So so hotel. Room a good size.  Air conditioning not great.  Very busy hotel it seems.  Not far from French quarters. 
Would look at other SPG properties in futureI stayed at the W Hotel during my visit to New Orleans for Mardi Gras.. The location was great, walking distance to French Quarter and River Walk. The room was simple and clean, with a comfortable king size bed. 
The four stars is for the excellent service we received there. After a horrible time at the airport and a 5 hour taxi cab ride through a storm without our luggage, all we wanted to see was a smiling and helpful face. They were great with us, the lady at the front desk gave us a goody bag filled with toiletries.I'm staying here for business because I prefer Starwood and we get a good rate. Plus I like the more modern look of the W-type hotels. The staff has been very friendly and the rooms nice and clean. I also am more than a little bit in love with the Bliss toiletries....The desk is big - great for the business traveler, and the bed is very comfortable.
I just wish the damn wireless would work. I can't get it to connect and when I finally do - it drops me. I've tried to watch NetFlix Instantly over the LAN line and even that is terribly slow. If it were free, maybe I wouldn't complain, but seriously, why pay 14.95 for non-existent wireless and slow LAN connections? I expect more from a nice hotel like this, especially one that has a lot of business travel.A perfect New Orleans hotel.  The room is a nice size, they have a mounted plasma, a full mini bar, and 24 hour room service.  
Although, I was a bit hesitant about staying outside the quarter, but now I'm sold on this space.  There was no outside noise, car alarms, sirens, or drunk people outside your window.  
The hotel staff was inviting and always helpful with whatever, whenever - literally!  
The bed was absolutely heavenly!  And most importantly, the cleaning people never once woke us up at an insane hour to clean the room.  
Going forward, no more rooms in the Quarter!  From now on, I'll be staying at the W Hotel on Poydras.I had a great stay at the W New Orleans!
Before even arriving, customer service was working wonders. I had a scheduling conflict on my check in date, and the shifted my reservation to begin the next day free of charge!
When we actually arrived, at least four people greeted and assisted us with baggage and check in! It was amazing service! 
The room was great and very clean. 
We could not have asked for a better location. The hotel is within walking distance or a short cab ride of all the hot spots!
My only complaint was one unprofessional employee at the pool, and the high prices of the mini bar selections (this is to be expected though). 
Overall, we had a great stay!I love the w and they are pet friendly even with my 3 dogs - always great service no matter what city I am in. The area of this hotel is quieter than the one in the French Quarter. The hotel is about a 8 minute walk to the quarter and it's a nice walk.My first experience at a W hotel, staying six nights ostensibly for business with nightly expeditions for local fare and libations.  I've known this hotel chain by reputation, and by look at least, it was every bit as expected.  Relentlessly contemporary, the decor is sophistication veering dangerously close to tacky.  Saved a bit by a sense of fun (e.g., the "Good Morning" and "Good Evening" mats that greet you when you enter the elevators, changed twice daily apparently).
From the street, you pass through a glowing white portal with a single Red "W" on it, looking suspiciously like a transplant from a sci-fi film.  Concierge and check-in as soon as you walk in, excellent and attentive service all around, consistent throughout the stay.  The rest of the first level is to the left, where there are two computer terminals (pay to use, probably free to print boarding passes but did not do it here), a bar area, and their Living Room, with multiple seating and table choices.  Across from this are the huge doors to the in-house whiskey bar, Whiskey Blue.  Did not patronize but on several occasions passing through the side street exit by here, spied a sleek-looking bar.
I stayed in a King room.  Very spacious room, with chaise and large desk; no vanity but space in the nightstands.  Good quality bedsheets and comfortable bed.  Gigantic mirror angled against the wall by the bed; it looked awkward but sufficient space to make use of.  Most of the room furniture besides the bed need an update; not high quality make.  Unlike the garish colors sometimes on display elsewhere in the hotel, this room was subdued, in dark grey, mustard, and white.  Bathroom likewise very roomy, lots of counter space, all amenities available, Bliss products, in cool white, black, and grey; tub shower and wobbly fixtures can use an update, also needs a vent.  Very quiet in the room.
Wifi is a paid-for amenity.  They offer free wifi in their Living Room area but that, unfortunately, didn't work during the days I was there.  Free coffee offered at their second floor restaurant Zoe in the mornings.
The W's location was perfect for me.  Although walking to the NOLA convention center is a bit of a hike, its still a very walkable 20 minutes.  Likewise, it is less than 10 minutes to walk to the border of the French Quarter, at Canal St.  In a quiet area, no clubs or bars nearby with late night crowds.  And quiet despite sitting between the famous Mother's restaurant and the Harrah's casino, albeit a side entrance.  If you come back late, it will be relatively quiet on the streets; although I never felt unsafe, I didn't linger either.
Overall, it was a solid stay, with highlights being the very comfortable bed, excellent location for what I was in town for, and great service.  Rating held down by room rates that don't match the overall quality of the room, with no free wifi in their communal area as advertised.  I liked the fun vibe, but can live without paying a premium for it.Stayed here with 5 friends on my recent trip to New Orleans.
Our relationship with this hotel started off on the wrong foot for sure. On the night we arrived in NOLA, the hotel overbooked and we were shipped off for a (complimentary) night's stay at a hotel on St. Charles Ave near the Garden District (read: FAR OUT). STRIKE 1!
The checkout at that hotel was at 10am, and checkout at the W was at noon. We arrived at the W at 11, and obviously our rooms weren't ready. (STRIKE 2!) However, we were treated to complimentary brunch in the Zoe restaurant.
After we finished our (lackluster) complimentary brunch, I was eager to get into our room because I had been up all night puking from FOOD POISONING from the previous night's dinner. I felt like hell. I tried to make myself comfortable on one of the trendy couches, nestled in my friend's leather coat, but I kept having to get up and run to the second floor bathroom. All I wanted was a bed and a toilet to hang my head over if need be!!!!!!! The room still wasn't ready. In fact, it wasn't ready for THREE MORE HOURS! (STRIKE 3!!!!!!!) At 3pm, one of our two rooms was ready. I staggered into the bed and passed out. I was being a pretty damn big baby about all of this, so they brought me some plain starchy food and a few bottles of Fiji on the house to ease my stomach troubles. And that was just the beginning.
Despite the VERY rocky start, the hotel staff ensured that the rest of our stay was pleasant and another one of our nights was taken off the bill. Our rooms were upgraded to two VERY nice suites with a king sized bed and two couches and we had no more issues. Until the last day when the toilet in one of the rooms overflowed like crazy and soaked the carpet in a good portion of the room. It was gross. 
This is a lovely hotel, trendy, with beautiful rooms. Even though the experience turned out great in the end, I can't award more than three stars because of the first two nights' fiasco.This place needs a GBU review, so here goes: 
The Good:  
The staff here is wonderful.  As with the W brand, we really tested the Whatever Whenever service and they delivered.  We wanted some tunes while we were getting ready and needed an iPod dock.  They were out, but on of the staff members let us use his own personal one that he happened to have in his car.  The location works well.  It's not in the French Quarter, but you can walk or take their car service.  It's also across the street from Harrah's.  The rate was much lower than other W properties (including the other W in the French Quarter).  The common gym, pool, and other common areas are well kept and accessible.  
The Bad:  
If you're accustomed to the W brand, this place will likely disappoint.  The bathrooms are far from luxurious and really need an upgrade.  I mean, it was functional and served the purpose, but considering the brand, I expect more than that.  The standard rooms are small, even a little cramped.  One of the first things I do when I check into a hotel room is check to see if there is lipstick on the glasses.  Unfortunately, the W did not pass the test.  
The Ugly:  
Tripping up the stairs.I stayed here a week about a year ago for a convention for work. The convention was actually at "Lowes" directly across the street, but being loyal to Starwood, I stayed here. 
Although the location isn't as desirable as the "W" French Quarter, it is a much nicer hotel than its French Quarter Counterpart. Nice lobby, a few bars.... Nice place. 
As an added bonus, it is directly across the street from "Mothers" a great place to grab some food when the lines aren't' too long. 
My first room was "average". Nothing special about it... although it did have a nice view of the city. After a few days they upgraded me to a 2 bedroom suite. The Suite didn't have a nice view, but it was still appreciated. 
At the time, they had some kind of deal going with Lexus and offered free rides within 3 miles of the hotel. I took advantage of that a few times... A nice feature. 
If you are visiting NOLA and would rather stay at a nicer hotel if you don't mind an extra 5 minute walk, I would recommend the W on Poydras.Although. Am not updating my number of stars I will commend them for responding to my email.  I wanted them to know about my visit and what I saw.  They took it very seriously and sent me a thank you email and a nights stay.The rooms are average but the great customer service is why I give the W New Orleans 4 stars : ) I especially appreciated the advice from Crystal, Toni, Ruth and Hayward. They offered some great suggestions, extra time going over the map, and gust general friendliness : ) I may try the French Quarter hotel next time but the this location is certainly close to everything you need...Love this trendy hotel with a great location. 
The only complaint I have is every time we were walking in or valeting the car they kept asking if we were checking out...made me get a complex like maybe there was a reason they were asking us that. The wait for car was a bit much but besides all that super clean sheek hotel. Nice roof top pool on the 4th floor and the gym was SUPER nice and large compared to most all hotels....you can totally get a complete workout here. 
I love the flavored water!!The rooms were reasonably large, the bed decent, the staff friendly and helpful. But this place needs renovating. It looks worn out with chipped paint, worn rugs, grungy bathrooms.One of the nicer W hotels we've stayed in - more because of what they don't do rather than what's there. Upon entering, you make your way through the automatic door that's a curtain - definitietly different than what you're used to. The folks at the front desk as well as the concierge desk are very helpful and know a good amount about activities in the area.
The standard W lobby, but without the thumping music and lights that bring on seizures. The elevators have mats that are changed throughout the day and always seem to be giving off a delightful scent.
The rooms were the best part about this place. For the first time since we've stay at W's, we didn't find the rooms pretentious, full of chintzy furniture that looked like it was procured from an Ikea sale and overall space that makes a dorm room look big. The decor here was very nice, w/ good size rooms, a nice desk for spreading work out and a bed that was very comfortable.
The location was a few blocks from the French quarter, but far enough away that you escaped the riff raff. Good number of restaurants in the area, some fun shopping and a pretty extensive number of bars - both standard and wine - within a few minutes.  About a 10 minute walk to the Cruise docks and they've got a free shuttle (Acura) that will take you around town.
Overall, a very pleasant W experience and the first one we'll likely go back to. Keep up the good work.I'm a big fan of Starwood hotels and W Hotels in particular. This was a disappointing experience.
Check-in was smooth and the desk clerk was friendly. The parking guys were especially cool - great recommendations for non-touristy jazz joints and could not have been more cordial.
The room was okay, but not quite up to par with other W hotels, especially for the price I paid.
Location for Mardi Gras was phenomenal! Right outside and we were literally able to walk up to the floats to get beads and get a little silly. :-p
Now the bad part. 4 days after check-out, there was an additional $30 charge on my credit card from the W. What was it? Mini-bar. There is no way that housekeeping could have mistook a discarded water bottle or Snickers bar or whatever else was in the minibar in the trash for one of the overpriced snacks from the minibar. I do NOT do hotel minibars and the only thing in the trash were toiletries. Not sure if this was the W being shady or reckless with accounting, but I was quite angry, ESPECIALLY since it had been 4 days after check out this was charged to my credit card. To be completely fair, my friend staying in the room next to mine had no such issue with his stay.
Not to sound like an old fogey, but traveling in the age of identity theft is hard enough. It's especially daunting when things like this happen. I would stay at another Starwood property, but not this W.I haven't stayed here yet but I want to give a review because the sales office, Beth-Anne Grassa to be exact. They have truly gone out of the way to please me prior to my stay. I booked my wedding block here in October. The wedding is Labor Day weekend so I wanted to get an early start on things being a holiday weekend. 
I didn't check yelp or the "Trip" site for reviews prior to booking.... As the day grew nearer I decided to look and see what my fellow yelpers were saying. I was APPALLED and scared. The manager response to comments was ridiculous. I couldn't let my friends and family stay here! Not when they know what the W stands for! So I called in a panic. 
Beth-Anne was awesome! She calmed my fears, and exceeded expectations. The next day I received a list of my reserved guests with a surprise upgrade for my Mom and I. She assured me we would have renovated rooms and would have nice distance from the work, although the majority of the rooms should be done by then, as the rebrand at the end of the year. 
I'm a happy bride to be. I look forward to my stay and my guests enjoying their stay as well! Of course I'll post an update.I went here 6 months ago and I enjoyed my stay. I went again in June 2014 and it has turned out to be terrible.  I know it is switching to a Le Meridien and going to be new in shiny, but the current staff is terrible, except for one desk lady (unfortunately forgot her name).  The staff is apathetic if not plane rude.  They do not help you with anything. The rooms was worn out looking, tons of rust in bathroom (luckily my tetanus shot was up to date), and it was just plain DIRTY!
I have a laundry list of everything that went wrong, but the one that was a kicker was they had really loud construction noise they did not tell me about. When I finally called about it after my splitting headache, they said it would be only 10 more minutes.  They answer the hotel information line with "whatever, whenever", but when I asked for Advil or something, they told me they could not because it was medicine, but they would run up some ear plugs.  They knew my girlfriend was staying with me, but they only brought us one set.  When I called to complain again before it ended, noise was going on still at 6:15 pm, they said it was just being wrapped up (was supposed to end at 6pm).  It went on another 10 minutes.  They then sent up some Abita beer.  It was nice of them, but they sent it without a bottle opener and there was not one in the room. Had to then go downstairs to bar to get it open.  
Will not stay here again.I was expecting this hotel to be like the one in Union Square in NYC, it is in decor but that's about it.  The people are so friendly and nice here. The service was better than any hotel I ever stayed at.Two highlights of our stay at the W are:
Tim - the young valet guy who was a sweetheart.
Kevin - the hard-working bellman who was quick, efficient and friendly.I just love W Hotels.  I have not been to a bad one yet.  As mentioned in many of the other reviews, this W is a bit different than most other W Hotels.  It is a little more bright inside.  There is a lively lounge with plenty of seats, newspapers, magazines and games.  
The rooms are a bit small.  Not tiny, just smallish.  Most W Hotels do have small rooms.  I think the size is maybe 250sf.  The bathroom is small but adequate.  Some people thought the bathroom was small, I thought is was okay.
During the morning, there is a cafe that turns into the Martini Bar at 11am.  There is also complimentary coffee and pastry bites across from the front desk.  The main bar, The Whiskey Blue which is a very popular hang out for guest as well as visitors.  I always love W bars.  The restaurant, although I have not tried it yet, is Zoe but from what I hear, there are too many other better restaurants to be had in the Big Easy!
There is a small pool, too cold to make a dip at this time, but I think it is just bag enough to wet your feet.  The gym, well, I thought it could use some More "flair" but was adequate and had new machines.  It was a decent size for the size of this hotel.
I think this hotel is by far a good choice.  I think i would rather stay in the W French Quarter next time mostly because i love the outdoor courtyard area and has more of a New Orleans flavor to it.  This W is in a good location, only a few minutes walking distance outside the French Quarter.  
As for the Internet, there are about three terminals in the lobby that are free.  In room Internet in $11 plus tax.  Not bad and very quick!I love the W Hotel with their Whenever/Whatever attitude, however it just didnt have the same feel this time around. Maybe its because they were preparing for the Essence crowd for the weekend or maybe its because I wasnt partying this time around (with kids). We had an incredible stay last year at the W French Quarter (stayed there twice), but I couldnt get in this time around so we opted for the very chic Poydras location. The rooms are smallish but trendily decorated with modern TV, colors, plantation shutters, fine linens etc.  This is a great hotel for pleasure, romance, friends etc. Staff is great. Zoe restaurant is solid and Randye Gerber's Whiskey is a great spot on the weekends.Room 807 has an immaculate view of a parking lot. Not very clean. According to wifey-the Bliss products are a thumbs up. Whatever.- Comfortable rooms
- Great A/C control - I got my room down to 64 (which is needed in this city in August)
- Great staff
- Good gym (but poor environmental control)
- Average foodI need to confess something, W New Orleans. I - ahem, we - did something naughty. 
We weren't staying here, but popped in for a martini or two. The bartender (I forget his name) was super coo', as he was a NYC transplant and nursing student, we struck up a great convo. The cocktails were great; I had a chocolate martini, and my sisters elected for the chocolate raspberry martini and another that tasted akin to apple cider. Great whiskey selection too, which the fellas enjoyed. We also partook in a little photo action. Okay, so this is where I must confess something. On our way out, there was a gentleman who approached us, offering hotel car service. "SURE!" How could I *not* turn this down. Hey, we spent at least $50 at the bar. Ain't no harm in a little car ride. So, like the other W Hotels across America, they offer the "Acura Experience," car service provided by the W Hotel staff in an Acura. (My boss actually ended up buying an Acura SUV based on an Acura Experience ride we took in San Francisco.)
Six of us load up in the SUV, we take off, and as he grabs a tablet to write down some notes, he asks ... "So, what's the last name in the room? And what's the room number?"
Errrrrr. Silence in the car. We were all prepared to hop out just as fast as we hopped in, but kept a closed lip. 
Sir, I'm so so so so sooooo sorry, but we didn't know what else to do. We greatly appreciated the ride - and knew to tip you well. Thanks for the ride. Hope we didn't cause you any troubles.I've stayed here three times over three years for business meetings, so I have a bit of an opinion. It's improved during this time--when I first visited in 2008, what was formerly obviously luxe was deteriorating quickly into disrepair. Scuffed paint, non-working room accessories, toilet paper holder falling off the wall. They seem to be fixing these things, which is important when you consider the room rate.
Pros:
- Close to Canal Street, which is great for pick-up shopping and is close to the FedEx Office in the Marriott
- The Travel Gods have blessed the beds and bedding here. Favorite beds on the road at the W, hands down.
- Thermostat: They actually let you turn it down COLD!!! This is huge for me because I don't sleep well in a warm room (esp. with a heavy duvet on the bed). A lot of hotels make it so that you can't go below 65 degrees. I got my room down to 50 and slept like a log. Hot damn & hallelujah.
- Front Desk & Banquet Staff: So so so so nice. I love them. Awesome. Friendly. Helpful. A pleasure to work with for events.
- Complimentary Toiletries: All the hair & body products are Bliss, and they are FANTASTIC. I loved the face wash so much, I actually bought a bottle at Sephora, and I never do that premium cleanser stuff. The shower gel and body butter are also pretty awesome.
- Transport: Not far from the St. Charles Street Car, and easy walking distance to the French Quarter (which is worth visiting on Saturdays to check out all the awesome street performers)
- Good channel selection on the TV. I don't watch much TV at home (no cable) and so like to indulge a little when I'm on the road. BBC America, Food Network, Comedy Central, HBO: I'm a happy camper while I work.
Cons:
- Room Service: Tends to arrive on the cold side; limited menu (but do try the crab & corn bisque)
- Internet: STUPIDLY slow (to the point that I couldn't get all of my work done; some of it involved downloading large files) and crazy expensive, even for a hotel. Seriously, if you're going to charge crazy-high prices, I expect crazy-fast bandwidth, thank you very much.
- The stupid everywhere-is-a-dance-club/lounge-thing that W's have going on. I don't want a hotel that thinks it's hipper than I am. Style is fine. Dance club vibe in the elevator and lobby is just silly. I keep waiting for the Roxbury boys to show up. Granted, the NOLA W is way less obnoxious about this than the San Francisco one.
The WORST thing is the coffee--it's got to be decaf. All the time. I drank the hotel coffee for three days, some days having as many as 6 cups and I didn't once feel it kick in. When you are traveling and working 10-12 hour days, you need some serious coffee. You need coffee that will pick you up, slap your jet lag upside the head, and shake your brain awake so that it can deal with organizing shit. This coffee does not do that. This coffee will sing your poor clouded brain lullabies. Do yourself a favor and brave the casino across the street for Starbucks. Yes, Starbucks.
Overall, it's a great place to stay, especially when someone else is footing the bill.I'll start by saying that I loved the decor of the hotel, the room was relatively big, and the location just outside the French Quarter can't be beat. Unfortunately, there were some major cons that aren't really acceptable for a hotel in this price range. Wifi didn't work at all, the entire time we were there. The wired internet worked, but we had to have the tech guy bring us two ethernet cables, because both the one already in the room, and the first one he brought us were broken. I don't mind paying for internet, but I really expect it to work. Also, our TV only seemed to work on and off throughout our stay. It was fixed once, then worked, then stopped working again. Not a huge deal, since no one goes to New Orleans to watch TV, but I like to have it on in the background as I'm getting ready (plus, my Cardinals one the world series while we were there...luckily our TV was working then!). As others have mentioned, the walls were really thin. The staff was really friendly, but when I go back I think I'll look into some of the other nearby hotels.I was really impressed with my stay at the W on Poydras. The staff was extremely friendly, professional, courteous. The bar was standard W. Classy, fun, and safe from the French Quarter madness. The location was convenient to the Quarter, restaurants, the casino, and public transportation. The room was very nice, spacious, with a very comfy bed, great bathroom products. Great view. If I ever find myself back in New Orleans, I would definitely stay here again.One word: DIRTY. I would never stay here again and would not recommend to anyone. 
PROS: Price; Location; Lobby; Gym; Acura car that saved us in the rain. The location is nice because the district is a bit cleaner and less noisy than the streets in the french quarter. It is close to the casino across the street. Next time I will stay at the Harrahs or the Loews. Both seemed nice. The gym was nice for a hotel gym and the rooftop pool was a nice spot. I have to commend the hotel for saving us when we were stuck in the rain and could not get a cab. We had a flight to catch and it was a life saver. 
CONS: Everything else. We (and others in our group) had to change rooms because of how dirty and smoke smelling the first room was. We are talking stains on the carpet, stains on the duvet, dust on the walls, inches of dust on everything else - corners of carpets, space between bed and nightstand, on the phone, on the bottoms of the drinking cubs, on the tv. It was just gross. The room we were moved to was a little better and I at least felt comfortable if I kept my flip flops on while in the room.  Dirty towels were left on the floor in the hallway overnight. I called to inform the front desk and was told that they would be picked up in the morning.  Cleaning service didn't come until after 3pm when we returned to the room and called. After cleaning, all dirty drinking cups were left in the room. It was pretty shocking for a W hotel.  Corporate should be concerned about the management at this hotel.For location this place would get 5 stars. Across from Harrah's casino, easy to find.
THE BAD:
*Valet service is painfully slow. We would call ahead for our car (15mins) and it would still not be ready. 
*Bathroom had strands of hair all over the floor- EEWWWW!!! I dreaded taking my shoes off to shower. GROSS
*ALOT of wear and tear on the furniture and building.
*Shower made LOUD noises like it was struggling to deliver water. Definitely not relaxing warm bath....speaking of warm...
*NO HOT WATER- we had to shower in lukewarm water!!!! 
THE GOOD:
*Comfy bed
*Cold A/C
*FREE car service- didn't get to use it but loved knowing it was available.
*Location, location, location!
For the price they charge- you expect more- they just failed to deliver.This is my first W experience. While I like the lobby and stuff, i am not the biggest fan of the rooms. It just looks a little run down.  At first the check in was very stressful since it was our 5 year anniversary and the room we wanted wasn't ready. So we came back from dinner (ACME Oyster) and the check in lady said that the room we wanted was still not available and we were stuck with a lower category room.  However, the staff tries to help with our situation and got the room back. I think at the staff there is helpful.
The restaurant there is not too good. It's not the best tasting one while the seating is very nice atmopshereClass A DUMP!!!
Putting a sexy bar and lobby in doesnt take away from the fact that this place is a run down dump.
My room was dirty, as in smeary door jambs and a dirty toilet.
Paint splashes on the floor of the bathroom
Broken leaking faucet in the shower.
I called to get a bottle opener took a full hour. I had to call 4 times.
After I waited half an our (based on the phone call I was on) I called and they said it had only been 10 minutes THEN it took another half hour.Ok, so the location is perfect. The rooms are nice. And there's a great gym, pool, restaurant, and lounge located in the hotel. What more could you ask for?!
Apparently, alot lol I think i'm still trying to understand why some lower end hotels are able to offer you breakfast, water, and such for free but hotels like the W have to nickel and dime you for every single little thing. 
They literally STOCKED the room with drinks and snacks....all a few times what you would regularly pay for them. The refrigerator was FULL of drinks....of course not free...so full that i couldn't put my leftovers in there. 
Complimentary wireless? Of course not.
We never used the free car service they offered because from what I could tell, there's only one car, so you have to call far in advance to reserve it. Not the "15 minutes" that they quote you.
And then lastly, they lost our vehicle. Yep. Well, mixed it up. Labeled our car keys with a number that didn't match our retrieval slip. And when we told them that they brought the wrong vehicle, they kept asserting that WE were wrong as if we couldn't tell the difference between a charcoal Camry and a silver Buick. They finally found it and ultimately comped our valet, but it was poor customer service at the time. 
On my next visit to NOLA, i'll definitely be staying elsewhere.I'm not into staying at fancy overpriced hotels. A Best Western would suit me fine, but my friend insisted that we stay at the W on Poydras.  I am so glad I listened. The hotel itself is very classy and hip. The decor was creative and relaxing.  It even smelled good. 
Centrally located to the French Quarter, Bourbon Street, Museums and the Garden District.
The staff was beyond friendly and helpful. Particularly the floor guys and the concierge Travis Frye. By far the best service I've ever had a hotel. My friend mentioned that we were in town for my birthday and Mr. Frye arranged to have champagne delivered to my room. Absolutely FANTASTIC!
Whenever I go back to New Orleans, I plan to stay at the W on Poydras Street.** Travel Advisory **
This hotel is currently under construction. 
I am in New Orleans for work and unable to change hotels, or I would have today. Be advised that construction starts at approx 9am and lasts until 6pm, and is apparently scheduled to continue until at least November of 2014. The travel coordinator from my office was not notified that the hotel was under construction at any point prior to my arrival at the hotel.
The construction noise is loud enough to make work, conversation, and certainly anything resembling rest impossible in any of the guest rooms of the hotel. If you are looking for a quiet, comfortable hotel in New Orleans, this is certainly not it.I have been to a lot of W hotels for events and the like, but had yet to stay in one as I really like the Westins. But, thought we'd give this a try for one night on our recent trip to New Orleans.
The staff was very friendly and helpful, and that bumped them up a star. 
The room was oddly shaped- with one of those doors that come in at an angle that you'd expect to see at a really crappy hotel in Manhattan or the like. Although they've been polished up nicely, some of the older elements (i.e. popcorn ceiling) remain. 
We had stayed there thinking it'd be a good place to start the trip since the W surely had a good nightlife/club/bar scene. Nope. We were there on a Saturday night and it was completely dead. Trying to make the best of it, we went and had an extraordinarily overpriced cocktail at the Randy Gerber restaurant/bar downstairs.
All in all, kind of blah. Location is ok- a few blocks from the quarter and right in the middle of the CBD.This is easy for me, since I paid the family rates for this room when I stayed back in June. Yes, I live in New Orleans, but my Mr. was just moving into the city, so we got a fancy hotel room for the first few nights that he was here so that we could live it up before moving on to real life...
The room was pretty, very clean and spacious. We had a beautiful view of the streets and river, and the interior was very simple and trendy, and the bed was comfortable. The bathrooms seem to be in need of a little assistance. It wasn't bad, but in need of an upgrade. 
The service was prompt and friendly. At one point, we called room service for some Asprin. When they didn't have any, they ran to the FQ location and found me some- very sweet! 
Made our stay very relaxing and romantic!I just wanted to give a kudos to the entire staff of the W New Orleans. I had an awesome stay from start to finish this past weekend! Special thank yous to Ms. Barbara of the room styling crew & Ms. Madeline of the guest services crew! This hotel is perfect location for all attractions & great eats!!!NEVER STAY HERE. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. THERE ARE MANY OTHER VERY NICE AND ACCOMMODATING HOTELS IN NEW ORLEANS THAT CARE ABOUT THEIR GUESTS. This past weekend (Memorial Day Weekend) we stayed at the W Hotel in New Orleans. We had booked our room on May 12th. We saw before booking that the W was currently under a renovation but when we saw the following notification, we decided it would be okay to book. "We are undergoing a $30 Million transformation through December 2014 as we prepare to unveil the new Le Méridien New Orleans Hotel. We assure you that as our guest, you will not be placed on or directly above/below a floor where renovations are taking place. "   We arrived on Friday at around 4:30 p.m. and were given room 2312. As soon as we stepped off the elevator we could hear a very loud drilling noise. We both looked at each other in surprise and kept walking to our room assuming that the noise would stop. When we entered our room the noise was amplified. The closer I walked to the window the louder the drilling got and the floor was literally vibrating. I immediately called down to the concierge desk and was told that yes, the construction was going on but that it was 2 floors below me. I laughed a bit and asked him if he could hear the drilling. He agreed that yes he could hear it but that everyone was experiencing this. He told us that construction was happening between 10 and 6 and that they would be stopping soon. I asked him for a different room and he told me they were booked. I let him know that if the construction was going to be that loud the next day then we wanted to be moved. He told me ok. At 9:30 a.m. on Saturday the hammering and drilling started again. We picked up the phone and called the concierge desk. Whoever answered the phone had not been trained properly yet on how to lie to guests because he stated that the construction was below us. When the manager was put on the phone she said, NO...the construction is definitely happening on the 21st floor, not the 22nd and that everyone had to listen to this construction. My husband decided to go to the front desk to speak with someone in person. The manager on duty assured him that the construction was not below us and told him that she could give us a $50 credit for Friday night. He let her know that we could not stay in that room and she told him she didn't have another room ready for us "Just Yet". My husband then came back to our room and grabbed his phone. He walked down one flight of stairs and recorded the construction (drilling, hammering, music playing, men laughing and singing) on the 22nd floor. Workers were literally sawing and drilling in the room directly below ours. My husband returned to the manager on duty and asked for her to not lie to his face again. She then had nothing to say other than I'm sorry. After he returned to the drilling, the manager called and gave us an option to stay at the Ritz Carlton for $499 a night or a room on Bourbon Street. The W was not going to pay for the difference at the Ritz and we are far too old to stay on a street like Bourbon for the same amount we are paying to stay at the W. I asked her for another room and she stated that she still did not have one available. I pleaded that she have the construction in the room DIRECTLY BELOW us stopped for at least an hour so that we could get dressed and get out of the room. She told me that she was unable to do that and proceeded to speak in a very condescending voice trying to explain how construction works. We decided to get online and express how we felt to the W's Facebook pages. We received quick responses that told us management had been contacted and was looking into our situation and would be in contact with us soon. We took our showers while the drilling in the bathroom below vibrated everything in the shower and was even vibrating my makeup that sat on the bathroom counter. We fled the room as quickly as we could. WE WERE NEVER CONTACTED AGAIN. On Sunday when we were subjected to the exact same thing we got back online and responded to the previous posts letting them know that their management was liars. 15 minutes later we were contacted by a manager to tell us that they had a different room available. She assured me that construction was only occurring on the top floors and that we wouldn't be bothered now. At 4 p.m. on Sunday the W decided to move us. This was only after they had overbooked their hotel and put us directly above the construction and after we had to complain to various sites that were not even the W New Orleans site.  The room that they transferred us to did not have a working mini fridge, the bathroom was dripping water from the ceiling, and the mirror in the bathroom was broken. And all they want to offer me is a $50 credit for one night (which has yet to post to my account). I will spend a lot of my energy making sure people know how business is being run at the W Hotel.W Hotels have a higher expectation for me than this one delivered.  The only good things were the proximity to the Riverwalk AND French Quarter (if you don't mind a little walk, which with the NOLA food and drinks I don't) and this one really awesome concierge at the Wheels doors.
Let begin on why this is not the greatest experience....the bedroom and bathroom were pretty much less than par.  The bathroom was by far the worst:
- broken glass on the floor (thank goodness I saw it before stepping on it!)
- stained tub
- hair was in the shower and on the floor (which is normal at home, NOT at a hotel)
- house keeping only came once in three days...
Now convenience wise, this was fine, but on cleanly note I should give the hotel 1 star.
I would look for another hotel before I came back to this one.**3.5 stars**
I can't say I don't have a thing for trendy hotels, but I do so I was drawn to try the W chain when I was visiting.  
Not to be confused with the W at French Quarter, the W New Orleans is located a couple blocks outside of French Quarter, at the cross between the Quarter, Downtown/Central Business District and the Warehouse/Arts District.  Not as convenient if you're just focused on Bourbon, but if you want to explore other pockets of town, this location is actually very convenient.  And this place is perfectly located just across the street from Mother's Restaurant :-D
While the hotel itself was well-apportioned, trendy and had the amenities and friendly staff as expected.  This hotel was so trendy there were a lot of words used to describe common hotel areas.  WET for the pool, SWEAT for the gym, LIVING ROOM for the lobby, WHATEVER/WHENEVER for the concierge - you get what I'm illustrating?
This particular hotel, however, seemed like it was something not so great trying to be great.  Services and amenities aside, the bathroom fixtures were old and not as modern as I expected and plaintain shutters are not for trendy rooms.  Nevertheless the rooms were clean and comfortable.  I was a big fan of the iPod docking station, useful for setting my own alarm and for playing some music.  I also like complimentary beverages and green apples available throughout the "living room" areas.
Despite the urban trendy not as fitting to a casual, classic place like NOLA, the W New Orleans is a comfortable place to stay conveniently located near multiple city areas.The common areas of this hotel are beautiful.  The rooms are a little worn though.
The pool area is MUCH smaller than it looks online.  AND we were up there one hot day and there was ZERO wait service.  Someone who had paid $300 for a cabana called down for a cocktail and were told it would be 30 minutes before they could get someone up there so it was best to go to the lobby.  Really, W?
The room was big enough and comfortable, but we had a view of the side of another building.  :(I had to write more after we had finished our stay, I hate reviews that say things ar bad but don't go into specifics why.  Here is mine. 
Traveling a lot as i do you start trying to find good deals. Well, Me and my boyfrIend needed to be in NoLA for 2 days for business. So we looked on priceline to see what we could find. We go to express deals that they are supposedly known for on the site. We click on and purchase the one that says free internet, parking, and breakfast. It reveals after buying it that we are going to be staying at this hotel. It takes us over 6 hours to arrive. When we do it's 3:30am. Ashley who is attending the desk tells us they are not honoring the priceline for this hotel because they don't do that and that the info on there is wrong. Well who is in charge of correcting it??. Because the change of the Name of the hotel is correct, but everything else is not? . . She goes on to say the we have to pay for everything and that there is reconstruction going on (which was not mentioned either) so there is going to be noise going on while they are renovating the floors! I talk to her about what are we suppose to do. . her response: "it's not our fault that the hotel has false info and there's nothing I can do and then adds: What you want to do with your reservation" . She doesn't care. what do I want you to do with your reservation! ? It's 4 am in the morning and I have to be up at 9am. She doesn't care nor is accommodating because of the error on both parties. Valet is 46 a night! ! which is one of the amenities that's suppose to be free! We spend over an hour outside next to our car (because parking can not take it till we pay) with priceline trying to get them to honor what they had in their deal. They tried to play dumb and lie to us. And I had to do everything short of screaming to get the manager on the call to at least take care of the parking. As far as free WiFi and breakfast. They said there was public WiFi in the lobby that's free and breakfast was never free. People aren't paying for the lobby they are paying for their room. 
As our stay continued. I woke up at my early time to at least get some coffee. I was directed from the lobby bar to upstairs dining. But there was no one to be found. I waited over 15 minutes hoping for a waiter or any employee. No one. So I huffed back downstairs. No employees are staying at their directed stations. Nor a manager to check on the floor. Except the bar manager who was loading up for the day. I told her there was no one at all up stairs and she was the one to give me my coffee, finally!! over a half hour taken up just to find someone to do their job! 
Other things. We arrived back in the late afternoon. After my business meeting. And went to the front desk to request for soap and clean towels. they said sure we will be up in a few minutes. Waited over 45 minutes. No one from housekeeping has come up yet. I tried to call downstairs but none of the phones work!! They keep saying charging, but no charge is happening. I figure out how to use the speakerphone to call them and ask. They respond someone will be on their way. Someone one from front desk. Still another 30 minutes. No one. I call one last time and they finally send security to do it?? They do not knock at all supposedly. I waited near the door. They said our "do not disturb sign was up" but then I open the door and the person delivering it hasn't even made it to the door yet. HAHAHa!!! 
Other notes: the TV did not work half the time. Bunch of unable to find channel listed or white noise on most of the channels. Calling front desk does nothing to help. They do not know how to take information and relay it to those who can remedy the problem. 
This staff clearly needs training. 
I did not want to stay here much longer and was happy when we left. This place couldn't even live up the their basic amenities. 
False advisement and really awful Customer service on both parties. If we had known that construction would be going on in the hotel despite these other lies we Wouldn't have paid to stay here. .. awful experience. I do not recommend this place. 
One of the worst hotels I've stayed at overall.PROS:
Location - quiet area but walking distance to attractions/nightlife.
Concierge was fantastic - made great recommendations and remembered us and made sure we were happy with the places he recommended.  Gave us his card so we could call him while we were out and about if we had any questions.
Front Desk staff - very pleasant and helpful.  Assisted us in booking a tour because concierge was not in yet (it was very early). 
Comfortable beds!
Gym - my friend used the gym and said it was clean and well-equipped but not enough AC in the room.  It's just too humid not to have cool air in a gym.   
Cons:
Housekeeping - when we checked into our FIRST room it was clearly not clean.  Hair on the bathroom floor, empty toiletries, water rings on the desk...we were given the option to stay in the room and they would have someone clean it, or move.  We moved.  The second room was clean and comfortable, however, no one cleaned our room the next day and we had to call for clean towels.  Some days the room was squeaky clean, and others it seemed like they just took the dirty towels and tossed some clean ones in there and did nothing else except make the beds.  
Bathroom - small and dated.  Terrible sink design - strange deep, round sink that made a mess even if you were just washing your hands!!!  This is tricky when housekeeping doesn't keep up with giving you clean towels.
Outlets - there was only 1 outlet!!!  It's very inconvenient in an age where you have to charge everything!  At least have a 4-outlet adapter plugged in to the ONE outlet.
Also there was a full-length mirror over in the corner - would be nice to have it near the outlet so you could use a hairdryer there.
Elevators - While I appreciate the security measure I find it annoying to have to use my key to press the button for my floor.
Overall we liked this hotel for it's location and the staff was very friendly and helpful...but would probably not stay here again.  I imagine you could find a hotel just a little nicer for a similar price.This is not one of my favorite W's, but not the worst either.  I stayed here for three nights last week during nye.  THe check-in was easy and every employee I met had a smile and a generallyl friendly attitude.   We used starwood points, so didn't have to pay normal rate for hotel ($300 a night,,, definitely not worth this).  Supposedly we were upgraded to the "spectacular" room, which is an upgrade from standard.  I have to say there was nothing spectacular about this room.  It was tiny, I mean really tiny.  There wasn't even room for a chair or desk,, just bed and tv.  The bathroom was outdated and didn't offer a separate bath from shower as many higher end places do.  The lobby was supposed to be sleek and "sexy", it was kind of minimalist and cheesy,,, and omg the music.  They play this euro techno new wavy awful music on a loop all day long morning noon and night, no change.  It actually gave me a stomach ache in the morning,,, or maybe it was the martini's and oysters, either way I was sick listening to this every day.  The mini-bar is pretty sparse.  The bed is comfy which is really at the end of the day all you should use a room in nola for is sleeping.  The wine bar was overpriced, but again friendly and the whiskey blue bar was okay, but seemed to be trying a bit too hard.  However, the location is good being far enough away from the craziness of bourbon, but not too far that you need to take a taxi.  I would only stay here again if it was on starwood points, but would never choose to spend anything over $150 a day for this hotel when you can get the monteleone for $100 a day.  It probably deserves 2.5 stars overall instead of 2 for the location, comfy bed and hotel staff.  But, I can't seem to overlook the other points I mentioned.I really wasn't impressed with this W hotel. The did offer a complimentary Acura shuttle that would take me any where I wanted/needed to go in the city. The hotel room was really small and it wasn't that clean. I can honestly say that I've stayed at better hotels that cost a lot less money. Maybe it's because it's right across from Harrah's casino. I must admit, I did take advantage of that.Apparently they think if you paint things  black that makes it 'classy'. The hotel is way over priced for the condition of the rooms and the additional costs of $39 a night parking & $7 internet access is ridiculous. You can get free wi-fi at Starbucks! They have no literature or maps regarding attractions and transportation. But the worst was discovering a half drank bottle of something by the mini bar. Thankfully they said we wouldn't be charged for it, but I couldn't help but wonder how well the room was cleaned. Add that to all the other various disappointments, and it means I will not stay here again.If I ever get back to N.O. I want to stay here.
Pro:
Walking distance from The French Quarter and across the Street from Harrah's Casino. 
Staff were exceptional (Especially The Concierge) and rooms were well appointed.
Con;
You have to pay for WiFi -I didn't stay at the W but I did attend an event there so I can only speak to those parts of it.
Lobby: you know how W Hotels are - swanky, modern, "cool" look and design.  Nice bar area and super friendly bartender with a TV behind the bar for sports watching.  BTW they have pretzels to munch on so ask if they forget to give you some.
Upstairs on second level are event rooms.  Our event appeared to be two rooms melded together by removing the wall in between.  Bartenders were friendly and quick, the room was lit just enough to be professional yet not show exactly how drunk your coworkers were, and the appetizers they were handing out were actually pretty damn good.  I thought it was a good event that was put together well.  Good job W!wow.  an entrance can say so many things, and I'm not talking mine.  I walked into this wonderful place, and was immediately feeling relaxed.  very modern, but not overwhelming, just simple.  black, white, red, and some silver, glass, etc.  the rooms are GREAT!  flat screen tv, dvd, desk, very BEACH feel to it all, and just simple.  I love simplicity, it makes me feel comfortable.   
   THE pool.  yes indeed.  love those cabana's with flat screen tvs, and fresh fruit.  sit on the couch, pull the screen shut, change your clothes, lay on the deck, get a tan, lay in the pool, work out, look at the buildings and sky scrapers, get some sun, call for drinks...  love this part of your hotel.  spent some good time there.
   Employee's are all wonderful, and none are overdressed and uncomfortable either.  fresh water in the lobby, with fruit, bar right there, and nice a cool.  I just felt blessed for each moment I was there.  
    You will see more of me.  I am going to recommend you to all my guests from outta town.  
   They take dogs, they provide beds, they provide collars, and fido even has his own menu for room service.  how cool is that?
thanks W..  see you again real soon.Stayed here in last week through a deal I got with my sister. It is a great location, within walking distance of everything. the girl who checked me in was very nice her name was Nicky. I arrived extra early because I had an early flight and my plan was to store my luggage and come back at a later time to check- in but she was able to get my two rooms and it was only 10 am.  
The rooms were clean and well stocked with all the necessities.  The rest of the hotel was very nicely decorated.
I would stay at another W hotel again, I've heard that the W hotels are much more extravagant and this one seemed a little less standard for W hotels. But the price I paid was quite all right for the service and accommodations.This hotel is simply meh. The common areas are beautiful. The guest rooms are tiny. It's like they slapped a couple of coats of high-gloss black paint on everything and called it a "remodel." The staff was exceptionally nice, which is why I bumped the review up from a two-star. The hotel pool is very small and was overrun by drunk people the majority of the day. The workout facility was nice, but was over 80 degrees inside and muggy when I was trying to run. I actually went outside to cool off. A mediocre cocktail from the bar cost me $18. Also, it's 2013. Charging for wifi is absolute crap.My husband and I, spent 3 nights at this hotel.  Since we were traveling from the West Coast, most of our day was on a airplane.  Our reservation was repaid, so we assumed that the room would be reserved regardless of the time we arrived. Since we had a rental car, the valet took care our vehicle and requested a bell man for the luggage.  By the time we got to the front desk it was 11:00pm, the gentleman who waited on us explained that our room was in process of being cleaned.  He suggested that we step to the bar or have a seat in the lobby area. I immediately told him that we had traveled all day and extremely tired.  He excused himself and returned minutes later.  He said, the hotel was completely full, but he had a room for us. He did apologized for the inconvenience and offered us a small credit.  The guy also explained some of the features of the hotel, and shared some info on the Acura Experience. He raved about the experience which amused us, in light that we've owned Acura's for many many years (Legend's, RL, MDX) and currently have two..
We were totally disappointed with the room, I sensed maybe the room had been pull for repair/renovation. There were stains on the Bed (Duvet), velvet Chaise Lounge had stains, Walls with various scuff marks, Bathroom with damage tile and missing Sink Stopper. To add to insult, the front office guy told us this was a upgraded room.
We went back to the front desk and said, the room was not acceptable and we needed to be moved.  We were advised that nothing else was available except a handicap room.  He said, he would request to have us move the next day.
The second room was totally different and it was clear that it had been renovated.  We were very satisfied, however the next day housekeeping didn't service the room. The room was available for cleaning at 1:00pm and we didn't return until 8:30pm. The front desk didn't have explanation for the oversight, and offered to have someone service it at 9:00pm.  We declined, as we needed check out at 5:00am the next morning.
We travel for pleasure about 6-8 times a year, and my husband does a tremendous amount of travel for business (2-4 times monthly, out of town). Generally we stay in Hilton properties, this was a first at a W Hotel.  Our time at the W was very disappointing, we will not stay at another one.So glad we decided to try the W.  Got lucky with a room upgrade through American Express to the WOW Suite.  It was a huge corner room.  Had a sitting area with a couch, two chairs, dinning table, TV, and mini bar.  Then the bedroom with another TV, and the bathroom was huge with a glass shower and big jacuzzi tub.  Not sure how the "standard" rooms are, but this one was perfect.  We could see half of the city!  All of the staff were very patient and helpful.  Great location across from Harah's Casino and a couple of blocks from Canal and Bourbon Street. We had room service from Zoe (only to use up our hotel credit) and the food was pretty good.  Cobb salad, swordfish, crab cakes and flan.  It lived up to the bad reviews When we went down to Zoe for breakfast the next morning.  Two eggs, potatoes, bacon and toast was $17 and tasted very ordinary.  Overall great hotel, especially if you get upgraded, nice staff and within walking distance to a lot of things.  OH, they even have car service that will take you anywhere within 6 miles.  Came in very handy during the rain.Do not stay here with high expectations! The room was dirty, the floor stained and bed side table was sticky. I requested that the room be cleaned thoroughly and was shocked 7 hours later that afternoon, the room was not cleaned. The same thing the next day, I had to call again to request the room be cleaned. There was a short apology for this as well as the malfunction with the safe (twice) and the iPod dock.  Fancy furniture and decor does not replace good service. The have a motto "Whatever, whenever. "  It's more like , "Whaatever....whenever we get around to it." Very disappointing, but the bed was comfortable and the location of the hotel was convenient.I stayed at this location on a Harrah's comp. Upon arrival (this was my first stay at this hotel) I was in awe! What an entrance they have! So serene.... but in a fancy way! I checked in at the front desk, then proceeded to the elevators to go to my room. My room was kind of small for the amount that they charge per night, but it was nice. I like the small touches. They had a bottle of wine with 2 wine glasses hanging on the wall (you have to pay for it of course), they had a mini-bar and they even brought me TWO mini fridge's upon request to keep the food I brought with me cool. The staff is very friendly here. The bar downstairs is very expensive but super chic with a major hipster vibe that they have going on up in there! It's nice to get kind of dressed up and go downstairs for drinks. Overall, I probably wouldn't pay the going rate to stay here, but on a comp I would definitely go again.i had a beautiful room, a nice view of the river, and easy access to the business district and the french quarter.
the staff, for the most part, embraced the whatever/whenever philosophy.
the lobby is gorgeous. there's free wifi and two computers set up in the corner if you didn't bring your own.
the gym, while decently equipped for a hotel gym, was a little too dark for my taste.
awesome beds! i slept pretty well for the most part -- it's amazing that you can still hear the occasional motorcycle drive by from the 22nd floor.Horrible experience at this hotel.  Room service is a joke (the salad was hot, the cheeseburger was cold, and it SSS all late);  the safe in my room didn't work, and the staff is clueless.   I understand that the pace is slower here but this is off the grid.This was my first experience staying at a W Hotel, and I'll admit that I was expecting better.  
The staff here is extremely friendly and it's in a convenient location.  Those are the two things this hotel has going for it.   Unfortunately, everything else about this place ranges from mediocre to pretty terrible:
Elevators: most of the weekend we were there, 2 out of 4 elevators were broken (they all seemed to be working on our 4th & final day there).  We were on one of the elevators and felt a sharp drop and a metal scraping sound just after getting in.  Luckily, we were able to get out and catch another car.  Also, you need to put your key card into the elevator cab to get it to take you to the right floor.  I was sober every time I rode that elevator and frequently had problems getting the cab to work.  Frequently, we rode on the elevators with people who were not so sober, and the key cards were extremely hard for them to get working on that elevator.  Cabs full of drunk or hung over people were frequently shooting up and down the hotel as they tried to get their cards to work.  It was ridiculous.
At first glance, the room was nice, but there were stains on the wall in the bathroom and the fabrics in the main living room were a bit threadbare.  We were missing a shower liner for the first 2 and a half days, and then the maid knocked on the door while we were resting in the afternoon and came in to add the liner while we were still there.  I'm not sure why the liner was missing in the first place.  In general, the room had grime and accumulated dust under the bed and behind the lamps on the side tables - it was kind of gross.
Maybe it's because of us being on the 23rd floor and close to the roof, but our room was NOISY.  There was a constant mechanical sound that eventually just faded into the background (but never went away).  We did have a nice view of downtown New Orleans, though.  
Despite the staff being nice, we would not stay here again.I want to be clear: these two stars are for the brave employees who are suffering through the complaints about construction and inferior rooms and booking confusion and my crazy family. The woman at the counter last night had to listen to drunk dudes complaining that she'd run out of Dasani, that the rooms were not well-appointed, and that his companion (who may or may not have been of the paid variety) couldn't take a bath. I just needed sheets, but was lucky enough to hear the employees being very patient through this spiel. 
But the construction is real, it's transitioning from being a W property, the parking fee is ludicrous, the bathroom was gross, and I would not choose it again. We got a great deal for our reunion, but I'd rather pay more for more (seriously, are clean sheets too much to ask for?). Boo.I'm a preferred member and this is by far the WORST W I've ever stayed at. The vents in the bathroom were full of dust & what looked like mold. The carpet had paint splatter on it. The toilet ran intermittently, I called maintenance who came out & fixed it... NOT. Anyways, the 2 stars is for the staff... they were awesome.
Lastly, there is NO reason to charge an arm & a leg for WI-FI when they're charging so much to stay there already.If the proof in the proverbial hotel pudding is the size of the room, this W would have the inside track over the other (Quarter) location: it's a comparatively sprawling property on Poydras, featuring all of the trappings one might rightly expect from a W Hotel - clean, upscale, often back-lit entrances and rooms, similarly modern and comfortable. 
As I was camped out here in anticipation of an event at nearby Capdeville, the W provided a solid launch pad for resting up before (and after the storm). As you might expect, there's plenty walkable here, and the staff (from those at the counter to the bellmen) were friendly in that NOLA-centric way that never comes off like a put on. I forget about that when I'm not here, and am always glad to recall what I've been missing. 
I did think that it was a little humorous that the room came with a card mentioning (politely, but still) that the hotel was meant to be a quiet, restful place and that they essentially reserved the right to toss you out for partying too loud. Heavens knows what had to happen to make that card necessary. Another successful stay down, I'm sure I'll be back around. Quietly, but with smiles in tow.Great location, just steps from the quarter.  Next to the casino and Mother's restaurant.  
Service was standard excellence for the W. 
Hotel had a musty smell, like a refurbished older hotel.
Rooms were a bit small.  Overall seemed a little less standard for typical W hotels, but we had a great stay.I absolutely loved the Whisky Bar would stay here again just for it.  The room was nice but not the cleanest.  This guy in the lobby name Hayward was very friendly and accomodating. 
Loved the location.Worst W ever. If you expect crisp service, avoid this hotel. Based on our experience today, we have agreed to not book W's in the future.
Our room was not ready, they could give no reason or ETA. We went to the bar and they had one bartender on duty the Saturday before Mardi Gras. What management team thought that was a good idea?
Bell men are the only useful team members.Run down
Dirty bathrooms + carpets 
They don't replace your robes.
1 reception attendee
No concierge at desk 
Thin walls.. Hear everyone going down the hall. Upstairs and side neighbors coming in the middle of the night with ladies of the night....
Gym is humid and slippery + old equipment.
W used to be cool and now just another cheap hotel. 
I guess if you pay under $200, that's what you get...This was a great hotel centrally located to a lot of places I wanted to visit. The time I went was rather warm and humid which didn't serve me too well during my run in the Crescent City Classic.
I stayed for 6 nights and requested a room with a view or a higher level. I didn't get it but it's fine since I figured it was not available seeing how I stayed a long time. (You think they want me to be more satisfied..) Overall, everything was comfortable, I requested I did not want maid service during midstay but my request was obviously ignored. I liked the hotel overall which allowed me to access the pool and gym 24 hours a day. Seeing how I wasn't adjusted nor did I want to adjust to the timezone, I made use of my downtime and spent it there. 
At checkout there was one rather rude front desk agent that assisted me. I felt as if I was looked down upon (I am short but I don't mean it literally!). I admit I wasn't dressed professionally or anything but it was hot, humid, so I just wore swim trunks and a tshirt and he gave me attitude for things I requested. The person who has helped behind me after I left was treated with a lot more respect. I may be quick to judge on this but checkout was not the best experience at this Starwood property.
Aside from the Hotel in general, check out the bar downstairs closer to front desk. For the most part, the bartenders are great people! Natalie was probably my favorite one! She could actually carry a conversation (go figure), not to mention she was pretty attractive as well!
Yes, I would come back here. I think I just had one of the off days due to the check out process.Unfortunately this W hotel just doesn't make the cut. It is unlike any other W hotel I have stayed in. Tired. Dirty. Nothing to give it the "wow" factor that you come to expect from W. 
We checked in for 3 nights. Should have left and gone to the other W or the Sheraton down the street. 
Night 1 was definitely an experience I'd rather not repeat. Bath tub was stained, vents were full of dust and looked like they hadn't been cleaned in a month. Weird chaise in the room was also stained. Called the front desk to ask for extra pillows but there were none available. Next morning went to have a shower and there was no hot water. They sent someone up to fix it, but we had a tour booked and didn't have time to wait-so a cold shower it was. Yuck.
Asked to change rooms and was told at the front desk that this wouldn't be a problem, then dealt with another staff member who challenged me on why we wanted to move. 
Was eventually told that they second room would be an upgrade, but it looked the same to me. 
At least it was cleaner and the hot water worked!I stayed here a couple weeks ago.  The hotel itself is very nice but our group had a couple problems.  We had 3 rooms, I checked in and mine had large water spots near the bed.  Someone else in my party had a dirty bathroom and requested a room change.  The staff was very appologetic but there is no way to change a first impression like that.  The hotel bar on the second floor closed very early and wasn't that impressive. The first floor bar was open later but much more of a club atmosphere.I like W's, and the lobby & location are very good.  I really enjoyed the pool cabana, which had a tv, private phone, and ceiling fan.
But the room, as others have noted, was a little meh.  Not terrible, but not the wow moment when you enter the room.  And we received a fax but no one left us a message or brought it to our room.
The worst thing was the food.  Really, it's a crime how bad it is.  Everything was late.  No one knew how to make ice coffee (!?), the worst grilled cheese I ever had, tasting micro-waved & mushy (and an hour late).  We unfortunately ordered again late night--cookies were store bought & bread tasted like wonder bread.  Seriously, W, get it together in the kitchen!  blech.
But the staff took off half my food bill, and other staff were very helpful & nice.I like this W better than the one in TimesSquare.  The layout is a lot better with good places to hide and more of a big hotel feel.  The lobby bar is perfect to relax after a long day touring all over Nawlins.  You wouldn't know the area was deep in water about 2 years back.  I went last November in 06 and the area was in good shape.  Check out the club-bar but be sure to dress up or else you won't feel welcome.  That means no hoodies and tees, they treat a night out with more sophistication than LA does.
I gave the price range: $$ because you'll get about two drinks for just around $30 bucks if you order specials.Unfortunately, this hotel is in bad need of an update (which was already underway during our stay, and the loud construction noises they were making in the afternoon made it hard to take a nap after our 6-hour drive from Houston). The front desk explained that they'll be turning it into a Le Meridien since the hotel is currently not up to W Hotel standards, and sadly they're right.
Our room (with two queen size beds) was quite small, and the bathroom hadn't been cleaned very well. We had a view of the rooftop pool and the fitness center, but otherwise the amenities were pretty sparse. THEY DON'T EVEN PROVIDE FREE WI-FI!!! 
It's a good location if you're planning on gambling at Harrah's, but only okay if you're planning to get to the French Quarter since it's a longer walk. It's 2 blocks away from Canal Street and the streetcars, but we never used them anyway. There were only a few restaurants of note in the immediate surroundings, like Mother's and maybe Gordon Biersch. The rest were mostly hotel restaurants which I tend to avoid, so definitely plan to walk to Canal Street or to the French Quarter if you want more interesting restaurant choices.
All in all, it's a decent hotel but pretty disappointing if you're expecting it to be like the other W Hotels.This is my 3rd stay at this "W" and I'm sorry to say that this particular hotel no longer lives up to the standard that W is known for.
Checked in and was given an old smoking room - front desk changed it with a smile so no problem there.
The next room had no Internet...! I called "whatever/whenever" and was transferred to an outside company (???) and was placed on hold for 15 min only to be told that the entire hotel was without Internet. It happens, I know, but you would think the Whatever/Whenever guy had been told.
AC was very noisy - it was 39F outside (yes in NOLA) and when addressed to the front desk they said it would get fixed - it didn't.
Bathroom was not clean - "green slime" around the faucet that I could wipe away with a tissue so obviously missed by housekeeping.
Returned to my room at 5:15pm after a long day at a conference wanting to freshen up before a dinner appointment - and (you guessed it) the room had not been cleaned yet. 
Went to the front desk and requested it to be taken care of which they said they would immediately - told them that I would  be in the bar if they could come get me when it was done... And the answer from the receptionist was "oh they don't tell me when it is done, just come back when you want to use your room" (which I already freaking paid for). Again not the response I had expected from the W...
Am I being too picky?  mind you I have spent hundreds of nights in hotel rooms all over the place - but surely this was not expected from a W...!Location was great - easy to get to the French Quarter, close enough to trolley and bus stops but without being in the thick of the crowds. Pool and lobby area were nice and well kept, Bliss bathroom products are great, and staff was friendly and helpful. 
Unfortunately, like the other reviews stated, the building itself is pretty bad.  Rooms are very tight (had trouble opening the door to our room without having to step into the bathroom).  Walls are incredibly thin - could hear our neighbors' entire conversations.  They also played music starting at about 7 am when they were just getting in from gambling all night at the casino (which is right next door).  Our coffee maker was broken, the iron was unusable (old and had sticky stuff all over it) and the hotel still charges for wireless use (there are 2 computers and a printer in the lobby but still have to pay for internet use down there as well).   
Bottom line, great location with friendly staff but don't plan on spending lots of time at the hotel.  And if you manage to have considerate neighbors, you should have a completely acceptable time at this hotel.THERE'S ABSOLUTELY NO Reason to write a long, deep explanation on this hotel. It's currently being remodeled and will become Le Meridien. Very soon. 
It really deserves 2 stars but I added one more because the Front Desk Staff are pretty durn great! I stayed here this past weekend for the On The Run Tour, Jay Z and Beyonce. So, it got really crowded on Sunday. Long lines at the front desk, slow elevators, no parties in the hotel. Just blah. 
Likes: LOCATION!! Directly across from Harrahs, RiverWalk. Front Desk Staff. Decor in the lobby area. 
Not so Likable: The weird angle in the entrance. Just stupid. The lighting in the rooms are horrible. 8 girls all complained. The full body mirror is covered at the bottom because of the bed. Freakin stupid man. Put it somewhere else. 
Recommendation- Come here with your spouse or significant other. The space in the room is limited. So, the rooms are better suited for couples. Not for a girls weekend!I have to qualify my review as we did not stay there, however, it was the first W Hotel we ever visited.
We were down in New Orleans and were waiting for our shuttle to pick us up to go back to our hotel.  Not knowing what a W was (this was in 2000), our curiosity got the best of us.  We walked into what I have to say is the coolest hotel lobby I've ever seen.  Since I worked as a Travel Agent and had spent a lot of time touring hotel lobbies, that is saying a lot.  It was not overdone, but rather had an air of hip intimacy with scented candles and low, plushy seats.  This was a good usage of a relative small space (no need for the typical marble or granite fountains and potted plants).  The atmosphere was a comfortable cool.  The bar was, Whiskey Blue I beleive, was pretty cool too.
The W chain has grown since then.  We've now got 2 here in Chicago.  This is a trend that I have to say is a good trend.Was in New Orleans for work and spent the night at the W.   I've stayed at a number of W's across the US and this one is by far in need of some updating.   While my stay was ok - everything seems old and outdated  
The wherever button on the phone never worked - always got a busy signal.  Room service was on time but my order was not 100% accurate.   The fitness room had a great selection of machines and seemed to be more updated than the rest of the hotel.  
Would I stay here again?  If you are looking for a Starwood property, sure.  But I bet there are more modern places in town.Great hotel. We received a really nice suite for a five day stay.  The front desk was professional, the room was a nice size, strangely laid out, but nice for working and then relaxing. I love Bliss, so I was quite blissed out with a bag full of toiletries for the next year. We even indulged and watched a few dvds on the flat screen tv.
The bar was meh, the free coffee in the morning was great and getting all three papers - NYT, Times Picayune and the pseudopaper, the USA Today was a nice touch.  Oh, also free internet in the lobby was great, even if someone was printing out her doctoral dissertation during peak business hours. The concierge helped me print out one page and gave me a great recommendation for a king cake bakery.
Loved it.
Great location if you are at the convention center.I have stayed at a number of 4-5 star hotels and by far this has been the worst. Went during essence festival....for lack of a better word it was "ratchet". I would expect a lot better from the W hotel. I have stayed at others and they were very nice.The rooms were basically dirty, outdated rooms, and smelled like mildew. W hotel New Orleans you need to improve. I come to New Orleans once per year. Won't be staying here again.Was there for a wedding in NOLA this past weekend.  We occupied about 20 rooms for 3-4 nights.
I'll be nice and start with the positives:
- Decor was nice
- Location was very convenient
- Staff was friendly
OK... That's where it ends.  Here's the bad:
- Wallpaper peeling in my bathroom
- Toilet doesn't flush solid waste/toilet paper (several other friends had the same problem too)
- Housekeeping left dirty glasses in our room for the entire 3 days
- A couple other friends had no cleaning for 3 days and had to go to the front desk for fresh towels.
- It took them about an hour to; Make the beds, clean the bathroom, bring in fresh towels, and empty the trash... easily only a 20 minute job.
- Lobby rugs were filthy - and not just dirt.  Try cigarette butts and trash on the rugs.
- And room service?  Don't even bother.  Times ranged from an hour to 2 hours with various people in our group and the costs?  one mufaletta sandwich (which consisted of three 2-inch 'sliders' with one THIN piece of ham, turkey and cheese and some fries was, by the time it got to my room, $22.88
I've stayed in W Hotels before and had good experiences.  Not here.  I'd have done better at a Motel 6.I'm surprised by the negative reviews. Man, I loved this place. I stayed in one of the corner suites on the top floor and the views were terrific. Got to watch these beautiful sunsets over the Garden District or whatever it is. I liked the little bar in the lobby. The location was fantastic. I was going to some convention and it was just a short walk to the convention center, but then it's also just a couple blocks to the French Quarter. I appreciate it not actually being *in* the French Quarter because that place gets obnoxious. Good concierge. Valet was prompt with the car. I had a completely positive experience.This is the worst hotel experience I have ever dealt with. The valet service killed the battery in our truck, and they tried to "fix it" themselves rather than tell us. This resulted in a bill because it killed the battery after they finally got it jumped off and it died on us once we got home (a dead cell) and a rental car while it was in the shop (plus leaving us standing outside for over an hour. The manager said he would write off the valet charges. He did not. (44 bucks a day). Then I got double billed! It took five calls for housekeeping service. The one time we needed our truck (a trip to the hospital no less) we gave up waiting and had to take a cab. The manager of the hotel, Joseph , did not call me back for over two weeks, and sent me a very rude email saying he would not cover the valet or the battery for the truck they were responsible for. Natalie at corporate offered me a hundred dollar certificate to drop it. This is a 230 night hotel.   
Rebecca Parnell3 stars is very appropriate.
Let me lay the decision tree out:
Are you a starwood preferred guest?
If yes, well the Sheraton is right down the street.
If no, become one, and stay at the Sheraton right down the street.
It's just a sad little hotel unlike any other W Hotel I've ever stayed at. It's a Steakum -- it's not quite real steak. Sad gym, sad pool, sad decor, sad creepy chaise in my room. The customer service is friendly and polite, and the food at Zoe was lovely, so I'll give them that. But if you're looking for an amazing room whether it be for a special occasion, or a home away from home -- this ain't it.There are so many other wonderful places to stay in the city.  Please don't waste your time with the W hotel.  
I stayed at this location due to the close proximity, and reasonable rates, to the French Quarter.  However, it would be worth your time to invest more money and have a better experience.  
On the first night the toilet in the room was not working and when we called the front desk we were told someone would fix it.  After waiting around for over 45 minutes we decided to walk around the city.  Unfortunately, we did not know that they would not resolve the issue if we did not press it. The following morning was when we finally had maintenance come to fix the toilet.  Only to find out the toilet would break again.  We eventually had to use the toilet in the lobby due to poor room conditions and a non functioning toilet in our room. 
Additionally, after checking out with a zero balance bill I reviewed my credit card statement to find out they put a charge onto my card.  When I called the hotel they stated they would put a refund on my card.  Almost a month and a half later I am still battling with these charges. 
This hotel is definitely not worth the hassles.  I would seek out a better hotel chain that puts customer service and hotel quality first.I like the location of this W Hotel because it's very close to the French quarter which is about a 10 minute walk away.  We paid about $250 per night to stay at this hotel.  Parking cost $35 per night as well.  If you plan on taking the shuttle you need to be sure to book it right away because it gets full very fast since its free.  The rooftop pool is on the fourth floor and it is a little small, but the cabanas are actually really nice.  They have beds and nice lounge chairs to lay on.  The gym is also on the same level as the rooftop pool, and it is kind of small.
I thought this W Hotel might be comparable to a W Hotel in San Francisco or Los Angeles.  It's not because normally I would rate the W Hotel as having 4 1/2 stars.  This W Hotel has everything other W Hotels have but just on a much smaller scale.  The room was not very big, and it felt a little cramped inside.  There is also only 1 bar inside the hotel on the first floor.
Thanks,
Robert AltmillerI've stayed at the W New Orleans on a couple of occasions. The proximity to the Quarter and easy access to the Garden District, make a good place for connecting to the work I find myself doing in New Orleans. The hotel is not, however, one of the top places in the city. It is a fine hotel for a business traveler who needs the convenience of a centrally located (downtown) hotel - but it falls short on some of the "charm" that other New Orleans hotels provide to tourists. When I come back to the city with my family, I will not stay here . . . but, for business trips - it suits my needs just fine.All W Hotels are pretty swanky so  I expected much of the same at the NOLA location.  A sexy, modern decor, with low lighting, you know the scene.  You can always find the beautiful people in the lounge at any given W.I expected a lot more from a W hotel. The lobby is fine, the staff is very nice and the location is pretty convenient. But the rooms are old and run down- quite frankly the bathroom was pretty filthy. Our room was cleaned only on the second day but I'm pretty certain she didn't do anything except make the bed and drop off towels (someone knocked on our door the first day at about 3 pm but we were getting ready for the wedding were were in town for). Definitely would not stay here again.Not the best hotel I've stayed at. It's a bit old and the inbetween process from the W Hotel to a Le Meridan hotel is very confusing because the current name for the hotel is Hotel New Orleans. The hotel restaurant was not good, the rooms weren't as nice as other W hotels I've been to.We stayed at the W New Orleans in Feb 11 and had a great experience.  
First, I had made an error with my reservation, and they were quick to correct it for me - not sure it this can be attributed directly to the W or Starwood, but solid customer service in my eyes.
Check in was smooth, and the rooms were very nice as you would expect from a W.  The only issue with the room, was one of the lights was leaving a burn mark on the lamp shade, but within 5 minutes of the call downstairs maintenance was on the scene with a new lamp. Again well done!
The only thing that prevent me from a 5 star rating was the atrocious valet service. 15 minutes to just drop off a car and then it was a 30 minute wait  while leaving. 
Overall would stay again, but would account for the valet time.I seem to spend a lot of time at the W. I love the atmosphere. Nice set-up, the lobby looks great and set up definitely for a lounge experience.   Love Whiskey Blue and Zoe inside of the hotel. I have always have great food and amazing drinks both places. Zoe is where I discovered my love for Sangria from their wonderful bartenders.
I went to an event today at the W. Great huge conference rooms, perfect for any events and meetings with ability to see the stage from literally anywhere in the room. Three bars were set-up (AT 3PM) pouring healthy portions of drinks, which is VERY important to me. Friendly staff and always willing to stop and talk with you for a minute or answer questions. I definitely love holding and attending events at the W.Really great experience. The staff was always in a positive mood and always willing to help you. I might sound like a commercial or paid endorsement but that was actually the truth. Each went out of there way and had a smile doing it. This was really refreshing as it doesn't always happen at hotels. 
The room was cozy and clean and I had no complaints there. My only reason to grip was the slow internet. It was included since I am a club member but I would have been upset if I had to pay. Basic websites were taking a very long time to load. I didn't do a speed test but know there needs to be some updates on their infrastructure. 
Get that fixed and this hotel will be first class.I would not recommend anyone stay here.  The hotel is dirty, in need of maintenance, and noisy.
The room carpet was dirty and covered with various stains.  The furniture is dingy and covered with dust.  Room service items and litter remain in the hallways for hours if not days.  Paint is chipping, strange odors fill the hallways, and -- despite the no smoking policy -- you'd think the rooms were smoking rooms.  The thin room walls reveal everything about your neighbors.  
The one highlight is the helpful, if not polished staff.  Front desk staff changed my room without issue and answered any question I had promptly.  Hotel security promptly responded to a loud argument going on in a nearby room at 4 am and appeared to resolve the issue.  
I have never stayed in a W hotel until now, and I will not stay in a W hotel after this experience.  An extremely disappointing stay.For an expensive hotel that is off the path for party goers in New Orleans I had expected a very nice place for my husband and I to spend an upscale evening before staying closer to Bourbon St. Unfortunately we stayed in a "Wonderful" room instead of a "Spectacular" room. The difference between the two (FYI) is that the wonderful are closer to the ground and spectacular are higher up in this 23 story hotel.
If you stay in one of the rooms closer to the ground floor (we were on 7) don't expect to have a place to rest after you're done partying. The party poolside continues until around 2am and is so loud with the yelling and bass thumping that it is almost impossible to sleep.
The beds are very comfortable but for the price you'd expect an oasis instead of a loft above a club. I also would not recommend room service because it takes a long time and they add about 25% to the cost just to deliver it. Better to avoid Zoë altogether and run down to the French Quarter and experience real New Orleans cuisine for about half the price of their in house restaurant, Zoë.
That said, the hotel is beautiful and you definitely feel like you are treated like royalty. Just don't go there to sleep!Had a very pleasant time at this hotel.
Located perfectly for good times in French quarter.  About a block off canal street on the other side of Harrahs Casino.
You can walk anywhere and then return to your room without all the noise.
The staff from the valet to the front desk was  very friendly.
The rooms are little small but nicely done.
I would return to this hotel.
My biggest tip is don't order room service:
Cost+24% service charge+9.75%tax+$4 delivery charge.  a salad could cost you $3000.00If you're under 25 and you plan to spend your entire time in New Orleans drunk, you'll probably enjoy it. Its like sleeping in a nightclub. But if you're actually sober, all you'll experience is a lame facelift on an outdated hotel and a disorganized staff. Not a service focused hotel and not recommended for the experienced traveler.A nice hotel but in need of some upgrades mainly in the bathroom. We had problems turning off the faucet in the tub.  It is a little run down for W standards. The location is close to the action and Harrahs is right across the street if you're  in the mood for some gambling. It is also close to the port which is a nice starting or ending place if you are taking a cruise.We stayed here 12/24-12/25 so the hotel wasn't particularly busy.  I wish I had read the previous reviews before I booked this hotel!!!!  The property is run down, rooms are grungy, walls grimey, worn bedding etc...not luxurious as described on the website!  This property is not the standard clean, crisp W Hotel most of their properties seem to be!  Maid service was non-existant!  We returned from a wonderful Christmas afternoon dinner in the Quarter only to find our room hadn't been touched.  I went down to the desk and inquired as to why there was no service and they offered me Starwood points.  That just didn't seem fair and I told them so.  The nice girl at the front desk then offered to comp one day of my valet parking which I thought was nice.  When we checked out the 26th I asked for a copy of my bill and was told it would be emailed to me later that morning.  Big mistake not reviewing it on site before we left because not only was one night of valet parking not comped but they overcharged me and charged me for 3 nights of parking instead of the 2 we were there.  I've asked to be credited back to no avail, they just DON'T CARE!!!!!  I'm done with W Hotels forever!  Save some money and stay at the Renaissance Arts Hotel 2 blocks down the street instead, it's much nicer, cleaner and they have an amazing attentive staff!I have never written a negative review before. That being said, I would say that I am not one of those people that expects a lot when it comes to hotel stays regardless of price or rating. A good bed, a clean room, that's about it. I will just let the below speak for itself. Thankfully, we had a great group of girls, great food and a good reason to celebrate (my bff's bachelorette party). The hotel was our only challenge of the weekend, otherwise, NOLA did not disappoint. Again to re-iterate, we were there for a good time, were hardly in the rooms except to sleep (not a lot) and shower.
1st day check in- My 2 rooms were not ready. I had timed my arrival with check in time. Was told that platinum members were in my rooms and that they wouldn't be checking out until 4. Rooms were ready a little after 5 I believe. Didn't complain. Didn't want to start things off on the wrong foot and it was Jazz fest weekend so I knew it was busy and I figure that everyone deserves the benefit of a little margin for error.
Actual room upon arrival: Shower wouldn't drain. Called front desk and asked them to address while we were at dinner. Other girls concerned about quality of carpet and room uncleanliness. I was in too much of a hurry to worry about this at this time. 
Second day, shower still not draining. Literally to the point of almost running over. Called front desk again to notify. Asked that sheets be changed in second room due to fact that some girls would be changing rooms when we checked into our third room for the weekend that evening. Speaking of third room, not ready upon check in time and girls had to wait. Dinner res had to be moved back significantly do to this & fact that once again shower had still not been addressed. 
Shower finally fixed Friday evening after speaking with mgmt mult times (over several hrs) & one of our guests actually going down & speaking with both housekeeping mgr and hotel mgmt about room cleanliness. These two staff members came to one of rooms for their own inspection and were also disappointed in cleanliness of room. Voiced the fact that they were very concerned about satisfaction of what would turn out to be 10 total guests for weekend. Was promised SPG points (these which I received) & a price reduct. to overall hotel stay. Mgmt was very nice at this point and (finally) appropriately concerned. Sheets were not changed, housekeeping argued that they had been but little did they know, we had actually marked sheets. 
On Saturday, we had same run in over sheets. Hate to harp on this, but I had three rooms total for weekend (which I booked on MY credit card, therefore I felt responsible for my friends disappointments & frustrations) and some of our group came for 1 night, two nights & three nights. Understandable that when one girl left for weekend & another arrived, you would want clean sheets right? I didn't really get frustrated until our second day of this when HSK finally arrived and employee stated (rudely) " I am here to change your sheets again." Sheets were marked, it was not "again." We were in hurry so I didn't say anything. I did speak with night desk person that night upon returning about our issues. She was very nice and promised to award me 8K SPG for our issues. During this long conversation, my friend was standing against front desk counter listening, near a very pretty orchid arrangement. A male staff member comes up to her, taps her on the shoulder and tells her to move and "you break it, you buy it." We, along with desk person, just kind of stared at him in disbelief. What does one say to that?
Got back to our room (which we left after "again" sheet changing episode). Stumbled over something in door. Looked down. Someone (?) had returned our dirty sheets. Yes, our dirty sheets were just sitting in floor right inside door upon our return and they were not there when we left. This was a pretty big slap in the face considering no one even said anything when housekeeper came into room and was rude about changing sheets.
This was approx 3 weeks ago. I stayed this past weekend in a Starwood hotel that was 1/4 of the price and was hands down a better experience. Our stay was absolutely not on par with a 4 star hotel, maybe not even a 2 star. Concierge was amazing. Hotel mgmt were very pleasant to speak to even though repeated problems were not addressed promptly. Only received discount on 1 room for 1 night and did not receive SPG points that were promised by night person on Saturday night. Again I hated to write a negative review but again I would not want others to have this experience. 
My family owns a business. We are only successful and able to function due to our customers. I was not treated like a customer or guest during this stay. Staff treated us like they were simply doing us a favor by letting us stay there. 
Age of building, size of rooms and ability to hear conversations in other rooms were also concerns.This W Hotel has seen better days.  The rooms do not conform to the typical W standards and the lobby had a very odd smell.  I did not stay here overnight (was here for a party in one of the "Marvelous Suites"), but the building and rooms had a very ragged feel.  Granted, it is New Orleans, but I would not pay the typical W prices at this place.This hotel has great promise - good location, good affiliation with Starwood and remodeling to be a Le Meridien. Unfortunately they fell far short. We understood that the lobby, restaurant and bars were still under construction which we could live with. Supposedly the rooms were done but frankly they wasted their money. The doors rattled every time someone on your part of the hotel closed their door and there was a lot of noise that was heard from the hallways and adjacent rooms. The rooms are fairly small and our bathroom was tiny.  We had to call for items including toilet paper that should have been in supply in the room. Housekeeping even came in n one day without knocking- never had that happen before.The bed was great, but nothing else lived up to our expectations.  Our shower broke the first day, and the maid service really didn't clean the room or replace our towels.  It was really disappointing, ESPECIALLY FOR THE PRICE.Great atmosphere.  Great location from the convention center. Great service. A few hiccups...wake up calls ran 15 minutes late, meaning I ran late for my meetings..... Be sure to set a back up alarm. 
Average room service with a small selection. Pricey internet.
A little subpar than what I've come to expect from W Hotels.They need an update of the rooms yesterday. Dirty walls, dirty floors and just a little tired looking. Step it up StarwoodArranged travel for my film crew. When we arrived at the Hotel New Orleans, we were shocked to see what we saw; a hallway-width of lobby. Dusty industrial plastic sheeting paired with construction noises. No hotel restaurant or real bar to host our clients, have team meals, or cheers morale boosting drinks. Crawling internet that prevented us from loading location photos or reviewing casting videos. The need to call multiple times for a single pot off coffee or a pitcher of water. Rooms in corners with four entrances that force you to hear everything that is going outside your door. I could go on and on. Even as it becomes a Delfina it is an unfriendly hotel for production or any business company due to terrible wifi, slow valet (I have an email claiming 15 minutes is the average to get your car and they argue it is fair), and a horrible room layout.
The biggest kicker is that i signed a contract and their contract says that the hotel should notify of any construction. Was I? Not at all. Any legal experts out there have an opinion?
Will never go again and will no longer send my team to Delfinas.Awesome people and close to Harrahs casino.I'm so glad my wife found a package deal for a hotel through JetBlue that somehow included a four night stay here, plus airfare for two, all for about $2,000.
This is a very nice hotel, that is worth way more than whatever we paid per night (I'm too lazy to do the math of subtracting the airfare and dividing by four to figure that out).
They have an awesome gym for a hotel, with plenty of equipment and several treadmills and cardio machines, which is key for the non-stop eating that goes on in this town, since there is nothing else to do. They also have a really nice outdoor pool right next to the gym.
The other really great thing about this W is that it's in a perfect location. It's about a five minute walk to the French Quarter, the  only really good area for tourists on a short visit, but it is far enough away that you don't have to deal with the drunkenness and insanity of Bourbon Street. Also, it is right across the street from the awesome local spot, Mother's Restaurant. That place is always packed, so given the convenience of its proximity to the hotel, we passed by it several times and were able to decide to go on the few occasions when we noticed a much shorter line.
I definitely wouldn't mind staying here again if I found myself back in New Orleans sometime for some reason.I'm just completing a 1-night Sat stay here. (Friday night was at the Westin.)
But based on my experience at this W, I would say it's more like your "typical" city W's. Lobby experience... typical guest crowd at their lobby bars... happening destination on a Saturday night. I've stayed at the W FQ about a month ago, and that is more on the "non-traditional" W's. (I like both W's but for different reasons.)
Platinum amenities at W NO include:
    * 2 complimentary Fiji water bottles in room
    * complimentary coffee on 2nd floor
    * choice of pts or in-room movie at check-in
    * chance to get upgraded
SPG app on my iPhone showed I was upgraded to Cool Corner room. At check-in, front desk stated I'd be in a Spectacular room. So I asked what happened - which was better? She then moved me to a different Cool Corner room, as all the suites were "taken" due to 2 weddings in-house. (The TV display of events did not show any weddings...) oh well.
19th floor. 1917. Room was fine for 1 night, but PALED in comparison to the mega-mega suite I was upgraded the night before at the Westin.
Typical W decor. Bed super comfortable... wish I could have slept more. Small windows in room, with limited & obstructed view of the river.
There are a total of 3 bars on property: Lobby Bar & Whiskey Blue (both managed by Gerber Group... and happening) and the Zoe bar on 2nd floor (managed by Starwood). Zoe was pretty dead, but Whiskey Blue had some loud music and good group of people inside. As a solo traveler, I just had cocktail in the Lobby bar and dined at the bar in Zoe.
Valet parking $29. Friendly attendants.
Kobe burger and fries for dinner at Zoe bar - - $19, ok. Service was great though. $17 Bayou Benedict for breakfast in Zoe restaurant - - small portion, kinda blah, and overpriced for what you get (my 2c). Also kinda annoying that coffee is $4, when guests are drinking the complimentary coffee 3 steps away from my table.
Would I stay here again? Sure.
Not really sure which SPG property I prefer in NOLA.... either the Westin for the upgrade potential and close proximity OR the charm and quaintness (& good food at Bacco) at WFQ.Great hotel. Nice location and look out for deals. It's only a couple blocks from bourbon street.
Service was great. Everyone was very helpful. 
Valet is 40 bucks a day. It's pretty close to how much parking is around. Better than getting any parking tickets. 
The ameneties are nice. The pool is on the small side; but it's on the higher floor. There's also a bar that's open til 3:30am on Saturday nights.First, the only reason this hotel gets a 2 is because of the location.  It is across from Harrahs, and very close to the French Quarter.  Regardless the noise (no not in the lobby which I expect), in the rooms is ridiculous.  We had a suite in the corner (Rm 1822 to be exact), and I could hear everything in the other rooms.  No not just blaring music, but also simple conversations in those rooms.  It was mind blowing.  Especially at 4 am when they all came back and it sounds like a circus in your room.  The service was meh honestly, as the whatever whenever phones were always busy or no one picked up and it wasn't even a busy season.  All said and done, the hotel brand is tarnished with this location.While the staff was super nice and as helpful as they could be, this hotel - for the price - was simply not good in terms of amenities. 
Firstly - the cost of the room service menu items is absurdly overpriced. My bill for breakfast - eggs, toast, bacon, coffee and juice came to about $50 after all the extra fees they sneak in... $50 for a basic breakfast.
The hotel is going through renovations. It would be better just to close or offer discounts during this time because it seems to make the stay for most guests here more inconvenient than need be. There were drilling sounds in my room from 9am. One night they were waxing or cleaning the lobby the floors around 11pm and you could barely get by - all the lobby furniture piled up all over the place - kind of just weird and annoying. 
No mini bar. No water bottles in the room. My room smelled disgusting like cigarette smoke...there was a stain on the sheets... and when I asked to switch they could only place me in a smaller room with a smaller bed. 
There are no vending machines and the bar hours are ridiculously inconvenient. They opened at 5 yesterday. This means you can't even get a coke without going through room service. 
Wifi also kind of slow. 
Only decent thing is it's in a convenient location. Also the gym is decent and the pool area is nice, though small.Me giving the W a two star rating is so unusual...but here we are. 
Why the lackluster rating Christy?  Well, this is probably, but far, the most disappointing W that I have ever stayed at.
The staff were friendly enough, the location was decent, but the rooms were absolutely not up to the W standard that you would assume.
There were so many things that just screamed a lack of upkeep - and quite frankly, if I had paid the nightly rate of this room (I used points) I would have been even more miffed.
Paper thin walls - we had a rowdy group of gals in the room next to us and could hear EVERYTHING, down to the last whisper. 
Air/Heating unit sounded like there was a miniature person inside with a giant sledgehammer - every time the unit turned on, it sounded like someone was banging something heavy inside it.  All I can say is, thank GOD I had earplugs because I woudn't have slept at all between the gals next door and this thing!
The lounge chair and bed skirt had many stains that terrified me.  I'm sure the folks on CSI would have a field day with that blue light thingy they use...ick!
Then there was the bathroom...the only thing nice I can say is that at least the towels were new and clean...there was one light out, the legs of the vanity were rusted, the toilet was old and actually broke...and then to make matters worse...the city turned off the water...
I would not stay at this hotel again, and would pick something in the French Quarter over this hot mess.  I hope that management does something to bring this property back up to meet the typical W standard.Lovely hotel - well located - away from the craziness of the French Quarter, but close enough to get involved if you like. Staff were exceptional and rooms were well appointed.  Bathrooms were a little small and all had shower over bath.  Pool area is nice with lovely lounges and cabanas though the pool itself is very small and can quickly be overrun with children on weekends.
Internet is available for free in the lobby only (30 minutes at a time).  Everywhere else is at a charge, and quite expensive in my opinion.  Many hotels in the French Quarter offer free internet and at $14,95 for 24 hours - the W was a little steep.  However the lobby is quite comfortable so not too inconvenient just to hang out there and check emails and facebook.
One big problem.  The connecting rooms can be very noisy and are not very well insulated. I had to move.  The first room had a family of five next door and was like they were in my room.  I moved, only to be next door to a couple who were partying in their room and played music and again, was like I was right there with them.  I guess it depends on who your neighbour is.  If its someone quiet - you won't have a problem, but would suggest you ask for a room that is not connecting when you make your booking.I love New Orleans, but the W brand of hotels just doesn't do it for me, and the whole place reeks pretentious hipster (things like calling the valet area "wheels"). The staff, while nice, had a few issues following through with simple requests (namely maintenance doing their job, such as the room key working which took 4 requests!) and the in-room safe being repaired (which was never accomplished). Indeed, their "whatever, whenever" moto lived up to that!
The best feature was the bed, very soft sheets and pillows. Otherwise, nothing special. I'd suggest staying somewhere on St Charles or  west of The Quarter (the further the better). It'd cost less and be a lot more authentic an experience (unless you just have to go to Bourbon Street every single day).I had an overall decent stay at the W over Christmas weekend. The hotel reminds me of a faded rose, once beautiful and crisp and now a bit wilted and dusty.  The lobby and "living room" areas are attractive and contemporary.  
I had a great room with an excellent view of the river.  I loved the furnishings.  The room was kind of dusty and a bit dirty. Maybe it had not been used in a while.   Besides refilling towels and products, the housekeepers only cleaned the room once during my four day stay here.
The staff was very accomodating, especially the bartendress on the second level.  She was my favorite thing about the hotel.  
I ate in the restaurant only once, and once was enough.  They had one server for the entire restaurant.  During the meal I ate there, the server had at least 13 tables.  I felt sorry for the poor guy. To make matters worse for him, as we were leaving, I heard a big table 12-13 people ask for separate checks...Doooh!   I know it was Christmas but they should have expected a bigger crowd since nothing was open that day except restaurants in the various hotels.  
I love the music they play in the lobby and elevators.  You feel like you are in a "cool" place.
Great location right across the street from Harrahs, convenient to French Quarter and CBD.We were in New Orleans for the first time with 2 small kids, We booked our 3 nights stay at the W thru SPG website, we could not be happier.  Traveling with kids is never easy but we cannot imagine traveling without the kids either.  
Despite all the negatives mentioned here on yelp, we found our stay there very pleasant, attentive and satisfying.  We just came back from another Starwood property  (Le Meridien in Bangkok) and we must admit although the property may not be as new as some other properties, but they are running this place right.  Anywhere from the hotel bar, check in counter, parking crews, W insider to the driver from the Accura Experience.  
The location of the W hotel is nearly perfect, we were a few blocks away from the French Quarter, next door to Harrahs casino for those sleepless nights, next door to mother's restaurant for their wonderful biscuits and bloody mary in the morning.  We were two blocks away from the Mississippi river and the Riverwalk indoor market.  There's a cafe Du Monde inside the Riverwalk, a little less crowded than the one at French Market, you can even sit outside by the river and watch the ships go by with a cafe and freshly made beignets.  
The hotel has a wonderful pool and workout area, unfortunately it was a bit too cold to take advantage of the pool.  The hotel bar made wonderful margaritas and other cocktails.  The hotel concierge was helpful with the suggestions to restaurants and arranging the Accura experience service.  Bryan at the W insider helped with reservation at the Nola restaurant.  Cannot say enough about the other wonderful staff at the property either.  
The room was nicely decorated, we had a suite so the separate living room/bedroom  made it easier for us to accommodate the kids.  The view of the mississippi river was wonderful and relaxing.   
We would love to return to this hotel next time we are traveling back to this lovely city.  
MKI usually like the reliability of W Hotels. I was shocked at the inconsistency here. 
PROS:  The service at the front desk/bell/concierge desk were great. Hotel shuttle helped get us to/from our convention site. They provide Bliss bath products, which are better than the usual hotel offerings. 
CONS: For starters....BED BUGS!  I could probably just end my review right there, but I'll go on. 
- room service was mediocre food at best (menu in room was wrong, too)
- room was cramped, crowded
- bathroom is old, doesn't seem clean
- lobby is a loud party scene, but a lame one
- the supposed "business center" consisted of 2 computers at a table in the above mentioned lobby/wannabe party scene
- Meeting room we had was just OK
- The group reservation for 20 was botched first by my company, then the W was unable to help work it out. Multiple calls and promises of fixing it, but days later, we're still ironing it all out.
I think that's enough for this post; you get the idea. If you're looking for a W Hotel, look into the one actually in the French Quarter; it seems quaint and more quiet/stylish.Nice swanky hotel. The greeting area is pretty impressive. The bar downstairs is a nice chill place to hang out. The breakfast there was pretty good. The good thing also is that it is much more quiet not being in the French Quarter.Worst hotel I have EVER stayed at in my entire life. It was my boyfriend's 21st birthday so we decided to stay here. We first requested to have a suite,yet they sold out of them. Secondly, they said they upgraded us from a corner room to something else. We get to the room it was literally the corner of a box. When you see the hotel you think extravagant rooms right? NO this room was AWFUL. I've stayed at plenty of Aloft, Sheraton's, etc and this Hotel was by far the worst one. The front desk manager Claire wasn't very nice she acted all non chalant when we told her we were going to switch hotels. I don't suggest this hotel to anyone.Not their finest hour, the lobby, bar and restaurant were all re-done and done well, however the rooms are really bad.  You can tell this was an old hotel they purchased started renovating and ran out of money in the rooms.  Cosmetically they have had a bit of a face lift, but you can tell the rooms were beat to shi# and needed to be gutted.  Instead they just mounted a flat screen and painted.  Would have been one star but common space is really nice.We really enjoyed our stay here. The location is great, the employees were all SUPER nice.. and the beds were so comfy. I loved the bathroom and nice shower as well. We wished there was a coffee maker somewhere, and could have used some better lighting in the bathroom to get ready..but overall we loved it.I love W Hotels... esp for their bathroom and Bliss products alone.
Although some may call the funny nicknames for things (gym = "sweat") pretentious, I think it's funny and cute. 
The lobby bar coffee in the morning is actually great, also good selection of breakfast items. Bar is LOUD beginning late afternoon, you cannot even hear yourself think. Lots of pretty people and drunk businesspeople. Decor is great, very funky. 
Rooms are a but small but well decorated and have some fun magazines to flip through.
My one gripe is that my wireless internet NEVER worked in my room. It was frustrating. 
Walls are paper thin, as I heard my neighbor yammer on with her friends for hours at a time (clearly she also had no life) but be aware that you can hear everything and the rooms are very close together.
Good spot to stay in NOLA, as you aren't IN the FQuarter, a bit away, closer to the arts district. I'll be back!Came here from December 19th-23rd and decided to stay at the W because it's supposed to be more hip than the Westin and had a better review than the W in the French Quarter. 
Room- Great view of the Mississippi River and Business District from the 19th floor. We stayed in a corner room. I was disappointed when I walked in and saw brown carpet and popcorn ceiling- The website says luxurious rooms, but it did not seem luxurious at all. It did have the accent wall that was painted grey that is pictured on their webpage, but I was bummed that the rest of the walls were white. The room does have a lounge chair, which is located right under the window, but was kind of worn from use. Rooms do have shutters, and not have black out curtains, but the shutters did a great job of keeping out light. 
Hotel- The entrance was really nice, exactly what you expect from a W hotel. It has 2 bars, the hotel bar and Whiskey Blue's. I enjoyed a drink at Whiskey Blue. The hotel bar is overpriced, but what do you expect from a hotel bar? ($28 for 2 Irish Car bombs and the dude only used 1 Guinness) I didn't check out the pool because they do not have a spa and the pool is not heated. They do have a concierge desk, which when I first checked in, the gentleman introduced himself, but after that, I never saw one again. They do not have the Acura town car service that other W hotels have. 
Service- like all W hotels, the service was great!
Location- The hotel is located in the Business District, right down the street from the Mercedes Benz dome, and where the NBA Pelicans play. It is a good 7-10 min walking distance to Bourbon St. and about 4 min walking distance to the mall and Canal St. The location is also close to St. Louis Cathedral, Jackson Square and where the steamboats dock. The location is in a convenient location to almost everything downtown NOLA has to offer
Overall-I gave the hotel 3 out of 5 because I felt that even though the hotel is only a category 4 by SPG standards, it was still called "luxurious" on the website and was not as luxurious as I had hoped for. The W in San Diego is a category 4 and had nicer rooms and I was expecting the same, if not better rooms. 
If I was looking at SPG hotels again, I would stay at either the Sheraton on Canal St. (closer to Bourbon) or I would HIGHLY recommend staying at the 4 Points on Bourbon where you are in the heart of the action with a balcony view.I have stayed at several W hotels in the past but this was by far the worst I have experienced. The hotel is in a much needed rehab. I'm surprised the W brand would allow such a outdated hotel. 
 Check in went smooth with a very pleasant counter clerk. We booked a non-smoking room but was put in a smoking room. The carpet was not vacuumed and bathroom completely dirty. To make matters worse the shower in our room would hardly turn on. Looks like they have tried to fix in the past but were unsuccessful.  I could go on and on about how poor of shape the room was in when we checked in.
The one constant positive at the hotel was the courtesy staff. 
Pick a different hotel!!If you like dirty rooms and noise this is the place for you. I felt like it was Spring Break in July while down for Essence Music Festival. Great Location and great party hotel if you want to be up all night.Let's get the good out of the way first. This place is close to most anything you would want to visit in New Orleans -the Quarter,  the convention center, Harrah's, Mother's. It is also only about 2 blocks to the St Charles Ave streetcar. Another plus is that it is very clean with really comfy (and huge) bed and of course the Bliss bath products. Also, there was a little outdoor lounge area between sidewalk and the entrance, which was nice and modern. Good place for a smoke break if you smoke. 
Now for the negative. This place is trying too hard to appeal to the Gen Xers and younger crowd. All the common areas on the ground and second floor had loud piped-in indy-esque music. The room even had a sampler CD of the same type music for sale and one seemingly for giveaway. They also offer a DVD and CD library for check out, though it wasn't clear how to access this library. 
In fact, nothing in the hotel was very clear-- In its quest to out-cool convention, the place had stupid names for everything. For example, the bath floor towel said, "step". Meeting rooms and dining areas had weird names, too which just made for a lot of confusion. Evidently, they were trying to be quirky but forgot the reason for signs in the first place. My bf and I found it way more annoying than clever.
Next, the guidebook in the room spoke about a 'cafe' where you could get coffee and pastries for take-away starting at 7 am. Since I was there for a work conference, I was really determined to get fueled up for a long day. At 7 am, the coffee was out, but no sight of pastries. At 7:15, still no pastries. (This was on a weekday.) When I asked the staff at the desk, they said someone would be down in "4 minutes". Given the fact that the hotel hadn't delivered on other requests, I just grabbed something at the closest coffee shop, which was a few blocks down the street. 
Which brings me to my next point, the service here-- aside from the check in and concierge SUCKS. The hotel advertised as offering robes. As there were no robes in our room, I called down to inquire and have some sent up. It took a second phone call 40 minutes later to provide one robe, ultimately about an hour after the initial request. Of course, there were 2 of us in the room...and after all that just one robe. UGH! Another day, my bf spilled some juice on the bed, and called to have the linens changed. This was during normal business hours. No one ever came to do it. At least the regular room service personnel showed up daily! Also, room service came promptly and was very friendly and personable.
Overall, this place offers a great location and friendly staff on check in, but once you are staying there, be prepared to spend all your time waiting if you have to request anything.Stay was nothing special. Was there for 4 nights and there were definitely a few hiccups that were annoying. 
So good things - location is great. Walking distance to the French Quarter (about 10 minutes). On a pretty quiet street closer to the business district and across the street from Harrahs. Whisky Bar is nice but can be empty on some nights. Mother's (famous restaurant) is across the street as well. Can also walk to the WWII museum and nice restaurants in the Warehouse district. Located on a quiet street away from the chaos/seediness of the French Quarter but close enough to walk over there whenever you please.
Bad things - inside looks a bit worn. Rooms are very small. Walls are THIN. If you have a room (usually the doubles have adjoining rooms) you can hear your neighbors. I heard full conversations through the walls. Hallway layout is odd. Too many clusters. My room was clustered in the corner of the hallway with 4 other rooms (literally 5 doors in a small circle about a foot apart. Noise drove me crazy. Everytime I heard knocking I thought someone was knocking on my door. And the walls are thin. Did I say that already? Had a generally bad service weekend. Came in at 5pm and neither of our 2 rooms were ready. We checked in but couldn't get keys until they finished the room (this was AFTER we waited in line for what seemed like 15/20 minutes as they seemed super busy with only 2 people manning the counter).  So we had no choice but to check our bags and walk around to wait for our room. 10 minutes later we're down the block and they call us saying the rooms are ready. Great we think. We come back, and well, there's a huge line at the front desk. We wait another 15/20 minutes which is ridiculous (why couldn't they just give us our keys????) and go through the check in process AGAIN. Finally after what seemed like at least 1 hour we finally check in and well its about 6:30pm by that point. Sounds kinda ridiculous if you ask me. Oh yeah and the wifi was not working throughout the hotel the entire weekend which was a real annoyance especially since these days I carry my tablet with me more than my laptop. The staff said "we've been having issues" recently but didn't offer much of a solution than bringing up a separate router and installing in the room (we declined).
If you can get past some of the inconsistencies in service, the location and hotel overall is not bad for the price. We got a pretty fair prepaid rate of $109 to $149 b/c our friend was Starwood Preferred.
Oh yeah and on the last day I hit the gym which is actually very nice (small, but everything looked brand new). Lotta machines and a few free weights (dumbells only). Pool is actually very nice and modern (on the 4th floor rooftop, outdoor) and has 3 small cabanas with TVs and several lounge chairs. Very nice outdoor pool actually, and I regret not going there earlier (although it was a bit chilly). Pool isn't heated however.So sad. My first W experience and it was unbelievably poor.  Upon entering the room, I found a light bulb out, a jacked up DVD player that swallowed my DVD and tile missing from the bathroom. I called for 2 days before someone came by to fix it.  And on top of it, our room wasn't cleaned one day, I don't know if that was on purpose, kind of like spit in your soup if you seem demanding.  Anyway, I can understand that hotels are busy,  but I just got the feeling the staff didn't care.  So disappointing.  However the best thing in the hotel is Don.  When I came back to claim my luggage he greeted me like an old friend and offered me a cold bottle of water.  We had a nice chat, he made me laugh and helped me with finding a plug to charge my phone.  Wished I met Don earlier in my stay, but by then it was too late.In town for the NADA convention. Very disappointed in this hotel. Terrible service, tired facility. Will avoid in future.Had to cancel my reservation at the W because the costs for pets to stay are about as much as a person. Non refundable $100 +$25/day.For the price, I had expected something much better. First, bathroom was dirty upon arrival (hair on the floor). The bathtub was kind of old, same for the rest of the room - little things that could be repaired to make you feel that you're in a clean, well taken-care of place. Our view was to a wall. Also, the walls are very thin and we could hear everything that was spoken in the next room - until the wee hours of the morning. Key cards got demagnetized very often. Of course, internet is NOT free (it seems the more expensive the hotel the fewer amenities one gets) - and at the price charged quite slow. Also we could not keep two computers logged on in the same room at the same time - super annoying for the price paid.
Otherwise, location is good.we stayed at the w new orleans during jazz fest in april 2004 and although we usually stay in the quarter, it was still well within walking distance to our usual haunts on bourbon street and cafe du monde. the gym, although small, had the usual(treadmill, bikes, and weights). we would definitely stay here again.I'm torn - I love BLISS products, so the W gets an extra star for that but this place is kinda weird.
Cool Stuff
1.  Acura car service is great! The friendly drivers will drop you off to wherever you need to go within a 10 mile radius (confirm with front desk), just call down to the front desk and ask if any of the cars are available. 
2. Nice gym - clean, new equipment, nice digs
3. BLISS bath products! I love love love it. It's like crack...
4. Spacious rooms
5. Friendly staff
6. Great location - just outside of the French Quarter so you can avoid super high prices and annoying drunks, but close enough to walk to everything!
7. Cool lobby area
Not So Cool
1. Hotel worker opening my door at 4:00 AM for a "Wake Up Call" that I never requested. Thank God for the door bolt thingy!
2. Asking for housekeeping service and not getting it...I need more haircrack and clean towels!
3. I hate having to put my room key in the elevator to get to my floor. I know it's a safety thing but it's really irritating, especially when the key doesn't work
4. Funky hours for Acura service - great service, funky hours and limited vehicle availability
5. Not enough outlets in the room. I have a lot of electronics so I need at least 4 easily accessible outlets
I'd probably stay there again.W - on Poydras in the CBD (Central Business District) - I really like this place - staff is friendly and very helpful, although check in needs a little polish.  Rooms are on the small side.  I like the location though - it's not in the Quarter, but close enough.  It's close to the Warehouse District, Harrah's and Canal Street.  There are two bars downstairs and a stylish lobby area as well.  The exercise area is nice too.Beside the expected nice lobby with W signature vibe, it's a disappointment. However the bar is pretty cool. The room unfortunately is extremely loud and dirty, especially the restroom.I love the W Hotel.  I understand that the pool isn't palacial, that the lobby is loud, and that it is a bit of a walk to get to the French Quarter.  This location embodies what is best about NoLA, and validates why I come to the W hotels at all.
The ammenities are always up to par, the staff is BEYOND friendly, and has been consistently (I've been staying at this location off/on for the past 2 years), and the pricing has always been understandable.  Oh...and the valet staff is helpful as well as speedy.
I couldn't imagine staying anywhere else when I travel into New Orleans.  Thank goodness I don't have to.I am so disgusted with this W Hotel!! 
Check in and the bath tub is dirty & has 
pubic hairs in it.  Certainly don't expect that 
from a hotel of this caliber. I will absolutely
tell my boss that we need to pick another hotel
next time we go to New Orleans!Not all W hotels are equal. It was evident that this location has not been renovated for a while. While the lobby with its swanky decor embodied the vibe that is the W, the rest of the hotel did not. 
My room was plain Jane. I could have been in a Westin or Sheraton for that matter. Sure it was clean and the service staff through out the hotel were as nice as nice could be but was this hotel really different from any other in the area? I'm afraid not. 
The pool on the 4th floor was in the shade for two thirds of the day. Whats the point of having cabana's when there is no sun in the pool area? 
Next time I'm in NOLA, I think I'll try the Westin.Such a convenient location! This hotel is right across the street from a HardRock like casino (for all you south Floridians) called Harrahs. This is such a convenience when walking out of the casino at 8am after hours at the Poker table and an awesome night on Frenchman Street. The Hotel offered great service and real clean rooms. The pool is super tiny though. 
You can also walk barefoot through the stone filled fountain/pond in the front lol. The bar tenders are so knowledgeable at the bar down stairs. Shout out to my boy Mike! He's a mixology genius! Jalepeño Margarita! What a kick in the face! Truly delicious yet intense. 
The two "clubs" in the hotel (Whiskey Blue and the other one upstairs) aren't all that; however, if your lucky you will meet some pretty interesting people. My buddies and I came here for a business trip and they gave us access to a conference room to meet for free and even walked to Mother's, a near by historic restaurant in NOLA to bring us back sandwiches and drinks from this restaurant that doesn't deliver. We were very impressed! This is part of there WHATEVER WHENEVER service. 
Only complaint would be there lack of roll out beds. But we managed. 
I Love the W hotels all the way. Sucks that it will be changing to another hotel name and undergo renovation. Probably a change in management company or something like that. Overall, I would definitely stay here again. My buddies and I had a great time!Save your money.  This hotel property is tired.  
Pros: staff was great. Gym is nice and well maintained.  Location is very convenient. 
Cons: Room was dirty, carpet gross, bathroom was not clean on arrival and pretty beat up. Room keys demagnitized if you looked at them funny.  We had to replace them every day of the three we were there.  Sometimes more than once per day. Food at the restaurant was overpriced and not very good.
Summary: there are 3 or 4 other hotels in spitting distance.  I would try them first as they are likely less expensive and better maintained.My favorite Starwood in the Big Easy...
This is one of the first W's. It has a great location - downtown by the River, equidistant from the French Quarter and the Convention Center.  You can walk to almost anywhere from here.
It IS getting a bit dated in the rooms, but I heard from the front desk that they are starting renovations in 2011.  In any case, this is still a very nice property.  It is not as big as some other W's - the bar and lobby are not huge, but there are really 3 bars (the one off the lobby, another on the 2nd level by the restaurant and Whiskey Blue).  My favorite story about this place is from when I stayed here right before the NBA All-Star game and I was sitting at the lobby bar when Charlie Barklay came and sat down beside me.  He had just returned from losing money at Harrah's next door, but he was very nice and when people started recognizing him he soon had a crowd of new friends.
If you have a free afternoon, head up to the pool and hang out in one of their cabana's.I'm a Sheraton Preferred Member and love the W properties. 
This hotel is much bigger and you feel a little loss in comparison to the French Quarter property but what is awesome is the Concierge - Danny Alford. If you know customer service then you know that the Les Clefs d'Or is a high honor for any concierge and the fact that the property has a concierge with that honor is huge.
i have friends in the hospitality industry so I know how hard it is to get that honor. Danny was great. I was traveling alone for business and he recommended great restaurants for me and gave me tips on where to go during my down time.
Granted, I didn't have any neighbors during the week while I was there, of course I had some loud the night before my big presentation. Security came right up after I called them and asked them to be quiet. They didn't wait- they took care of it right away.NEW ORLEANS: I like the W properties by and large.  They have a lot more personality than most hotels, for sure, though they're not quite as consistent as their simpler brethren, Aloft, where I stay regularly.  I liked my stay here:
Pro
- Quick, friendly check in
- I was lucky enough to be upgraded, and though the room was old and dated (4 instead of 5 stars), it was very comfortable and clean
- I forgot my phone charger and they brought me one for free
Cons:
- Dated, not as snappy as other W properties
- $39 Valet is super pricey
- Needs a general face liftAwesome as usual, but they don't allow nudity at the pool...WTF? this is the Big Easy...they even told the chick with the pasties to put on a top..other than that the room was nice and service was great except for the horrible valet, even with a call down the car took nearly 45 minutesto show up and this was not a 1 time thing which sucked .This HOTEL IS TERRBILE....here is the email that I sent to the General Manager at the hotel.  I am a experienced business travelor that travels over 50% of the time.  I stay in the NEW ORLEANS market a few times a year and I do not recommend this hotel for anyone.  P.S. this is not the first feedback email I sent.  Read on...
Unfortunately, I had a less than wonderful experience.  I am a platinum member with Starwood...which means I stay at SPG hotels at least a minimum of 25 nights per year.  Starwood is my number one choice when it comes to preferred hotel stays.  I visit the New Orleans market a few times a year and I always stay at the W on Poydras.  The past two years have been a close to terrible experience.  When I checked in recently, my bathroom smelled like sewage and my Duve comforter had a big slit in it...almost like if someone took a knife and cut a big hole in it.  I then preceded to go down stairs to get a new room only to have been given a room that was occupied.  The beds were un-maid, the pillows were thrown across the room, and the room reeked of perfume.  I went back down stairs to get another room, and the manager gave me two drink tickets and a double bed room.  I was relieved to finally be able to lay down at 12:00 am in the morning.  Only to find that my bathroom sink would not drain properly and began to overflow with sink water....frustrated and disappointed I decided not to complain AGAIN....there was no telling where they would put me next.  The Thursday before my Friday departure...the Director called me and apologized for having me in the wrong room, he also apologized for not have called me sooner to let me know that I had been upgraded to a suite (so I should not have experienced the overflow issue in my bathroom), and advised me that someone was going to be to my room in 20 minutes to help me move my things.  Things could not have gotten any worse...I waited 40 minutes for someone to arrive to my room...to no avail...and ran late for my lunch meeting.  I called down and told the lady that I had to leave and she advised me that my things would be moved for me if they were packed and ready to go....ONLY to return back to the hotel to still have my belongings left in the previous room.  I had to check out at 4 am in the morning to catch a 6 am flight on Friday.  This was the WORST stay I have experienced in all my years of travel and I have been traveling well over 3 years now.  
There was a gentleman by the name of Hayward...who tried to do his best to make me feel better and was very responsive.  He was the only individual that did exactly what he said he would do, and he helped me carry my bags upstairs the second time.  
I don't think I will EVER stay at this hotel again...and I am spreading the message to my fellow colleagues in the industry to NEVER to stay at the W on POYDRAS and direct them to stay at the WESTIN on canal street before choosing this hotel.  We spend way too much money at this hotel to be treated this way, and I am appalled.  I am even going to go further to try and post a blog or a comment about this hotel online.   
P.S. Funny...I was able to find an email I sent to you a year ago (8/12/2009) with similar issues and nothing has been fixed. See the below.  Shame on me for picking this hotel again.  
Thank you!This was a good place for us to stay while on vacation in New Orleans. We walked everywhere and they took care of the golf clubs and arranged for my husband to play at some of the courses. It wasnt in the middle of everything but that worked out for us, we could still walk or take a cab, but we did end up walking a lot.A fine hotel with a bit of a different eclectic flavor.  All around a great place to stay.So I just recently came back from my trip to New Orleans (a few hours ago in fact) and lucky enough I was able to stay at this W. If you go to their website now they have wonderful specials - I took advantage of the stay 2 nights get the third free - I was in for a short vacation weekend.
Check-in was a breeze. They simply ask for your i.d. and the credit card you put your room on and they give you your key and off you go. The lobby is fabulous - huge mirrors, dark colors, ambient lighting, lounge music playing in the background along with you modern and art deco furniture. I stayed in the Spectacular room - which is basically the same as the wonderful(standard) room but with a view of the river or the city. The spectacular room was only about 20 dollars a night more but I wouldn't get it if it was anymore. 
The bed was uber comfortable with four huge pillow, a down comforter - my room was also furnished with a table, mini-bar (8 dollars for a bottle of VOSS yowza), a chaise (which was actually extremely comfortable enough to sleep on for my friends who crashed). However the bathroom is kind of eh - the showerhead was ghetto as hell it just sprayed a weird stream of water - you'd think the W would have rain showers but I guess not. The tiling was kind of messy. However they furnish you with Bliss spa products - I wasn't fond of the shampoo as it smelled extremely earthy but the face wash was amazing. 
The staff was extremely friendly - the concierge knows everything - helped me set up reservations, an appointment over at Aidan Gill for a haircut - and now they have a promotion with Acura where they will drop you off within 5 miles in a new MDX - pretty fancy. 
Of course you have the bars - whiskey blue was moderately busy on friday but cramped on saturday. It gets LOUD downstairs. The small martini bar is a welcome addition also if you just want to sit in the lobby or "living room". It was too cold to use the pool so I can't comment on that. There's also the ZOE restaurant which I hear isn't bad but with all of the french quarter restaurants a block away, why waste your money?
However there was some negatives - 
1) Valet Parking needs to get their act together. My friends came to see me one night and it took them 20 minutes to get their car, not to mention there was some irritated guests who waited even longer. And the dropoff point had PARKED cars in it, so she had to backup (dangerously) onto poydras. 
2) The hotel has a few minor problems in its decor. Things are a little ...janky? is the word for it (or is it even a word? hm) the chandeliers are missing a piece of glass or crystal or two. Some of the candles are weirdly misplaced. Some of the furniture needs to be reupholstered because they have stains. The concierge told me the hotel is due for a major renovation next year, so let's see how that goes. 
3) This was the BIGGEST issue I had, and forewarned to future yelpers who come here - when she swiped my card at check in the computer charged me over 350 dollars for no reason. After I checked online banking and went downstairs the girl at the counter simply responded "wow...that's weird...oops!" thankfully she called finances and thankfully my bank returned the money in my account the next day. So when you hand over that card when you check in be clear with what's going on because I saw another review on here that had a problem with random overcharging. Because whether or not you're on a budget - 400 dollars missing from your trip money is a big ouch.
4) Another issue is that you have to pay for internet use in your room. And it's now 14.95 for one day. You think with an upscale place like this there would be free wifi. But there is at least two computers for use in the lobby to check emails for free. But I thought having to pay for in room internet was a little ridiculous. 
5) The walls are paper thin. There was a bunch of old southern guys next door or underneath me and they were hooping and hollering really loudly (which I don't know what they're excited about, they're old and it's a bunch of guys getting drunk together in a small room). However I was surprised when another guest the next night knocked on my door to ask if he was playing the music too loud (which he wasn't) - you hardly meet courteous people like that in a hotel nowadays. 
Checkout was a breeze. There's a computer terminal for a quick checkout and you can also check out flights to do online check in or see if it's on time. 
So after that LONG review - I would definitely come back here again. Staff was wonderful, the room not too bad - however that renovation that's coming soon is long due.It's a W how could I not be a fan?!  SWANK to the fullest degree as far as hotels in NOLA are concerned.  Wish the pool were a little bigger.  The lobby bar did fail on not having all the components to create their lovely grass lawn cocktail, but there are other choices.I write this from the living room at this very hotel, the only place with free wifi.  The next paragraph will be my Cliff's Notes review for those wanting the short version (which is essentially, this place is a dump).  More detail in following paragraphs.
This place is a dump.  They think that by adding some cheap but modern furniture downstairs and some Design Within Reach outdoor furniture, people will believe this is a high class hotel.  It's really just an old building with small and very dirty rooms.  If you are a reasonably clean person, you'll have a hard time with your room, as both rooms we had were quite dirty.  It's a party place mostly for young gay men, so if you're looking for that you'll enjoy the social aspect.  Don't be fooled by the photos - the pool is rinky dink and packed.  The only cool thing is the Acura experience, which saves you a cab fare going to anyplace within 6 miles of the hotel (but won't pick you back up).
More detail - make sure they give you the right room.  We paid for a Spectacular room, but first were put into a standard room, which we didn't know until we had to have the housekeeping supervisor up to see how dirty the room was (dusty, stopper out of the sink because it had drainage problems, etc.).  We finally repacked and got to our "Spectacular room", which is supposed to be spectacular because of the view - the side of a building.  What is the non-spectacular view?
At some point you have to get over it and get on with having a good time, which we did, but we would definitely not stay at this dirt hotel again.  Not your typical W hotel.For the money I give this place one star.  Rooms are tiny, a/c sucked, loud, bathrooms sucked, LCD was broke.  The W should be embarrassed to have their name on this place.  It's an old piece of crap hotel that they threw some fresh paint and modern decor on.  Seriously, don't waste your money here.  We had four guys staying in two rooms so we had to opt for double beds.  I didn't realize they weren't going to be queens.  I'm 6'2" and could barely fit on the bed.  It was an old squeaky mattress with a cheap soiled mattress pad that wouldn't stay attached to the mattress.  The bathroom was good size but outfitted like a motel 6.  We could hear the neighbors going at it on one side and the tv playing in the other room.  Let's be honest, it's NOLA so I didn't spend much time in the room and I'm glad!  Did I mention the pool is basically an above ground plastic pool and is the size of a large hot tub.I have nothing but love for the W New Orleans.  As usual, the staff exceeded expectations.  The location's perfect; walking distance to the French Q, but not embedded in it, although it's a quiet, safe walk.   The pool was great, so was the food.  I'll stay there on my next visit.Shockingly disappointing.  I have never stayed at a W, but from all the hype and pictures, but more importantly, due to a friend who has stayed at Ws in NYC, Hoboken, Barcelona, and Miami, I was excited to stay at this W because of all the great things my friend had to say about the W.
The only thing that was good about the W New Orleans on Poydras St was its decor.  Very stylish, hip, and modern.
And the fun stops there.
I stayed there for 5 days, 4 nights.  I arrived on a Monday, and despite calling and asking in person at the front desk numerous times for my room to be cleaned, it wasn't until I complained to the general manager Wednesday afternoon (2 days later) that my room was finally cleaned.
The only person who was professional and respectable was a manager called Haywood who apologized and took full responsibility for what happened as he knocked on my door Wednesday morning to ask if my room has been cleaned and then reassuring me that it will be cleaned upon my return in the evening, but it wasn't, thus my engagement with the general manager.
The people at the front desk, albeit friendly and warm, were still very unprofessional due to the fact that they were sharing weekend stories and laughing obnoxiously loud even when I walked up to request for an extra roomkey as I was locked out of room, only to be told to wait a minute so they could finish their stories.  I felt extremely disrespected and more importantly, insulted.
Even though the general manager by the name of Allison apologized to me in person (even though requesting to speak with her numerous times), she showed her true colors later on that evening.  I don't like to name drop, but someone has to be held responsible!  She said she would offer us some discount or something to remedy the situation, and thus I approached her later on that night to find out what they were going to do for me and my friend.  She offered one night off, which didn't seem to be justified and thus I said "that's it?"  She replied "yes, that's it.  You got one night off, what else do you want?"
That was when I gave up because I knew that complaining to her about the other things were futile.  It is obvious that this is a trickle-down effect, where the management is unprofessional and sloppy, thus the lower employees are the same.
Seeing as how they sit in between Harrah's, Hilton, Sheraton, West Inn, and Double Tree, I don't understand how they could be anything less than standard.  This W is going to lose a lot of business in the long run unless something is done on the management level.
I will never stay at this W again,. but I might give the one in the French Quarter a try next time as I love NOLA and it is a tradition for me to return every couple of years to visit.Free pool parties on Sundays all summer!
Downstairs bar has $3 craft beers for happy hour... too bad it's always empty!Nice room, bathroom needs to be updated and thoroughly cleaned. For a W, I was disappointed.Nice hotel, but I was, I don't know, expecting better service from a W.
First off, the decor is trendy and well done, although perhaps a bit dark for my taste. The lobby bar and Whiskey Bar are both fantastically decorated. However, my girlfriend was a bit miffed that they didn't have any Christmas decor up. Oh well.
The room was good as well. Quite spacious, everything comfortable and luxurious. Only issue was the TV not working, although a quick call to the front desk fixed all that.
Onto the issues: the friendliness level of the staff overall was perplexing, although one gentleman who worked the valet door entrance was very friendly to us on our trips in and out. The valet service was slow, and the staff forgot to charge our valet parking until I accidentally mentioned it to her (oh well, she charged only one night anyway, so I suppose I saved a little bit of money). Finally, it's still a bit far off from the French Quarter, so if you're planning on spending all of your time there, it may be prudent to get a closer hotel.
Value was great, though--we got the room at $90 a night. There's definitely some solid values in New Orleans.I stayed here on a Thursday night and paid $130 for a room. I have stayed at the W before in San Diego and that one was a lot nicer. The staff was very friendly but they need to update the lobby with newer decore. This hotel is centrally located to many bars, resturants and shopping.Location excellent.   Lobby nice.  Acura experience fantastic extra. But based on 2 things I dropped this to two stars. Overpriced room they called King wonderful or something like that and nothing special and an ill fitting couch.  The real topper was in 3 days the room was cleaned 0 times.  Not sure why. They came by one afternoon after 4 when preparing to go out for a wedding. Got in late expecting it to be done.  Nope. Next day out most of day and again no service. Shame because a great trip so not sweating but for this kind of money you'd expect much better service. Will check Loews next time.Suites are sweet!  The rooms are simple but nicely decorated.  Had a slight dated feel relative to other W's that I've stayed at.  Service was great.  This location was conveniently located across the street from Harrah's, if you're into that sort of thing.  Short walk to many great restaurants and bars.I know I disappoint everyone with my impression of this place, but it wasn't all that and was super expensive to give such an unremarkable impression. I was in town for quite awhile and spent three nights here and five nights at a different hotel (which I was unable to get for all eight nights). People I was traveling with thought this was a real score for me, but I just wasn't jazzed. It felt very small and closed in, especially compared to other hotels I visited (the Marriott, for example). The lobby and bar were chic for sure, but not very inviting. That said, if I could score the tables with benches they have downstairs for my house, I'd be super pleased. Cool decor.
So the room... it was okay. Visually, it was a good look. Very cool, but stuffy air quality. Enjoyed having a DVD player in the room. Bathroom was a miss, the faucet dripped all night loudly and a shower in the bathroom caused condensation issues where everything in the bathroom was soaked. Not a fan of needing the key in the elevator, but I am sure there is a reason for that. Very cool patio area outside the entry of the hotel and it is cool that they offer car service (though it wasn't available when I needed it - on a rainy day!)
I'd be mad if I had spent my own money on this place, but alas it was a work trip. Still, knowing what they spent on it (and yep, paying for the internet after nearly $400 a night) is sad. I would never bother with this place on my own. There are better bangs for your buck.One word....GHETTO! 
I stayed at this hotel about 10 years ago and I don't recall it being so bad. This W has to be the worst W hotel I ever stayed at, and I'm a Starwood hotel fan as I travel for business quite often.
The staff was unprofessional, the rooms were dirty with stains all over (duvet, bathroom floors). I just felt groose so after one night checked out and stayed at the Westin.  When I went downstairs to inform them of the unsanitary conditions of the room, they moved me to another room which the sheets had holes in them and the bathroom was dirty. I explained the issues to the front desk lady, and when the manager came I explained it again. The first front desk lady was rolling her eyes to the valet guy whom she was chatting with right before I came by. As though I was oblivious to her attitude.  And the concierge made me wait awhile without even apologizing for the wait.  Just plain ghetto! I'm so glad I moved over to the Westin which was a complete opposite!
So disappointing!!! Never again will I step foot into this W hotel!Just a bit of a letdown but overall a decent stay.  
Ice machine broken on the 4th floor for the entire duration of our stay, since you can't access any other floors without a key pass this was a bit of a hassle.  
A problem with our reservation had us split into a 2 night stay plus another one night stay, of course our room keys stopped working after the second night.  
On to the positives.  
I really liked the 4th floor deck near the pool.  While the water was far too cold to swim in the tiny pool, the ambiance of the surroundings made up for it as well kicked off a couple nights with drinks out on this patio.   The way the pool deck is configured, you only get sun for like 2 hours a day, mainly due to the tall buildings around you.  
The staff was great at the front desk in trying to work around the problems we had with our room.  
I actually really like the location.  I like staying outside the Quarter but close enough for an easy walk to bars and restaurants.  It is also right across the street from Harrah's new casino if you're into that sort of thing, which we were.  
We got lucky and stayed at a pretty great rate through friends but even then it still didn't feel like the value was there.  It served our purposes alright but it isn't anyplace I would go out of my way to recommend to friends.My husband and I stayed here for three nights on the second leg of our 10-day, 2100-mile roadtrip, and it couldn't have been a better stay. Everyone on staff was extremely friendly and helpful, and we even had a nice card and bottle of champagne waiting on us in our room (I had mentioned it was our delayed honeymoon when booking the room) from the manager.
I am obsessive about cleanliness in a hotel, and the W delivered 100 percent. The hotel is not brand-new, but our room was impeccably cleaned and I didn't feel gross walking around without shoes on the carpet at all. The size of the room was perfect, the bed was extremely comfy and we had a nice LCD TV directly across from it mounted over the desk. 
But just to convince you that I'm not a covert W employee kissing my own arse, I'll point out that the bathroom door wouldn't stay open on its own, but we fixed that by using the in-room hair dryer to prop it open when necessary. Not a big deal at all.
Everyone complains about parking in these reviews, but the fact is you're going to pay a ridiculous amount to park ANYWHERE in New Orleans at ANY hotel, at least downtown or in the French Quarter. Get over it. We valeted with them for $29/night and never had to get our car out until we left, but when we did it was returned quickly and without damage.
The hotel is in a great location--a quick two-block jaunt to Bourbon Street, one block to Canal, half a block to Riverwalk and 10 steps to Harrah's. And if you want to go anywhere else that isn't within walking distance, the W has several drivers who'll ferry you there in a sweet-ass Acura (but they won't pick you up--so hone your cab-hailing skills before you leave). 
We did a little too much drinking on Bourbon Street our second night and didn't get to see everything we wanted to in New Orleans, so we'll be making a return trip at some point. And more than likely we'll be staying in the W when we do.Not the cleanest but the bliss bathroom products smell great.When you first walk in -Striking
When you go see the sign for the gym and the pool (sweat, wet), you can't help but say, "got it goin" like a turbo vette.
The concierge, Danny, knows everything.
My only complaint is that they play the same damn song all day.The location is ammmazing for this hotel; across the street from Mother's Restaurant, at the end of the parade line for some Mardi Gras parades, close to streetcars on Canal and St. Charles,  close to a great frozen drink spot and a large convenience store. And despite being the weekend before Mardi Gras, the hotel was VERY quiet. And we were able to enjoy the great weather on the fantastic pool deck with semi-private cabanas with TVs. 
That being said, we had NO housekeeping one day, which is annoying since when we left at 11am, there was a housekeeper down the hall, and when we returned at 7pm, there was one next door. The gave us more towels, but the trash was gross, towel pile-up was gross, etc. And speaking of garbage, I echo the tears in the furniture and tile falling apart, but the pillows! Sweet heaven, do they suck. Hangovers are supposed to be because of alcohol, not because of bad bedding at a W hotel!Lately, I've been staying at Starwood properties almost exclusively. The goal? Platinum status and a mad accumulation of points so I can a.) "upgrade to best available room at check-in, including Standard Suites" (per their website) and b.) cash in on free hotel stays during my next vacation. Additionally, I usually go Starwood because the properties please, the rates work well with my budget and if not, I can turn to one of my besties (a Starwood concierge) for her Starfriend rate hook-up. 
And so far, I've been a happy camper... mostly. From my favorite Starwood property (the W South Beach) to one I've bookmarked for a future visit (W Paris!), I don't ever feel like I'm chancing satisfaction with the W brand. It's a solid marriage of consistency and that inimitable jet-set meets kitschy W 'glamour'... and when you return to home base at the end of an evening, the opportunity for more trouble always awaits in the lobby bar. 
I haven't experienced a blip in consistency among W's until my recent stay in New Orleans. While I understand it's an older hotel (built in 1984), the years of hard partying haven't been good to ol' girl and it shows. Especially in the bathroom, where tile gets grubby and bath time feels only utilitarian. The location suits me (a few blocks away from the Quarter so it's a bit quieter) and the staff is super accommodating, but I just couldn't reconcile the mediocrity of my room with the price.
While this hotel certainly gets the 'job' done - a good night's rest - the discrepancies between the posh lobby, outdated rooms and the inflated prices just don't add up to satisfaction. Paging Mick Jagger: Let's commiserate!The only two reasons why this hotel is getting a one star review is 1) the staff here is wonderful, 2) you can't give zero stars on Yelp. 
I feel like my husband and I were misguided when we made our reservations to stay at this hotel. We booked our reservations using points from our credit card and when we did, we were under the impression that this hotel was closer to the river and closer to the French Quarter. We also were told that it was newly renovated. However, once we arrived, we quickly realized that we were misinformed. So, we said, whatever, it's a W Hotel, it can't be that bad. We were SO wrong. 
We reserved a Fantastic Suite because we had our 9 month old daughter with us and she sleeps by herself. My husband is military so we do not get to take little vacations like this often and this was our first outing with a kid, so we had pretty high expectations. The suite was large, which was great, but it was filthy. There was hair everywhere, the bathroom looked old and dirty and I was so tempted to get some cleaning supplies and start cleaning myself! 
The pillows were horrid. I regretted not bringing my own, and the bed was super uncomfortable. My husband complained every morning that his back ached and this is a guy who sleeps on submarines for a living. 
We ordered room service our first night and it was great! The food was fantastic! The second and third night, the hotel was apparently hosting some fraternity members and they literally took over the hotel. Our suite was in a corner and we had fraternity members on both sides of us. The walls are RELLY thin. We could hear everything. They were drunk from the moment they got there and when we saw them checking out, they were still drunk! I had to call security on them half a dozen times because they were blaring music, screaming, slamming doors, banging on the walls, and just being complete douche bags. Now, I understand, it is NOLA, but it's NOLA! Everything is open 24/7! Go to a bar and drink! Come back to the hotel to sleep! There is no need to slam things at 3:30 am! 
One of the punk ass kids had the nerve to tell me that my baby's crying was too loud. 
I explained to the hotel while checking out why I was unhappy and they gave us $50 off our bill. Not thrilled. Definitely NOT coming back.Not worth the price. Slow as slow can be when asking for anything. Also they charged me full price for a night when I had long since cancelled because it was 'prepaid non refundable'. Very interesting because they surely didnt tell me when I cancelled that it wasn't worth it.If I can imagine the most amazing hotel ever, this wasn't too far behind.  The rooms were very modern and looked sharp and the views of the city and Mississippi River were great.  The staff, especially the concierge, were spectacular and went above and beyond to make our stay special.  Oh yeah, and their beds are SO comfortable!While the lobby service is extremely attentive, accommodating & friendly, the rooms leave A WHOLE LOT TO BE DESIRED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Popcorn ceilings? leaky faucets? rusted vanities? dirty bathrooms? It just didn't feel clean, crisp & the way a W should REALLY feel. Unless you're getting a super super amazing deal or simply don't care about what a W hotel brand should represent....you can stay here. I think they need a total gut renovation b/c this property feels old, weathered, and ragged.I'm upgrading my score on a sentimental note: nine months after our stay, we welcomed our daughter into this world. I assume you can figure out why.Great hotel, staff and location
Across the street from mothers (10 times better then any room service)
Short walk to french quarter, river walk, WW II museum, St. Charles street cars, ...
Bliss products in the room
Great staff
Free coffee on 2nd floor
3 extra blocks from french quarter so not as convenient for that but otherwise the location is actually better then most hotels since it is central to everything and not at any one site.
Make sure to go to Mothers for real food. August for weekday lunch for fine dinning on a budgetI want to start off by saying I dig Mod hotels like the W.  Far better than the big pretentious marble foyers of most nice hotels that scream "please just pretend you're in a palace and that business men and 50 year old cougars are a norm at the palace bar."
But this W was just not up to W standards.
It's in a perfect location if you like eating and partying in the French Quarter, but don't want to deal with the noise (and the smell) when you go back to your hotel. It's walking distance to everything in the FQ. Plus for this year they have a car you can reserve and it will drop you off anywhere in a 5 mile radius.
We were there for the New Orleans Food and Wine Experience and were going to different hotels in the French Quarter and it was great to have a quick drop off. I did schedule most our stops before we arrived at the hotel. It's also an inexpensive cab ride...the trolley is fun as well.
The big issues I had with the hotel was that it as just a little janky. For example, the glass (I doubt it's crystal) on the chandeliers were always out of place. The service for the most part was mediocre. I was shocked when the bartender said she didn't know how to make a Sazarac a cocktail created and popularized IN New Orleans French Quarter!
The exception to the service issue were the concierge folks they had on hand. They were really great.
Overall, I know I'll stay at other W's in the future, but I will be staying in a different hotel the next time I'm in NOLA.OK, i wrote this on tripadvisor.com but felt that it should be repurposed here on yelp.  I guess for 2 years in a row, I have had bad luck with destination bachelor parties, but the world should be made aware of this place.   
The Good:
The W New Orleans lives up to it's counterparts with it's hip atmosphere in arriving to the hotel, it was posh and sheik and we were greeted very warmly by the doorman/porters. They were extremely friendly extremely helpful and kind. this was followed up by a warm smile from the Check-In Staff. All was looking good...
The bad:
We get to our room and it's a standard double which is what we ordered. As we venture in to the room further, we notice stains on the floor and Q-Tips lying on the floor, and not clean ones that might have fell out of a bag, they were dirty looking...We go into the bathroom and there are towels in the sink, not the towels that you use for your face, but a rag looking towel, like the kind they use to wipe down tables in restaurants. It is soaked and sitting right in the sink that we are supposed to brush our teeth and wash our faces in. Hey look, I am not one of those types of people that nit pick everything, the Q-tips could have easily fell out when the maid was cleaning up, no harm no foul, but to leave a rag inside the sink smelling like mildew (must have been there for a while) this was unacceptable. We call downstairs to the front desk and kindly inform them of the issue and ask them to send someone up to clean this. Unfortunately, there is no one available to do so at this current time. Are you serious? You can't send someone up to clean up the room that should have been cleaned prior to us checking in? OK, so they offered to switch rooms for us which sounded like a good idea, so we agreed and started to make our way down again, when they call back and say, "oops sorry, there are no more rooms", we answer back and say you just told us that you were going to switch us. "Yes sir, but now we have no more rooms, we can offer you a complimentary breakfast for the inconvenience" We agreed and went out on the town. No harm, no foul right? WRONG! The next morning, we are all getting ready to go out and whilst in the shower, the water completely stops working. Not in the beginning or end of the shower, but smacked dab in the middle, shampoo in hair and soap all over body... Boom, no water... No sink water, no toilet water and no shower water to wash off all the soap. Are you serious? I call down to the front desk and am greeted by a short snobby, we are working on it. At this point I am frustrated not only from the night before, but now no shower water... I ask to speak to a manager, and am transferred to the "Manager" who says the engineers are working on it and it should be back up shortly. No offer of anything for the inconvenience, no apology. Nothing. We are furious that a Hotel with such a great reputation can have such a lack of customer service and courtesy. We march downstairs and are met with snotty attitudes and another complimentary lunch offer, I mean while we appreciate the offer, is it too much to ask for a hotel that provides clean rooms and running water?
The next time we are out in New Orleans, we will NOT be staying at the W on Poydras Street. It seems like they are asleep at the wheel here...I really want to like this hotel more than I did. In fact, I'm torn whether to give this W a two- or a three-star rating. In the end, I had to settle for a two-star rating, for reasons discussed below.
The Good: the lobby is lovely, as is the location. Service, insofar as we actually used service (that is, checkin and checkout) was fine.
The Bad: the rooms. Really, this rating comes down to the rooms. Probably unlike many other travelers who roll through here, I'm not generally concerned with the bars or the restaurants of hotels. It all comes down to the rooms.
I booked what W calls the "cool corner room." From looking at the W's website, the cool corner room is an upgraded version (at least when it comes to price) of the spectacular room. (The spectacular room is W's higher-level non-suite room.)  
The room itself was not at all spectacular. The W main website describes their hotels as containing "iconic design and contemporary luxury." While it might be the lobby was contemporary (if not iconic), the room sure wasn't. There were few windows, little view, and little ambiance. The W site says I should expect to find "modern guestrooms." The guestroom in which we stayed looked little more like a normal Holiday Inn room, perhaps with slightly better carpet. I've stayed in quite a few Aloft hotels--supposedly the lesser version of W hotels--this year, and while each one was generally very similar, each one had better rooms and better bathrooms. This was disappointing.
And while the room itself might just lead to a three-star rating, the price brings the rating down to two stars. Again, I'm comparing to other hotels I've been this year. The room was basically the same price as a higher-level Starwood Hotel in New York, generally a far more expensive market, yet the quality of the New Orleans W hotel is below the NY Starwood property.Well I kind of fell victim to the old bait and switch here.  When I originally booked this hotel using SPG points it was called the W New Orleans but when I arrived it was no longer a W hotel.  I know it will eventually be a Le Meridan but I still felt a little bit shafted.  
I can understand why they wanted to renovate this property as it really isn't up to par with other W hotels I have stayed at.  The lobby is pretty much the only part of the hotel that looks like a W as the rooms and the pool are pretty average at best.  There is a DJ at the pool during the day on the weekends which is nice.
The hotel is in a pretty good location downtown, you are walking distance to Bourbon street and the Harrah's casino is directly across the street.  If you plan on partying on Bourbon street though I would probably suggest staying a little bit closer as the walk is a tad bit long especially after a long night of drinking.  
Overall I'd say it's just OK for the price, I hope the renovations are extensive.Stayed at @starwoodbuzz W in NOLA. This hotel is better than my stay at the last W in another city. 
Nice clean rooms, ok bed, Walls seemed thin and my floor was a little noisy. The Lobby was nice and looked fun.
The best part of the hotel was the staff . They were very professional and helpful. The Acura service was a nice touch. All in, this hotel is ok. 
Easy walk to convention center or to the French Qtr.Dreadful experience at a supposedly high end hotel. Took an hour to check-in because they didn't have any rooms. Cocktails are seriously overpriced ($15 for a mediocre margarita! Loa at the International House hotel has handcrafted cocktails for less) at the bar. Rooms are dated, bathrooms dingy and in need of an upgrade.I don't understand the appeal of W hotels in general and this one in particular. 
If you're staying for business, service is terrible, it's way too dark, room service order takers are pretty rude / disinterested, internet service cost $14.95 / day, the walls are very thin, slamming doors at all hours.  
I've stayed here three times now and the smoke detector in my rooms chirp every couple hours for no reason.  The lobby is filled with wannabe starlets and teenagers trying too hard to be cool.  Elevators are so dark as to make it hard to see the arrow on your keycard to put into slot to get to your room.
On the good side, the bathrooms are clean and there is plenty of water pressure.  The sink could use a little less or an aerator, actually.  The beds are very comfortable.
The remote controlled curtains from the car port are pretentious and silly, especially when the hotel doesn't deliver the goods.All the free wet naps in the world cannot make me want to stay at this hotel again. Yes, the rooms are equipped with the most hip and modern quirky furnishings. Yes the hotel exudes a cool vibe with their fancy chair swing, free mint water, apples, and complimentary Bliss brand sundries. But amidst all this lovely exterior I found the hotel rooms to be quite dirty (dusty, smudges on the tables, stains on the floors). The housekeeping did a poor job. When we asked them to clean our room (because it had already been late in the afternoon and it hadn't been done yey) they seemed a little irritated. Details like these can make or break your stay. I wish they had paid more attention.
Good For: lobby freebies, ambianceMon-Thu stay, frequent business traveler, first time here.
Chosen when I was shut out of regular hotels, longer walk to the office raised the emotional bar for me to like staying here.
At check-in, "green" option for housekeeping means "no housekeeping".  Glad I asked, went for non-green.  And never got to thank the desk guy for the complementary expired drink ticket.  Second night, returned to room after 6pm from the office, still waiting for housekeeping.  Checked with the desk, said "plan for it by 7:30pm".  Really, who does that?  Other complaints were paper thin walls (couple speaking in a normal tone next door, I heard every word), and a leaky bathtub faucet that even the plumber couldn't fix.  And thanks for the Apple dock for my Android phone, but where's the alarm clock?
Mood:  Another reviewer nailed it, this hotel tries too hard.  Even the elevator music managed to piss me off.  And they refer to their housekeeping staff as "stylists".  Too precious for me.
This may be a fun place to stay if you are on a drunken vacation or a gambling binge weekend, but not recommended for a business traveler.  Quirky annoying design everywhere, could be to your taste, not to mine.Stayed here last week for a large convention.  It is a very tired hotel.  The location is nice for a convention but that is about it.  It was a rainy weekend and the doormen never even held open a door or offered an umbrella....nada.  No one helped with our luggage and I can not remeber anyone saying hello or smiling the whole time I was there.  Rooms were blah and worn.  There are definately better hotels in NOLA!Truly one of my better W experiences and I think that had a lot to with the fact that the staff here never bothered me. No unnecessary knocks. No calls to say my reserved car wasn't available. It was lovely. When I checked out they actually thanked ME for being so nice. ME?! I told her I must have been reciprocating their niceness because I was going to say the same thing about them.
It was my first visit to New Orleans and I really had no idea where I wanted to stay. Call it luck. Maybe fate. All I know is this is the perfect location. It was close to all the Yelp Spring Break events and I was literally steps from the French Quarter. Being across the street from Harrah's was pretty cool too.Stayed here during Tales of the Cocktail. Rooms were really small  and electrical outlets were a problem. Staff was very nice. Had a cocktail at Whiskey Blue. They need to work on updating the rooms.Decent price on a pretty cool hotel.  Walking distance from French Quarter and across from the casino.
Extra star for running into Quentin Tarrantino in the bar and for security coming up to bang on your door and wake you up if you sleep through the wake up call.
Wifi wouldn't work.To me the W Brand has always been a great one. I have stayed at the W in many other cities and all were fantastic visits.  That is why I keep coming back for more.  This W was a completely different story.
I enjoyed the comfortable bed but I can't say to much for the cleaning staff.  I am always very respectful of all service staff.  I have been in the service industry and I know how difficult it can be.  I also know we all have great days and some off days.  Whoever was cleaning our room obviously is in the wrong industry.  In fact I also blame it on the manager of the hotel.
We never had our room cleaned by 4:00 and sometimes later.  One night we came back from a night out and it still was not done.  Prior to going out we made the front desk aware that it wasn't done.  When we came back in I had to call in for sheets and towels and did it myself.  
What really sucks is on the first morning there I told the cleaning staff I wasn't feeling well and gave them $20 to please do my room next.  Four hours later it was finally done but they didn't actually clean it.  The bed was made and towels changed out.  They obviously didn't wash or sweep the bathroom floors.
On that same day there was a coffee pot and 4 dirty coffee cups that sat in the hallway, obviously set there by housekeeping to get picked up later.  We left two days later and that same shit was still in the hallway.  
I would never recommend this particular W to anyone!  I have made it a point to send a nice letter to hotel and general manager telling them about this experience.  It certainly doesn't fit with the W Brand I have come to know and enjoy.Stayed here in September and can't believe I forgot to YELP! it! Booo me! :) 
Stayed at this property in the past and decided to give it a try because of it's history of being "young and hip."... Weren't too impressed this go 'round...I don't think they've upgraded or renovated this particular property in a while. 
For those that have never been to NOLA, there are extreme differences in one hotel to the next. Location is usually key for most visitors so I have to give props to this one for it. It's within reasonable walking distance of both the French Quarter AND the convention center while it's directly across the street from Harrah's. 
The rooms are really small so don't try to have more than 2 people to a double or you will feel like you're going to run out of oxygen *insert laugh here*. The beds were comfy and everything was clean even if it didn't feel modern or new to the touch. 
The bathrooms are really small and the tubs are as well. Again, definitely is not new. 
We didn't experience any problems while staying here, but we did run into 1 or 2 people that did regarding mildew/leaks/wet carpet but it is our understanding that the property took care of it (one got a different room and another got sent to the other W for an upgrade). 
The downstairs/main lobby bar is reeeally small, but the 2nd level lounge/ is nice. 
Staff was never rude and housekeeping appeared to be fairly timely because we never returned at the end of our day to a non-cleaned room. 
All-in-all, a pleasant stay...BUT I think I would be very mindful of price. If the rates appear too high then you may be able to find something more upscale for the cost (considering non-holiday or event days). 
We enjoyed ourselves.I've now stayed in a handful of W's and this property is starting to show some age, not in a good way.  The lobby is nice - there is ample seating, a living room bar and Whiskey Blue.  Echoing Matt U's review - no annoying music and crazy lights.
The gym and pool are on the 4th floor - strange that you have to walk outside to get to the gym.  I suppose it doesn't get too cold in New Orleans, but when I was there, it was in the low 50's and rainy one morning - wasn't ideal.  Nice equipment in the gym, with lots of towels, bliss products, etc.
The rooms were below W standards IMO - for $250+tax a night, it's gotta be better than that.  The bathrooms are not aging well.  The tiles were looking grubby and my shower leaked continuously for 3 nights.  This is notwithstanding the dirtiness when I first arrived - this was quickly reconciled, but again, should not be happening in a hotel of this caliber.
My room was not cleaned after the second night.  Granted, we had the do not disturb sign up until 2.  However, at around 2:15, I saw the chambermaid and told her that she could come in and clean.  She never made it.
W Acura experience was solid as usual - the driver was very friendly and knowledgeable.  They will take you anywhere within 6 miles of the hotel, which I would imagine would include Uptown.
Friendly staff.  Despite the misgivings, it's still a nice hotel.  Far enough away from the French Quarter that you don't have to worry about the misfits that go through there on a nightly basis.I booked this hotel a few weeks ago on Hotwire, first time I'd ever used it.  I was worried based on some of the reviews I'd get crappy service because of that but it wasn't bad at all.
So it's not right in the Quarter, maybe two blocks off Canal by Harrah's so it's quieter than something around Canal or Bourbon but there's still drunk people on the streets yelling that you can hear.  Room was nice- a lot of reviews were saying the bath tub was bad (wouldn't drain) and the rooms never got clean, etc., etc.
So this is what you do, they have some rewards program for the hotel chain.  If you're not a member just join, it's free- give them some old email address you don't use anymore if you don't want emails.  They supposedly "upgraded" me- not sure it that's true or not but the room was really nice, everything worked fine.  
I tipped the maid service $2 after the first night we stayed there (I learned this is actually expected at semi-decent hotels, who knew?) and the room was just as clean as when we first checked in after they cleaned it.  I would suggest doing that.
One annoying thing- you need your room card to get on the elevator.  It's New Orleans- they probably have a decent reason for doing that so you can't get too flustered.  Overall, not a bad stay- my first choice is the Omni Royal Crescent, personally.Worst W I've ever been to.  Worst hotel I've stayed in for the money.  I come to New Orleans several times a year...and highly recommend the Roosevelt or something similar over this place.
Summary: poor check-in; terrible, dirty furnishings; dirty bathroom; no outlets; TV didn't work; a/c was terrible; water pressure was terrible; poor attention to details; noisy; horrible mattress.
Starting with check-in - I was told that my office hadn't sent in a credit card authorization and that my room would need to be paid for on my personal credit card.  I showed the desk clerk and the manager on duty an email from the General Manager to my office, stating that they had received the authorization and listing the dates of my stay.  They told me that that particular manager was out for the week and they would have to run my card because they couldn't find the authorization...despite having the credit card on file.
Minor inconvenience.  
It was about 10 in the evening so I went straight to my room...which was worse than rooms I'd stayed in back in college. The interior looked like it was from one of those DIY home improvement shows where the families swap houses - cheap furnishings and bad paint jobs.  The furniture was dirty and there was hair in the shower.  I called the front desk and was told they were booked up but they could send housekeeping.  Being late, I told them not to bother and cleaned the shower myself before showering (terrible water pressure...it took forever to get the soap out of my hair).
The TV was tiny and didn't work - though I didn't realize this until after I'd showered and, being after 10, didn't feel like having someone come in my room that late to fix it (and yes, I checked all of the cords myself).  The iPod stand hadn't been updated since the hotel opened and was not compatible with iPhones like other hotels - so it was useless.  
There were no plugs anywhere...I had to literally unplug lamps in order to charge my cell phone and iPad.  Odd...because even cheap hotels (Hamptons, etc.) have outlets built into the lamps.  
I was in a corner room and could hear my neighbors on my left all through the night...they weren't being loud so I didn't feel like I could complain...the walls were just so thin I could hear their conversations to the point I had to turn the stereo on between stations to get some white noise.
The bed was terribly uncomfortable - and I'm not picky, soft, firm, doesn't matter...but this mattress was just terrible.  And no matter what I put the A/C on...the room felt like it was in the mid 70s.
The next morning when I went to iron my shirt, the iron was so old you couldn't read the temperature settings and it leaked water constantly.  Leaving that morning, I called for my car and made my way down to the car pad after about 15 minutes.  I gave the valet my ticket and he said "So and so is bring that around."  Great.  5 minutes goes by...no car.  10 minutes...and I ask.  The valet looks down and goes through a couple of sets of keys and matches mine with my ticket and says "Oh, you're car's on the street."  It had been there the whole time...no one ever walked up to give him my keys or pull my car in.  No tip for that valet.
Bottom line: there are far superior hotels in NOLA: The Roosevelt, the Marriott or Sheraton on Canal, the Omni in the Quarter, even the Riverside Hilton.Let me just preface this review with the fact that I have had prior experience with the W Hotel chain in NYC and LA. LOVED THEM. They were top notch. This one in NOLA? Not so much. First they put us in the wrong room. Then when they switched us to the correct room I'm guessing they didn't take the time to clean it out because I found food in the mini fridge that was so foul and rotten it almost made me sick. I'm a nurse. I DO NOT have a weak stomach but this was like nothing I've ever smelled. Then when we went to call someone our phone wasn't working. So WE had to go downstairs just to get someone up there. They never fixed the phone. The next day we were informed we needed to leave at checkout time or we would be fined. We had the hotel for two nights.... not really sure what happened there but that was a 30 minute argument with the front desk folks. Upon my arrival back once all the mess was sorted out I get all the way up to the room to find she gave me the wrong key. Back downstairs I went. Later on that night my PREGNANT friend caught a cab back to the hotel because she didn't want to stay out and had forgotten the room key. When she asked for one she was rudely informed that she was not eligible to get a key and security would escort her upstairs to make sure she was infant staying in that room. I have never in my life been treated like a criminal when
I was PAYING to stay somewhere. These people are absolutely unbelieveable. No customer service whatsoever!!!!!!!!! Not worth the money at all. There are PLENTY of other hotels that are just as nice and way more accommodating. Save the hassle and go to one of those! These people don't care about their guests at all. Oh, except for the valets... they were very sweet.Wife and I stayed at the W New Orleans for 6 nights.  We expected something a bit more for the type of hotel class W stands for.  
Lets start with the Pro's:
- Clean Rooms
- Comfortable Bed
- Friendly Staff
- Nice Pool Area located in the middle of the building (Outside)
- Great Location
- Nice Common Area Presentation
Con's
- Rooms are on the small side
- Rooms are outdated with their popcorn ceilings
- Prices are too high for such presentation in rooms
- No Parking Lot 
I gave it 3 *** strickly because the rooms looked like something I would see in a Best Western or some hotel I would find while driving off of a highway.  If you have no concern on how some rooms look then it is easily a 4 **** hotel.Staff was nice, one guy in particular was a little too friendly with my wife, I don't remember his name but he's an older man who works outside getting bags and cabs, shuffles his feet when he walks and is slightly bent over constantly flirting smiling and talking to every lady that walked in the place. My wife was so uncomfortable that she told me about it, and once we walked out the building together he did not let up, this is total unprofessional and disrespectful.  Since he blatantly was flirting with my wife and she trying to get away I had to say something, (really I was going to confront him even if he didn't do anything). After my words with him he backed off, but I don't think it bothered him, a few hours later he was calling two ladies Baby as he was taking their bags up to their rooms. 
For the Money, the place was a letdown, the rooms were small and old with scratches on the walls, furniture was ripped, and the table and desk were scratched with no style. There was a bottle of wine on the wall for $35, and minibar $$$, chips $$, nuts $ and internet $17/night. I've stayed in many hotels and this was just a letdown for the W organization. I wanted to ask the manager when the property was acquired since it was so old looking. 
The bathroom was large with wallpaper that was coming off, instead of taking it down they just painted over it in purple to match the bed room.
In all I was just let down, maybe I went into the W with too high of hopes, I will never stay there in New Orleans again for the Money I will just go across the street to another hotel.  
The good thing is that the hotel is in walking distance to the many places that I had to go, convention center, eat, French Quarters.....I love W Hotels. LOVE them. I've stayed in them all over the world, and I'm known to check out of a bad hotel and into a W if necessary. But this one is awful. 
The list of horrid things about it goes on and on. Dingy bathrooms, paper thin walls, ridiculously expensive Wi-Fi (that doesn't allow for 1) multiple, consecutive devices or 2) use of the printers in the lobby "business center") ill-fitting sheets, shoddy housekeeping, $15.00 glasses of wine at the lobby bar, broken down free shuttle service to anywhere in 5 miles of the hotel ("you'll have to call a cab, I guess."), condescending concierges, utterly absent managers (I was told three times that I would be contacted by the manager "Allison," and never heard from her).
Oh...and add to all this the fact that the lobby turns into a meat market for whatever conference happens to be at the Conference Center, and...ew.
I've stayed at the W in the French Quarter 5 times prior to this...it's MUCH nicer...but the level of terrible service I received here (and, frankly, from online W customer service on my stay) made me rethink my W loyalty. 
I'm on the hunt for a new boutique hotel chain. Any suggestions?We stayed here over Christmas.  Fantastic!  Room was a little small but the staff was so attentive. We felt like we spent Christmas with family.  Tony will tell you were to go and Paul, the hotel driver is wonderful.  
This was our first trip to New Orleans and plan on going back to this W!I stayed here last weekend w/ a couple of friends. It was a nice trendy hotel w/ very good service. The staff was friendly & helpful. We asked one of the concierges for restaurant recomendations. He looked up a couple of places & actually walked us outside the hotel & gave us directions.
One of the bartenders, who's even more easy on the eyes than the hotel, was very friendly & helpful w/ recomendations as well.I was at this hotel for a week for a business trip. To be fair, this hotel was not my first choice; the W Hotels are a little too trendy for me. I chose this hotel based on the gym facilities and because it was walking distance to work. The hotel comped free Wifi in my room because of my company already has some. The bed was plush. There is a fridge with goodies and a "fainting" couch. 
The Good: Great location. Staff was wonderfully friendly and accommodating to my every request. The lobby is very beautiful; great place to grab a drink and meet friend but it's not my scene. I'm more of a book by the pool gal. Pool and cabanas looked relaxing. The gym had 3 working  treadmills, 2 reclined bikes, 2 stationary bikes, and 2 elliptical machines, free weights, pulley machine and other weight machines. 
The Bad: 
Plumbing issues - There were times when the water pressure and temperature were finicky. And then there was the night when the toilet was not flushing well. The hotel took care of it, stating there was a bad part that needed to be replaced, but it's a hassle to have to deal with issues like that. The room is large, but the space is not well used or designed because  the bathroom is tiny. 
Noise was a huge issue. The walls are thin. On two separate nights (in other words, two separate sets of guests) I could hear the partying going on next door. One afternoon, the music in the gym was at decibel level that could only be described as deafening. I couldn't hear my own mp3 player or the television. It took them 30 minutes to turn it down and alot of people came into the gym only to leave it because of the noise level intolerable.this hotel is just a name now in New Orleans...the hotel is old and needs to be renovated...he gym equipment is not that nice, the walls in the rooms are shabby, and you do not feel like you are staying at The W...my TV didn't work and the tub did not drain...I guess that's why it's cheap to stay here...I am severely disappointed at my stay here. This was a stay-cation for my husband and I for my birthday. You can imagine the disappointment I felt upon arriving to check in only to be told we did not have a reservation. Yes, we had a reservation and we had already been billed for our stay-- that turned out to be an Expedia issue, which I will take up with them, but the way the staff handled it was very poor. The woman at the front desk told us "Well, you better call Expedia and fast because I only have one room left." Im sorry, but it's not my problem that this occurred and it should've been handled in a more professional manner. While getting on the phone with Expedia the front desk lady disappeared and never returned. We finally got things sorted out, however did not receive an apology. 
The room was dirty, towels stained, did not contain a mini bar, coffee, or even water for that matter, water in shower didn't get very hot and kept fluctuating between cold and warm. Definitely not worth it and would not recommend to anyone.