So this was the best place we had dinner, while in New Orleans!
This was our last night in town and we looked up a nice dinner place with music, that was smoke free. I was able to make a reservation online, for 7pm, without any trouble at all.
We were placed by the musicians which was really nice. The live jazz was great but the food was even better.
I ordered the soup, Chicken Tortilla so, and this was so good. I can only say yum!
My friend ordered the Crab Cakes, and he said they were the best he had ever had. He said they were moist and not dry at all, and the flavor was to die for. Along with the Crab Cakes, he got the Kale salad and mashed potatoes. The mashed potatoes were so delicious! They did not need anything on them, they were perfect!
My other friend had the Prime Rib. It was cooked to perfection and the meat was very tender and flavorful. This meal came with the Kale salad and mashed potatoes as well, but you could get the spinach or other vegetable if you prefer.
My spouse ordered the Hawaiian Rib Eye and said it was the best they had ever had. Tender, juicy and full of flavor. This meal came with mashed potatoes as well.
I had the Center cut steak, and I get mine well done. This is the most tender steak I have ever had. I have eaten at other high end steak houses, like Ruth Chris, and this was by far, the best steak I have ever had. (Please note that Ruth Chris's was very good when we went a few years ago, before I knew about Yelp!) Most know that when you order a well done steak, you just know it will be dry, a little burnt, and need something to give it flavor. This is just something you get used too, but not here.
I was shocked! Really shocked. This steak was moist, had just the right amount of spices and just melted in your mouth.
My meal came with a baked potato, which was very big and very good.
Our waitress, Blair, was awesome. She went above and beyond, and was very helpful whe we were selecting the wine.
Really great experience!Houston's seems to have a bit of a cult following---I know people that are crazy about it as one of their 'special' places. It clearly wants to position itself as an upscale chain, and their prices certainly reflect that.  I haven't been to one in years, but have enjoyed some lunches at one of their now-closed locations.
We recently chose the St Charles location for a family meal, and yeah....it has a much nicer, upscale feel to it than most chains. And, again, relatively high prices. 
One minor detail struck us: the diet coke came in the cute little 6 oz bottles, poured over ice. That means, of course, that if you want a refill, you pay another $3. Also, there were 8 of us and they don't combine tables, so we sat at two tables next to each other, with different servers. 
I was really in the mood for a good burger, and since theirs is $17, I figured it'd be pretty good. One of the other "fancy" touches, by the way, is they don't bring ketchup bottles to the table. Our server asked if I wanted ketchup and I said yes. It arrived when I was about halfway done with my burger (yes, I wanted it for my burger). Our other table's server did bring their ketchup, so I was able to use theirs and eat my burger. My burger and fries seem to have sat for a while before arriving--the fries were barely warm and not at all crunchy. The burger was fine--the cheese also looked as if it had sat for a few minutes. 
Overall, this was a pretty good $8 burger. But a pretty overpriced $17 burger.  Nobody in our group was particularly thrilled with the food--at least not for the price. Very mediocre food and wannabe upscale pricing. 
No need to return.Great atmosphere!  Over the years, this location just keeps getting better.   Of course, I have my fav entree choices, but nothing compares to superb service!  Go check it out for yourself!Good solid service, ambiance, and quality meals. Great place to take a client, family or friend. Plenty of parking in the heart of New Orleans.I have been enjoying Houston's for at least 12 years now, and always (with the exception of the past 2 times) had great experiences there.
The service, is not as good as it once was.  The servers are spread way too thin, and simple things like water, condiments, and refills go missing.
Now, I might get crap for my final comment, but for those who can appreciate "poetic license" and not give me $h*t for it, here goes.....
For the price one pays for a meal (food quality aside), servers should be licking shoes.   Mine are left dirty..............There was a time Houston's was a place you went and spent money on great food that was served in a comfortable upscale setting. It seems that things have changed. Is it possible that it has shifted 180 degrees?
Metairie lost their Houston's about a year ago when the fellows at the corporate office decided to 'consolidate' their locations and focus on a single location on St. Charles. This move was said to be a way to have the best staff from both locations working to make things even better together. 
I hadn't been to the one St. Charles since they had closed the other location (not as a protest just hadn't gone.) So on this visit I was expecting great things. They promised great things! Unfortunately I must say I didn't see an improvement. To the contrary in fact, I saw diminished food and a less polished service staff.
Everyone needs a change. Business decisions are made to maximize profit and quality. We know this. However what happens when changes are made seemingly just for the sake of changing? It is usually not good.
So what changes did I find from the food?
The Bone in Prime Rib: 
Love prime rib? Who doesn't? It isn't something people make at home much, if ever. One thing you never want to find from your pricey prime pick of protein is for it to be dry. When you do a bone-in what is the biggest problem, drying out the meat. It is like inserting a direct heat source into it and acts as a chimney for the moisture. So yes, my prime rib was very very dry. All the au jus in the world wouldn't save it.
The Crab Cakes:
Honestly the only thing I have to say here is "why?" Why does it now have a breading on it that reminded me immediately of something you would find on a McDonalds fish sandwich?
The Coleslaw:
Now it is really heavy on mayonnaise and the mustard base that used to be there is gone. Why would someone change coleslaw? It always had a somewhat dynamic taste for such a simple thing. Really like mayo? Favorite condiment? Is it something that brings you immense joy? You should like the coleslaw.
The server was clearly interested in providing the best experience possible. Everyone on the staff seemed to be trying. I am not sure if it was a training night (being in the middle of the week) but it was a bit clunky. No one seemed to be able to figure out to whom they were delivering what drink or food item. This may have been because there were many different people bringing food and drink to the table over the course of the evening.
I am going to hope it was an off evening. I have been eating at Houston's both on St. Charles and Metairie for what seems years and years. Of course I will go back and give it another shot, I didn't even get to see if the ribs were still as good as they'd been before!I tried out Houston's last night. It's a beautiful establishment; the waitstaff was courteous and attentive; the food was good- not exceptional, but good. I gave it four stars because I didn't like that I couldn't swap out my sides without getting charged. To make it worse, they were out of shrimp, so I had to order the salmon, which lacked seasoning and sauce. The texture, however, was perfect- nice crust and flaky fish inside. And their Swiss chard was OUTSTANDING- absolutely delicious! Their whipped potatoes were delicious as well. I would eat here again.My husband and I only went here because Metairie has closed, we will not be returning. I asked for water with lemon and my glass was a 4 oz. glass of water, you think I could get an adult glass of water at a "Steakhouse". The food is not the same (as Metairie), it was mediocre , if that. The spinach dip was good but the salsa tasted like pureed tomato sauce, terrible. The iron skillet beans tasted overcooked and mushy. The Hawaiian Rib Eye was cooked as ordered but the steak did not have a strong Hawaiian taste, possibly it was not marinated very long. The clientele is subpar. If the staff smiled , their face may break. Very unfriendly and not welcoming. Metairie's Houston was by far better, the staff, atmosphere and food. I am not sure why anyone would wasted their money and time eating here. If you are going to go to New Orleans anyway, you might as well eat somewhere decent, there are several restaurants on St. Charles that have much better food and atmosphere.I made reservations for a Tuesday night & I was surprised as to how packed this place was on a week night. We arrived maybe 5 minutes late but we only waited about 10 minutes to be seated. The ambiance is great & I loved the live music. The food was great & I was impressed with how any waitstaff that passed our table would refill drinks, take empty dishes, trash, etc. The only thing is I did feel a little rushed at the end but I guess they needed to seat other guests. I would definitely come back.This was one of my favorite restaurants when I lived in New Orleans. I frequented the Metairie and St. Charles location often.  My favorites were The Spinach and Artichoke Dip, Cheese Toast, Chicken Tenders, Traditional Salad with Buttermilk Dressing, Crab Cakes, and Hawaiian Ribeye.  The spinach dip is the one I measure all other spinach dips by and none have come close to this perfection. The Hawaiian ribeye...Oh my!  Give me a moment while I reminisce.  Their house made buttermilk dressing is also at the top of all dressings.  Yes, it's busy here, but that's to be expected of a great restaurant. My next trip to the city will include a stop here.Great service.  I had a to die for veggie burger here.  The ingredients are top quality and fresh.  The wine selection was also good.  This place is popular, so the wait was a little long, but it was worth it.  Would definitely come back!Apparently the security guard here has been delegated to scream at people trying to enter the establishment within fifteen minutes of closing...I ignored him (I'd just gotten off work and my friends were already inside with a glass of wine waiting for me- I thought I could sit with them while they finished their meal like it was a...restaurant or something) but the women entering behind me yelled back at him that the door was unlocked and the bar was clearly still serving. Because it was. Security guard followed them in and stood shaking his head and rolling his eyes with the kitchen staff (my table was a good vantage point for his theatrical body language). 
I'm sorry but while I understand that everyone wants to go home, you can't scream at incoming restaurant customers not to enter at 945pm, 950pm, whatever, when you close at 10. We tried to amicably explain what happened to the 20-something year old manager on duty, and this is where it gets even funnier...he said that incoming customers wandering around near/at closing time "posed a security threat" (seriously, kid? You find your uptown wine drinkers at your chain restaurant to be threatening when the clock strikes 9:58?) "What I'm hearing is that you didn't like how it was handled"- uh, no, I didn't like being yelled at for trying to give you money while you were still open and my friends had been their for hours. But thank you for apologizing.
What restaurant staff thinks that having to tell people you're no longer serving is beyond their scope of duty? You're on St. Charles. Nice neighborhood. You have a security guard if one of your patrons goes insane when you tell them the kitchen is closed and they simply CAN'T HAVE the spinach dip, but that they're welcome to a drink while you start your close up process. The guard didn't even check to see if I was trying to go in to eat, which I wasn't, he went to instant exasperation and I couldn't believe his yelling. 
That being said, the prices are hilariously high for a chain in a city full of more interesting options. The whole thing was pretty funny. I won't return.We always love Houston's food and service.  Went today for lunch and ordered our Oysters St. Charles as an appetizer.  They have changed the original topping with a cold relish of some sort!  Not really that good.  Hope they will go back to the original recipe or we will not order it again.  Fish sandwich was good as usual as were the fries and they have a nice
 wine selection.  Our server was excellent.  Just really disappointed about those oysters!My daughter's and I had lunch with a friend here and although the service was good it was a bit relaxed.  We each had salads and they were AMAZING!  I had the tuna steak salad and it was EXCELLENT.  Just the right amount of crunch and not bathed in the vinaigrette.  Perfect balance.  Not a cheap salad but the quality made it worth every penny.Ribs for lunch were good. There was a wait of about 25 minutes for a table and bar seats were available. We went for the bar seats and ordered an appetizer. The table became available and host came looking for us and helped transfer to the table. Good service. My business guest was pleased.With the demise of several neighborhood restaurants, Houston's is once more the best reliable cheeseburger in this City.
This one of only two "chain restaurants" which we recommend; it is better than its Texas sister place on Westheimer, out past Houston's Galleria.
Pros:  Private parking lot with armed guard; really nice surroundings, good prime rib & steaks, nice bar area, good menu, & pleasant wait-staff.  The "sides" are all good, too !
Cons:  No Coors Light, can be very crowded, the wonderful creamy tortilla soup is only available one day a week !  And, being semi-senile, I can't recall which day is "tortilla soup day".
Yes, the cheeseburger is around $16.00 but one does get the full value; it is well worth the price.
Houston's New Orleans, Saint Charles @ Felicity, is on our "twice-a-month" regulars list.
RickClassy joint. I recommend for a business lunch or maybe a date. 
My thai steak salad was full of flavor and the perfect size. We met some family members for lunch. Originally, the place was selected because everyone wanted ease of parking, and the lot is located right behind the building. 
We were visiting with family members we don't see very often including a new baby. Therefore, lunch dragged on, and we sat at the table for a long time after we were done with our meals. The place wasn't crowded at all, and the waitstaff didn't mind one bit that we held the table up.I ate here on Saturday with my best friend. We had a 45min wait which is typical for a Saturday night in Nola. He comes here regularly but this was my first time there. I am giving this place 5 stars based on food and portion sizes not the service. I had the double sized pork chop-HUGE!! And my best friend had the Cajuns red fish-huge!! We also had the St.Charles Fried Oysters-amazing-as well as a kick ass Caesar salad made with corn bread croutons. Our waiter was slow and I had to hunt him down occasionally but it was busy so I let it slide. Otherwise, great food and atmosphereHad no problem in the beginning but it took the waiter a little too long to just come to us and ask for what drinks we want. My boyfriends steak was so damn good and my butterfly shrimp would be better if it was hot. There lemonade is too sour even when I added like 6 packs of sugar lol. I didn't finish my food and had a lot of fries and one butterfly shrimp left. The waiter just took my plate and stacked them on others, I just thought it was rude how he didn't ask me if I wanted a box. I mean that meal was over $20 and there was about 6 pieces only. Other than that, the waiter was great.Worst. Service. Ever. We won't be back! The place was empty but we still had to wait 20 minutes for a table. We sat for another 10 minutes without even a hello from a waitress. We finally had to flag one down to take our order. The food took forever, it was way overpriced, and the entire experience was horrid. Unless you are a masochist, steer clear of this place.Their cornbread sucks! It's served cold room temperature at best... Then you get to experience a gelatinous i Center highly do not recommend.I'm not sure why anyone would consider this fine dining.  My fiancee and I went for lunch and both my appetizer, the baked potato soup, and his sandwich, the roast beef au jus, were barely lukewarm.  To make it even worse, I sent my soup back, and the waitress had the nerve to say, "Here's a fresh bowl."  I guess she thought I was born yesterday, because I could see the smudge marks of where she cleaned the side of the plate while tossing some extra bacon and cheese top after microwaving it.  I was terribly disappointed.  This place is really only a step above Chili's, in my opinion.  For all the fine dining establishments in New Orleans, Houston's is not and never should consider itself one.  I hadn't been there in 15 years, and I will never go back.First, the waitress was not very accommodating & rude.  We specify asked if the veggie bean burger had texture to keep it from falling apart & not soft. She stated yes, it's  the best. We had to send it back to recook & it was like a smashed patty. The fries were too greasy as if they put them back in the fryer to warm up after attempting to fix the soft veggie burger. The walnut apple cobbler had no visible apples & crust, just walnuts in syrup.A few days ago for lunch ,,,,as always, you can know your getting good food and good service...friend and I  frequent the place at least once week or two weeks..  Being a salad lover, recommendation is tuna salad...fresh, light, filling without over stuffed... Good portions... Of course it's hard to o decided between spinich dip, and salmon....Does Houstons really need another review? Who knows but here goes...
As usual immediately after entering your senses are tuned up to the sights and smells from the kitchen.
Open wood fire grill, smoky goodness wafting in the air and slabs of meat all in sight. 
Atmosphere is so Cush cool. Dim lit, leather seating multi-tiered dining room.
Take your seat for the main event. Not a large menu but everything on it is great. The wine list is not large either but works well.
Service is knowledgable and just enough attentive.
I could go on and on. I could also come back again and again, love it!Visited Houston's New Orleans for the first time in a long while last night.  Extremely disappointed in the bar service.  The male bartender (who was tending the side of the bar where I was seated) hardly acknowledged my presence.  At one point my glass was empty for almost a half hour before the gentleman sitting next to me flagged him down and ordered for me.  It was definitely not service I've come to expect from Houston's....and this is generous star-wise.
We have so many restaurants worthy of such prime real estate in the city..Houston's is not. The wait was unforgiving (1 hr.), for when the food later came, it was mediocre at best. So very disappointed with the menu choices as well. It's become so much less of what it once was.
Will NOT be visiting Houston's again in my life unless there is nothing else open.The spinach and artichoke dip was pretty good. I ordered the Thai Steak and Noodle Salad was absolutely delicious. The salad was flavorful and the steak was nice and tender. Overall it was extremely flavorful and fresh, especially with the addition of the mango. Service was a tad slow and often found myself trying to flag a server down for water, but a great experience nonetheless.Had Houstons last night for the first time since before the big K. Have to say, not much has changed and I was happy about that. The baked potato soup was exactly like I remember it, I had the sashimi tuna salad, which I never tried before and it was delish!! The tuna was like butter, so super yummy. I had a bite of my son's cheese burger and it was pretty good. I think it could've been a little jucier for the price, but he liked it so that counts for something. At least they had a kids' sized portion at a lower price than the momma jomma adult cheese burger! I'll be back, maybe not very soon because I have so many other better choices, but I'm sure it will be a place I will return to.Celebrated our anniversary this weekend. I made a reservation and we were seated within minutes of arrival. Food was  good as always. For apps, we ordered the spinach dip and stuffed artichoke. Our entrees were great also. I ordered the fish of the day which was the sea bass. Which was awesome! My husband ordered the filet. Which is always good.  For dessert my husband always orders the five nut brownie when they have it. Our waiter wasn't  bad we just felt rushed.  The down side our waiter didn't offer to box up our dessert. So it was left. Husband didn't realize until we were home. Upset! 
Although on the reservation I stated in the comments we were celebrating our anniversary, there was no mention of it. Really disappointed.Friendly Staff great atmosphere!  It's a remarkable The food is worth the price Very very very good! The hot towels at the dinner! It's a must tryJust can't beat this go to spot in New Orleans. When I lived here I was a regular, good for 6 to 8 times a month. I usually order off the Menu, but I have had just about everything on it. Never had a bad experience and as usual with this trip, they didn't disappoint. Great service great atmosphere. I'll be back as usual.Excellent service tonight, the food was delicious . We ordered salmon and Hawaiian ribeye tonight. The staff was nice enough to let us continue our meeting while they were cleaning up after hours. Of course as we saw they were almost done, we left. A+ plus serviceReally everyone knows the quality at Houstons is sublime! Another great experience for my mom's 50th. Ordered the off menu chicken tenders been getting them since I was 9 and I'm 29 so literally 20 years. Just the best. Service was excellent and had a Kelt cocktail crazy good cognac. Thanks for another special one Houstons.We love Houston's! We came here for Valentine's Day. It is less busy and quieter than ours in Jersey. We loved it. We loved the view of St Charles. We don't have a view in Jersey. Food was fresh and deliocious and our server was super sweet with her southern charm. We will definitely be back!This is the kind of place that from the outside I expect to have lots of mediocre Yelp reviews... it looks pretty mainstream and everything... but I went here for a business lunch and I was highly impressed!
The clientele leans towards retirement age, the food is about as much as you'd expect for a nice business lunch ($12-20 entrees).  It gets packed around noon so try to get there early.
This is the kind of place that will please anyone.  The spinach and artichoke dip appetizer was the BEST I've ever had.  I heard great things about their steaks, the seafood disappeared from my colleague's plate and the house-made veggie burger was seriously one of the better I've had, even among vegetarian-friendly restaurants.  They also have a vegetarian entree.
Some days they serve cookies on the way out... dangerously delicious.  Highly recommend if you're looking for a nice lunch!Great lunch with my fiancé and his family. Had the spinach dip and the French dip sandwich with tabbouleh. The sandwich was phenomenal. Loved the shaved prime rib on the house baguette, tabbouleh was ok. Finished off with the chocolate brownie with nuts. 
Our server Rachel was very attentive and patient with some of our more difficult family members! Wanted to give her a shoutout for her hospitality and professionalism! 
Would return again, everyone seemed to enjoy their entrees and the service was great, very happy with the place.Love the atmosphere of this location. I have been visiting Houston's- St. Charles since I was a little girl. If making a reservation- try to get a table near the Windows. The live music at night is a perfect addition to their food.
Note: if you dine here and want to socialize a bit- hold off on ordering your entree. They tend to bring out the meals quickly- making you feel a bit rushed.
My husband and I usually stick to the same thing: spinach dip to start and we each get the grilled chicken salad. The peanut dressing is great! 
I recommended reservations, especially on a weekend.Fyi-- they won't serve long island ice teas or a double cocktail. Odd, esp for a New Orleans restaurant.Regular spot for us.  We ordered the spinach dip appetizer, it's the best in the city.  They also have awesome drinks here.  I had the Hawaiian ribeye.  He had the prime rib.  I was satisfied with my plate everything perfect as usual.  Carl was not as happy with his prime rib, it was over cooked for the first time, it's usually on point.  It won't be our last visit.  We will surely return.Great food !  The service  was very terrible. Something so simple as getting water refills was impossible. The servers were NONE RESPONSIVE. WHERE IS THE SOUTHERN HOSPITALITY.Paul was our waiter today. He was absolutely the best ever!! Knew his stuff!!  Mexican soup and pan-fried snapper. Could not have asked for a better meal and service anywhere. Thanks Houston ' s and Paul! We will be back next trip.In my 28 years of life, I have never had such a good meal as I did at Houston's. First off, the ambiance in the restaurant is phenomenal - the lighting, and live jazz music set the restaurant apart from the typical noisy new Orleans fair. The food has been the best we've had so far. We both tried a bowl of the baked potato soup, and it was a great way to start the meal - the soup was hot and the ingredients fresh. He got the filet mignon which literally melted in your mouth, and the whipped potatoes, don't even get me started. They were so creamy; I was sad I didn't get them as my side. I got the French dip sandwich, and it was delicious - the prime rib was delectable, and the French fries were fresh, crispy and just the right amount of salty. For dessert, you just have to try a dessert at a meal going as well as this, we shared the apple cobbler. It was hot, delicious and nutty- the perfect ending to the perfect meal. If you have a chance, check it out. It's worth every single penny and we would happily go back.Love it here! 3 stars because that was the absolute worst service in my whole life. If you want the slightest decency in service don't go and hour and 30 min before they close. And don't sit with Jessica, she'll neglect you completely.Great place for a vegetarian.  Really!  They have a rice and black bean burger that is DELICIOUS!!  And their couscous side is so good.  I'm not a chain fan but this one is pretty good and I do love a place that has a parking lot.  It doesn't matter what day or time I come here this place is packed.Food and service were great!! The ribeye was cooked perfectly (medium well) and the spinach dip was some of the best I've had in a while. I love how u can watch the chefs prepare food while u wait to be seated, def helps the time go.  The live band was also nice. Over all a pretty solid place.Just mediocre food, nothing special. I would have expected more for the price.  Neither my husband or I finished our food. It was just not very good.This place is always on point. From the ambience of the low lighting, dark wood, and live jazz... to each entree. If you're lucky they will have grilled artichokes! The kale salad is amazing..and I say that as someone who isn't a fan of kale. I tried my friends and have been hooked ever since.I had ordered a Club salad which was supposed to be fried chicken on top . After received the order with grilled chicken , the manager O'rion Wagner came to my table , not only apologized that they ran out of key ingredient batter but also discretely sent me a full order of fried oyster on the bed of cream of spinach . Just about to think this was nice enough , he presented my son a $50 Houston's  gift card after he learned that we were here in town for his LSU and Navy graduation. WOW ! Great food and service , very impressed ! O'rion , you are the best to carry out this establishment's reputation ! Job well done ! Thanks to all your staffs to make our memorable day !Houston's, one of the only two chain restaurants I recommend; has fallen a "star", after two bad experiences in a row.
About a month ago, while Wife was out-of-town, decided I needed a prime rib.  Not wanting to go through the mess of our French Quarter parking to go to Dicky Brennan's, I settled on Houston's.  
Was told the cook had overcooked that day's prime rib, tried a steak, which came smeared with some strange sauce I had asked to omit.
This past weekend, went for a "gourmet" burger.  Server suggested "medium rare", I agreed; but got a patty which had barely seen a fire.  Ate the raw burger, anyway.
Drink order was "delayed", TWICE, a simple draft beer & iced tea.
The tortilla soup, a unique recipe, was very good.  (We have lived in West Texas.)
I hate to see one of my "standards" slip so !
Will wait a while and try again.  
But, in this City with thousands of eateries, "Third strike, and you're OUT !"
Alternates:  Expensive, it's "Mr.John's Steakhouse, a few blocks down St Charles.  Moderate, try Sun Ray Grill or "Bistro" le Citron for a ribeye.  For those willing to drive a little, local steak standouts are Dicky Brennan's or Metarie's iconic (the) "Steak Knife".
Sadly,
RickWe just stumbled in one evening since it was close to our hotel. We immediately liked the open kitchen. You can see everything going on in there and it was running very smoothly. We were told it would be a 30-40 min. wait for a table, so we went to the bar. We ordered our drinks and were told our table was ready. Bartender said she would bring us our drinks to our table. We tried the Jack Rabbit. It was very good, but a bit on the sweet side.
Our dinners were fantastic. I had been craving vegetables since we were traveling, I wasn't eating nearly the amount of veggies that I eat at home. I had the kale salad - excellent, but more spice than I expected and the veggie burger with cole slaw. Everything was excellent and I had enough leftover for my lunch the next day. My husband had prime rib, which he thought was excellent. 
I plan on trying out the one in Irvine (closest to home for me), but the reviews are very mixed on that location.Last summer was the first time that I was able to make it back to Houston's since I had first eaten there, about a month before Katrina.  I was delighted to discover that it was better than ever.
When I first got there, I was told that there would be a 45 minute wait.  Instead, I ate with a friend at the bar and the mood was great.  Because we were sitting at the bar, we were served quickly and I already had my food when I was told that I could move to a table, if I wanted.
I went on a Friday night, and apparently this is a night that they have live music.  Or maybe it's every night.  My only complaint would be that the music was super loud for such a small place, so it was hard to talk.  Other than that, I would definitely go back.Houston's has my favorite Spinach Artichoke dip. I have been eating here for years, and the rest of the menu has always been quite good as well, but the dip is the best!Real good service staff. Food was ok. I had a burger. Everything else was pretty over priced to me.On a recent trip to NO, we stopped in at Houston's on a busy Saturday night without reservations. The staff was very friendly and efficient, and we were seated in a very reasonable time.  The service and food were fine, but the real highlight of the evening was the live jazz band.  A very pleasant New Orleans experience that we would recommend to anyone.This is my Fav place to go when I'm in town, everything on the menu is yummy I've been coming here for 10 years and the food is always amazing , so tasty you have to visit if u never been. Great food , cocktails and place .Horrible Customer Service.  They REFUSED to seat a party larger than six.  Their position is that it is THEIR policy and they would not waiver.     On Friday, 12/2 at 3:00 p.m. --- the restaurant was less than half full.  We were a party of 7 (4 adults, 1 college freshman, 2 children), from 3 different cities, and of course we wanted to sit at the same table to visit.  Management absolutely REFUSED to let us pull up a chair.  We were short on time so we stayed, but be assured, it is the last time.            This policy is not stated on their website so you have no way of knowing until you get to the restaurant.We decided to have dinner here on our last night in New Orleans.  The ambiance is very nice and the live jazz music is very pleasant.  
We ordered steak and my husbands steak was undercooked but he liked it nonetheless.  We noticed that much of the food was overly salty and my brocolli was crunchy (undercooked).  Also when we walked into the restaurant the kitchen is off to the left and I saw a cook searing some chicken on a grill and texting at the same time.  Maybe if they stop texting and pay more attention to cooking, their food might turn out better.  My prime rib was fine but they forgot to give me the fries that comes with it and I had to ask for horshradish twice....so a bit annoying.
The bill came to over $150 for 3 people.  It was OK but I feel like I could have gotten a better meal elsewhere for the money.Since reading my review & several others, I dressed better, got in my Jeep, and went over to Houston's for a prime rib.
Sorry, Sir, we have no prime rib cooked less than medium tonight !
Oh-Oh, a kitchen accident.  So, went with the rib-eye with horseradish sauce on the side.
Looked around, all fellow diners were in shorts & flops. Shucks, I couldda come as I was !
So, nothing special tonight; rating stays at 3-stars.
Still, a solid place, will be back.Ordered Togo and when I got home food was freezer cold. The worst part about and called and spoke to the manager and her explanation was they are not an Togo restaurant. Will think twice before spending my good hot money with them again.Their food's consistency is the key to returning customers. The menu isn't that extensive but everything on it is top notch. They were super busy (usually are) so not a lot of personal attention from staff. Nothing was missing from the order though and everything delicious. Burger was cooked properly. They had prisoner wine by the glass which was a score. The live music was a real treat. It's a beautiful place. Great for a date night.Every time I come Houston's is always a joy. The workers who cook the food always go out of there way to please my taste buds with bold a new flavors.  So hats off to them. Keep up the good work.I just had their Cajun Trout and it was amazing. Spicy and a little buttery very easy to eat. There kale salad was amazing. I don't know how they make it but it had zero bitterness and it tasted really fresh.
I absolutely love that Houston's has a parking lot behind the restaurant. In New Orleans this makes life so convenient.
On a cold day here in New Orleans it was great to have a warm cozy booth. And the staff is always helpful without being intrusive.O.m.g. the food was delicious!  The ribs were tender. I mean fall off the bone, i don't wanna share,  tender.  The mashed potatoes,  home run. Then, the drinks were STRONG.  Can't even tell you what the glass looked like because they never let it get empty.  Yes, HOUSTON,  yes. I'll definitely be back  (in Arnold Schwarzenegger voice).The prime rib was perfect. The service was flawless. The only reason for 4 stars was excess dressing on the shrimp Louis. And I have to say, the shrimp on the Louis were spectacular! Huge and perfectly cooked!In the 90's, I used to frequent the Houston's in Metairie at least once a month. I have only been a couple of times in the past 7 years or so. My most recent visit was quite a shock. The menu is limited and the prices are sky high! They no longer offer my favorite salad, the sunbelt salad, so I settled for a house salad. I am wondering if they use cabbage instead of lettuce, because it was so tough and did not wilt even after I put extra dressing on it. Yes, they charge $1.00 for extra dressing, that is pretty trifling....
The prime rib was $32 and just came with a potato. Really?? I had a 12 ounce steak at Emeril's Delmonico recently, I don't even think it was that much, it and it came with pureed potatoes, sauteed spinach and bread. The prime rib was cooked perfectly, but really, it was not that much different than the one at Texas Roadhouse, which is about $15.95 and comes with two side dishes (can get a full size dinner salad as a side) and bread.
It's like they are trying to be "fine dining" but they still have hamburgers and chili on their menu. They are more like Zea's but with Delmonico's prices. Just save your money and eat at one of the other places I mentioned, you will feel better about it.I love Houston's. The food is great. I have been coming her for years and I will continue to! Its a chain restaurant but the food has more flavor than many of the so-called local restaurants. I may be bias since I was born and raised here, but I think my opinion counts. The food presentation is always near perfect, and the baked potatoes are to die for. This will forever be my favorite restaurant.I love the ambiance of this restaurant. The band was playing in the background, but not so loud where you couldn't carry a conversation. The staff was very friendly and we did not want for anything. Now for the food.....the Hawaiian Ribeye melted in your mouth served with a fully loaded baked potato, but no vegetable, which could have been ordered as a side. Also, the chinese chicken salad was delicious and had the best flavor. I would definitely eat here again.Short wait. Welcoming barkeep. Nice live jazz. Grilled artichoke appetizer was novel, light, and very tasty. Warm, wet washcloths for hand cleaning were an unexpected pleasure. Caesar salad was superb - classic, bite-sized romaine, fresh dressing with the perfect balance of lemon and anchovy, and house-made croutons. The BBQ ribs were very tender and delicious. The apple cobbler was disappointing. The service was quite good, though a little rushed.Simply, yet delicious. Go for the Hawaiian rib eye, medium well...  loaded baked potatoes withe the fixing on the side.Prime rib was incredibly salty and cold. Boyfriend enjoyed his salmon but I was extremely unimpressed. Our server, though, was a sweetheart who took good care of us. I appreciate her removing the prime rib from the bill but I wont be back to try the other options.This is one of my favorite restaurants and whenever I spot one I'm there.  Dined at the bar area and listened to the nice jazz ensemble .  The bar area is a good location when eating solo.  I ordered the bone-in prime rib which was cooked to perfection.and served with a loaded baked potato which was also good.  The location is superb just right off St Charles in the Art Deco district which has a nice selection of eateries.  Take the streetcar and enjoy the sites on the way.This is my first time eating at Houston's. The waitresses and bartender was very attentive. I'm big on customer service. Customer Service is excellent. The food is high quality and well prepare. The cooking process of my prime rib was correctly done. I'm very impress with the attention to details. My drink was prepare with freshly squeeze Grapefruits ,Lemons and Oranges. The level bar was raise high today. This was an experience. I will be back again.Honestly amazing food and jazz music . Some of the best food i have had and to top it all off the customer service is amazing . Truly amazing so impressed!The Hawaiian Ribeye was insanely good.  It was a great dining experience and food quality was excellent all around. Thanks to the staff that took care of us right before the curfew started for Hurricane Irma, you made our day!The food was surprisingly delicious! There's not a ton of character (it definitely seems like a chain restaurant) but the food made up for it.Ambience of this restaurant is great. I love the large open space and the classy high back seats. The restaurant is self park and located on St Charles Avenue. Very great place to have lunch. I'm not particularly crazy about the quality of the food. The flavor aren't quite complex enough for the dishes I had. OpenTable is a handy application they use when you're in a hurry and need to make reservations online.The service is always super and food is consistently delicious. We always start off with the smoked salmon and oysters. I usually order the Hawaiian ribeye, but opted to try the French dip prime rib sandwich instead. Flavors and prime rib melts right in your mouth. I don't like to dip the sandwich too much because it's a little too salty when you dip a lot. The horseradish sauce served with the sandwich is really good. The Jackrabbit drink was amazing as well, though anything with tequila in it is   quite enjoyable.This restaurant is close to my office, and have been there twice since I've landed in NOLA.  Had fish both times...a grouper sandwich which was good, but heavy on the cabbage slaw that was on the sandwich.  Today for lunch, I tried the redfish with rock shrimp...seriously good.  Yes it's overpriced, so I'm trying to keep it to once a week.  Sometimes you just need a nice lunch!  Parking was a little full today, but there is a lot across the street.Ordered the filet medium rare. . $45. Came out medium well to well. Terrible. Didn't eat half of it and server never asked how it was. Done with themThis place is bustling, but they make lunch so easy.  Sat at the bar, ordered the shrimp salad special (boiled shrimp tossed in 1000 Island dressing over a lettuce wedge with avocado, tomato, olive oil vinaigrette), back at the office around 1 pm.  Thank you Houston's.  I am a fan!One of the most beautiful restaurants in the city!   Consistently great quality food, service & ambiance. Though a chain, this one offers local seafood.  The "Oysters St. Charles" are the BEST!!!   I'm often here alone on business & can always find a place at the large bar for dinner & entertainment from the nightly Jazz band.   :)I don't generally rate chain restaurants, but Houston's is one of those exceptions.  After a long day of court and introductions, I decided to take my good friend out to a early dinner to celebrate some surprising successes.
Firs off parking:  while finding parking on St. Charles is usually a reason to knock off a couple of stars for a restaurant, Houston's has its own guarded, private lot on the backside near the entrance. Not knowing this, I parked on the street at $1.50 an hour and quickly realized my mistake and pulled it  around back where I did not have to worry about time restraint or theft.
We arrived early so their was no wait or crowds.  I really enjoy their open kitchen and took home some tile ideas from patterns they had in their bathroom.
Once we were seated we were promptly attended to by a very friendly and amicable waitress who provided us with ***** star service.  I started with the Newport Beach Clam Chowder (**** 1/2 stars)  which was rich,  creamy, with the perfect size cut potato and plenty of clam in every spoonful.
For our entree we both had the Hawaiian Ribeye (**** stars)  which was perfectly cooked and aged 24 hours in the ginger soy marinade.  Their was a decent char and grill lines as you would expect on such a great cut of meat.
It comes with a side, where we split a loaded baked potato (**** stars) and the braised cabbage (**** stars) which is topped with three nice globs of bleu cheese topping.  
They offer an excellent wine selection and I was quite happy with the price for service and quality of ingredients.Super good food, like as in maybe the best Caesar salad and artichoke spinach dip I've ever had, great jazzy atmosphere, and service is obviously very important. Better than I hoped for.First time here. And even though the wait was long it was well worth it. The wait staff was great and the host staff was awesome. MADe the experience so much more memorable. The prime rib and pomm purée was delicious.. I'll definitely return againBeen here several times now and every single time the food was great service was ok. I would definitely go back because the food.My first time visiting this Houston's and it exceeding my expectations!  The service was great.  The food was delicious and plentiful.  I went during lunch and the portion size was massive.  I enjoyed every single bite.  The restaurant was clean.  The staff was extremely hospitable.  I really enjoyed my experience.  I will definitely return the next time I am in NOLA!The grilled artichoke is fabulous. Smokey, tender and quite flavorful, thanks to the mesquite wood. The Hawaiian ribeye has excellent flavor. Unfortunately, the piece I received was unusually tough. However, the manager whisked it away and quickly replaced it with a wonderful new ribeye. The accompanying loaded baked potato is a must have! Bacon...yes please!
Great staff, excellent customer service and a cool location.
Note: get there early for lunch during the week because it starts to fill up at noon!Food was good, but with prices at $36 and $44 per plate, it better be! The service was BAD!  We waited 20 minutes to be seated which was Ok, but then we had to wait for another 30 minutes for our food. 
During the long wait,  we did not once see our waitress come back to check on us again. We were left with our small child size glass of water and abandoned. After 30 minutes we were starting to wonder if they just completely forgot that we were there. I was ready to just leave and pay for the one drink that was delivered to my husband 30 minutes ago. My husband went to ask the hostess about the food. And it finally arrived.  However, my daughter's steak was not well-done like she had asked, nor did my husband get the baked potato that he asked for. Half way through our meal, we had to ask for someone to refilled the small child size water cup. 
The food WAS NOT worth the wait nor abandonment. It is expected that the food is decent for the price.It's so rare that you find a restaurant where everything on the menu is good. Everything.  Houston's left Chicago a few years ago so we have had to settle for this dining experience in New orleans or Florida.   This is American comfort food at it's best.   Try the simple but delicious Gulf Fish Sandwich.   Sounds simple until you taste it.  The Apple Walnut Cobbler's reputation speaks for itself.   The Chicago-Style Spinach Dip is a heart-stopper for sure.Great food at reasonable prices. Has decided to no longer accommodate to-go orders. States that their food is meant to be ate there and not taken home. This really stinks since for the past 4 years I've gone there to get a French dip and fries or a burger and head home after a long day of work. No offense but you aren't Revolution, coquette, Lillette etc etc. This means I won't be going there anymore. Bad decision for your locals (consistent business).Awesome steakhouse! Atmosphere was great and the live jazz was on point. The smoked salmon appetizer was the best thing we ate! I think second would be mashed potatoes that come w the prime rib! If there's something you MUST order it's have to be the smoked salmon! I had lots of questions that were answered promptly and w great detail. The French fries were ok, just not what we were expecting! The same goes for the rainbow Swiss chard! The Caesar salad was the really awesome with the added chicken too!We had dinner at Houston's tonight.  Good wine, fiance had a great steak, my fish was cold.  I sent it back and it came back cold.  The waitress didn't seem to care.This place is always packed.
This place is close to my home.
This place is a large chain that almost closed when their corporate marketers-in-charge changed the name for about a year (Gulfstream, anyone?).
Decent service, consistent food, nice local live musicians playing in the bar, almost hotel pricing on cocktails and bar menu.
Sounds like I should be sitting in a hotel and get the upscale clientele, too.Great ambience and food.  We ordered the steak and noodle Thai salad and we're delighted with our choice.  Just right for a late dinner.   Everything was perfect.  Don't miss it if you are in the area.Had the Cheeseburger and French fries. It's beautifully reminiscent of a McDonald's burger. This is entirely a compliment. From the diced onions and pickle slices to the smallest bit of mustard on the bun. Even the fries, long shoestrings, harken to the childish joy of a McDonald's meal, only now enjoyed as a discerning adult.Had red fish which was excellent. Thai steak salad delicious. My husband had the pork chop and. Was great. Finished dinner off with apple cobbler which was amazing.Had a great prime rib, it was cooked perfectly, crispy french fries are really good. Love the atmosphere and the jazz.  I'll definitely come here again.Made a reservation and were told we would get a window table.  After a wait we were seated in the bar area.  The music was so loud that it was difficult to converse.
Ordered drinks.  Generous pours but no olives' as requested.  Second round no olives once again and the Diet Coke ordered came out as regular coke with out the requested limes.
All three of us had the crab cakes.  Lots of lump crabmeat, not filler.  However, under seasoned.  Needed salt, herbs, scallions, whatever.  Even had to ask for lemon.  Good sides and substitutions were easy.  Bread was never offered.  
Prices are at steakhouse levels but too many of the patrons are in shorts, tee shirts and fashionably ripped denim.  
Parking is free in back, but note that someone was carjacked there in the last two weeks.Just finished dinner with my big sister. Delicious spinach and artichoke dip and fantastic apple cobbler. As much as I wanted a cocktail, I'm too tired so I had an amazing Arnold Palmer. The lemonade was super fresh and the tea was perfectly sweet. Perfect ambiance for a date, but great for a sister dinner.This place is a good Steakhouse although you can feel that it is a food chaine. But nothing wrong with this, maybe just not for people in search of something more local or "cute". The food was really good. The staff could have been a little more responsive.I give the food 5 stars definitely! I had 6 people at my table who all ordered 6 different meals and every person loved their individual plates. 
The service is okay. We waited an hour for our table. I made reservations and showed up early but still had to wait. The atmosphere is very upscale and the hostess pretty much had her nose in the air so just be prepared. In conclusion VERY GOOD FOOD AND VERY WORTH IT.Usually good food and good service go together. Not so on our last visit to Houston's. The food was excellent even by New Orleans standards. Steak, chicken, crab cakes and big salad. All executed perfectly. 5 stars. BUT it took 15 minutes for my wife's drink to arrive and we were seated right next to the bar. Wait staff cleared our cutlery after the starter course but did not bring new cutlery after the main course was brought.  And a request for a glass of water yielded the tiniest cut of ice free water I could imagine.  
Only 1 star for service so 3 is a generous average. 
We had a lot of choices for this meal.  Next time we'll go elsewhere.When we arrived the hostess explained the wait would be 45 minutes. The hostess then explained that she could probably seat us faster. After 45 minutes my husband asked the hostess how much longer and she explained it would be 10 more minutes. After 15 minutes we asked again how much longer and she again 10 more. I asked her how long we had been waiting and she said an hour. Finally we were sat. After over an hour of waiting. When I first put my name in with the hostess I requested a high chair as our son is an infant and sits in a car seat. When we finally arrived to the table there was no high chair. I then went to the manager and requested one and he brought a chair for an infant that is at least 6 months old that can sit up. Our son is 3 months. My husband ordered a Manhattan. It tasted horrible. The server took over 30 minutes to take our order. The food is sub par, if that. The prices are high, especially when the service is horrible. I used to come to Houston's as a kid. This is definitely not the place I remembered as a kid.I like this location very nice decor and is located away from heavy traffic areas. The food was so good. Hawaiian steak is the best and salmon even though not a lot of flavor it worked and was cooked perfect. The hand breaded chicken fingers were good, not a menu item but you will be amazed at what they will do to accommodate. A bit pricey but worth a trip if you don't like Cajun menusWithout a doubt my favorite chain restaurant ever. The service and the food are always on point and I've never been disappointed. Maybe more restaurants should implement their system because it's fast efficient and it works. Everything is great hereIs the food good? Yes. Is the jazz band and atmosphere good? Yes. However... don't even bother making a reservation. We made a reservation online for 8:15pm and once we arrived we checked in with the hostess and stated we had a reservation. She then continued to tell us she will let us know when the table is ready. It has been 25 minutes and we still haven't been seated. If you allow walk in guests to be seated ahead of reservations then what's the point. We will now be late to our event due to this inconvenience. Had we known reservations weren't first priority we would had went else where.My boyfriend wanted a steak and I we had to compromise and find a place that had food that I eat because most typical steak houses do not. I hate steak. We chose Houston's and I'm so glad we did. He got the prime rib it I tried it and it was truly awesome. I do not like steak and I wanted to eat his entire meal. My food was great too! We are moving to NOLA in a month and we for sure be back!I LOVED HOUSTONS IN METAIRIE. This was my first experience at the St. Charles location. I will always love my Hawaiin Ribeye and the Smoked Salmon Appetizer. These are a solid two for my Houston's eve pertinenceI used to really love Houston's . We ate at the Metairie location several times a week. Always had very well prepared food , large portions and average pricing. These days, the food is good not great, the portions are much smaller ( barely twelve chips with the 16.00 spinach dip appetizer and my fr much fries were crumbs most were barely 3/4 of an inch long.  And 3.50 a glass for iced tea.I used to be a regular customer here, until this ridiculousness happened concerning to-go orders:
Restaurant on phone, "sorry, we're too busy to take to-go orders...but, you can come in and order from the bar."
Me, "ok."
*drives to restaurant and goes to bar*
Me, "yes, I'd like to place a to-go order."
Restaurant, "we're not taking to-go orders right now."
Me, "okay, what happens if I say I want to eat here?"
Restaurant, "sure, what would you like to order?"
Me, "couldn't I just get what I ordered to-go?"
I left at that point.  That was unbelievable.  The only difference would have been placing my order into a box, instead of serving it to me at a table.  If a manager sees this and would care to respond, I'd appreciate it.Horrible service. As my wife and I walked into the bar and looking for two open seats to have dinner. As I was nicely asked a lady to please move over one seat so two seats would open up, Omar the bartender looked at my wife and I and rudely told us to wait at the end of the bar and a bar-seat would eventually open up. My wife being embarrassed of Omar being abrasive wanted to leave. I then moved downstairs and spoke to the manager. As I was speaking to him of how rudely Omar was, Omar walked up into the conversation and spoke over me telling his manager that his customer was in the middle of her meal and should not had to move over one stool. The manager then stated as Omar walked away that he had been at Houston's forever and was the best bartender at their restaurant. The manager never once apologized or asked how the situation could be corrected. My wife and I left and will never be back. We averaged eating at Houston's twice per week but will never be back.Great everything.  The consistency borders on obsessive. Grilled artichokes, smoked salmon, ribs, oh my! Run, don't walk.We started our dinner with shrimp remoulade, big beautiful shrimp that had a great taste.  I had the prime rib, that was cooked just right.  My date had the Hawaiian ribeye.  Everything was really nice, except to many tourist.Had the redfish filet which was amazing along with the slaw and vegetables. Service was great definitely a good late night dinner.Just went to eat here. Great prime rib. Whipped potatoes weren't the best but I did not try until ate almost all my other food plus I love tons of butter on mine. Very friendly service. It is a true dining experience to be enjoyed with great live music.Hmmm, what separate's this Houston's from all the other Houston's I've been to....easy...
The French 75.  It's a popular New Orleans cocktail that consists of champagne and cognac with a twist.  This drink, the ribs and cole slaw complete my night.This place is a joy, amongst a whole bunch of sadness! After walking around this city for the best part of a week, looking for a good meal that does not consist entirely of deep fried muck, I finally discovered this place.
A great menu, great staff and great live music to help you through your plate.
I sincerely recommend Houston's!Well no surprise there always a good meal at another Houston's. Had the kale salad with chicken, and their amazing mashed potatoes!!! YummmmFood was wonderful!! Service was great. Just had appetizer,s, we had the smoked salmon and the grilled artichokes. I need to figure out how to replicate this at home.Everything on Houston's menu is consistently good. The service is good just a little robotic. I would give it 5 stars but I hate robots.Great lunch spot, am told dinner is PACKED and that the ribs are amazing.  I went with a fried shrimp remoulade that was quite good.  I'd like to try dinner, am assuming they have a much expanded menu with more fresh fish options.
Rather cool aside, the boats that landed in Normandy and many other WWII beaches were made at the site the restaurant now sits.One of my all time favorite restaurants! One word describes Houston...Consistent! You will not be disappointed. Tonight my crabcakes were delectable! Service is always top notch which is a plus!Great service.  What they do they do well. We had the fried oysters cajon red fish and crab cakes and some cocktails. Keep it simple.   Prefect.The best thing about Houston's Restaurant is they go out of there way to make it right. Every has it's up's and down's but Houston's makes it right no exceptions. You don't like something for any reason they swoop up your plate and fix it your way as many times as it takes to make you happy. Now that is a 10 for customer service. I am all for that.I love their tuna salad! It's one of the best salads I have ever had in my life. Their oysters are also the best fried oysters I have ever had at any restaurant!This is not about the food. Food at Houston's  (and all Hillstone properties) is generally good, ambiance generally very pleasant. But when it comes to bang for your buck? Forget it. They've raised their prices to the point that you might as well go to one of the many, many true fine dining restaurants in town. I don't MIND paying for a top notch meal and unique experience. But then, I'm not going to a chain joint for that. To top it off, Houston's has a new a policy -- serving "mini Coke bottles," at $2.75 each -- which means refills are dead. Instead, you get a new $2.75 bottle of Coke. The food server will lamely try to explain the chain is doing so "in the name of freshness." Supposedly, you get a better tasting Coke this way. Um, was this a mass complaint before? Stale Coke at Houston's? Laughable... It was the last straw. I usually love this place, happily went for wine with gal pals or dinners with the family. No more. Sorry, Houston's. If you come back to reality, maybe we'll see you again. But you can keep your $18 french dips and $2.75 mini bottle Cokes.I think the cuts of meats that we got were nice portion sized and cooked well. I was just missing the pisssaazzz of a great restaurant. The service was excellent the food was cooked nice but the flavors didn't jump out at me.The light jazz in the lounge was very nice for dining. The food, however was average and ordinary. Far too overpriced for ordinary food. Sorry Houston's...we will not be back.I don't really do chains when in cities like NO, but I stopped by Houston's to check it out last night, because I now have a friend who works in the kitchen. I wasn't hungry and didn't really feel like having an expensive meal, so I just went in to have a drink and scope out the place.
It was pretty busy for a Monday night. I went and sat at the bar and asked the bartender what I should order. He recommended the Uptown Collins, one of the signature cocktails on the menu, and I decided to go with it. Well, I think I'm in trouble, because I think Uptown Collins (gin, St. Germain, and fresh grapefruit) has become a new favorite cocktail. The bartender (Omar) was super awesome. Granted, I could have had a meal with that kind of money somewhere else, but I think it was worth it.
Nice ambiance, live jazz, open kitchen, competent staff. If I were a rich girl I might visit this place more frequently.
P.S. I have tried the food through the friend, although not at the resto and not during this visit, and it's pretty good.The food was wonderful I had the spinach and artichoke dip very good and the Hawaiian Steak w/ load potatoes great service and amazing musicFive stars - was there for lunch and the whole experience was fantastic.  On Memorial Day none the less.  Staff was professional. Food was incredible.  It's in first place on my list.  Yum!Was a very good meal. Ordered the Spinach Dip, Hawaiian Rib Eye and Kale side salad. The atmosphere was very cool and classy. There was a live jazz band on a Tuesday.My friend and i went today and it was our first time here. I must say the food was delicious! She had the steak and i had the rotisserie chicken. It was so good! I highly recommend checking this place out.Came here for lunch as we're in town visiting family. The atmosphere is incredible. Very busy staff & they all take care of their table in addition to others' as they see necessary. Our server was attentive. I ordered a Caesar Salad with grilled chicken. It was good, but was disappointed that no bread or crackers were served. We also didn't get a glass of water. A restaurant of this caliber should automatically serve this to all patrons.Food is excellent. Service superb. Call in advanced and will save you the 1and a half wait. Seare tuna salad is above par. The cheeseburger is a classic but the ribs are superbHouston's never disappoints! 
Located on the street-car line of St. Charles Ave, the restaurant has an exposed kitchen flaming up mouthwatering rib-eye steaks, baby back ribs, and grilled artichoke right next to the waiting area. There are usually 6 or 7 different parties waiting for a table, unless you come early. However, you can always opt to eat at the bar near the jazz trio if you're with 1 other person. 
I love music in the evening. It's never too loud or fussy, but it just brings this euphoric vibe that is so relaxing and exciting at the same time. Decor is simple, clean and has a touch of modern appeal with their giant artichoke chandeliers. The service is always impeccable and the food is always amazing. Yes, always. Not one out of the 98 times have I had a bad experience here! 
So let's get down to the food already: 
APPETIZERS: 
The Oysters St. Charles are my absolute favorite! (Only the Houston's on St. Charles Ave. offers this item) 
The Smoked Salmon is ah-ma-zing, period. 
Spinach & Artichoke dip is the the MASTER of all those little spinach & artichoke wannabes out there. 
ENTREES: 
If you're watching your figure and looking for something light, the Sashimi Tuna Salad will satisfy both your stomach and the scale. Ask for the cilantro-ginger vinaigrette on the side. 
Ready to indulge? The BBQ pork ribs literally fall off the bone. Yummm. 
However, the one entree that always makes my heart beat fast and wins me over every time......THE HAWAIIAN RIB-EYE! When I say, "medium rare plus," they know exactly what I mean. Perfection. 
DESSERTS: 
The warm walnut brownie is so good it makes you instantly feel guilty. Ask for 2 or 3 scoops of vanilla ice cream because 1 is simply not enough. 
Enjoy!Food and service pretty almost on point all the time had a great lunch date with girlfriends .Love love love my food & waiter service.  My friend booked us reservations & of course everyone didn't get their on time; however, once everyone arrived it took 3 different friends to go up to hostesses to tell them we were all here. I went and when I gave the the name they said, "Okay", but they didn't have anyone listed under my friend's named.  They continued to tell us okay & left us sitting there for an additional 20 minutes.  Now had anyone of the three young ladies, asked me or friends to verify the name, we could've been eating 20 minutes earlier.This was my first meal in New Orleans and I was not disappointed! The steak was pricey but delicious! The drinks were great as well. It was very busy for a Sunday night so the wait time was about 20 minutes. I would definitely recommend this restaurant if you want to splurge or impress your dining companion !Always a pleasure when we dine here! Our waitress, Agne,  was extremely polite and very efficient! They revamped their menu so we were pretty sad to see that the smoked salmon appetizer was no longer on the menu (insert sad face here). She suggested the jalapeño cornbread and it was a hit! Im very picky with my salmon and they made it perfectly! We also had the grilled artichoke, everyone said it was really good (especially with the sauce it came with). I'm not an artichoke heart type of girl so I can't really comment. The steak was also amazing but a little too rich for me but the piece I ate off his plate was delicious! We ate ourselves into such a food coma but definitely left satisfied!!I always enjoy this place! Not the dressiest or fanciest place ever, but certainly never disappointing! Every time I go here, this place always seems to get me in the right places! The appetizers such as the Oysters and Smoked Salmon are always a must for me. As for the entree , the seared tuna salad, Hawaiian ribeye, or the crab cakes are ALWAYS good. All three and simply so good and just so flavorful! Nothing wrong with this place too! The live music sets a nice mood and the ambience is great. Not loud and the lighting is okay. It could be a BIT brighter at some areas of the restaurant (under the big plant) but other than that, this place is always promising to anyone that wants to eat good. I recommend (:As stated by some other reviewers, for a chain restaurant, Houston's is at the top of their game. They are consistently good and value priced for the food and experience.
Went to the St. Charles, New Orleans location Friday eve @ 18:45.  Rear parking near full but parked in Walgreen's lot (don't tell !).  The front desk young gentleman was totally professional and accommodating.  He was arranging a table for us while we had drinks at the bar with option to dine there while enjoying quality live entertainment.  The bartender / service provider was the consummate experienced professional with great spirit and skill.  The front desk person came to seek our table/bar option but we elected to dine at the bar.  The 'generous pour' call brand martini's were well shaken, frosted and garnished to perfection. We opened with the grilled artichokes (fantastic).  The butterflied grilled trout was perfectly charred and moist to perfection while my double cut pork chop was lean, moist and portion generous. Ambiance was very comfortable, relaxing, good sound acoustics.  Prices were fair.  Overall: a great experience comparable to area flagship restaurant type dining.  Listen out for pianist Mike Pellera.  One of our best players in town.We live nearby and have dined here about ten times in the past four years.
We rarely use chains; but, this place is pretty good even by N.O.standards.
Lotsa parking in lot.  Near-perfect steaks, nice adaptations of local fare, ambiance OK, fine premises.
Many locals eat here.Ive loved you, Houston's, for 15 years.  You know i've been faithful, constant and true. A weekly regular. I stuck through your random Gulf Coast days, your ridiculous menu change days and even when you made the staff wear those weird sheriff badges.
But tonight is goodbye. You turned your back on this regular, so she turns hers in return. 
Your lack of a bike rack was problematic (and, honestly, kinda short-sighted) but your response and utter lack of hospitality - especially when THAT is what defines you - was a sad surprise to this 1-time bike-rider. Honestly, I never ride a bike. I'm certainly not a bike-activist. So breaking up over THIS demonstrates how much I felt dismissed by your mgr. 
I will miss my friends on your bar team, your salmon and your martinis. I will not miss the $85+/visit I was spending. But I'd gladly keep spending it except that whatever change has occurred in your management team which no longer seems to care much about its clients makes it important to take a stand. 
Bicyclists are people, too. 
Just not people welcome at Houstons, I guess.This place used to be known for its great service - I can't say that's true anymore. My date said there was nothing Hawaiian about her "Hawaiian steak," which used to be one of her favorite meals. I don't think we'll be tolerating these kinda of prices at Houston's again. The location and ambiance are nice, though.This is now one of my favorite restaurants in NOLA.  Occasionally you find a restaurant with the perfect amalgamation of divine food, attentive, friendly waitstaff, and distinctive decor that is beautiful, interesting, and relaxing just to look at.  Semicircular leather banquettes, lit, wood arches, chandeliers that reminded me of paper artichokes.  But the food is the important thing, right?  My husband and I weren't very hungry, so a light dinner was in order.  We both had Tortilla Soup with satisfying chunks of avocado.  My husband had Oysters St. Charles that were delicious; battered and flash-fried oysters on beds of creamed spinach on half shells.  The creamed spinach had just the hint of nutmeg that makes it perfection.  He couldn't manage dessert, but I took an apple-walnut cobbler with a scoop of local ice cream, back to our room.  A perfect midnight snack!  We were surprised and delighted to enjoy a competent jazz trio on an early Tuesday evening.  Not really Creole or Cajun food, but if you've ODed on it, this is an alternative.This place is always a good standby for a business lunch or nice dinner with the family. It is a chain but on the level of  Morton's. Their spinach and artichoke dip is always a winner and ask what the soup of the day is because the potato is very good. You might also be interested in knowing they use all fresh squeezed orange and grapefruit juices at the bar. Thanks for reading .Menu is limited....steak came out not to order..."BUT" the waitress and manager showed real good professionalism and fix our order right away....the food is good just not to many options to choose from.Houstons is one of the best restaurants in New Orleans.  The food is always great and the service is near perfect.  They have the best crab cakes I have ever had.  A great range of menu items.I didnt even know this was part of a restaurant group. It is very dark at night and nice and airy during the lunch rush.
I have had lunch here a few times and once i had the crab cake once and never looked back. This baby is huge! There is barely any breading in it, just tons and tons of delicious lump crabmeat.
I would never think to order ribs for dinner at a nice restaurant but I was convinced one night. Soup to nuts these are the best ribs i have ever had. The meat falls of the bone so easily its almost like they are trying to get in your mouth as fast as they can.
I hate coleslaw. Let me repeat. I hate coleslaw. That being said, this was so good I ended up getting an order to go.
I definitely hitting this place up if you are in the neighborhood.Amy and I have been dining at Houston's since High School. Many of our early dates consisted of dinner at Houston's and flirting. We have always loved the field green salad with buttermilk garlic dressing. Amy is a fan of the Fried Chicken Fingers with Honey Mustard. I love the shoestring crispy fries and their iron skillet beans. We have tried everything on the menu over the years and have never been disappointed. It is consistent service and consistent food quality in a great environment. It gives a local feel considering it is a small chain.As a huge fan of Houston's, I was a bit disappointed with this location. Everybody who has been to Houston's is familiar with their killer ribs and spinach dip. Thus, I went for both items. My date opted for a Caesar salad and shared the spinach dip with me as well. 
To begin, I made a reservation for 7:15 PM and arrived exactly at 7:15 PM. For some reason, my date and I had to wait 20 minutes to be seated. They did not tell us why, but if you have a reservation I expect to be seated promptly. 
The waiter was great. He checked in on us multiple times and really cared about helping us. The spinach dip was BOMB. It is without a doubt the best spinach dip I've ever had. It's also nice that they serve salsa and sour cream with it in case you want to switch it up. 
I was disappointed with the ribs. The taste was definitely there, but it was served way too cold. I probably should have sent them back, but I had already filled up on dip that I didn't really care too much. That being said, for the amount I paid for this meal, I expected my ribs to be top-notch and certainly not cold. 
For an establishment so known like Houston's, I expected way better.Excellent food! Everything! I tried something new to my taste buds, the Beef Thai Noodle Salad.. Very good combination. I wish they never took this out of ChicagoWe showed up without reservations and were seated fairly quickly. The service was good and the food was delicious. Our experience lived up to the Houston's reputation.I've had dinner there many time. The for is good and the service is good. I am in a wheelchair, and they do everything possible to make me feel welcome. The food is consistent, and prepared with great careReally great place for a burger.  I haven't had a good burger in NO despite the reputation of places like Yo Mama's.  I was very glad to find a great burger here.  Big enough to share and still be full.  The down side though, a big down side, is that this Houston's doesn't have a byob policy.  They looked at me like I was a freak for bringing my own bottle of wine.  The locations in California allow you to bring your own bottle and have no corkage fee!After some communications with "HQ", we were back at Houston's tonight.  I had prime rib, medium rare; wife had crab cakes.  Both were excellent, as before.
Got to meet shift manager, Shawn, from Boston.  Got a big comp'd desert, too.
So, to recap:  this is one of the only two chain restaurants that we frequent.  This location is "best of chain", well-managed.  
Some items are very good; prime rib, crab cakes, tortilla soup, cheeseburgers, etc.  
Nice décor, good easy parking, dress very casual to coat-n-tie.  Nothing ever really bad here, in five years.  So, we come back regularly.
Live piano in bar area.
We had a super-great waitress tonight, "Lindsey" !
Bottom line:  Good, stable, well run local location of chain.  And, despite recent small difficulties, this place is reliable & consistent.
We'll continue to dine here once a month, or so !    You should too !
RickThis was our first time coming to Huston's in New Orleans. We frequently eat at sister restaurants Hillstone in SF and Rutherford Grill in Napa Valley , CA. Hillstone in SF recently discontinued the Hawaiian Ribeye but New Orleans still has it! We were excited also to have the Skillet jalapeño cornbread we normally get at Rutherford Grill. This location was the  BEST of all. We had impeccable service from or waiter, Nate, making us feel at home. We will definitely be back and will recommend to all!Awesome atmosphere and even better food, also service second to none. Live jazz band is welcome entertainment in a reserved inviting place. The filet is out of this world, and definitely try their signature cornbread appetizer.Tried to eat at Houston's on St. Charles Ave tonight with my family while visiting New Orleans.  We were told that they cannot accommodate more than six people and even had the nerve to suggest that the extra person would have to be seated at a different table.  So if we had 12 people they could accommodate two tables with six each but they could not accommodate one table of seven.  Really, should we have pulled straws, or should I have just chosen my son, nephew, sister, or niece to sit elsewhere?  I will never eat here and will never recommend Houston's to anyone.  This is clearly NOT the same Houston's that I used to frequent when I lived in New Orleans.  Absolutely ridiculous!Love this place!!! Consistent. Professional. Friendly. My amazing lunch was made even better by my server Chrystal and her amazing recommendations . Like the kale salad tossed in a peanut vinegarette,,,BRILLIANT!! Always worth every penny!!Best prime rib roast I've had in 20 years (Larry's Pascagoula) my wife voted French dip best she's had for a long time and the boy ate all of his kids cheeseburger.  Nice atmosphere with jazz trio playing wide range of piano based music.Had to let everyone know bout my meal last night! Went in for dinner after watching some football. Me and my friend went to Houston's to get the crab cakes. Unfortunately they didn't have any, but their manager ryan really made up for it! He sent us some fried oysters and a loaf of cornbread! Sooooooo good. Everything we had was great. Would recommendMY FAVORITE RESTAURANT EVER!
I come to Houston's Restaurant once every week. 
Personal Favorites: 
Appetizer: Smoked Salmon, Spinach Artichoke Dip, and Oyster St. Charles (MY FAVORITE). 
Salad: Traditional Salad with Honey Mustard. 
Entree: Prime Ribs with a side of Bake Potato and French Fries. 
Dessert: Brownies with Ice Cream on top. 
Good Location and 5 star service. 
I LALALALALOVEEEEE IT!
Updated: it's unfortunate that i call 5x's (im not even exaggerating) for take out and they said they wont be able to do it at the moment. -1 star for my favorite restaurant.The food and service at Houston's is world class. I have consistently had excellent experiences in this dancerie. The GM must really know what she's doing. Get the smoked salmon appetizer. Rich, tender, and decadent.After a weekend of deep fried foods and local eateries we decided to end the vacation with some familiarity.  You can't go wrong with Houston's no matter what city you are in.  My system was going into vegetable withdrawal, so on this night I opted for the salad (topped with fried oysters...hee...hee) it was simplistic, yet tasty.   Houston's always delivers good food, and moderate prices.As good as it gets for being a chain restaurant!  Everything on the menu is GREAT!  I haven't had a bad meal yet and I visit this establishment frequently. The service is good and the dinner menu are reasonably priced.  Here's a tip: If you're a fan of Houston's Cole Slaw, Spinach Artichoke Dip or Spicy Caesar Salad Dressing then go online there are many copy cat recipes that are close to the real thing.ON POINT! Honestly I tried to stay clear of going here because I thought it was another "chain". I found out tonight it is not technically a chain but a "corporation." Anyway, I will now continue to support it because they provide exceptional service. I had no reservation, walked in, it was clearly busy, three beautiful women at the host stand greeted us and said there would be a short wait. Love the exposed kitchen near the entrance. In a few minutes we were seated at a nice booth. My waiter Kaleb was awesome. I didn't feel at anytime he was trying to up sell me anything. I know about waiters shaming guests for not ordering a full 3 course meal and drinks. His  attitude was great, even when I declined to drink. He made a great suggestion to have the oysters. Very tasty!! For my entree I went for the Thai salad.  The beef tips on the salad were to perfection with seasoning and a perfect mid rare. I am definitely coming back for this! The establishment is clean, great ambience with the lighting and live music. The manger even came over to check on us twice. Once to great us and the second time to inform us that there would be a lag on the desert, they were making fresh whip cream. These are the things that keep this place popping and I assume people coming back. It's called PROFESSIONALISM!! Kaleb is such a sweetie that he shared a personal story of how a fellow employee with the company had lost their child and had no means to afford a burial. The corporation took care of the family. This is a place I want to support. Kaleb also went on to say one of the servers has been there for 27yrs, this is very telling of a great establishment. I was really moved by Kaleb's enthusiasm for this company and his job. When the check came, Kaleb comp'd the oysters and desert, because he said I was a pleasure. It takes nothing to be nice. Kaleb gave me a wonderful dining experience which will keep me coming back. Again ON POINT!Great steaks,  had tge oysters without spinach.   Everything was really good.  Service was quick, even through the place was hopping n a week nightLIVE JAZZ every night! my wife and I love Houston's and went there last night to celebrate out 8th anniversary. The live jazz is excellent, the atmosphere is fun and watching t street cars pass by outside gives you a great New Orleans feel. I strongly recommend that you visit Houston's!If you're going to eat at a chain restaurant in the city, choose this one.
Order the Oysters Saint Charles and the Wood Grilled Artichokes - Six Fried off oysters ontop of a half shell with creamed spinach and a little drizzle of aioli and then the artichokes that are slightly burnt - but extremely buttery with a remoulade dipping sauce, it's absolutely perfect. 
Entree wise - The Hawaiian Ribeye, which is now renamed some soy ribeye, but to me it tastes exactly the same, is amazing. Extremely juicy, full of flavor and usually cooked perfectly to your temperature. The Thai noodle salad is also amazing too - great balance of citrus, fresh herbs, chicken or steak and noodles, it's pretty amazing.
For a chain, not bad. Not bad at all.I have been a fan of the St. Charles Avenue Houston's since the 1980's. Having moved to Atlanta, I also frequented the many locations around town (Lenox, Peachtree, Windy Hill, and Dunwoody before they changed to J. Alexander). I returned to NOLA in 2009 and will tell you that Houston's has been my "go to" place, whether it be my dirty martinis, a steak, roasted chicken, soup or salad, this is where my husband ate more than any restaurant in the city. We do eat out a lot, so there are other local non-chain favorites. When I say, I have enjoyed many, many, meals at Houston's and have spent probably tens of thousands of dollars over the course of the last 30 years, I am not exaggerating. We have defended Houston's to Tom Fitzmorris on his afternoon food radio show. Tom is no fan! We knew Oscar, the bartender at the Peachtree Avenue location and saw such a resemblance in Omar at the St. Charles Avenue location, we asked Omar about it and sure enough, it is his brother that works in Atlanta. We have had nothing but impeccable attention from your bartender, Paul, who works evening nights. Lauren has always been good.
But today, I share a very different view. The Metairie location was closed recently; the only reason I ate at that location occasionally was because the St. Charles Avenue location did not offer the club salad (with fried chicken strips). My husband was at the St. Charles location with guests from California Monday a week ago and texted me that the St. Charles location had added the club salad to the menu. I was very glad to receive this news. My husband had taken our guests to Houston's for lunch as he told them, "I think Houston's has the best oyster dish in the city, that is, Oysters St. Charles." Much to his disappointment, he didn't want to raise it in from of his guests, but the two dozen Oysters St. Charles they ordered, were on the cold side as was the spinach they were sitting on. All proceeded to eat them, however. My husband had  not told me about this until we went to eat at Houston's yesterday, Sunday for a late lunch. We sat at the bar as we always do. I was appalled to have received, cold, thready, difficult to cut they were so cold, chicken strips on my salad. There was no bacon on it either. No sooner did I ask the person delivering the food to get me edible chicken, my husband put his hand on his fries and they were ice cold. Mind you the new "Manager," Lindsay was steps away entertaining her three friends at the bar (proceeding to reach across one of them, going so far as cutting food on one of their plates, and eating off their plate as she leaned over). We sent our food back. Any manager would have been told and would have informed the kitchen to make our re-order a priority. No, not Lindsay. She stayed around socializing with friends and told the bartender, "Their check is on me," referring to her friends, while paying guests, my husband and I, waited another 25 minutes for the kitchen to redo our order. Again the fries were served cold and the chicken while warm, clearly had been sitting around for at least 5-10 minutes before someone served it to us. We were disgusted and, unfortunately, Lauren paid for it. She was left a poor tip as a statement, not because of her service. My husband spoke to the quality control guy about our food and he was apologetic stating, "That is unacceptable." That was the extent of it. We paid our full check and left vowing not to return. We will find another "go to" spot. This is New Orleans and there are other places. To the corporate office, the manager, Lindsay, demonstrated very unprofessional, immature, irresponsible, and unfocused behaviors while on duty. She clearly was showing off in front of friends while neglecting her responsibilities. Please rethink your decision here. I would like to be able to convince my husband to return.This is probably one of the most favorite restaurants in New Orleans. The food was so so good. The service was incredible! He was so nice and friendly. Definitely come back.I am usually a huge fan of this restaurant but I just didn't enjoy my food this time around. The staff was nice, the restaurant was clean, and the wait time was minimal. The food was cooked properly but it was all so bland. We ordered the spinach dip which was good, smoke salmon, cheeseburgers, ribs, red fish, and some house salads. I'm not sure what happened this time around, but I'm going to give it another go in the future.Been here a couple times, classy place to hang out, great service also, however, they got some strict rules about big parties.  Good ambiance, live music, great service, and good food.  We had the following:
- Wood Grilled Artichokes:  something to nibble on while you wait for your food, not many people I know are a fan of this, however, I enjoy this
- Chicago-style Spinach Dip:  your basic spinach dip, nothing special
- Home Smoked Salmon: smoke salmon served with toast and some sort of dill sauce, not bad, but can live without
- Double Cut Pork Chop: cured in house and hardwood grilled, served with braised red cabbage; I always get steak here, so gave this a try, boy was it good, very juicy and delicious, and the braised red cabbage enhances the flavor very well
- Rib-eye steak: soy ginger marinade, served with loaded baked potato; the steak that I always get when I get here, and it is always delicious!
Houston's is a great place to take a date or take your family to.  Will always come back!Houston's is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans!! The atmosphere is great. The service is good. I had the crab cakes with a baked potato and oh my gosh I have not had better food! The crab cakes were perfection. I can not wait until I can go back to this restaurant!Some meals are just magical. Tonight was one of those nights. Houston's far exceeded my expectations on food, atmosphere, and especially service. 
Our server, Jenice, was a fantastic server. She was friendly, wonderful with our children (I love it when a server takes the time to talk and engage with our kids!), and knew just when to ask about refills, new courses, etc. 
The food: The kitchen looked spotless and professional. Top notch options for the kiddos. Our oldest actually ate most of her cheeseburger, which is highly unusual for her. The little one had fried fish that I couldn't help stealing a few bites of. Super moist and flaky fish with housemade batter. Our entrees were both excellent. I had the Thai Steak and Noodle salad, which was executed well. Balance of sweet and spice, juicy steak and mangoes, crispy veg and peanuts. My better half had the Prime Rib which he polished off. He wasn't in the mood to go out and celebrate his birthday, but after this gem of a meal he left satisfied and in a great mood. The live jazz also put us in the holiday spirit, and was such a vibrant addition to the atmosphere.  We're definitely coming back, and I just don't say that about too many places. Nice job Houston's team!I'm not a fan of chains, but Houston's is awesome. Yep. I said it. It's AWESOME.
The wood grilled artichokes are to die for. I crave them all the time. They come with an aioli kind of sauce, that is so great.
Now here's the really awesome part: the smoked salmon appetizer. It's a GIANT block of house smoked amazing salmon. It comes with toast points and a mayo dippy sauce with herbs. It's so good.
I almost never finish a meal here. The only time I do is if I only order the salmon.
The fried fish sandwich is amazing too and huge. I love it. It really is giant. The crab cakes are fantastic too. 
I also love to eat at the bar - it's really nice and comfortable. 
So yes. I will eat at this chain. And I eat there pretty regularly. It's so... good. 
The coffee is also delicious!One of my favorite restaurant. Although I am not too fond of restaurant chain, Houston food have proven countless time not to be a disappointment. Spinach and artichoke dip is a starter must! All of their salad choices are phenomenal. The steaks are juicy and flavorful. Chicken-good! Well, maybe stay away from the burger...eww.  I find that the food taste better on St. Charles than the one on Veteran.Possibly the best chain restaurant in the world.  In NOLA, live jazz, one the best Caesar salads (with crispy fried oyster) ever, fantastic grill cooks. Reasonable wine choices, just fantastic.Houston's is one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans. Their Hawaiian Rib-eye is in my opinion the best thing on the menu. The service is great and if you're looking to splurge a little more, make sure you get the Warm Five Nut Brownie!When did Houston's become more expensive than Ruth's Chris????
The chain was always pricey but it is getting ridiculous.
Spinach and Artichoke Dip (a must every time you go) is now $14.
My cheeseburger with fries: $15.  Decent burger but it was $15!!!
Tuna salad (sashimi stye): $19.
Although always crowded and not bad food, for the price I do not get why this place is such a favorite in New Orleans.  In this price category, there are so many better restaurants to chose from.  Can you believe they charge $15 for a cheeseburger?!?My favorite steakhouse great location. Great atmosphere great service everything about this place is amazing and food is made fresh.It has been just years since I've been to Houstons & years years since I've been to THIS Houston's 
We got grilled artichokes as an appetizer (mmmm salty, good dipping sauce too ... & we had one leftover which the waitress packed up & gave us EXTRA SAUCE, how sweet is THAT??!!) 
Then like I said, it had been years since I had been there but I had remembered really liking their fish sandwhich ... I could have sworn it was a garlic spread that they had on it - but it sounded yummy w/ cold slaw on it - so I got that ... now you know... your sense of smell is so strong that it can bring you back what seems to be a million years? well, it happened to me... I brought that fish sandwhich to my mouth to take a big ole bite - & OHMYGOSH I was back in my teens having fish sandwhich from Wendy's (WTF?!!) well, then I started remembering - Houston's fish sandwhich used to be a redfish - this was grouper .. now don't get me wrong - it was still good - the cole slaw was good, but it was just weird having that memory... anyways... thinking I should have gotten the tortilla soup & salad ... have to catch that next time . . . 8-} 
Now my honey got the vegetarian plate - which I used to make fun of him for doing that but can I just say - silly ME???!! OHMYGOSH SOOOO GOOD!!! of course they are cooking up what's fresh, what's now etc - & so this vege plate had black eyed peas, cous cous, flash fried spinach, small tomatoes w/ basil (something else) NOW those Black eyed peas, spinach & tomatoes were YUMMY!!!!! MMMMM!!! GOOD!!!! tasty!!! he of course enjoyed it his only "negative" comment was that the cous cous had too large chunks of radishes - they could have been smaller. 
Also can I just say I really like the atmosphere in there? You walk in and are warmly greeted, there are waiters / waitresses always freshening or bringing you a fresh drink. the wait staff is so accommodating - so nice!! I feel comfortable there!The House Salad is so fresh and chock-full of deliciousness! The Oysters St. Charles are gently fried and perched atop Houston's creamy spinach artichoke dip. Great marriage of savory & creamy!Went for a good lunch, sat at the bar and was served immediately. Spinach dip was perfect, so was the tuna salad. Our server was friendly and polite. Thanks again Houston's, will be back for lunch again soon.Ok... Houstons is great in every city in every state, how they do this I don't know.  Ask anyone who knows anything about Houstons, it's awesome and new Orleans Houstons is no different, but it is still special and you get that local feel and you feel like you are somewhere special.  End of story. 
Went there on Super Bowl Sunday while on vacation with my daughter.  We were tired and hungry and just wanted to go somewhere close to the hotel. 
Started with the fried oysters and they couldn't be better.  Delicious.  Then we shared a cheeseburger.  Fan freaken tastic.  Plus they had jazz music going on in the back ground.  Live jazz music. Corn bread, though good, we could done without. 
Honestly  comparing Houstons to other chain restaurants it should have been a ten, but in New Orleans, just because it's a chain it gets a four.  Still amazing!!!!The Best always Enjoy my time spent here drinks and food was Great and the service was up to par as well. Brought the remainder to work the next day for lunch and oh weeWe are from Charleston. This restaurant has the fantastic food and the atmosphere is great. You can carry on a conversation. Great food. Fabulous service and the music was wonderful. It's the best restaurant in town.Houston we have a problem. It's started out well. We ordered the spinach dip, a slab of ribs, with a traditional salad no corn, and butter milk garlic dressing on the side.  We received the dip within a reasonable amount of time. Next, the salad arrived, which had corn in it, even though we stated no corn. The waitress gave us honey mustard dressing, instead of the buttermilk garlic dressing that we requested. Soon thereafter, the ribs arrived. And even though we requested the dressing to be switched, we were waiting for approximately 15 mins for the salad dressing. After a while we told another waitress that we were still waiting for the dressing. At that point we had eaten the entire meal. So we told one more waitress. She finally went to go get it herself. Does it really take that long to get some dressing? Pleased with the food but not at all pleased with the service...So the wife and I went on a fun vacation with friends to the great city of New Orleans and were looking for a bite to eat. After striking out at Port of Call and Emerils, we decided to try one last place before getting hot dogs at the carts and hitting Bourbon Street. Luckily, YELP! is on the Iphone, so I pulled it up and looked for  a good joint to eat nearby. It sent us to Houstons, and boy am I glad. 
When we got there, there was a slight wait, but nothing near as bad as the two previous places we had tried...so we stuck it out at the bar and waited for our table. Our waiter took great care of us and the food was excellent. 
We started with the spinach artichoke dip which was nice and creamy, and full of flavor. 
I had the prime rib, which was not too fatty, and perfectly mid-rare. While my wife had sort of thai salad or something, but she raved that the peanut sauce on the salad was out of this world. 
We had fully stuffed ourselves and didnt have room for dessert, but hopefully next time we save room because the gal at the table next to us had a key lime pie that looked superb!The rack of ribs cost $33 with a choice of side.  The rotisserie chicken is half of a chicken and served with couscous.  Dress is casual.  Food is delicious.  Decor is gorgeous  Live jazz music starts around 6:30 pm.Came for lunch and was surprised by how packed it was for a Tuesday. Classy joint; service was on point. Had the Oysters St. Charles to start and Thai Steak & Noodle Salad and Sashimi Tuna Salad - great portions, perfectly seasoned meat and dressing was just right. I absolutely get the hype and why people love it here. Can't wait to try it out for dinner!Fantastic grilled artichokes, crab cakes, skinny french fries, fresh grilled fish, prime rib, etc. Excellent service. A very good wine list.Had my birthday dinner here and had a decent time. Short wait time because I made reservations online. Our server was super sweet and helped in making recommendations. The food came out pretty quickly and was tasty. 
Didn't care for the restrooms to be so dim like the restaurant.We chose not to have drinks - at $11-13/drink.  Sorry Houstons - I think that's out of line.
We started with fried oysters on the half-shell.  They were delicious and my "I don't eat oysters husband" even liked them.  He ordered the rack of ribs for his entre.  They were smokey, tender, and very flavorful.  It came with a high stack of very thin potato fries and coleslaw - both were disappointing.  The fries were nothing but grease and the coleslaw's flavor wasn't pleasant.
I ordered the Shrimp Louis salad and loved it.  It came with 5 ginormous prawns perfectly poached.  Homemade dressing, avocado chunks, tomatoes, all on a lovely crisp wedge.  I would order this again in a heartbeat.
Service was excellent.  Our server anticipated our needs, every one was very friendly and welcoming.Ribs cold, hamburger luke warm. No apologies  at all even from bow tie manager. He dropped the recooked food in front of me and said sorry. He didn't mean it and wasn't sincere at all. When the food came back from the kitchen it still was not hot. Service was terrible,Houstons is a chain restaurant so I naturally have a little resentment for it, but I have to say I can't help but love it. The food is always good (spinach dip is amazing, they took it off the menu but the still make it), the ambiance is amazing (live music on some nights and great lighting), and the service is always fantastic. The only reason it doesn't get s five star review is because the price, great place none the less.
Food: A-
Ambiance: A
Service: A-
Price: BThe New Orleans Saints game was on Tonigjt against the Rams. I told the manager we had champagne at a neighboring hotel/ restaurant in passing and he determines we were not to be served. All good but will not return despite the fine service.