Great service from Patrick today! Food was good and very affordable. Burger was very tasty. Highly recommend you ask for the tour.Food was cold and the chicken was over fried. The Monday night drag show didn't start at 8pm. We waited until 8:30 and had to leave for another event. Very disappointing for a HOB. Chicago HOB  puts this place to shame.The House of Blues is really spacious. When I was there, there were not one, not two, not three, but four bands playing at any given time. It's easy to get lost around here, but the place has enough character that you wouldn't mind.There is a nice coffee non-tourist trap like restaurant inside the House of Blues..   When every restaurant in the Quarter is packed for lunch, this one will be open with a small crowd and plenty of seating.  I like the new menu,  the food was awesome, very tasty.  The service was polite and there when you needed it and so were the drinks.Gotta say I was pretty disappointed.  Our waiter was great and the atmosphere is interesting if a tad over the top.  I was hoping for music and there was none.  The food was really average to below average.  I had the fried chicken but it was quite dry and the mashed potatoes were boring with no sauce or flavor.  The spinach and artichoke dip was inedible.  We enjoyed our flat bread with grilled veggies but it wasn't exceptional.  If food is your thing, I would look elsewhere.Great place to see a band and have dinner or drinks. A bit pricey, like any touristy place might be. Recently saw Old Crow Medicine Show there, and it was a rockin house of blues that night. Stamina is required for "standing room only" shows, because you will be standing for awhile!The House of Blues is a must-stop every time I visit New Orleans. Although it's lost a step or two over the years, the food is still quite good. Service is always friendly and the atmosphere is great.This is our third visit to HOB, the food and drinks always disappoint. The only time the entertainment didn't disappoint was during Burlesque Week...
I really should stop coming here.  Came for a 9pm concert which hadn't started by 10, so we left.  But not before we ordered some weak drinks and bread pudding.  The weak drinks did nothing, but the bread pudding gave me food poisoning later that night (which was particularly disappointing since it tasted almost as bad coming up as it did going down).
We'll only be back for the music that doesn't play elsewhere (that we really want to see), otherwise there is better food and stronger drinks at hundreds (if not thousands) of locations across NOLA.I attended Dragapalooza tonight at the House of Blues. I understand it's s Jazz club with a house band, but they way overpowered the performers with the House band. The worst part was the band was mediocre at best, they should stick to playing the blues.We came for the Brewisiana event and the set up was grea! We had the alligator dog, the crabmeat étouffée which was delish and the bands that played were incredible. For how packed this place can get the booths were spread out and the space was used so that you could move and venture and not feel crammedWe had an awesome night at House of Blues! Our waiter, Sidney, was the best!! Had a great dinner and enjoyed a great concert with Dru Hill!! An awesome night on our 1st night in New Orleans to celebrate my birthday!!I love HOB!! The food has always been good, and the setup is great for concerts. 
The only complaint I have is that they ran out if Jameson when I was there to see American Aquarium.... They ran out of WHISKEY at a COUNTRY CONCERT!Fun restaurant. All of our food was good. Husband had chipotle shrimp and grits. I had blackened shrimp salad. Son had meatloaf.  Relief to enter a relatively calm place after being on Bourbon Street.I have tried to dine here twice before a show. Both times, the entree ticket times were over an hour. Last night was my last attempt. The wait was almost 75 minutes for 6 entrees. Mine was cold. No apologies. When I slightly complained to the waiter, his response was to roll his eyes at me and say "I don't know what to tell you, were busy"....they weren't busy. I left so angry I could scream. I would rather dine at a Lucky Dog stand.
***it is a great concert venue! The bartenders were quick and kind, and the event staff was helpful. Just eat elsewhere.Pretty average overpriced food. Standard mid-size music venue. Intimate setting if you get in line early enough. Upstairs has a pretty good view of the stage. Standard unpretentious House of Blues.I've performed at every House of Blues in the USA,  during my stint as bassist with Burning Spear... 
save for the itsy bitsy Orlando one...  
And I must admit, I always looked forward to House of Blues gigs.. especially the New Orleans Branch..
Ok, I must admit, that it is a "chain restaurant/venue".. so its not as authentic an experience .. but as far as "corporate" experiences go.. they do a pretty good job in creating atmosphere..
the folk americana.. afro centric.. blues decor is very intimate and has that raw.. sweet dark velvet vibes...
the staff are professional.. the a.c. works..  the sound is premium..  unlike gigs at "irving plaza" for example in nyc... with spotty sound..
food is first rate... and you can't beat the neighborhood..
ultimatly the french quarter amp up the vibes for House Of Blues.. spilling out into the street post gig..  belly full from a decent meal..
drifting out into the street.   its one of those sublime memories for me..
check it out......This place is great. The food is good, the music is good, everything is good. Ask for Chris he was amazing.It's a house of blues.  Pretty decent venue if a good show is playing. Wouldn't come here to eat but good for drinks and a show.I purchased a $4 skunked PBR from the bartender during the wonderful Melanie Martinez show. I tried to trade it out for another non-skunked terrible domestic beer, but she refused to make the trade and said she have to charge me an extra $1.50 for a Coors Light. Huh? She gave me a replacement PBR from the same skunked case. I told her that's not how these things worked and just gave me the stinked face. I told her it was old and bad and she looked @ the can & said no. Clearly she didn't know about the fragile composition of how beer is made & supposed to be kept, especially the holy grail of $4 12-oz PBR cans.
Then came the kicker: she told me maybe I don't like the taste of PBR. Lady one look at my beard told you that I am a giant hipster & drink PBR on the reg. I know how it's supposed to taste! Insulting, do you know how long this beard took to grow?
Anyways I threw my hands up and drank the disgusting beer because I enjoy suffering and my lady friend had a sub-par Moscow mule. Melanie Martinez was great but this was one of the worst customer service I've had in a very long time :(The venue is great, good sound and the staff is super friendly. However, HOB loses a star because of their all ages policy with alcohol. I understand not wanting alcohol around minors, but at the all-ages show I went to, they only served alcohol outside on the patio or in a separate room, which one of the staffers called the "adult room". If I wanted to have a drink during the show, I would have to watch the show on TV. I would have much preferred there being a section of the balcony in the venue where people could drink. I'm sure it would be profitable for them too.Worst Jambalaya I've ever had. Not spicy, bland, and nothing but rice. Upgraded it with shrimp & 4 pieces came on the side. I had it at the old House of Blues on Sunset & it was great there. Ice cream came melted too. Just wanted to get out of here. Felt rushed. Glad I'm not a local.Great food and prompt service at the bar. The burgers are to die for. We strongly recommend that you catch a show here as well!Great food, great service! This restaurant is cute and tucked away in the French Quarter with a nice patio area to enjoy live musicThe House of Blues in New Orleans is the perfect place to see your favorite concert....I went to see Better Than Ezra Dec. 30th and the show was amazing. The interior was so reminiscent of the art and jazz that New Orleans is so well known for; everything from the walls to the ceiling was crafted to bring that all together. 
There's a restaurant and bar attached to the HOB, but I didn't eat there so I can't review on that...it was kind of loud and very crowded in there, so don't come here on a date! 
The only thing I didn't like was how the people in charge of the concert ran the show that night. The show was supposed to have its opening act start at 7:30...but they didn't start til 45 minutes later. Then when they were done, we had to wait another 45 minutes for BTE to start singing. 
If you don't want to be stuck in a crowd and actually want to breathe, either go upstairs early and get a front view from the railing, or downstairs near the bar on the right side by the steps. We stood at the top of the steps near the speakers and the view was great, no obstruction at all. 
Unless you have special ticket privileges, you will be standing for this concert. The only seats are the box balcony seats upstairs. They keep this place cool so you won't come out pouring with sweat like most concert halls.You went to the freaking holy land for Southern food and you got stuck at Crossroads. Pity. 
We went to Crossroads before a show at the House of Blues and we could have had so much more.
Our food took more than an hour to get to us, was cold, and overpriced ($55 for pulled pork sliders, jambalaya and a couple PBRs?). Our waitress said it was because the show was sold out, but the restaurant was half empty.
On top of this, the food was not good. The jambalaya was soupy, the pulled pork sliders cold, and the mac and cheese side looked like Velveeta. 
Two stars. Only because our waitress was sincerely sorry for the wait. That and the cool Louisiana folk art on the walls.My wife and I enjoyed lunch here on NYE. The hostess was very inviting and our waitress was attentive and friendly. Atmosphere was great. The music was good, and the artwork was awesome. The blackened Mahi Mahi fish sandwich was delicious, as were the Voodoo Shrimp!  Great place!Brunch Review Only
Overall: Not worth it.  I was really excited. Too excited, probably.  I work a brunch every Sunday and for the past few weeks I got myself through the misery by thinking "Soon, I'll be the one eating waffles!"
The "endless mimosas" are, indeed, endless, if you can find someone to give you a refill and the six employees passing your table with a giant pitcher will stop. We were seated off to the side, at a table that really shouldn't exist when part of the deal is a show.  My back was up against a giant speaker and I had to turn 180 to see the band.  The food was okay, but not replenished very quickly and absolutely nothing was labeled, so you had to channel your quick overview of the "sample menu" to decide what things might be.  They ran out of fruit after the first round and didn't bring out a new bowl, which ended up being only pineapple and nothing else, until near the end of the show, for example. 
The show itself was fine, but was all of 5 or 6 songs.  And the "gospel" part of the brunch was in full swing.  It was a highly religious performance.  I expect a little bit of that, obviously, but I didn't expect 1/3 of the performance to be some guy literally preaching a sermon, nor did I expect the audience to be poked and prodded and 'witnesses' demanded. Illustration: A gentleman took the mic and said "Blah blah blah, we have to respect Jesus.  Just like, what if now, people, a guy with a Magnum walked in here, ready to shoot us, and told us to put our hands up in respect?  Well now, you have to respect Jesus like that, so put your hands up and witness." Um... what?
The last ten minutes of the show consisted of dragging people with birthdays up on stage and asking them about themselves, then singing them happy birthday.  I didn't really pay $50+ for five songs and then 10 minutes of watching people be embarrassed.  I wouldn't recommend this unless $50 is change for you, in which case, it's probably worth it.  I'd rather have a great meal somewhere else and watch a free show after.I wish I could give this place zero stars. I went with my group of friends, excited to see what this restaurant had to offer. We walked in, a group of 7, to a dead and empty restaurant. We asked for a table, to which the host replied "it will be at least an hour and a half wait, also rule of thumb, you need a reservation for parties bigger than 5." Needless to say we took our business elsewhere and were very disappointed with the lack of service and accommodation at this restaurant.HoB... overpriced drinks (they have "specials," but it's still $8 for an itty bitty cocktail), awful VIP seating, but decent acoustics and lots of cool decor.
I purchased VIP seating for the M83 show back in April or May - the minute the tickets went on sale. The website didn't give me a choice of where to sit, but I assumed VIP meant up on the balcony with an awesome view. I gladly paid extra, since I'm getting old and like to spoil myself sometimes.
Anyhow, we were first to arrive in the empty VIP section. There really isn't any clear direction as to where you're supposed to go... the ticket scanning woman told us to go upstairs and "talk to the guy." Well, after finding a bouncer, we were directed to an individual dressed all in black. He looked at his seating chart and directed us to the bleachers in the roped off area, in one corner. We sat on the bottom of the 2 rows enjoying the drinks we spent $8 each + tip on at the bar. 
Eventually a couple more people showed up for VIP seating, and the guy dressed in black informed us that we would have to move to the back of the bleachers. This is THE MOST UNCOMFORTABLE SEAT EVER. I'm 5'2" and my feet wouldn't touch the ground. I had to use the seat in front of me, which was fine since nobody was sitting in that spot. 
The opening act came on, and I discovered that thanks to the railing, I could only see 1/2 of the stage. Lovely VIP tickets, really! Then it got worse when a group of guys came and sat in front of us. Foot space? Gone. Any ability to see the stage at all? Gone.
We stood up for the main event. But of course, my little 5'2" self couldn't see ANYTHING behind the average-height guys standing in front of us. I decided enough was enough and moved to the corner of the balcony, and stood there for the remainder of the show. Luckily the employee dressed in black didn't say a word to me, because this would have been a 1 star review if he told me to go back to my spot.
My suggestion would be to just buy your tickets at the Box Office if you are interested in VIP seating, so that you can ask exactly where you are going to be seated. If the top row of the bleachers is the only option, you're better off with General Admission tickets.
M83 gets 5 stars. HoB, you get 2.The food was good, I'm writing to warn you to check your bill!
After enjoying the first Sunday (January 27, 2013) of Mardi Gras (shouldn't be, darned Super Bowl!) the wife and I came here basically for nostalgic reasons.  Had 4 glasses of wine between us, the voodoo shrimp appetizer, meat loaf and New York strip, all good.  The meat loaf did taste a lot like meat balls and tomato sauce though. The old recipe was much better.  Why do they mess with success?   Our server treated us well, we had no complaints about anything really.  But when our bill came the total seemed a little high for two diners.  On closer inspection the server had charged us for two glasses and two BOTTLES of wine! When he came back by, I showed the bill to him and he immediately corrected it with apologies.  Mistake or abuse of tourists?  You decide.So being from Houston I was expecting this large, commercialized concert venue and when I got inside I was pleasantly surprised at the intimacy of the venue. They have some awesome shows here and the space is pretty sweet. You can really see the performers or bands from any angle of the venue either in the front, back by the bar or of course above with the rich folk. So far I've seen Keb Mo and a Burlesque show and immediately bought tickets to additional shows after the first one I saw here. 
The place is easy to get to if you want to venture downtown but steer clear of the French Quarter which is important to me as well. The sound system is solid and the size of this venue really makes seeing a show here pretty darn awesome. Drinks are a bit pricey here but that's a standard at all HOB venues. I'd recommend drinking before, or not at all and just enjoying some high quality musicians.If you are dying to go to a tourist trap and eat bland spinach and artichoke dip and  fried chicken (yes, I said fried chicken); mediocre service (at best) versus going to one of the hundreds of great restaurants in NOLA, then go to the House of Blues to eat.  I can't say anything about the music venue, but the restaurant should be avoided.  The décor is bizarre to say the least; something out of Game of Thrones - House of Black & White with all the shadow faces on the ceiling.  We could have dealt with that if our food was ok at best.    Do yourself a favor, if you plan to go there for music, eat somewhere else first!I've been to the house of blues in other cities and had expectations that simply were not meet here in New Orleans. The burgers were tough, fries cold and the lobster mac and cheese was tasteless. One bright spot in our party was the meatloaf which got an OK and the garlic mash potatoes that got a thumbs up. The manger Leon came by the table we expressed our displeasure with the meal and he apologized but made zero accommodation which was very disappointing. There are so many choices in downtown New Orleans my suggestion is go someplace elseWe attended the Sunday Gospel Brunch October 1st. If you arrive early, they seat you in the bar and provide awesome entertainment and a history of Gospel music. Once allowed to enter the venue, we went straight to the omelette station as recommended. The chef is great and friendly. Some of the food was late, meat carver, and some was frequently out, chicken and waffles. So, get what you want early and just ask the staff for assistance. Mimosas, coffee, tea, and juice are included. Be sure to leave a tip in the bucket at the end.
We loved the Gospel Music and the testimonies of their faith. If you have a family member with an addiction, "just pray and step away." Great words from the entertainer with many years of experience. I've waited many years to attend  Gospel Brunch and I'm glad I got to go in New Orleans.This was my friends and myself first visit to NOLA. We came across HoB and decided to eat here. It was a Saturday afternoon around 2:30pm. 
Derek was our server and he was apologetic that nobody came to our table for the first 15 minutes of us being seated. Mind you the restaurant was not busy what so ever. It took about 20-30 minutes to receive our drinks (which was only waters and two beers), and about an hour to get our main courses.
Another server had delivered our food and the cooks/servers had mixed up orders. So we had to wait another 10 minutes for our food. Which overall was amazing. 
We were so starving that we ate our entrees so quickly. When we received the check our waiter never came to pick up, so we went straight to the hostess and paid for our meal at the front. Mind you once we were ready to pay, we noticed an item was added that we did not order. The manager was very apologetic and took it off our check and mentioned it was our servers mistake. 
Overall, food was amazing but the service at this location was a fail. I can understand if it was busy due to the location of the restaurant but it was not.We are visiting New Orleans and found HOB while walking around - didn't know what to expect, but thought the menu looked good and reasonably priced.  
We we're thrilled with everything we got - jambalaya, ribs, and buttermilk fried chicken for dinner and a couple orders of bourbon bread pudding (1 free for checking in on Yelp) for dessert.
The portion sizes were generous and everything was delicious. Three service was great as well.We had looked forward to the Sunday Gospel Brunch. We had excellent seats (all seats are good), the show (service) consisted of 4 songs and a gentleman that had the microphone almost in his mouth and screamed. You could not understand anything that he said. The food was above average, good made to order omelets, fried chicken good size shrimp and other Cajun dishes. The service was pitiful, took 30 minutes to get a cup of decaf, mimosas were good but you had to hunt down a server or go and get one.Good spot for a break if you're near it.  If you get a chance to be there on a night that they have a show don't miss out if you can. Best to be early vs. on time.Great atmosphere from the street into and including the decor of the restaurant. It has the feel of a back alley kind of place even though you know that it is artificial. My service was very friendly and competent. The macaroni and cheese side was very well done and the corn bread appetizers is delicious.We were here for a special event and at first i was let down by the place, but once i started going up stairs and exploring all the character packed side rooms i quickly found out why this place is one of the top night life locations. I was really impressed by the quality and thought of the rooms, the ample bar locations, the quickness of the staff and the overall character.Food & service ok.  I bought a collared shirt from the gift shop (paid full price cash) for a for friend in California.  Unfortunately it didn't fit. My friend called and they said to send it back but couldn't guarantee they could do it.  They said now they have to return to store!!! Hello we live in Nevada and our friends live in California!!!  They are NOT customer friendly.  I would NOT buy anything or patronize this restaurant or store again.
Very disappointed.What a perfect place for an event! Kari and Beth Ann were without a doubt top notch in planning, providing excellent service and making sure the event went smoothly from beginning to end. 
The food was terrific, the space is funky and awesome and the personalization add-ons are unique! 
Kari allowed us to sneak away to the Foundation for bride and groom formals before making our grand entrance at the Parish. Such a great spot for photos! 
I cannot say enough good things about House of Blues! Our guests were wowed and we were completely satisfied. 
I would recommend again and again. I couldn't imagine a place that would have been more magnificent!Been to many concerts.  Love the venue. My gf and I went to the American Aquarium concert this past Friday and I really wanted a Jameson and ginger (as anyone should at an AA concert). But this particular time, the downstairs bar was out of Jameson. However, the staff is always friendly and helpful. I'm looking forward to next time.Went to go see Will Vance and the Kinfolk play. The show was amazing. We were hungry in between bands so we ordered good at the bar, then went back to the venue. The service was amazing as well as the food. The people are all so nice.Great food and weight staff! We ordered the shrimp Po-boy and voodoo shrimp! Excellent dishes!My friends and I had had a string of bad services in NOLA during our trip. On our last night, we decided to go to House of Blues on a whim. It was the best decision we made the entire trip! The service was incredibly friendly, the performer was funny, talented, and provided a diverse range of music, and the food was good as well. The food was not outstanding, but the service and ambience definitely makes it a place worth visiting.About time to update my review. I still enjoy the concert space. The drinks aren't the cheapest. But the concert space is good. It's tough to find a seat, so plan on standing for the whole evening and wear comfy shoes.
On this particular occasion, I stepped outside for a moment to warm up (the A/C works REALLY well). And as I was standing on the little entrance porch, the doors banged open and I got to see a malcontent tossed out onto the bricks below. A few moments later, his wife (girlfriend?) was tossed out after him, followed by her shoe. My friends had witnessed the two of them trying to pick fights with others in the crowd. So that was exciting.
The band sounded good and the crowd watching was entertaining...even after the couple was ejected.This review is for the gospel brunch only. 
Atmosphere: fun,lively snd pretty atmosphere. BUT they had WAY too many chairs squeezed into our table. I could not comfortably eat and my friend's seat was where two tables met and her plate wouldn't  even sit properly on the table.  C-
Food:  the food was not good. Everything was room temperature. Tons of carbs. Not enough meat choices. The only meats were pork loin, baked chicken, and chicken tenders. All were dry and bot hot. Others there said that on other visits, there was boiled shrimp, oysters, and fried chicken. Not this time. The buffet was on par with Golden Corral or Ryan's. D-
Drinks: unlimited mimosas! When we first got there, they were Dow to fill our glasses, but once the show got going, they kept them coming. 
Service: pretty slow. When I was ready for more food, I picked up my own dirty plate and brought it to the bus bin. C-
Music:  the show, music and performers were fantastic. A
Value: because the food wasn't good, that makes this a poor value at $50 per ticket for an hour and a half show. DOverbooked..the music was good but couldn't see it. The VIP area is a joke. It's close to the stage but cut offs the musicians. I will love to give less than two stars but the music is usually good. No seating available and the drinks are expensive. $8 for a small wine. Come really early so you can see.My family and I enjoyed the food as well as the decorations on the inside. However,  it was expensive and many items were sold out. The waitress spent several minutes talking about the alcoholic beverages. I got the Caesar salad. It was mediocre, and the bread that came with it was not tasty. There was a nice atmosphere, though. All the music played wasn't blues. No blues vibe.1st time visitor to New Orleans and I had no idea where to go. House of Blues came highly recommended by Josh, one of the staff members, and boy he right! Our waitress Shannon was one of the most amazing waitress I have come in contact with. She was so friendly, full of fun energy and extremely knowledgeable about the menu. The food was delicious, especially the banana bread pudding! It was the best I've ever eaten (sorry mom) Did I mention the entertainment? It's a must see!! 
We'll definitely be back the next time we visitMy mom and I had fun at the Sunday Gospel Brunch.   The food was awesome there was a so much to choose from, very tasty.  The service was great, very fast and polite.  They kept the mimosa's coming.    The show was very good sang happy songs!  Made you want to clap your hands!  This dinner and a show that I felt I got my monies worth :)Sooooooooo pissed. I was with a large group of people who were scheduled to show up at 9:30 on a friday night. It 2as a catered order, but they closed the kitchen at 9pm on a Friday night. Those wgo didn not like/eat the awful catered food had no other choices because they had already closed the kitchen.We came here for a late lunch and it was horrible. The server was all over the place, he was curt, and messed up the order. I felt bad because he had over ten tables while the manager was just strolling around and not pitching in to help. My cobb salad was disgusting... the lettuce was frozen, the avocados were brown, and the blue cheese was non-existent. I was still eating the salad when he removed it from the table. Our friends ordered the ribs and they were ok, but not memorable. They explicitly said that they were sharing them, but didn't get an extra plate.Nice atmosphere but wasn't really into the selection of food. I did enjoy the red based Jambalaya. My drink did nothing for me. Simple margarita with a side of almorrta didn't even get me tipsy like it does in most places. The food was over priced..Food was good, music great. Hostess was terrible and would not let us sit by another family near music because she had to seat other server first even though restaurant was almost empty.  We finally started leaving and they sat us at the table we wanted. Our server was fantastic. The also honored the free dessert.We went at 2 pm on Monday afternoon, so the restaurant was understandably empty. 
We started with corn bread with jalapeños + maple butter - delicious! And the got a side of the Mac n cheese - it was kind of bland, but the I added a little salt and it was much better. They just under-salted the dish. 
Had the shrimp po'boy (added Tabasco) - very good and flavorful!
Service (Cheryl) was awesome! Perhaps due to no one being there, but she was friendly, helpful, and attentive. All in all, a very positive experience.Ive found myself in this place twice... once because I met Gwar at the Abbey and they out us on their guest list, and once before that because I had been assured there would be free rum from a Bacardi promotion.... THERE WAS NO FREE RUM! 
Going to the House of Blues gave me an insight as to what it must be like to live under a totalitarian regime.... Everything is expensive, you are searched for contraband on the way in (to insure you don't bring your own drinks) and you can't leave unless you want to defect and not be able to come back in..... 
It's also been wall to wall packed both times I went so be sure not to wait too long to head for the bathroom, you might not make it if you do. This also means you'll want to order as much booze as you can afford before the band you want to see goes on, otherwise you might miss half their show trying to get through the crowd at the bar. 
I might go back if there's a band I'm willing to pay 30 buck or more to see, but then again I had free tickets for The Descendants and I gave them away and got drunk on the river instead... so probably not.Billy Idol show, 2015! Enough said! :-Di'm torn with this review. because the restaurant food is just not what anyone wants to eat when they can have authentic soul food just about anywhere else in new orleans. 
but
the venue is incredible. i have been to a lot of house of blues venues and usually deal with super rude/incompetent staff. this is not the case at this venue. every gig i have been to here, the staff have been friendly, informative and efficient. if they don't know the answer to my question, they figure it out for me without any grumbles. I always enjoy shows here!Having been contacted by the manager I have found out that it is a simple mistake to charge someone for bottles of wine instead of glasses.  Hopefully the wait staff will learn from this.  My wife's and my experience was overall good, and if they return to the old meatloaf recipe (my wife's demand!) we'll definitely be back.We stopped here for lunch.  It was not busy and service was SLOW. Food was lukewarm and the wedge of lime that came with my tacos looked like it was cut 3 days ago.This review is for the music venue.
As one of the only "big" music venues in the city, needless to say, I'm here for almost every show. I recently saw Big Sean, Wale, Yellowcard, and Colbie Caillat, so a good mixture of artists come through here. 
Atmosphere: Not much lighting, but enough to see where you're going. Gets a little crowded in some pockets like the stairs. The venue itself is kind of small to have held some big names like Trey Songz and Avant (the best show I've seen at HOB was LMFAO). The decor adds a little character to the place though. Overall, I like it. 
Bathroom: There are two: one on the first and one on the second floor (obviously), but people rarely to go to the second floor even though it's cleaner and less crowded. I never had a good experience with the bathrooms there because they were always so dark, you couldn't even tell where you were peeing! Ok, exaggerating, but it was just that dark. Not very clean either... 
Bar: I've always had quick service, no matter what kind of event it was. However, for some strange reason, I always feel extremely nauseous when I drink here (I get cocktails). I doubt that it's me because I'm fine anywhere else I drink. Perhaps if I had a bottled beer, my night would've played out differently. 
Box office: why are they only open 12-6? Who knows, but the people behind that window are always so helpful and informative. Tickets are cheaper when you buy them at the actual box office anyway (no service/convenience fees). 
Parking: it sucks, but wherever you park, the walk isn't that bad. You pass by quite a few interesting shops.We decided to eat here before a show on March 5 because we purchased "pass the line" tickets which we could redeem in the restaurant.
Tried to make reservations for 4pm, but they only had 4:30pm available. When we showed up at 4pm, there were only two other tables eating food so they seated us immediately. 
The waitress was great, knowledgeable and the manager came out and asked us how we were doing. They had some interesting beers on tap.
Juicy Lucy burger - tasted good but was incredibly greasy and made her feel nauseous 
Market fish of the day - sauteed and pan roasted in olive oil - this was incredibly disgusting. It tasted fishy, NOT fresh at all, the texture was disturbing, and it was greasy. 
Not to mention, the people behind us ordered a spinach and artichoke appetizer that they said tasted like wet, frozen spinach.
This restaurant does NOT use fresh ingredients. I'm pretty sure my fish had been frozen and then thawed and the spinach was frozen spinach. Why have a restaurant in New Orleans where you don't serve fresh fish? If that fish was fresh, there was something terribly wrong with it.Very disappointed with our experience here. We came here for dinner on our last night in the city and were very underwhelmed with the service and the food, which was very upsetting as we have had outstanding food, drinks, and an overall experience at the many other restaurants we went to throughout our trip. This restaurant was practically empty and we waited for over a half hour to get our food, which was disappointing in and of itself. Three of us got burgers and the fourth got a salad. The burger I ordered was supposed to come out medium, and I got it very well down and dry. The other two ordered burgers that our server recommend they get well done in order to thoroughly cook the bacon inside and they were very rare. Absolutely not worth wasting a night in such a great city with this place. There are SO many great local restaurants that you will have a MUCH better experience with. We would recommend Oceana on Bourbon St., Crescent City Brewhouse on Decatur St., even Wilie's Chicken which have a ton of different locations. Bottom line - avoid this place when there are so many other great paces to eat in such an amazing city!Food:
Lobster mac and cheese!
Voodoo shrimp!
Tater tot appetizer !
And of course the meat loaf!
Drinks:
Hurricanes of course!
Must do must go!
Great music of course goes without saying!Atmosphere was really good. Loved the music. Had me rocking while eating! Kris Russ our waiter was spot on. My BYOB (build your own burger) which included bacon, mushrooms, American and pepper jack cheese and spicy cucumbers was OH MY! Will certainly be back!get the house salad, the pecans were fabulous, sweet and spicy all in one. I had the lobster mac and cheese. real lobster. Awesome!The House of Blues is a great place for intimate concerts and events. Typically the concerts are standing room only but you can opt to stand upstairs or downstairs. I typically get a drink or two at the bar before the show so I can easily figure out where I want to stand.The 1 star goes to the initial customer service experience, however food and subsequent service was way below par. The roast beef on the French Dip was RAW.....I mean BLOODY. They insisted to have the chance to make it right....it came and back as medium rare served on the SAME bread. They offered no reduction in the tab which is the usual courtesy. As a consequence, I will not return and am compelled to relate the experience.Friday night crawfish boil is the place to be! $10 for 2 lbs, drink specials and live music! Seasoned to perfection with a kick!  It was a rainy day so they put up a tent to make the patio enjoyable!Caught a very random show here during one of my trips to New Orleans.  Wasn't too excited about the band, but it's a cool, intimate venue and I'd go back...*Review for concert experience.
As with many HOB locations, this venue didn't disappoint. The mostly standing room only with 2 levels and more intimate feel allows for a good to great spot anywhere. 
Saw Robert Randolph and the Family Band during Jazzfest weekend and it was AMAZING! Sound and crowd was awesome. Drinks were strong and flowing. Didn't get to try the food since we were here for just the music and have a good time... and you will have a good time. 
I'd definitely be back!The service here started out very badly. The manager came by our table though and immediately addressed our issue by giving us a new server, Sequoia, who was delightful.  The food was pretty average.  Great to be able to grab a meal before a show.Two Second Review - We came her for a company event - so all I can really comment on is the drinks, music and atmosphere. All were excellent. Enough said :-)We enjoyed a meal, beers and some music here on a Wed night.  Very very good service.  Stephanie was our waitress m, and she took excellent care of us.We were in the restaurant during the BCS game...Presley was our waitress, she's fantastic. Cornbread was pretty good, pulled pork was better than most, BBQ Bacon Burger was stereotypical and overcooked.  Overall good night.  They are proud of their food and drinks, but since its the HOB you can't be surprised.Saw GWAR here back in '03 and got sprayed with fake blood and vomit while exiting the men's room. So yeah, it's a pretty intimate venue.This is not a review or rating of the food, since we never got to eat.
We have eaten at several HoB's and decides we would try the one in New Orleans. No reservations so we walked in.  The place was not busy, but when we checked in the hostess told us 30-40 minutes (only 2 of us). Looking around there were at least 10 empty booths and tables.  One was clearly set up for a larger group, but we figured surely we would get seated quick at one of the many others.  So we decided to sit at the bar and have a beer, which I was hoping was the reason they told us we had to wait.  Anyway 15 minutes later 2 parties had been seated and a few had left, but we were still waiting.  I understand they may have had some reservations they were holding tables for, but that is just ridiculous.  So we left.  The hostess told us to have a nice evening and could clearly not have cared less that we were leaving.  Went to the Palace Cafe and had a fabulous meal.  Unfortunately we never got to try the HoB.I ate here prior to a concert at the House of Blues, so it was convenient to be close to the show. We were seated upon arrival. Our server was tentative and quick service. Hurricane drink was good. The best part of the dinner was the triple chocolate cheesecake!!! As a huge chocolate fan, major points for this place!!!I can't say enough about how easy Kari and Beth Ann made our wedding planning experience for our reception at the Parish Room! From the food to the photos, they took care of it all and it was perfect. 
The room fit all of our 130 guests just fine with plenty of room for dancing and eating. And everyone is still talking about the food, especially the chicken and waffle bar and the voodoo shrimp! The personalized posters and framed gold record for our guest book made us feel like rockstars!
Wedding of the century? Probably. I couldn't have asked for a better time!Came here with a school group for gospel brunch during FQF. Linda wright and the band had us all dancing, and the food was remarkably good. Would definitely return! Thank you for being so good to my kids!Really cool spot. The food is good, but you don't come here for that unless you're a member. This place is all about the music. 
HOB knows music and they've spared no expense on setting this place up - the acoustics are great - esp considering they've retrofit modern technology into a very old structure. 
This place is definitely worth checking out if you're in town and interested in going to a performance. My only caveat is that this city is full of amazingly talented artists and musicians so you're probably just as well off wandering down the road to Frenchman Street (a street on the other side of Esplanade with tons of locals and good music from newbies and legends). That's the only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars... 
On the other hand, if you go with a member, you're in for a real treat. You'll enter through a secret passage and get top notch service. This is a great spot to mix and mingle with influential people in the area so dress the part if you plan to go up.We stopped in to have a quick bite and drinks. The drinks were over priced! The  food took a lifetime  for two dishes to come out, it was cold. What a msjor dissapointment!!! You could see the  aggravation  in othrr patrons by the lack of service.  Terrible  experience.Pretty much the same as every other HoB I've ever been to, but this isn't a bad thing. They do a great job of making sure their venues don't become impersonal and overdone.food is overrated and over priced.  I had the shrimp and grits and I have had better.  Not worth the trip.I started off with an order of wings and Voodoo Shrimp. The Voodoo Shrimp is served on a slice of cornbread and covered in a (what I believe was) robust Creole sauce. The shrimp is fresh and well cooked but the cornbread, that soaked up all that goodness, is orgasmicly amazing. The wings were on the milder side as far as hotness goes but the skin was crispy and the meat tender and white. My main dish was the Jambalaya, which was so loaded with sausage, chicken, shrimp, and spiced with multiple flavors I don't even know how the $#%@ I would describe it. 
In addition to the amazing food, the Voodoo Bar in the back often has local bands and artists playing Blues, Jazz, and other such genres of music. The atmosphere is cultural and the staff is friendly. I would recommend this spot for boozing or dining, or a brilliant combination of the two.I've been to dozens of show here, some better than others, but overall, the HoB gets some of the best live traveling acts coming though here, as well as some occasional great local music.
Last time we went for a live show we got there a little early to get some snacks and drinks in before the show was to start at 8pm. We arrived just in time to order 1/2 priced appetizers for happy hour and discounted drinks!! YAY!!
We tried the following selections from the happy hour appetizer list (each of these were $5 or $6):
-Fried Catfish tenders with sweet potato fries. (good)
-Sauteed Shrimp & cornbread (I Loved the sauce, but not the cornbread. I was wishing I had some french bread to dip into the yummy sauce.)
-Chicken Wings (too saucy & too salty)
-Oysters on the Half shell (the WORST shuck job I have EVER seen.  someone back there does NOT know how to shuck oysters. period. there were shards of shell stuck to oysters that were not detached from the other shell, and a few were just mutilated. But at 5 bucks for a half dozen we just picked out the shards and kept eatin'. NOT recommended!)
The server was super nice. I would definitely return for some pre-show snacks, but I will ALWAYS get oysters somewhere, anywhere, else.Food was good but not great due to being bland. Service was excellent and the atmosphere is eclectic and funky, loved it!@HOBnola I thought I might be in for a bad experience but your bartenders Thomas & Michael saved the day!
I had tweeted yesterday a question to HOB and they quickly responded that if we ate at HOB before the show that we could "pass the line" to get in before the crowd in line outside.  The HOB twitter also directed me to a $10 off coupon...score!!
So at 4:45p I start trying to call to make a reservation for dinner.  I'm on the phone (in phone automation hell!) for 15 mins waiting for someone to answer the phone to make a reservation for 6:30p.  After about 15 mins of waiting I get disconnected.  I call back again at 5p and get into the same voicemail hell waiting for someone to answer to make a reservation....15 mins later (30 mins total now)...someone from the box office picks up and tells me if they aren't answering they might not be taking reservations any longer or they could be booked up.  Being big on customer service my question is why not answer the damn phone and say "sorry we are booked" vs. letting people hang in your voicemail system in a loop of continual "someone will be right with you" messages??  Fail #1.
We roll the dice and get there at 6:30p and the place is EMPTY and the rude hostess tells us it's going to be a 30 min wait because it they have so many reservations.  We explain we have tickets to the show and want to take advantage of the "pass the line" deal and she seems dumbfounded.  I ask if we can eat at the bar, which seems odd since the dining room is empty and she begrudgingly say yes, hands us one menu and two utensil rollups and sends us off.  No "let me set you up at the bar they can take care of you" or anything...basically she gives us the here's a menu (just one when there is obviously two of us) and some silverware...good luck.  Fail #2.
This is where the story takes a turn for the BETTER...Thomas the bartender thinks it's odd with a totally empty dining room that the hostess can't seat us and goes over to attempt to get her to give us a table to no avail.  He comes back and says he'll take care of us.  Thomas and Michael the two bartenders at the main bar were OUTSTANDING.  When asked for recommendations they gave them without hesitation and their recommendations were right on.  I wasn't expecting too much from the food since my last experience was less that memorable but, the food was honestly outstanding.  We had a Caesar Salad that was GREAT with lots of cheese & dressing, I had a mushroom swiss burger that was smoking hot, cooked to perfection and the shoestring like fries were hot & crisp.  She also enjoyed the sandwich he recommended.  We still had time for desert so we told him that we would go with whatever he picks as his favorite and this chocolate mousse cake didn't disappoint either.  
Throughout the evening we chatted with Thomas & Michael and they were both very personable and funny guys.  These two guys single handedly turned this entire experience around.  Their interaction with all of the patrons that came to the bar was great and just had great attitudes (unlike the hostess).  I glad we ended up at the bar because I don't think our service could have been any better sitting at a table.  I hope that HOB recognizes their employees like these two that really make a difference.
Off next to the Music Hall for the show.  We showed out receipt from dinner to "pass the line" and we were told we would have to go back outside (which sucked because it was cold outside) but outside we went and thankfully we weren't there for too long.  When we did get into the music hall we were a little surprised to see they had chairs on the floor but for a show like the New Orleans Jazz Orchestra it made TOTAL sense.  I will say my ass hurt after sitting in that wood folding chair for 3 1/2 hours but, I think it was better than standing for 3 1/2 hours.  Plus we got chairs...a lot of others we not so lucky.
I'm glad we went early and did the whole "pass the line" thing and I appreciate the $10 off coupon that the HOB twitterer pointed me towards.  That "pass the line" thing got us in the door early enough to get seats!  The food and service at the bar were OUTSTANDING and the NOJO concert itself was pretty damn good too.  Oh and the $4 validated parking at Canal Place wasn't so bad either.  Overall it ended up being a pretty good night out at the HOB.Very relaxing atmosphere! The service is Great, our server Lexie was spot on! The voodoo shrimp recommended by Lexie was super, get it! Hubby had the Soul Cluckin Good (fried chicken) it was good, I had street tacos, had better, so pass on those...
Music was really nice and not super loud like in some of the other establishments we have been in. 
Overall this is a good place to try while in New Orleans!I was in town for New Years 12/30/13, stopped in before noon had some drinks ans got a tour of the place by the bartender (Wesley)and the Manager.  It was very cool to see  what takes place behind the scenes.   We picked up tickets for a band playing on new years eve.  I did not eat there but the service was great and I would recommend stopping in for a drink and checking the place out.I bought a gift certificate for this place, and thought I'd show some support, since I haven't been there in years.  went with five others, and had no problem getting a table.  however, the service was quite slow.  my friend had a rum runner, and it was pretty awful.  instead of sending it back?  I had our waiter cory, bring me a bunch of limes.  
much better.
food took forever, and they were out of one of the items, so my friend settled upon a burger.  it looked good, but way overpriced.  I had the lobster macaroni n cheese.  really really yummy.   but again, overpriced.  the place filled in, and was packed.  everyone loved what they had, but I will say it again.  way overpriced.
I am glad they switch up the menu, and I've always liked house of blues food.  but the prices?  WAY too much.  but I guess if folks keep payin?  they'll keep charging.   for the six of us?  the bill was $139, and that was with the gift certificate taking the cost down another 25.  
only four drinks on that bill.
thats alot of money for burgers, and macaroni and cheese.Restaurant and Concert
 We were attracted here because Dr. John was playing in concert on a Saturday night. There was a cover charge, but we actually ended up buying tickets from this nice gentleman who happened to have some extra tickets. 
 We proceeded down the alley to make our way in and I was impressed by the decor and down to earth feel of the whole place. We went into the concert where the opening band was playing and it was quite crowded. Upstairs you could really only get a good view if you were at the railing which there was no room and downstairs the pit was packed so we decided to get a drink and stand on the stairs for a while which worked out nicely. We then went out into the restaurant for some food between sets and ordered cornbread, gumbo and beer. The server was super nice and quick and I have to say, the cornbread was straight out of the skillet and D-licious! It was a nice little break from the loud concert area and then we went right back in for Dr. John after eating and jumped into the pit and had a blast.New Orleans and music go together like peas and carrots (even though I hate peas, but that's besides the point). So, since I was in town for the week for work, I perused the city concert calendar and was fortunate to find that Postmodern Jukebox feat. Morgan James playing on a Wed night here. I popped open the Ticketmaster app and a few minutes later had a general admission ticket to the show.
Following dinner elsewhere, I headed to the venue about an hour prior to showtime, anticipating a decent crowd but wanting to get a good spot to see the show. The entrance is down an alley off Decatur St, where you're carded and wrist-banded for drinks. Upon entering, I headed to the bar to grab a drink, which unfortunately took a long time, and not necessarily because it was overly busy yet. Glad I was early.
Then I headed up the balcony and found a center spot to watch the show. If I was rating the band, performers, singers and concert exclusively, they'd easily get five stars. Easily! So much amazing talent and entertainment for the entire show; I instantly knew I'd love to see them again someday. 
As for the HoB itself, it's a small to medium size venue with great acoustics and close views (if you find/get the fight spot). The crowd was full of energy, which heightened the experience. As I already mentioned, I ate elsewhere earlier so I can't personally comment on the food in the non-show area. But I was happy to spend the evening enjoying some awesome music in a energetic and fun spot. 3.5 Stars.Okay this review is for the food. Music acts at the venue are amazing and 5 stars. But after years of going to shows I finally ate dinner at the house of blues. And I was very disappointed. The service was top notch but the food was far beyond subpar. I got the "voodoo shrimp" and there only 5 shrimps in it... 5 Shrimps and a slice of cornbread for around 15 dollars...  Super not fair. Their Long Island Ice Tea was 16 dollars and only in an 8 ounce glass and also average. Don't get the friend chicken that was a mistake.I had low expectations for the HOB, figured it'd be a tourist trap.  but I'd read about an "all ages" happy hour show.  the wife and I had late night plans and figured we'd give the kids an opportunity to eat and enjoy some live music before we went out.
the band started at 5 pm, we were nearly the only people there.  the food was good, especially the "voodoo shrimp", like a spicy shrimp in beer sauce over cornbread.
I checked in via yelp and got 10% off the bill!  this was by far the most budget friendly meal we had in new orleans!The crawfish here are outstanding and so are the voo doo shrimp.  We also had the juicy lucy burger that comes on a buttered brioche roll and some fresh Sweet pickles.  I would recommend this to my friendsCould be so much better. I've seen a couple shows here. Both times it's been really frustrating because unless you are a Foundation member there is absolutely no place for you to sit and you are lucky if you can see the band through the foundation members they seat in front of you.Great venue! Went to a Friday night show for Lights, with opening acts by The Mowgli's and Phases. I also had a Meet & Greet package for Lights. 
Check-in with the box office was smooth and went quickly. I obtained my two VIP passes right away. We were told to be in line by 4:20 for the Meet & Greet, but it did run a bit late. It wasn't too bad, though. They called those meeting The Mowgli's or Lights AND The Mowgli's VIP pass holders first. Finally Lights VIP were called inside. All staff I dealt with were kind and friendly, even the bouncers. 
I've never been to an artist Meet & Greet prior to this, but each person got time to chat with Lights, snap photos, and obtain a signed poster. I'd say it was pretty well organized. House of Blues staff answered my questions about when, where, and how to line up for the show later, since we had to tuck out for a bit. 
When returning to HOB after dinner, I needed some coffee, which I ordered at the bar. Basic, but decent. No pressure from the bar tenders to order something more expensive. I was also very impressed with how clean the restrooms were for a concert venue.
The space in HOB for shows is perfect. The stage is wide enough, but still feels intimate. All the good spots on the upper balcony were taken, so we stayed downstairs. I actually chose to stand on the steps a ways back from the stage, to get a better view. Everything sounded perfect, and Lights has a good mix of sounds and styles, which all worked well on this particular stage. 
I'm happy with House of Blues, and would definitely return!I came here for two events while in NOLA.  It is a nice size venue with two levels in the main stage area.  There was a couple of bars in the main stage area but I did not drink due to the length of the lines.
The sound system is very good.  When I went it was standing room only so not sure if they actually have sitting with other shows.  This place in in the French Quarter so very easy to hit more nightly entertainment after the show.I didnt get a real sense of new Orleans style food. Customer service was good though!I went Friday night to the throwback music thing and had a blast. The bartender was AWESOME.  She was so nice & kept the alcohol flowing just like we like it!I was on holiday and traveling with a childhood friend as he toured through the south and played music. They played at HOB one night and I was backstage with them. 
I was delighted by the set up and my green room server, Kristin Lanza, was pleasant, informative and helpful of the band's needs. 
There were a lot of events going on that day at HOB, but Kristin was focused and knew what she was doing. The food came on time, Kristin showed the band where to go, and whom they needed to talk to about set up. 
I was very impressed with Kristin's expertise and style so much so, that I wanted to hang out with her all night long!!!  I had a hoot of a time and am thankful for her services!
Rock on, Lanza!Food is delicious. 
The night I went music left a lot to be desired especially for a Friday. 
But service was Nola style and friendly as can be.If your band isn't big enough to fill one of the city's arenas you'll most likely wind up at the House of Blues. It's not a bad place, it's more like a regular concert hall trying really hard to convince everyone that it's a big arena.
I've seen a couple dozen shows here over the years. Bar service has ranged from stellar to slow and plodding. The secret is finding the right bar to go to. When the balcony area is open for a show it's a nice place to stand; usually you can get a view of the stage without being squished between other patrons. Lastly, the men's room has always been in a good condition, despite the large amount of people in attendance.
I just wish this venue would charge more small club prices than trying to get almost arena level fees for tickets.We were sitting in the Voodoo Garden no idea why they had no Tito's vodka nor Stella so every time we wanted a drink we had to go to the inside bar which call me old fashion but I found it way too weird the band was greatStopped in for drinks and to catch some live music. There was a duo playing of course, the blues. It was a nice way to wind down after a full day of sightseeing. Drinks were weak but I didn't expect anything else.We went for a concert and it was pretty packed, it is exactly like you would expect from a very crowded bar. The bartenders were great in that they were fast and attentive as they could be being that busy. The facility is nice, i felt safe. The great thing is that the bathrooms were ALOT better than I expected! two thumbs up for that!Love the environment! Service was good! I had the cheese trio rigatoni which I thought was great! My boyfriend had ribs but was not a fan of the sauce. We also tried the macaroni which was awesome!! A little pricey for the amount of food but not too bad.Popped in for lunch. Super comfortable. Great atmosphere. Music playing was awesome. Food was surprisingly great. Recommend the Cajun Pasta. The kids pizza were also awesome.He original! Opened by ghost buster Dan Aycroyd. Amazing place! So much history of rock n' roll made there and still awesome! I was glad to return there and have the same best time I had the first time I went there ages ago.We were at the Voodoo Bar in the back of House of Blues, and it was awesome.  It is part of House of Blues, but you're not missing anything back there.
Funny, there was a line to get into House of Blues, and no line at all to go back to the Voodoo Garden.  Just go back, get a drink, grab a seat, and enjoy.
There was a cover band that was really good.Friday night crawfish boil is the place to be! $10 for 2 lbs, drink specials and live music! Seasoned to perfection with a kick!  It was a rainy day so they put up a tent to make the patio enjoyable!Absolutely enjoyed the Shrimp and Grit, however, everything else was a disappointment, the Gumbo, Veggie flatbread and Veggie burger. Staff was very friendly and attentive. Be ready for a loud atmosphere.Came here for dinner on a busy night in New Orleans. We were sat down right away at a cool place right in front of the entertainment by a friendly host. Our server, Evan, was super attentive and made suggestions that we ended up trying and liked. The food was average but hit the spot. They even put my burger in a lettuce wrap by special request. The one thing that stood out was the bread and butter pickles for hamburgers! Yum!! Made right there daily and so delicious. Great live entertainment in The Voodoo Garden afterwards. Enjoy!!I enjoyed this place. It's like a little hidden old Nola bar/juke joint set up behind the HOB club. Everything on the menu was not A material but C at the least. The voodoo shrimp was awesome as well and pretty much all of the appetizers like the dip for example. I had the New York strip(it was ok) with a ton of Mac n cheese and red mash potatoes which were good. My mom had the fried chicken which could use way more seasoning or creole kick to it but it was decent and a very large portion. I tasted my nephews build your own burger which was very flavorful. I enjoyed it Nola atmosphere and creole/voodoo ish charm.House of Blues New Orleans is a nice, intimate venue.  I've seen 3 concerts here and enjoyed each one.  I can't comment on the restaurant or gift shop because I've never been in.  The bathrooms are decent for a place like this.  In my experience, the staff has always been friendly.  We will definitely be backAwful sound quality, but we should have known better after a very disappointing show a number of years ago at a Hard Rock Hotel. HOB was spawned from the same corporate-themed cesspool.
We went recently to see some of NOLA's favorite sons, the Subdudes, and we would have liked to have heard them. But instead we heard pretty much bass and percussion banging around a building with the acoustics of a high school gym built in the 40s.
At one point I walked down a hall and sat on a bench in front of the men's room. The sound quality improved considerably. Then I went into the bathroom and closed the door - better still. Hey, HOB - WTF?
Even though the the drinks were weak I'm giving this dump a two-star rating rather than one for a couple of reasons: 1) The outsider-style art is very entertaining 2) The intimacy.
The end of the evening was interesting. The Subdudes left the stage and came to the center of the floor with acoustic instruments for three encores performed in front of a crowd close enough to touch. It was extraordinary, and the sound was markedly better. HOB staffers took advantage of the time to clear-off the stage and close the curtain, and when the show was over at about midnight we (a bunch of middle-aged folks) were rushed outside so a hip-hop show could follow. Cha-ching!Excellent, intimate venue.  Great sound quality the times I've been there.  Can't wait to go back.Great venue for live music, not so great for food and drinks. You might want to grab a bite and pregame before you get here. Love the feel and vibes from house of blues and hob Nola hits the spot. I've seen multiple shows here and the sound is fantastic but get ready to stand the whole night. There are some seats in the balcony of those are available for you. If you get the chance to go to the foundation room GO! It is laid back, and unique not your typical bar. I've been here for concerts and rehearsal dinners and the food was excellent in the foundation room.This review is for the Sunday Gospel Brunch only.
By the time you tack on all the fees on top of the $40 ticket, you're looking at a $50 event for an hour of foot-stomping gospel music and a breakfast brunch array that included fried chicken, raw oysters, waffles, bacon, fresh fruit, mimosas, etc.
First off, we were here on Mar 28th, and due to a new ticket outlet glitch, reserved seating was a mess.  It took the staff a good while to figure out how to match the new ticketing seating with their own arrangements, but the staff were very apologetic and tried their best to get the 3 of us seated together. (Although seats are reserved, come early anyway so you don't have to kill 15 minutes in line waiting for your turn at the buffet.)
The food was good, but not outstanding, and there was plenty of food to go around.  Filling enough.
The gospel choir we happened to see sang for about an hour and they were lovely, singing some of their own stuff as well as classics like "Amazing Grace" and "A Closer Walk With Thee."  
They happened to pluck 2 young teenagers out of the audience to get up on stage with them, and when the kids mentioned they were part of a church choir that was in the audience, the performers invited them to sing an impromptou song.  I had chills up and down my spine when the 20 or so teens began to sing a beautiful hymn, while the gospel choir on stage nodded their approval.  Eveyone in the audience had tears in their eyes.  A magical moment for everyone who didn't expect this.They brought in a jazz band which was excellent. The food was also great.  There were many shrimp and other dishes that were not vegetarian but they also had some really great vege dishes. 
The bourbon bread pudding was some of the best I have ever had.Awesome music and atmosphere. We on New Year's Eve and stayed for the new year with bourbon, blues and cigars (needed to walk down the street as they did not sell cigars on site). Nice outdoor venue protected by a solid tent. MUST RETURN when we are back in the city.New Orleans is an amazing town.  House of Blues is, in general, a really great venue and I have been coming here off and on since 1997 (really dug this place when I went to school here). Came here for a concert tonight and totally understand that there was a private party and the kitchen was closed.  Asked the bartender if there was any way to get some food and he said it was really tough since the kitchen was closed and there was no re-entry if I left, but suggested I talk to the doorman.  Louis, this review is for you.
Went to him and said, 'Hey, any way I can get some fries, rice, something small?  Maybe step out and come back?'  He said, 'How hungry are you on a scale of 1 to 10?'  I said, 'Honestly about a five'. He laughed and told me to come back in 15 minutes.  Now I thought it was fun and maybe he needed to check out the kitchen soooo I went and came back just like he said.  When I did, I said (somewhat louder because of the music), 'Well, you told me to come back so I am back.'  He said, 'You are not cool man.'  Now personally I think if you put me next to Louis there wouldn't be any more doubt who was cooler but I asked him, 'Seriously man? Why did you ask me to come back?'  He said, 'Well now you don't need to come back.'  Sigh.  I guess I will just always have to wonder what you were going to bring me.  You will be relieved to know we had a great time in spite of your little power trip bro.  Hope your boss thinks you're as funny as I did.  :-)It was alright, our hotel gave us free tickets but there weren't that many people there and we thought we'd see live music and it needed to being a DJ. Not bad but we left because we wanted something live being in NOLA and all.While I cannot give a review of the food or drinks, I can give 5 stars to the staff.
Came in from Los Angeles with tickets to a show.  Sadly, due to pilot error, I bought tickets for a show that I thought was on Saturday night, but was actually on Friday.  Super bummed, we headed over to the bar to drown our sorrows.  While waiting to order, (and being entertained by a great band) the manager came over to our table and offered us free tickets to the show scheduled for that evening!  One may think that it was a half heated effort to keep business, but not so!  She also provided us with alternatives at other bars!!! What???!!!
The show on Saturday was not our style, but we ended up checking out one of the shows the manager suggested.
Maybe we're jaded, but this type of customer service is unheard of.  
Looking forward to returning to New Orleans and catching a show (on the right date) at the House of Blues.Good place for a show - interesting decor, fun, reasonably clean. I always like the authentic 'charm' (aka grunge) of Tipitina's, but sometimes it's nice to be able to sit down, or enjoy a patio. Beer prices are OK, haven't tried the food.On est arrivé dans ce restaurant par hasard, plutôt une bonne surprise pour le cadre, la serveuse était adorable. Le mojito très très léger par contre le Huricane extrêmement chargé. 
Les prix sont un peut élevé mais rien de choquantThe House of Blues is a great small venue - the acoustics at the main stage are excellent, and no matter where you go, you can see the stage pretty well. The Parish Room is intimate and has great sound.  Customer service is really excellent - the servers and bartenders are attentive and efficient.  
My only complaint is that the place gets so cold - it's like an icebox!  I thought I'd get hypothermia during Piano Night 2016 even though I had a sweater!The House of Blues has lost a little something with me. It used to be a great place to see great bands. Recently it has gotten out of hand. No great bands to see, too much smoke inside, and not really caring about the safety of their guests. The smoke is a big thing. I realize smokers have rights too, but they don't have the right to make me sick either. The staff is professional and friendly, but they don't stop crowd surfing or mosh pits.Love this HOB.  It's the first one I ever visited....and still my favorite.  The entrance is off an ally....with moss growing on the walls.  You enter the joint and it's sort of dark and lit with a soft blue light.....very cool place!   I've been to HOBs in Chicago, West Hollywood, Anaheim, San Diego, Dallas and Cleveland; but......
 New Orleans is #1 in my book!
Edit-   yet no Blackened Voodoo beer??  That's all we used to drink here.....then it went away.   No beer with "VOODOO" in the name at this place, nor any HOB to my knowledge?   C'mon HOB....bring it back.  (no affiliation with ANY beer company or distributor).Came here for dinner on Halloween night. Surprisingly, there was no wait and no crowd. I had the "Build your Own" burger and highly recommend it! VERY JUICY and well seasoned.Sat at the bar and had drinks and appetizers before a concert. The two female bartenders were *so* nice, friendly, accommodating, and seemed sincere about wanting their customers to enjoy themselves and have a good experience. Such a treat. The food was simply okay, but the cocktails and service were great!Saw Ghostland Observatory, they're awesome.  The crowd had a great vibe and everyone we met seemed friendly.  The female bartender was cool.  As for the rest...I'm still not a fan of this venue or the majority of their staff.  But Ghostland Observatory was definitely worth the aggravation.I can't express how much I was disappointed in this venue and their service. Bartenders were super rude and the Burlesque show was a total disappointment/ disaster. Never would I ever go back to this place for any kind of show!As always, HOB never fails. Great location, and the food is the standard corporate fare. Stephanie our waitress charmed us with sweetness as sweet as the southern ice tea. The music venue was increasingly never ending with NOLA jazz. Overall the experience was great....remember to make reservations, otherwise you will experience a long wait time. To the staff and management...great job!!!!!This is my favorite place in Town! 
The place temperature and ambiance is perfect, food and drinks are great, Music is even better. A place like this makes the town sweeter (It really needs it)Lovely, intimate setting. The atmosphere was very relaxed. The live music was definitely a bonus - great artists and awesome acoustics!! However the food was mediocre and can probably be found elsewhere in NOLA. Also a bit pricey. The staff was very slow and inattentive. All in all it wasn't too bad, a nice casual restaurant.After landing at around 5pm on Sunday, a supplier was having a happy hour here.  We arrived closer to 630 and reailzed that the happy hour was out back in the patio.  Full bar which offered a local beer, Abita.  Ordered that and headed towards the spinach-artichoke dip and spanish rice.  Keep in mind that the last time I ate was at 10am.  We were starving.  The beer was good but the food was eh....not very appetizing.  I did eat my share of the the chips though.  After about an hour we left and headed to the next happy hour. 
As we were leaving we noticed a huge line forming...apparently there was someone performing that night.Mother's Day lunch with the ladies...I have Derek to thank for a good experience and great service.This is a review of only the restaurant, and it was very disappointing.
Overall most of the food was okay but someone ordered their citrus chicken and my god it was a dry and flavorless brick of a chicken breast! The other dishes like Creole catfish and jambalaya was okay but nothing to write home about. I've dined at other HOB's in other cities before and thought they were the upper end of good but never this bad.
I am giving 2 stars still because service was still good enough.I love seeing a show at the House of Blues.
I have seen a few bands here, but what I have mainly seen here are burlesque shows.  The House of Blues has a "house" Burlesque troupe called Bustout Burlesque, that performs once a month.
Every year, the House also plays host to the New Orleans Burlesque festival and welcomes performers from all over the country.  It's a weekend packed with fantastic shows by some of the most beautiful and talented women in the world.
Last summer, Dita Von Teese, arguably the biggest name in Burlesque today, performed 2 sold out shows to an intimate audience.My work rented out this whole venue for our trip to LA, we had a fantastic time, the food was great, and the house band was fantastic!We were there for a special event and really enjoyed the food and music. Sadly, we couldn't find a place to sit and the food served required a table to do that but we had an amazing reason to be there and will have great memories of our visit. Great time and an amazing event so definitely recommend!As a place to see music, the layout and sound are good. I especially like it when there's an event with music on both stages and you can go back and forth. Beers are overpriced but that's to be expected in the French Quarter.
What bugs me about this place is how they mislead you on the ticket price. I recently went and on the website and anywhere else the price was listed the price was $20, with an asterisk. When you go and buy tickets at the door, they charge you $23.50, with the extra being for "facility fees and service charges." If you order on line it's even more. So really there's no way to get tickets for the alleged price. Why play games with the price for a few extra bucks? They would never pull that at Tipitina's or the Maple Leaf.I ordered the island turkey burger. It was on the small side but very tasty. The Mac and cheese size was delicious. 
The Caesar salad was on the dry side. When the extra dressing was added it was better. 
The shrimp and grits is weird. The grits are in a patty (like a crab cake). It was ok. 
The Cajun chicken pasta was good.
The chocolate cheesecake was awesome and huge. The crust was hard to brake so a fork would have been better to eat it with. 
The kitchen was timely. The waiter (Chris) was very personable. The music was good when they were playing.Not sure how we got lured into here as we were heading to Deanie's for some BBQ shrimp.  We opted for a seat outdoor where it's nicely sheltered under some plastic tent.  We were not tended to by a waiter or waitress but instead the outdoor bartender, Bobby.   He said he was happy to take care of us since he wasn't busy - good attitude.  
We got the ahi tuna chopped salad ($12.99), a vodka tonic ($6) and a bottle of Corona ($5).  The chopped salad is really a slaw with finely shredded cabbage and slices of seared ahi tuna on the side, which I didn't find to be fresh.
Don't see any reasons to return.I enjoy coming to House of Blues when I'm in NOLA so much!! My first time being for a concert, I opted to have food here because it was obviously convenient. I was very pleasantly surprised with how good it was. The food is very classic and typical I'd say of any new american restaurant with their sandwiches and burges and pastas but with a feel of New Orleans which I think adds that extra umpf that makes me wanna come back. I had a club sandwich with fries my first time here and even though it is a very basic meal, I still think back to how good it was. Even the presentation of the food is great. If you're looking for a more authentic Cajun experience though, I'd say you might rather visit some of the smaller local places. 
Obviously, if you're a music fan, you will love the atmosphere and the decor of the place but even if you're not you will appreciate the set up. It's very inviting and cozy, almost busy I'd say but not in a bad way, it just gives you a lot to look at and talk about besides your food. Being right on Decatur St perfectly in the middle of French Quarter also makes it insanely easy to stop by when you're just walking by. 
Next time I'm Nola, I will probably come back because every experience I've had was a pleasant one both food wise and service wise and you cannot beat the location, it's just so convenient.Customer service was excellent but the food wasn't all that great. I ordered seafood gumbo and wings.  I had to take the gumbo off my order because it was entirely too salty and had more sausage than anything else. The wings were good but could of been cooked longer. I'll give them another chance to see if they are good. I checked in and received a coupon for $10 off $30 of food only.Great private party at HOB last week. The food was fantastic and Timothy James group played awesome country music. What a voice this man has !Best bloody mary anywhere, they serve it up with peppered salt rimmed glasses, premium vodka and a spicey pickled crisp green bean garnish.  I have been to the Gospel brunch many times where you serve yourself good Southern cooked items and hear great live music in their stadium seating dining room.  I always enjoy my visit here, the ambiance and music does lots for the senses.  I need to return to attend a concert one evening.I wish we lived in New Orleans, we'd come to Gospel Brunch each Sunday! We enjoyed fried chicken, biscuits and gravy, coleslaw, Mac n cheese, potato salad and carved turkey. The unlimited mimosas was definitely a plus! My view from seat 6/7 at table 20 was blocked by a post, but, there was plenty of room to scoot my chair back or stand near the carving station to see the singers/band. We laughed, sang, clapped and even cried a bit while praising with the band. We recommend this experience to anyone visiting NO and will definitely return!We ate at the HOB Crossroads outdoors patio in the back one evening.  Free outdoor music.  
I had the Voodoo Shrimp appetizer plate for dinner.  Six good size prawns atop three pieces of jalapeño cornbread, all sat on spicy sauce.   There's a bar in the back but they were short staff so the server had to go into the sit down restaurant to fetch the bar drinks.
Hubby got 1/2 rack of pork ribs.  
Then cuz we checked in on Yelp, if you spend $30 or more, you can get a free dessert.  We shared the key lime pie.  It tasted like it had sat in the fridge too long.
Then on another night, hubby and I popped into the restaurant bar for a cold one.  Got there around 4-5pm so very quiet. No smoking at the bar.  Yea!Went with another couple Friday night,1/22/16 for the Breaking Benjamin concert and had a 50/50 experience. We had reservations and were seated immediately.  Our server was Patrick who was awesome!!!! Mic Ultras were warm and he constantly apologized for them. Everyone's food was great except mine. They ordered Caesar Salad, ribs and meatloaf. I ordered a Med-rare burger which came out well-done. The ladies went to the bathroom and found one closed. They were directed to another bathroom that had feces coming up through the floor drains, they were not happy needless to say.
Patrick saved the night with his great attention and great personality.Recently visited NOLA for a girls trip and had this in our itinerary. It was a great experience overall!! The new cocktails they are trying out were amazing! The cornbread is sooooo delicious! Not too many veggie options, which was a bit inconvenient considering all of us were vegetarian. The flatbread was essentially a cracker instead of a bread so that wasn't too appetizing. However, our waitress was very kind and very helpful! Definitely check this place out, it's gorgeous and good overall!We're sitting there right now, having just been served a delicious mojito by the excellent barkeep Catherine.  The band has just started up in the voodoo garden, and I think i'll stay awhile.  Life is good.  Come join us!We checked out "Booker T. Jones" at the intimate Parish of House of Blues. Cool door man,  No attitude like other HOBS, Great sound, 
good show, fun & dancing for all !  Beats the dumpy cover bands on Bourbon St. any day !Went there one evening during our honeymoon in 2005. They had a cute little gift shop with lots of shirts, mugs, hats and posters. My husband picked up a really nice olive and black shirt with a little martini glass insignia, and boy did it make him look hot!  Mmmm!
We had desserts and just chilled waiting for the music. The wait staff was nice and attentive. They were having a good time giggling and whispering together when they could catch a free moment. The desserts were rich and decadent but not too memorable. The place seemed like a chain, it was just a bit too manicured, the flare too strategically arranged. 
Still we enjoyed the music and had a fun time, the sound was excellent. And I would say the entire place had a relaxed happy atmosphere. And my husband still looks sexy in that shirt.I think it was 1999 or 2000 when I was here.  
I remember the venue being well decorated and it definitely had that "New Orleans" flavor to it.  
The company I worked for at the time had a party here and so we had I think the whole upstairs reserved.
Had a blast.  This is a fun place.  It would be a good place to see a show also since it is so small.well, The best part for me regarding this Venue is as follows :
1) introduces up and coming Bands close and personal before they play in large arenas.such as ,30 seconds to Mars & AWOLNATION.. That's just two of my favorites
2) tHE BEST PLACE FOR Mothers  Day BRUNCH. love THE MIMOSAS.
3) Tuesday OPEN MIC NIGHT FOR STAND UP COMEDIANS
4)Excellent PRE -ENTERTAINMENT DINNING .Wait was long. Food was cold. Had to ask for napkins, silverware, and drinks. Cold tacos that were flavorless. Corn tortilla was cold and hard to bite through. Cold fries. Gumbo was flavorless. The only reason I would ever consider going back is because the bread pudding was pretty amazing!!!If this was new bread, then your executive chef did me the honor of mirroring my initial bite. Also, I do not feel I was owed, it is simply a usual courtesy.Years ago I  lived in New Orleans and occasionally enjoyed the soul food menu at HOB. The food was the perfect accompaniment to the  music that inspired it all - the blues.  Sweet cornbread, greens that felt homemade, Memphis-style ribs...the blues on a plate.
The new menu is a huge disappointment as it reflects El  Paso's Aaron Sanchez version of comfort food. I like adobo, but not in fried chicken. The menu shows the HOB wants to reflect current trends.
  The blues is authentic should be appreciated for what it is with the culinary dishes borne from the same southern roots.
The next time I'm in a city with a HOB I'll make a different choice and I hope I can save someone else from the same mistake.Came for mcLyte DaBrat and left at 1:35am still no show. No body has tine for that. Poor standards. Get your money and don't showI love House of Blues as both a local restaurant/bar and as a music venue! The staff at HOB NOLA are friendly and provide excellent service. The Food rivals that of many other restaurants in New Orleans, which is saying a lot. If you are in the area you should plan an evening at the HOB. Combine a meal and some music and you'll be living the New Orleans life!This place is awesome! The Mac & Cheese was on point. Everything was delicious and our waiter, Kris was great. There was also live music the night we went which was a nice surprise. I would highly recommend a visit here when in New Orleans.First experience of New Orleans food and wasn't disappointed. The jambalaya was brilliant.I like the HOB; I don't love the HOB.  In a corporate world this business fits the mold just fine.  National and local acts play regularly on the main stage and at The Parish next door.  Prices are fair, but try to win tickets on WTUL 91.5 the day of any given show and you likely won't have to worry there.  Drink prices are average, never any specials.
My biggest beef with the House is the regulation of the acts.  It's a meat market.  Play at a certain time, stop playing at a certain time.
If you aren't local and have the time, find Tipitina's at Napoleon and Tchoupitoulas Uptown for the real thing and truly the reason HOB opened here to start.  Tip's leans heavily local, but the shows are more intimate and therefore arguably better.
I've visited each several times over the years, and they each have their place.What a let down and a TURN DOWN! House of Blues robbed us!!! Paid $82 to see First Ladies of Hip Hop. Show was slated to start at ten P.M. For hours the D.J. promised the show would start in ten minutes. We finally tapped out at 2:45 A.M. First ladies were a No Show. Promoter refused to refund our money. Turn down for what....the House of Blues.The food is not the best but the atmosphere & service makes up for it.  We wanted to just hang out all dayLast stop on our New Orleans trip and honestly it should have been our first. Great service, lots of music and cool events. Food was great, too. Would definitely come back!Sierra was AWESOME! She was friendly and thorough. She took care of us and made our visit very enjoyable. We ate the smokehouse chicken and it was seasoned well without being over powering. The laid back atmosphere definitely makes me want to visit again!What a great intimate venue to see your favorite artist/band.  The theater had a great vibe and the way it is decorated inside really made for a great mood.HOB NOLA is the best! I've seen some of the best shows here, and they have great food, too!  I have seen some of the best shows here.  And, most of the time, I have met and gotten autographed goods from the artist of the night.  I love the fact that the New Orleans House of Blues is the original House of Blues, and just recently celebrated its 20th anniversary.  My how time flies.We came here to see a local hip hop performance but left very disappointed. The show was supposed to start between 10pm/11pm but at 1:30am no one had started to sing yet. The place was almost empty which I'm sure was the reason for the delay but still! We paid to get in and see a perfomance and left only with the memories of our own doings.Great place for a show, private parties even better. Enjoyed my first slice (or four) of King Cake, here. Channeling Treme....... Plenty of outside space for da' smokers. Easy walk to Jackson Square or Cafe Dumonde.Came here for the music and beer festival 'Brewsiana' and it exceeded my expectations. Had a lot of fun! Pricing on food and drink is decent.The food was excellent and our waitress was awesome.  The food was a little pricey, but that's what you get in downtown New Orleans!  Highly recommended!Saw my first show at this HoB location.  Easy to find, had the restaurant attached (did not eat here).  The doors were opened late.  The internal set up is similar to that of the Boston location, only on a smaller scale.  They offer a bar on both levels.  Lower floor has the standing room directly in front of the stage with the bar in back and space on either side.  The upper level had the bar in the back, the bands merchant in a corner.  One thing here was the VIP section was the inner row around the balcony, with everyone else a few steps above.  The sound board was back left on stage, not on the floor like in Boston.  Everything else was pretty standard, bar prices were high as usual.New Orleans Birthday Trip = Music in the French Quarter
So this here, this back in an ally, is the House of Blues. It's dark and it's ominous and it really feels like it should and would be an great place to grab a drink and listen to some music. It may not be the first, but it's the best because it's basically awesome.
Venue:
HoB is a real music venue, that's what it's built for. It's a stage, with a lighting truss and music set up, two floors and a balcony, and every spot is within spitting distance of the stage. Both floors have their own bars, and while the space may get crowded, just remember there are 799 other people here just attempting to enjoy the music, so don't be an ass and share the space.
It's dark inside the hall, with various mood lighting in blues and purples, and be careful where you put your foot down, because there might just be a step or two there. Largely, the entire venue is deceiving. There are upstairs, downstairs, private rooms, music halls, parishes and patios. You could throw whatever the hell kinda party you wanted down in NOLA at the House of Blues and probably never run out of space. 
Downside of HoB nowadays it it's national chaindom. Back when NOLA's HoB was the second in charge and still a novelty, there was nothing better. But now they seem to be everywhere, even at Disney, and they're owned by Live Nation--the authenticity has been lost a bit. Still, in certain glimmers of chords and powerful vocals, you can find it: that true music hall feel, so go for the history too, but always for the music.
Music:
The entertainment at HoB run the gamut. They'll have everything from  The Naked Brothers Band a la Nickelodeon to David Cook to burlesque shows and real soul music. Take a pick, but always go, even if just for the opening act like we did. That's right, we went to House of Blues for an opening act: acoustic Vertical Horizon, or the frontman at least. It was awesome, and spontaneous and well worth it, because the venue is welcoming and acoustically primed. 
There's food too, but we skipped out after VH was done (and yes I knew every song). I here the brunch is pretty good though, so if you're in town for a while, try both.The photos on their website looked fancier inside and the food looked fancier too. But, the food was excellent. It was good pub food. Their voodoo shrimp appetizer is there #1 seller, which I can see why. Their jambalaya with spicy sausage was good and cheese was totally melted inside the actual hamburger.. Excellent! It was between lunch and dinner time, so quiet, relaxed atmosphere with a good waitress.An initial confusion resolved by the awesome employee and manager, thanks for being so accommodating!Coolest HOB in the US. Always a stop for us when we go to the Quarter!!
Sundays brunch are also special!!My wife and I went to the Gospel Brunch today. Very irritating that they sell tickets online without making it clear that certain seats, which sell at full price, have little or no view of the stage. The person who seated us was embarrassed to put us there, he was apologetic, and in fact the staff moved some people in similar seats when no-shows were confirmed. The quality of the music was great, but we could not see the show. The show is very interactive with the audience, and this was disappointing to say the least. The house is always full, is it really worth the profit to create these few extra seats? Pure greed and trickery.I'm sure the music here is great but the food is so so. I had the jambalaya, which tasted like it came from a sauce jar. The meat was kind of tough too. The place looks cool though with lots of nice folk art.I personally would never go back there. I feel the food is overpriced and not up to par for the fees charged. Listed below you will see numerous comments about the food being bland and overpriced. It is not authentic New Orleans food and the fish is frozen and NOT fresh.  It also seems like the acts are getting more local and less national, but the cover charges haven't gone down and have actually increased. My interactions with their operation have been frustrating at best. A G.M and Sales rep are not business owners ( as they advertise ) and are actually salaried employees. I cannot recommend this operation. Under no circumstances should you hold a private event at this venue. I've gone through 2 nightmares with group events at this operation.  I'm totally disinterested with a reply from the so called owners.This place is so cool! It's an awesome place to chill out with friends and have drinks. Nice rooms for privacy.Had the jumbalaya, it was quite tasty.   Atmosphere is fantastic.   Live blues was fantastic in the restaurant.  Back patio voodoo garden would be a better place to see live music.  Unfortunately there was no one playing out there when I was there....Had lunch there today.  I ordered the voodoo shrimp it was absolutely amazing!!  Would highly recommend ordering this dish if u decide on dining here.Only had drinks there because the hours were spotty.  Showed up twice when the club/restauratn was closed, but we expected it would be open.
Check it out if you are in town.  I loves me some house of blues!The dessert was ridiculously awesome. We had the bread pudding. 
Caitlin was our waitress was great and helped us have a great time!First time here on Sunday, such a cool place!  We came for the Chevelle show (re-living my highschool punk dreams, obviously), and I loved hanging on the balcony, it was a good view. I would like to come back for the food at some point, but we had just eaten dinner.  The bathrooms in the main dining area are pretty small, only 3 stalls available at a concert hall?  Seems about 6 too few, but it was clean at least.  LOVED that it was a non-smoking show!  The weirdest part of the night was walking into the concert hall, and the woman at the door just took our tickets and showed us inside... there was no scanning, she didn't even look to make sure we were at the right show!?  Could've walked in with any piece of paper, it almost made us angry that we spent money on tickets if no one is going to check anything.This was a nice place to grab a bite to eat and see live music after watching Carrot Top live.  (He was hilarious btw, a must see show).  Out server was great, very attentive, friendly, and fast considering it was busy.  I ordered the lobster mac-n-cheese which I did not like at all and when I expressed that to her she had no questions and politely removed the dish from in front of me and took it off of the bill without us having to remind her.  At the end of our meal and drinks she offered free tickets to a pool party and gave us free passes to enter the club that was located on the same floor (I forgot the name of it).  It was a great experience similar to most house of blues restaurants.Kris is an amazing waiter! He knows whats good on the menu and has fun with the customers.  Thanks for a great rest stop!Ate lunch. Server was very friendly as was the rest of the staff. Didn't see a show but loved being in there. Awesome venue food was good.Customer service was good, sat at the bar and watch a live brand play while we ordered food and drinks. Afterward watched a show with balcony seating. I recommend regular seats, closer you feel a part of the show instead paying more to be at the topAte lunch there and they have totally changed the Cobb Salad.  Used to be great but was a chopped mess.Wow I really wanted to like this HOB, as I am a huge fan of the franchise, me being from Chicago and all.  But this place is best for HOB t-shirts and hats.  The food I had was terrible.  I had dinner one night and though it was cold, not tasty and very odd looking I kept it and thought, well no worries, I'm going to the Sunday Gospel Brunch for better food...NOT.  The Gospel brunch was even more terrible.  I was seated upstairs and was told the same food downstairs is the same buffet food served upstairs...Not.  There was a difference in the presentation and overall fruit selections.  The entire buffet was just sorry...my money wasted but at least I got a t-shirt from HOB...I know the House of Blues doesn't serve authentic southern food, but the food was pretty good, and my friends and I had a great time here!
I ordered the fried chicken with veggies. The fried chicken was perfectly fried, and not overly breaded. The chicken wasn't dry and it was super flavorful. However, I think the veggies were overly salty. My friend next to me got the voodoo shrimp and it was HEAVENLY....it was so buttery and flavorful and the shrimp was perfectly cooked. The Abita reduction went really well with the shrimp and I was just amazed by how good it was.The drinks here were great too! I got the Pimm's cup and it wasn't too sweet, and you could barely taste the alcohol! 
I came with a party of 20, and the waiter and waitress were patient and the bartenders was willing to make drinks that they did not have on the menu. 
Though it's on the pricier end, the service and food were both great!