Great food, fast service and friendly staff. Seems like it'd be a lively place in the evening. Staff was lovely and very accommodating. Friendly as can be and the food was amazing!  Alligator platter did not disappoint and the catfish po boy turned me back on to catfish, well done Huck's!!!Food was good. Walked over here for breakfast before our Segway tour which is right across the street. Our first waitress was sort of rude. My friend asked for a poboy from the lunch menu and the waitress blandly replied with a straight "no." Our waitress then stopped serving our table because she was in a rush I guess, so she gave our orders to another waitress who had just clocked in. The new waitress had to take our orders again because she was confused, I guess, on what our former waitress gave her. My same friend ordered just a coke this time because she doesn't like breakfast food. Her coke never came out. Service here is bad, the waitresses tend to forget things and have a slightly bad attitude. 
But anyway I got the eggs Benedict with ham it was really good!The bartender FINE ASS John was amazing. Best bartender I've ever had! Great stories and even better drinks!! Please stop by and have a great time with the super freak!Food is ok but the service was terrible. Good place to watch the game.Good little find.  Kinda up I the air for dinner and came across this place.  The Gator platter was good, and was supposed to be fried but got it blackened.  Our server was very friendly and attentive as well. The jambalaya my wife had was good as well.Debris Poboy. Debris should be burnt ends from roast beef . This was poorly cooked roast beef shredded. Terrible . Couldn't tear the bread it was so tough . What a disappointment . Will not return. Beer was fine. Boring French fries . Way over priced .I am visiting New Orleans and my family and I saw Huck Finn's Cafe.  We went in to be seated was told that our wait would be 30 minutes.  After the 30 minutes, I went in to ask the hostess if we would be able to sit at separate tables if our wait would be any longer.  But, before I could get my question out, the general manager Guy Pellitteri said, " I told you we have to clear a table".  I told him that he did not have to have an attitude or be rude to a potential customer.  He did not apologize for responding in a rude way.  My family and I decided not eat there.  Didn't get a chance to see if we would enjoy the food due to this rude behavior from the general manager.  Everyone should be treated with respect.Food was very good. Service could be improved.
I had the pulled pork po-boy while my boyfriend was more adventurous and tried the alligator po-boy. He was happy enough with his food but not sure if he liked the alligator taste (just in general, not the fault of the restaurant). I loved my pulled pork. The BBQ sauce that came on top of it was divine - and I usually don't like BBQ sauce at all! Whether it was homemade or out of a can, I'm not sure and I actually don't care - it was gorgeous and added lots of juiciness to an already juicy and generous serving of pulled pork. The meat came between a large sandwich of fresh bread, with more fries than I could handle. 
Service was weird. We arrived at lunchtime on Sunday and the place was less than one thirds full. Despite this, the host took quite a while looking at a seating map, and then sat us right at the back of the restaurant on barstools?! Wtf? What about all the window seating, and the regular tables and chairs? We weren't even given an option of where or how we would like to sit. No tables were reserved, either. 
Our server was nice but she got my order wrong, bringing me a roast beef po-boy. No big deal, but she delivered the food swiftly and then ran away, literally before I even had a chance to say ''uh, this isn't what I ordered''. I had to follow her to the bar and explain. The food was replaced promptly, so promptly that it made me question their kitchen practices and how fresh the food REALLY is. My pulled pork was on the table less than two minutes after I alerted the server about their error. Definitely tasted great and it SEEMED fresh, but what's going on in their kitchen?? Are all the entrees just sitting there under heating, pre-made and waiting to be served??
Not sure if I would go back, but the food DID taste great.I'm a fan for the food and definitely not a fan for the sports bar experience. Spent an NFL Sunday here and I really liked the breakfast omelet. It was called the Achafalaya and it had crawfish and an awesome creole sauce. The fact that it came with a side of grits made it even more special. Tasty flavorful breakfast which is a rarity these days in the age of scrambled eggs and toast.
However, the sports bar experience was kinda lame. Definitely not too many real football fans. Did not hear too much yelling and screaming despite two games going into overtime. I suspect the place is more hopping when the saints go matching in, but I was in town only for a week and did not get the opportunity to witness that.Extremely mediocre lunch experience. Everything, from the dry po'boy to the single-sausage bite of jambalaya, was not exactly satisfying yet not exactly offensive. 
I wouldn't waste a meal in NOLA here.A group of us went there thinking we would be able to eat crawfish off the top of a plastic tablecloth, because walking by this place the night before we saw it, but when we sat down and asked about that the waiter gave us a smile and said sorry that was a private party and they brought all that in!!!  We were all so jealous we were not invited to that party!
We decided to have some drinks and the waiter was nice enough to point us to Deanie's Seafood.  (A great recommendation!)
We did try the local beer Abita Andygator; nice light beer...another great recommendation by the waiter!
I think we would of def. ate there if we were not on a mission to have some crawfish!Sunday, just after the noon hour and of the course the place was packed.  We were prepared to wait 10 minutes (as promised) for a table, but NOT 30 minutes for our drinks and over an hour for our food.  Drinks were watery and overpriced, food was very, very mediocre. Alligator sausage was very greasy, BBQ shrimp overdone to the point of rubber-ness!  I had a mint julep, couldn't taste the bourbon and didn't understand the club soda on top, all for $12.00!!  Sloppy service and poor food - such a disappointment in a city known for great food.Food was great and came out very quick!!! Our waitress was Tia and she was so attentive and sweet! 
We had the fried pickles which were good, but the Cajun egg rolls were INCREDIBLE! Chicken Toulouse was also very good. Shrimp and grits were good but a little spicy for my taste, if you like spicy then they would be perfect for you! 
Nice little restaurant that I definitely recommend if you want some good food that's not too pricey.Shrimp Po boy was DELISH! And the fries are so tasty, a good lunch find while exploring New Orleans!Kagnee G was an awesome waitress. Food was great.  I ordered a Cajun bellini and a Atchafalaya and it was awesome. Decor was cool.  Didn't wait long at all. Will go back againWorth the trip! Service was top notch and the food was fresh and hot!Jambalaya so so dry-avoid. The French bread seemed a few days old. The shrimp Po boy: the friend shrimp had an strong odd chemical flavor to them that made them inedible. Very overrated restaurant, very touristy, and food that is crappy.Food is great but service is a little slow.
The biscuits and grits are delicious and the only really noteworthy menu items but all of the food is good.
We had a little delay with our food order but the waiter did take care of and took it off the menu.
I'd come back here for breakfast again.Recommended from concierge at hotel but the food and service was sub par. (Perhaps they get kickbacks). We had the shrimp pasta and the Cajun Trio.  The jambalaya was very dry and had to ask for bread (they brought one slice each, really??) Too many choices in French Quarter so don't recommend spending the money here.Dara, our server was excellent.  Great margaritas I might say also.  Nice clean restaurant combo'd with sports bar.  Can't go wrong here.What they label as BBQ shrimp on their menu...I don't know what it is, but I know what it ain't...BBQ shrimp! Or maybe the chef who made mine was getting happy in the 'hour', and mixed up some wrong ingredients. teh velvet hammer loves the grits there, and Tamia G. is right about the mozzo sticks- taste more like cheesy fish sticks hold th echeese, BUT my new fav there is the hamburger with blue cheese and bacon YUM!I had the quarter stack Pancakes and in a word delicious 
Will certainly revisit on my return trips to New OrleansSo good! If your looking for a casual Cajun restaurant just this is definitely a good placeAmazing food and just far enough away from the chaos of bourbon st. Yet close enough to walk to. Each menu item is hand prepared, no frozen junk here!! We loved it!I stopped in here for lunch recently when pressed for time (this restaurant was around the corner from where I was working) I found a large staff of very friendly people.  My waiter was quite happy to help me pick an entree for lunch and remained attentive throughout my visit.  
I ended up having the Jambalaya Wrap.  I found the rice to be quite mushy, but the rest of the flavors were definitely there.  
I don't think I'd specifically seek out this restaurant, but it was a solid meal and I always appreciate friendly service.Ate here over the weekend when a friend sent me a soon-to-expire coupon for this restaurant and I just so happened to be in the Fr. Qtr. with out-of-town family.  OK, this is a tourist restaurant, BUT in the lesser of the evils of tourist restaurants.  I mean, I'm local but I don't hang out in the Qtr. enough to know what's not a tourist trap because the entire French Quarter is one big tourist trap!  LOL.  Anyhoo...we had to eat and we had mostly kids to feed, so no Arnaud's for us!
I was surprised that the food was really pretty OK.  I ordered the fried oyster salad...the oysters were huge and fried just right.  Really enjoyed that salad!!  My niece's red beans and rice (with sausage) were pretty good...not the most amazing I've had but really pretty good.  My other niece's jambalaya was really good!  I was shocked at how much chicken and sausage there was in it...usually restaurant jambalaya consists primarily of tomato gravy'd up rice...blech.  I'm not a fan.  But, this jambalaya was surprisingly good.  My sister's fish with etouffee on top was OK...it was cooked well, but maybe just a tad bland.  The accompanying vegetables were amazing, not mushy, seasoned well.  Really good.
Overall, if you want to eat a decent meal and it has to be in the Fr. Qtr., this is not a bad option at all!Our server had 7 tables to herself, plus 4 people at the bar and she did amazing! She is so friendly! Her name was Kagnee. She was so sweet!! The food was delicious. I had a crab dip and it was the bomb! The food came out really fast, and it's good portion sizes. I would recommend this place to everyone.Staying next door to this restaurant at the LaGalerie Hotel. Great decor and atmosphere with ZERO wait time! The Hangover Burger and The Pirogue were fantastic and reasonably priced for the Quarter.  I'd be remiss if I didn't mention they serve PJ's medium roast coffee which was amazing.  However, the entire breakfast was capped by terrific service by our waitor Elijah! Highly recommended!Wonderful meal. Had the BBQ burger... Yes. I am the person that goes to New Orleans and doesn't eat fish or seafood. Burger and fries were perfectly cooked. Didn't give it 5 stars as it was kind of a warm night and it was kind of warm and humid in there. Servers and staff were ridiculously friendly.I had the shrimp and grits, the shrimp was rubbery and the sauce wasn't great. They got my friends order wrong. Just not a very good place.Stopped by Huck Finns as it was a pick up place for a tour we had booked. We had enough time for breakfast so reviewed the menu..
We both had Pain Perdu which basically means you are getting french toast with a small bowl of fruit.
The french toast was excellent, maybe the best we have eaten in a long while. The menu says it is prepared New Orleans style. Not sure what that means but it was something a little unique to make it different than other french breads (Pain Perdu) we have had.
The fruit was okay but the star of the show is the Pain Perdu.
The waitress was excellent, there to refill the coffee when needed and friendly.This is a great place to watch any Saints game or college football game. They have plenty of beer on tap and a great menu. I always order wings and they are always great. My husband ordered a hanburger and his stomach really hurt last time after he ate it. Stick to the beer and wings!We were a little disappointed because we really wanted to go to this restaurant for breakfast but we were too late and ended up having lunch.  This was a great little sports bar right down the street from our hotel so it was a perfect  spot to grab a quick sandwich. Being tourists we were all about the po' boys, so we each got a different one: shrimp, catfish, and oyster.  All three were really great, the thing that stood of the most was the bread.  It was so fresh and not soggy or chewy. It was perfect.  We all really enjoyed our sandwiches and would definitely return, hopefully for breakfast because their breakfast menu looks delicious!Awful, awful, awful. 
Turn around and RUN away. 
Hurry up, don't pass GO, just keep running Forrest Gump style.
So here's my story/nightmare:  6 ladies went out to walk around town to forage for breakfast, the other 2 places we found on YELP had lines out the door; including the Ruby Slipper which in hindsight we should've just waited since it took so long here anyhow would've been the same difference.  We walked right into this place and sat down. Probably should've rang bells out loud.
We sit down.  We are greeted and our waitress has a new trainy shadow. Nothing happens for about 10 mins, no waters, no waitress[es], nothing.  Finally they come back get our drink orders and we wait some more.  10 mins later we get waters but no drinks [a crying shame in NOLA].  10 mins after that we are finally able to 'place' our oder and get our drinks [keep counting b/c this is the longest breakfast of my life].  
We then wait another 30 mins and get our food probably an hour and half after we sat maybe 2, it was close.  We inquired about it at least 3 times and we have 2 waitresses mind you.  Additionally, manager never came over, never checked on us, no apologies, no hustles, very poorly managed [and it shows!] and now the restaurant is empty.  
Also, we were 30 mins away from being able to order lunch. No less than 2 other tables sat down after us, ORDERED lunch, ate and left and we are still waiting on our breakfast.  We had to keep drinking b/c we were going to eat our own arms. We actually asked for our toasts to be delivered BEFORE our meals b/c we were about to die of starvation.
We also used the YELP coupon for free beignets [which was still on the check when we finally got that].  When our food finally arrived it was, as you would guess another disaster, they are out of biscuits [which they charged us for anyhow], some of the eggs were not cooked all the way through, some had the wrong toast it was all wrong. We inhaled it later, of which one of the girls had to go to CVS and get Imodium b/c she swears she got food poisoning from her breakfast. 
Our bill for 6 people was WELL over $200, more than our seafood dinner the night before, for BREAKFAST.  And as I mentioned there was items on there that we shouldn't have been charged for and in my opinion they should've comped something.
I WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK! EVA EVA"That's the restaurant business". This is what the manager explained as to why our food was an hour late and when it did come one of the dishes was not cooked. An omelet with unmelted cheese. Dee-lish.
There are far better places.I had the jambalaya wrap for lunch. So good especially with the Cajun musturad/mayo dressing. Will be back!Chicken biscuits and gravey, excellent. Great bloody marys. We definitely would come here again.a 5 star review from me means i didn't even pick up the salt shaker.  everything was served better than i could have made it at home and perfectly cooked, seasoned and presented.  i am blown away by the food here.  we tried the bbq shrimp, shrimp and grits, fried pickles and hurricanes.  i would like to eat here every meal.I thought the food here and the selection were excellent.  Staff was very friendly and attentive.  My only gripe is I went there to eat oysters and they said they were out.  So I had a muffelletta instead.  All and all, I would go back.  Love the location.Kind of felt like the TGIF of New Orleans, but it grew on me when we were in there. Our food was really good, the crawfish poboy was huge and packed with crawfish, and my wife loved her jambalaya wrap, which I thought was an interesting and fun creation. The prices were more in line with what things should be, and their gumbo was great as well. Like I said it seems a little generic, but they do some of the traditional favorites well.This restaurant was right next to our hotel and we did not stop in until right before we left and it was just for a beer. We wish we had stopped in sooner! They have a great draft beer selection and very friendly staff. Their food looked pretty good too. They also have a fairly good happy hour. Worth a stop.The food was OK, but the bread pudding is amazing. The service was not so great, it was not a busy day but we hardly saw our server. The 4 star is just for the bread pudding...... the food and service is not included in that rating.Food was tasty enough, but service was too slow.  We were going to enjoy some Beignet's, but the service was so slow that we couldn't risk the time.  Our Sunday Lunch took an hour longer than it needed to.  That's too bad, because the decor was nice.The food here was great!  I had the muffaletta which was delicious!  The Boudin balls were amazing!  The portions are HUGE so sharing would be a great idea!We went to about 6 breakfast/lunch places in New Orleans & this was by far the worst. Sorry but I must even say its "overrated". We got the po'boys (as its of course a New Orleans staple) and they tasted like McDonalds hamburgers with the cheap mayo & wilted lettuce :( Was expecting so much more!! Also they stop serving breakfast & brunch at 11am which is MUCH too early for New Orleans night life & then you are forced to get the lunch or DINNER at 11:15am which is rough.The word "cafe" in it's name is a bit of a misnomer. This place is more of a sports bar. On Sundays, they have the NFL playing with any game you need and the audio accordingly. There is a large space here and you don't have to be 21 to get in. However, their beer selection is excellent!
The service is quick for how crowded they were and I didn't get a chance to try any of the food, but the menu looked excellent. Again, there are 3 distinct rooms, one of which is a bar, so this is a great place for groups!My wife and i stopped in here while we waied to be able to get checked in to our hotel.
I got the taste of new orleans.  I liked it.  Ive never have had crawfish etoufe (spelled wrong) before, so i have nothing to compare it to but i thought it was great.  The jambalaya was ok, a little dry.  And the reds beans and rice was alright.
Service was quick and polite.  
It had the feel of a sports bar which was right up my alley.
It was also happy hour, which i was unaware of and the waiter brought me over a second beer before it ended so i didnt miss out on the deal.  I liked that, especially cuz you Cn take your beers to go in new orleans. 
Overall a pleasant experience.All three times I have visited I ordered a new dish and everytime I LOVED IT. Catfish ettouffe is to die for!!! Service is good.First time in NOLA and my first stop. Delicious gumbo combined with excellent service.  A definite go to. Shout out to our waitress Charlotte for the warm welcome and great service.At first I thought this restaurant was a tourist trap, but I was wrong.  Everything about this restaurant is local, from the ingredients, music & waitstaff.  The portions are gigantic.  Bloody mary was good.  We dined as a group of 3 (2 locals & one non) and went family style so we could sample as many things as possible.  Red Beans are some of the best I've had in a restaurant, Crawfish Etoufee is spicy which I'm all about.  Chicken & Andouille Gumbo was a good starter as was the seafood Quesadilla.  I would definitely recommend to others & eat here again.  
Concerning the "incident".  I don't believe you should punish a business for the wrong actions of an employee.  Management has corrected the problem & I saw a diverse group of men & women working at the establishment.  If their management had cultivated an environment of racism, I don't think that the demographic makeup of the staff would have been so diverse.  Just my thoughts.  Food was good though & the service was very personable!I just randomly went here with my bf one night.  We were in the french quarter walking around and got hungry and wanted to find something reasonably priced to eat.  In the quarter that is hard to find sometimes.  We looked at the menu from outside the restaurant and saw that it was nola style food and decent prices, so we decided to go in.  The atmosphere was pretty cool, but our server was really awkward.  She seemed liked maybe she had a lot on her mind or something.  The were long silent pauses with her and she didn't pay much attention to us.  She was not really server material to be honest.  I ordered the fried pickles as the appetizer, which were absolutely delicious and the huck sauce to dip them in was amazing.  For my entree I ordered the jambalaya wrap and it came with fries.  That was really amazing too.  It came with the remulade  sauce on it and I asked the waitress if the sauce has seafood in it and she didn't really give me a straight answer (it's not that hard).  So I just asked for it to be on the side.  She brought the wrap out and didn't bring the sauce at all for me and never really came back to check up on us so I was just like eff  it I will use the rest of my huck sauce from the fried pickles and it was amazingly delicious either way.  My bf ordered a poyboy I forgot which one but I know he enjoyed it too.  All in all great food and cool atmosphere, just next time we go hopefully we will get a better server.The food was excellent. Biscuit and gravely some of the best I've ever had rich and flavorfulOverpriced. The service was great considering it is Mardi gras and the wait is probably happier taking the day off with friends or family. However the recipes for the food are terrible. They are stingy on compliments like fries and their poboys entirely miss on the potatoes and gravy. The low quality of their pork is insulting to the price, tons of fatty taste with no flavors. If you are a family, great place, lots of space to sit. However if you are a foodie don't come here.Fabulous cosmos and lemon drop martinis. $$1.50 3-6 weekday. Hurricanes are $5.00.  Service very friendly and right near our Bluegreen timeshare.Wandered in for a small bit to eat before a concert.  It was a Saturday, and they had all the football games going, and the crowd was pleasantly enjoying themselves. Good vibes.  We ordered Boudin Balls and Fried Pickles...both were very good, especially the Boudin Balls.  The dips/sauce that came with both were very good as well.  We weren't very hungry so we planned to stop there,but my husband decided he wanted dessert and ordered the Bread Pudding.  Excellent decision, best we have had in New Orleans.  We will be back to try more things!This is my first time here and I haven't even gotten the food yet. I have been waiting for about 45 minutes now for food. Hopefully it is good but this is definitely not the place to come if you need a quick/normal timed bite to eat. It also looks like they are short staffed or something so our waiter is running around like a chicken with his head cut off. Not a good place to be when you have a concert to get to. :-/ .... We finally got our food after about and hour and a half of waiting and it was actually delicious. I got the shrimp quesadilla (which is definitely an entree and not an appetizer) and my boyfriend got the catfish po-boy. Both were very good so if you have the time to wait then definitely try it!Remoulade was respectable but pretty small. Caesar Salad was fine.  Chicken not over done.  Fried fish dinner reported to be fair by colleague.  Gumbo was good, meaty and roux was solid.  Service - really really nice servers.  All engaged talking with patrons almost to the deficit of prompt customer service. RespectableThe food was bad and service not much better. I sat at the bar and was ignored by the bartender for about 5 minutes. That was a long time considering the place was not busy, only two other patrons seated at the bar. Huck Finn's served my appetizer and entree at the same time. Don't they know the difference between and appetizer and side dish? And to make things worse, they served the food all at once and I didn't even have silverware. Many times good service is not hard. It just requires attention to detail. C'monnnn Man!
The fried alligator I ordered was served blackened and WAY TOO SALTY!!. Yy crawfish étouffée was just okay, but didn't have very many mud bugs. The gumbo was good. Pass on Huck Finn's, there are too many better places near by.First time to NOLA.  Very good place.  Good creole/cajun food.  The one thing that was memorable was the Blackened Alligator.  Must get that if you stop by.I was very impressed by this restaurant. The waitress was sweet and helpful with tourist advice. The restaurant was slow so she talked to us for a bit while we were waiting for the food. When the food came, it was absolutely wonderful. I would eat here again.Service was great. Received exactly what wanted and quickly. Food was some of the best we've had in New Orleans.The eggs Benedict was good but nothing to write home about.  The Bloody Mary was delicious. Pretty empty for it being brunch on a Saturdat. I felt like it was expensive for what I got, but I guess that's the Quarter.This place was next door to our hotel and we overlooked it a few times until we were hungry and it was raining.
Once we got up the nerve to run from our hotel to Huck Finn's we realized the bar in our hotel was actually the bar at Huck Finn's... blonde moment.
We had dinner here and it was good, the service was great and the beignets hot!!! 
We were blown away by breakfast, I had the crawfish lafitte skillet, it was good, filling and I was not able to finish all of it. 
We sent some other friends over there and they enjoyed it as well.Wonderful food and even better service. Be sure to ask for Katie C. As your server. She's a sweetheart and truly cares about your experience.  My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this gem after a horrible experience at The Grill. The coffee is not your regular crap diner coffee but local and brewed just right. I ordered scrambled eggs and they were just heavenly. Will definitely be back :)I am months [just 2 -- 5/2015] LATE with this review and we chose to eat here BEFORE learning of the racist activity that occurred just a day or so before ... 
Let me be the BIGGER person and not base this review upon learning said racist activities. 
We were seated promptly and our waitress was nothing less than wonderful --- a very motherly type --- I wish now that I could recall her name.  
I ordered their thin fried catfish ... AWESOME! Fairly large portion, no complaints. I just wish that I could remember more details --- bottom line, customer service was awesome and my meal was delicious! Plan on making this one of my first stops upon returning to NOLA!Very busy time of year (New Year's + Sugar Bowl) but we got a seat right in front of the big screen in time for the Giants-Cowboys.  Service was slow although the place was not at 100% capacity.  But we eventually got all the food and beers requested.  Thumb's up for the cocktails - powerful stuff that I tack on an extra star for.I went here for a late lunch. I ordered the BBQ pork Po-Boy. The sandwich was good size. The pork was very juicy and full of flavor. The fries were pretty good too. The beignets, on the other hand were not so great. They were like small chunks of dough that were fried. They were very dense. I expected them to be light and fluffy. You can get better beignets elsewhere. 
The service was very slow. It took a very long time to get our check.This is a great casual cafe for lunch, dinner or drinks.  My husband and I went about 5:45pm for an early dinner as we wanted to catch the parade on Royal around 7:00.  We were seated promptly and our server came right over to take our drink orders and point our some of the items on the menu.  I had the fried catfish which was fantastic.  My husband ordered the Taste of New Orleans and it was AMAZING!  The gumbo was delicious and I'm not usually a fan of any gumbo.  The red beans and rice and the jamabalya were also fantastic. Overall, this a great place for an excellent meal with excellent service.  Highly recommend Huck Finn's!!This place was the absolute worst.  Service was HORRIBLE.  We waited for a solid 20 minutes before we had to ask a server for help.  After that, we waited another 10 minutes before our actual waitress came over to talk to us.  Our beers took forever.  Our food was average.  
In a city like New Orleans, service is king.  There is absolutely no reason why we should have to wait for 30 minutes to be approached by a server.  There are plenty of other places to go with food that is the same or better.Had to take my Boston colleague onto Bourbon street and make her have something she had never had before- gator bites.. She loved them. Had 20 screens at least to watch the games and we drank for an hour then headed out for more of what Nawlins has to offer. Great sports bar and had a great time Will be back!!Other than the location, the best thing about this place is the staff. Went there on a very cold Wednesday evening after the Superbowl and were instantly warmed up by the rockabilly style and smiles from these sassy ladies.  Ordered the wings (order hot if you want any  kick; medium was very mild) and sampler with crawfish etofette, jambalaya and red beans 'n rice. Etofette was very disappointing, jambalaya okay, but the red beans' n rice were tasty! Don't remember our server's name, but she went out of her way to make our visit enjoyable.A "5" for service, and a "3" for the food.
My waitress was absolutely wonderful, and I enjoyed the service very much. I was having lunch a few hours before my flight. Not knowingly a parade would take place on Canal Street on the same day, my waitress was very accommodating to get the food and check out as quickly as possible.  Not only that, she gave me great tips on where to go to get a taxi to avoid the traffic caused by the parade, and as a result, I got to the airport earlier than expected. This is an example of service that went above and beyond the normal expectations of just satisfactory service. 
I ordered the alligator po boy with fries and a cajun remoulade sauce. The spicy yet balanced sauce was great and married well with the savoury notes of the alligator sausage. It was also great as a dipping sauce for the fries. The fries met ones' usual expectations - crunchy on the outside yet fluffy on the inside with the right amount of salt. The alligator po boy was ok. I think the sausage, while had a nice sear on it, may have been a tad over-seasoned, but it really does taste like chicken. But, all the other elements - the bread, tomatoes, lettuce - were fine and helped cut through the salt a bit. I think I struggled the most with biting through the casing, which was tougher than a typical sausage casing. 
Overall, it was still a good experience enjoying alligator for the first time. Loved the service. Would come back again and try more things from the menu.This restaurant was visited by 4 African Americans one of which didn't like her dish and sent it back.  They comped the item with the following explanation:  $100% nigger discount. Not handwritten, but printed by the machine.  They did not fire anyone over this.  STAY AWAY!I can't speak of the food, as we have never tried it, but my husband loves this place for drinks! We stopped and got him a mixed drink call a Gator Bite when we were visiting in March and when we came back in November, he had to have another!Great Gumbo and Bloody Mary's! The wings could have been hotter but everything else was great. Our waitress was vary friendly and quick!Burger was amazing. I hand the NOLA I can't say enough about how good this burger was. There were two others that were with us and all he food was raved about. 
Thank you for the great meal.Sat at the bar for lunch. One on one service by John the bartender meant I was well attended even as he provided drinks for customers sitting at the tables. 
I started with a cup of Chicken and Andouille Gumbo. I am not an expert on gumbo but it tasted good enough to me. There was a lot of chicken and sausage in it which I liked.
I wasn't sure what to get for my entree so asked for recommendations from John. He said that If I like shrimp any dishes with the shrimp are excellent. I ended up choosing the Blackened Shrimp Quesadilla. I do know shrimp and quesadillas and this was very very good!
I was already full but upon John's prompting I sprang for the dessert. I had the bread pudding, which was also excellent.
Lots of great food choices in New Orleans, I would recommend this place.Everyone was happy with their meals. I had the fried green tomato BLT and it was great. They actually wove the slices of bacon so it was like a mat of bacon which did not fall out when you bit in to it. I wanted some red beans and rice but even though it was breakfast time out wait person rustled some up for me. It was delicious too. I'm going back.Came in late with a group because it was near House of Blues. We tried a variety of dishes, and most were pretty good. I wasn't particularly impressed with mine, but that may have just been a personal taste issue. 
Great place to go if you're nearby, but I wouldn't go out of my way to visit it.The food was good. The drinks were a bit expensive but there were drink specials to partake in. The service was good not great. The type of service has changed for the better I'd say. You now order at the table. There were plenty of TVs with a good variety of sporting events.My husband and I came here our first day of our trip to New Orleans. His requirement for lunch was that he eat a po-boy, Huck Finn's made that happen!
We were seated immediately as we entered the restaurant. Our waiter brought our food out quickly and we were pleased with the food, however we had to ask for napkins and utensils. A po-boy for each of us with fries cost us about $20 for lunch.Upon arriving to New Orleans on Feb 4th 2014 my Wife and I checked into our Hotel and were waiting for the other couple traveling with us to arrive on their flight. We decided to have lunch at Huck Finn's Cafe as the reviews were favorable to an extent. Upon arriving we were greeted by the Hostess who I found to be friendly but looked as if she had just rolled out of bed and came to work. I personally think that when you are the first person a customer sees when arriving you should present yourself in a manner reflective to the establishment you are working for. If this is the case then Huck Finns has many issues.
Our waitress was pleasant and friendly, she made many recommendations and was very attentive. However, the location was not extremely busy but everytime she came to our table she was sweating profusely. We ordered our drinks and then placed a appetizer order for Boudin Balls. 
As described on there menu:
Boudin Balls - House Made 8.95
A southern pork sausage with rice, rolled, panko breaded, and deep fried, served with our own tangy Huck Sauce. 
When placing the order if I am not mistaken the waitress informed us that she wanted to confirm they had them in stock before taking the order as the person in charge of ordering often times allows them to run out of stock. Now this item is advertised as House Made and if unless I am mistaken the way she spoke implied it is a item they order, however it is possible I mis-heard, she mis-spoke or she was referring to the ingredients. Either way when they arrived they come 3 to a serving and look House Made so take my previous statement however you may. The Huck Sauce to me tasted like Sriracha sauce mixed with Mayo and while the Boudin Balls were tasty I felt they were slightly over priced. 
At the waitresses recommendation I ordered a Shrimp Po Boy & my wife ordered a Jambalaya Wrap also at the waitresses recommendation. The food arrived in a timely manner and the waitress was very attentive to our drinks and asked several times if we were satisfied with our meals.
Shrimp Po Boy had fantastic bread and the only reason I probably did not enjoy this meal as much as I should have is probably because I am not a huge fan of Shrimp but this is not their fault ofcourse. The fries seemed as if they had some cajun seasoning on them and were rather good.
Jambalaya Wrap was nicely done according to my wife and she has no complaints.
When it was all said and done we passed on desert and paid roughly $60 dollars including tip for this lunch.
The reason for the 3 stars are as follows:
- The ownership needs to reconsider what message they are sending to the public. They really need to step up and confirm that there hostess is dressed properly and looks clean as she is the first thing you see when entering.
- Probably a New Orleans thing but having to travel what seems like a long distance to essentially what is another building just to use the washroom seems rather odd... Particularly when that other building seems like a hotel.
- Overall had this meal come out to $45 dollars with tip included then this restaurant would have easily reached 4 stars.We were picked up for a swamp tour in front of this establishment.  It looked nice (and close to our hotel, the Westin) so we collectively decided to try it for dinner upon our return.  Mind you, this was on a Thursday with no big event in N.O. (March 16, 2017).  We were dropped off by the tour and headed to the hostess at 7:00 PM.  No tables were being used in the room behind the hostess.  Further, only about half of the tables were seated in the rest of the business.  We asked for a table for 10 and the hostess said it would be 45 minutes to be seated, due to our large party.  Somewhat stunned, we decided to work with her and said that we could sit in two tables for five or three mixed tables, whatever was easiest for her.  She told us that she would not seat ten people for one waiter.  We said that we could sit in different areas and she still said that it would take 45 minutes.  Clearly, it was now a rift that she felt obligated to "win," so we thanked her and walked away.   The hostess won and the business lost revenue for 10 dinners on top of receiving this review.  I hope it made her feel good.Ewwwwweeeee! If you are interested in a real cajun breakfast, then DON'T you come on down to Huck Finns, ya hear? We were trying to find breakfast on Sunday morning and all the good places were packed with long lines, so we hopped on our handmade raft down river a ways and landed at half-empty Huck Finns.  The menu looked good and our big group ordered a little of everything.  While I forgot to ask for properly cooked bacon (i.e. edible), the napalm seared, blackened strips of hellfire I received snapped like a crystal glass when I tapped it against the plate. I think it would be what obsidian would taste like as it cut my mouth all up. The hashbrowns (really just roasted unseasoned potatoes, possibly just tater tots) were OK. The biscuit was not warm and stared me down (it won).  A seasoned southerner with us pronounced the beignets to be "stale donut holes" that rolled on the plate like shooter marbles.  The Brick Tamland of our group noted that he really like his breakfast sandwich because of its "crispiness", while the gourmand beside me pronounced that the crispy was unintentional as it was caused by stale french bread and the same scorched earth bacon. This food would be a welcome bit to eat while taking a break from the raft on an island in the Mississippi River, but falling short for the French Quarter. 
But: No line or waiting!  Maybe the lunch is really good.  
Disclaimer: I was aghast with an epic hungover, but still, the facts remain.Went here after a food tour and waiting for a swamp tour.  I got the sampler of New Orleans and felt it was mediocre.  The service was prompt and quick with options of a high table or short table (bar seating or restaurant seating).  The place is nice and clean.
The waitress recommended the sampler.  I was not impressed at all.
The gumbo was watery and barely warm.  It lacked body and good flavor.
The jambalaya was dominated with sausage and was average.  I didn't think it was anything special.
The crawfish etoufee with rice was good.  Had decent flavor, good pieces of crawfish, and served warm.
For me I prefer to have food to be steaming and freshly prepared.  These type of dishes are typically made to serve a lot people.  However, they were clearly keeping them in a warning area or soemthing.
If you are looking for something quick, then this may be an option.  However, it does not appear to be the highest quality.
If you have a West coast pallete, this place isn't for you.  Try other places to get your fill of New Orleans.Came here while I was on vacation and I have to say it was really, really good. Had the gator because I've always wanted to try it and it was tasty. I came with 2 girlfriends and we shared a boudin wrap, the jambalaya and the red fish. Everything was seasoned beautifully! The service was great (but slow) and the place was clean and the AC was blaring.My Husband liked his burger & fries (3 star burger). 
I had the BBQ shrimp & grits, and was disappointed (1 star BBQ shrimp). I have had this meal before at other restaurants and loved it.  However, at this restaurant it did NOT look appetizing, and it did not taste good.  I understand that there are many other patrons who love this dish, unfortunately I was not one of them. 
The waitress was very sweet, but never checked back with us until after my Hubby had already eaten his entire meal.  She finally came to check on us, and offered another entree, but I had lost my appetite by then.  The only reason I did not rate this place lower is b/c the waitress was a real sweetheart and took the $17.00 shrimp & grits off our bill.The  best grilled shrimp quesdilla ever it is an appetizer but it's great ! I believe it was 13.00.We were on a girls trip to New Orleans and came across this restaurant for lunch. They had reasonable prices and everything we ordered was excellent. Highly recommend for lunch. Also, the portions are quite large.Food not bad. Service horrible. At times there were no employees on the floor at all. At one point they were all outside smoking or whatever. Never go back.My very first time dining here was about 4 years ago. I remembered this place, so I had to come back. I went here last night with a friend and really enjoyed the food. I had the blackened alligator and some friend pickles to start. I also had the Cajun burger. The waitress was very attentive to our needs and quite friendly. The ambience was great and it wasn't too crowded. I will definitely return next time I visit the Crescent City!Food was pretty good . My one complaint was the service was a little slow.Good food Great service! It took me two days to be done with the deep fried brown food at the tourist favorites. The plates we were served at Huck Finns were colorful and delicious. Our waitress was excellent. There were 18 at our table and everyone had their drinks refilled twice.The restaurant was currently under renovation so we were seated in a very small, compacted area. The food was fresh. The NOLA Burger and the Crawfish Eggrolls were very good. The service could be better. The waiter wasn't very pleasant. Overall it was a decent place to eat."This feels like a TGI Fridays or an Applebee's."
"That's because it's clean."
Both of these statements are true. It does feel a bit chainy, but I think that's because it looks very clean with well kept furniture and a lot of nice sports décor, which gives it that Applebee's feel. The menu also seems to cover all the basics and while I don't know if every dish is made to order, I know the bread pudding claims to be. 
We came on Mardi Gras and had a little bit of a wait, but it wasn't too bad. We had a coupon for a "buy one entrée get the second one half off". I ordered a jambalya wrap, which was huge and filling. My husband went for the crawfish po' boy and he was pleased as well. Especially with the discount, it was reasonably priced. 
If that were the end of my review, I would give it four stars, but I need to knock one more. The bathroom situation was awful. It was housed in the adjacent hotel and there was only one stall, meaning there was constantly a line for the ladies room. At one point I waited 10 minutes. Clearly, the building nor this potty plan were designed by a woman.I'm disappointed. I've been waiting to try some good food in Nola. This place was a hit with other Yelpers so I gave it a try. NEVER AGAIN.  I ordered the Catfish platter $14,  hence the name platter but I was served 3 of the smallest pieces of catfish ive ever seen, i thought they were perch they were  so small. I  also ordered the side dishes of Jambalaya and Red Beans and rice.  The Jambalaya was really good,  full of flavor and packed with sausage and chicken.  The Red Beans were delicious until I mixed it with the uncooked, hard rice. I was not pleased with my visit.  The Jambalaya is the only reason for the 2 stars. Not sure if it had something to do with the closing time but I think the cook is definitely tired. I would rather have eaten at the Hotel.Stopped here for lunch. Charlott was server. She was the friendliest server yet here in NOLA. Seating was immediate. Nice indoor decor, very clean, cloth napkin, an elegant cafe of sorts. 
She recommended the Taste of N.O. Which I had and was awesome. It Was gumbo, crawfish étouffée, and jambalaya.  Kinda like 3 small sampler bowls of each. Very filling. 
My two children had grilled cheese and cheeseburger from the kids menu, go figure, wife had a Caesar chicken salad. All food was great. A little pricey for $48 at lunchtime with two of those from kids menu, but I figure that's gonna be anywhere in NOLA.This was our first real meal in NOLA on our guys trip last weekend and it was totally solid.  Our server was awesome and the food was all excellent. Some notes:
Blackened Alligator appetizer - I've never had gator cooked this way (only fried before) and this was WAY better, definitely order the blackened gator
Boudin Balls - Awesome!
Blackened Redfish with Etouffee - Was really good, probably the best etouffee we had over the 5 days.The food was great!  The service was awful.  One of the waiters was loud, obnoxious, and wouldn't quit telling the same stories over and over. He even began giving the lady next to us medical advice on migraines like he was a doctor. Our server was slooooow. She'd disappear and be gone forever. I think she was avoiding the other waiter. Ha! Ha! I mean they weren't in the room at the same time. But the food was really good. I'll surely say that. All in all, I'd not go back. For the price, the service didn't cut it.Our first choice was not open for lunch so we crossed the street and were happy with our choice. The host(ess) was not at the front to greet us, it was unclear if she was busing tables as there was another person doing that, or if she was seating another group, but when we asked if we could seat ourselves as it was not busy our question was ignored.
Our server was pleasant and we were served quickly. I had a chicken sandwich and my partner had a sampler of gumbo and jambalaya which he enjoyed. At first he thought it would not be filling, but it was. The bathrooms are single stall only with the sink outside the room where the toilet is located. Folks wait outside if the restroom is not vacant.
The location is wheelchair accessible and so are the bathrooms.Great food again. Place was super busy but our service was pretty good. The crab dip is almost all crab excellent.Server was terrible and we waited forever for everything and then the food was horribleGood lunch for families (don't think under 21 can get in at night).  Fun place to watch games, tv's everywhere.  We stayed in New Orleans a couple days after our cruise earlier this week.  With the Sugar Bowl and Saints game, the town was very rowdy, but we found a couple family-friendly gems.  Huck Finns was one of them. The Saints game was on along with seemingly every other game, but not ours.  I asked the manager to turn on the Bears' game and he did it on-the-spot and we were happy.  The steak wrap was awesome!  Kids had chicken strips and fries and were happy.  My wife had a salad and enjoyed it.  Reasonably priced in the french quarter.The name is a little catchy, so we assumed the food was not remarkable - but we were surprised.   We actually patronized it because it was on the Krewe De Vieux French Qtr parade for Mardi Gras and a block off the street car line.   We were looking for food and convenience with parade access.
Our cocktails were EXCELLENT, well-prepared.  We ordered boudin balls for our appetizer.  My companion ordered a Cajun Burger and I had gumbo.    The boudin balls were quite good, as was the gumbo.    The Cajun Burger was EXCELLENT and my companion couldn't stop eating it.  He has since mentioned that it was the BEST burger he's ever had and that we should plan to eat there again.
Our server was delightful, attentive, and seemed to take extra effort to make sure our experience was pleasant.  She was very personable.On vacation from Miami and this place did not disappoint. All I can say is the food was amazing! Had the Jambalaya and an order of Gumbo and it was DELICIOUS  Our server Charlotte was great! She was super friendly and had a great personality! Definitely recommend this place...Following a late morning meeting, a group of six, including me, decided to try Huck Finn's for lunch.  Fortunately for us, it was still a few minutes before 12 noon and there was lots of available seating, including an 6 top table that seated us comfortably.
Being a sucker for a good hot sausage sandwich, I opted for the Cajun Burger.  This local twist on a "combo" burger is made with "1/4 pound hamburger and 1/4 pound hot sausage patty topped with bacon and your choice of American, cheddar, Swiss or provolone cheese (cheddar for me) and comes dressed with Cousin's sauce, lettuce, tomato and pickles".  I'm not quite sure what makes up the Cousin's sauce, but it's definitely mayo based and may have a touch of remoulade sauce infused in it.
The burger itself was pretty good and very juicy, as nothing ruins a good burger more than overcooking it and drying it out, especially one infused with hot sausage.  But all in all it was a solid burger.  The cross cut waffle fries were another story.  They were either completely overcooked or fried in oil that was entirely too hot; or perhaps a combination of the two.  Either way, there were not a success.
Our server was attentive enough to be considered overly competent, but not attentive enough to be considered excellent.  Also, consider me old fashioned, but $12.00 is a little pricey for a burger.
So there you have it; a pretty good restaurant that probably will not disappoint you.  On the flip side, it probably won't leave you wanting to hurry back soon either.  Just your average French Quarter fare.I've enjoyed breakfast and dinner at Huck Finn's and have never been disappointed. Service is excellent, food is terrific, and the pricing is the fairest in the Quarter.This is a good sports bar kind of place. If you want to catch a game over meal time with a drink or two, it's not a bad choice. I've been twice, the second time better than the first. Crawfish etouffe is pretty good, and I enjoyed the shrimp po boy.  
You can do a lot better in New Orleans for amazing food, but if you're hungry and want a convenient place to catch a game, it's worth a stop. Friendly, prompt service. Don't expect to have the best meal of your trip here and you'll be all right.Relaxed and clean, which is hard to find in the Quarter. The food is not mind blowing, but totally decent and reasonably priced. 
Great place to satisfy the needs of a big group. You can get local food or standard bar fare. You can watch the game or sit and chat with friends.It was a good night at Huck Finn. Food was delicious and out Waiters are really nice! We would come back!
Nice Beer Section.Disappointing! I had high hopes for some NOLA eats, but Huck Finns didn't match expectations. I ordered the BBQ shrimp po boy because the waiter said is was their most popular item. It was nothing special. The fried pickles were good. Perhaps the most disappointing thing was the service. Our waiter acted like he would rather be anywhere but there. Pass on Huck Finns.Good service. Jambalaya was tasty but very dry. My wife like her taste of New Orleans. Great kids options! Highly recommend trying a po boy sandwich. The table next to us ordered them. They were huge.
I wasn't complaining about the jambalaya in the restaurant, but the waitress was really kind and gave us a refund for that meal. Very unexpected.Service was great and the food was really good. I had the roast beef poboy it is was the best I have had in a long time. 
There was an automatic 20% tip on the bill that I was not keen on because if my service was poor (It was not) I would have been mad over this. This service was really great though and would have tipped this amount anyway.Food was delicious.   Yummy. Atmosphere was good. Came for lunch. Great music and seemed very clean.  I gave only a three star due to the service. It seemed like the patrons around me had a wonderful server.  She was happy upbeat and quick.  My server however was awful.  I bet she said two words to me, no smile, and was absent except when she took my order and brought my food.  I needed mayo, which I asked for when I ordered.  She never came out until finally someone was seated beside me and I caught her when she took his order. Maybe she was having a bad day.  Other than that everything was great.Great food and excellent service.  Our waitress Amanda was awesome! She offered great service and gave us helpful ideas on where to go and what to see during our trip.  :)Eat here at least once every time I'm in town. Really enjoy the menu and atmosphere. Very unassuming and good service. Great appetizer menu--fried pickles are not overly salty. The trio dish is good and gives a chance to try three separate dishes for one price.Stopped in here for a quick dinner before heading to Frenchmen Street. The food was mediocre at best - everything was run of the mill and sometimes over cooked. I had the red beans and rice. The bread served with it was dry and almost stale. There was also a very over cooked sausage on top (at least it resembled a sausage). The fried pickles were very good as an appetizer.
The service was good though we waited at the table a long time before the server came over. He was very friendly but nothing exceptional. Not a place I would visit again.One of our all time favorites. We hit it up once every time we roll through NOLA.
Excellent cajun eats and drinks at modest prices. Good service.Horrible service!  Went there for after work apps and drinks. The bartender was rude and miserable. The drinks were also horrible. Don't waste your time going to Huck Finns especially since there are so many better choices in NO.Had the Taste of New Orleans it was delicious. The wait staff was very accommodating for our party of 16 with kids ranging from ages 2-17. I would definitely return and have the same thingOur family had lunch here last week. I had the Taste of New Orleans. It was very good. Hubby and our kids all loved their food. Waiter kept filling drinks and was very friendly. Over all food was service were great.We were here for lunch on Friday afternoon. Kevin was out waiter and recommended the Roast Beef Debris poboy. It was wonderful, almost like shredded pot roast on a sandwich. My fiancé got the crawfish platter. I wasn't a huge fan of this, but he ate it right up. The French 007 (pear vodka, pomegranate, and champagne) was a little dry for my taste, but was still good. We would definitely go back on another trip.Stan was a great waiter and the food was yummy! We were able to get right in for Sunday Brunch after going to 3 different restaurants that were completely booked with a line waiting outside.Returned for a late lunch. My wife and I both had the taste of New Orleans and her mother had the fried catfish. So far Kevin, our server, has been phenomenal. Still our favorite food here.I want to give this place a higher rating but simply cannot. Foods good, but the rushed service and early closing hours especially for  the nola area kinda left me perplexed. That also coupled with mice running around the floor was the inevitable nail in the coffin. We mentioned the little rascals running around but staff seemed to shrug it off and no manager was present to handle the situation.Just ok-- Sat at the bar to grab a quick bite- late lunch. Bartender was nice enough. I ordered a side of fried shrimp and fried pickles... I was having a fried moment I guess. My main complaint was the pooling grease in the bottom of the bowl the dishes were served in. I ended up sopping excess grease up with bar napkins... If they'd just have let the drain or put paper or a napkin in the bottom.. It would have been a lot more enjoyable. The flavor was okay and the dishes calmed my cravings. Ended up sick about 2 hours later for the remainder of the night.. I think it was from the heavy grease. Also- the floor in the place was so slippery, it was like ice skating. Be careful. I'm guessing its from grease?This is a great place to watch a sporting event. TVs all around, great food, and the service was excellent. The parase pases by this restaurant too, which is cool because I was able to run outside real quick and grab some beads.My partner and I went here for a quick bite to eat while on vacation in the French Quarter.  We were both extrememly dissapointed.  Our server, was slow...as a matter of fact, it took her almost 5 minutes just to greet us at the table.  The food was lackluster.  He and I both had po-boys and found them to be bland.  
With so many places to chose from in the French Quater, put this one on the bottom of your list.The food was amazing!! I had the omelet with shrimp, crabmeat and crawfish. Delicious and the price was not bad. I would have gone two days in a row but wanted to try other places. The Beignets were okay but I would go somewhere else for those. They are more round instead of square and very doughy.5,4,3,2,1 gone.   Two times been here two times could not get served.  Adios.   Hmm so my reviews is on the short side.   Let me see catfish platter.   Grade incomplete.   Service? Nonexistent.  AdiosThe food is amazing. I had the eggs Benedict with crab cakes and it was so savory. The presentation was great. Paired with a mimosa the taste is Devine. I would definitely recommend this to anyone visiting. It's a hidden gem of NOLA.Superior service from Angie!
Authentic NOLA food all over the place!
Recommended are Gumbo, Jambalaya, pulled pork, salad, beers, and bread pudding.
Comfy atmosphere!
Andy & Donna Gregg,
Vancouver, WAWhen in downtown NOLA Don't go anywhere else but here for GREAT quality food. I can't stress it enough!!!Nice atmosphere and good service. The NOLA burger is great! Chips are ok but not the best (chips, not fries). Etoufee was also good.I have eaten here a few times and it always gets the job done. Huck's has more of a major sports bar chain feel to it than a New Orleans specially restaurant. Nicely appointed with beautiful brick walls and lots of nice flat screen TVs so you can watch all the games.  The food is solid if not spectacular and the prices are certainly $$ rating worthy. The tchoupitoulas (sp?) with chicken was delicious, the BBQ shrimp was pretty good, and the étouffée was fantastic. Lots of good beers and a very large menu with all the Big Easy staples choose from.This was the first place we ate at when we arrived and I was disappointed. My dish was not good in my opinion. I got the shrimp and grits. The shrimp tasted fishy as if it wasn't washed well. The grits was alright. Checked in and got the free order of beignets! The beignets were good, not too heavy on the dough like some other places. Very light and fluffy. We had a party of 6 and only one person liked their dish. On the other hand our waitress was outstanding! She was on top of everything which I'm big on and why this review has three stars.Found this place by accident really...we were suppose to meet here in the morning to get on a bus for a swamp tour, so we got here early with the intention of having a bloody mary and some grillads and grits (a traditional cajun breakfast) unfortunatly they had taken it off the menu!? Fortunately our waitress who was VERY friendly and full of energy, recommended the shrimp and grits instead. OMG (I dont use that very often) but they were good, shrimp were perfectly cooked, very tasty, and the sauce was delicious! Can't vouge for anything else, but the bloody marys, shrimp and grits and sevice are incredible!!THEY HAVE RATS!
Got in pretty late for dinner and this was close to our hotel. My drink (hurricane) was pretty good but my food was just nasty. I got the BBQ shrimp which came on grits and it was not good. The shrimp didn't taste fresh and the grits tasted and looked like it was scrapped from other plates and thrown together on my plate. While waiting for our check the friendly neiborhood RAT came out!Good food nice atmosphere, took a while to get our food and had to send back the burger. But it was dealt with professionally and nicely. Corrected food was very good.good sit down restaurant with casual atmosphere.
Our server - Tia ?  was excellent.   Ask for her when you go there.Super yummy jambalaya! Nice open atmosphere. Good drinks.We have eaten at Huck Finn's twice. Once we ate  breakfast, and it was absolutely delicious. Last night we ate a burger and fries, and it was one of the best we've had in New Orleans. Give them a try; you won't regret it. They are also reasonably priced, so you can walk down the street and eat beignets afterwards.We had signed up for a City Tour, and we were supposed to wait in front of Huck Finn's for the bus.  We decided to stop in for a quick breakfast.  We explained to the waitress that we were in a hurry, and she got us our sausages and breakfast po' boy almost immediately.  We enjoyed them so much, we decided to come back the next day.
When we returned, we had time for a more leisurely breakfast.  My wife had the N'awlin's Eggs Benedict, which has a biscuit instead of the English muffin.  It was very good, but my Bayou Lafitte Skillet was much better.  I would have never thought of putting crawfish and etouffee sauce in a breakfast skillet, but it was amazing.Had a lovely lunch experience here. We sat ourselves at the bar and we were created by the nicest/ bubbliest bartender ever ( Lila). She truly made our day. Everything we ordered drink wise was spot on. I also had a the black and blue burger which the only way I could complain was that was slightly over cooked but it still had very good flavor...thank you for starting my day off right!The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't amazing either. With all of the different places you can eat in new Orleans and especially the quarter it's hard to recommend this. However it's not awful and tastes okay.We ate there a couple of times during the summer (to and from PCB on a road trip) and I can't wait to go back this December. The food in NOLA is usually good but this pkace was great. I had the shrimp po' boy and my wife had the catfish filets. Everything was top notch - really fresh. Even the fries were great. The servers were friendly and engaging.I got the blackened tuna salad. It was well prepared and tasty. The beignets are the best I've had in NOLA!Awesome place for breakfast. Service was above and beyond the call of duty. Highly recommended so when you are in Nola make sure you stop in at Huck Finns.  It's a must!!It wasn't terrible, but it wasn't good. Pass this up, even if you're going for convenience. My husband had the BBQ burger and he thought it was fine, but not great. I had the cajun pasta and it was pretty bland. The sun-dried tomatoes seemed a little off and the chicken had an odd texture to it. The service was fine, but all the patrons seemed a bit cranky! Maybe it was because it was during the French Quarter Festival and all the other restaurants were full.Our server Alex was quite the entertainer. Went for breakfast and really enjoyed the Ragin' Cajun omlete and Bloody Mary.  Crawfish was probably from frozen stock but all in all, we will definately be returning before our departure due to the service and quality of food.It should have been a sign. All along Bourbon and canal Street the lines were long, but not at Huck Finns! Delirious from the flight and needing some liquor in our systems to start the Memorial Day weekend off right, my boyfriend and I weren't being too choosy. 
When we got there we had to wait some time to be seated and the hostess announced that it would be a moment- mind you the place was empty. They seated us in the bar area. Another 10 minutes went by before our server met us- again the place was empty.
We ordered wine, jambalaya and the fried shrimp, catfish and oysters. The jambalaya was just not very good. Very dry. The fried trio was a duo, the oysters never came. 
All in all not a place I would recommend going, unless you are really hungry and the other lines are too long. 
Our server was really nice, but we never really saw her, which if the place was busy I would understand. Again, there was no one there.Extremely underrated by most reviews. Excellent service (Jennifer the bar tender was fun and extremely helpful), great menu, and prices are reasonable for the French Quarter.I liked this place. We stopped here in between sightseeing excursions for lunch. My husband and I both had po boys. He had the alligator sausage and I had shrimp. Both were fantastic! Our waiter was very nice and attentive. Reasonably priced and a fun atmosphere.
The only thing I didn't like is they only had one restroom stall for women. I guess this would be ok in a restaurant this small but it has a bar kind of like a sports bar and only one stall was a problem. So be prepared to wait in line ladies.His was such a great place! Happy hour Monday- Friday 4-6 pm. $1.50 lemon drop martinis! John the bartender is amazing!!! He was very social and his drinks were strong. When you come to New Orleans, come visit John!!This place was great! We ordered a little bit of everything thanks to THE MAN Stanley. Stanley is everything you want in a server and more. He took care of us and recommended all kinds of things for us to enjoy. I wish I saw the offer for the free beignet for checking in but maybe next time. I would definitely recommend this restaurant and you would be lucky to sit in Stanley's section.Huck Finn's was recommended to us by the valet at our hotel and we're glad he did so. This was our first meal in New Orleans and it was all very good. We had a range of boudin balls, cajun burger, shrimp po boy, jambalaya, and grilled chicken. It was all wonderful. We ended with beignets (of course) and can't complain about those either. Service leaved a little to be desired. Otherwise I recommend Huck Finn's!Shrimp pasta?  Phenominal.  I would only share if I ordered 2!  Sauce was perfect.  Not quite an Alfredo ...better and lighter.Not much to say, except for that it was my favorite.  Great service, great food, and prompt service.  My favorite place in New Orleans.Cold food... Bad service. Has to beg for drink refills. Had to return my meal because it was cold and inedible. Waiter told me I still had to pay for the meal so had to get the manager involved. 
Very disappointing. Don't eat thereCame in for a quick bite not bad not great. Fried alligator was great. Bbq shrimp po boy lacked flavor and shrimp. Pretty mundane for a cafe. The kicker was the waitress nice lady. Gave her change and she kept dropping it. She brought back our change minus the dollar. She said she rounded up. No, I gave you exact change  plus an extra 10. She almost became argumentative then another table looked over and she said "oh my bad" 
The pros quiet cafe, clean, ac
cons mediocre food, staff that is obviously too tired.A great place for some great food! Be sure to try the Boudin Balls or their Bleu Burger. It's heavenly! The drinks here are $10+ but they are strong and well worth it!Erin was our server & she was the highlight of the evening. The drinks were muuuuuch better after we asked for vodka-cranberry instead of cranberry-vodka! :-)
Otherwise, the bar-type food at this spot is  relatively unremarkable. The wings and po' boys are the best. The fried mozzarella sticks may have been ok if they'd changed the grease! They were too dark & had flavors unrelated to the mozzarella.Boudin balls with remoulade were great.  The crawfish étouffée was good.   The jambalaya was ok.  Service was prompt and polite. This is a clean decent place to have a sit down lunch, a drink, and watch a game.Food here is fantastic. We order the firecracker shrimp and was awesome. Also the chicken ad sausage gumbo is to die for. Drinks are awesome starting with a Bloody Mary. Service was excellent. And fast :)Stopped in here for lunch, and really enjoyed the experience. The gator bites were delicious, as was the rest of our meal. And the staff was very friendly and helpful with other suggestions for activities.The food was so good here. I had a blackened chicken salad (gluten free naturally) and it was one of the best salads I've ever had. They offer free beignets with a check-in on Yelp. I'm normally a fan of bloody Mary's but there was an ingredient in the one I had from here that I wasn't a fan of. They do have a full bar as well as a breakfast/lunch menu.Out of all the restaurants in the vicinity, this one took online reservations and made it easy to have a peace of mind when it came to getting your meal in the time allotted while on a work trip.  There's a lot to be said about that compared to the horror stories you read about other restaurants and the lines when it gets busy. 
Even though I didn't end up needing the reservation as the restaurant only had 4 tables when I got there, it was still a bonus that helped them get my business despite having a lower star rating relative to the others in the area.  Never underestimate how you can increase business by making it easy for people to feel connected to the business.  The hostess looked at me funny when I said I had a reservation and she looked around the business and I told her I guess I don't need it.
In any event, this charming little cafe is located 1 block from the Sheraton on Canal Street where I was staying which may have caused the smaller than usual crowd.  You can't see it and you won't know to look for it if you were just walking down Canal Street.  It's an open dining restaurant with the main dining quarters and bar open to the street with no walls.  You basically sit in an open area right by the street with a roof and 3 walls.  While it made for an excellent open airy feel and you get fresh air, the bad thing is you get flies and if you sit right by the opening, the sun can get hot when it beams on you directly.
I wanted to try everything so I ordered a ton of food.  The waitress even offered to get me some to-go boxes but I told her no need.
Gator bites:  These are some of the most beautifully fried golden nuggets of the tastiest gator tail you ever laid your hands on.  Served with a savory roumalade sauce, you can't stop popping them in your mouth.  I would describe it as the best fried chicken nugget you ever had, with a slight gamey flavor, and with a texture not unlike a good pork chop.  The meat had a bit of give and chew and is not tender like a chicken breast.  But it is easily juicy and when combined with the sauce, you would wish you had ordered 2 plates of these.
Boudin balls:  Easily the star of the show out of what I had.  The plate comes out with 4 golden brown balls arranged in a pyramid on top of the same roumalade sauce.  The outside coating is thick but gives away easily under a fork or a bite.  Inside, the ground boudin sausage mixture was moist and delicious, but not overwhelming in flavor.  The seasonings in the coating combined with the light boudin flavor to create a sensational balance of texture and flavor.  This is a must try if you like boudin.  And if you like boudin, frying it makes it that much better.
Shrimp and grits:  The plate looks huge but it's actually shallow so it's not that bad.  The 4 big gulf shrimp were cooked perfectly with blackened Cajun seasoning.  However, the grits and seasoning tasted so good that it relegated the shrimp to second fiddle.  I couldn't stop eating the grits, 1 spoon after another, shoveling like I was working a construction site.
Taste of New Orleans (3 items):
- Gumbo:  The gumbo looked normal... Brown roux with the same ingredients you find in other places... But it tasted very heavy and smoky.  It's easily the most densely flavored gumbo I have had.  It's not bad, but not the best I have had either.
- Etouffe:  the red stew was simply marvelous.  The flavor was intense but not overwhelming.  I enjoyed this dish and would order this on its own next time.
- Jambalaya:  I never was too crazy about jambalaya but it's New Orleans, so you gotta try it.  While this was pretty good, I could do with out it.  The rice was moist and the meats were flavorful, but I am not just not that into jambalaya.
In all, I think this place deserves 5 stars for the excellent food, nice portions, and great service.Honestly came here because of a 10% off coupon and the gumbo super spicy the fire cracker shrimp wasn't good the jambalaya tasted liked Vicks vapor the fried pickles were salty it was just blah!!! Don't recommend!Food was bleh.  The BBQ shrimp po boys were not very good.  Overall, generic airport restaurant type food.  Probably fine for a beer and watching a game but not a place to eat with so many better options around.We had no idea where to dine and ran into this gem!  Their selection is wide and price range is decent. $10- about $30.  Place is very nicely decorated, very clean and food is tasty.  The Cajun burger is so savory... Alligator Po Boy was good, but a bit salty for what we are used to.  The chicken dinner plate was very good as was the chicken sausage soup and the chicken burger.  The BEST part of our experience was our server TIA.  She was so gracious, patient and made sure we ALL were happy with our order.  Make sure to ask to be seated with her (although everyone seems to be nice here). TIA definitely takes care of her table!The food is excellent, the service was top notch. The only reason that they did not receive a 5 star was both the ladies and the men restroom was horribly dirty and it appeared by the amount of toilet paper that it had been that way for a while.You have a lot of places in Nawlins that you can try.  Skip this one, unless you really like places such as Applebee's and Ruby Tuesdays.  Nothing against those places and nothing against Huck Finn.  It's just that if you are going to Nawlins as a tourist, then go to the places that you came there to try.  It's ok to to be a tourist and eat at the places you see on FOOD network.  The only reason my wife and I went in here was because it was hot outside.  We had drinks and dessert.  Drinks were watered down, to be honest, it's Nawlins, drinks should be cheap and huge, and the pecan pie was something I could have bought at the store.Was recommended to go to Huckfinn's upon arrival staff was very courteous. We were seated quickly. The boundin was bland. However the crawfish etouffee was splendid.Great fried pickles, tasty roast beef po boy, and good service. We walked straight in, got seated right away and had a very tasty lunch. We live about 40 minutes away and come down to the aquarium. We will be back for lunch again next time!Great for a large group, and lots of menu options for various dietary needs! The alligator bites and fried pickles were very good, and the shrimp and grits was awesome - albeit with lots of butter. My friend didn't like it so much. Good prices too. Other entrees we tried were good, but not rock star quality.
Waitstaff and management were super helpful and attentive. Ambiance is mediocre at best.We went on a weekday for lunch prior to being picked up there for a tour.  We were looking forward to their Po-Boys but the kitchen ran out of French Bread.  The waitress took our order before returning 5 minutes later to tell us we had to change our order.  The Jambalaya wrap was ok, but we had better in hole-in-the-wall places around town.
We had a coupon for free beignets fir dessert, which we ordered with the meal.  20 minutes after the food arrived, we were given the check.  I inquired about the beignets, which led to pronounced apologies from the waitress.  10 minutes later, they arrived and tasted horrible -- frozen on the inside and gross on the outside.  
This is a bad tourist-trip restaurant.  There are so many better places for lunch on the French Quarter.Mediocre at its best. Had the Po boys. Much better places to eat are easily available.Been coming here for the past 2 years and the food is always slammin! Yesterday I got the Jambalaya wrap (as I always do), my brother got the Cajun burger, my dad got a fried fish platter and my mom got the taste of New Orleans. Everyone was very pleased with their meals. The presentation was excellent too!Menu was decent. We were looking for a kid friendly spot for a late night dinner. Cheese fries were yummy and I enjoyed the jambalaya wrap. The kids quesadillas and buttered noodles were okay.First time in New Orleans and this place was a recommendation! First off, the service is Great!!! Our server was Jeff and he really knew his stuff when it came to the menu and offering great recommendations when my friends and I were stuck between two great menu items. Secondly the FOOD! So great and filling and exactly what you need after drinking a Hand Grenade on Bourbon street! I had the shrimp pasta and could not be happier, couldn't finish it because portion sizes are generous but my friends sure helped to finish off a delicious meal! Will be coming back on the next visit!We stayed at the hotel adjacent to Huck Finn's so we started our first night there and ended up coming back for happy hour each day for the rest of the trip. The bartender John gave amazing services and had great stories. Would definitely come back again.Unbelievably bad.
1.Put our name on the door and was told 1/2hr wait, there was up to 15 people waiting outside with 6 or 7 empty tables inside. The only reason all patrons were waiting was the lack of urgency to clear tables.
2. Sat down, waiters manner was rude/ strange. 
3.Took our drinks order, spilled my wife's coffee.
4. Took our food order, incorrect food came out (instead of chicken quesadilla shrimp quesadilla).
5. Cup of gumbo had a huge piece of grisly (verging on inedible) chicken.
6. My jambalaya - rice was overlooked and meal was cold/luke warm. Once again, chicken was poor, dry and cold. Sausage was unusually fatty (fat was solid as sausage was semi cold)
7. Waiter did not ask us about our meal. Given little was eaten I'm sure he aware of our unhappiness.
8. It ended up being around $42. Only had a $50 which I left just to avoid spending any more time there.
I know this is scathing but it's one of the worst restaurant experiences I've had. If I could give less than one star I would. Dr Pepper was the best thing about this experienceService was abyssmal - many tables around us left after no one seemed interested in waiting on customers.  Food was passable at best.  Portion size was TINY!   I would have given them only one star, but the multiple big screen televisions earned them an extra star.  Don't come here expecting too much and you MAY not be disappointed.Came over to watch the Thursday night game. Nice menu easy service and very attentive staff.
Food selections were good and prices reasonable.Absolutely yummy! Had the fried alligator, which was perfectly done and not chewy or over-cooked. Also had the crab au gratin, which was delicious. Then proceeded to try everyone else food at the table (redfish, po-boys, etc). Everything was absolutely fantastic!Had a po boy sandwich and a cup of gumbo here. The sandwich was a little dry. The line was a bit long even for the middle of the day. There's seating in the back but tables and chair were dirty and staff obviously didn't come around to clean every so often. Would go elsewhere next time.Our server James was amazingggg! The food was great, I had the oyster po'boy and it was so good! The food came out so fast and everything was so yummy! Highly recommend for the food and the staff! Ask for James he was so entertaining and had us laughing through our dinner! When we walked pass the restaurant the next day he came out and said hi and gave us some tips on where to visit next. They don't get any better then him!!We had no idea where to dine and ran into this gem!  Their selection is wide and price range is decent. $10- about $30.  Place is very nicely decorated, very clean and food is tasty.  The Cajun burger is so savory... Alligator Po Boy was good, but a bit salty for what we are used to.  The chicken dinner plate was very good as was the chicken sausage soup and the chicken burger.  The BEST part of our experience was our server TIA.  She was so gracious, patient and made sure we ALL were happy with our order.  Make sure to ask to be seated with her (although everyone seems to be nice here). TIA definitely takes care of her table!Stopped here for lunch. Food was okay. Nothing special. Service was poor. Forgot Tracy's drink order, after a long wait he had to ask for it, the look on her face told us she had completely forgotten it. Then after a way to long wait she brought out our food, and Tracy's po boy was wrong, he had ordered BBQ shrimp and got BBQ pork. Had to wait a while to get her attention, and then wait another 25-30 min just to have fried shrimp brought out.... So still not right but he just ate it anyway. Server blamed kitchen for giving her the wrong food, never apologized, was unfriendly. All in all not a place we will repeat.Crawfish Étouffée was delicious & so was the blackened alligator... It's not directly on Bourbon St so not too many folks venture in... I also had the fried pickles, very interesting taste...It's kool, he was runing the bar too, and I had the chicken bacon sandwich, and my wife had the catfish poboy. Exelent food.Ask to sit in Ms. Gilda's section cause she is the bomb.com and made me feel very welcome. I had the black and blue hamburger which was to die for. Great Bloody Mary too.Don't know if the food is good. It took more than 30 minutes for our food to come out. We had to leave because of a Swamp Tour bus that was suppose to pick us up there. We were greatly disappointed with the slow service. The restaurant was dead too. There was only like 3 tables with people!!We ate here twice. The food is good, but the service is horrible. (We had to wait at least 15 minutes for someone to come talk to us and take drink orders after we were seated.) If you aren't in a hurry or want a place to watch sports, this might be for you. Otherwise I might skip it for some of the other places around the French Quarter.Mediocre dinner food. 
Apparently we walked in the wrong door and no one knew what to do with us. The server who informed us that the hostess stand was at the 'front' door was extremely rude. We had no idea we were not at the front door. The restaurant is on a corner and the door we entered was unlocked and ready for entry. Once we found our way to someone (the third person we encountered at Huck Finn's) who could seat us we were led to a corner table where there was a standing puddle (maybe a pond) of water on the back side of the table. Half of the party of six was seated on the lake side of the table. I did not expect waterfront dining!  One of my dinner companions hung his sport coat on the back of his chair and midway through dinner he realized it was soaked. He began to wring the water out of the coat and quietly complain to us, his dinner companions. The other server on the floor offered him 'a dryer if only she had one' at the restaurant. "But I don't", was her reply. 
The drink order was extremely slow and the dinner order was moderately slow. 
Our server was very nice (the red head) however, the other server on the floor was just plain ole rude during every interaction we had with her. She was the one who rudely informed us of the hostess station location and her sarcastic wishes for a dryer for my friend's sport coat. 
. 
We have been there for two hours when we are finally offered our checks. Mind you this is not the kind of establishment that should take two hours for your dinner experience. It's a sports bar at most and a wanna be mediocre restaurant at least. The busser began to clear our table of EVERYTHING before we have received our checks. Including drinks, napkins....everything!  We haven't even paid the bill!  Better yet we haven't even received the bill. 
Meanwhile, the owner or manager, whatever his role, comes near us, not to our table (God forbid) and I can overhear our nice server telling him about the lake behind our table. He says, "Oh is it still leaking over there!?"
They should have never seated anyone there at that table. No one. They knew there was an issue. No guests should have been seated in that corner. Ever. 
There was never a discount or anything offered for the soaked sport coat. 
After this experience I can understand why we couldn't get into three packed restaurants prior to stumbling upon the mostly empty Huck Finn's restaurant!  
If you go there I really hope you have a better experience than I!we stopped in after walking from rampart down to Decatur and then several blocks more. we were SO thirsty and stopped into huck finn's. told the hostess we just wanted a drink and she told us to have a seat in the bar.  after 15 minute of waiting for someone to come take our drink order, we left.Beautiful place, lots of TV's for sports watching.  Nachos were good but the Shrimp and Grits weren't so great. Service was slow and not the best. Part of our group ended up leaving because they couldn't get a drink.THIS PLACE RULES! We were taking the Old New Orleans Distillery tour which picks up from here, so we went early to eat. It was some of the best food we had in NOLA. We had the boudin sausage nachos which were so delicious and could have been our entree. Highly recommend. I had the jambalaya wrap which was so amazing I might go buy one before I leave to take home. My husband ordered the mufaletta and it was great. HUUGE and quite flavorful. The food was spot on and deserves 5 stars by itself, but the service was AMAZING.
I really wish I could remember our server's name because she gave us some of the best service we had in NOLA. Really cute and cozy, and when we went back to catch the shuttle they gave us to-go drinks on the house! It's kind of in a weird spot on Decatur, but it's totally worth it.I have never been treated like a piece of rag from anyone, until i came into this location. The owner "Guy" is a racist pig. We came to eat because it was suppose to be good. We ordered and our friends came to join us for lunch. The owner (with the twisted mustache) came and kicked my friends out from the restaurant. He said we lied to him and we could not have a table with 5 chairs instead of 4. The customer service is horrible thanks to that "Guy". The employees actually apologized for his actions! He yelled at the top of his lungs and kicked all five of us out.    
----Luckly we ended up eating at the best service avaliable just down the street. Pierre Masperos.....AMAZING people there. Don't go to this piece of garbage place.A cute place in the quarter. It's air conditioned and mellow. If you're a sports fan they have the game on 15 televisions. 
Food came out quickly. But it was still good. I had the alligator sausage. It was ok. I wasn't thrilled by it. I didn't hate it. I came here for the BBQ shrimp and grits but as butter based grits go-- dairy allergies said nope. 
I want to come back and try something more localized. 
The Bloody Mary is indeed very spicy  whoo it has a kick!