Had the Redfish and it was excellent. The portion was huge and the fish was cook seasoned just right. Was a little disappointed in the Jalapeño Coleslaw as it didn't have much flavor. Overall excellent dining experience.For our final meal, we planned to head to Commander's.  Since they have a No Jeans policy, we had to come up with a Plan B.  Denton was quick to find some delish cajun food courtesy of yelp.  He saw that Ignatius Eatery was only a few blocks from our current locale.
Based on Magazine St., it is a delicious, casual cafe.  We sat outside, which is great for people watching.  We ordered some drinks (beer in a bag, mimosas) while waiting for our food.  We split and traded two entrees: red beans and rice and jumbalaya.  The red beans and rice was excellent.  It hit the spot and  I was glad that we ordered it.  I would have preferred a 66/33 split but Denton would have none of it.
After having jumbalaya two days earlier at the Gumbo shop, it was a slight disappoint to have the food here.  It was good but not great.   To finish off our meal, we had New Orleans Bread Pudding.  YUM!  I could have a full order for myself had I not already gained 5lb over the weekend!This place is just fantastic. I go there regularly and I am never disappointed. Make it a regular lunch stop!A large group visited Ignatius several times over a long weekend. We enjoyed the 3121 cocktail several times. 
Overall, a great and relaxed environment with lovely staff. Wonderful place on Magazine. 
We will return!Stopped in because the rain was coming down in buckets. Got a beer and some appetizers. The fried green tomatoes had a great sauce and were very crunchy. The Mac and cheese was amazing! Friendly service too.Good local New Orleans menu.  Reasonable prices.  Excellent service.  The restaurant size and price point make this an excellent location for a large to medium size group.1 star cause yelp says they close at 10:30. But in reality they lock doors at 9:45. Yelp fake news wtfWe visited Ignatius during our most recent trip to New Orleans, and we were not disappointed! From the sausage appetizer to the fried green tomatoes, to the amazing jambalaya and to-die-for Mac & Cheese, my husband and I were quite pleased with the food choices. 
What set this place apart from the many amazing restaurants in the NOLA area, however, were the Pimm's Cups. By far THE BEST we've ever had. 
We will definitely return to this quaint little spot during our next trip out!I do not recommend this place. The service was slow and the food was not that great. I had the hamburger and was not pleased. My girlfriend had their salad with beef. She was never asked how she wanted the meat cooked and was not told it came almost raw. I tasted the meat and was not satisfied because it had a bitter taste. I asked the waitress if the meat was supposed to raw and she was like it should be like that as if we knew.. I asked what was it seasoned with and she could not tell me. I told her it had a bitter taste it was like it fail on death ears.Complete joke of a restaurant. Everything comes in frozen from Sysco and is heated up with the exception of the fries. The sides are tasteless and horrible because they sit in steam tables all day. Catfish frozen from Vietnam, pasteurized crabmeat if fresh isn't available and jambalaya from a box. What  else can u say. A real tourist  trap!Good grub, good service, wish the menu was a little bigger.Amazing. Husband and I popped in for a quick bite. DELICIOUS food! The alligator sausage was to die for and the bayou sampler was perfect for us to share. Quiet, nice ambience, and awesome food. Where could you go wrong?Crawfish etouffee, jambalaya. It was good, not over salted, but overpriced and small. We left not feeling satisfied. Would not recommend coming here.
The service is fine, the waitress was attentive.My dad, visiting from out of town and devotee of classic New Orleans dishes, and I went here for dinner tonight, and I must admit I had been wanting to give this place a try. However, this experience can all be summed up with "meh."
Had the Pimm's cup since we had just missed Happy Hour, and I won't be ordering it again. If you want a good Pimm's, try the Columns or even Cowbell on Oak. The appetizer/small plate of pork and jalapeño boudin was fine after you wrangled the casing apart. The corn maque choux was just horrible, but it came with the seafood stuffed bell pepper, which was great. Dad had seafood gumbo and red beans, and he reports it as "ok, nothing exceptional." He quipped that he'd probably brave the tourists at Mother's to get a better meal (that's a lot for him).
Overall, this place isn't bad, but it also isn't great.Food was great.  Service was not.  Had a reservation and arrived four minutes prior to our time and were told we were too early for our table to be ready. So we waited. Our waiter was working two large tables (we were 7 and he had a table of 12) plus others and couldn't manage it. Had to ask multiple times for simple things like a limes and sauce. Never came to refill water. Screwed up someone's order and it (thankfully) was freshly made so arrived after everyone had finished.  Soup that was ordered as an entree was out but wasn't discovered until he went to deliver so that persons order was also messed up. Never an apology. Didn't check on us until everyone was finished.  When asked about a possible comped meal for the wrong entree, the manager said there's 'a policy' against it. Customer service was just poor. Would not go back.A good place to expose out-of-towners to a wide array of traditional New Orleans cooking...  nothing extra special, really.
You've got your jambalaya, red beans & rice, crawfish etouffee, shrimp remoulade, a few fried seafood things, some poboys, and so forth.  The roast beef po-boy isn't sliced, but something like pulled roast beef.  Strange, but kind of dry.  I doused it in hot sauce and was pleased.
I really like the look and feel of the restaurant.  Its tiny with a high ceiling and lit dimly by prayer candles.  The theme they're going for is local products, so they've got zapps, blue plate mayo, hot sauce, barqs, abita, and other things lining the walls on high shelves.
Beer comes in brown paper bags, served "camp street style."  An interesting and whimsical touch.
I've had luck parking at the Sherwin Williams across the street after hours.  Haven't been towed yet.Great place, great food. Went here on Lundi Gras and it was a bit busy but there was still seating available. I wasn't sure about getting creole food on Magazine Street, so I decided to check the place out.
The menu has lots of authentic creole dishes available and has a full bar. After seated, we get a little brown paper bag with 4 cut pieces of French bread and butter. I got the bowl of crawfish étouffée and a friend got the red beans and rice. Both were excellent. 
The wait staff were polite and I think the owner or GM was even helping out with the daily tasks. Clean, friendly, quick place to eat. I'm ready to try some other dishes at this place.Stopped in for a bloody on Sunday. OK at best the bartender Lindsey was the worst. Dirty BO smelled like he just crawled off of Bourbon Street, bad attitude we were there maybe 10 minutes in this time he had made 2 Bailey and Jameson coffees as if no one was looking just despicable. We decided to have brunch thank god for our served Mark. Total professional thought he was the owner the way he took care of what seemed everyone. Knew the menu service was flawless we had coffee did not want anything from the bartender. When we did mention our bar experience the poor guy looked so embarrassed for the restaurant. Food was great though but the drunk behind the bar maybe I don't know maybe another shot.Best Brunch in New Orleans!
In all my visits to NO, this is my favorite place for a tasty breakfast by far.  It's cosy, laid back atmosphere is inviting.  They do an egg white omelette on request, and the seafood gumbo was full of meat...deeelish!
I can't wait to visit again!
and with a name Ignatious, what's not to love?OMG. So I'm going to go ahead and say that the gumbo was ahhhhh-mazing! Love the texture, taste, and smell of the gumbo. My boyfriend and I decided to drop in for lunch before heading back to Texas and so glad we did.
We both ordered gumbo, I had the seafood gumbo and he has the chicken and sausage gumbo and both were awesome. And if you are a sweet tea drinker, it's great also!
We also ordered a side of shrimp and grits and that was awesome too. No complaints over here!one of the best in New Orleans!  Also, it has relocated to a much larger, nicer space at 3121 Magazine.  I recommend the boudin meatloaf or the roast beef po boy, but you really can't go wrong with anything on the menuThis place is awesome and super affordable. Great service and nice atmosphere. We had the Mac and cheese to start which was amazing. Baked and topped with bacon. Then we got the sampler plate with red beans, gumbo, crawfish etoufee. Drinks were on point md not expensive my. Highly recommendAwesome meal, totally stumbled on this gem. Corn soup was great so was the alligator sausage po-boy. I highly recommend a meal here.The owners have converted their once extremely bland restaurant into an extremely bland coffee house, and the crowd is going mild. It's apparantly now a coffee shop, despite not having any couches, a magazine rack, a place to work, WiFi, or anything else a coffee shop has. It is essentially the same crappy restaurant it used to be, but now with an espresso machine. I could not possibly care less.  There are dozens of better options within walking distance, which probably explains why Ignatius is always dead.Definitely not what I expected out of a restaurant that was voted "best new restaurant."  This place was mediocre at best.  The boudin appetizer was pretty good but our entrees were flavorless.   Nice atmosphere..slow service.We stopped in here on our way home from vacation and was pleasantly surprised. I had the boudin meatloaf and it was out of this world! Nice and spicy with corn and mashed potatoes. The crawfish étouffée and the po boys were excellent.the fries are homemade and thin. Service was a little slow but the food made up for it. It is a very casual environment but the food is great!!I can't go to NOLA without stopping on for a delicious alligator sausage poboy.Ignatius is one of my favorite places to eat in New Orleans, and it's because of their unique crawfish etoufee.  Everyone does this dish a little differently in New Orleans, and their use of the creole mustard sets it apart.  But like every good New Orleanian knows, the only time to eat crawfish is during crawfish season -- any other time during the year is a waste.  
I have become somewhat of a regular here, and have had everything from the Jambalaya Red (Jamb. + Red Beans and Rice), to the crawfish pasta.  It's a great place to go if you are visiting from out-of-town and want a break from the Quarter.  
It's true, you cannot buy alcohol here, but right at the end of the block is Miss Mae's a New Orleans/Uptown tradition, so it should be no sweat to get your inebriation on. 
Otherwise, highly, highly recommended.I didn't have any food so I can't comment on that but I did have an iced long black as part of a quick pit stop while strolling down magazine st. The coffee was very good and the cafe is pretty cute. Wasn't sure what to expect but was pleasantly surprised by the flavor profile of the coffee. Would come again for an afternoon pick-me-upThis was a great lunch spot and there are a few tables outside which is nice. My husband had the roast beef poboy and it was DELICIOUS! He forgot to order it with the provolone cheese so make sure you request it! I started with the corn & crab bisque - nothing to write home about. It wasn't bad but just wasn't as good as I was expecting it to be. I had the Crawfish Étouffée & it was delicious! This was my first time eating crawfish so I don't have a lot to compare to but it tasted great.Good bloody Marys, we enjoyed the outside seating at the tables by the sidewalk.  We thought the omelets were mediocre.  The crab one was more flavorful than the shrimp one.  I appreciated their wheelchair accessible bathroom.More of a 3.5 star place if I could give it.  Food is decent and pretty representative of New Orleans cuisine.  Located in a great location on Magazine st. The laid-back ambiance and decent food (that's pretty reasonably priced) make this spot worth checking out.I have been here twice and the food is good, but my last experience was unpleasant.  We had a reservation weeks in advance for 8 people at 8 pm. We called the day of our reservation to ask if we could add two people and move up the reservation to 7:30 and were told it was no problem. When we arrived there was no table big enough for us.  When I complained the manager told us we should sit at two separate tables. I told him this was unacceptable and he responded that were late (we arrived about 7:40) so that was why there was no table for us. So I asked did they give up our table because we were 'late'? He said no but that he would 'take care of us.'  That meant cramming chairs around a small table. He never apologized and never came to check on us nor did he 'take care of us' with any discounts or anything. Eventually when a nearby table cleared they added  a table to ours. But the whole experience was ruined by the rude and unprofessional handling of our reservation. The first thing we ordered, deviled eggs were so cold that they were nearly frozen. The rest of the food was fine, but because if that manager, I will not return to Ignatius.This restaurant is single-handedly responsible for my love for red beans and rice. 
I went here one day when I was walking down magazine having one of my "I love new orleans" days. I sat outside and ordered the red beans and rice. The rice was perfectly cooked... very rarely thr case other places. It came with perfectly smoked sausage and the creamiest, tastiest red beans I have ever had. Another thing I LOVED was the bag full of crusty french bread and butter, perfect for dipping. Granted this is the only time I have been there and the only thing I've had was the red beans and rice, but as far as I am concerned ignatius is a fantastic restaurant.Awesome crawfish étouffée. Red beans and rice great too. Byob.Went there tonight with 7 friends and we were lucky enough to get a table in 5 minutes! 
We were served our food pretty quickly and everything was tasty. 
I ordered a cup of chicken and sausage gumbo (a little lack of salt for my tastebuds) and the shrimp and grits which were delicious! As a dessert I got the bread pudding: first time and not disappointed. 
The price wasn't that bad either. For 8 with desserts for 3 of us and a bottle of wine we paid $160.Lunch today. 2 shrimp poboys, chicken and sausage gumbo, seafood gumbo. The gumbo was warm. Not hot. The fries were greasy as can be!!!!!  They did bring out more, but not much better. I would have never served the first batch.  Not really pleased with lunch. Marginal at best.  I have been spoiled by eating at Besh for quite a while.Two words: shrimp Ignatius. In my dad's words: "I want to be buried in this sauce". It's seriously that good. The redfish is also great. Casual, cute atmosphere. Great happy hour prices, although we sadly missed it. It's in a great area of Magazine too with lots of bars for after-dinner drinks nearby.Great food, cocktails and service! I've been here several times and have tried most of the menu. Some of my favorites are the shrimp and grits app, the catfish platter and the étouffée.
The food is also reasonably priced. It's hard to find good mid-price cajun food in New Orleans.
Also as a side note I love the book Confederacy of Dunces, in which Ignatius is the main character.Good food horrible service.
For lunch had red beans and rice and it was very tasty and a good portion size.  It had a little kick without being overpowering.  Also a good presentation.
I have to just shake my head at the service.  It was a nice day so we sat outside, a server didn't come take our drink order for at least 10 minutes.  The table next to us experienced the same thing.  They eventually brought out our drinks and took out order.  Once the waiter brought out or meal we literally didn't see him again...no refills no "how is your meal", nothing.  We had to ask the waitress for another table for our check.  At that point we waited another 10 to 15 for someone to take our payment.  We were practically begging them to let us pay them.
I would not go back.Incredibly good restaurant.  New Orleans classic cajun and creole dishes.  not touristy at all.  
Homey, intimate, old school atmosphere.  I think that this is where the locals eat.  I'd come here again in a heartbeat.  Very reasonable prices too.  Not fancy at all.  No white table cloth, but some of the best food in town.  I really enjoyed this place.  great neighborhood too.Ate on the sidewalk, excellent people watching. Terrific early bird specials. Good Cajun food- étouffée, gumbo, fried catfish. The trout was very good. Reasonable prices, good neighborhood restaurant. Service was good, casual and relaxed.This restaurant exemplifies why people should really get off Bourbon street for at least a night. 
Service was great, very attentive and nice.
Food was awesome! $13 for amazing crawfish ettoufee. Bread pudding was also pretty darn great! Reasonably priced entrees. Everything looks great that came out of the kitchen. I would just say skip the po boys and go for a classic entree instead.
The atmosphere is adorable. Marble cafe tables with old tile floors and walls lined with mirrors. The street it's on is really fun too.
I repeat, get out of the French Quarter! It's great but Uptown has a fun hipster lighthearted feel to it that can't be beat.Great atmosphere and selection of small plates. The food was excellent and we were able to try several southern treats: mac&cheese, fried green tomatoes, red beans and rice and catfish salad; all excellent! I also had the Thirtyone21 cocktail which was uniquely New Orleans and quenching.a neighborhood eatery.  simple menu, everything as-advertised, tasty but not transcendent.  if i didn't live within walking distance, i don't know that i would care to go out my way to eat here, but i'm glad it's in the hood because it sure beats popeye's and mona's.Went here for brunch this past Sunday. Got the Jambalaya omlet, my friend got the boudin omelet. Both were piping hot, fresh, and insanely flavorful with generous portions. The coffee was delicious and from Rue de la Course. Our waitress was nice. I get that some people have bad experiences here, but I always take out of towners here and I've never had a bad time or bad food at Ignatius!Shrimp remoulade po boy is the best po boy I've ever had! Ever! Oh jeez I wish I could have one right now. 
Of course it is served on Leidheimer's bread,  the most perfect french bread on the planet including the bread actually in France. Crusty, light, airy and chewy. utter yeasty perfection. Then it is topped with a very generous helping of gulf shrimp. Mmmm . so tender and fresh. The type that kind of pop when you bite into them. Then they are slathered in a perfect remulaude sauce. Creamy, savory, a tad spicy, fresh, amazing.  Fully dressed and cut in half for you to tear into. OMG. I do love and adore my regular fried shrimp, roast beef or oyster po boy, I mean who doesn't, but if I have the time this is where I come for a po boy. 
I literally have not tried any of their other main dishes. Their crab and corn bisque was quite tasty when I had it but I come for the shrimp poboys.The best martini ever and not because it was just $2!!! 
Catfish Po boy was so fresh. I never understood how fried food simultaneously could  be fresh, this was.Stopped by for lunch and got seafood gumbo and jambalaya red- which was a mix of jambalaya and red beans and rice.  The food was good, pretty spicy and flavorful, but not amazing.  The french bread they give with the food was good.  The restaurant has a good environment- looks like a cut French cafe.  Definitely enjoyed lunch there, but it was not the best place in NOLA.We stopped here for Saturday brunch while on vacation in New Orleans. It's a cute cafe with a classy atmosphere, but the service was laid back and friendly. The have bottomless mimosas and cranberry mimosas which was a major plus! I ordered the jambalaya omelette and my boyfriend got the red beans and rice with sausage. The omelette was good. The jambalaya stuffed inside it was really good and I suddenly wished I had ordered just the jambalaya. It came with a fruit bowl and a side if grits. The grits were great and I don't much care for grits! The red beans and rice was superb! Best we had all trip. The price was very reasonable. Definitely would recommend for brunch.Roast beef po'boy was pretty good! Nothing to write home about, but a cute little restaurant in an adorable part of town.We went around noon on a Saturday. Due to the red dress run, we were one of the first couples to be sat in the restaurant. We had excellent, attentive service from our waitress, even after the place started filling up. I chose the crab and corn soup, which was good. There were lots of veggies and crab. Something was a little different about it, but I couldn't quite put my finger on it. My husband got the eggs Ignatious, which he also enjoyed. The bread pudding was really good, nice portion size, and my husband loved his slice of pecan pie a la mode. We enjoyed it overall.Gator and cheese omelette and endless cranberry mimosas. I'm in heaven. They fresh squeeze all their own juices and the grits are to die for.Terrible gumbo.  Especially when you can get pretty good and rather authentic gumbo right down at La Petite Grocery.  I also had the shrimp remoulade poboy.  Just plain bad--an old, frozen seafood flavor.  New Orleans is a city known for wonderful poboys, and this was really an insult.  
Atmosphere was kind of nice.
Service was inattentive, ambivalent, and completely unhelpful.
Beers are served in a paper bag, which is a lame gimmick.  
Bottom line: there are so many great restaurants in this town--multiple ones that are literally a stone's throw away.  So don't waste the time, calories, or money on this kind of subpar place (which, admittedly, would be worth it if were in Baton Rouge--maybe).3/5 it was aiite.
so the huge bag of bread they give you to start is entertaining. i ordered the etouffe omelette per recommendation of a coworker - it wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. the omelette just came across very plain (it was a plain cheese omelette), then the etouffe maybe a bit more soupy or i dunno. it just didn't feel substantial, so i think the impression was more like wet eggs. they serve it with a side of garlic mashed potatoes, which were good, and then this really really tragic "fruit salad" (4 spotted grapes, dry orange wedges, and a strawberry sliced into a fan).
so overall maybe i should try something else, but it would require some other event (someone choosing the lunch spot, etc.) for it to happen.The food is decent here but nothing outstanding.  They seem to always have a pretty respectable rotation of daily specials. Portions are very small for the price and the biggest irritant to me is that they only sell bottled iced tea and don't make their own.  I really don't trust any restaurant that won't take the time to brew their own iced tea!   Every meal I've had here has left me lacking in the fullness department so I've always had to get something else to eat relatively soon after eating here.  The small portions coupled with the lack of iced tea multiplied by the prices have resulted in me probably never returning here.Great place, great food. Went here on Lundi Gras and it was a bit busy but there was still seating available. I wasn't sure about getting creole food on Magagize Street, so I decided to check the place out.
The menu has lots of authentic creole dishes available and has a full bar. After seated, we get a little brown paper bag with 4 cut pieces of French bread and butter. I got the bowl of crawfish étouffée and a friend got the red beans and rice. Both were excellent. 
The wait staff were polite and I think the owner or GM was even helping out with the daily tasks. Clean, friendly, quick place to eat. I'm ready to try some other dishes at this place.I was really excited to eat here because my friend toted it as "true" Cajun style food. I was also very hungover so this review may be slightly off. 
The place is adorable and really an awesome atmosphere. It was pretty empty as it was about 4:30 on a Saturday. I ordered the Cajun shrimp. I think it may be that I don't know what Cajun food actually is; but to me this tasted like tomato soup with shrimp with the vein still in floating around in it. Not going to lie, not a fan. The waiter was very attentive at first and then after he brought us our food he completely forgot about us. As in I had to ask another waitress for our check and it still took about 15 minutes to get out of there. I have no idea what he was doing because he was just standing around in the back.I came here once before for dinner and was not impressed.  However, I returned last Sunday for brunch, and it was great.  There was no wait, and the mimosas were huge.  Coffee is from Rue de la Course, and it was hot and fresh.  I had the etouffee omelet, and my other half had the steak and eggs. The omelet was really good and I would definitely comeback and get the etouffee entree.  The steak and eggs got high marks because the steak was cooked medium rare and was tender.  Breakfasts come with roasted red potatoes that were oily but tasty.  Service was efficient and the dining area was full but comfy.  I would definitely come back.Amazing coffee place that opened recently. The owners are super friendly and super knowledgeable when it comes to making coffee. I had a café latte and an unsweetened ice tea. The decor of the place is very tasteful and it feels great to sit in and enjoy your delicious coffee. I can only highly recommend to check out this Magazine St gem.Not bad, we heard about their gator tail po-boy, which was good (not great), I just wish there was more substance to it, as they were a bit light on the gator tail sausage, the slaw and bread (not dry at all) were quite good...
The Crab bisque was great (4stars), same for the Bacon & Sour cream potato salad and for the ambiance (very laid back and a bit on the quiet side, which was a nice change of pace) and staff was very prompt and cordial.
The Barq's in the glass bottle (as for all their soda's), was a nice nostalgic touch.I ordered the crawfish etouffee. It taste good, however, the portion definitely does not justify the price. There's only 6 spoonful of rice in a shallow plate with barely any etouffee. My friend ordered a jambalaya omelete, but was also disappointed with the portion. Overall, I personally think the food tasted decent, but the place is way too pricey.Killer food, amazing. Had the seafood stuffed pepper and fried green tomatoes. The flavors were perfect, absolutely would suggest this place and extremely affordable.The food is great. The service is friendly and professional. I had the Crawfish étouffée.  This was my first Crawfish dish ever and it was simply amazing! Thanks for popping my cherry lol! We sat outside and enjoyed people watching New Orleans style. What a great culinary start to our trip. We'll definitely come back when we come back to NOLA!The atmosphere and service was great. It felt like a very local New Orleans diner--bright and yellow. 
I got the jambalaya Omelett during their brunch hours and it was pretty delicious, especially the shrimp creole sauce on top. My sister got the crawfish étouffée and didn't like it. I had some and it was a little bland with very little crawfish meat, considering it was close to $15.Yes, this was an excellent lunch!  At my table, we had the pesto pasta, fried green tomato salad, macaroni and cheese, and well more that I can't all recall.  Everyone loved their meal.
Excellent food.  The pesto pasta was prepared perfectly.  The service was also excellent.  I wished I lived nearby, I would come here often.Bad services, I can't comment on the taste of the coffee it was so outrageous overpriced. Will never come back.looking for fine creole cuisine without any pretension?  go igy's.  casual atmosphere (no bar) limited menu (po boys, alligator bites), nice prices, all they serve (was there with 12) is quality. & fine, friendly, prompt service.  beer (bottles served in little brown bags...little 2 much 4 me) and wine.I so wanted to be thrilled. My friend said this place was decent he came here for dinner. I went today for brunch and had the corn macque choux on the side and the gator omelette. The food tasted ok but it was very underwhelming. The grits were good, but the omelette is something anyone can make at home and probably do it better. I could have had a better brunch getting food from the hot bar at rouses. Either way, not terrible, but not good, it was just average.Some earlier reviews get down pretty hard on this little gem, and perhaps they were justified at the time. Ignatius seems to have gotten its act together since disappointing some patrons. Clean, cute restaurant where the walls are dotted with quotes from and pictures of its namesake. Our service was well beyond expectations, particularly for what seemed initially to be a hole in the wall. 
I found the food to be delightful--the seafood gumbo was a particularly tasty surprise. Very dark roux, lots of fresh shrimp and crawfish, exactly what a New Orleans restaurant should be serving and almost as good as what we make at home. Corn and crab bisque and Caesar salad were standard, certainly not life-changing but miles above others I've had. The strawberry salad with grilled chicken was excellent; feta, fresh Louisiana strawberries, pecans, and housemade lemon vinaigrette. C'est ce bon!I want to give this place a higher rating because I loved the old location...but, I can't. It looks great. The potato salad with sour cream and bacon was very good. Love that it has a full bar, but it is shoved in the back corner and only seat 6 or 7 people. 
There were two main problems. 
The inside was insanely loud and it wasn't even busy. There isn't a soft surface in the building. 
The other issue was the roast beef  poboy. The last time I ate at the old location, my sandwich was over flowing. Today, I couldn't see the meat until I opened the sandwich. And, the tomato was about a day and a half past it's prime.
The server was the bright spot in the meal, He was so nice and had a great personality.
I think they will get it together, but they have to pay attention to the things that made them great before.The food was exceptionally good. My chicken sausage gumbo was quite savory to the taste, but I wish I would've ordered something else. The fried green tomatoes on the other hand are a must. I was between the gumbo and crawfish étouffée, and I think I made the lesser of the two decisions. I still quite enjoyed it and would recommend if looking for some good Cajun cuisine.The Good:
  :: location. it's on magazine street, a major thoroughfare in new orleans
  :: the waitress. she was the sweetest, cutest girl and very attentive to our needs without being annoying
  :: the interior. it was extremely cute, cozy, and quaint without being pretentious
  :: the crawfish etouffee. absolutely amazing. i wanted to keep eating it even though i was seriously stuffed
  :: bread is served in cute paper sacks! awwwww
  :: big windows to provide you with great people watching
The Bad:
  :: the bathroom is TINY. if you are a large-sized and/or tall person, you may seriously have problems using the bathroom here. the way the toilet is seated is that it is only accomodating for small people. 
The Ugly:
  :: none.
Would I go back? Without a doubt.
This place is IN.I just had a delicious mocha here! Whet a quaint, beautiful, old New Orleans coffee shop. And in the heart of the Garden District, no less.  
The service was excellent and the coffee was over the top yummy. 
I'll be back.We had our very first Po' Boys here. They were amazing...Roast Beef, Fried Oyster, and Shrimp Remoulade. Delicious!
The restaurant is bright and airy, the service acceptable.
$2 Martinis...I'm there!Locals told us to come here. They serve real Cajun cuisine. The place looks old and simple but the food is good. The waiter was very nice. We tried the seafood gumbo. It was very good. A bit spicy and salty though.Iggy's is a good place to go if you are itchin' fer some traditional creole foodstuffs.  It's very laid back and not very expensive ($10-15/person for dinner).  I tried the red beans and rice and the jambalaya, both were seasoned well.  I guess my one gripe is that the menu selection is so small.  I can't speak much for the atmosphere because we ate outside.  The sauce on the bread pudding was awesome AND sweet.  The food and service can be hit or miss.Love their roast beef poboy!  One of the best I've had and the fries are to die!  Red beans and rice is amazing.  And you've GOT to get the Pimms Cup!  Glad to live across the street from ignatius :)Ick. So I went back to nola, taking some friends from NY with me to visit.  After 2 of them had left, the third, who was dead set on getting a nola po boy, i decided to bring here.
I am NOT a sandwich person, so after perusing the menu full of items of which i despised over half the ingredients, i decided to get one of the two fish options.  We asked if i could get it with veggies instead of potatoes etc, as I didn't want the fish option that came with veggies since it had crawfish tails, and etouffe, along with other items i didnt want (and was much more expensive).
The waitress stated that I could, and then after my dish arrives tasting and looking like nasty fish soup, I'm charged for the more expensive fish...odd, i'd think the more expensive fish is due to the CRAWFISH that comes on it.  We'd also stated that we wanted the CHEAPER fish (by name) and with veggies instead of with potatoes etc (ie did not want the fish magnolia, which was the more expensive of the two).
The corn which somehow came with the fish (not described either) was literally uneatable.  Neither my boyfriend nor my friend would touch it, so it remained full, yet I paid extra for this nasty fish dish than I'd expected (after we pointed it out to the waitress, she argued with us for a few minutes, then took off a negligible amount from the bill).
I left very angry-both due to the service as well as the horrendous dish.
I got a po boy to go the next night, as while I hate sandwiches, I figured since I used to live in nola, I really should see what all the fuss is about.
The po boy wasnt fried as i guess most are, and came in a remoulade dressing, but my biggest issue with the dish was that it was exorbitantly priced compared to all other po boy shops i've seen--about $12 for the po boy, likely due to the remoulade.
I made my boyfriend go in the second time as I didn't even want them to think I would be a repeat customer.
Needless to say, take your money elsewhere. Oh, and they don't serve liquor either.I had the red beans and rice and the gumbo, and both were just mediocre. The gumbo lacked flavor and the red beans were dry, although they were accompanied by a delicious sausage. I was disappointed. I'm not in New Orleans very often and I love New Orleans cookin'. To make matters worse, our server was a smarmy, unctuous tart from Ohio: he was all "Sir this" and "Sir that" when we paid, but was otherwise lacking. If I hadn't had my ladyfriend with me I would've said something, but she hates scenes in public--the relationship probably won't last. She doesn't have a yelp account, as far as I know. 
On the other hand, the drinks were well-mixed and strong, and the coffee was stiff enough to keep us awake for the rest of the day (it was a Saturday). 
Beautiful on the inside--I'd return for a drink at the bar after a meal somewhere else.Very delicious.  Went for brunch and had the special called the Egg Napolean. The decor and service was welcomingQuite a few years ago, this spot was a coffee house called Rue De La Course. It's where I spent my undergraduate days studying. It brought back so many memories...
The restaurant kept Rue De La Course's old coffee mugs, which I thought was a really nice touch. Years ago, this place was filled with college kids intensely studying for their next big test, but now I see a different crowd...middle-aged folks, retirees, and young couples.
It's homey, but the food is refined. I really loved the omelette dish. It had tons of crabmeat and if you know me, I love me some crabmeat! The grits were so cheesy and delicious. The Shrimp and Remoulade Salad is also a great choice and it went so well with the gumbo. I was disappointed with my Corn & Crab bisque, since it wasn't thickened like I expect chowder to be. It probably needed to be reduced down a bit more...
Overall, everything was the perfect mix of South Louisiana meets brunch. I would definitely go back to try Dinner!My friends and I wanted to try a new restaurant and we love dining on Magazine St. because of the atmosphere so we decided upon Ignatius Eatery. 
I read most of the reviews here on Yelp and it seems that the most popular dishes are the  crawfish corn and potato soup, crawfish ignatius, red beans jambalaya  and bread pudding. We ordered all of that plus alligator sausage and seafood stuffed bell pepper. 
I didn't have any expectations for the alligator sausage, but it turned out very good! Nice flavor and texture to it. My friend is obsessed with sausages (lol) so she cleared the plate herself. It came with this sauce, which was interesting, it tasted like honey mustard and "seasoned cabbage" if that's what you want to call it. 
The soup was good as well. It was flavorful and there was a lot of potatoes, and very little corn and crawfish according to my taste, but still good. I prefer more crawfish in my soup. 
My friends and I love the red beans and jambalaya. I don't normally care for it, but surprisingly, it was good! 
The crawfish ignatius is a must-eat! It's perfectly-portioned pasta with crawfish, mushrooms and other stuff too (I forgot). I personally like it because it's not drenched in sauce like other places. Plus the fettucine pasta was really good (unlike other places). I would definitely get this dish again. 
Last, but not least, dessert. Majority of Yelp-ers bragged about the bread pudding here and I wanted to see what the fuss was about for myself. I didn't have any expectations and it was a very sweet and savory dish. I like it. 
The interior of the restaurant is very "quaint" and I love that they place their cooking ingredients outside as "decor" if you will. 
Overall, I really enjoyed it, but I didn't loveee it so I give a 4.5!
Oh, and the servers were attentive and the food came out very fast!The best Red Beans & Rice w/ Sausage in New Orleans!!  Also try the Boudin appetizer...very good!Talk about quaint.  
We arrived around 11:30 for brunch and only had a 45 minute wait (this was frustrating at first, mostly because we had a flight to catch).  3 of us got the gumbo (DELICIOUS) and a side of jambalaya.  Very tasty, though I think my dad's jambalaya is better.
Their omelets looked amazing, and our two friends raved about them.  
Again, SLOW service and I know it was packed for brunch, but seriously, to ask twice to have our water refilled when all of our glasses were empty just proves that they aren't attentive.  
Great little place to settle in for a bit and will definitely go back...worth the wait for sure.Really good *local* food. Had the crawfish, corn, and potato soup- good stuff. Had the red beans- warning- the sausage is very spicy. I wasnt expecting it and my mouth was on fire. My friend had the boudin meatloaf and loved it. A little on the pricey side. Great service. What's up with no iced tea (they only have bottled iced tea)? Who doesnt have iced tea in New Orleans during lunch? All in all though good experience...I'd bring friends from out of town there for good local food.Starting with the good things:
- nice atmosphere 
- nice waiters
- the food was tasty
The bad things:
- we waited 45 minutes for a couple of Gumbos
- Service is not organized (food is waiting for minutes to be served)
- the Gumbos were barely warm
- waited another 5 minutes to get it warm only. 
- we found much better places in New OrleansThis place fills a niche for us:  the food is almost high end (and I mean that as a compliment) but the prices are not.  Possibly the best things is that we can usually get in without waiting and the experience never feels like a hassle the way it does as some other restaurants on Magazine.  The shrimp remoulade po boy is a favorite and the sampler plate has pleased many of our out-of-town guests.  The atmosphere is charming and the service great.  I appreciate that the menus has grown and diversified over the years while maintaining a distinctive identity.Ignatius is the best. We came here starving and ordered half the menu. Everything was fantastic, and our bill for five people was still under $100. 
All of the small plates are delicious, and my favorites were the fried green tomatoes, which are huge and served with a nice dipping sauce, and the alligator sausage, which was wonderfully spicy. The po boys are incredible, as are the catfish sliders available during the (four-hour) happy hour. The creole jambalaya and the Crawfish Ignacius were wonderful entrees that I am still thinking about a week later. For desert, the bread pudding was lovely, and I could drink gallons of the bourbon sauce that covers it. 
The service was wonderful, the bartender was friendly, and our food came out super fast. If I lived in New Orleans I would eat at Ignacius at least once a week, because I love this place.I have eaten twice for lunch at Ingatius.  The service has been pleasant and accommodating, the food excellent, and and location is great. When you finish, save dessert for Sucre a block away.  It's a great way to experience the "other" part of New Orleans.  It's not all about the quarter!Casual Neighborhood Cafe.  Uptown treasure.  Great mood, cool casual feel.  Best roast beef po boy in town.  Good bacon and sour cream potato salad.  Great service.Red beans and rice were spicy creamy and delicious! We perched outside at a rickity table on the curb and watched the world go by. Bread pudding and bisque were not shabby either, although the ambiance was a little run down.Small restaurant with a great NOLA food selection. What is also very cool is that it is BYOB.  The trout was excellent and the po-boy was delicious. Very friendly servers and great outdoor people watching when the weather is good.We had the shrimp po boy and the crawfish étouffée and the dishes were great. The french fries were awesome. The service on the other hand was very lacking. Pricing is average for the area.Walked in on a Saturday at noon.  Place was empty...and smelled like BLEACH!  Um...when I walk into a coffee shop, I expect that it will smell like coffee.
As I stood there looking at the menu, I asked if the had white chocolate mocha.  The lady at the counter seemed new and had to ask the other employee.  The simple answer was NO!
Ok...fair enough.  I left and pretended my experience was non-existent!  Lol.Great service. AMAZING red beans and rice. Alligator sausage did not disappoint. The fried green tomatoes were a little tart. The corn and crab bisque was disappointing . Had to pick out the crab shells as we ate it. 
The pork po boy was insanely good. By far the best dish. But that red beans and rice was perfect. Will be back to eat that for sure!3121 Magazine street now.....
all food made in house; expectacular New Orleans Creole authentic cuisine.Great food! I have had the veal piccata and the seafood stuffed bellpepper, both were delicious. My husband has had the crawfish ettouffee and jambalaya. Good portion sizes- leaves you satisfied but not unbuttoning your pants. Service was okay, could have been a little faster. We will continue to eat here for sure .A cool little place with a nice vibe, and I continuously want to like it. But 40 dollars for two small sandwiches and a couple of bottle rootbeer is just not cutting it! Even if it IS on Magazine St. I must be in the minority as everyone seems to love it, but I just find it to be "ok" and a bit pricey.Yeah three words: shrimp and grits. Okay and fried green tomatoes. And perhaps beans and rice. Order any three word item on the menu and you can't go wrong. The dishes above were all , in the words of one of our party: "sublime". Thoroughly enjoyed.Recently visited some friends in the garden district with my fiancée and we ate at Ignatius twice in three days if that says anything about how much we liked it. In an age of small plates and portions, Ignatius was very generous with theirs, from the soups to salads to entrees. Our favorite was the fried green tomato salad, hands down! The bloody marys were nothing to sneeze at either. The restaurant wasn't crowded either time we went (once for brunch and once for dinner) so that was a plus. A good friend on Magazine!The tables outside are flimsy, wobbly, and right underneath a dripping air conditioner.  Skipped on that and decided to go inside instead for a quick brunch.  I liked the vibe, but the menu needs to be updated.  I ordered an item that was only listed on the brunch menu, and it was stated that it came with fruit and potatoes.  Although our waitress made one brief appearance, the same could not be said for the side items.  
When I asked about it, she replied that my food didn't come with those items and that the menu was old.  Had she maybe told me that when I ordered it, I probably would've just gotten something else. 
Yeah so I guess the service is not so great here.I think that if I added water to the box the jumbalaya clearly came from and put it in a blender I would get something just as tasty as the totally bland goop that they call jumbalaya here. The Bloody Mary also tasted like it came from a can. The red beans and rice was good. But overall this is fail. Service tolerable but disinterested. 
I had to explain to my friends that they they still had not in fact tasted Jumbalaya.The food here for the most part is extremely delicious. I had the jambalaya which wasn't bad but not impressive compared to other jambalaya I've had. I've tried the boudin meatloaf and crawfish pasta as well and both were amazing, but the one item I would recommend as mandatory is the alligator sausage appetizer which is to die for. Overall the food is really amazing and not pricey at all. The place itself is very small and quaint, nothing fancy or upscale, very relaxed. It's a nice little neighborhood place.So good must have fried green tomatoes and bread pudding! I had the crawfish Ignatius pasta amazing and spicy. ..be prepared. I love sitting outside and people watching while I ate. Good start Nola!I loved happening upon this place in our neighborhood the first night we got there.  It was a delicious beginning to what was a 5 day binge of great New Orleans food.  We tried all the sides, just to get a taste, and liked them all.  We liked the gator sausage, the red beans and rice were surprisingly amazing...seriously...
The jambalaya was good and everything was spiced perfectly.
The shrimp remoulade was the only thing I wasn't absolutely crazy about, but everything else is very good, the atmosphere is very pleasant, and we bought a couple of beers at Theo's up the way and brought them in.  I wanted to go back and try the crawfish etouffee but we never made it and I'm really disappointed.  I guess I'll have to go back some day soon.Awesome iced lattes. Great atmosphere and outside seating area, perfect for people watching and hanging out. Staff was quick and service was great. We will definitely return.Fantastic! Had fried green tomatoes, shrimp poboy, and stuffed bell peppers and loved every bite.Do not miss this incredible local eatery.  Casual atmosphere with amazing gumbo and specials.  Sure, you can get Nawlins food anywhere in town, but the flavors at Ignatius are like your mom cooked it--simmered all day and full of spice.  Beer served "Camp Street style" in bags and staff who eat and love the food they serve, not tell you that *everything* is great.  Skip the fancy places in town for food with flair, and where the neighbors come by for dinner and interesting conversations.Get off Bourbon St and try some unbelievable  jambalaya, red beans & rice, and crawfish etouffee. Very cute place - not pretentious at all. We had a few Abitas, entrees, finished it off with bread pudding and was out of there for a better than reasonable price. The wait staff was a little short but their attitudes more than made up for it! Worth driving too.Very quaint diner with great comfort food.  We were there last week on Saturday and had the starter sampler plate with gator, boudine sausage, and catfish and all were tasty and well cooked.  Service is attentive and a great place to stop and get a refill while shopping on Magazine.Ignatius had all the potential to be a good restaurant, but like the other reviewers I found the food to be surprisingly bland (c'mon, this is NOLA!). If they could amp up the food a notch this would easily be a four star spot.I've eaten here about six or seven times in the past two months.  Ignatius must lose a star.  I would give them 2 1/2 stars but I will round up.
WAY overpriced.  It is hard to eat lunch for under $20/person after tip.  Their food does not warrant this price.  I had a $15 oyster poboy that was both small and not very good.
I've had the étouffée before and that was average at best as well and overpriced.
If you look around the neighborhood, most of the other restaurants are packed (minus Amici) and Ignatius is never very busy.  Perhaps their price point vs quality of food has something to do with this?!?
The service (spare a waiter or two) is usually friendly and it is a relaxing atmosphere with decent coffee, I just hope ownership makes a few changes to improve.My first cajun meal on my first trip to New Orleans was at Ignatius's and it was magnificent. I had the seafood gumbo and it was perfect, not too spicy, definitely fresh and delicious, just hot enough. I also had the boudin sausage meatloaf and it was unbelievable, very tasty and served with chunky mashed potatoes and a corn side that was amazing. Service was highly attentive and the food was served right before I started wondering where it was. Great job, guys, keep up the good work!We have accidentally stumbled upon the Ignatius. They had outside seating on a busy Magazine Street. The service was good - fast and informative. We have ordered po-boys: Grilled Gator and Nola's Famous Roast, both were really good. We have also got a nicely done Pimm's Cups. Very good lunch experience.One of many great places to dine on the buzzing Magazine Street of Uptown New Orleans. We are not newcomers to Nawlins or the creole and cajun cuisines, my family roots are here. But I digress... Ignatius was a spot we decided to try, well because my brother is named Ignatius, so it was only fitting to try Ignatius out!
I must say the food was very good the two times we visited. So much so that we wanted to pay our compliments to the chef personally, who by the way is a native New Orleanian (just made that word up). We started off with the Fried Green Tomatoes  for the table (3) and I had the Shrimp Remoulade Salad (awesome) and the others had the shrimp and grits and Poche's Pork and Jalapeño Boudin. Last for the desert well c'mon need you ask New Orleans Bread Pudding of course.
All in all our visit both for lunch and the following day for brunch were both delightful. We will "indeed" be back here again. I recommend this place highly.Best shrimp and grits ever!
A must if strolling down Magazine street.....
"true to your senses "Sazerac.Very delicious food. Friendly staff. Had to wait a bit longer than expected for our food but still worth every penny.We eat red beans and rice every monday and decided to try our hand at Ignatius. They were some of the creamiest, tastiest red beans I have had in the city for a while! We also had sazeracs and the bar tenders definitely know how to make a good cocktail here. The restaurant has a lot of character on the inside which makes it a pleasant, lower cost, good quality dining location for Magazine St. There were only a few diners in the restaurant so we had a lot of attention from the server as well.
I would go to Ignatius again if I was looking for some good New Orleans classic food dishes at a reasonable price point.Ignatius is the perfect NO eatery - you can get great gumbo, etouffee, po boys and an Abita in a paper sack to wash it all down. Its the perfect local place for a cross section of NO cuisine to take out of towners, and as a former local, its always on my list when I am back in town. I'm so happy a place like this is open uptown that is unpretentious real NO food. Add it to any list of places to eat lunch when you're visiting NO.The service was good and sitting outside was really nice.  I didn't have the fried green tomatoes but the rest of my party enjoyed them.  We all had the jambalaya and thought it was only OK.  My friend said it tasted like Zatarans.  I expected more.No no no no no no NO!  Hubby and I walked in for a meal and it took over 50 minutes for the meal to arrive - this may be the south but it was unreasonable.  Our waitress told us that the kitchen was backed up which would have been nice to know before we sat down.  It was hard tracking her down while we waited to get updates or simply get a refill on the water.  When we finally received the bread it was stale, but we ate it as we didn't know how much longer the wait would be.  When the food finally arrived it looked like something from an IHOP, nothing like the sumptuous plates of food I saw people munching on outside that drew me in.  To top it off they didn't include the potatoes which made up half the meal of the one plate we were sharing.  We spoke with the manager and our meal was comped due to the madness.  The meal was flavorless short of the jambalaya that was amazing and felt as though it was cooked in a separate kitchen from the rest of the meal.Vacationing in New Orleans for the first time over Easter weekend and stumbled upon this wonderful eatery.  Shrimp po' boy was outstanding and the remoulade was the best I had during the entire vacation - DELICIOUS!!  Very friendly wait staff, too.  
Have told many friends to dine here if they find themselves on Magazine street.  Some find this place pricy, but just try getting that high quality food in Chicago for the same price - this place was reasonably priced by my standards.So excited for the revival of this coffee shop on Magazine! Great food, awesome service, great location! The baristas are all friendly and very knowledgeable!The food was just ok. It did not have a lot of flavor compared to other new orleans's restaurants.Delicious Bayou Sampler.  Delicious. Hats off to the polite staff, clean dining area and delightful bread served with our meal. What a pleasant surprise to bump into this place.Really enjoyed eating here and will return. The prices are affordable, the service is great, and the food is delicious. Classic New Orleans staples. I had the crawfish étouffée, onion rings, and Collard Greens.Great  food,  great space, wonderful old time drinks! Unfortunately one of the worst waitresses ever . Hopefully she has been fired by now. If you get a waitress named Deborah, ask for another. I have never been snapped at so many times during a meal in my life! 
Again great food and all just one bad apple, for sure. Wonderfull spot for New Orleans good times!I like it here. This new space is gorgeous, the reception is friendly, the food is tasty, the service is great. I love their gin fizz. It's smoother and milder than most I've had. 
Also, eat the Mac & cheese.We love this place! Delicious food and great service.  We ordered shrimp & grits, crawfish étouffée, bayou sampler, roast beef Po boy, chicken & sausage gumbo, & bread pudding.  Everything we ordered was delicious.  We will definitely visit this place again.  The best!Beautiful inside and plenty of options.  Its a great location for people watching.  Barlow the baritsa will set you up with what you need!Very good coffee, in fact, the best on Magazine Street for sure!  Friendly and prompt service. Clean and spacious seating ---inside and outside!  So easy to love this place and I definitely do!Not being from Nola, I'm by no means a connoisseur of what a po'boy should be but... I had an Alligator po boy and it was really good.... good flavor and seasoning. I look forward to going back.I came here with my husband and parents over the Thanksgiving holiday weekend during the afternoon. We sat outside and were very happy to have an outdoor seating option to watch the action on Magazine street and enjoy the warm weather. Our service was very good as well.
We ordered a lot of food so that we could try some creole classics: fried green tomatoes, shrimp and grits, red beans and rice, crawfish étouffée, jambalaya and the pesto pasta made with pecans rather than pine nuts. The only dish we did not love was the pesto as it was a little bland (needs salt or at the very least some Parmesan). Everything else was excellent and despite ordering so much food, we ate every bite. I love that this place has so many classics on its menu because it was more challenging than I would have thought to find more than one or two of any of these dishes anywhere else. I really loved that they were all delicious as well.NEW OWNER ALERT
We stopped in this evening for dinner and they've actually changed over from being a restaurant to a coffee house.  They do have sandwiches and salads, but it's nothing like what it used to be. Definitely disappointed In the change. We didn't actually stay to eat, so I can't vouch for the food.One of our favorite places to eat in NOLA! Just had the Corn & Crab Bisque and the Shrimp Remoulade Poboy. Both outstanding!  Have had the Roast Beef Poboy before and it's equally good.We're in NOLA for a week and our plans are to try everything traditional to the area, but not break the bank every night.  From the reviews we decided to try Ignatius, we were not disappointed.  We each ordered a dish, shared and appetizer and dessert, they were all fabulous.  The atmosphere is very casual, the service is great and its very inexpensive.  We tried a more expensive place tonight, serving the same kind of food, cost almost 3 times as much, but the food was not as good.  We'll be going back  to Ignatius tomorrow night and the next.Yeah. 
There's a buncha hoohah in their window about being voted the best of something by someone or other, but that person was clearly stoned and desperate for something to ease the munchies. 
I've tried this place more than once, because sometimes you just have bad luck. 
Everything I've eaten there has been over cooked, greasy to the point of being disgusting, or so dried out and old looking I was afraid to eat it. 
This city is filled with wonderful restaurants who deserve their props. This isn't one of them. 
Never going back.Pretty empty by 2-3 pm. 
Gumbo was bland
Jambalaya had potential
Happy hours has some good deals 
Nice staffThis place was super busy for lunch.  I enjoyed my rice and beans, and the specialty cocktails.We stopped in here for lunch and were very pleased with our choice.  After finishing a great garden district tour by Grey Perkins of Strange True Tours, she suggested we try this restaurant.  We had the fried green tomatoes as an appetizer, the seafood stuffed green pepper and the bayou sampler.  Everything was very tasty.  I like my stuffed peppers a little crisper, the peppers were a little over cooked for my preference.  Other than that, everything was great.  Our waiter was very nice and very helpful.  I asked for advice on a cocktail, yeah I know it was lunch - we are on vacation - he suggested a Vieux Carre which I will definitely try to make when I get back home.All of the food is fantastic and they have moved into a wonderful place that has an old nola feel but updated! If you want a great brunch or dinner you cant beat the price or food they make and they have a amazingly charming manager/waitress named Jamie that is extremely helpful and fun to talk with! This is a must if ur in NOLA! I try to eat here at least once a week!
Shawn FAte outside on magazine, which was nice. Couldn't say what the inside was like, never went in. Had the jambalaya, it left a little to be desired. It was kinda dry and ice cream scooped on he plate. Not a terrible experience by any means, just have had betterMy husband and I just moved to the neighborhood and decided to try and catch the happy hour, or at least grab a quick bite (moving works up your appetite!) We took a seat outside and Emmanuel quickly came out with a huge smile on his face. He was incredibly helpful and suggested the Ignatius Plate, and let me tell you, alligator is a new favorite in our household (thanks Emmanuel!)!! We also go the fries for two, which were seasoned beautifully( and definitely enough for 3 people) and my new favorite cocktail, the Pimms cup. I cant rave enough about how great the food and drinks are, but even more than that the service we recieved! Emmanuel definitely got some new regulars tonight!For starters, they are among the few joints that are open on Sundays, so, that's a plus.
We had the creole jambalaya, which was nice and spicy, and 2 specials: seafood stuffed peppers and fried catfish topped with craw fish tails and veggies in a rich buerre blanc sauce, which was to die for.  
They served dixie beers in brown paper bags, which was a cute touch.
The ambiance is casual and cozy, and our server Matt was friendly and efficient.
Great place for cajun/creole food.  We will def be back...prob next Sun.Save your money and go somewhere else. I have eaten at this place 3 times. The first for a completely bland and unmemorable omelet. The second time the food was so unmemorable I'm not even sure what I ate. The last time I ate there (which was recently) the service was horrifying. I ordered a cup of gumbo which was edible but consisted mostly of rice. One of my friends ordered a stuffed bell pepper which turned out to be a quarter of a bell pepper stuffed with what tasted like box stuffing with a side of dry jambalaya. My other companion ordered a fish which was covered in a sauce that was so salty it rendered the fish barely edible. I have been living in New Orleans for 8 years and this is one of the worst restaurants in the city.Maybe their sandwiches are OK. There's nothing I experienced there that would bring me back. We tried:
Muffaletta salad - the saltiest deli meat & cheeses this side of the Calliope projects.
Alligator Boudin - I'm not a fan of any sausage that doesn't taste like meat. This one included.
Chicken & Sausage Gumbo - the roux was beige. You be the judge.
Bacon Potato Salad - sour cream base, but surprisingly good. 
Our server was pleasant and quite honest in her opinion of the menu items; I avoided ordering the seafood gumbo because she said, "it didn't have enough stuff in it". Based on what we saw & tasted in the chicken version, perhaps it should be renamed ' gumbo consomme with essence of seafood'.The crawfish etouffee is fantastic. We've been going to the place for several years (even at the prior location on Magazine). Great servers and great happy hour. It would be nice if they used biodegradable containers for leftovers.Nice place, they made us an off the menu veggie po'boy, but warning to vegetarians, not dish on the menu is made without meat products... odd that this pulls up as a vegan option on yelp!Great place for true NOLA food, especially for visitors. Small, cute, friendly service, and reasonable prices. Came here with my friend from out of town and got the jambalaya, which was delicious.  Also sampled my friends roast beef po boy, which I'll have to get next time - the beef was pulled and tender. Overall a great place to have a quicker but very authentic NOLA meal in uptown.I've been wanting to try this place out for quite sometime now. It did not disappoint me. One thing I will say, which isn't necessarily a negative thing is, they DO NOT SERVE ALCOHOL. Whatever their reason may be, I'm sure its legitimate. You don't have to serve alcohol to be a good restaurant. 
I tried the red beans and rice and the sausage was AMAZING! I think it may be slightly overpriced... the traditional red beans and rice dish was almost $10. 
I think they should tone down on the prices a bit, but it is what it is. I'd still come back every now and then. The good thing about them not having alcohol is that you can BYOB. There is no cork fee or anything for wine bottles, so enjoy lol.Appetizer = Ignatius Mac N' Cheese w/ shrimp = good
    Fried shrimp on the side, good flavor
Entree 1 = Basil pesto  w/ chicken = passable 
     Basil overpowers the meal
Entree 2 = Ignatius shrimp = good
     Many grilled shrimp, spicy, and hot
Drink 1 = Primms Cup = Too strong for me
    Both with the flavor and alcohol 
Drink 2 = Iced tea = Also too strong
    Prefer more iceStopped in this great little place on Magazine for brunch, really great meal, really fantastic staff and over all exactly what you want in New Orleans cuisine in the best neighborhood in New Orleans.Very tasty food at affordable prices. The fried green tomatoes were really good along with the gumbo and the crawfish étouffée.Came in here for lunch an had the alligator po-boy. It was ok really, but what I really enjoyed was the atmosphere and the views. Ignatius is located right on Magazine street and the people watching is phenomenal. I would most definitely come back and try something different, potentially the dinner menu which looked more appealing to my tastebuds.We went here because Rum House had too long of a wait. We were greeted and sat down immediately. It was a nice quiet place. When I first looked at the menu, I was really impressed and thought there was a good variety of dishes. I ordered the boudin stuffed meatloaf. I didn't really care for it. The meatloaf was dry and just like a regular meatloaf. The boudin in the center was good but this dish in my opinion wasn't worth the money. I tasted my friends seafood stuffed bell pepper and it was better than my dish. I probably would return but only if it was one if the last options because I didn't find the value of the food to be outstanding.I'm definitely a fan of this place. It's small, relatively clean, and has just enough kitsch to let your eyes wander while waiting for your food, but not distract you from the real reason that you're here. The food is good, and everything about this place is just a little broken (from the poorly balanced tables to the beverage options). It's an old building, and while I probably don't want to see the state of the kitchen, I think that it's ultimately a fair reflection of our beloved city and definitely worth visiting.
You can't go wrong with any of the following:
- Bacon & Sour Cream Potato Salad
- Sauteed Shrimp Remoulade Po Boy
- Crawfish Etouffee
- Any of the daily specials involving the aforementioned crawfish etouffeeThis is good, traditional New Orleans food. Red beans and rice are excellent, as are the roast beef po-boys and crawfish etouffee. Salads are also quite good. Prices are average.Nice quaint little place. The gumbo was delish. Muffeletta was ok, but they put a rather overpowering cheese on it (including grated on top). It was good to find a place that had creole mustar, nectar soda, Barq's in a glass bottle, and zapp'sGreat food! Excellent service! Loved the atmosphere...low key with a great seat in the window to people watch!This place used to be an amazing Cajun restaurant and apparently they only serve coffee now. I am disappointed to say the least. Especially since I've been talking this place up all week to some friends. Finally got to town just to be disappointed and heart broken.BOOOO.  This used to be one of our go-to restaurants on Magazine. Now it's a coffeehouse. Disappointing. 286 Reviews for Ignatius Espresso Bar and 283 of them are for a restaurant that is no longer in business, raving about food they no longer serve. 
 LAME.Food was really good, i sat at the bar and the bartender was very helpful, i tried the seafood gumbo and the jambalaya.Ignatius' Mac n Cheese, Fried Green Tomatoes and an Abita Light ($3 during happy hour)! is a wonderful late afternoon treat when sitting outside on Magazine Street enjoying the sights.I honestly don't know how I've been overlooking this restaurant on Magazine. The food was delicious ! We sat outside on the sidewalk tables so we could people watch & also because the weather was really nice so I actually don't even know what the inside looks like.I 'll have to pay attention next time. My boyfriend and I shared the Bayou Sampler which is a great dish for tourists to get because they can taste a little bit of some of the most popular dishes in Louisiana. I got it because I always want everything and I'm VERY indecisive so this way I didn't really have to make a tough decision.The Bayou Sampler included : Creole Jambalaya,Red Beans & Rice ,Crawfish Etoufee and Chicken & Sausage Gumbo.They were ALL really, really good and they were all seasoned just right but my favorite was the Crawfish Etoufee. My boyfriends favorite was the Creole Jambalaya. Next time I go I'm definitely ordering an entire bowl of the Crawfish Etoufee.I also got to taste some of the Seafood Stuffed Bell Pepper and the Corn Maque Choux and of course both of them were delicious and I'm not really a big fan of stuffed Bell Peppers.The service was good too, no complaints.Delicious food and good service! We stopped in for a quick lunch and really enjoyed our meal. The prices were reasonable and their happy hour specials looked promising.Service was astoundingly bad as we sat there for 10 minutes before anyone gave us our menu (the restaurant was almost empty). But, the food was pretty good. Shrimp po-boy loaded high with flavorful shrimp, rich gumbo, and reasonable prices compared to the French Quarter markup.The decor is so adorable. Like an old time French bistro. Unfortunately the food is disgusting. You would get the same quality food in a Lean Cuisine. The food was warm, not hot and looked like a clogged toilet bowl. Tasted bland and runny. I doubt they use fresh ingredients. Too expensive for what it is. I'd rather eat a Dinty Moore than go back to this place.Waiter, waiter... where are you waiter?
Packed on a Saturday night - but on Magazine st, what isn't?
Our waitress finally came (I get it, it's the south, things move slower - or something) and i ordered a chardonnay - which for $9 was not a great value. It tasted cheap and too acidic.  My husband similarly found his beer disappointing.
The place is of course VERY loud - as there is nothing to buffer the sound, only tile floors and solid walls and lots of chatter. (I get it, it's the south, things are louder - or something).
- The seafood gumbo was so pointless. It was *Extremely* salty (almost inedible) with like,... 1 shrimp in it.  The only redeeming factor was that it had a nice spice to it.
- The Boudin  (ie stuffed sausage) - is it supposed to be served cold? We didn't know... we didn't ask, my husband didn't care - he was in love. It says it's stuffed with pork n jalapenos - I really didn't get that. I got some rice n what seemed like crumbled beef but I guess coulda been pork.  It was definitely interestingly spiced, but after a few bites, was too fatty/greasy for me.
- Caesar salad - nothing wrong with it, straight up and simple with a hint of anchovy. Not sure it was necessary to have this at all though.
- Red beans n rice - This is one of the loves of my life. My mom raised me on it, and I'm very picky when I eat it.  It had, to me, an odd flavor. I have no idea what this flavor was. Mom suggested it was file, I thought it might be bay leaves, I really don't know.  It's just 'not how momma makes it'. The beans alone I didn't care for, and the andouille was filled with spice - making them, apart, not great - but together, surprisingly harmonious.
All that being said, (and not mentioning the decor here) I felt like I was eating at a New Olreans-inspired restaurant that wasn't actually authentic.  But then, I'm not from the South, I'm from Texas. I wonder what my mom would've thought. 
PS: next to us a group of mostly men and a cpl ladies (late 20s?) proceeded to get VERY drunk - the manager seemed to know them and encourage it. He was also very nice to us (and said I was pretty) so that was something ;D  Ie:
"Are ya havin' a nice meal?" to my husband
"Oh yes it's very good." Husband to manager
Manager looks at me "Well I'd imagine it'd be a very good meal even if the food stank!" SmilesThis is where my husband and I enjoyed our first-ever meal in New Orleans, and we were NOT disappointed!
The innkeeper at the B&B we were staying at nearby didn't hesitate to recommend Ignatius to us as a yummy, casual dining option as we were fresh off the plane and not in the mood to get dressed up and head out to the French Quarter or Garden District.
Since we were tourists, we got a kick out of the local decor (typical "Southern" products like grits, Creole mustard, hot sauce and jambalaya rice mix line the walls). The place is definitely a hole in the wall, but that didn't take away from the delicious food options.
My husband scarfed down his seafood gumbo and roast beef po' boy (the meat just melted in your mouth!), and I wasn't far behind with my green salad and shrimp creole. The sauces had just enough kick without burning our mouths.
And the brownie sundae we shared for dessert topped off the meal perfectly!
I guess the only complaint I had was the fact that the soda comes in way-too-small bottles, necessitating repeat orders which then unnecessarily jacked up the bill. That and they didn't have a liquor license, so if you're hankering for a beer you're out of luck.
If you're ever on or near Magazine Street and in the mood for traditional New Orleans fare, definitely try Ignatius.This place is great - especially as a local.  When I want good New Orleans food I know I can count on Ignatius Eatery. Their gumbos are wonderful, and the crawfish etouffee is wonderful. Went for brunch recently, and the egg dishes were good, too.  Their drinks are good and the specialty cocktails are inventive and tasty.  I also like the wait staff.  They have great servers that are friendly, courteous, attractive, and attentive - just what you want . . . hell, I don't know if it's what you want . . . it's what I want, and this is my review . . . so there.I had dinner at this place with some friends and I enjoyed this place.
The food and drinks were pretty good,  I had a cup of gumbo and an order of jambalaya. It used to be a Rue de la Course a while ago, but there are not many signs of that now. The service was good, not too overbearing and attentive enough. I liked the decor. The next time I find myself in Nola I will be back :)Despite the amazing name, the mac & cheese was terrible and I got sick off of the alligator po-boy.After 2 locations and 2 hours of trying to find a place to grab lunch, our local friend brought us here.  I tried the boudin meatloaf served with corn and mashed potatoes which was really good.  I had never had boudin before so to have it in a meatloaf was the perfect marriage.    This was one delicious meal.One of the only truly awful restaurants in New Orleans. Uninspired versions of classic New Orleans and Louisiana dishes. Indifferent and incompetent service. Leave this for the tourists.This place has good food and a good atmosphere.
Went on a sunny Sunday late afternoon, which meant not many were inside the restaurant, but we really enjoyed the street-side seating  (Magazine Street).
The food options were all mouthwatering descriptions.
Great choice for creole food.
I had the alligator po-boy which was good, but boy, they went reallllly heavy on the salt. 
My friend had the crawfish etoufee which was made to perfection.  So creamy and tasty, but probably 1000 mg of salt and 90 g of fat.  It was an extremely rich dish. 
However I would also say the corn macaque choux was nothing to write about.  Plain corn (maybe from a can) 
We were very pleased with the refreshing Pimms cup, Bellini, and the waiter service. Glad they know how to do customer service right. 
The interior was very nice and looked like the old-style restaurants back in the day. I appreciate that ambiance.
I wonder if other dishes were also as salty.  Also the value was what I expected from a place directly on Magazine street.I had completely forgotten that we had gotten take out from here!
I got an alligator poboy from this place that was out of this world delicious!  I tend to be a pretty adventurous eater, so if you are too, then you have to try it.  I've only gotten take out and I haven't been to the actual place, so I can't really review the atmosphere or anything.  I'll be sure to update when I go back!Lovely menu and nicest service - will come back again - redfish and trout were amazing and very generous happy hour options.No wait.  AC works extremely well on a hot day.  Friendly staff. 
Pork PO-Boy was very tasty.  Bread was especially good. 
Garden salad with strawberries and grilled chicken also very tasty. 
Very nice atmosphere.  Definitely recommend it. 
We were in a long wait across the street at another restaurant. And opted for this place instead. Not disappointed a bit. Very good.If your ever in NOLA on magazine st you gotta stop in here it's home cooking at it's best,everything tasted fresh the gator sauges was amazing a perfect starter.
 It's also BYOB I can't wait to visit this place again totally 2 thumbs up!We arrived at a pretty quite time, subsequent subsequently ther was no issue with seating and the server was attentive.
Really enjoyed the red beans and rice and the Bloody Mary was outstanding.  We will definitely be back.This is an excellent little local spot, convenient on Magazine Street.  The inside atmosphere was okay - mostly plain, but filled with friendly staff and customers - and the outside has several tables great for people-watching and enjoying the weather.  {On the weather, I should caveat that I was here during a period of beautiful weather, with few-to-no biting bugs.  I hear this may only occur at limited times of year.}  The food was very good, with great spice and flavors equal to that of larger, fancier restaurants.  The sautéed shrimp po-boy was a delight - I'm all for fried food, but the flavor of the sautéed shrimp (and the mental image of health...kind of) made me wonder why more places don't do it this way.We started with fried green tomatoes, which were excellent. We then had red beans and rice and the jambalaya. Big portions! The jambalaya had really good corn mixed in, but I felt that it needed a little more seafood variety.Very attentive and helpful waitstaff, delicious food, affordable and well crafted happy hour drinks. Clean atmosphere. I highly recommend a visit, I plan on being back weekly.Great Louisiana style eatery. Fantastic food. I am very pleased. This place is a nice quaint restaurant located in the Uptown district of New Orleans away from all the hustle and bustle of the touristy French quarter. It is not a high end place by any means the prices are very reasonable and the service is friendly. What makes this place a great catch is the food they serve. Being that I am new to Cajun food I was totally taken by how good this culinary culture is and Ignatius is a great place to get a taste of what Cajun food is all about. 
I had the crawfish soup and my sister tried the shrimp Jambalaya. Wow, first of all the food is very close to a home cooked meal it is not sophisticated yet very wholesome. It hit the spot right. 
So why four stars and not five? Well some of the dishes were slightly on the salty side (perhaps thats the Creole way but I though its a bit much). Also the bathroom facilities are not to my taste, to get to them you must go near the kitchen and see the behind the curtains of a restaurant in my book the bathroom is the number one overlooked place in a restaurant and this one was too. 
Otherwise a great place to eat and I recommend it to anyone.We chose to sit outside so I can't comment much on the inside but I did sneak a peek.  It looked nostalgic.  
My husband ordered a Diet Coke and it was served in a very tiny little bottle.  The water is in decanters with lids so that is good for being outside.  Bread is served with the meal in little paper sacks.  I ordered the cup of Crawfish and Corn soup.  It tasted wonderful but 7.99 is very high for a "cup" of anything.  I knew how much it would up front though.  
Husband got Crawfish Etoufee and I got the whole warm muffaletta.  Both of these were delicious.  
We had leftover muffaletta because I had to have the "whole" (they sell halves) and was curious how it would withstand fridge time. It did quite well and was good cold, too. 
Instead of bringing us a box, the waitress boxed it up for us.  She was very friendly and helpful.Cutely decorated, clean place. A nice waitress who wasn't snooty with us tourists. 
The sweet tea was real sweet, the red beans & rice was DELICIOUS, the po boy was better than Johnny's Po Boy's, but my fried green tomato's breading kept falling off :( At least it wasn't oily. 
Decently good food, yet pricey.So Disappointed!!! Ordered the crawfish etouffee and it was completely bland. Like that they serve bottled coke, other than that, blah.One of my favorite spots in new Orleans! Great food, great service. Never a bad time. Highly recommend.The waitress was so funny and sweet. The food was great. I got the roast beef po boy with provolone cheese, I highly recommend it.  Service was good and great atmosphere.Bad experience at this restaurant, overall service was poor and this business needs operations management training badly. 48 minutes from order to delivery on a Sunday without a full house....we ordered sandwiches and omelettes. Manager gave us bread in a paper bag with no plates. Server took order and we never saw him again. Just about everyone in the place was complaining, manager bringing food back to kitchen from all of the surrounding tables. Don't waste your money here, much better options in NOLA.Girlfriend and I split the gator and roast beef po-boys for lunch. They were both good but they are far from the best po-boys in the area. Place was quiet for a weekend lunch, and the religious decor was a little overwhelming. Actually no, it was a lot overwhelming. Nearly 4 stars are too many stars for this place.This place does not get the traffic it deserves! The food is great, but my service was horrible! Which killed the entire experience. I had the fries green tomatoes and the shrimp and grits, which I would recommend to everyone. My server was ridiculous. He obviously forgot to put in our food order, and instead of comings and apologizing, he decided to ignore our table. He would check on the tale directly next to us and walk right past our table. It took over an hour for our food, and the place was not packed. If I go back I pray for better service!This was our second time here.... Went for dinner. The restaurant was not hopping unlike Rum House across the road. Wierd. I had fried green tomatoes and shrimp and grits. Both were good .... Though the shrimp were a little over cooked and grits were not piping hot. Service was good... Only complaint was that the food came out tooooo quick! Husbands jambalaya also was good!Could be better.
Waitress was good.
The Grits were BOMB. Bloody mary was good.
Oyster Po-boy meh, and eggs neptune had no flavor or spice whatsoever.  Scratched it off my list of places to eat, but it doesn't look like I'll be coming here again anytime soon.Great happy hour. We split the Ignatius platter and it was a ton of food for a great value. They have the best fried catfish and great service.Mediocre, over salted étouffée and jambalaya and poor service rounded out our first (and last) lunch experience here. If you have the choice, skip this place. But if you end up here anyway, try the gator sausage.I've been here for brunch 2 times and I live in the neighborhood.  First there are numerous brunch spots within walking distance and many of them have an hour wait on Sundays.  Today,  this place, if it had been better managed, could have been no exception.  
I'll start with today's experience first.  For starters, the guy taking names at the door, kept it on a paper menu in his pocket and he was not often at the door.  I think he might have been an owner.  Then, despite getting seated sooner than we were promised, we had to wait close to 20 minutes to get water, and over 45 minutes to get food.  While we were waiting for food, the guy, who was taking names at the door, left to go out for milk and several dozen eggs.  Seriously, they ran out of eggs and milk?  The waitress told my friend that she couldn't have had coffee because they were out of milk.  Wow!
So, we waited patiently at our little table for 2, near the front of the door.  Frankly, I had to start giving out advice to the crowd that would rise and fall at the door and I even answered questions when the waitress couldn't field the crowd, while the owner was getting milk and eggs.....at 12:30pm....umm, yeah, that's the peak of the brunch hour, isn't it?
The food came out and like I said, this was my 2nd time here for brunch, and the portions were definitely on the small side.  The side of grits that came with the omelet I ordered was about a 1/4 cup of grits.  The side of fruit that came with was nothing exceptional at about 10 grapes, 2 pieces of cantaloupe and a 1/2 piece of strawberry.  The vegetable omelet had maybe a 1/4 cup of veggies: including 1 slice of bellpepper, 2 slices of mushrooms, a few slices of onions and 1-2 tomato chunks.  It didn't taste bad, but really the process of getting the measly meal wasn't worth it.
The waitress did apologize many times, but it was clear that she was overworked.  The restaurant was missing at least 1 if not 2 wait staff and maybe other hostessing staff, too.  The funny thing is that there were many empty tables for larger parties open.   These tables could have been split up into many 2-top tables, but the host/owner seemed to be waiting to fill them up with larger parties while making the many tables of 2 wait for a table and wait for 30 minutes to even order.  Pretty bad....... then the 1st big group that walked in after my friend and I had been there for over an hour, well, the other owner sat them down right away.  REALLY?  They must have been her friends.  Lame, I have to say.  
The sad thing is my friend and I chose to eat here not for the food quality but because we thought we could eat faster....ha, ha, ha, we could have walked back to my house and I could have made a tastier omelet in less time than they did.  That's for sure!
Since I mentioned that I had been there one other time, I will say that that waitress was exceptional and allowed our big group to do separate checks, which is not their policy, normally.  The portions were bigger, the cocktails were good and the service was a little more reasonable from the kitchen then.   
Lesson learned: All in all, they are not worth repeating for a 3rd visit for brunch. There are so many other better brunch places within 1-2 blocks of this place!Come to this local hangout for some quick new Orleans specials done simply with a steady hand. I scootered to this place based on yelp reviews and was happy for an outdoor seat in a quieter new orleans neighborhood. Got a half muffaletta that was basic, some delicious gumbo, and their creamy bread pudding. The charm was in the local feel.Great service and flavorful food! We came here after we were completely ignored and denied seating at Joey K's down the road, by one of their rude waitresses (I'm still not sure why). Glad we ended up here though. Much more laid back and friendly. We loved everything we ordered.