We visited the Ihop on Canal Street after a day of traveling and were seated by a friendly waitress. In our group, there were two adults and four children, ages 14, 13, 5 and 3. The waitress brought our drinks and took our order quite efficiently. When the food arrived, one five-stack of buttermilk pancakes were missing. My daughter had to sit and watch everyone eat for some time, while the waitress made promises each trip past our table. Knowing she was starving, I finally gave her one f my three pancakes so she had something in front of her while she waited.
Finally, her order arrived and she began eating. The waitress left my bill on the table - $54. I had ordered the Colorado Omelette which was quite good but when I finished most of it and started on my pancakes, I got a nasty nasty surprise. With the second bite of my pancakes, something felt wrong in my mouth. I reached in and found a hair. I started pulling it out of my mouth and it kept coming and coming, like a fishing line!!! UGH MY GAWD. The thing took both hands and turned out to be a curly reddish hair. It was not mine nor the waitresses as it had obviously been cooked into the pancake. This made me sick to my stomach, of course.
I called the waitress over and showed her. She quickly told me the hair did not match anyone on duty (WHO CARES ABOUT THAT? THE DAMN THING WAS IN MY FOOD!) She asked me if I wanted to speak to the manager and I said no, please just take this food away from the table. She did not ask me if I wanted a replacement (even though I would have said no, it would have been nice if she had offered). She came back to the table a few minutes later and picked up the $54 check, leaving another in its place. I thought maybe she had took my meal off of the bill but NO - now my total was $63.89. Listed as a service charge was $7.73 - she had included her own gratuity after the hair was found. 
IHOP used to be my ultimate favorite restaurant but now it just makes my stomach churn and brings back a memory I cannot erase. I will never, ever return to this restaurant and unless something changes in the future, I will never eat at another IHOP err... IHAIR again!!!  
And since when did IHOP start adding gratuity into their checks?????????????????It was a group of us and we had issues with our order. We had to send back some of our orders. The coffee was cold the omelette was disgusting taste as though they didn't clean the griddle it was cooked on. Two of my friends had steak and it was burnt!Omg. Don't go here....waited and waited for my food . When it came out only half was there...waited more for my pancakes asked for more ice tea....waited no ice teabut... the food was goodThis restaurant was so accommodating in getting us in off the rainy street quickly.  Server named Lydia and she was a Gem!  Great smile, friendly and quick!  Exactly what we needed in game day!
If your in the neighborhood stop in and ask for her!
Food was Ihop at its best.  Good experience!This was the worst experience I have ever had at an IHOP. I had to send my breakfast back 3 times. I ordered the 2x2x2 with the eggs over medium and the egg whites were runny,so my meal was replaced with cold pancakes and sausage. I sent it back again and the eggs were worse than the first. I told them to forget it that I would go elsewhere and the manager came out to tell us that that is the way the eggs were supposed to be. We had to
Pay $8.40 for 2 cups of coffee and an order of toast. 
Love New Orleans, but would never go back to another IHOP againI love all I hops that I've been to and now I can add this one to the list . We were greeted with friendly smiling faces and our waitress was a delight . You can't go wrong with the steak omelette and pancakes. My husband who is a health nut (lol ) loves the spinach omelette and the wheat pancakes. Our visit at this IHOP was a success!:-)I just had the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant here. Avoid it like the plague. 
We didn't even get to ordering the food before we left in intimidation.
So, we had ordered coffee, someone ordered decaf, but then changed her mind to decaf. Our waitress brought both decaf and regular. When we pointed out the confusion, in a very understanding way (really making sure that she knew that we totally see how the confusion had occurred). This lady got angry! Left me speaking half way through and gave me her back, she came back with another thing of regular coffee, and started to bang our silverware on the table with a face of complete discontent. 
She didn't provide a straw for a tea, and there was another waitress near by. Not wanting to upset our waitress even more my brother's fiancee asked this other waitress for a straw. She looked at her also with an attitude, and she said: both of my hands are full, can't you see! 
Full disclosure: both of these waitresses were African American and my family is hispanic. I don't know if there's some sort of racial issue in New Orleans between these two races, but it just seemed that there was a lot of aggression for things that are pretty normal at a restaurant. 
We said we wanted to leave and asked for the check and the manager. The manager came, and asked us what the situation was. Our waitress had these threatening eyes on us the entire time, and the manager asked her to step aside, at which point the waitress started raising her voice. We said to the manager: "this attitude is precisely why we want to pay and leave now and handed her $20dlls without looking at the bill (but we had asked for 2 coffees, 1 tea, water, and 2 diet cokes, a lot less than $20). I was expecting for an apology and to let us go without pay since we had barely touched our drinks. However, she took our $20dlls. and left the table. All the while three people with long hair peaked from the kitchen staring us also in a very threatening way. It was actually very scary. When the manager picked up our $20dlls we didn't wait for the change and left the table. We were actually worried for a little bit about being followed by the guys staring at us from the kitchen, but it was all fine. We're just never going back. 
It is a real shame, because I really like Ihop.Just enjoyed Sunday morning breakfast at I-Hop, the food was good (large quantity, good quality) excellent coffee, ok service. The down side was the bathrooms, gross - gross - gross! Breakfast for two was $25 with tip.You can't go wrong with Ihop. The food was good, the  restaurant was clean, service is okay, in a prime location.I came here after a night of partying on Bourbon Street, mostly because I was hungry, the streetcar was taking forever, and nothing on campus would be open when I returned.  
The food quality here is on par with every other IHOP in the country.  I can't imagine coming here for any reason other than after a night of partying.  My waiter was friendly enough.This place took 45 mins to get our order with only 6 people in the restaurant...... they didn't have all ingredients to make what we ordered food was horrible! How u mess up breakfast food? This place gets five thumbs downGreat, filling comfort food.  Loved the banana foster brioche french toast!  The service that Cindy the waitress gave us was amazing.  She was really busy but found time to stop by our table with a few quick quips, funny and great customer service.  I will go back for sure.In my opinion iHop is a hit or miss place. No two are the same and customer service and food quality always seems to depend on the owner and manager. This one did fine during our visit. Food took kinda long but didn't have any complaints or need to send anything back. Service was good and restaurant was clean.Food was bland, service was mediocre. The only thing that this place has going for it us that its in a perfect location right on Canal between Bourbon and Dauphine streets. If you're not drunk or hung over, make the effort to go else where.Check out the current specials and meals before ordering. First morning in I didn't notice until after I ordered. FAIL. But morning #2 was delicious and the standard ihop experience. Good Eats & Cheers!While I am normally very unimpressed with this location on the night I came there was a new manager named Brian who was very Hands-On and spoke to every table, was backing up the servers running food out and helping clean. The bathroom on this night was the cleanest I have ever seen it. In my server Miss Stephanie was Top Notch. She was genuinely awesome best server I've had in a long time.IHOP on Canal is a convenient breakfast when you're too tired to go looking through the French Canal. Quick to get seated, quick food and drinks, quick bill. I got the spring garden omelette which I enjoyed (as much as you can enjoy an omelette from IHOP) and it comes with butter pancakes which was great. My boyfriend got one of their breakfast sandwiches and enjoyed it. They ran out of iced coffee when I was there which was a bit disappointing but other than that it was a satisfying breakfast. Service was really friendly!Had brunch here before travelling back to Fort Walton Beach, Florida.  Had bacon, hash browns and 2 eggs plus toast.  Eggs have been problematic in the past but these were perfect and I enjoyed the food.  
Waitress was helpful and attentiveFrom the reviews, I guess my expectations should have been non existent, but really??? I had a good lunch there, but isn't breakfast supposed to be their thing?
The waitress was new...but should have been still a trainee. She did not know what I was ordering and tried instead to give me her suggestion for what I should eat (which should have been my first clue to get up and leave). 
She could not split the check, but instead of going to someone who knew how to do it, she took both credit cards and just charged mine wth?
After speaking to the manager, I understand why the service is what it is. Ugh!Way too slow for breakfast. It's ihop, not gourmet cuisine. Food was also cold when we finally got it. Fruit cup looked sketchy so didn't even bother to eat. Will never come here again.RUDE RUDE WAIT SERVICE. Horrible attitudes.  Food okay but it Is a chain.  They employ too many and they all just stand around with their herds of friends getting free stuff.Literally the worst restaurant experience in my life. Save yourself a couple of hours and DON'T GO HERE!!Horrible service, the whole staff had attitide filthy restaurant!! Hair in my food! Will not be eating there ever again!I went to this IHOP for National Pancake Day and received a free stack of buttermilk pancakes. I am surprised that the restaurant has such poor reviews. The restaurant has a great convenient location, being so close to the Marriott, Ritz Carlton, and several other hotels. Our waitress was really sweet and although the chef forgot a couple of things (to put whipped cream on my pancakes when I had asked for it and ice cream on the crepe), she noticed it before she put the plate down on our table and fixed it before we had to ask. Service was quick and would be a great place to grab a quick bite to eat in NOLA.The service was not to friendly, but the food was excellent.  We went very late, like about midnight, staying in the French Quarters, this was walking distance, for my LOVE for pancakes child who couldn't resist.  Food was fresh food was good, but whenever they forgot to bring something, and you request for it again, you can feel the energy, and the vibe of not wanting to do so.  
NO, it was NOT busy.  I believe it was one couple, and just ourselves (family of 3).
The scenery was nice, walking distance to the Walgreens, for hotel snacks, and fun, memorable walks.
I will dine here again, if I'm in the area.Eehhhh. I wanted this to be better than it was. My niece was excited to visit an IHOP in the city. Food was poorly assembled and not as ordered. Service was mostly polite but kind of militant at times and neglectful at others.
About the food:
Hash browns were grossly packed with oil.I got their new specialty item of waffle croissant which was supposed to be crunchy light and fluffy. The reality was nowhere near that. It was flat, chewy, gummy, and some of the worst food I have ever given to me in my life. I politely said it wasn't crispy and asked if she would bring me two pancakes instead, so I could put the filling and stuff on those if desired. She insistently refused and then took the entire plate away from me and then brought me two pancakes with a bunch of the ingredients that were supposed to be on my croissant waffle thing, but there was way too much of some ingredients like caramel sauce and almost no banana so it was intensely over sweet. Plus, my pancake was really dark brown and awful. 
The bacon was requested extra crispy and came out mostly soft and floppy.
I would never come back. The next day we are at The Ruby Slipper and it was *amazing*I tried to get coffee here. What a waste of time. This is the kind of place that makes you mad you wasted your time even going in there. 
There are plenty of other places in New Orleans to get crappy service and crappier pancakes.The food was good.  When we walked in we were seated immediately.  The place was relatively clean. The carpet could use some cleaning. The waitress Lennell was very friendly. She took care of us and the other patrons near by.El peor servicio , que he visto en mi vida está en este Restaurant , tuvimos el error de entrar y ordenar , estaban vacías las mesas , ni quien se acercara a atendernos, nuestra orden tardó casi una hora solo dos platos, y eso porque nos vieron molestos, la mesera jamás se volvió a preguntar si necesitábamos algo más , jamás vuelvo!!Breakfast with family..  Horrible parking in the area is to be expected. The service provided from our waitress was phenomenal! She messed up one order but that was no biggy. There was some pretty sloppy plating coming from the kitchen. I didn't even take a picture of the rest of my table'e food. However, everything was good. We enjoyed ourselves and went on our way.I remember that IHOP is not the best food out there but I really forgot that it SUCKS that much!!! Very terrible food! We stopped by late night for a bite and I order the original pancakes... They were horrible, falling apart, no taste or texture! Very disappointed. The sausage were dry & terrible looked like been cooked for a week, I wish I took a picture to post here.
Service was very good though. IHOP, if u want people to stop by please try and work on the food qualityCustomer service is absolutely horrible. I ordered to go because waiting for a table for just one is longer than a table for 15. I ordered my food at 12.08pm right now it's already 12.38pm...trying to figure out how much longer for a Coffee and 2 eggs...at the end I got something completely different from what I ordered and no lid for my coffee cup...We went here because it was the nearest breakfast place we can go to that was beside our hotel and thought that you cannot miss at an iHop. 
I thought wrong.
I definitely agree with most of the yelp reviewers - 
We waited 10 minutes before our server came, they were out of bananas so I did not get my bananas foster and the place was smelly and dirty. 
Go someplace else. Not worth it.To end our 4th of July, we decide to have an easy dinner at IHOP. Thankfully, it wasn't too crowded and the wait for our food was surprisingly quick! 
I ordered the Split Decision Breakfast which comes with quite the variety of breakfast foods. Two eggs(served the way you request), two sausages, two pieces of bacon, two pieces of french toast, and two butter pancakes. Everything tasted great. The eggs(I chose scrambled) were fluffy, sausages and bacon were cooked perfectly, french toast and pancakes were delish. All of that for $9.99! It is a big serving size with a great variety of foods so when in doubt, definitely choose this one. 
IHOP itself isn't the most classy place so don't expect the best but it is still a great restaurant to visit, super cheap too!Wish I would give 3 1/2 stars. Expect your typical IHOP. Not sure what other reviewers were expecting! We were seated immediately, waitress was nice and food was good. The reason im not rating this place higher- Our food was brought out in about 20 minutes minus the pancakes. The pancakes weren't ready, 15 minutes after we were done with our food, the pancakes came out. How does the international house of pancakes run out of pancakes? Overall decent visit, I would go again if in the area but they need to get their sh** together on the whole pancake thing.Came here for a post-party hangover brunch after Halloween while staying at a nearby hotel and it hit the spot.  Nothing fancy,  but staff did a good job at accommodating our group of 15 and brought the food out quickly.Totally disappointing experience.  Food was barely warm and my wife's meal was inedible.  The manager's solution was to give us a 10% military discount on the check, neither of us is in the military.Wanted an affordable brunch our second day in New Orleans so opted for iHop. Our server, Charlie was very friendly, personable and helpful. I ordered a Colorado Omelet and my friend got Split Decision (scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage and French toast). We both got coffee, too. Our food came out in a good amount of time. The kitchen messed up so we got extra pancakes to take with us. The only thing that would've made my food better is if there was sour cream but they ran out. Overall, not a bad meal for $16 each.This restaurant has a very limited  menu.  The restaurant smells like pee.  Not great wait staff eitherI was surprised by the low ratings for this IHOP.  I was in the Quarter in business and stopped in for Breakfast in a. Saturday around 0645.  Service was great and the food was your basic eggs, bacon, hash browns and pancakes.    My waitress was attentive and pleasant, what more do you want?  I enjoyed my breakfast and would certainly return to dine here again.The food was good, but service was something else. I ordered a crepe without mushrooms, which I received with mushrooms. Also, when we received food there was no silverware at the table. We asked for silverware and it took several minutes to get it to us.Riiight, IHOP... Shitty pancakes, cheap prices. The end.This particular Ihop has some service issues most certainly!  The service was extremely slow,the eggs were overcooked, the stingy amount of hashbrowns were almost burnt,the pancakes and french toast were very good though.We had to exchange silverware twice due to food on the "clean" utensils. The bathrooms don't have working door lock's on the stahl's,there was no soap luckily I had hand sanitizer!  The paper towel were just sitting on the sink getting soaked, yuk !! I really like Ihop, just not this one !!!Horrible .    Went there for dinner however, I ordered breakfast .  Had 3 different wait staffers and apparently there was some confusion on who was going to take our order. I ordered 2 eggs, hash browns , ham and toast .  There were only 3 tables of customers .  After 40 minutes out came my ' order'.  I received 2 eggs one bite of ham ( which was lunch meat ] and pancakes. Tell the waitress that it wasn't my order . She said yes it was and told me they ran out of hash browns .  Umm. It's a BREAKFAST restaurant . Asked about the ham as well.  They ran out of that too. So they used a slice of ham that is on a sandwich.  ..Can you give a zero? They want to charge me for a cup of water?!!  They did not have a full menu so I could not get my classic crepe. I'm frustrated and pissed. The server was excellent but the owner/manager needs to revisit why they are in business!Ordered the Tuscan scramble with red potatoes and onions and taste.  Eggs were so fluffy and the spinach, peppers and potatoes were just what I was craving. Buttered toast with grape jelly just the right breakfast after a 4 mile walk around town.
Also got a free short stack of the original pancakes from a promotion they had going on!!! Sweet deal!!Food seems like it was pre made in the back and just waiting under heating lamps. Ordered food it was out in like 5 minutes if even that pretty sketchy and the eggs were not even hot...Offered a free short stack with my check in on yelp but the manager at this location denied it since we didn't print it out. How can I print it out from my phone at my table in IHOP??!?If you can't find a place for breakfast in NOLA FQ, or you wake up too late to have it somewhere else, this is the place to go.We had a good dining experience here!  We arrived around 7AM on Easter morning, there was not a lot of people there.  Our waitress was very nice and attentive.  We didn't have to ask for refills and the food was warm and fresh!  The restaurant was clean . . overall great breakfast!if there was LESS THAN ONE STAR?   I would choose that... I am actually going to start with the women's bathroom... yep.....  when one opens the door and the floor is filthy and there is no soap... one is in trouble.     That means employees ALSO aren't using soap to wash their hands.... Call me OCD, but the mind does play such games...  plus it smelled and just needed a 2 hour SCRUB DOWN... This is a 24 hour restaurant.... so there is TIME to CLEAN this, many times.... during that 24 hours!  Hubby said the men's was also a nightmare...
FOOD?  unappetizing... I ordered a side salad and got some lettuce... and then on the side in two bowls I had chopped tomatoes and then chopped onions.. Hello, I didn't order tacos???  The chicken parmesan?  I know, how could I have been THAT stupid... Enough said.   SCAREY looking....
Husband ordered something turkey and it looked like someone through ten things in a blender, and then put it on top of some weird looking dressing thing.   Mashed potatoes literally came straight from the fridge.. they were COLD!!!!!
Back in the day IHOP was awesome.  At least the ones in the Chicago area.... Keep walking past this one.... DO NOT STOP, DO NO PASS G0!This place is horrible... service is awful food doesn't come out for 45 mins and not right  they don't ask if you need refills on your drinks . If I could give negative stars that's what the deserveThere are only 2 good things here...Penelope and Stephanie. Thats it. Other than if you enjoy a good fist fight on a saturday night will every hip hop wanna-be scumbag in New Orleans ..by all means this could be your place!Surprised to see all the negative reviews. We initially went to the Ruby Slipper down the st to eat, but the wait time was 2 hours. Needless to say, we declined that wait and made the walk to ihop. When we arrived, we were afraid that the wait time would be the same as the other place. The outside and waiting areas were equally as crowded as it was at the Ruby Slipper. Much to our surprise, we went on and checked in and were warned of only a 15-20 minute wait. We were amazed at that as the crowd waiting was as big or bigger than a place that had a 2 hour wait. 
We waited and sure enough, right at around 18 mins or so we were escorted to our table. I don't typically do the large chain restaurants, but this location was clearly more prepared to handle a large crowd than the other place. 
The service was excellent. Our server was very friendly, the service was fast and efficient. She even threw in free hash browns for the entire table which was a nice touch.The food was very good and we were fully satisfied with everything about our experience here. 
This ihop is only 2 blocks down from the Ruby Slipper. For anyone who doesn't wan't to wait for 2 hours at the Ruby Slipper, definitely make the 2 block walk to this location. You won't regret it.Well the food is what you expect it to be. The problem is the manager at this location, i did not get his name. I did keep my receipt to remember the date and time i was there March 26th at 3:03 pm hopefully the staff at IHOP reads this review, because it would help to have a better atmosphere at this location,  the man was yelling at the staff in front of the customers, he is very rude and made my lunch very uncomfortable, i felt bad for the staff. If you are paying for your meal you should be able to eat quietly and in a relaxed atmosphere. I ate nad got out of there as soon as possible.Horrible service, really hostile waitresses. Asked her for decaf then changed our mind and asked her for normal and that really upset her. Then asked for a straw and she said "cant you see i'm busy?" well you are s waitress you are always busy and the straw didnt have to be at that second!STAY AWAY if you like your health. 
This was the absolute worst food/service I have ever had.  Our server was extremely disrespectful and rude the entire time.  Messed up our drink orders and got upset with us when we asked her about our drinks. 
Ordered chicken fingers....took on bite and they were absolutely RAW, completely uncooked and solid PINK throughout. It's a wonder I didn't get food poisoning.  My friends eggs also had a hair in them. 
Although I give props to the manager, he sorted out the problem quickly and professionally.  The wait staff is a different story however.Avoid this IHOP location at all costs! It might be tempting because of its location on Canal Street, particularly if you're a tourist. But the service is terrible. 
When we dined in, the place smelled like dirty dishwasher. The service was slow, despite us being the only ones there (at night). The food is what you'd expect from an IHOP. 
However, we actually got worse service when we ordered food for pickup. When I placed the order over the phone, I was told to pick it up in about 20 minutes. We arrive about 20 minutes later, and they haven't even started the order! On top of that, there was NO ONE in the restaurant, and 3 staff members just standing around. When we explained that we called ahead, they finally got started on the order, which took an additional 30 minutes. 
While we were waiting, I saw a waitress in the kitchen playing on her phone and another waiting eating food and handling it without gloves. We finally received the order and paid, and by the time we had gotten home to eat, we found that they completely got the order wrong. I ordered a BLT sandwich with avocado, and what was missing was the avocado, the whole point of the dish. 
How a staff can provide such poor quality service despite having only a few customers at a time is beyond me. Now I understand why this IHOP is usually empty despite being in such a busy part of the city. This location is poorly managed, the service is terrible, and the staff look like they'd rather be anywhere else and give you attitude. It was that pickup experience that pushed me to never eat at this IHOP again. 
If you're in the New Orleans area and really want IHOP, drive out to Metairie. Trust me, it's worth it to avoid this dump.It's a very busy weekend in Nola with parades  and all star weekend. U would think the server staff would have been on they top game. I ordered a simple breakfast and a dr pepper...  I got my food and everything was cooked well and the waiter was very polite, but before I could even eat my first egg he had done brought me the check and never offered to refill my dr pepper I waited 20 mins with empty glass  all other servers walked by and never asked or even let him no my glass was empty... Eating French toast with nothing to drink  is not a good experience  so when the tip is  he will know empty glass no tipWe stopped in there this morning for breakfast, we were not excited about it at all, but it was closet thing open.  To our surprise the food was very good and the waitress Breion? was great!!Can't rate the food here as I was never served!   The restaurant was about half full and I was seated by an unfriendly hostess at a dirty table and given a menu.  Servers passed me by, and some even made eye contact, but no one stopped to take my order.  After 15 minutes, I got up and walked out the door and down the street to McDonalds.   Even though this location is in a tourist area, I expect better service, or at least some service.   What a terrible place this is.AWFUL!! Stay away from this place. Went yesterday morning-last meal/breakfast before hitting the road back to H-Town. There were only 2 other tables filled with customers. The table we were given was dirty. Crumbs all over the booth's seats and table was sticky. Menus were dirty and sticky. We literally sat down and barely opened the nasty menus and this surly waitress appears I ordered coffee and water and my daughter ordered water. The waitress glared at us because we weren't ready to order food then stomped off. I paid for the undrunk pot of coffee and we walked out. Awful place the absolute worst IHOP ever.We arrived for dinner around 7:30 pm and waited in a near empty restaurant for our meal for almost an hour. When the food arrived it was lukewarm, the eggs were overcooked, and hash browns were missing from two of our meals. We asked the server for our hash browns. He brought them, swimming in grease.Worst ever. Think the servers are right out of a prison courtyard. Sad. The food? Prisons probably offer better fare.I have lived in and or visited all but 5 of the United States. Yes I have been to many I-Hop locations. When on vacation I normally will not go to a chain I can visit at home. My daughter wanted I HOP for her birthday. What are Daddy's for, This was THE WORST FOOD EXPERIENCE EVER. There were enough of us at the table, they added a tip to the bill. The food was terrible and the service was worse. The Hostess or Manager was the only one in the place who seemed pleasant at all, it was not enough to carry the rest. The only place in New Orleans where I felt uncomfortable or like I was a bother.Very busy place for a Saturday mornings but food was just like any other ihop our waitress was very nice. Food took a little long getting to us but it was very busy at the time. But the bathrooms beware!!! I steps one foot in there and turned around it was gross!!I ordered the Swedish crepes with 4 slices of bacon and scrambled eggs. Service was little slow. The order was wrong initially (hash browns came instead of bacon), they fixed that. Bacon was good, crepes were good, nothing special. The eggs were, if possible, below room temperature. Didn't want to waste the time sending 'em back, after already doing it once. Said "thank you" to the waitress twice that she didn't respond. Minor, sure, but it's kind of a pet peeve of mine - if someone says thank you, say "you're welcome." It doesn't hurt, and it might help your tip. You don't go to New Orleans for IHOP, but this one is a little short of their usual standards.How can you go wrong grabbing breakfast at IHOP?
Answer ... go to the IHOP in New Orleans on Canal street.
Service was horrendous. Resembled a boisterous family reunion as the staff huddled up front and carried on loud conversations.
Had to almost set my hair on fire to get a beverage refill!
Ordered an omelet, was luke warm and had an odd stale taste. How in the world can you mess up an omelet??? They can.
Even before my food arrived, the server dropped my tab at the table. Talk about wanting to get rid of the customer.
Here is the kicker ... after the abysmal experience which totaled $11 and change, I put a $20 bill down, The server came by and asked if I wanted the change!!!! Are you for real ... a $9 tip??? I was laughing to the point of tears. 
Quick summary, go somewhere else unless the above is what you are looking for in a dining experience.We dined at IHOP daily while we were in New Orleans! I really enjoyed our server! She was a beautiful young waitress who had only been serving for a few days! She was very attentive and very nice! She made Nutella crepes without the bananas and got it right on the first time.The temperature of the restaurant was hotter than the temp of my gravy.  The gravy was like water.From a tourist that lives in FL-DON'T WASTE YOUR time, appetite and lil money! Service is hecka slow, it looks like they are doing you a favor. Go have breakfast in a local owned and operated place please. I would give zero stars.The hubby and I were looking for a quick meal decided to stop here. Ordered The Dbl Monster Cheeseburger and the Tuscan Scramble. This is probably one of the worst Tuscan Scrambles Ive ever had. The eggs were runny. Almost as if they loaded it with water. Never again.  The burger was pretty good.Giving this location a star is giving it too much. 
I am in management, so knowing when things get he rice and backup, you work with your team a shell them achieve greatness. 
We arrived at this location with 2people ahead of us. Several people had walked out dissatisfied, but we weren't there yet.   There were about 4 servers on staff. Know one acknowledged you'd were even standing there. 
We were finally seated and shortly told that there was a hour and 1/2 behind in kitchen. 
We left and went to Causeway location. FAST SERVICE AND VERY PLEASED.Absolute worst IHOP experience I have ever had. None of the tables were clean--had to ask for them to be wiped down before we sat down. Placed our orders, but the food that arrived was not what we ordered. Apparently the kitchen ran out of ingredients and made substitutions without asking anyone at the table for altering the orders. Very greasy, too cheesy, essentially inedible. Worst of all, we did not receive silverware until 10 minutes after our food was delivered to our table! So our food was essentially cold by the time we could "enjoy" it. Do not waste your time at this establishment--there are better managed IHOPs (hopefully) in this city. I would give this zero stars if I could.Food was good , but service was lacking ( looked like a shortage of staff). In all it was ok.Horrible! Attempted to have a light "breakfast for dinner" here the night before the marathon last year and it was a FAIL! Waited an hour, the food never came, so we left and ate pretzles from the CVS across the street. FEH!Whoa, when did IHOP get a five page menu??? 
Its the International House of Pancakes folks. Keep the coffee coming and Let me power through work as I succumb to these banana pancakes and sticky syrups. Bill Cosby had it right when he gave his daughter cake for breakfast. Yeah!IHOP is what it is but is IHOP was below whatever that is!
Service.  Poor.  Kind of checked in once.  Was two waters short. Overall the waitress just wasn't very pleasant!
Food.  Fairly standard.  With the exception that the eggs were not cooked correctly except for the scrambled eggs.  With IHOP you would at least think they could get the eggs correct.  
Cleanliness.  Non Existent.   Silverware was all dirty.  Maple Syrups were all dirty.  The place did not smell all that pleasant.  Exterior sidewalk was also very dirty.  
I wouldn't go again and would advise you to avoid if possible!I had a great experience here. Ordered a spanish omelet! Loved it:) The staff was very nice.Don't go to the IHOP. The waiter I had was very slow in taking orders, she got my order wrong and when my food came to me my eggs liked like it was played over. The place was over packed with people. They had people bunched up some wheelchair people can get by and eat.We just go into town and we were super confused about where to eat. It was a bit overwhelming. So we came to this IHOP to eat breakfast and we had the very best waiter we have ever had at an IHOP.  His name was Troy.  He helped with places to go and eat.  Extremely kind and respectful young man!   It was an extremely great encounter.   Ask for Troy if you ever come to this IHOP to eat.  You will be very happy!  And you will know where to go next!!!Couldn't give a -Star review!! Same as usual for every IHOP I have walked into for the last two years, NO STAFF AND WAITS THAT BLOW YOUR MIND! What doesn't this place get about having a front door hostess to take your names to be seated? Don't even wast your time here. They have closed three locations near Mobile and it the same in New Orleans.Good food.
Good service. Can't add anything else.
I ordered mash potatoes with steak tips.
It tasted great.
I know New Orleans is fish place but I am not really fish person so I hope worked great
We had to wait for food some extended time and it was not too busy and our food was brought to us not at the same time. Some of us almost finished eating when rest of us got foodWe had breakfast at this IHOP located conveniently, just 2 blocks from the Sheraton hotel. Customer service was quite good. We ordered the Veggie Omelette with hash browns and toast. Even though we were starving, the two of us could finish just 90% of it. It seemed they had used 5-6 eggs - it was huge! We were totally stuffed! All for around $10 - a great deal, specially in downtown New Orleans where most places charge a 20-30% premium on food. I would highly recommend this IHOP. Works out great if you are on a budget and willing to share.Waited an hour for food. Everyone in the restaurant was getting upset. Server was nice and rating isn't about her. Blame poor management cause only 1 cook on a Saturday ?Miss me with this IHOP.
So there's an IHOP employee standing at the door , ostensibly to open it.... that's been my experience in the past at other IHOPs but did she open that door? Nope. I had to reach around her to open it for myself.
My party was seated near the door, so I sat down at our table where a water and an empty plate awaited me (kudos for that, i guess) and called over the only waitress I saw to ask for a menu. Ok cool.
They don't do half portions. I don't eat 5 slices of anything at 1 sitting. My waitress was not helpful in figuring out a way to make my breakfast happen. Once my kid menu portions with grown up fixings arrived, of course they were cold. I was not surprised.
All that aside, the most insulting part of my dining experience wasn't even my experience. Another group was seated while I was waiting on my order and I kid you not their waitress walked up and asked them "Are ya'll gonna eat?"
No, I'm sure they came in for the excellent service. 
"Are ya'll gonna eat?" Was she serious? I dont' even have words for what would've happened if I had been asked that.
Save yourself, just say NO.Wow. This IHOP was a perfect place to eat after a long trip from Oxford to New Orleans. Getting into the city late limited our options for dinner. This IHOP refueled us and gave us the energy to explore the city. Although you probably won't find this IHOP listed on top attractions of New Orleans, it's a great late night option that you should keep in mind.The first night I ate there I asked what kind of soup they had as I felt I was coming down with a cold and my throat was sore.  The waitress, I believe her name was Ianna or something similar, got right in my face (quite literally) saying there is only one soup; the potato one.  I pointed on the menu that there is also a soup of the day  to which she got confrontational/argumentative about.  So I ordered a breakfast.  I ordered one off the menu that contained 2 eggs, 2 pancakes, hash browns and ham, for $6.99.  I upgraded the pancakes to pumpkin ones.  When I got my food it was all over cooked and it was bacon not ham.  In the meantime I had noticed the "table tent" my exact breakfast was on special for $4.99.  When I got my bill I was charged $7.99 for my breakfast and a $2.59 for upgraded pancakes.  I brought this to the attention of the waitress who again got very loud, in my face and confrontational about it.  I could not believe her reaction/attitude as she leaned in toward me, her hands steadying herself on the table her face a few inches from mine.  Very intimidating, she was.  So I sat there a while trying to scan for a manager.  I couldn't find one.  There also was obviously some dispute going on between my waitress and another with them saying things loudly to one another throughout  the restaurant.  So I paid my bill, well over $14 for what should have been at least $3 less and quite possibly more like $5 or $6 less, left the waitress an insult of a tip, (15 cents).  I never felt so intimidated or even threatened by a waitress before.  (I really felt that if given the chance she would have physically pummeled me.)
Their only saving grace is I went there the next morning for breakfast (convenient to hotel) and I had a kind, friendly, wonderful, polite waitress.  Got me what I wanted without a long wait or anything overcooked and definitely no arguments.
They need to get rid of staff like Ianna and from the looks of other reviews I am not alone in the overcharged category.  It seems they make up their prices as conditions call.This place was so bad it was funny. Walked in and the restaurant was not even a quarter full and the hostess told us "it would be a while" for a table. Walked past 10 open and clean booths to sit at a table in the back corner that smelled like cat pee. There was 1 excellent server who was feisty and hilarious (the reason I'm giving this place 2 stars) and the rest were just walking around clueless. Needless to say, food took forever. They didn't have milk. Messed up some of order a bit. Whatever. Fine for a late night drunk munch if you've got a lot of time on your hands.OK, I am updating my review.....just had another Sunday breakfast with friends and it was a good experience. Food was very good, service was also excellent, and this time the bathrooms were clean! Still leaving them at 3 stars but that is A-OK. I will also mention again that they give you a ton of food! 4 people for breakfast and we got out for $40 with tip.Less than 1 star.....this place is nasty...they abide by the ..."who you know" rule. They are real cool with each other but they care nothing about their customers...this place is filthy and I'd rather eat some place else.My group of 5 came to eat here at 9 in the morning.  We were seated immediately and waited on promptly.  The food came out in a timely manner and was tasty-comparable to every other IHOP I have been to.  The restaurant was clean and the service was great.This the worst IHOP I have ever eaten at ,food was cold,order wrong and manager was not helpful. 
If in New Orleans do not go here for breakfast there are better places to eat while in the Big EasyCame here even though I read the bad reviews. My son insisted we give it a chance. I ordered the cheesecake pancakes and he ordered the kids Mac n cheese. My son loves Mac n cheese, but one fork full and he was spitting it out. He said it tasted weird and I thought he was overreacting. I took a bite and reluctantly swallowed. It tasted like it was going bad. I tell our server this and she takes the bowl, saying she'll talk to the cook. She comes back a while later and asks if we want to replace the Mac n cheese. I tell her no because I had already let my son have my pancakes. First- kids up to 12 years old are supposed to have a free meal with an adult's entree order. Second- we didn't even eat the kid's meal because it was bad. But she still wanted to charge us for it. I asked her to take it off and she said that they can't do that. I asked to speak to her manager and the manager took it off without a problem. I will say the pancakes were very good. Aside from that, the server was not helpful and the mac was disgusting.it was aiight. that's it pretty basic, nothing special. Your typical generic ihop, has a weird smell when i went but other than that. It was alright.This is what it is. A chain breakfast place that is unusually busy on days when nothing else is open. 
Had eggs, toast sausage,wife Had an omelette. We were charged extra for the cheese on her omelet even though menu specified it came with it.They didn't have grits on the menu but our waitress made sure we had some grits. Way to make it happen Erica! Food was cooked good and for the amount of people inside our service was relatively quick.New Orleans is so full of good food, you might ask why the heck I went here. Well, see, my friends and I were very tipsy and very much needed carbs. So we came here late at night to order some carbs and fats to go. We were not tipsy enough for me to forget or forgive going here. The food was ok. The service was awful. The cashier couldn't seem to understand what we wanted (and we were not slurring our words!) She told us that she was out of change in the cash register, without further explaining that that meant that you would not be getting any change! Never again.Came here for a quick breakfast to start our day. Was not greeted by anyone, but instead had an employee grab 2 menus, and had us assume we were to follow her to sit down.  Was not in the mood for a game of charades that morning. Seemed like the waitress had forceable niceness and didn't want to be there. Wasn't rude directly towards us, but definitely wasn't welcoming. 
We both ordered scrambled eggs but received sunny side up, but would definitely not return the food due to the feeling it would be sabotaged. 
Waited for our check, and when we finally received it, it appeared no one wanted to accept our payment. 
If you want a quick breakfast this will do it, but do not expect quality service from a popular restaurant chain in a tourist city.We were in NOLA the 1st week of July.  We went to this IHOP twice.  The first time was just myself, husband and  our daughter.  Food was good, service/waitress was good.  The second time we went we had to wait 15-20 minutes - understandable.  Essence Fest was just starting and they were very busy.  We had 2 additional people joining us this time.  We received our drinks and placed our order.  45 minutes later, after seeing later tables receive their meals, we had to flag down our waitress, to see where our meal was.  She claimed the business, but after pointing out that others were receiving their meals, she would "check on it".  An hour and a half later we still hadn't received our meal -  later tables had already eaten and left, new tables had ordered and received their meals.  We complained to the manager on duty, said she'd check and we never saw her again.  After close to 2 hours, my husband finally got up to fill his drink himself and came back with 2 bugs in his drink.  At that point, we left without ever having eaten.  Had we not been with terrific company and conversation, we never would have tolerated waiting that long, and we were also trying to understand the festival going on, but it was quite obvious our ethnicity may have had something to do with it.Worst restaurant experience ever. Terrible service, food order was wrong, staff was rude, not very clean, filthy bathrooms with some staff member in the stall screaming at someone on their cell phone. It was a nightmare.Waited about ten minutes for a table. Were told they were short handed in the back but at one point I counted 15 staff members in the front of the house. We ordered and waited approximately 1 hour 20 minutes for our food. That is a crazy amount of time for IHOP. Disappointed and will never return if in New Orleans again. Also told the manager and he offered an apology..... no thanks.Food: Average. Not terrific, but also not horrible. Pancakes were over done. Hash browns could have been crispier. Eggs were eggs, pretty impossible to mess those up. Fruit was from a frozen bag, but the melon was fresh. It took about 30 minutes to receive our food, but the appetizers were out very quickly. Mozzarella sticks were on point. 
Staff: manager was rude to his customers. Seemed like he was having a bad night. Anyway, no excuse to treat anyone like that. The waitress and hostess were polite. Helped is order a and sat us quickly. 
Overall, I don't recommend it of you have time for something better. We came here because everything else was so packed that late at night in new Orleans. We won't be back lolThis place is dirty, staff is high or drunk, and food is terrible. Under cooked  eggs, under cooked French toast, and reheated bacon in the fryer. The service was a joke, it took over 30 minutes to get our food. Oh, and the coffee was barely warm. The sad thing is, they were not busy. So Im guessing all of this is a lack of management or lack of management skills. Either way, this place is horrible. DO NOT EAT HERE.The second IHOP in the nation operating in an urban setting.  It's IHOP, so there's not much more to say regarding food quality.  The fact that it opened recently may help to explain our absolutely clueless waitress.  Also, extremely noisy.
Open 24 hours so it may be a good stop after drinking heavily or for late night study snacks.We stumbled upon this location since the Ruby Slipper up the street had a 30 minute wait and we were getting hangry. I'm not a big fan of chain restaurants, however desperate times call for desperate measures - especially after  a night of heavy drinking. We were seated quickly and given menus, and the BF tried to order a shake to get the hangover treatment started. Unfortunately for him, the milkshake machine was broken, and apparently had been for a while. Instead of flipping the table, he decided a nice glass of OJ would sort him out. 
As a foreigner, tourist and yelp elitist bitch I was surprised and disappointed to find that this IHOP - a big corporate chain had no wifi. WTF? I feel like in a touristy area like the French Quarter it should be mandatory for restaurants and hotels to have free wifi, its like having interac and accepting all major credit cards, why wouldn't you?? How am I going to ignore everyone at my table while I eat? Do you actually expect us to talk to each other when we could so easily just text back and forth with Facebook messenger? How am I going to check in on Yelp? How will I find my way without google maps? You don't want me to carry one of those paper fold up things with directions on them do you? That would make me an obvious target as a tourist, not this giant SLR camera bag and fanny pack I am toting around.
My breakfast arrived, I had the veggie omelet with hash, however when I asked for hot sauce I was given a bottle of Tabasco sauce. For those of you who have just joined us, I am in the southern state of Louisiana where hot sauce is a lifestyle. Tabasco sauce??? Srsly? The only watering my eyes will get from this breakfast is going to be when I start crying because my mouth is NOT on fire. Overall the service was good, the place was so clean I almost got a bleach headache, but my experience was rather disappointing, next time I might have to suck it up and wait the 30 minutes up the street.Worst IHOP I have ever been at. It took the waitress to forever to come and take our order. After we ordered, she came back in about 15 min and told us they were out of crepes. Then we waited another 20 min for our food and decided to leave since we could not spot any waiters let alone ours. Horrible experience. Avoid!First of all they don't serve a glass of water... After driving for hours, and walking canal they charge you a $1.50 for a bottle of water to sit in their restaurant. The wait staff of which there were 4 of at the entrance had to decide in front of us which would 'have to' seat us. We were greeted by our waiter who was helpful, but it didn't help that the booth next to us smelled like piss. Our order was taken quickly and the food came out quickly, but the eggs were not all the way cooked. After eating we waited for an additional 15 minutes before we flagged down another waitress to get our check. We paid and left... Never to hopefully return.I just walked into this IHOP with my mother and asked the host where the restroom was, he told us, but when we got there we needed a code. When we asked, another employee interjected (while sitting at a booth eating) and said it's out of order, so we asked "both of them" and he says sarcastically says yes. Now there's no sign that says the bathroom is out of order, and if you don't offer the restroom to regular patrons then SAY that. You don't represent a company in that manner, unless that's how IHOP trains there employees.saw a mouse and our waiter laughed at us when we pointed it out, it was at 3am so probably not the best time to be there, but still so grossTruly one of the worst iHops I've been to. 
Omelette small and very over cooked dry. 
Pancakes over cooked and dry. 
Service Not Friendly at all!This place is slow! The bathrooms are disgusting. It look nice on the inside but it's not nice overall. The kitchen is slow. Nobody seems to care around here. Waiting 1 hour just to eat is crazy. Don't go hereWent there last night and it was absolutely horrible. Not much of a line but we waited 20-30mins to be seated then another hour to get food. We asked the lady to right my order down but she said she had it. My order came out wrong three times. The service was absolutely ridiculous. Staff was standing around, two were in the kitchen dancing instead of cooking. I've never seen anything like this before.I normally don't like to make a fuss but this is the worst ihop I hAve ever been to. Where do I start when I came in no one greeted us. When we finally got our table it took the waiter forever to bring us a menu skip ahead to our food after it took a 50 minutes I asked for my eggs scrambled with cheese and they just scramble them and slapped a piece of cheese on it and our food was cold as hell after it took that long to get it..... also I had a dirty fork and burnt hash brownsWhere do I even start? They are like impressively incompetent. They are famous for their bad food and bad service combo here. Everyday on special! By going here, you will now know what a ZERO on a "0-10" scale is 
- took 30mins to get our order in
- another 45 before it came out
- my friend ordered a sandwich, and then there was a random banana slice in it.
- my other friend was served an over easy egg that was already broken with brunt hashbrowns and sausges, the waitress even asked if it was "too" burnt.
- we ordered water, never came in
- The new eggs replacing the broken eggs were undercooked, imagine that, it looks terrifying.
- I ordered chicken waffles and hashbrowns...they forgot to serve me my chicken and waffles and asked if that was all i was going to eat after serving me JUST  the hashbrowns.
- lastly when we ordered coffee...we got a giant pitcher labeled decaf.
- manager was going to adjust our bill, but decided not to
#yayIf I could give NO STARS I WOULD. Worst service I have ever experienced at any IHOP. First of all.... my eggs and hash browns came out 45 minutes before my pancakes. When asking the waitress what was the hold up, she stated that there was a backup on To go orders. At this point I was confused as to why someone who is dining in has to wait for to go orders. She expressed to me that it was her first day and she didn't know the kitchen yet and I just sympathized with her... still.. pancakeless... eventually I asked another waitress if we could speak to the manager and she said that the manager was the one making the pancakes and they were understaffed.. but she would send her over... this manager was notified four times between the two waitresses and never came out to speak with us. Then pancakes were delivered to my table that were overdone aka burnt and she still didn't come over!!! Being an out of town guest, I will never come back to this establishment again. Unorganized, understaffed, unfriendly, bad food.The food was consistent with IHOPS all over the country but the service wasnt great,  I swear,  the waitress has been at the job too long, I hope she realizes she needs to move onThe wait was much longer than we expected and we eventually ran out of water. Every time our waiter passed our table, he didn't check up on us once. We got another waiter's attention and asked him for more water and he said he'd bring us some and he never did. Once we got our food, it was pretty disappointing. It was too sweet and my friend's ham omelette barely had any meat in it. We won't come here again.This IHOP is the WORST IHOP I've been to in my life. Server was TERRIBLE and took like 30 minutes to get us our drinks. Then, he got into an argument with me about my order when it came out wrong. My boyfriend didn't even get his food.. guess they forgot to make it. Overall, this place has terrible service and the servers (at least mine) don't know how to act. Try somewhere else if you want a nice quick breakfast!!Sure, I was in New Orleans.  You don't go to IHOP.  I get it.
We spent the day traveling on the Amtrak Crescent train from Birmingham and arrived on the later side.  It was already after 8 and the French Quarter was in full force on a Saturday night.  After perusing a few menus and discovering nothing to our liking, we spotted the neon sign of IHOP on Canal Street.
Service was quick and friendly.  I went all out and had chili with a chicken fried steak.  The mashed potatoes were cold, but the broccoli and main course were steaming hot.
The highlight of the meal, though, was watching a group of college kids come in -- two of them (a guy and a girl) looked like they were wrestling (and he was clearly winning).  I soon realized that she couldn't move and he was supported her.  Then I heard the puke.  Good thing it was when we were leaving.
The IHOP staff didn't miss a beat; they must see this ALL the time.So weird to say this IHOP was delicious! I got the vegetable omelet and wow I was surprised how good it was with alot of veggies in the omelet. Staff was ok I had to ask a few times to get ketchup and creamers for my coffee but otherwise overall happy.I wish I could say it was horrific, but that is generous. This was by far the worst IHOP experience in the world. I only stayed because I love IHOP scrambled eggs and I was starving. 
So, we walk in and go to the counter and the MANAGER (they refused to give me her name but it is some variation of Chrystal or Christine or something like that...ill edit when I get it... Interrupts my brother who is on crutches as he asks for a table... She cuts him off and says "Uh, sit over there and wait" and points to the sitting area. That was rude but whatever, we go and sit. I look in the dining area and it is pretty empty. There are at least 7 empty tables and booths... But the manager just keeps yapping and playing with her nails... There are servers all over playing with their phones and doing nothing... The bussers were working hard though...
Another lady walks in and is also directed to the seating area. We all sit there for about 20 minutes and the other lady goes to the counter... A server says "oh! Yeah there are plenty of tables. Come sit." and seats her. So, we are also taken to sit... We sit and wait for 10 minutes... Table is filthy, by the way, and servers are just walking around playing with their hair and phones. Our server Alan comes over... "what Yall want to drink?" I order as fruit punch and my brother orders a coffee "with some milk instead of creamer". We then say we are ready to order. He says "not yet." and walks off.... Wtf? 
He comes back with the drinks... Coffee for my brother and a huge glass of milk. My brother starts to say "i just wanted milk for the coffee" but Alan is gone. He also spilled the milk and stuff all over the already filthy table. There are also no utensils or Napkins. He leaves for another ten minutes. 
He comes back and we tell him we didn't want Aa big thing of milk, just the splash for the coffee. "ooooh. Sureee", Alan says, as he turns around and giggles with some coworkers that were laughing... I dont know what they thought... That we were trying to steal milk? Anyway he stops laughing and takes our order. I wanted sausage instead of the ham. Alan says he understands. I want scrambled eggs. The nice fluffy IHOP scrambled eggs. Alan understands. He goes off, singing loudly. Now, I love flamboyance, but please save it if you can't be flamboyant AND efficient at taking an IHOP order properly.
THIRTY FIVE MINUTES LATER Alan brings our food. No ham substitute for me. I remind Alan and he rolls his eyes. "oh... Ok. Fine." and he comes back with bacon. I didn't even say anything... It's fine. Alan runs away again. Five minutes later I get up to flag him down and ask for silverware. He goes to the counter and rolls two Silverware things and brings them, along with the check. Mind you we haven't even Started eating. 
So, we eat on the gross table.... The scrambled eggs are awful... Like someone just cracked an egg and pushed it around. (pic included) and then under my hash Browns I notice that my plate was dirty... It has some cheesy stuff stuck on it. I was so through. My brother got some crepe thing filled with bacon and said it was disgusting... He got some crepes and Nutella to go. 
On the way out in asked some server what the managers name was and she started to say some variation of Chrystal but another server shushed her and asked why I was asking. Then the manager came out and the server yelled "that girl over there wanted to know your name!" the manager asked "what you want??" and I said nothing and left... 
It is obvious the place is managed poorly. Sidework like Silverware isn't done, tables are not wiped, the servers are loud and rude, the cooks freestyle back there, etc. 
This is the WORST IHOP experience ever.Manager was a raging bitch. Because the system was down she said she couldn't seat us for at least fifteen minutes. The place was basically empty. What does the system being down have to do with seating? She kept saying she had to reboot the system and finally someone came and seated us. The server was lovely. Then when it came to paying out, we assumed it was the same as in Texas, you pay up front. The manager said "WELL THIS IS LOUISIANA! YOU PAY AT THE TABLE!" Her attitude was terrible, even for an IHOP.make sure you ask about extra charges before you get anything! my brother and i got the combo ($9.99) which includes 2 pancakes, hasbrowns, eggs, and 2 pieces of bacon/sausage. when our waiter asked how we wanted our eggs, we both said scrambled with cheese. turns out they charged used an extra $2 for the eggs ($4 total) for something that was INCLUDED with the combo.
not to mention when we got the eggs, they had just thrown one kraft single on top of it that wasn't even fully melted.
when i got my glass of water, there was a fly lifting floating right on top of it!!
WOULD NOT EAT HERE AGAIN!!!!!Stay away from this place, at least during Mardi Gras.  The service is lacking - c'mon, plastic silverware?  No creamer for coffee?  No spoon to stir the coffee?  When you ask for water, you are given a bottle of water and charged a dollar for it?  There's no maple syrup for the pancakes?  The food - eggs, hashbrowns, sausage, and pancakes were good.  Biscuits and gravy were not.  Biscuits "felt" like they were made yesterday.  They were also room temperature, which was at least 15 degrees better than the gravy, which was almost refrigerator temperature.  Sure they were jammed with Mardi Gras parade goers, but these are non-starters, regardless of how busy they are.Breakfast was decent.  Nothing was amazing. Service was fine, not super friendly. Pretty expensive breakfast for 4 people. Bill was almost $70.  Better off going to a café if you don't want to spend an arm and a leg. Food was ok. The Spicy Poblano Omelette was not even remotely spicy.  Also did not look appetizing, but tasted ok.  Def not worth the cals though.So I'm up here with my with my family having brunch and why did these guys just screw up an whole entire order up one of my sisters ordered some eggs scrambled fluffy bacon ham crispy and a sweet tea ( the eggs were cooked hard the bacon was under cooked as well as the ham ) my other sister order corned beef hash cooked crispy on both sides and some pancakes on the side ) again the Corned beef hash browns was undercooked also my fries were cold as ice , soooooooo it's bad enough that me and my family order right then when we gave them our food they screwed our order up for a second time but my sisters got it worse they never got their food right we talked to two different managers district Alexcia and the store manager Miya so they would not make this situation right, but  neither manager would accommodate us so then we called the 1-888-996-4467 number in which the (owner /Manager) Allen came down and basically defended his employees and I think that it's a travesty that an restaurant could screw up the same order not once not twice but three times and on to of that the table right across from us food was messed up too oh did I mention that it took us an hour to get our food 〽One of the worst IHOPs I've been to.
Walking distance from all the big hotels in the French quarter. But I'd much rather spend a little more and go to one of the restaurants at these hotels. 
The service was very poor. I don't think they cared about us at all actually. And they took forever to notice us so placing our order or wanting something felt like a novelty. 
The place smelled stale and wasn't too clean. 
Only the standard pancakes and omelette were good.Wow. Two. Freaking. Stars. What could my one-star possibly add that would actually make this sorry excuse for a blemish on the national IHOP brand actually care? I think they must hire their staff from the local methadone clinic. Either way, they should really stop using UberEats with multiple deliveries. According to UberEats, it is up to the restaurant to employ multiple deliveries and, since the idiots that generally drive for Uber don't have food warmers, the food always shows up cold. In this case, it was not only cold, it was missing half my order. If this IHOP wasn't the ONLY option at this time of the night, I wouldn't have used them OR UberEats. And god knows the UberEats phone staff is no help. Most of them work in some whorehouse in Cambodia, where they take their nightly breakfast sausage out of their mouth just long enough to pick up the phone.What a terrible experience. I was already a little hesitant to go here knowing the gazillion places that New Orleans has for food....why would I go to ihop? 
We were seated right away which was a plus....but it went downhill from there. We were assigned a waiter ADHOC. He never paid attention to us....did the bare minimum to take our order. 30 minutes later, we still didn't have our food
And I had been empty on tea for 25 minutes of this time. 
Finally, I asked the pregnant manager where our food was....and I needed more tea. Instead of apologizing and making things right....she disappeared to "go get our waiter". 
The food finally came out and it was really obvious it had been sitting in the window but no one picked it up. I told the waiter I couldn't accept it. He took it back, but never gave us utensils for the rest of the food. We had to leave. I told the pregnant manager that we were leaving because we had received zero attention and the food was not good. She could care less.
Don't go to a chain restaurant in NOLA, you will be seriously disappointed as we were.Worst experience ever! Under cooked cold food, server took my plate and never came back with my food. Charged me for the meal I never ate, plus took her tip out of my change for a meal I didn't get.This is my favorite ihop! I always have a great time when i come here!!!!! Highly recommend, love coming here.If  I could give this place no stars I would. Walked in no attendant at desk. Walked through semi empty restaurant to the section with people in it. I would have sat down but all the tables were dirty. So I sat at clean table in the back. Several employees have walked in/out of kitchen and looked directly at me and didn't ask have I been helped. Some even sitting 15 feet away working on cutlery. I would sit here and go into suspended animation just to see how long I could sit here with out service but I'm starving.   Going to another eatery nearby and bet if it doesn't piss me off further.  New Orleans restaurants blow. Don't eat anywhere in this town without a bad experience coming your way.i had breakfast today at ihop and my iced coffee was full of sugar. Horrible service Not diabetic friendly Cold foodClean, fast and super nice and helpful server, gave us all sorts of tips.Food was okay nothing special. The service from staff was okay too. Nothing to brag about. They did their job . Staff didn't seem very happy. Place looked clean.Service was okay, lived in L.A. & Utah the service was way better. Smiling waitress and ask if the food was good. But here in New orleans barely any interaction with waitress but take my order. Food is Food.Les pancakes sont à tomber, les omelettes sont aussi très bien. Dommage le sirop d'érable ne fait pas trop naturel. Plus de sucre que derablé.Horrible service. Food too too long to come to the table and came already cold. Servers wanted to be somewhere else. Dirty dishes. Skip this place.Sadly, The worst IHOP I have ever had.  Menu was very limited, food was not hot, received food and it was incomplete.  Could it be because it was the morning after Mardi Gras??  ( And everybody was hung over).  The guy next to us asked for salt and they literally brought him a little cup of salt!!!I waited for over 30 minutes and not one waitress addressed me. No menu. No coffee. Zero service so I walked out.I've never had worse service in my life. Had to wait 10 minutes with two other groups of people at the front to even be greeted. Then waited another 10 sitting down without even getting offered water. Our server was rude and missing for most of the meal, couldn't even get refills for our water. Nearly everyone had a mistake with their food, it took forever to come out, and most of it was burnt and unappetizing. The server even rolled his eyes when we had the audacity to ask for another glass of water. 
We then get out checks with an apparent "15% gratuity" charge that is actually half the bill. The manager was nice and took care of it but this was literally the worst service of my life.I waited for over 30 minutes and not one waitress addressed me. No menu. No coffee. Zero service so I walked out.Took 35 minutes for pancakes and eggs to come out and the cold brew tasted like watered down coffee . Waiter was niceCame here twice this trip. Once they were on a wait but we were seated quickly despite this. Service was great both times and food was good. Definitely recommend for breakfast!Best breakfast/lunch/dinner in the bayou! Basic/perfect breakfast & lunch and perfect service from a beautiful little black lady. She was so attentive and proper. She was super sweet to my poor old father in a walker, she helped him with the water spots on the silverware and was the best!!!!! You know who you are sweetie!!!You need to close it down the longest wait ive ever experienced it took like 10 min just to wait to be seated and the food isn't even that good for the wait time it took like 40 min to get our foodAbsolutely fantastic experience. We were greeted by a friendly hostess as we walked in the door. We were immediately seated. Once seated, we were greeted by an energetic waitress. The food came out quickly and was very good.Bad in every direction. Avoid. Dirty, unpleasant food, crepes were gooey and sad. Just a dive that benefits from location. C'mon, IHOP, get it together.Seriously though . . . IHOP is the best 2:30am
Breakfast you'll find. :)  This IHOP was about what you'd expect to walk into at 2:30am on a Wednesday early am. It wasn't busy, the server was nice, the table was clean, and the food was what I expected. The bathroom was disgusting, but again, what do you expect at 2:30am on Canal St.  If you're seriously looking for a Yelp review on IHOP for NOLA, then read no further. Put your phone down and go order the Smokehouse combo. 
You're welcome.Tried it one more time . Ordered a Bacon  burger, husband ordered mega burger.  Waited 40 minutes. Waitress comes back and said they were 'DEFROSTING' our patties . What ? DEFROSTING? And they will be out in a few minutes. You know what that means .  MICROWAVE !    We should have just left. Instead we just told her to box it up. Got outside . Received a burger that was cold on the inside and NO bacon.  Husband ordered a Mega burger and received a regular cheeseburger [ classic) .  Good grief. If you want a burger Run , don't walk, to Company Burger.  But then Mc Donald's is just down the street too.Trey the waiter is very nice and attentive. Highly recommend him. The food is like any other ihop and it came out very fastI hate giving not-so-great reviews, but only thing positive I can say was that the waitresses were polite and friendly.
The location was prime as we were staying at one of the Mariott hotels nearby.  There were plenty of tables open, but we were told there would be a 15 minute wait.  They took down my name and we waited (maybe they had to clean the tables? Or get their coverage ironed out? Or there was a backup of their current tables?).  We waited and waited, but nothing.  After 20 minutes, I went up to ask how much longer (now there were even more tables open), and when I looked down - my name was crossed off and so were about 5 names after me!  They skipped right over us!  I'm an understanding, positive person, so I just figured OK were next, it doesn't matter...
We sat down and asked for waters while we looked over the menu.  I also asked for a tea with milk on the side.  I suppose cream is the only option they've heard in a while, but as I hate cream, I kept saying "no cream, milk please if you have it." They gave me a teeny ketchup cup with milk in it hahaha! It took forever to get our food - and even when we did get it, we were still missing the waters and the orders weren't totally right.  We were all hungry, the food was good, and we were amongst friends - so despite hangovers, different orders, and the drop of milk, we had a nice breakfast.I ordered chicken florentine crepes , that was terrible!! I love coming to IHOP and it is my favorite menu. However this location's food portion was very small compare to lots of other IHOPs I've been to. When my food came out, the food was very poorly placed on the plate. It almost looked like they rushed to make my food. The service was even worse. The server left our drinks on the very end of the table and left without saying a single word. Not to mention the sever was busy on the phone so it took forever to bring my check. I was traveling so I was just visiting this location for one time. But I would like to say this location's bad service could damage the brand name as well.Everyone knows what to expect from IHOP but I came here to rave about our server, Michael. He was amazing. Went above and beyond and was so personable. Thank you so so much!!Came in here late night after a night of drinking. The food was what you'd expect it to be, but the service was terrible. The waitress didn't bring out soup before the entrees and she would never come over to the table.This review is only based on service. We arrived here at about 1am after a night of drinking on bourbon street. Well let me break it down what happened. A ratchet waitress came over, asked if we wanted waters. We ordered 6 waters, 1 with no ice. She came over with 7 bottles of water. We politely asked if we have to pay for this and can we get tap water. She said that they don't have tap water. We asked why everyone else around us had clear glasses of water. She said... "Oh it's sprite." So we went and asked are you drinking water or sprite, they indicated water. We asked how much the waters were, waitress said $1.75. The fact she lied to us about the water was the reason why we got up at left. It's not the money, but it's about the principle. I then used the restroom on our way out, the same waitress walked in and said "miss bathrooms are only for people who eat here." Well we would have eaten here if you didn't scam us. She then said you can't pee here, I said well what are you going to do, I'm already using the restroom. She then called me a "dumb bitch" and walked out. This IHOP deserves to get -5 stars based on service and the way your employees speak to your patrons. I will definitely be following up with corporate as well.Very ghetto!! The servers here have their friends coming in yelling and talking to them from the front door to the kitchen area. This is so unacceptable. People are just walking in sitting in the waiting area having loud conversations disrupting the guests.THE MOST RIDICULOUS service from a specific staff. I waited for almost an hour for a single bowl of oatmeal by the end of which my baby got cranky. When asked about the delay that staff got so upset she threw my order in the dustbin right in front of me. Could it get any worse? I would love to hear a worse experience than this. I bet no one has any!Luv'd the location in New Orleans on Canel street, the familiar food, and the great wait staff. I could get my favs, enjoy their great coffee, and see the local folks. The food came faster than any IHOP I have been in, the place was the cleanest, and the chief did special things that I'm gonna ask my home IHOP to consider. Good food, great service, at a steal of a price.This is one of the worst experiences I've had at an IHOP, but it wasn't because of the food but the staff.
Our group was 7 people including 3 kids. They made us wait around 15 mins until I asked if they thought a table was going to be available or maybe they could split us up. They sat us down on a booth for 6 but was ok.
Waiter comes and takes order. 45 mins later after ordering we see that big groups like ours that were seated 10 mins after us were already eating.
We asked our waiter when she thought the food was coming and with an attitude she says that she put the order in but that no idea when coming out.
10 mins later no food. We decide to talk to manager and right away food comes out. When served it was cold already. Waiter still with a horrible attitude. For the last 40 mins she was nowhere to be found but after serving and talking to manager she comes 7 times asking if we need anything.....
Finally we finished eating and check comes out with 15% tip included.
We talk to one manager and then another one to try to take tip off but they told us it would take another 15 mins to do that.
We ended up paying the tip that wasn't deserved.
In general the staff was not nice.
I will never go back to this location.This place was a joke.  Employees standing around, food was horrific;  I ordered the Cheesesteak, and my steak was like little black stones, and the drink refills took 15 minutes from asking(they were not busy).
The bathrooms were locked, and they charged my father who got there 2 minutes before us, $5.00 to use the restroom, even though others were only charged $2.00, and they never brought his change or deducted it from our meal.
You can actually see into the kitchen, if you're by the bathrooms, where all the staff was propped up leaning in the counters and shelving areas(one guy sitting on an upturned bucket), all laughing and the only folks in the place having a good time.
The pancakes were good, I must say that- even though cold, brought first(all the food was staggered over 20-25 minutes)...  though I knew better than to ask for extra butter or more syrup, hahaha but really though, no pride or work integrity going on here.  Get a hotdog, I promise it will be worth more, fresher, and a better value.Wait time is forever. For a restaurant on the Main Street of a tourist District this IHOP is always incredibly understaffed and extremely slow. I sat at the front of the restaurant and waited for over 30 minutes and no one spoke a word to me or other waiting people. When I said something to the manager, she responded with "I can't be in two places at once" then continue to ignore me and the rest of the waiting groups. The only person that did speak to us is the cook in the back! The young black cook who was here on 4/10/21 at 9 pm need to be promoted to manager. He gave better service than the manager and waitress. I didn't get my food until after an hour and 10 minutes after I ordered it. They had to make it twice because the first order was just sitting up in the window for over 25 minutes while she ignored meAwful service--took 30 minutes for a take out order.manager needs to expedite food not chit chat with the staff!!Terrible.   Dirty.  Uncleared tables.   Sticky and grimy surfaces.    And it was not busy...   2 servers for maybe 4-5 tables of guests max.    It was nearly empty, and the staff were hard to find...  Absent, uncaring and/or untrained staff.   Manager clearly does not care.  Order messed up repeatedly.  No refills or condiments offered.  Plastic utensils. Just sad and gross.  IHOP should close this location.Tonight they were under staffed, but the server (Alisha) was in good spirits and friendly.  Everyone is working hard to keep things clean and keep people served.  
They are going through a really nice renovation, and if you haven't been to this one in a while, it's worth stopping by!
I would highly recommend the jalapeño burger with an added egg!I was one of many parade-goers who stopped in this conveniently located chain after the festivities were drowned by sudden rain. Storm or not, however, for this place being on a parade route, it seemed ill-prepared to handle the obvious crowds of the time. Cold and wet people were waiting in line for some time while empty tables sat beckoning; presumably for lack of staff.
The pancakes themselves were fine enough, and of their sugary syrup choices, the butter pecan offered a bit of a local, southern flavor, but I certainly wouldn't be compelled to visit again unless I was this desperate  again.IHOP in New Orleans is by far the BEST IHOP I've ever been to! We were seated immediately. Our server was right over for our drinks. The food was fast and delicious and the staff was awesome!!!! One still giving 5 stars, but the men's room had a ketchup bottle for a soap dispenser. (I had to chuckle) if you're in New Orleans and looking for a great breakfast, definitely try IHOP!The staff was friendly and Derricka greeted us. Brandy was our server and very sweet. Food came out promptly and was warm order was correct.Ihop is always good, about the only time it isn't is when service is not good. I always get the same thing (ham & egg melt) and is always goodColby/kolby/Cobey/coby/koby/kobey was our waiter. I'm so sorry for not knowing which spelling for your name. He was GREAT. He was in training and he was so sweet and considerate with everything he did and said. 100% ready to be on his own. 5/5 on his service. We went on New Year's Day at around 1 and there was a 25 minute wait but it was less than that. They were really moving people to be seated. Great job to them. The food was ok. Your typical ihop. Got the cowboy burger with the barbecue sauce on the side and the breakfast sampler. The burger was juicy and okay. The onion rings were really good for a thick cut. Asked for red onion to be added but it was $1.25 charge. Asked for the fries extra crispy and no salt-could've been crispier. The breakfast sampler was just ok. Asked for the hash browns extra extra extra extra crispy. Still white and not extra crispy at all-only the top layer. The sausage was good but a little burnt. Bacon could've been cooked a little longer. Pancakes were fine.The worst IHOP I've been to! On September 1, 2018 at around 2 am in the morning, I ordered the Southwest Scramble, which comes with scramble eggs, avocado, salsa and red potato pepper and onions and a side of a tortilla or toast or 2 buttermilk pancakes. When the order came out the potatoes were replaced with hash browns. So I asked the waitress if I was mistaken about what it said on the menu. The waitress informed me my order was correct and there was no mistake. So I informed the waitress I ordered that dish because it said it came with red potatoes, so I informed her to return it and I'll order something else. When she returned to the table with the menu, the waitress informed me the chef was going to fix the mistake, and that I was correct about the description on the menu. But, when the food came out the potatoes were hot but, the eggs topped with salsa and avocado was the same eggs and salsa and avocado from before. I checked the temperature of the eggs and it was stone cold. Took one bite and behold I was right. The only thing I finished was the potatoes, and on top of that the toast came out later to an unsatisfying meal. The potatoes were good, but the service and how the restaurant tried to recover from there mistake was an epic failed.Stopped in for lunch, 11:30 ish.. Ordered a cheeseburger with French fries, 15 minutes passed the waitress came over to inform me that they are changing the grease in the fryer. No fries, onion rings, nothing fried. Was offered hash browns or fresh fruit. Who in their right mind would want fresh fruit with a burger? If I was going for the burger, I wanted the fries. 
Who in their right mind would allow someone to change the grease during lunch? 
Not everyone wants breakfast twice in the same 6 hours. 
You have lost my business and I am local. 
Manager was a flipping jerk. Hoping the district manager sees this and fires her!!! 
I won't be back, McDonald's is just a few blocks down the street.
You have been warned they change their grease during lunch hour.Not a professional IHOP. The workers act like this is their home dining room. One of the young men was dancing.  Several times he ran outside to smoke and talk with his friends outside. His friends would then come into the restaurant and lean on the podium. It was kinda a free for all. Food is the same as any IHOP. Our server was attentive but we were one of only three tables in the restaurant. So five  stars for our waitress, and 0 stars for everyone else (average 2 stars)Just had an awesome breakfast. Not sure why anyone would post negatively. It was a clean restaurant, hot, tasty food exactly as  described. People need to stop being so critical. Life is short, enjoy!!!Ok everybody it's IHOP! All the dumb ass reviews are unwarranted. It's a freak'en coffee shop!  Today we came in for breakfast this place was packed. We were seated in less than 10 minutes. Our server was sooo busy. She immediately introduced herself and said she would return shortly and she did. She helped us with the menu and made recommendations. Our food came out fast. The server busted her buns. We were overall pleased with the food and service.The staff acted like we were the staff. This is the worst iHop in the United States of America.SOOOO SLOW . . . Understaffed and they work at snails pace.  
Had to wait 45 minutes to be seated and the place was less than half full! Food took another 30 minutes to come out. Pancakes overcooked, ham burnt. 
Waste of time . . . . What a shame for the Owner of this place, it is a wreck!Worst IHOP I've ever been to. I wish I could give negative stars but the server really tried despite the place obviously being severely understaffed. My party of three came in around 4am on a Saturday night because Daisy Dukes was closed for some reason. We waited at the front for 10 minutes before asking if we should seat ourselves and getting a table. Then we sat without being acknowledged for another ten minutes. Finally the waitress who sat us came over to wait on us although we weren't in her section. The LONG WAIT began after placing our order. All of the tables around us were struggling to get food also. There appeared to be one other server that appeared intermittently but other than that, our server was trying to get to everyone. We observed a table of 8 and a table of 2 walk out after waiting too long to place an order. It seemed that the kitchen was short staffed also. After an hour and ten minutes we finally got our food and took it to go. The turkey sausage was really good. The egg whites, home fries and biscuit were decent but definitely not worth the ridiculous wait.Happen to be here when servers called out of work and they were struggling for help and getting food out. Though service was slow, everyone was very courteous and they did the best they could. Food was good and we would
Visit again.order an omelette and its the best omelette 
i've eaten in my life my goodness the quality 
of the food its  authentic deff recommend 
for anyone who enjoys a good old american 
diner like environmentThese guys were awesome they welcomed us with open arms...I needed wifi to submit a homework assignment so they let me sit and use the wifi while I ate & workedWe didn't even get to eat here because that's how rude they where. My two friends went in the bathroom while we waited to be called and the one worker followed them. We kept trying to explain to him that we where waiting for our table and then he seated the next party after us.
He went as far as walking to the bathroom and opening it and asking us to come out. At this point everyone was uncomfortable and wanted to leave.
The customer service was not in the least bit okay.Ordered 4 strawberry crepes and country fried potatoes. An hour later I left without my food cause the "ticket didn't print." They also didn't have coin change so I only got back the paper change.I want to leave  A higher star rating but I just can't. The waitress was very very nice in 2 and a 1/2 of those stars are for her. But when you arrive at a table covered in random crumbs, lukewarm fries in mostly cooked, super oily fish there's not much more you can do. All the staff was really friendly so I didn't want to bother them but I can see why many people get frustrated at this location. My BF enjoyed his burger, but it seems the sides all had issues because his onion rings were not cook properly either. All I can say is, kitchen crew.... please do better by your wait staff they are out there trying hard for the people.Absolutely awful and mean service. The lady working yelled at us for seat ourselves- there was no one there to take us to our seats. Honestly, IHOP is in a great location at the end of bourbon but I would recommend going to literally any other location. Otherwise food is excellent. Apparently it's their "policy" that if you seat yourself you receive bad treatment. Absolutely appalled.DONT DO IT!! Absolutely disgusting. Poor service. They forgot to put our meal in and on top of it, came to us looking like they picked it up off the floor. And it was microwaved. Melted cheese was like wax. Awful!!Ordered a double cheeseburger and it was served raw. Wasn't cooked except for the outside the middle was cold and pink.This was the worst! I went here with my boyfriend for lunch during this easter, only because everything else was closed. Our waiter was annoying and wouldn't let us finish a sentence without making a joke about what we ordered or us being european. Food was ok at best, restrooms were DISGUSTING just like floor in the restaurant. If you ever find yourself in the same situation as i- nothing else is open bc it's easter, just do yourself a favor and go to mcdonald's. Stay far away from this place.I arrived with my girlfriend on 8/27/21. We both noticed how dirty the floors were. The workers were ignoring the people standing and waiting to be seated. I noticed one of the waitress was not wearing a mask and talking to a customer. To my surprise she was wiping her runny nose on her arm twice and she was handling food which is a health violation. I would not never ever eat there.As we sit here and wait for our food and watch party after party eat and leave. With heads down and stomachs growling. We have been waiting for our food for over an hour.  This location is not even busy. We have asked to speak to the manager more than once and even the manager hasn't helped us at all. He had excuses instead of apologies "I'm trying to get your food out now I went to the back to cook your food now" instead of "I apologize for your wait allow me to fix your dining experience" or something along those lines. IHOP is easy. It took 20 minutes for them to take our drink order. Not bring drinks take the drink order after we ordered. I'm so disappointed and I will be writing a letter to corporate. We have a plane to catch and did not have an extra two hours to sit at an ihop at our table staring at each other. 4 tables that came in after us have left and ordered similar food as us got their food and drinks before us and have eaten and left. The owner came out and yelled at them to get the food ready for our tables and they finally brought it out. I have a toddler so I had to get up walk to the kitchen and ask for her fruit cup that I ordered 40 minutes prior. To put the icing on the cake there was flies and gnats that we all swatted away. Our tables were unprepared we didn't have 2 syrups, we didn't have sugar, ketchup, hot sauce. I also got up to get silverware and napkins. I have a 3 year old it's customary to put the child's food first. They didn't refill our drinks until the manager made them and they never pre bussed the tables. At the end they took 50% off the bill. However we wished they would've taken 50% off the time we wasted sitting here. I'm a Vip server myself from beginning until the end this was unacceptable service even for an ihop.I will keep this short:
Don't go here. 
Bad service, Bad Food, Dirty everything. 
This place is sketchy as hell, the server seemed very nice but was clearly strung out/high (I hope she gets help). Incompetent cooks and a general manager that doesn't care. 
I didn't finish my food out of concern for my own health and it appeared to me that they reuse there syrup cups (I don't know for sure) . 
A health inspector should surprise visit this place and shut it down.
EDIT: Felt I had to add/echo other peoples concern/speculation. I 100% honestly believe the day crew is selling drugs out of this location.What else is there to say? It's IHOP. American food, fast no wait, basic breakfast and lunch foods. If your in NOLA and want just a simple mid-west breakfast or lunch without a wait you'll be safe and happy here. Good location. Public transportation to and from. Close to the business district, walking distance to Bourbon Street, French Quarter and many hotels.Extremely poor service. I mean, shame on me for going to a chain restaurant on vacation but it was convenient location wise for breakfast! But the service was....awful. I don't think I've ever seen a IHOP with a staff that was THAT unorganized. Everyone was all over the place. Playing host, running food, trying to figure out how to ring people out. But everyone can't do every role, so it wasn't a pretty site. Waited too long to be seated, left the table soaking wet, waited too long to bring food, forgot food, brought the wrong food... a wreak. And the cherry on top was being double charged after being told the card didn't go through. And it seemed like the managers were no where to be found. 100% headache. I'd recommend retraining the whole staff.I had a good experience enjoyed the food and the waitress was very nice. Food was fresh and the bacon wasn't overcooked. I would go again.Waited well over an hour for eggs and pancakes. It was lunch time by the time we got our food. I guess they really want us to eat their terrible burgers.I had no problems here - however, my husband and I went at roughly 7:30 a.m. before any crowds were there. I think MAYBE 3 other booths were taken.
If you've been to IHOP - this is exactly like every other one. I got the regular eggs/bacon/toast/hash browns, and they tasted just fine. Service was decent - nothing over the top but nothing to complain about. I would say my only complaint would be that at the end, my husband and i were done eating and it took 15-20 min for the waitress to finally come back (which is weird because she had no other tables) - but we weren't in a rush so we just sipped our coffee until she came.
I guess I'd suggest if you go here, go early. Otherwise expect to wait for a table and don't expect amazing service - they're trying their best to get a million people in and out.I have a soft spot in my heart for IHOP but this is the worst restaurant I've ever been to in my life. I'll start by conceding it's Mardi Gras right now, that is the only thing during my visit that I can give them credit for. When we entered my friends got in line for a table and I went to go use the bathroom. Their "bathroom bouncer" was the absolute worst individual I've ever interacted with in my entire life. I legitimately believe that. After the hostess seated my friends he let me into the restroom, which was dirty and the soap dispenser has been ripped off the wall and placed on the counter with the top off to be used like a communal dip your hand vat of soap. Disgusting. Our server was awful. He forgot to put our order in and we had to wait forever. He brought the three of us one roll of silverware. Apparently they don't serve water here during Mardi Gras unless you straight up want to buy an overpriced bottle from them. Because you know they aren't capitalizing off the drunk people enough by having a bathroom bouncer. The food was awful when it finally came. It all felt like an expensive, but shitty trap, which I expect during Mardi Gras but this IHOP was just extra shit. I wouldn't recommend going here.STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!! There were homeless people sleeping in the booths at 4am, and there were rodents running around the restaurant!!! Multiple ones!! I've never been so disgusted in my whole life. There was even a homeless couple with their cart of belongings and their dog in this place. DO NOT GO HERE!!!!! The manager didn't even care about the mice/rats (whatever they were) and said it was common in New Orleans. Awful awful awful.I Travel all over the nation and visited ihop all over. This ihop in New Orleans is the worst by far period. 
- I witness a kitchen employee not washing his hands after using the toilet. ( after my breakfast was eaten, not a good feeling, I'm glad I'm ok)
-worst untrained staff
- waited 35 min to get cold scrabble eggs and cold pancakes ( come on!)
- when got my juice half of server finger was inside my orange juice, really!
- table all in the middle and baby chairs blocking emergency exit, this is a death trap is something happen ( fire, earthquake, etc) in this restaurant. 
Avoid at all times, avoid e-coli from the cooks.