Terrific food, service, and vibe. Great spot.  We got there early on a weekday so there was no wait, so no idea about the reservation/no reservation issues addressed in other reviews.Italian recipes with chefs California inspiration infused.
Service - outstanding, although there was a very long wait and poor drink service while we waited the actual service for our meal was outstanding.
Food - meatballs and soft shell crab pasta were outstanding.  
Decor - three small rooms, very cozy feel ...
One of the best meals I had on this trip.  Funny given I normally stuff myself with Cajun food and Oysters when I am in town.We got lucky eating here on our first night in New Orleans.  We just walked in without reservations on a very cold Thursday evening. 
We had to wait about an hour before getting seated, It was a very enjoyable with a piano player playing great music the whole time. There are 3 dining areas, the one we were in was had a classic french style dinning room which was a lot of fun.
While not the most vegetarian friendly menu, but they did have a least have a fantastic fresh made spinach ricotta ravioli that had a nice spicy kick to it.   Also the daily special caprese salad with oven roasted tomatoes, pesto, and toasted pine nuts was a delight.  
The local drum fish was prepared with a amaretto almond sauce with local yam mash was succulent and devine. 
Then we ended up having two deserts, a hazel nut truffle and cream cheese cake. Oh my goodness were they good, so rich and incredibly yummy. We over indulged a but it was worth it. 
Overall a phenomenal meal and first impression for New Orleans.After going on the Creole Bike Tour, we were speaking with the tour guide who highly recommended going to Irene's for dinner.  He warned that there would "probably be a wait" and to let him know if we were able to get reservations.  I called into Irene's and pretty much got laughed at when I asked if there were any open reservations for later that night - apparently they had been booked for weeks.  We didn't let this deter us from our mission!
Headed over to Irene's around 8:30 pm and it was PACKED, I mean PACKED.  This could only mean that we were in for a treat once we finally got seated (and that the tour guide from earlier had lead us in the right direction of good eats).  We put in our names and told it was about an hour and a half wait, so we headed elsewhere to get some drinks and apps to hold us over until 10.
We headed back to Irene's at about 9:45 to see that it was still packed and took a seat in the waiting room while Mr. Piano Man serenaded us with some classics.  Very nice!  I also thought it was a great idea to have a waiter taking drink orders in the waiting area, since everyone knew at this point that it was going to be a while if you didn't have reservations.  Finally, we were seated around 10:45...I have to be honest that my aggravation level was pretty high, but I didn't blame the restaurant, it was just that busy.
Service here is excellent!  We had two waiters that were taking care of us and they were both awesome - they knew the menu front and back, were very knowledgeable about the wine listing and pairing, and were extremely courteous.  Other restaurants should take note!
Okay on to the food:  First we were served bruschetta, which was not like any I've tried before.  It was okay, not great.  For entrees, my boyfriend ordered the filet special and I got the San Francisco style Cioppino.  We were both so hungry and the food was so good that I'm pretty sure we didn't say a word to each other the entire meal.  Once plates were licked clean, we both agreed that Irene's was delicious, but not entirely worth the all-night wait.  The dessert listing looked really good, but we were both too full and falling asleep at the table (by then it was around 11:30 pm).
My overall opinion is that Irene's is very good, but would have been much more enjoyable if I felt that I hadn't wasted the whole night waiting for a table (again, not the restaurant's fault!).  If you're going to go here, definitely make a reservation WELL in advance!   I'd definitely check it out again!Even better than last time. We were here last year and liked everything but noticed this year the crisp European service is softened with a little southern charm and there is a wider choice of menu items.  This is one of those places where the celebs go to enjoy a meal without being bothered; very discrete, except their photos are hung solid on the walls up to the ceiling.  I had a beef steak and basil salad, filet mignon with roast shrimp topping, and a Wild Turkey on the rocks.  My wife had oysters Irene in the shell with tomatoes, sausage, bacon and cheese, white mushroom soup, grilled asparagus, Mississippi Drum fish with shrimp and a house Pinot Grigio.  We shared a big , thick piece of cheese cake with blueberry and strawberry garish in a Grand Marnier sauce.  I ordered another Turkey but decided not to finish it or else I would not be able to finish this review coherently. you be the judge.  We had a great time, had wonderful food and great service.  This gets my Best in Breed award for New Orleans fine dining.Ate a late dinner here one night. Our original intent was to have a glass of wine, share a cheese plate, and share a dessert. We ended up ordering entrees instead.
What attracted us to the restaurant was the aroma of garlic wafting from the vents (plus we had heard while walking by on a different day what an awesome place this was from one of the many tour guides going by in a horse-drawn carriage).
I went with an arugula salad with cajun tomatoes, buffalo mozzarella slices, drizzled with a white wine vinaigrette and olive oil, and sprinkled with pumpkin seeds. The flavors went very well together, and even though it didn't appear to be much on the plate, it was just enough to satisfy my hunger. My husband ordered the spaghetti and meatballs. The meatballs were actually an appetizer special that night but could also be served with the spaghetti. The meatballs consisted of beef, lamb, and veal. They were very tasty and you could even pick up a hint of mint. His ragu was flavorful as well, but not heavy. The spaghetti was perfectly cooked al dente.
For dessert we ordered the Praline Pecan Bread Pudding. I was really looking forward to it. The bread pudding was nicely sweet with caramel, but I didn't pick up any of the pecan. I wished there had been a little more caramel sauce and was disappointed that it was lacking a hint of bourbon. Even the ice cream tasted more like ice milk. I had heard people near our table say how excellent it was, so I guess the hype had me expecting too much. It was a tasty dessert though.
The ambience of the place is very romantic with candles lit at each table, dim lighting overhead, and jazz standards playing in the background. While waiting for a table you can be entertained by a piano player playing jazz music.
This is an excellent date place or night on the town place with your significant other. I'm so glad we decided to stop in here. The exterior is very unassuming, but once you walk over the threshold, you are in for a wonderful evening of tasty and flavorful food.Irene's is a good restaurant, and ultimately it's A-OK just not quite my style and I don't see myself going back so I'm going to go with 3 stars.  The setup is a bit strange having to walk through 2 rooms of people dining in order to get to a back room where they placed the host station.  As for the 3 rooms of dining (or possibly more that I didn't see), they're small, kitschy, and sometimes too tight for my preference.  But typical for a "charming" Italian restaurant, and we were seated promptly for our 7:30 PM reservation on a Thursday evening.
In terms of the food, it was generally good if not always exciting.  The homemade ravioli appetizer was good but the sauce was a simple, thin tomato sauce that didn't add much and the dish didn't have any wow factor other than being clearly homemade.  My table also had escargot which included a huge mushroom with every snail so you got more mushroom than anything - fine but certainly nothing spectacular.  Same with the crabmeat gratin - it was nice crab in a cheesy mixture but just didn't knock my socks off - and we didn't have any bread left to eat it with so I can't say I would order it again despite having a good amount of crab for the price.  My favorite appetizer was the Oysters Irene which were nice - not the best baked oyster I've eaten but very good.
Entrees were a bit hit or miss - one thing I can say is that if you go to Irene's you must get the lamb chops because they were the absolute star of the meal.  Lasagna Bolognese was just okay, and they were out of soft shell crab so the papardelle noodles for this dish instead had fried shrimp on top and it was good but nothing special.  But the lamb was outstanding.  AND the Creole Cream Cheese Cake for dessert was one of the best I've ever had.  Wow.
Overall, that's 8 dishes I tried and 2 were awesome plus I liked the oysters.  You're not going to be terribly unhappy at Irene's, but if you're truly into food you won't get the wow factor that a 4.5 star overall rating on Yelp would typically suggest.  There are much better options in this town, though Irene's is an okay choice with fairly reasonable pricing for what appears to be scratch cooking.We heard fabulous things about Irene's, so we called tonight to see if they could possibly accommodate our party tomorrow evening.  We didn't really even get a chance because we were put on hold twice for 10 minutes each time.  After that, a guy told us to come by tomorrow night and put our names on a list and "we'll try to get you in."  
There are a lot of other places with excellent client service that we will frequent instead.I've lived in New Orleans for several years and finally got the chance to visit the legendary Irene's and, I must say, they did not disappoint! Escargot aux champignons to start was the highlight of the meal. I appreciated that the dish was not overly sauced or buttered, as is usually the case with escargot dishes, and I enjoyed the toast point on which it was served, which added a nice contrast to the escargot and mushrooms. We also had the Oyster's Irene appetizer, which was cooked perfectly (oysters grilled and warm, still plump and juicy) letting the flavor of the oyster shine through, once again without over grilling or over saucing the seafood. My boyfriend and I had the lamb and duck entrees, and both were phenomenal. Service was great and the atmosphere was intimate without being crowded by nearby tables or at all stuffy or pretentious. This will likely be our choice for a romantic dinner date from here on out!I don't have the words to describe how wonderful Irene's was for dinner. It is small and cozy and the walls are filled with old photos. Our waitress, Stacie, was absolutely amazing! She made perfect recommendations. We started with the tomato salad and the Irene's Oysters. I am not a huge oyster fan, but these were baked to perfection. The soup of the day was a corn and shrimp bisque, which was delicious. For the entree i had the  cioppino, everything was fantastic.Yes, expect nothing but exceptional Italian food. But what makes this restaurant such a blessing is the people. David and Diane (servers) made this dinner an unforgettable experience. I went with their Thursday specials- Turtle soup and lamb osso buco. Irene's is a must for anyone staying in the French Quarter. Can't wait to come back. #thatcremebruleethoughIrene's is a little stuffy for what it is.  I'd say it's kind of cafe-esque with 3 rooms, all pretty small.  We had to wait awhile, maybe a half hour.  I tried a bite of the duck (highly recommended), which was perfectly glazed and crispy on the outside and juicy and tender on the inside.
The service is great, very polite, but they will razz you if you only order a Caeser salad.  Newsflash:  I WASN'T FUCKING HUNGRY!  I accompanied two friends who get into fine dining type atmospheres, something I'm just not into.  And I'm not really into waiting for food, especially when I'm hungry, but I wasn't this night, so it was all good.
We were there so long that afterwards I WAS eventually hungry, so I stuffed my face with a shrimp po'boy from Verti Marte after we left.  Yum!!!Food was great. Server was fun and helpful. Space is tight and intimate in this restaurant. Also if you're in a larger party they will only allow 4 split payments.Fabulous, fabulous, fabulous!
Tried going last year, but couldn't get in. Made sure I made reservations early and wasn't disappointed! The duck and lamb chops were excellent! The service was superb. 
This was my first choice for dining and definitely was not disappointed !
Go again? In a heart beat. Probably the best food I've had since puerto Vallarta! 
Can't wait until my annual visit next year. May book it for 2 nights!Great experience, 20+yr local resident w/ 1st time dining here . 1st class treatment by waitstaff.  Made us feel comfortable in a formal environment but courteous & professional to locals & tourists in a wide range of attire.  My dining partner, an old neighborhood friend, from our hometown  Concord in N Calif, & I enjoyed wines by the glass, Sauv Blanc, French Rose' & Chianti from a compact but well crafted wine list.
My meal - soft shell crab appetizer & San Francisco style cioppino - superb.  His meal - turtle soup & osso buco - he was raving about it right down to the great tasting marrow in the veal shank bone.  Eat early like we did @6pm as it gets crowded quickly even in late Aug.  Assuredly, I'll be back.Irene's has been on my list of places to go for a long time now.  I had always heard good things and was finally able to go for my birthday dinner and I could not have been happier with my choice.  We were able to get a reservation for a group of four for 6pm on a Wednesday.  Irene's wowed this local from moment I walked through the door.  The staff was super friendly and made you feel right at home.
The space is small and formal, but not stuffy like Commanders or Antoine's.  The walls are covered with pictures of various patrons as well as local and national celebrities.  There are 2 main dining rooms and a 3rd room in the back with a piano player.   
The food is Creole/Italian.  It all starts with the complimentary Bruschetta, which was not great but was still pretty decent and tasted fresh.  Next we shared 2 appetizers:  the meatballs and the soft shell crab amandine.  The meatballs were outstanding and, as if a soft shell crab isn't good enough, let's put some Creole meuniere sauce on top!  Wow. 
Our four entrees were the Duck St. Phillip, Paned Chicken with crawfish, Filet Mignon and the Cannelloni.  The duck was the best I have ever had.  It was a half of a duck served on a bed of fresh spinach with a sweet potato mash.  The meat was incredibly tender and had no wild game taste.  The chicken was perfect as well.  It was thin sliced, lightly battered and fried, and served on a bed of fresh spinach.   On top of that were crawfish tails, artichokes, baby tomatoes and some amazing sauce.
My girl is lactose intolerant, so when going out to a nice restaurant she usually has to fall back on a steak dish.  She said the Filet was one of the best she has ever had.  It was cooked perfectly and came with a full roasted Portobello mushroom cap and some killer gravy.  The Cannelloni was equally awesome as well.  Every plate we had was completely cleaned!
For desert we had Tiramisu, Bread Pudding, and Cheesecake.  All 3 were very well done, and just what you would expect from a high end New Orleans restaurant.    
The only bad thing I can mention about Irene's is the bread that is served with dinner.  It was hard and almost stale, but even that is not enough to even take away 1 star.  I was impressed and will definitely be back.My 5 Star rating of Irene's should speak for it's self .  The staff is beyond friendly, they go as far as immersing you in the experience of Irene's, by taking their time to explain the culture and the history behind the establishment.
The Food, excellent.First time here and will definitely return. We ordered the lamb, duck, cap rear salad, mussels. Everything was perfectly prepared and delicious. Service is great. I loved it here.Every time I come back to NOLA, I have to eat at Irene's.  This is quite possibly the best restaurant in my mind.  After eating here multiple times over a span of years, the quality has never wavered nor has the service.  Decidedly unpretentious yet unfailingly classy, nothing I have ever eaten here has made me question my choices.
How good is Irene's?  It's the only place that made me want to vomit afterwards just so I could go back and eat more!  Go early and often, as they do not take reservations.  I normally wouldn't further advertise this place, but I feel that I should have something in my reviews to demonstrate my absolute benchmark for dining experiences.Not cheap and not as elegant as some places in NOLA and, as far as I know the chef is not a celebrity, but this place has some of the best food in this famous dining town, and some of the nicest staff--and it's a very comfortable, pleasant series of rooms.  The menu is fairly short and much of it consists of the daily specials your server will recite.  But by focusing on 5 or 6 items in each of the major categories (appetizer, soup/salad, fish, meat, desert), they can do what's available and fresh, and what the chef excels at.  Anyway, I've eaten here 5 or 6 times and never had anything that wasn't eye-opening good.
This time I had an appetizer of spinach/ricotta ravioli in a light tomato sauce, a salad of oven baked roma tomato slices, mozzarella, and pine nuts with pesto, veal marsala (with sides of sweet potatoes and asparagus) and cheesecake with espresso for desert.  They had half bottles of a good (King Estate) Pinot Noir so I drank that with the meal.
The tab came to $83 (the wine was $28)--and worth it IMHO for this quality of food.
There are some local items on the menu (sweet potato soup with andouille, soft shell crab on a bed of pasta)  but for the most part this is not uniquely New Orleanean food.  It's just very, very good food.  You can have the items elsewhere, and I have, but I doubt they'll be as good (I KNOW they won't be "at any place in the Bay Area" as one other reviewer argues) and if they are, they'll likely be more expensive (at least in the Bay Area or New York).I cannot say enough wonderful things about this lovely restaurant! I always insist on taking friends to Irene's if they have never experienced it before.  
I especially want to thank Damien and Orlando for their superb service on May 16th. It was a busy night, and despite our long wait, our experience - my three friends being there for the first time - was outstanding and Irene's won new fans yet again. These men went above and beyond to make our dining experience the best it could be on top of the exceptional food that can stand on its own. This place is a must for anyone visiting New Orleans who is willing to tread off the beaten (Bourbon) path just a little. THANK YOU, THANK YOU!!Found out about this gem from some locals our last night in NOLA and I'm so happy we did! !! We didn't make reservations but walked in and were seated right away, which we were told by our waiter was rare that sometimes the wait can be 2 hours.  I can see why.  The service was amazing and the food just melted in your mouth.  Plus they have a Moscato D'Asti which is my favorite.  I had Lamb and gnocchi and my husband the filet neither disappointed.  If we find ourselves back in NOLA we will most certainly be back! !My husband and I decided to vacation in New Orleans and looked forward to dining at Irene's. When we arrived a few minutes early for our 7:00PM reservation, the
maitre' d  informed us that the wait would10- 30 minutes. The lounge, where we were to wait, was packed with unhappy patrons who were also waiting for a table they had reserved.  The scowls on their faces were the first clue that Irene's was overbooked. 
Since every seat was occupied, we stood shoulder to shoulder with the other customers.  When one gentleman, waiting for his son to come out of the restroom, told us that he and his party of 10 were seated on time. He proceeded to tell us that one did need a reservation and that he called a week earlier for his reservation, which obviously had been accommodated at our expense.  Now I was angry that my reservation, made a month in advance, was relinquished to a local patron who booked a table for 10. 
This time the maitre'd admitted that there were 8 other reservations ahead of ours and that we would have to wait until the "first seating" was finished, probably in one to one and a half hours. There was no apology offered or any other attempt to ameliorate the situation.
At that point, we called Muriel's Bistro on Jackson Square,  Muriel's  offered us a table in the inner courtyard since Muriel's, unlike Irene's, honors its customers reservations and held tables in the dining rooms for people who were expected.
It will be a long time before we visit New Orleans again.Irene's is what I like to refer to as my "white whale" of NOLA. I have been denied my visit here on numerous occasions and we planned to head over right at 5:30 after watching some music at the Louisiana Music Factory. It was even better than I imagined...
We walked in and were greeted by the sweetest older lady, whom I could only imagine must be Irene. We were sat at a table in the front room and our server, Orlando, helped us make our selections. Orlando was great- he was fun and offered wonderful suggestions while not being too pushy with his upsell. 
For the first course I ordered the paneed oysters and shrimp with spinach salad. There were so many things going on with this dish and each one of them were wonderful!! The oysters were wonderful, fried but not greasy or gummy. They were served with the shrimp on a burre blanc sauce with a salad on the side with raspberry vinagrette, apple slices, and sugared grapes. Wow. Hubby got the pomodoro salad with Maytag blue cheese, bacon, and grilled onions. Also amazing. 
Dinner was the lamb chops for him, at Orlandos suggestion. He loved them! I tried the cioppino, which was delicious. The fish and seafood were cooked perfectly and the broth was delightful! 
I was so excited to finally try Irenes and it didn't disappoint!!! I had only one minor (miiiiinor) complaint about this place which was that he didn't mention a veal special we had overheard at another table without my prompting, or a meatball appetizer that our friends had raved about from the night before and we assumed it wasn't on the menu for the evening. We then saw the people next to us get it and were a little bummed that we didn't get to try them. That being said, I was more than happy with my meal!!!!! I'll just have to ask for meatballs next time.One word: fantastic.
Everyone kept telling us about the wait. But we walked right in with only 5 minutes to set up a table. The place smells fantastic as soon as you walk in and I was starving.
The oysters irene was out of this world. It had bacon and cheese and tomatos on it. It was great. My friend had a salad and loved it, said it was fresh and the dressing was seasoned perfectly. 
I had the veal marsala, wish sweet potato crisps. It was sweet and savory and the veal was perfectly cooked. I've had alot of marsala sauces in New York but this is one of the best. 
The tiramisu was rich and the marscapone was creamy. It was room temperature, which only made it better (I hate restaurants that keep it in the refrigerator until served, kills the coffee flavor). I had an italian espresso to go along with it.
The wine list was very extensive and the service was fantastic. Just attentive enough without being overbearing. 
All in all, a complete 10 dining experience!I traveled to NOLA with my friend to celebrate our 40th birthdays. Both of us are very picky eaters for different reasons. We decided to go to Irene's for our last dinner which, was this evening. This place is outstanding. From the moment you walk through the door, you are treated like you're the only customer there. We did have a wit but, it was under 40 minutes. While we were waiting, we were entertained with the piano player. We were offered a drink from Michael, the Maitre D. Not only did he constantly refill our water but carried on a conversation with us. We both had the ravioli and, they were the best I've ever had! I also had an arugula salad that was delish. For dessert we shared a pecan bread pudding bananas foster. Yes, they managed to take two desserts and produce a dessert that is so good it should e illegal. Irene's is small but very homey. Our waitress was Nancy and she couldn't o enough for us. She checked on us at every turn and was happy to make substitutions with a smile! Throughout our inner, Michael stopped by a few times and even told Nancy why we were there. I can't say enough good things about Irene's. This is one place you don't want to miss when in NOLA!!!Great food! Their lasagna and wine is fantastic. Great waiting staff. Generally very good dinner.Totally disappointing. We had a reservation and still waited over 30 minutes, although that wasn't too bad because they had a live piano player. The unfortunate part was that the food was just okay and our server was terrible. My husband asked him about a particular wine, and he's like uh, I don't know anything about wine. Not a, "hey let me ask someone," or even, "I don't know about that one but this one is good..." Something! He also disappeared for huge chunks of time. Every other place we ate in NOLA was worth writing home about - this place was completely forgettable.Upon entering Irene's, a French Quarter based Italian restaurant, three or four well dressed servers greeted us. We felt very welcome and at ease. Irene DiPietro herself was walking through each dining room. Irene's is only open for dinner so we showed up for an early dinner because we didn't want to wait in a line. Upon our exit there were 10 people (locals and tourists) waiting outside the restaurant. If you do not have to wait more than 30 minutes, Irene's is worth the trip.
Irene's has multiple dining rooms. The tables are packed quite tightly together and I could hear our neighbor's conversations. My dining companion asked for her seat to be adjusted because it was wobbling and another tables server seemed a bit sassy, but was willing to help.
The striped wall paper, books, gold framed paintings and lighting was cozy.
Complimentary mozzarella, tomato and basil bruschetta
I started my meal with a caprese salad with well seasoned tomatoes, mozzarella, arugula, pumpkin seeds and onions $5.50.
My friend had the ricotta and spinach raviolis with red sauce and seemed quite pleased with her choice $7.50.
I had a soft shell crab meuniere appetizer special as my main. It was lightly fried, the crab meat was juicy and served with slivered almonds, brown butter and lemon.
We shared the Bananas Foster Bread pudding, suggested by our enthusiastic, New Orleans born and raised waitress, it was unbelievable. The bread pudding was served with warmed bananas and rum caramel sauce, vanilla ice cream and whipped cream.I hate doing this......great food and great service....but as a local i want to keep this place off the radar and not have it become another "must visit" on every other tourists list.
With that being said...a personal note to all the tourists: since you have already discovered our formerly hidden secret, do all of us a favor and please don't go to Irene's in your tacky shorts, silly t shirts, flip flops, loud obnoxious parties, or already liquored up from your bar stops along the way. This is a classy place and please act and dress classy when you do go!This may go down as the best food ever made in the French quarter! The long wait is well worth getting a seat. From the piano player in the waiting area to the cozy sitting in the restaurant part and friendly staff make this a home run.Hands down the best restaurant in the quarter. The service is always friendly and knowledgable. You never wait with an empty glass or on any request. The atmosphere is small and intimate and somewhat noisy. It's a great little restaurant. The food? Not a bad thing on the menu. Everything has been exceptional and you absolutely MUST try their cheesecake. I've had duck, lamb, caprese and most of their Italian dishes. Haven't found a flaw yet. Very reasonably priced for the quality you get. Highly recommend getting dinner there soon. They don't take reservations unless you're local, but the waiting room has a piano and they'll be happy to get you some wine while you wait.Where to begin. First, the ambiance is romantic and cozy. Piano playing softly in the background, candle-light, waiters in black tie and aprons, linen table cloths. The food. We had escargot, charbroiled oysters, cioppino and lasagna. Everything was delicious. They even start off the meal with complimentary bruschetta. The bread pudding was one of the best I've ever had, complete with fresh cream and vanilla ice cream. Oh, and the bloody Mary's are good too. Now, the best part, our waiter, David, was excellent. He helped us navigate the menu, and provided us with just the right amount of attention, not too much, not too little. He talked to us about the city and must-see live music destinations, like Smug House. Really a great meal, beginning to end. Try it, and ask for David!!Our last night in NOLA and we found this gem of a restaurant for dinner. Our server, Drew, made the experience exceptional. Truly superb service and that's just as important as the food for me. Will definitely be back next time in NOLA. 
Tip: Leave room for dessert.I'll start off by saying that the food IS delicious. The service was lackluster. When dining at an restaurant of this caliber there are certain things that patrons shouldn't repeatedly have to ask for- like drinks, bread to accompany the crab dip. Etc. the food as I said is wonderful, the service not so much.Classic bistro atmosphere, confident wine list, old-world service, careful prep ... a real charmer.Good food. Great service. Salad was good. Raviolis was good. Bartner was very nice and friendly. Every was nice.Sent there on a tip from a former local. Decor was fun, a bit of a cluttered mish mosh but it worked. Wine list was amazing- from $30 to $1500. Service was good, food was quite good. We were pushed into a corner on a busy holiday weekend, so I think I would have a different impression if I had felt more comfortable. Not that the staff did anything to make us feel rushed or anything, but a busy restaurant isn't always conducive to a relaxing evening. I would go back, and the price seemed in line with the quality.LOVE LOVE LOVE! Such a beautiful place to enjoy a cozy and relaxing dinner. The food is amazing beyond words and the service is top tier! The drinks here are pretty strong but in NOLA that is not a bad thing! Cheers!!We visited this restaurant for my birthday.  Our friends had eaten here before and enjoyed it.  We made a reservation for 9:30 which was the only available slot that day.  I was a little concerned because it was so late but I hung in there thinking it's busy so it must be good.  For starters, we arrived and there was no host/hostess to greet us or acknowledge our reservation.  We had to wait 10 or more minutes for a greeting. Once set up we were put in a really lame location, in a corner, by the kitchen.  Re asked to move and they accommodated. We ordered most from the specials.  Three of us had steaks, they were mediocre, very little flavor.  They had shrimp on them, the shrimp tasted like it had been frozen for a while.  It was very disappointing.  A friend ordered lasagna, it was over cooked and extremely boring(like School food). We started with salads.  I had the Caesar which had a long crouton.  Which was so hard it was inedible.  Based on this experience I wouldn't eat here again.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  The icing on the cake was a birthday song which started at the wrong table, then involved no hoopla.  Followed by the same waiter bringing the entire staff to sing to the table next to us.  Overall a lame birthday dinnerA friend told me to check this place out when I was in town, and I wasn't disappointed.  NOLA level cuisine.  Only open for dinner, but when you see it you'll know why.  Great vibe there at night.  Don't go looking for a lot of pasta at this place, but what they have is really good.I give 5 stars very rarely. However, this restaurant has it all. From the moment you walk in, you know it's special. The waitstaff are dressed impeccably and are attentive without being annoying. Our server, Seth, was one of the most professional waiters we've ever had. He was knowledgeable, engaging and his food suggestions were perfect. Although the appetizer and entrees were amazing I want to focus on the dessert. It was hands down the best bread pudding I've ever had. Dense but smooth texture, topped with candied pecans, whipped cream on the side, a scoop of vanilla bean gelato on top, with bananas foster surrounding it. The best!First dinner during my inaugural trip to New Orleans and Irene's didn't disappoint.  
Food: Mussels marinara sauce to start.  First time I tried the baby (P&J) mussels which I think are particular to the South.  Delicious.  Great sauce and truly delicious french bread to soak it all up.  The girl friend ordered Cannelloni (similar to Manicotti but stuffed with ground veal in addition to ricotta and mozzarella cheese) and I opted for the San Francisco-style Cioppino, setting myself up for failure since I had amazing Cioppino IN San Francisco when I lived there.  Cannelloni was mouth-watering delicious (not sure how it compares to Cannelloni at other restaurants, as it was the first time I had the dish) and the Cioppino was full of seafood (shrimps, scallops, mussels, clams, red fish, etc.) but was kind of bland and definitely not spicy.  Creole Cream Cheesecake and Pecan Bread Pudding for dessert ... both were excellent endings to a wonderful dining experience and helped to get the bland taste out of my mouth from the Cioppino.  The cheesecake was served with strawberries while the pecan bread pudding was served alongside bananas and gelato.
Service: Our waiter Orlando was fantastic, if a tad too excited about every dish we asked about ("Amazing!" "My favorite!" etc.)  The finishing touch however was Irene herself presiding over the meal and shaking my hand (and kissing my girl friend on the cheek!) after we had paid the check.  That's Southern Hospitality ...
Atmosphere: Very classy, small, antiquated library-type setting with a second room.  Didn't feel too cramped though and the outside looked like a quaint cottage.  It IS the French Quarter ...
Value: Fairly good (especially in comparison to similar establishments in New York City), less so in New Orleans I believe, where EVERY great restaurant seems to be a good deal.  Still, for the quality, service and atmosphere, you won't feel bad at all with spending a little extra for that romantic occasion at Irene's.One of the best meals we have ever had! The food was exceptional.  The shrimp bisque, crab, fish and pasta all amazing.  The cheesecake dessert was unreal.  I had to close my eyes to savor the moment...not kidding! So romantic with the candlelight, exceptional service, making being a waiter a profession.  I could go on forever. Don't leave nola without eating here.We went here on the recommendation of a good friend. The ambiance was very charming, and the maître d and other wait staff were genuinely warm to all the customers with the exception of our waiter. When it came time to order, he laughed at us a bit too strongly for our comfort when looking for advice among three very different entrées, and chided us for having made eclectic selections about which to ask. It went downhill from there. We asked no more questions, ate our food, and quietly left.Utterly fabulous, on every level. These guys are pros. Attention to detail is off the chain.Expect authentic, imaginative, fresh and wholesome cuisine coupled with friendly and professional service. Irene's is a jewel. 
This evening I had the Duck St. Phillip. Lean, moist, and succulent - and large enough to share.  My wife had the sautéed red snapper - perfectly prepared and again enough for two people.  
Our waiter Mike was attentive and helpful, and the level of staff on hand is quite impressive as the restaurant is not very large.
Irene's continues to be a place we always look forward to coming back to!I spent an entire meal on appetizers alone. Incredible flavors, rich and delicious and I would definitely come back. Twice in two weeks, a new favorite.OMG! Do not miss this place! I had the rib eye cap and my husband had the lasagna and both were fabulous! I could have made a meal from the bruschetta alone. Sadly, we were too full to have dessert.This is some of the best if not the best place to dine in New Orleans.   Don't waste your time with all the so called "famous" places, that never deliver -where food is mediocre and the prices are through the ceiling.   You will be blown away by the food.  I had Osso Buco -best I have ever had.Had reservations for dinner, wait was very short. Service was good but quite disappointed in food. Out of 4 plates only the Duck was worth it. Lamb chops were cool and soft on outside, under cooked with no seared exterior.  Both seafood dishes were way OVER salted. Neither party could finish. Restaurant was LOUD. Unable to have any dinner conversation. Would just as soon sat at bar. 
Not worth the $1. Stacie. AMAZING server!  Wow!
2. Make a reservation. A local recommended we do it and thank gosh!  We called at 1pm and the only time left was 8:15pm.
3. You will not be sat on time, however you will not notice it. When you walk in, walk straight to the back room. Check-in with the desk and then find a seat. A server will take your drink order and then have them put on the table. Leave him a few dollars, because I am not sure how tips work here. 
4. There is a piano player who can and will play anything!  Modern pop? Old school lounge songs? Yes! Just for fun, he played Piano Man while standing backwards.
5. The menu, the specials, the EVERYTHING is fantastic. I had the lasagna bolognese. It was nearly 9, and they only had two left. They are not kidding when they say each night they only make limited quantities. We ordered the Creole Cheesecake which was some of the creamiest cheesecake I have ever had. It is clearly homemade. They serve it with strawberries soaked in Grand Marnier. 
The experience and the food is second to none.This is a great cozy spot nestled in the French Quarter not too far from Decatur street. This is classic NEW ORLEANS Italian with many of the classic dishes infused with Louisiana seafood and love. When you first go in they typically make you have an obligatory drink in the back room but that's ok because a friendly staff will get you that deserved drink right before your seating. I recommend a reservation and lots of things on the menu.Irene's is absolutely the best! From the wonderful cauliflower soup to the duck it was so enjoyable!I LOVE Irene's!  The food is outstanding, and the atmosphere is cozy and comfortable.  I have been to NOLA 3 times, and on one trip, I ate at Irene's twice!  The only downside is a long line for a table, but at least they have expanded the waiting area and made it more comfortable.  The waiting doesn't bother me, because the meal is SO worth it.The food was good but extremely salty. We split the Oysters Irene, Crabmeat Gratin, and a caesar salad, and I had the soft shell crab while my friend had the San Francisco Style Cioppino. We were both in agreement that everything was way too salty. I'd go back, but not as willingly as I went the first time.The service was great, and my entree was worth 5 stars (the duck st phillip). However, my two dinner companions were less than pleased with theirs. The crabmeat au gratin appetizer was overly fishy and practically inedible to all 3 of us. The cannelloni was good, but not mind blowing. The fish special my other guest ordered (can't recall the name) was not what the waiter had described (server failed to mention the presence of crawfish and artichokes!) and thus disappointing. Clearly, I was the only one out of the 3 of us who did my yelp homework to ensure I had ordered well!I can't say enough amazing things about Irene's. Just go experience it- literally you will understand why this is so short. The best service, food, atmosphere that I have ever experienced. And get seated in Daniels section- he is the best server ever. Just go book now..... and get the lamb chopsLate dinner in New Orleans and came across this place. We were not disappointed. Super friendly male staff, our waitress was very efficient but not as gregarious as her male counterparts. We had the meatballs marinara to begin, we could have eaten 14 of those, fantastic! Beautifully constructed marinara and the mozzarella and meatballs oh so good! My hubs had the lasagna very good!! Pasta was perfect and that same sauce, yummy. I had the Chicken Rosemarino, I think it was called, chicken was flavorful and moist but a little salty. Restaurant is very old but has a nice old fashioned vintage feel. It's very cozy, big parties looked tight to fit, but they do it. All in all I would return.Food was FABULOUS - especially the Soft Shell Crab appetizer !  Whoever does the hiring is doing an incredible job - every staff member we came in contact with was upbeat, and super efficient !  Great evening !We ate here on the recommendation of a local and couldn't have been more pleased. We arrived early and were seated promptly when the doors opened at 5:30, no reservations. Our waiter Kaiser got us started with drinks and bruschetta. My sazerac was perfectly mixed and quite tasty, and my girlfriend said her cosmopolitan was the best she'd had on our stay in New Orleans. We each ordered another. 
The appetizer was crabmeat gratin: beautiful lumps of crab with melted Brie and Swiss cheeses, and fresh thyme. Wonderful. The soup de jour was cream of oysters Rockefeller. The oysters were awesome, tender and flavorful, only added at the last moment of preparation to ensure they were perfectly done. Simply delicious, the Caesar salad had just the right amount of anchovies to enhance the dressing without overpowering the other ingredients. 
I got the lasagna Bolognese, the best I've ever tasted. The veal Marsala was out of this world with its complex, savory reduction. The chicken Rosemarino was moist and full of flavor. The meuniere Amandine was sublimely delicate. Even our most finicky teenager, who was not confident after looking at the menu, was wowed.
But the best was yet to come. Our group was the exact size to try one of each dessert, and we could not go wrong. The yummy bread pudding, the Creole cheesecake's cloud of goodness, the sinfully decadent chocolate truffle, and the creme brûlée silky with crunchy sweetness were all incredibly scrumptious. One satisfied teen ordered her tiramisu to-go, so we'll give it a taste in the morning. Bet it's perfect with a cup of coffee.
The service was impeccable. We did not have wine, but their list is extensive, and we recognized some fine labels. Beginners luck getting a table without a reservation; we'll be making one on our next visit (which I hope is soon).Best restaurant I experienced in new orleeans. Hands down. Had the ribeye with mushrooms and blue cheese potatoes. Zucchini soup. For dessert we had cheese cake. We were able to meet Irene. She was delightful. We had our picture made together. What a treat. Restaurant is beautiful. Drinks are perfectly made. Do not miss this dining experience. Worth every penny.After an hours wait we got to order and I went with the soft-shelled crab parpardelle. Now I like seafood, I like rich sauces and I like the taste of butter. But I can't help but feel that the deep fried crab was retaining a little to much oil, which gave the sauce an oily aftertaste. Now I didn't try any desserts, though I should. 
Now upon visiting a loud quartet was sitting a few tables from us and even though they where clearly drunk out of there minds and a number of tables had complained about them the vaitors kept bringing them more booze. Now I would have wanted them to shove a sock in it, but they did nothing. That and the crab is why there will be no 5-stars from me.
Would I visit again? Not sureWe have eaten here before several times and really enjoyed it. I called them several weeks ago seeking a reservation for a large party in mid-March. They confirmed the date and time and I was very excited to secure the date for our group as we have 20 people traveling in from multiple cities (some international) to celebrate our friend's 40th birthday. I was shocked to receive a call last week from Irene's cancelling our reservation. No reason was given, no solution was offered. "Sorry we can't do it"..click. They simply turned their back on a commitment. Had they denied my original request I could have found another location considering the fact it was well over a month away. Now we have one week to find another restaurant that can host a large party during a very busy weekend. I have visited New Orlean's every year for the past 15 years and I have two trips scheduled in March 2016 alone. Needless to say I won't be spending my dollars at Irene's again, nor should any of you.I love the staff here. The last time we were in, the waitress [Helene] was amazing. She had the best sense of humor, was polished and professional and really made the evening. The waitress at the bar [don't remember her name] was also a hoot. and as always, the woman greeting at the door and saying goodbye was a very nice touch.
Alas, the food was not all that. My dining partner ordered a tomato and blue cheese salad [I did give a warning about tomatoes being out of season] that was mealy and bland. My soft shell crab was greasy, with an odd spinach side and sort of overpriced. My dining partner had fish that, to me, seemed both bland and fishy.
The decor is homey but nothing to write home about. Our wait was minimal [15 min....but it was a Monday night at 9:30].
Overall, I love the experience but was pretty disappointed with the food.
Food 2
Decor 3
Service 5
Other being seated in a nicer restaurant in NOLA in shorts and a t-shirt 5It's a pleasantly light Italian menu with a creole twist. The turtle soup was delicious and the crispy duck was spot on. 
The highlight was the banana foster bread pudding. Wow.The food is delicious. Make reservations far in advance. My only criticism is that it is pretty loud in the dining room and we were packed in like sardines.Delicious, quaint Italian restaurant hidden in the French Quarter.  Go early as they do not take reservations (and the wait can be hours)--I think they open at 5pm.  Per Zagat.com, Irene's has re-opened post-Katrina...that's good to hear.  Escargot was yummy, and I always get the pasta with prawns.  Oh, and the free bruschetta is wonderful--gave me a new appreciation for what you might think is just toasted bread and tomato.Irene's does no advertising since they are so busy with the local residents.  We waited for over an hour in their waiting area  AKA their garage. The wait was worth every minute!  If I had to have one meal before I died, I would definitely go to Irene'sOn our server Matt's suggestion I had the lamb and it was incredible!  We also had the cheesecake which was incredibly light texture and the best cheesecake I've ever had.  The service was very attentive and Matt was friendly offering recommendations for breakfast or lunch before we left town the next day. 
We were unable to book reservations on Friday or Saturday and tried walking in each night.  On Friday we got in line 10 minutes before they opened and were unable to be seated. On Saturday we arrived 30 minutes early and were the first in line. 
Having eaten in a number of restaurants this week I can say Irene's was my best experience, but everywhere in NOLA has made my mouth happy.I wish I could have liked this place. 
But somehow with an order of escargot and a steak, they managed to poison me pretty severely.
I have a pretty pronounced allergy to fish, the kind that can very easily kill me. We told this to our server up front, asking very specifically that no fish come in any contact with my food.
And yet, after the escargot, I was sick as can be. 5 trips to the bathroom to vomit, and not even so much as an apology from Irene's. When asked how things were, we informed them that I had been poisoned. Yet, according to our server, this was "impossible, its just garlic and snails." 
Yet there I was, throwing up, in extreme pain (8 out of 10) and having a hard time breathing. Our first night in New Orleans was ruined.
Best of all, no offer to refund any of the meal. Full price charge, and then a mile run to the nearest open shop with Benadryl. 
If you have allergies, don't do Irene's.Great little Italian restaurant. Piano bar. Great food, and friendly wait staff. I recommend the lasagna.There will be a wait (make a reservation a week in advanced). It will be crowded. It will be loud. It will be one of the best dining experiences you'll have in NOLA. From the low ceilings to the piano player to the small, elbow  to elbow dining room the atmosphere is excellent. The service is top notch and the food is spectacular. The filet is fantastic, the veal is ultra-tender, and the everything is consistent and high quality.There are probably better Italian restaurants where I live, and maybe even elsewhere in New Orleans, but everything I read before my trip basically said that having a meal at Irene's is one of the best dining experiences that one could have - of course, I had to give it a shot.  
We walked into Irene's as two completely under-dressed tourists who didn't have reservations, but yet we were still treated as if we were royalty.  We were seated immediately and told that our t-shirts and jeans were perfectly fine to wear.  We ordered a couple of drinks and the meatball appetizer and enjoyed the haimish atmosphere, the dark and romantic dining room, and the opportunity to reflect on what a great time we were having in New Orleans.  For our main courses, we ordered the soft shell crab and the fried eggplant - both were very good, but not as great as other reviewers say.  Like I said, I feel like I've had better Italian food before, but something about Irene's just makes everything about the meal and dining experience feel perfect.  It's upscale, but not pretentious; casual, but not disheveled; quirky, but not weird; mysterious, but not afraid to put itself out there.  After all, this is New Orleans - most things here have their own set of rules and aberrations.  With that being said, something about Irene's is just really kind of odd and it goes well beyond the actual food or decor.  I'm not sure exactly what it is.  It's like they know something that you don't know, like they know some kind of deep secret that they will never give up, like they are casting a spell on you as you're eating your meal, very carefully and secretly so it won't disrupt you as you eat.  Maybe this place is haunted?  Who knows...The first time we experienced Irene's was several years ago when we were walking down the street and smelled simething incredible.  They are a must do on our list for New Orleans now!  Make a reservation because they do get busy.  The food is incredible!  I personally prefer their lamb and duck.  The service is always phenominal!We had looked up many restaurants to go to in New Orleans and Irene's was on the top of the recommendation list from friends.
We waited for 30 minutes to sit down, but were in no rush. They have small tables in the back for people to wait with a drink before dinner, and there was live piano music to serenade you while you wait. Not too bad.
I started with the mussels, which were bathed in a great tomato sauce. Very flavorful. I ordered the pappardelle, which normally come with crab but they substituted it with shrimp. Really delicious. My friend is a vegetarian and they were very accommodating. She got spaghetti with tomato sauce and eggplant. Most places with give you something vegetarian, but here they really made a good meal given the restrictions of no meat. For desert, we got the cheesecake and the tiramisu. The cheesecake is definitely the way to go for desert.
The waiters were very attentive and chatty, but not too chatty. It was a really cool interior design and a great experience to have had in New Orleans. I highly recommend trying it!Fantastic!  Cocktails in the bar is a must before dinner. Meatballs to start. Crevette fish awesome. DO NOT pass on the cheese cake. Unbelievable! Our waiter Drew was greatThis was a great place to eat. We had about a 45 minute wait but we were very comfortable in the bar area and the staff in that area were always ready to take care of you.  I had the lemon basil martini which was wonderful. It was made with gin. I ordered the crevette and the fish was so moist and flavorful. I would definitely eat here again.The wait staff was hilarious and so fun. The food was insanely good. I had the soft shell crab special and tried two desserts. Absolutely wonderful dining experience.After hearing so very much from a variety of sources, I went, alone. ( bad idea)
And Waited, Waited, and finally after 1 hour was seated.
Great friendly service, less than stellar food at way too high pricing.  
Drink up and arrive with a group - its the only way to get through the evening of mediocre Italian 'styled' food.  I actually couldn't cut through the osso bucco.  Really bad prep for a braised meat which if prepared correctly need not any knife.
The restaurant tries to present an elegant intimate experience, but it really is more of a belly up to the bar expense account evening.  If that's the ride you want, then they will happily accept your $$$$.
There are certainly better ways to enjoy food in NOLA.Insanely good. Started the meal with a nice bottle of Bordeaux blend from California. Had a duck and sausage gumbo that is in the top 5 gumbos ive ever tasted. Beautiful roux that brings richness and flavour that should be illegal. For the main course I had a filet mignon topped with fried oysters over mustard greens and potatoes.  Yes you read that right topped with fried oysters and to die for. Who knew?  My wife had the lamb and again absolutely amazing. Stop reading this review and make a reservation for a culinary experience that will change your life.We had reservations at Irene's our first night in NOLA. It was recommended to us by a very good friend as well as the innkeeper at B&W Courtyards. Irene's did not disappoint.
We walked in a few minutes early and they showed us to a room to wait for a table. As we strolled through the restaurant, we got to see 3 seperate rooms where people were eating. They came to back to us and sat us in a room that bordered on the street. My wife requested the middle room which seemed to be a little more romantic. There was a table available but it was in a section of the room that didn't work for us so we went back to our original table. Man, was I glad we did. Our waiter, Dan, was one of the best. He saw a disappointing look on my wife's face and proceeded to bring over a candlelabra for "more ambiance". That put a smile on my wife's face and the evening only got better from there. What we did find out about the room we were in was that the regulars ate there so we got to here quite a bit of local gossip. It was a lot of fun. And Dan really made the night special...
Onto the food. I read some of the reviews from Yelp and decided to order the meatballs as an app as well as the the oysters Irene. Both were winners. The meatballs were awesome and they had a little spice kick to them. Very good.
Our main meals were the Drum Fish Almondine with a crab topping and the lamb chops with garlic mashed and string beans. I can say the lamb chops were one of the best I ever had at a restaurant. The wine brown sauce was over the top and the garlic mashed were incredible. My wife's drum fish was delicious as well.
We shared the praline bread pudding that came with a pecan sauce and whipped cream. My wife is not a big fan of bread pudding. You should have seen the look on her face as she took her first bite. Absolutely one of the best bread puddings we ever had for dessert.
I must say that dining at Irene's on our first night in New Orleans could not have been better. What a way to start a vacation.Service- Amazing!
Food - high quality. Multi level sophistication. Delicious! 
Setting- varies depending on the room you are in- quaint to romantic. 
I have been to this restaurant 5 times and I have had a great time every time. Dont let the italian tag fool you, it's authentic New Orleans. I think this trip its a must if in New Orleans!We were told about Irenes 15 years ago by locals, we always return.  This time we tried New Years Eve with no reservations, we got dinner finally at 11:15pm.  By then the service was not so good.  The food was ok, our fault for picking a busy night.  I will return!
I had the fish medley with pasta, there was no pasta in it.  They most likely ran out and hubby had the canneloni, he loved it.  The brushcetta was good even though it was cold.  Never got any bread, I think they ran out.This restaurant is a breath of fresh air in the FQ, if you are tired of the Cajun/Creole/fried oyster routine of most restaurants.  It is an excellent Italian restaurant with attentive service, and wonderful entrees.  It gets crowded, so be patient or eat early.  This place does not disappoint, nice sized portions, wonderful breads and respectable prices for the quality of the food. This place does not disappoint.Probably one of the best meals I've had in a long time.  The filet was like cutting into butter. The cheesecake was to die for but the pecan praline bread pudding was a slice of heaven.  Loved this meal!!Irene's is hands down one of my most favorite dining experiences ever. I ate there with a large group and didn't experience any of the dining pitfalls that usually accompany a large group reservation. Everything we ordered was fantastic. My favorite was the Duck St. Philip. The appetizers, entrees and deserts were all pretty great. The wine was spectacular. There was seven of us and we all tried every single dish and had nothing bad to say about a single one. We ate at Irene's at the end of a long week in New Orleans and it was the perfect way to wrap up an epic trip.
Tips: Make reservations WAY in advance, Try the crabmeat gratin, Duck St. Phillip and bread pudding.My gf and I were craving Italian food, and this place was highly rated so we thought we'd give it a shot. The wait to be seated was advertised as 1-1/2 hours and ended up being closer to 2. The waiting area was cramped and crowded and in the back of the establishment - it would have been nice to be given the option of a phonecall/text so we could have gone somewhere to sit and come back when our table was ready. As it was we were fighting other couples for the few seats that would open up. Normally if a place is this crowded, I'm expecting an amazing meal. I wish I had gotten that. The wait staff was friendly and helpful, so I can't fault them there. My date had the duck and liked that. I originally ordered the lasagna, but was informed they were out. Then I ordered the rosemary chicken, and the waiter kindly asked if I had a third option in case they were out of that too. Sadly, I've had better - the chicken was mostly bone and gristle. The desserts were delicious - she had the cheesecake, I the bread pudding which both came highly recommended and for good reason. The ambiance was nice and romantic. So if you're walking by the place and the wait is 30 minutes or less, it's a decent meal. But I wouldn't go out of my way for it.Definitely not the Irenes i went to 10-15 years ago.  The last time i went the marinara sauce was orgasmic.  This time barely good.  The Service was very good and the ambiance is ok.  Probably wont be returning for a while.  Too many other places to tryWe had the most amazing dinner here last night! The place is so very quaint and cozy. All of the employees were welcoming and so very friendly. We started out with the cream of zucchini soup and escargot, followed by the lamb chops and duck. All were outstanding! Service was incredible as well. Can't wait to come back to New Orleans again to have dinner here!Our second night in NOLA (8/24/17) my wife and I dined here.  We are huge Italian food fans, and this place is a mecca.  The service is outstanding and friendly, yet completely unpretentious.  The complimentary bruschetta was fine.  The veal meatballs were outstanding.  The lasagna melted in our mouths.  Wine list was fine, but the glassware was not appropriate.  I am snob about such things.  Overall, 4.5 stars.Cannelloni was awesome. Small table, low ceiling, crowded and loud. Reservations a must after 6. Good piano player in the waiting area, but no bar, waiter must fetch drinks. Food was very good but pricey.  I'd go back.this place was so great.  the food was wonderful but the staff is exceptional!  they were so amazing during the crazy hecticness of the new year.  i wanted to go here for nye but they were out of reservations.  the maitre'd told me on the phone that i could come by at 5:30 and put my name in for a later time that night, so that's what we did.  we went to the restaurant at 5:30, put our name in for 8:30 and were seated by 9pm.  they were so accommodating.  the meatballs and bread were good.  the cioppino was fantastic and the cannelloni had eggplant in it and the boy ate it all up.  it must have been good!  i tried the creole cheesecake for dessert and he had the chocolate fantasticness.  everything was so great, we couldn't have asked for a better night.  mike our waiter was so lovely and the maitre'd kept checking in on us.  would definitely come back again when i'm in new orleans.My friend found this hidden gem by accident while exploring the French Quarter. Excellent service and amazing food. We all had the filet mignon. It was one of the best steaks I've ever had in my life. I will definitely be going back next time I visit New Orleans.I bring my family here every time we return to New Orleans.  I lived here in for about a decade and ate at Irene's at least twice a month.  I can honestly say the service has always been wonderful and the food consistently delicious.  My favorites are the rosemary chicken, escargot, and creme brûlée!I just got back from Irene's and had to get back to my hotel room to regroup. It was really real. Greeted at the door by Grandma Irene, amazing old world decor, and piano playing... come on. The food was outta this world. I went with a group of people so I can say with confidence... order anything off the menu. We all enjoyed each other's meals equally. Go!
P.S. - Six beers, 1 app, 3 entrees and dessert = under $100!Made reservations for Irene's for dinner for 2. Check in was at the back. As we walked through to the back we were warmly greeted by every server who walked by. When we finally go to the waiting area it was a lovely area with private seating and a pianist at the back. Probably the best waiting area I've been to. The server kept checking back on the wait time. Every one was so friendly and the place was so inviting. I actually enjoyed waiting. When we finally got onto our seats, the food was amazing. We weren't super hungry but ate the entire meal PLUS dessert!! The food was that good!! My fiancé ordered the rib eye steak and I had the 'cervantes'. The food, wine, ambience and staff were all wonderful. I recommend for anyone looking for a romantic, memorable evening with absolutely delicious food!! Most importantly, pricing was well worth. If you visit New Orleans, this is a must!!When I was researching where to eat before my big trip to the French Quarter, I came across Irene's. Yet, when I saw "Italian" listed as the type of cuisine they serve, I thought, nope, can't do it because this Italian can only eat her father's Italian. But when I was in the French Quarter and walked by this restaurant and saw the menu items were almost all fish and meat, I had to go in!  My fish was yummy, yummy, yummy! Would definitely go back!This place won me over!
Decided that on a cold evening, a warm italian dish was in order.
The ambiance was incredible! We strolled in without resi's on a Thursday evening. We were sat in a waiting room in the rear of the restaraunt and had an amazing time. They had a piano player who was entertaining us with show tunes. Dimly lit and accented with red lights the mood was set.
We sat in the "wine room" which was quaint and quiet. I had the caprise salad which was very good, the roasted roma tomatoes were cooked perfectly. My entre was the San Francisco Cioppino was jaw dropping. The lovely mixture of drum, shrimp, mussels, and scallops was a welcomed relief from the cold outside. 
My date and I split a creme brule' for dessert which was good,not great. 
I had a great time and would highly recommend this gem on St.Phillip.Irene's is a great experience.  I have never had a reservation, but rather shown up when they open at 5:30. As soon as the doors open, the place becomes full.  The service is outstanding and not overbearing. On my last trip the Soft Shell Crab was out of season, so I got the filet, which was perfect. The appetizers are also very good. The Oysters Irene taste very fresh with tomatoes and the oysters are not over cooked and covered in stuff.  We finished it off with bread pudding, that was great.  A great place in the middle of the quarter.Very mediocre. Maybe other yelpers rated highly because it's a noncreole option in a sea of fried goodness, gumbo and jambalaya ? But five stars? Youve got to be kidding. The duck dish came with a side of sweet mash potato squirted on with a pastry bag. You know, what you would expect alongside your rubber chicken at a wedding. Oh yeah, did i mention the grapes? A cluster of grapes was the other side accompanying the duck. Maybe a nice break from the local fare but don't set your expectations too high.Horrible food and not sure what he deal is with this place? It's supposed to be great but it's very bland and our food was served cold. The filet had zero flavor.We came in without reservations, and waited about forty minutes in the front room. Fun atmosphere there, with a piano player and drinks served. Unfortunately, the smell of bleach was fairly overpowering. I can think of worse things for a restaurant to smell like, but it didn't exactly encourage my appetite. If I hadn't trusted Yelp reviews so much, I might have left.
That was the low point of the evening. The food was indeed quite delicious, and the service was warm and friendly, as well as speedy, considering the crowd. We enjoyed the tasty bread and bruschetta, then the lobster ravioli appetizer, which was flavorful, light, and ample to share for two. Then I had the cioppino (based on Yelp recommendations) and enjoyed it thoroughly. Tons of seafood (I couldn't finish it) and a memorably tasty broth. My husband had a black drum amandine that he liked. This is the kind of Italian I like best -- lots of fresh tomatoes and other ingredients, and not so much garlic that you can't taste anything.
Interesting atmosphere. Felt a bit like stepping backward in time about a hundred and twenty years.To die for...Irene's oysters, amazing wine selection and the new location is beautiful olde world style.Oh. Oh.oh oh. I LOVE YOU. If the food had sucked, I'd still have given Irene's five stars because of the staff. So thoughtful and attentive (without being cloying). But the food was the exact opposite of suck. I had dreams of this meal a few days after we left NOLA. Exactly perfect. Thank you, Irene's.Truly one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. Impeccable service and a wonderfully intimate feel.  Irene's is in the heart of things but totally removed from the chaos of the quarters. Go on pay day, get a bottle of good wine and stay for dessert. Make a night of it.I love coming to Irene's when I am back home in New Orleans. The key is to come right at 5:30PM, pay for half an hour of parking, and get in the door early!
There are no reservations and the business crowd hits Irene's really hard for early dining. So come early or come late.
The food was delicious.. The lamb chops and drum fish entrees were spot on. Great date spot with a romantic ambiance. We recommend you come again and again!
And a note on the service -- we had Daniel as our server and he was really great. He has been here for a long time and made dinner a wonderful experience.Went to Irene's last night and had an absolutely fantastic meal. Started with Caprese salad, had cioppino that was heavenly, and ended with bananas foster bread pudding that we devoured. Our waiter Drew was great...amusing and friendly, while also efficient. The Caprese had wonderfully ripe tomatoes. The broth of the cioppino was infused with fennel. Everything was just so well done. When in New Orleans, go there!Waited 2 hours in the cocktail room for a table but it was worth it! They had a piano player entertaining with live tunes so that helped. Wonderful service when we were finally sat & food just as great to follow-ordered escargot & gumbo as  apps, the duck & veal dishes as entrees and cheesecake for dessert. Escargot was more like stuffed mushrooms but everything else was unique. 
overall a positive first impression.This is our favorite restaurant. Awesome menu. Reasonable price. Ambience the best. Treated very special since it was our anniversary. We will return again and again.Our group of 5 didn't have reservations and we were seated in an hour, as promised.  Although there is a large bar area, no eating is allowed there, and a few appetizers would have been nice for the wait.  The atmosphere in the dining room is fabulous, dark and romantic.  Our server was very gregarious, assisting us in choosing our wine and appetizers for the table.  We never felt rushed and everyone was extremely pleased with their'dinner choices.  Although this was my 3rd trip to New Orleans, I had never heard of Irene's.  We made the decision to go based on a recommendation from a server at Lafitte's Bar.  Glad we went and I look forward to going again on my next trip.A bit of a long wait to get seated, made bearable by the Abita beer & the wait staff, worth the wait!!
Service was attentive, but not rushed, food was excellent...presentation was great, food was "as good as it gets".
We'll go back!Wow. Was wandering around the quarter looking for a good place for dinner and found it. Lamb shank special was outstanding. Even went for dessert which I normally don't. The praline bread pudding was just awesome.This is definitely the place to go whether you're a local or just visiting "The Big Easy".  Irene's is Classy!!! A warm lively place with great personality...stellar hospitality...and the Amazing  Italian Cuisine will speak for itself.  Ms. Irene herself might even stop by your table just to make sure you're enjoying yourself.  Make your reservations for sure and if there's a wait...maybe enjoy whoever's playing the piano in the bar. Irenes is A True Gem of The Quarters.   Don't Miss Out!!!Yum! One of my favorite restaurants in the French Quarter! The service is impeccable, and the food... Lets just say you won't be doing a whole lot of talking! For desert you MUST HAVE the bread pudding with an espresso martini!!!! Can't wait to see you again Irene!!!!AMAZING Dinner! As the couple who were leaving Irene's as we were walking in stated "You will not be disappointed!"  I ordered the Soft Shell Crab pasta and it was absolutely the highlight of my weekend..... besides the Bread Pudding, which was one of the best I have ever had in my life! My Mother ordered the Rib eye steak special that night, and she is still raving about how it was one of the best steaks she has ever eaten.  Atmosphere was cute, loved all the pictures on the walls. Music was playing in the waiting area where you could have a drink and wait for your table. The entire staff went out of their way to accommodate and make us feel welcome.  A truly memorable restaurant and night. If you are in New Orleans - You must stop in and have dinner!!!!!!!I've been going to Irene's Cuisine fairly regularly, 2-3 times a year, for the past 10 years with family or friends or dates. It's consistently a great experience. The menu is fairly small and rarely changing. That's not a bad thing; what Irene's does it does well. The food is best described as Creole-Italian, which is fitting for a restaurant who's home is in an ex-pasta factory in the French Quarter.  
It's great that they hand you a roma tomato, basil and parmigiana-topped bruschetta as you sit down and place your drink order. For appetizers, the mussels, meatballs and crabmeat au gratin are always winners. Soups are on a rotating basis; Irene's turtle soup and the lovely shrimp bisque are not to be missed. San Francisco Style Cioppino is usually available as an entree and is fabulous, too. 
Soft shell crabs are the stars of the show when in season, and they're prepared fried and placed in a dish of house-made pappardelle pasta. The entrees I usually go with are the Chicken Rosemarino or Fish Meuniere Amandine; the fish may be trout or drum or pompano, whatever's fresh. The chicken dish is chicken pieces cooked in olive oil, white wine, garlic, and lots of rosemary. It's been dry on a couple of occasions but most often it's perfect and I don't think there are too many chicken dishes that can rival it. It's similar to, and I think better than, Mosca's Chicken a La Grande.
It may not be on the list of places when you think "steak," but it should be. There's almost always a filet and/or rib eye available and they're always executed well. Seafood, foul or beef, save room for dessert. The Creole Cream Cheese Cake is at the top of list of great cheesecakes in the city and the Bananas Foster Bread Pudding ranks awfully high as well.  
Now the bad news...it's packed, Irene's three dining rooms are narrow and somewhat cramped and it's loud. They take reservations, though, and without one after early bird hours, be prepared to wait a while in the cozy piano bar area. That's not necessarily a bad thing, either. Have a drink and chat it up with some tourists. Or locals. There's bound to be both there.Six of us came in for dinner and all left happy! Great service, great food. A hidden gem!This was our favorite restaurant in NOLA.  It's on an attractive side street in the French Quarter.  You walk into the hustle and bustle of one of NO's favorite restaurants.  We had a reservation so we had a brief wait in an attractive bar area with an unbelievable jazz pianist playing.
Everything was delicious.  The spinach and cheese ravioli was so yummy and light with a delectable marinara sauce.  The soft shell crab was to die for.  I had the ribeye steak with spinach which was tender and cooked to perfection.  We finished everything off with tiramisu which was some of the best we have ever had.
It's fun, old world, New Orleans-esque.  If we were in NOLA for a week, I think we would come here at least twice.  Keep in mind that it isn't Italian in the style from Italy.  It's definitely a New Orleans version of Italian food but everything is so tasty, light and prepared with some talent and finesse.OH MY!!!
This is my first review from Irene's , but to be honest I have been eating here for 19+ years. It is my go to place for comfort food.  It is so popular that now I have to wait!!! 
So many choices.  I just love when I get a bruschetta when I sit down from Irene. 
Finally chose the special salad and almandine with resberry sorbet for dessert. 
Gotta love Irene's!!!Oh Irene how I enjoy visiting your house...er.. I mean restaurant.  Right?!? it's one of the most wonderful group of rooms all squished together to create a remarkable Italian restaurant... Most enjoyable
Make sure you go a little early or on a busy weekend evening so you can grab a drink and chill by the piano while waiting for your table.  Fun times.Went here on Friday night.  The place was packed.  We had a great server.  We ordered a Cesar salad which was good and split the lasagna.  It was just okay.  Nothing to write home about.My husband lived in New Orleans for several years.  It was hands-down his favorite restaurant while living there.  It still is!  The first time we went, it actually exceeded my expectations!  We went during Mardi Gras.  We were so fortunate to get a table without calling in advance - though I recommend reservations! There were a lot of locals there which made the experience even more fun.  The food was wonderful, our waiter was so friendly, helpful and professional.  There are many days we considering driving to New Orleans from Dallas just for dinner at Irene's!Food was good. Bread was weird, very hard. They served a Langnappe right when sat down. That was nice. The reason for three stars? The NOISE level! There were three tables with REALLY LOUD patrons. We could clearly hear every F-word that came out of their mouths every five seconds. We couldn't hear the waiter. My second complaint is the lighting is dark, the menu type is small and in script. Very hard to read!Why is the line so long for Irene's? Is there free cocaine at the end? 
No. At the end of line you will find a beautiful restaurant, excellent service, and world class food. Just like the perfect girl, this place is worth the wait.
THE DESIRE:
I tried to beat the dinner rush and place a reservation. But it was booked full. This place is so amazing you need to make one a week in advance. A week? A whole freakin' week? The only time I wait a week for anything is sex when it's that time of the month.
THE SMOOTH TALKING INTRO:
Luckily, the lady on the other line sensed my desperation. I sweet talked a little (or in others words, beg and groveled). She said that if I brought my party of eight and came right at 5:05, she would be able to accommodate us. When a woman tells me to come; without fail, I usually do.
Sensing an opportunity to impress my boss, coworkers, and important clients; I jumped at the chance to have dinner at Irene's. I was not disappointed. This is the best restaurant I have ever had the privilege of dining in. And I am not exaggerating (like the majority of other Yelpers). Just look at how few 5 star ratings I give out. Men lie. Women lie. But numbers never do.
THE FIRST ROUND:
When it comes to fine dining, it's about food and the experience. From start to finish, my experience here was perfect. We were greeted with a genuine southern smile, promptly seated at table near a fireplace, and offered drinks by our amazing server, Sunny. I ordered round of Abita beer, a local brew for the tired crew, and we settled into our chairs. 
THE FLIRTING:
Irene's has a very cozy interior that's perfect for any occasion whether it's a business dinner, family gathering, or a romantic date. But it's not a generic ambiance. There is something special about this place. It's sort of like you when you are at a fancy party and you see a pretty girl in a sea of pretty girls. All of them are dressed perfectly, but for whatever reasons she stands out. She's alluring and exotic; but somehow, feels like home. 
Get it? Don't worry if you don't. My words will never do this place justice.
As for the food, the best way to describe Irene's Cuisine is French, Italian, and American food with a New Orleans style twist. Their menu is not found online, as it changes constantly. Even though I tried bites of other people's dishes (and they were all great), I will focus on my own experience. 
THE FOREPLAY:
For starters, I had stuffed mushrooms (awesome), oysters (delicious), and escargot (amazing). Yes, I ate some sautéed snails and they were delicious.
I also ordered the soup of the day, which was butternut squash soup with spicy andouille sausage. The soup was smooth and slightly sweet. And the little spicy sausage chunks really stood out. It was the perfect blend of sweet and spicy. I guess I like my soup how I like my women.
THE BIG DEED:
For my main course, I had the Louisiana drum dish topped with crab meat and hollandaise sauce, with a side of string beans. Wow. Every bite was perfect. It was so good, I wanted to call my mama and tell her about it.
THE BIG FINISH:
For dessert, I had the bread pudding with vanilla bean gelato and cognac sauce. Oh. My. God. I think I just wet my pants thinking about it.
THE OBLIGATORY CUDDLE:
The best part of the meal was that we all loved it and my boss paid all of us. But truth be told, compared to California, the prices here are surprisingly low considering the high quality food, service, and experience that is offered at Irene's. It comes out to about $30 to $50 per person (not including gratuity), depending on your appetite and dipsomania. When - not if - I return to New Orleans, I will get in line and gladly pay for my own unique experience at Irene's. 
And I know that just like the perfect girl, it will be worth the wait.AMAZING! So charming and the staff is just lovely.. we both had the specials: starter: seasonal caprese and cauliflower soup and entree the filet then the bread pudding. This is for sure a hidden gem!!How is it that when your group made a reservation TWO MONTHS IN ADVANCE, your stuffy Maitre d' says "I'm sorry, I'm trying to help out this couple who don't even HAVE a reservation, you're table is still not ready [30 minutes later]"!  WHAT!?
Apparently it is *our* fault for planning ahead on New Years eve.  No problem, we'll take our tourist dollahs elsewhere next year.
The duck I had was tasty, I think.  I unfortunately was drunk because we had to order so many rounds of drinks to simmer our anger over the reservation drama.
Thanks to the pianist who humored my $5 tip with a few renditions of Rhapsody in Blue.  I love rubbing it into my AA/Northwest flyer friends.There are few meals that are memoriable but this is one of them. The best steak of my life. If your in new orleans this place is a must. Thanks Irene's for starting our trip off right.Ooohhhhhhhh my. This place is AWESOME!! I would definitely recommend making a reservation, though. But, we were able to get a table without one. Everyone is SO nice and accommodating. Our waiter, Scott, was so nice! 
And that not even getting into how amazing the food is! Oh mmyyyyy loorrdddd. The food is amazing. The ribeye was so good. And the chicken was the best chicken I have ever had. I can't say enough good things about this place.Waste of time. Another NOLA restaurant not caring for tourists.  Called at 8, asking to make a reservation for 8:45, but they said they are not taking names this late: first come first served. Arrived at 9:15 (they close at 10 as stated outside), and the host says the wait is 1:15 hours (past closing)...Lately I've been a big fan of fish dishes with a light sauce so the Drum Crevette was perfect! Great piece of fish with a light white wine, butter, lemon sauce served with a side of wilted spinach and corn -- all great and on the relatively healthy side! Love the ambiance here - classic New Orleans. Split the oyster appetizer with my mother and enjoyed those as well - very different from an oyster app I've ever had. Tried the soft shell crab entree over pasta - loved it. Tried the soft shell crab appetizer special as well - always a fan of soft shell crab! Tried the Drum Amandine as well - same fish, different preparation and sauce. Ready to go back!Really, really good food! This place is like a mystery woman. You wonder where she's been all your life!
Appetizers are out of this world. The lobster bisque was phenomenal. The entrees were a little over (veal chop) and under (filet) done. The quail was one of a kind. 
The service was energetic, fun and engaging. 
The decor was dark, romantic and French quarter-y. 
No Bud Light? No domestic beer of any kind? That's a little bit of a bummer. Good news is, if you need a beer, just excuse yourself, walk down the street, get you one and bring it back, It's the Big Easy, baby!
I would like to try this place on a less busy night. We went on New Years Eve. If they can get everything just right, this place would be erotic! 
Smiley face and a star.Absolutely wonderful. We are foodies from Northern California and I would say one of the two best places we ate in NO.Delicioso!  I was hesitant to eat Italian food while in Nola, but I am so glad that we did!  Great food and service.  AND I found a pearl in my oyster!If you're having dinner alone, don't even walk in there. Save yourself the hassle of being ignored. I had received several recommendations for this place and was really looking forward to trying it. Just didn't realize I needed to bring an entourage with me.Get ready to stuff your face. Prices for this quality of authentic cuisine were reasonable. The atmosphere is second to none. Intimately Italian. They have full drink service, small tables and a piano player by the matridee while you wait for your main table. Service was awesome and the food is just incredible. Plan to do absolutely nothing after your done.Irene's got a shout out on the new HBO show "Treme"!  Eat there! You won't be disappointed.This was our second visit to Irene's and it did not disappoint. We knew there was usually a line for Walk ins and it was NYE, but it worth a shot. We were seated and immediately reminded of why we love Irene's. The old world charm in the decor and the attentive staff is matched only by the incredible food. My husband had the crispy duck and I had the special which was the bone in veal chop with blue cheese polenta cake. It was divine. Pure heaven. Our server Jaron (sp?) was friendly and attentive, and the whole staff really embody that New Orleans flavor.The cheese cake is truly the best I've ever had anywhere - the fish and ribeye were outstanding as we're the sides.  Great,  competent service as well.  We will be back!Perfection!!! Ask for Dan! Best waiter in the world! Eat the lambI do not usually rate any restaurants, especially before I go out if the place. 
BUT... this one deserve a 10 and more..  food and wine was fantastic and service was excellent.  To wind it all up we had the bread pudding and it was out of this world... a 10 all the way aroundJust when you think a trip cannot get any better. With Mardi Gras beginning to roll in NOLA 
Restaurants where buzzing. I was turned away from Arnauds for not having a collar on my shirt
I know better having been born and raised  in New Orleans so I was not bitter. Just really hungry. Walking around the Quarter thinking of where I could go. Goggle this and Google that.
Then I remembered Irenes where I have not been in at least ten years. I travel to New Orleans as much as I can, but with being a chef and owner of a restaurant I don't get out much.
I called to see if I could get on the wait list knowing fully that a reservation could not be had.
They told me  two hours. I walked around the beautiful French quarter for a while then went to the restaurant. When we arrived the wait was going strong. There is a charming cocktail bar.
We ordered cocktails For me Bombay martini with an olive. The prefect size. Big.
The place is so intimate you can't ignore the people next to you. Many inter table conversations  where happening. As we spoke to the table after some chat. The lady I has been speaking had a medical condition and she felt she needed something to eat soon.
I asked the Host for some bread for her table. He said they where not allowed to serve food in bar but they would seat her as quickly as possible. I thanked him. That had a table for in two seconds.
Now the food. Turtle soup perfectly seasoned. Just the right amount of  sherry. It was a little thicker than I like it but still superb. Then  on to apps Escargot As good  as I remember it. Perfect sauce mounted on mushrooms. The crab au gratin, unfortunately I was not able to share this with anyone at the table because  it was so good. I would have ordered more. But I know its not nice to throw a monkey wrench into the kitchen. The oysters. Yummy!!!
Entree's Veal marsala. Exquisite Baby white veal I almost  cried its not served in California.
I'm sorry for the little cows.  The Trout Meniere. So fresh. Could not manage dessert but will save room next time. 
Seamless service. I forced to leave an extravagant  tip for my pleasant, competent waiter who was serving a famous New Orleans legend. Chris Owens, of course I was totally star struck.
All of the tables who where in the know knew who was sitting there. We left her unmolested  so she could enjoy her friends. At the end she was very gracious and allowed people to take pictures so we all joined in the happy birthday song at her table.  Ms. Owens was utterly charming and quite the beauty.
If you want a for true new Orleans experience This is it.Wow.  Holy wow.  This is some great Italian food.  Small place but adds to atmosphere. 
They only have 10-15 things on the menu and they have mastered them all.  Soup, salads and entrees were all great. 
They even gave us complimentary bruschetta which was delicious.  
Staff was awesome. 
Eat here if you are in New Orleans and if you like good food.I give it the most stars although there were only 2 plates I could eat (not a vegetarian city), but the rest of the crowd loved it, and the service and ambiance are impeccable...Wish I had the money to go there when I was in college in NOLA... It's really a treat.I'm writing this review from memory since it's been a couple of months since we were there.  Our driver recommended the place the day we came in but we figured we're from New York where we have so many awesome Italian restaurants there was really no point in going there. We kept passing it every night though and everyone came out raving so we decided we'd try going there our last night. We tried to get a reservation but as my fellow Yelper pointed out their reservation system is total B.S. 
On our last night we decided to drop by sans reservation and the hostess told us if we didn't mind waiting a bit they could fit us in.  She took us to the back where they have people who are waiting to be accommodated and took our drink order.  There were quite a few people waiting but lucky for us it was big groups so we didn't have long to wait.  She asked if we didn't mind sitting at a little table in the corner out front (we didn't) and we were seated within 10 minutes.  
We went for the Meatballs as a starter which were okay... I wasn't in love with them.  My boyfriend had the Cannelloni al Forno which was quite tasty but my entrée was fantastic!  I went with the Crevette which was simply sublime... I nearly licked the plate clean!  We were so satisfied with our meal that we even skipped dessert.  
The mood is romantic yet homey, the staff was precise and friendly and prices were relatively cheap.  I was surprised to hear people found them expensive, then again I'm from New York where price is relative.Superb customer service from start to finish. We arrived well ahead of our 9:15pm reservation, but enjoyed some wine and entertainment from a friendly lady pianist while we waited. The place is quaint, and being set in an old French Quarter building added to the charm. Food was excellent: fresh pasta, filet cooked to perfection and some of the best lamb chops we've ever tasted. With so many great dining options in New Orleans we are very selective about repeating, but we'll definitely return to Irene's!Great ambiance, our table for 8 was set up in approximately 10 minutes at a peak dinner time. Delicious wine, the sweet potato soup was delicious, and David, our server (cute bald guy with glasses) provided superb service. Highly recommend it.GREAT SERVICE, GREAT FOOD!!!
Loved the people here. Loved the atmosphere. Loved the food.
Delicious items we ate: oysters appetizer, broccoli and crab soup, shrimp and mussels pasta, chapino, and creme brulee. They even brought us some free bruschetta! 
GREAT food for a GREAT price!The place is still great! Been several years since I had eaten here and was so happy to find the same wonderful food, attentive service and charming ambiance.The best food in the quarter. Not a tourist trap like so many others. Didn't have a reservation but was told to come in anyway and would work us in no problem. Didn't take long. Not fast food so don't rush. From the wine and appetizers to the main course, dessert, and coffee everything including service was perfect. Takes a little time but worth the wait. Again, don't rush it, great experience to just sit back and enjoy.To me this is the best place in New Orleans ,music ,food ,wine ,drinks ,and the service!!!!!!!!!!The pictures in the wall so special! will go back for sure !We stayed in NO for two days, this is an absolute must do. I know NO has NOLA, Antoine's, K Pac and the list goes on...but this restaurant has delicious meals without the fanfare. It was recommended by our hosts.
I had the crispy duck, the mrs had the prawns. It was all great from the bread to the dessert.
The only knock I have on it is that it's not necessary N'Awlins. It's Italian, but a dish or 2, or 3, may have an NO flare but not overall.
I have to add, try to get there as close to 6 as possible. For a place that takes minimal reservations, this place fills up very quickly by the time 630/7 rolls around...from being almost empty when we got there at 6.Deeeeelish.  Meatball app.  We actually got that AND an appetizer combo platter.  
A-mazing.  Friends had ossobuco and duck, respectively.  Fantastic.  I had softshell crab in some amazing sauce over pasta.  Incredible.  It's impossible to even use any superlatives because everything was incredibly delicious.  Creme brulee for dessert.  Yes!! Highly recommend!Checked out Irene's while celebrating two friend's birthdays in New Orleans. It was HIGHLY recommended by a local who grew up in the area so we knew we had to go. The atmosphere was very intimate (ie: close quarters) and it was hot as heck but we still loved it! 
Your first impression as you walk in is "do these people know me?". The staff is so friendly. Everyone goes out of their way to welcome you in a very authentic way. Our waiter (Heath, I think) was awesome and very helpful as our group of 6 out-of-townies tried to figure out what to order.
We started with a Soft Shell Crab appetizer and Bruschetta. All anyone at the table could say was "wow!" Our dinner orders ranged from the Soft Shell Crab entree to Veal Marsala to a Snapper dish that was one of the evening specials. There was not a single scrap of food on anyone's plate when we were done. All the food was incredible! If I went back and had to order something I did not have this evening, it would be the soft shell crab which is lightly battered and served over a bed of home made pasta with a red Crawfish sauce of some kind. It was the one dish I would have traded mine for!!
The evening was wrapped up by an amazing Creme Brulee and some birthday entertainment from a couple of the waiters. It wasn't the typical sing-a-long crap either...very funny but can't share it here. You just had to be there.
All in all, it was a magical meal and amazing experience. Be sure to take the popular advice and make a reservation. Even then, you should be prepared to wait a little when you arrive. That may annoy some people but it is worth it so just go with it!When doing the French Quarter, it's easy to get distracted by the hoopla and hubbub, after all, you're more than likely a tourist. Now, be that as it may, even when I'm a tourist, I hate to be treated like I one, don't know anything, and two, am there at the expense of the locals. Even if both are true... I don't want to be treated that way... certainly if both are true!
The best way to not feel taken advantage of when in a new city and on the hunt is to try and find the places that have regulars, not just the tourist traps that the locals go to, but the spots that the regulars die for and will brave the crowds, lines, and annoying interlopers from out of town.
Irene's is such a place. I found this gem by recommendation of a nightclub manager when I was in town to perform, and I scurried over. Immediately charmed by the storefront, I knew I was going to be in for a good experience. Once inside, the piano was playing, and the front room was packed with people waiting for a table in the also small dining room.
I took a seat, enjoyed some Crown rocks and got a table about forty minutes later. I was still charmed, and spent the time I had to wait slowly dipping into a whiskey dream, people watching, and eavesdropping. 
Now... on to dinner. What a charming place! I just can't get over the decor, the professional, seasoned, well aged staff, and did I mention it yet? the CHARM! 
Okay, I had the softshell crab linguini with crawfish sauce and was blown away. Portions here run large, and I ate the entire dish. I also had a bottle of incredible wine and not at an exorbitant price. 
My tab? Not too cheap! Remember, I had forty minutes of Crown Royal rocks, then a bottle of wine... so I splurged. Spent two of days of my per diem food expenses on the one meal... and I would do it again! I can't wait to revisit Irene's, as it's always on the top of the list.
Tip: if you're staying at a swanky hotel, see if the concierge can call you in a table while you walk over. Their no reservations policy is like most restaurants with such a policy, um, flexible.We had the San Francisco seafood and duck. Both were amazing and the atmosphere is so reminiscent of France. This is a great stop in your NOLA food asventures. A bit off the beaten path so not full of your regular tourists.Once again the team delivered one of the best meals I have ever had. I make a point to enjoy Irene's every time I am in the city.  Our whole party was so pleased with the tremendous food & drinks, friendly and attentive staff, and spacious venue.  Recommend to anyone looking for a flavorful, delicious meal and elegant dining experience.Simply amazing!  Best damn ribeye I ever had  Our server David was amazing!  The sausage appetizer was perfect.I LOVED everything about this restaurant. The food was impeccable, the wait staff was caring (and downright hilarious - looking at you Orlando), and the menu had a lot of variety. Another place I'd lick the plate clean if I was in the comfort of my own home. I'm here for a couple more days and plan to go back at least once! It was a little chilly though so bring something to put over your shoulders.Amazing everything here, no complaints! The service is impeccable and the food as well.  All and all a great experience and I would highly recommend them!Dear Irene's,
I miss you, I hope to see you soon.  Whenever I think of you, I close my eyes and smile remembering our good times together.
Dear Yelp,
I hope one day you install a  "B!%ch" button or something like that to go along with "Funny", "Cool", "Useful" because anyone saying anything less than the best about Irene's needs it!  But I guess some people revel in being displeased.  They'll miss a great thing every time.
xoxo-JHard to get a reservation but well worth the effort. We have tried the Lamb the Fillet the seafood entries and have yet to find one not worth the wait and price. The appetizers are to die for and dessert is a very special event. Great FOOD great Service. Most of the wait staff has been there several years despite their young age...  WELL WORTH THE PRICE AND TIME YOU SPEND...... SUGGEST YOU GO WITH PARTIES OF 6 OR LESS TO ENJOY THE TRUE IRENE'SOutstanding food, service, and wine selection.  One of the best places to go in the city for nice evening without the children. Reservations are a must as it is very busy restaurantYum, yum, yum! Always a must stop when we are in New Orleans. Well worth it!  The Chicken dish is to-die for the soup special was delicious!Cheesecake and pianist were excellent but even better was the service. Orlando had served us, he was very attentive. Loved him and Irene's!Come here every time I'm in NOLA. It's a favorite and everything on the menu is a great choice. Get reservations and don't expect this to be a fast meal, but a chance to relax and enjoy delicious food. All the wait staff is attentive, but request Dan. Just had dinner at Irene's and Dan was able to make our experience the best we have ever had.When we walked through the cute, rounded door on St. Phillip Street into the restaurant, it felt like we went back in time. The decor is like an Italian restaurant from the 1950s and it is so inviting.  The place was full at 9:15 on a Monday but we had reservations and we were immediately greeted and taken to our table in the corner by the fireplace. Our server, David S., brought us a small plate of bruschetta and took our drink order but insisted that we take our time while looking over the menu. As we enjoyed our pre-dinner cocktails (my Sazerac was fantastic), I ordered the escargot and my husband ordered the oysters Irene and Caesar salad for appetizers. My escargot were excellent! They are served in mushroom caps and are generously sauced with a garlic butter/wine sauce. My husband's oysters and salad were also very good. After having time to talk and enjoy our appetizers, we ordered our meal- the drum meunière almandine for me and the soft shell crab pappardelle for my husband.  My husband asked David to select a good bottle of wine to go with our meal and he did not disappoint. He selected an excellent, reasonably priced bottle that was easy drinking and a compliment to our delicious meal.  After dinner, David S. arrived at our table with two complimentary glasses of champagne and a chocolate hazelnut dessert for us to share in celebration of our 14th anniversary.  Great service, attention to detail, and a delicious meal made our experience at Irene's Cuisine memorable.  We highly recommend it!Enjoyed our 15 year anniversary dinner here. Food was excellent! The lasagna was light and full of flavor. Staff was very kind to treat us to dessert. Highly recommend!Soft shell crab entree was some of the best I have had...truly ever.  Soup with stuffed crawfish was yummy. Service was friendly but not outstanding.  Cheesecake was very good...tasted fresh and homemade.  Options are limited for vegetarians...they made the ravioli appetizer into a dinner for my hubby but that was about it.  If you enjoy meat and fish you will love it!I wish I could give 4.5.
This place is pretty amazing. Very fun, and a good time for larger parties or a romantic evening. Their cocktails and the appetizers were outstanding and the entrées were very good. The small space added to the ambience. We enjoyed the piano player, the wait staff, and the unusual patrons. Not quite sure about what we saw but there were some very romantic interlude's happening in the restaurant. It was both funny and amusing. We had a great time! And will go back. In the next few months the restaurant will be moving it's long standing location further into the French quarter. I hope it does not lose it's charming and unique feel.Went on the recommendation of my sister and could not have been happier.  Our group of 12 was well taken care of by Matt, our server, and all of the restaurant's staff.  Everyone was focused on make sure our experience was enjoyed by all.  The food was scrumptious.  The location was ideal, and the decor was quirky and inviting.Fantastic and a nice break from crazy Bourbon Street.  The food was wonderful and the service was superb.Great food, good service, everything is so wonderful 
My recommendation is watermelon salad, escargot and duck st.philipAbsolutely delicious food, couldn't be more satisfied! The staff were all extremely friendly, greeted us as soon as we arrived! I would definitely recommend the cheesecake for desert!While in New Orleans over this past weekend for a bachlorette party, our group of 12 or 13 had a great time over dinner at Irene's. Our waiter was funny and didn't skip a beat with our already "well served" group. But best yet, the food was amazing.  The standouts for me were the meatball appetizers (a special), the parma prosciutto salad, and the cioppino.  
While the ambiance is perfect for a romantic dinner, it also served us well for a little girls night out.  We did make our reservations months in advance... which by reading other reviews seems a good choice by us.  This will definitely be a repeat the next time I am in New Orleans.I want to start by mentioning that this place has exceptional service. We found out about it very last minute and didn't have a reservation, and although it took quite some time to get us in, they managed to. And once they did, our server gave us exemplary service throughout the entire meal. This place will always stick out in my mind as the type of restaurant that more restaurants should strive to be like. They know they are in demand, they know they are popular, but they don't let it go to their heads (which is a lot more than I can say for some of today's trendy restaurants). 
Make a reservation. In advance. This is a small place and it is likely to be booked to the max. The waiting area is small and full. If you're lucky like we were, they will do their best to accommodate you, but who knows. It was quite late when they finally got us a table, but it was so worth it. 
I had the chicken rosemarino, which was just wonderful. The food was simple but very well executed with lovely flavors. Nothing fussy, which is just the way I like it. 
Perfect for a special occasion or date night if you feel like a bit of a romantic atmosphere. Certainly should be on your list on NOLA eateries to try.Fantastic service! Wonderful cuisine! Someone actually put their arm out to escort me to the ladies room! I damn near blushed!The lamb chops are to die for. So perfectly cooked and the glaze will send you to heaven.I was a bit disappointed. Gw finn was much better. Meal was good but not stellar. No bread puffing so very disappointed that it was not on menu.We went on Saturday and later about 8:45 but it was busy and waits to 90 minutes or so. It was good and had chicken Marsala with sweet potatoes excellent, my son had soft shell crab and loved it, good salad to boot and we splurged for a chocolate molten cake thing that was not so real sweet which we liked and it was perfect. During wait they tried to be accommodating with ice water or bought drinks from bar as well. I suggest you go but it's popular and I'm not sure they do reservations, so be prepared but again worth it!The duck was really special - incredibly tender and flavored with crispy skin. Aye an early dinner on a Th in the bar. Enjoyed the local pianist. Friendly staff and lovely decor.Don't waste your time. Told 45 minutes to wait. Left after an hour and a half. Go to to Tommie's. Great food, better service and not the wait.Outstanding restaurant in every way. 
The ambiance is so relaxing and comfortable. Our waiter was Matt, adorable young dad. Matts enthusiasm for the menu items made us want to order one of everything. 
We settled on the Burrata, tomato and Basil salad, delicious. 
We had the lamb as our main course. Great flavor cooked to your preference... So good we sent done friends in the next night.
Ended with bread pudding and a huge smile.
Customer service far surpasses anything around.This place is lucky to get one star. When you refuse service to people wearing Alabama gear who are very nice and excited to eat in your restaurant after hearing such great things you become lower than a rat infestation. Almost three hours waiting and nothing. While others were seated. What kind of crap is that?
You are an infestation and that's "fanaticism" to the highest. It's football. Get over yourself. I will never eat here and I will take my wealthy friends and family visiting to a more hospitable place.  
You would have been given the hook up with tips too. I was once neutral on this game but now I want LSU to lose just so I can blame it on karma.We love Irene's. We have for a long time. We always will.This is my parents favorite restaurant. The food was phenomenal and staff were great. We had a big party and they accommodated us, but we were pretty loud in the small space. Very Nola restaurant. Would definitely go back.I've been wanting to eat here for so long and it finally happened. what an amazing experience! 
we basically tried all the appetizers lol ravioli, fried veal stuffed olives, crabmeat gratin, escargot, and oysters. the ravioli was perfect; the red gravy was delicate and sweet. it was perfectly executed...as was the rest of the meal.
I had drum meunière and also tried one of my dining companion's filet. yum. 
the service was outstanding. I'm originally from Alabama and the server was from mobile so we bonded over that. his wine rec was on point and we wanted for nothing during the course of a long meal. we had several cocktails - they don't have a fancy cocktail menu so we stuck with martinis. it fits the vibe of the place - classic. there's even a sweet man who plays the piano in the back room. I will be back.First, the positives. The atmosphere and service is excellent. This is the perfect place for a quiet dinner. We were treated well, our waiter was attentive, and it's reasonably priced for how nice it is. 
However, the food doesn't live up to the Yelp reviews. We had the mussels and duck, which were decent but nothing great. However, after being promised the best lasagna I have ever eaten, I'm sad to say that I was disappointed. It was mostly tasteless and cold. Heat it up and spice it up!  
With so many decent restaurants in the area, I wouldn't go back.First of all, Irene's cooked the best filet mignon I have ever had. If you like steak, get it. You will not regret it. The service is great, the atmosphere is amazing, and their employees are fun. It is small, so get a reservation if possible to avoid a long wait.Took friends of ours to Irene's for their last dinner before departing back to boston. The food was amazing. Looked like we all licked our plates.
My favorite place for dinner & did not disappoint. So much so, after friends left, hubby and I returned the very next night. We met Irene, who was delightful. She sent over a dessert, which was not on the menu and I think it was the best I have ever had.
Can't wait to return!! Class act place with a stellar staff.Watch it!   This place is small, and very popular.   We had a reservation for two, so only had to wait a few minutes...... BUT...... then were given the worst table for two in the house, by far.  Right in a high traffic corridor, tiny table.  Highlights included a drunk tourist loudly congratulating us for getting 'the honeymoon nook', and waiter and his helper unloading all the dirty dishes from a table of 8 right next to my head (waiter was scraping and stacking while helper was holding the stack).  We also got the pleasure of a waiter apparently in training.  He was attentive but merrily decided to pour the dregs of one glass of wine into the new one.  Luckily they were the same wine......
Unfortunately the food (although good) was not enough to overcome the events above.GOOD food - not GREAT food. Menu is small & not exactly what you think of when you think Italian.  Plenty of good food elsewhere in the Quarter with little wait.  Not worth the 2 hour wait that I'll never get back.  My expectations were too high based on the reviews read prior to dropping in.
Service was very good.This is my second visit here and it was as good as the first.  Took someone who was visiting from Belgium and they loved it.  The food is just as described on the menu and te wait staff are very knowledgable about the food.  Be advised that this is a popular place for locals and visitors so booking of a table well ahead of time is advised.OH MY GOODNESS !!!!!! Where do I begin!! My husband brought me to New Orleans for my 25th birthday!! Irene's was the first restaurant we discovered. Our waiter David was like no other. He was fun, exciting, and you could tell he loves people!! The food was even more amazing, like OMG!!!!!!!! We had turtle soup and so much other food I can't even remember. We ended with my favorite dessert Crème Brulee for my birthday!! Irene's will always be our favorite!!As I suspected, the more I go to Irene's, the better we are treated. The waiter said it best when he said "...so you know we emotional abuse you with the wait first and then we feed you a meal that makes you forgive us, right?". That was the perfect sentiment.
 Not only does our waiter tell us what's good, but he remembers what we've had before and will tell us if it isn't the same. There is no bait & switch like you might see elsewhere, and if no other reason than that, i'll tell you that you should suffer the wait and you will be thankful that you did.Amazing service and attention to detail at this delicious little Italian place on the edge of the French Quarter. A special shout out to Demetrius! Food was fantastic ... Fresh fish, delish mussels. Great food and top-notch service for a great price. Was recommend to me by two locals and they were spot on. Can't wait until I'm back in June.Irene's Cuisine made for a fun evening in both the back bar (with live music) and the dining room. The wait staff is saucy and likes to dish it out with the guests, which works for me. Others may not enjoy this so much, but knowing that now, just avoid the place.
The dining experience was somewhat of a mixed bag as the salad and appetizer were just okay, but the entrees were quite good. We experienced the crusted lamb chops and the fish special that day (Drum). Both were cooked very well, and were tasty. The service is very attentive and lively, with the traditional white coats and table mannerisms. The cocktails were well poured and presented.....I think they have done this before! All in all a very good choice, and I will definitely return.When we first arrived we weren't sure what to expect because it was 4:45 and there was a line outside waiting for them to open. It was crowded inside when we finally got in, and we though the food was good. I had the lasagna and my coworkers had the shrimp pappardelle. I would go again.It's hard to rate this old school, homey, italian restaurant in New Orleans.  On one hand, I was there with someone known to the house.  This resulted in over-the-top service, little extras from the kitchen (olives stuffed with veal, FTW) and extra special wine.  The dining room, and especially the convivial room with our special table, was a beautiful expression of New Orleans atmosphere.
But looking through the jaundiced eye of the average diner, I can't help but observe that Irene's really is a red sauce italian place of fairly pedestrian merit that charges a lot for New Orleans.  Don't get me wrong - the food is tasty.  I really enjoyed my fried soft shell crab balanced atop some hand made tagliatelle, and the tiramisu was of the kind of that reminds one why that dessert is popular.  My friend's cheesecake, though perhaps not "better than anything in New York" as promised, was distinctive and delicious, ricotta undertones and citrus playing off against each other to great effect.  But in the end, there are plenty of such restaurants in any big city with an italian population.   You go here for the distinctive atmosphere, especially if you're with a regular.  The food?  Well, it's not really the point.Great restaurant and excellent service. My wife has the homemade lasagna and I had the duck. Both were fantastic. We finished up with the house cheesecake. Outstanding as well.
The downsides? They are very minor ones, but worth pointing out. First are the reservations. Even if you make reservations, you will most likely still wait to be seated (the restaurant is popular after all). Two, the place is fairly noisy and the tables are pretty close together so it isn't the most intimate of settings. And lastly the prices should be $$$ not $$. Dinner for two with one glass of wine (2 salads, 2 dinners, 1 dessert) was $72 (not including tip). There is just no way to stay under $30/person if you get a salad, dinner, dessert and a single drink.