J's Seafood Dock was not busy, quick to take our order, and had plenty of seating. 
The jambalaya was really flavorful with just the right amount of heat, but very short on andouille and chicken. It had no shrimp in it at all. 
'Real Creole Shrimp Tacos' were more like real creole lettuce tacos. Maybe we should have known because the sample did not have a lot of shrimp so we ordered at our own risk. Flavorful sauce and tasty tortillas though.Located at the Farmers Market in the French Market district. You basically order at the counter then pick up your food. There are a few patio tables/chairs where you can dine in as well.
Definitely get the peel and eat boiled crawfish and bbq shrimp!!! Freshest crawfish I've ever had and doesn't have an aftertaste that lingers. If you've never had crawfish, make sure you research how to open 'em up before you try 'em cause you'll be missing out. These crawdaddies are cooked with some vegetables (celery and onions) and it does have about a 6/10 spice to it; so I wouldn't recommend it to those who can't handle spice very well. I believe the market price was $12/lb so a bit pricier than other crawfish joints in NOLA. The BBQ boiled shrimp was very tasty as well! It came with bread drenched in garlic butter. My boyfriend and I also shared the crawfish beignets which were okay, it felt like they were sitting out for awhile waiting to be picked. These crawfish beignets resembles a hush puppy with a few pieces of crawfish tails inside. I would probably pass on them next time. Make sure to order yourself a side of fries too to sorta help fill your tummy up!
If you're trying out the peel and eat, make sure to bring some wet wipes/hand sanitizer to use right after. Restrooms are a bit tricky to locate. I believe the closest restroom would be in the flea market area of the French Market District.Got the charbroiled oysters. They were great. Little heavy on the garlic. Took a while, but I was made aware there would be a wait.It was so good we had to come back twice and bring a friend. The Charbroiled Oysters  and the Shrimp Boat is magnificent. The owner J and the rest of the crew were a delight as well. They are pretty laid back so if your a east coaster like me go next door to the organic banana and get a rum infused piña colada or daiquiri and chill until your food is ready. I highly recommend you stop by If your visiting the French Market if your not I say go there anyway!Ok - this place is kind of an market experience. Do not expect fine dining! 
You need to go to the opposite side of the oyster/crawfish bar and get a ticket. Yes, there's some wait. Then you go back to the bar and give the ticket to the oyster and / or the crawfish dude and they'll work on your ticket. If the crawfish isn't ready it takes 30 min for the new batch, the oysters are ready whenever the oyster guy gets to your ticket. All in all we waited 45 min - SO WORTH THE WAIT!!!!!Great fresh oysters! Ordered a half dozen and sat down enjoy them and people watch. Only thing that could have made them a bit better would to be a little more chilled. I love my oysters cold!Love this place located in the French Market, run by a local family, has all the charm of New Orleans and family.  They now have a full oyster bar where crowds can watch the shucker as they pass him bye, he has a great sense of humor and it adds to the charm of the place.  
Only negative food takes a little while, but it is worth it, and it's a little pricey, but again most of downtown New Orleans tends to have an inflated price.Boiled crawfish was the best!  Especially when they've just made a batch and the crawfish are piping hot.  Definitely on the spicy side.  I can't tolerate spicy food that well, and I would call it moderately spicy.  
Charbroiled oysters - flavor was good but oysters were overcooked.  I had better at Royal House.  
Oyster creole - basically fried oysters on top of artichoke(?) dip.  Really good but too expensive to be worth getting again.  
Would definitely visit here for the boiled crawfish.LOVE THIS SPOT!  It's in the French Market so don't expect something super fancy, but man do they hustle.  We got the shrimp and crawfish, boiled up perfectly.  The oysters take forever to come but that's because they are shucking them just as fast as they can and the lines are long!Yassss! I knew that whenever I got the chance to head over to NOLA I would have to make a pit stop here. After watching Justin Duncan (the owner) on Big Brother Over the Top, I was curious to try out his restaurant. 
My family and I stopped by J's Seafood for lunch today and we absolutely loved everything we got. I got the Fried Crawfish tails and practically inhaled them because they were so good. My sister got the Crawfish Beignets and said they were very tasty. My mother got a shrimp boat, and could not stop praising how much she enjoyed the fried shrimp. We are from South Florida, but she told me that these were the best fried shrimp she had ever eaten. My Aunt got the Shrimp and grits that were also very good. 
The only negative thing I will say is that the time for the food coming out was a bit sporadic. There was probably a ten to fifteen-minute interval for each of our items coming out. This is a great place to stop by for lunch and I would recommend it to anybody heading into French Market.Good food--easily passed up if you don't know to look for it inside Frenchman's outdoor area.  
We had raw and grilled oysters, along with a fried oyster dish atop some sort of spinach cream concoction.  We liked the grilled oysters the best.  The price is right and the service is friendly--walk up bar for food, they deliver to your table in the common area.  There's a bar with daiquiris next in the booth next door so you'll be set with a minimum of fuss.Ended my trip with J's in the French Market. Coupled with a pint and a pina colada smoothie from the booth to the left, my date and I were ready to take on more oysters. We split an order of jambalaya, a dozen charbroiled oysters, a dozen raw oysters, and a pound of boiled shrimp. The charbroiled oysters were definitely not as good as the ones on Bourbon Street but the raw dozen made up for the others' shortcomings. Skip the shrimp, and come during crawfish season. I got my hopes up thinking crawfish was available off-season as it was still written on the chalkboard menu Definitely made the mistake of not ordering the shrimp and grits--stuff looked mouth watering. 
This place is expensive but everything is served up fresh and made to order, it seems. Don't forget to tip the bad motha shucka!Got a pound of crawfish ($12/lb) and a dozen oysters ($17) recently and they were good but not great. The crawfishs were nicely boiled and seasoned nice and spicy. We got the first batch boiled that day and it took a long time for them to get ready. I also did see them dumped the previous day's leftover into the batch after the initial cook. I guess that's to be expected but hate to see it done. Anyway, what was dumped in wasn't that much, so it wasn't an issue, BUT that's probably not always the case. As for the oysters, they were actually a tad smaller than other places, e.g., Felix's. However, they also skimped on the lemon slices as well, going for quarter wedges, which was disappointing since it was barely enough. Anyway, service was slow as all heck (probably waited like 30 min between ordering and getting served) and certainly did not come with a smile either.How could I not gladly wait 45 minutes and come back to order because the crawfish were JUST coming in from off the boat?! You can't get fresher than that. 
I got a whole pound of freshly boiled crawfish and loved every bite. They were sweet, tasty and boiled in great but subtle spices. 
We sat at the counter where they shuck fresh oysters and it was picturesque. Better than a sit down restaurant for this kind of seafood experience.The oysters are fresh and amazing. The best oysters I have tried. We searched and searched and found this lovely small stand. Def does not disappoint.  I recomend the Oyster Creole. Its to die for. Its a fried oyster on a bed of creamy spinach type sauce. Add a spladh of hot sauce for a kick and voilà AMAZING. Did I mention its also a resonable price. MUST TRYTry the shrimp and cheese grits. Best I've ever had. Could eat it every day for every meal.This little food stand had such delicious seafood. We tried their charbroiled oysters, shrimp and grits with jalapeño, and boiled shrimp! It was sooo cold, but the grits were perfectly warming and so satisfying. Service is great too!Great oyster but everything else was just meh. Below average BBQ shrimp (shrimp was way over cooked and sauce was bland). Extremely slow service. I had a feeling that I got a bit rick rolled by reviews on this one. Will not try again.Really fresh oysters - 1 doz for $17.  Very fresh and the shucker pointed out how the color of the shell indicate the quality of oyster.  These were so good we each ate  a dozen!This place right here.... Freshest crawfish boil & raw oysters EVER!!!  The "Bad Mutha Shucker" was AWESOME!!! He made you feel like part of the family!! Sucking heads and pulling tails has never been so much fun!!! If you are a raw oyster virgin the Bad Mutha Shucker is very willing to show you the way. Happy Birthday Stefan 35 & holding!!!Amazing service and even better food.  Only been in New Orleans 3 days so far and we hit this spot twice,  And probably will hit it everyday until we leave. I have to try the rest of the deliciousness on the menu. "Don't come here if you on a diets" says the owner, he is so right.10 Stars if I could do it... I fell in love with New Orleans at this oyster bar. Chuck was incredible company. By far the best crawfish I have ever had. We visited out of season and still experienced fresh big incredibly seasoned crawfish. The oysters are another highlight. "Chuckalucka the Mother Shucker" shucks them right in front of you. Very meaty and clean. The entire experience was a pleasure from start to finish. We returned the next day and will definitely be back again.The food is good, but the service is horrible. We ordered four different meals at the same time and they were served and completed at completely different times. UnacceptablePros: 
-I was able to visit the French Quarters. 
Cons: 
-My catfish royale tasted more like a perfume than actual fish.
-The "show" dish was nothing but false advertisement. 
-The deep fried crawfish was less than a child's handful of crawfish tail meat that was on top of a large bed of spring mix. 
-The girl handling the register and taking orders not only went to the back to touch her hair, but also touch my food with her bare hands. 
Never again.Man oh man was this some delicious, fresh amazing seafood. The service was prompt and all the food was everything we thought it would be. We tried the BBQ Shrimp, Boiled Shrimp and Hubby had the Seafood Quesadilla. Boiled Shrimp was my favorite but everything was so good. Definitely a must try.I'm from Southern Cali and I always come here when I visit. I would never order crawfish back home but I always love the spicy crawfish here. It's pretty spicy but you can't stop because it's so good. My family and I were able to share 2 lbs between the 4 of us and we were fine for a small lunch. They don't have different spicy levels FYI. When we ordered we also got our food very quickly probably because all we got were the crawfish and it was already made.I am now back home in Las Vegas but I am still thinking about those Nola shrimp and grits! Loved this place. I got the Jambalaya, shrimp and jalapeño grits and the spiced shrimp and everything was very delicious! Didn't catch her name but the lady in the front was very nice and had a lot of patience with me when I was asking questions about the food haha. I went back the next day to check out the other venues :)Upset that the line for Acme is around the block? Your charbroiled oyster fix can be had right here in the middle of the French market. 
If you don't mind ruining your shirt and/or you are more coordinated than I am, the crawfish are big and beautiful and $10 a pound. Grab a tray, post up at one of the tables and get in there. Don't forget to suck the heads.Really Really good food! You can't go wrong here, they display the food items they sell vs a simple menu. If you're Into oysters and crawfish this is the place!Fries crawfish tales were good, but the seafood beignets were doughy.  Next time I'd skip the hot food and get 2 doz oysters.  Some of the best oysters I've had anywhere!  And the shucker was entertaining.Located in the French Market. Was number 3 of 5 in crawfish boil tastings in the French Quarter. We came early around noon and took quite a while to get the crawfish. It has more of a lemongrass seasoning. Grab a table and listen to music and enjoy people watching. Fries were shoestring and pretty good.
Crawfish ratings:
MRB
Foodfest - Bayou Barn
J's Seafood Dock
French Market restaurant
Market CafeBoiled shrimp had great flavor and the fried crawfish was good. I would eat the food again but the girl at the counter seemed miserable. I paid for sodas separate and she sent us to sit down without any drinks...we had to ask the guy that brought us our food for them. She also owed me a dollar in change which she said she was going to give me when the food came out but I never got the dollar. I wasn't going to argue over a dollar either. Oh and we tipped her too before that by the way. Experience was ehhh overall.Awesome crawfish...fresh with perfect seasoning.  Definitely will be back for more on next visit.Get here for early lunch. By 2 they start running out of stuff. Had craw fish, and enjoyed it. Niceley spiced and freshly cooked. Love the outside seating area.They have a mini show of their menu options on display. Everything looked great but tasted even better.I came across this small jewel while exploring the French Market seeking something light to eat while I continued shopping. This place did not disappoint! I got the steamed shrimp basket with a crawfish pie. The food was prepared to order, served up hot and fresh. The food was rich and flavorful so if you prefer food more on the bland side definitely ask how the dishes are prepared for your liking. My shrimp basket had some kick but I like spicy. Also note that this is a food stand so public seating is adjacent from the counter and just a reminder it is located within the market so it caters to pedestrian traffic. If you're driving it may not be that simple to pickup on the fly because you'll need to find street parking but it's worth it.Located in the most charming market, it's not a wonder that this place is great. Surrounded by terrific seafood stands, it still shines.
The menu is well rounded and delicious. The soft shell crab boat was good, but not the best. The barbeque shrimp, however... god lawdy lawd. I would take shots of that sauce as if I were visiting Bourbon street on my 21st birthday. 
The oyster bar was extremely fresh and impressive as well.
It did take a WHILE to get our orders and the seating is a bit limited and unpleasant.
That's all I can say. Man, I miss that shrimp.Friendly service and tasty food!  Fresh seafood: perfectly cooked shrimp and they weren't lying about the crawfish being spicy!  But cool it down with a blended drink from the Organic Banana stand next door.We came for the char grilled oysters we have heard so much about ... They were awesome!!  Fun place in the French Market, they close at 6 so don't be late like we were the first night we tried.Amazing service and even better food.  Only been in New Orleans 3 days so far and we hit this spot twice,  And probably will hit it everyday until we leave. I have to try the rest of the deliciousness on the menu. "Don't come here if you're on a diet" says the owner, he is so right.THE PLACE in New Orleans for BBQ Shrimp! Also had the raw oysters which were as fresh as could be and shucked perfectly. Good prices. Family-run and everyone is extremely friendly. Will make this a permanent part of our NOLA experience from now on. Oh...and J on the cash register is an entertaining piece of work. (He asked me to mention him.)This place is so good I'm actually embarrassed it took me so long to write a review.  I was in town with a crew of friends and we stumbled across this place after strolling through the French Quarter.  It ended up being one of our favorite and most memorable sports; we still chant. "Pinch the tail and suck the head."   We had so much fun eating and drinking and singing with the greatest mother-shucker this side of the Mississippi, that we came back a second and even third time during our three day trip.  If you're looking for great food, great fun, and a great atmosphere you couldn't ask for a better place.This is by far my favorite seafood place in New Orleans.  I absolutely love everything they make here!!  The seafood is always freshly caught that morning and the chef's really know how to add that authentic creole touch.  When they say straight out the creole pot they mean it.  Be sure to get yourself the char broiled oysters, crawfish, and shrimp boat... hell, get everything. You can't go wrong.  Also, ask about their catering services. The staff is really friendly and will customize your experience to be exactly what your looking for.  It doesn't stop with just what is written on the menu... They are awesome.I tried this place because I was walking through the French Market and wanted some fresh seafood early in the morning. I came at the right time (10 o'clock hour) because they were cooking the crawfish and the aroma it produced was so tempting. My French Market buddy and I ordered two pounds of crawfish and it was the best crawfish I had on my trip (I only ventured through the French quarter). It was hot, juicy, and full of seasoning. If you aren't keen on spicy foods, beware! This is not the crawfish for you. My buddy ordered oysters as well and because we sat at the bar, we were able to watch them shuck them right in front of us. This is great place to go if you want to eat, people watch, and listen to the sounds of the French Quarter. To go, I ordered a shrimp quesadilla and although it was good, one side of it was a tad bit over cooked. Unfortunately, I didn't realize it until I got back to the hotel room.I grew up in New Orleans and I had never eaten char grilled oysters.  My hubby had been dying for me to take him to "The Big Easy" and I did.  We enjoyed ourselves and had tons of food but the last night we found J's Seafood while walking through the French Market.  My hubby decided to try the oysters and i decided to just watch.  When they came out the smell was amazing I just had to have one, then two.....Needless to say we ordered a dozen more and wished we had one more night just to have lunch at J's Seafood.  The owners are the most charming folks with tons of that Southern Hospitality.  Can't wait to go back!J's is the biggety biggety biggety BOMB.com. LOVE it. Will CHANGE yo life and understanding of the REAL deal on chargrilled oysters and a SHRIMP boat to rememberWe got a plate of a dozen of raw oysters. An amazing experience.
An experience was nothing I have ever got close to in any of the 'proper' 'sea food' restaurants.
The guy operates right on the street: takes oysters from the table and splits them into two parts with a knife right in front of you. Once he got enough of those prepared, he puts them into a large plate to gives to the next customer. Once in a while he brings a basket of new oysters to refill the supplies.
The guy brings a lot of fun to the process and is extremely positive and conversational. Tells a lot of stories and makes a lot of jokes (friendly ones). Was fun just be around while waiting for our turn.
If you like oysters and would like to try the real stuff -- check it out.
Be prepared to:
* wait some time as the line might be quite long and you don't see it
* you might just chill out somewhere nearly or go for a drink in the meanwhile if waiting  takes too long -- there is a lot of places around.So I was in NO with 7 other friends to celebrate over the weekend prior to the weekend before Fat Tuesday. We mostly ate out over the course of four days. Our third stop was the Seafood Dock at the French Market on N. Peters around lunch time on a Saturday. For me the French Market is similar to Eastern Market in DC or a smaller outdoor version of the Reading Terminal Market in Philly. Vendors hawk all kinds of Mardi Gras stuff, jewelry, purses, t-shirts etc. and there are also lots of places to eat--cue the Seafood Dock.
So we looked at several food stalls and settled on the Dock because the line was long (normally a sign of good food) and it smelled pretty good. Ordering is somewhat chaotic because there is no line, just people bunched up near the cash register. They were out of the first two things I requested so I settled on the Shrimp boat (essentially a poboy) and one of my friends got the shrimp grits. It took just over 15 minutes to get the food. 
While waiting I looked behind me at the oyster bar where a guy was shucking oysters and noticed the crawfish. Note that if you want crawfish, you need to order them at the Seafood Dock register, then take the receipt over to the person in oyster/crawfish stall. The price was $12 per pound. Unfortunately, the crawfish were very small and it seems like they were pulled up before they got big enough which is usually around early March. At any rate they were heavily seasoned and spicy so we worked with those little tails the best we could. The shrimp boat was fine, however I will say that the shrimp grits were some of the best I've ever tasted. My biggest gripe is the price--we paid nearly $50 for two shrimp boats, one shrimp grits, one order of crawfish beignets and a bottle of water.  The food is seasoned well and taste good but I think you could find equally good food at a better price.A tourist trap for sure but the food was decent for a quick snack. We had oysters and fried crab claws.Was in New Orleans for the weekend and enjoyed some of their seafood. Fast and professional service. Food was ridiculously good. Even got a chance to enjoy their "dance culture", while eating my big head shrimp outside. Will def be back!!The prices are high for the portions/quality you receive. The prices are comparable to other reputable seafood brick and mortar restaurants (acme oyster house, etc). The fried oysters were good but the grilled shrimps were served overcooked and shriveled. The lady working at the service counter was very friendly and helpful. I'm not itching to go back as I have already been to other great restaurants for seafood.Yum yum yum! The fried oyster baguettes are one one of our favorite meals in NOLA! The service is excellent and the food was fresh and out in a timely manner. The oyster shucker was singing and making people laugh.Not that impressed. Many items out of stock when it's still mid afternoon. Seems to be overpriced comparing to the casual sit down places in the area. I do like the oyster stand ambiance. That's it.My food was delicious I order charbroiled oysters & 
tried the raw oysters.
The service was awesome  I WILL BE BACK 
Thankyou Mr.Chucoluck  for the experience.Excellent fried soft shell crab.
The oyster shucker across the walk way is also very friendly and knowledgeable.
A good top for a quick bite or snackI come here every time I'm in NOLA, and it's never disappointed. Plus you have a team of HILARIOUS creole people who make you laugh the whole time you eat your food. Try sitting at the oyster bar for the best entertainment and food in the market.Arrived on a mega rainy day, so they had a crawfish shipment delay. Because of that, we got to see how they it from start to finish and experience it as fresh as it can ever be.
- Shrimps were juicy and seasoned well & extremely fresh.
- Crawfish beignet were more like a hush puppy, but super yummy. It only comes with 2 though.
- Crawfish boil- Super flavorful from head to tail. It does not come with corn or potato like some other places might. 
TIP: 1-1.5lb of food per person I would suggest. Mix it up w/ the shrimp!First experience with crawfish boil..gave us a sample ..showed you how to pop off the tail and peel and eat it!! Great place!!  Very good food and very friendly!Just got back from a trip to New Orleans and I have to say that my favorite meal was at J's.  We tried the fried pickles (with a dill dipping sauce), fried shrimp (with amazing tartar sauce) and raw oysters.  Everything was great... but the oysters were out of this world.  Shucked right in front of us by a super friendly man (sorry, can't remember his name.)  They would have been delicious without any condiments but I added a little Crystal hot sauce and some of J's special cocktail sauce.  Yum.  I will definitely go back!On my first trip to NOLA, I was on a mission to get the best darn oysters and some damn goo crawfish. So as soon as the plane landed, I beelined for the closest, freshest crawfish I could find. J's Seafood came pretty well recommended by Yelp! and was featured on the next day's Road Food Fest site. 
Over the course of our 4 day stay, we ate here twice...which is notable since neither myself, nor my bf, are the type to eat at the same place more than once in a trip to a city so known for their food. But J's served up hot, fresh, juicy crawfish, boiled right in front of your eyes with a blend of veggies and spices. We also ordered up some of their barbecue oysters too, which were phenomenal!! 
Our trip was full of great, seafoody goodness but we'll be coming back to J's every time we visit. The staff is awesome. The food is great. And you really can't beat it for a quick meal. So stop by J's and prepare to get dirty, sucking the head and biting the tail!!  ;)
Note: while it's buzzing with locals too, it's a bit of a tourist trap so it's not the cheapest crawfish in town. But certainly worthy every cent! Grab a beer or a bloody mary from the place next door for the perfect lunch!Came for the boiled crawfish. We were not disappointed one bit. They are soaked in rich spices. Soooooo good.Was out to get some breakfast to start off my day and came across these guys. The displays looked great and so I thought this looked like a good option.
Unfortunately they are very very very slow to get the food out. I waited over 20 minutes for my order to come, I only ordered one thing and they weren't even that busy. Frustrating!While you may not have to wait on a line to get your seafood fix, you better be prepared to wait a super long time before your food is ready. It took about 25 minutes for a fried shrimp sandwich which was good but not worth the wait, especially to eat outside in the cold.We had a dozen raw oysters, the shrimp tacos, and some fries. First, the woman working the register was not friendly. I wanted to order crawfish boil. She told me that it was going to be 15-20 minutes, so we decided to skip those. We should have just waited. We could see where the were cooking. They were done well before we got any of our other food. I went up to the counter once to inquire and the woman was very short with me. While we waited, I decided to buy a soda. All I had was a $20 and she told me she wouldn't break it. I tried to pay with my debit card, but she said they have a $4 limit on cards. (Nevermind that I had just spent $34 on food.) Overall, it didn't live up to the hype. The food was good, but it wasn't worth the frustration of the poor service.Before I begin, I know the French Market is a tourist trap, but I was craving a crawfish boil and shrimp and this place was at hand.  J's Seafood Dock is actually a booth next to Organic Banana.
Overall, I enjoyed the process of waiting for my crawfish more than actually eating it. The crawfish boiler was set outside of the booth in a open area so the crowd could watch the unveil.  The cook came out singing songs and then handed out servings using checkered paper boats.  The actual crawfish I got was of questionable freshness, salty as hell, but oddly satisfying to eat.  
I also ordered the shrimp, but it came with no song and appeared from the back area of the booth.  Unshelling and de-veining the shrimp was a pain, but again the process of doing so, made eating the shrimp gratifying. 
In some, not something I need to do again, but I am glad I tried this place at least once. If you are in the area and looking for some simple seafood, you could do worse.You cannot leave NOLA without having crawfish boil and this place was the perfect place.  Grab a table, some Organic Banana drinks and eat while you people watch the people at the French market =)I was dying to come here after some Yelp research when thinking about coming to NOLA and I am so glad I did! Crawfish wasn't in season so I couldn't get it boiled but we did get some fried which I imagine were frozen but still very very delicious and fresh. We got oysters on bread with spinach and cheese and MY OH MY. My boyfriend who is trying to try new things (who eats no vegetables whatsoever) absolutely loved them. The lady working the counter was so helpful in helping us pick out what to order. Best view while eating some good seafood! I totally recommend itIt's hidden in the market, but it is well worth the trip. Crawfish, shrimp, and fries were delicious.  I will make a trip just to go eat at J'sMy favorite stop in New Orleans, not kidding. Every time I visit I have to get the Oyster Creole. The girl at the counter is always sweet too. Amazing! Thank you!I purchased 2 shrimp tacos and a diet coke, for over $12.00.  They were good but not worth the price since I've had better at Rubio'sWe decided to stop for a minute and sit as we walked around the French market. We saw the raw oysters and instantly went to J's. The oysters were good and fresh. Not the best i had while in NOLA, but Stephan aka The bad Muthashucka, was a delight. I like people with personality. He totally made the experience. He was a little backed up because he shucks for the oysters they bake and grill in the kitchen too. I didn't mind one bit, because homeboy was a trip. He is a real cajun boy and does his job well. I would certainly come back to J's just to chop it up with Stephan. Make sure to grab a drink next door then come here. ENJOYBomb!!! Crawfish was HELLA good especially the seasoning it's cooked in. Oysters were big and tasty! Our first time trying Shrimp and Chesse Grits it was ok just not our thing, but worth trying. The guy shucking the oysters was very funny and entertaining!! A Go To Spot if you ever come to New Orleans! Would go back in a heart beat!!I honestly wanted to give this place a good  review.  I ordered the shrimp boat and fries.  The shrimp boat is $12.  They were out of bread so he gave me a discount. So I ordered a side of fries too. $2. My shrimp had a slightly burnt taste. As if they had not changed the cooking oil quite some time and they were overcooked.  The fries were just okay.  I'm in NOLA so I expected love in my food. I'm still disappointed. :(Tasty fresh crawfish with just enough kick! It was the perfect snack. Lots of work for a little bit of meat but it was perfectly seasoned, left us wanting more  would definitely come back.I say the rating for this place was overrated. Poor service. No friendly smile or a hi. The wait was about 30min for the food. Only ordered 2 items.Chet and Stephen are the baddest mutha shuckers in NOLA!! Make sure you stop by for some fresh oysters and fun times at their counter in the farmers market area on Decatur St!
We were hooked the first day we stopped by and came back for lunch everyday of our trip!
Had the shrimp boat twice, multiple orders of raw oysters shucked in front of us, jambalaya, char grilled oysters, and crab claws. Everything was amazing and cooked fresh to order.
This is a must do spot when you're in NOLA. Family owned and super friendly!!!This little food counter situated in the heart of the French Market is a gem!! We went first the other day and my husband got a half dozen oysters. The "bad motha shucker" was here and so entertaining. Great conversation and I was told the oysters were awesome. We also tried the crawfish beignets which were really good as well! 
We'd been wanting to try crawfish but weren't sure we could take down a whole pound. So we asked and were given a sample of 5 to try, and also a demo since us Californians didn't know where to begin. They were very flavorful and actually much better than I'd anticipated.  Not overly seafoody (since I don't love super fishy tastes) but very well seasoned. 
But by far my FAVORITE thing we ate here was the BBQ shrimp. It's served with a baguette drenched in the garlicky sauce and oh my GOD! I could eat that all day. So flavorful and delicious. Definitely a must try!!
Awesome environment, people and of course food. A don't miss for a NOLA visit!Chris is AMAZING. He gives superb customer service and treats you like family, not a paying patron. I DEMAND he gets a raise or manages the place or SOMETHING. The jambalaya was amazing. The oysters were very good as well. We sampled them and then we bought some. Definitely a necessary stop when you go to the French Market .my husband and I bought one pound each of crawfish and shrimp, both were amazing flavor, the shrimp we had a little trouble peeling as the meat seemed to want to stick to the shell but we worked it out.. watch the time because these guys close when the market does. we went back the next day for to grab some more for dinner at 7pm and they were closed.Great little gem in the middle of the French Market. The charbroiled oysters have "extra cheese" on them. Excellent...nice respite in the French Quater.This French Market location served me some of the best food experiences during my trip to N.O. The crawfish were spicy and GOOD! ($12/lb). It was my first time trying soft shell crab and that was nice too....a bit small for the $16 price tag though. I highly recommend them.We eat here every visit to Nola! Their food never fails to please.  Try the boiled crawfish and charbroiled oysters, you won't be disappointed.Awesome oysters , but the service is slow ,I was ignored for several minutes and there were several people behind the counter.  I think given the location, the prices are really high.If you can endure the heat, the French Market is awesome. We ate at the Seafood Dock and the food was incredible.  My wife had the Oyster Boat, fried oysters on artichoke and spinach dip on bread-- she loved it.  I had the Crawfish Beignets and the Shrimp & Jalapeños Cheese Grits.. Wow! I don't know how I'm going to go back to the northeast and leave all of this flavor behind.Horrible! 
We paid $10 for shrimp and grits. Waited 30 mins. Got 5 small shrimp.
Tasted fine, but seriously. Not a 4 star Yelp restaurant.We continued our walk through the French Market and came upon this gem. I decided to go with the crawfish beignets. Items are made to order as I surely don't mind getting fresh food :-)
After about 5 minutes or so, my name was called and I had the precious in my hands. It comes topped with a remoulade and is on a bed of spring mix greens. Pretty good.This place has the best boiled shrimp in New Orleans! Hot and flavorful with just the right amount of seasoning! Go big and get the 1.5 pound portion. You won't regret it! Enjoy!wait time is so long....Food is ok but nothing superior. im surprised they actually get good review.Tried to eat here TWICE and still received horrible service. Was waiting at the counter for almost 20 minutes while the cooks and waitresses could see us standing there but couldn't even have the courtesy to let us know that they see us and they will be right with us. Just plain rude and didn are about the customer.Layover stop in Nola was cut short so we were rushed and crunched for time to find a spot for lunch. We wanted to check out the French Market so we decided to brave the traffic and the crowd and boy was there a crowd. So don't come on a Saturday lunch if you're in a hurry. We ended up picking J's Seafood and I'm a fan. Even though the lady kept saying she's out of something and/or something would take 10-15 minutes I appreciated her transparency as time we did not have. I ended up getting the seafood beignets and it was so good and rich in flavor. My husband got the jambalaya which was okay; it was kinda dry. Our son wanted popcorn shrimp but they didn't have any so she suggested a shrimp sandwich and sub the bun for fries so I really appreciated her help on that. Overall good experience and food was good. As far as seating, expect to stand or be split from your group; very limited spots to sit.Definitely recommend! Great food! Awesome service and environment! I had the crawfish, shrimp, and a fried crab and it was delicious! Beautiful place! Must go!Pretty tasty!  I had the grilled shrimp boat. Shrimp was fresh and grilled perfectly. Also had the fried oysters not gritty and very tasty. Food was great and staff very friendly!  Give it a try!Their boiled crab (3 for $12) is a phenomenal deal. The crabs tasted fresh and had the perfect amount of Cajun seasoning on them! Downright excellent food with nothing pretentious about it.2 shrimp boats, crab clays and a bar b que shrimp boats later, family of 4 declares it awesome!! Such friendly service as well.This is another spot that I was told to eat at... and pretty much each one delicious. Now this place also had a bad mother shucker (oysters)... It was his joke but I'm going to repeat it here.
So we got some oysters, fresh and flavorful. Nice and plump but way more briny flavor than the standard blue points. Served with a bunch of cocktail sauce and horseradish, but damn good on their own.
We also got the bbq shrimps. Not exactly sure how to describe them (as in what spices they used). But they were tangy and pretty damn near perfect shrimp.
Last we got the crawfish beignets. This was the a little disappointing. It was mostly a hush puppy and I really couldn't taste the crawfish.Wished we found this place sooner on our trip. 
We loved the chargrilled oysters, shrimp tacos and snow crab and crawfish quesadilla. 
We also ordered oyster creole, bbq shrimp. 
Total was about $120, tips included. I would definitely recommend this place over all the restaurants in the French quarter.Tasty  shrimp and jalapeño cheese grits. Share with someone. A little lumpy,I prefer mine a lil smoother, but was still ok.Holy ShiMoly these oysters were huge!!  And the guy shucking them was hilarious - he would gladly give you a free oyster to slurp up if you were a cute girl....and did it hands-free. 
I love oysters, but have never been a fan of gulf oysters. These were the same- huge and plump, and super fresh, but just aren't as tasty as the little east coast/Washington state ones (personal preference). I believe they were 18 for a half dozen. Fried crawfish tails were a great snack for $8. 
Loved that it's in the middle of the market - easy access for a quick snack.This place has good oyster & crawfish and gets 5stars but, the system of ordering and delivered the food SUCKS!Meh,  edible
Seafood gumbo was tolerable. Undercooked hard rice, no real spice, and worst of all the shrimp was mushy. No texture to it at all it just melted in your mouth, and not in a good way.
Not worth 10 bucks.
Crawfish Beignets were a little better. They served it on a bed of spinach and it had a good chew to it but nothing id get again.
Wouldnt recommend.BEST crawfish I've had so far. J's is located inside the French Quarter farmer market. We got there around 11:30AM and they said we have to wait 45 mins for it. I paid for the crawfish and walked around until they are ready. They cooked the crawfish in a huge batch right there so I get to eat them right off the stove. They were so big, juicy, spicy and delicious. It was a little salty but still so good.  It was a little more expensive ($12/lb) than most places but it's because you get the best quality of crawfish. This was definitely one of my favorite eats in NOLA. I want some right now.Came here with friends to grab a bite to eat. I will say that the cashier girl was not exceptionally friendly. She could do to smile or something bc her customer service was terrible. Wasnt very informative about the menu and looked/seemed like she didnt want to help us. Dare I say was even annoyed that we were there. But we were all itching for boiled crawfish so we stayed. She said it would be a 45 min wait and told us we could put in our order when it was ready. 
I ordered the BBQ shrimp  $10 and 1lb boiled crawfish $13. The shrimp was probably the best part of my meal. Really flavorful and well done. It was slightly more cooked than I wanted but it was still good. Portions were a bit small though considering it was 10. But I'm a tiny girl so it was just enough for me. The boil was alright probably a bit under cooked since it was so hard to peel and crawfish done right should not be. My friend got the shrimp and grits $10. ABSOLUTELY AVOID IT. Was the worse thing we got and despite being $10 we refused to finish eating it. 
Overall it was ok. I'd go back for the bbq shrimp only and maybe not even really then bc the customer service leaves A LOT to be desired. Food was alright. Portions were small. Not an exceptional place but gets the job done.Was in New Orleans Visiting and passed by this place in The French Market. We couldn't leave New Orleans without eating some crawfish and oysters. The crawfish and the crawfish beignets were awesome but the oysters were just ok. Service was great and for seafood I thought the price was pretty good. I will definitely come back to eat here on my next visit to NOLA.The Crawfish boil takes time, but was super tasty. We grabbed beers from the Organic Banana whatever next booth over. The broiled oysters were also real tasty.Now I'm no oyster connoisseur but my wife loves them so I had to have some with her while visiting NOLA. First of all these were some of the biggest oysters I've seen since I've been here and they were very fresh, after a little horseradish and hot sauce, I was tossin'em back like a pro. If your around the French Market you gotta try this place and don't forget to see The Bad Motha Shucker, he makes it fun and enjoyable while your there.Walk around the French market this place is just too good to pass. There were piles of fresh oysters and craw fish waiting for you. I can't help myself to start off with a dozen of them for $17. My friend ordered a dozen of grilled ones ($21)and a bowl of jambalaya ($10.95). They were all good. Raw oysters were my favorite, so fresh and sweet. Even the friends never liked raw oysters ate some. The grilled oysters were piled with cheese, a little bit heavy taste for me. The jambalaya was well seasoned, a little try but with great flavors. For around $50 three of us had some great seafood snacks, not bad at all.Best meal in New Orleans. Charbroiled oysters and seafood quesadilla was amazing. Great for lunch!It's not crawfish season, but we tried their shrimp boil... amazing! Flavorful and super spicy, had a great kick to it. 
We were full from other meals, came here to try the shrimp boil anyways and were so impressed order 3 more times, adding new things each time and always more shrimp :)
Grilled oysters were voted by the group as better than the ones we had at ACME and Cochon. Very good!!
Great outdoor seating too!We stopped by here for a quick lunch before we were off for a tour. We had the shrimp boat (basically a shrimp po boy) and their crab cakes. Your get your moneys worth. You get two large crab cakes that are perfectly paired with an aioli dipping sauce. The shrimp in the po boy are lightly battered and the bread has that crunch on the outside and soft on the inside. Service was quick so were got our food and still had time to spare before we had to leave to catch our bus.I honestly didn't expect much from a stall in the uber-touristy French Market, but this place hands down had the most amazing crawfish boil.  The boil is right in front of you, so you see everything that's in there.  Super flavorful and incredibly spicy, they hold nothing back.  We paid for a pound and I'm sure we probably got two.  
The is a long wait for your food, but grab a table, watch the passerby's and enjoy a beer from the stall next door.  It's NOLA, no need to rush for anything!  
The guys that run the place have true charm and sass, and have fun with their customers.  They make lots of jokes, do a lot of hollerin', and lots of laughing.  I love that they're enjoying their time; it makes the experience even more fun!Great boiled Shrimp and fish boat! Oysters looked really fresh/good, but just didn't have the stomach space that day =(.
Thank you Yelp for helping me find this place. Definitely enjoyed the experience and would come again.The service is a bit slow and chaotic.  You have to order at the counter and then take a ticket over to the shucker or boiler who's usually busy filling orders they hardly ever look up.  They're good enough people seems like..  
The oysters had some shell-y crap in them but otherwise fresh and delicious.  Can't beat the price and experience right?Had the seafood quesadilla, which was very good, very cheesy. Since it's located in the French Market, it's not too easy to get to if you're a local, so it's not a place I would ever go on a whim. If I'm in the area, though, I would definitely eat here again for a quick meal.Busy food stall with a long line but the food comes out quickly once you order.  The crawfish beignets were the first thing I ate in New Orleans.  They were fantastic, and came on a bed of spring greens with some remoulade.  The boiled shrimp were fresh and perfectly prepared.  It's a mess cleaning them up and shame on me, I didn't suck the heads out, but the portion was generous.I follow the advice of my fellow yelpers and got the char-broiled oysters. Amazing!!!  Buttery with Parmesan cheese. I was just going to eat a couple but ended up needing more. Peak food experience.  So glad the French Market has moved restaurants in.
Also really enjoyed the soft shell crab. The ONLY down side was that it cost $14 for just one crab on French bread. It was all I wanted because we were mostly stoping for a snack but that is over the line.
I enjoyed sitting on their patio because it was a nice day. We will be back!My Husband and I were in NOLA last weekend Feb 7-9 2014, and one of the first places we tried in the French market was J's Seafood Dock.  We had the crawfish beignets which were awesome, and the charbroiled oysters which were scrumptious!!!
The food was excellent and the service was excellent!!  I am giving this place 5 stars because of the pretty girl with the pretty hair named Bre who was very nice and helpful to myself and my husband. 
It is very hard to find a place with good food and fast and friendly service these days.  If you are in the NOLA area please dine at the J's Seafood Dock in the French market.  My husband and I will most defiantly be going back.Had a very disappointing experience at j's today. My party and I arrived there a few minutes before 11:30am. We walked up to the cash register ready to order some food. The (very friendly) cashier acknowledged us, but you could tell she looked very overwhelmed. There was a man behind the counter with her counting money (I'm guessing he was a seafood vendor dropping off a delivery). So, we waited for about 5 minutes while they sorted out their business. 
     Finally, the (again very warm and very friendly) cashier apologized to us and told us she was ready for us. We began to order and this is where my party and I were truly let down. We ordered crawfish, the bubbly cashier told us to hold on while she walked to the back to ask about the crawfish. She returned and told us that the crawfish was not ready. Fine. We ordered a soft shell crab that is served on a roll. She informed us that they didn't have rolls. Ok. This whole process of her going to the kitchen to ask a question must have happened a total of 6 times. They were out of so many items, and the menu is relatively small. 
      By the end of the order the entire back of house was staring at my party and I with this aggravated look as if we were complicating their lives when in fact we were just trying to order a meal the way it was advertised. 
      When we finally received our food I was very surprised to discover that it was absolutely delicious. I really wish I could have tried it the way it was suppose to come, because I'm sure it would've been out of this world. 
     I feel really bad about giving this place two stars because the food was good, just not what was advertised. The cashier was delightful but the whole experience was just awful.Call them beforehand if you're gonna go right before closing because the yelp hours are different from their posted hours and also they run out of seafood towards the end of the day. We caught them right before they closed and had one more order of crawfish left.  
J's is located inside the French Market. You order and pay at their stand on the right and you bring the receipt over to the cooks on the left. We ordered 2 lbs of crawfish boil - simple, yet so delicious. There are a few tables in the immediate area to sit and eat. We wanted to order more things, but the lady told us there was only a few lbs of crawfish left, so we just took that. I would recommend going earlier to have more things to choose from.I almost didn't write a review for this place to try to keep it a secret so that I would have it all to myself.
Amazing bbq shrimp and charbroiled oysters. Also $1 cheaper than the others! You don't have to wait in line like you would at the more mainstream places. While waiting for your food, go across the street to the grocery store or bar and pick up some beer to have with your meal.We ordered just one thing: shrimp and jalapeño grits. 
Service was friendly, but not terribly fast. No big deal. And  the flavor of the grits was amazing. Creamy, cheesy, just the right amount of jalapeño kick -- I mean, absolutely delicious. Because of that, we wanted to give the place at LEAST 4 stars. 
The one downside, the thing that moves J's down to an average 3 stars? A modest (at best) number of shrimp. Not the end of the world, not enough to complain, but also not enough to move J's into above average (4 star) or extraordinary (5 star) territory.Really good oyster and my shucker is the best. Really easy to get along with and genuine. A great find inside the French Market.The food is just out of this world the crawfish and the shrimp were seasoned perfectly really good and the sea food was cook perfect I noticed that it's a lot of locals here eating so it's good :) it took me 2 days in Nola to find really good sea food !!! I highly recommend.... the service was amazing tooA friend had a total craving for oysters while we were at the French Market so decided to get some here to quench her craving.  The oysters themselves were pretty fresh.  I felt acme served larger oysters.  The main guy who shucked ours even gave us an extra one because we served some small oysters.
Reason why it's only 3 stars for me is because the main guy who shucked them is the only one doing it and the wait was forever.  And it's not like it was a crowded, busy day.  And if you like to listen to the dude constantly jabber on and talk to himself and whomever he thinks is listening that's fine but I was a bit put off.
Saw that they had crawfish beignets, wished they weren't sold out so I could try.Pasamos después de comer en otro lugar, pero vimos las ostras y no nos pudimos resistir, pedimos solo 6 para probarlas, pero podríamos haber comido miles... simplemente estaban increíbles, tan frescas y las más grandes que he comido hasta ahora, no necesitan ningún aderezo tan solo un poco de limón y disfrutarlas.
No probamos nada más del lugar, pero por las ostras definitivamente volvería, en efecto volvimos, pero esta vez por una bandeja de 12 antes de irnos de la ciudad, los precios no son tan baratos ($10 las 6 y $17 la docena + tax), pero definitivamente valen la pena.
Quien atiende es muy simpático, alegre y le gusta hacer bromas, por lo que sentarse en la barra hace mas entretenida tu experiencia. 
El lugar está en pleno French Market, parada obligada en tu paso por New Orleans y si pruebas las ostras te acordarás de mi ;).
Instagram: @UnaChilenaArroundTheWorld #UnaChilenaEnNolaI'm sitting in the airport thinking about how one the biggest things I'm going to miss about New Orleans is J's Seafood and particularly their New Orleans Style Barbecue Shrimp. It is shrimp marinated in this garlic/spiced/butter sauce with a piece of French Bread to soak up the sauce with. 
When I first tried it I was wondering to myself if this was best thing I might have ever eaten in my life. 
I think I came at least 7 or 8 times after. Within that time I had to know if there was better. So I went to a few other places around town to try to see. Most of the places I went to were $5 or so above J's $10 dish and they were not nearly as good at all. A particular instance that comes to mind is a place called Mr. B's, I think it's probably one of the most high end/gourmet restaurants in NOLA. It costed like $30 for the shrimp, but I had to see. It was disappointing to say the least, it was better than all of the other places I tried, but it for sure wasn't better than J's.
Also their parmesan oysters and boiled shrimp were very good too. 
I'm gonna miss you J's Seafood.I yelp this place while visiting Nola the weekend of March 26-30 2015. My friends and I ordered the crawfish we ordered about 5 lbs. I have to admit although there was no kind of cajun spices on the outside of the crawfish, it was pretty flavorful. Just the right amount of spice. Wasn't too spicy just right although I prefer spicier . The first day we tried this place our crawfish were pretty big with a mix of small ones. We went back the next day and they were a bit smaller. Wasn't too pleased about that. Although this is a touristy area I thought the price per lb was a bit over priced 12.99 a lb. and Nola is where crawfish comes from. Surprise me a bit. I'm originally from San Diego California we don't have fresh crawfish very often and when we do it's definitely cheaper than 12.99 a lb. I recently moved to Dfw Texas and fresh crawfish is cheaper as well. I definitely recommend this place to try while visiting if your okay with the price. It's the experience that counts although I had better crawfish in other states.Helloooo yummy seafood. The BBQ shrimp was the best. We also had the creole oysters, fried shrimp & charbroiled oysters. All of it was so good.Super fresh raw oysters, and fried shrimp to die for.  Great service from our oyster-shucking server, and plenty of good local stories to accompany the meal.  They had a tremendously rich and delicious cooked oyster dish with a wonderful spinach dip served in-shell.  Will definitely be back.This was a great spot within the French Market. It is right across from a community set of tables and chairs with which to eat at. So very convenient in that regard. It was also good for us because we did not want a ton of food and also wanted to eat quickly and casually. I also liked that they had all of their dishes physically displayed so you could see what it looked like and how much you get. Of course, your food is made to order.
We got the jambalaya and while a bit pricey, there was a ton of meat and it was very tasty. We waited about 10 minutes for our food after ordering and were able to find a table right a across the walkway. Like I said, we weren't that hungry, but still had leftovers and was able to get a to-go container in order to share with a homeless person in the French quarter. Their other offerings were all typical Cajun food and I would love to try them another time!Super nice staff they are very friendly. The food was delicious.I had the fried crawfish it was delicious and the shrip and grits.A little hard to find as their name says on the dock but in reality they're located in the French market. Once we finally found them their food looked great but the staff seemed a little lost and all over the place. I stood at the counter for at least 15 minutes with the guy running back and forth not so much as even a "be right with you". When he finally did no sorry, just a yes, which I suppose meant I should order. Almost have up but we were in Nola and I really wanted to try the boiled crawfish. Those were delicious, but the staff should pull it together.I got the seafood quesadilla here and it was the most delicious thing I've ever tasted in my life!! 12/10 would recommend!!Oysters=Yum! We ended up ordering 2 dozen oysters because the first were so good. You order at the counter, and then you bring your ticket over to the person who's shucking your oysters. That line isn't that long, but he always tells you where you are in the line. I also ordered a crawfish pie and that was OK. I thought it was more of a patty, but it really is a pie in patty form. The lines are long, so you might be waiting for your name to be called, but then you can go order a smoothie by the stall next to it, or go look around, but make sure to listen for your name still. I didn't have oysters anywhere else in NOLA, and I'm not sure I need to, I just may come back to this place when I want oysters in New Orleans again.I know this is a tourist trap and the prices are more expensive than comparable places in the area, but we were desperate to try some boiled crawfish.  We ended up waiting longer than anticipated for them, but the employees gave us extra for the wait and the crawfish was absolutely delicious.  I had been unimpressed with crawfish every time I had them before this (in beignets or smothered in sauce after being cooked, all in California)--now I know that I was eating them the wrong way.This place is slow to make your food and the staff is not helpful.  I ordered the soft shell crab and it took 40 minutes to get my order.  The cashier seemed annoyed with me when I asked her to check on my order after 30 minutes. The food is mediocre considering the long wait. Just my two cents.We ordered crawfish, oysters, and shrimp here. The crawfish was on the saltier side, but very flavorful and a kick of spice. I normally don't like big fat oysters, but these tasted very fresh and they weren't sandy. This place is in the middle of the French Market. The oysters took awhile to get, but the service was friendly. There are tables around that you just seat yourself if there's space.Look for this super fresh seafood stall in the French Market near St Louis Cathedral. Light, super crispy batter on seafood and fried pickles. Roasted and raw oysters. Crawfish bignets! An outdoor covered market, closes at 6 pm. Bring cash.Get the shrimp and grits!! You will not be sorry! It was my husbands favorite meal of our entire trip.Oysters Creole, charbroiled oysters and fresh, right out of the cooker crawfish!  My wife (New Orleans born and raised) and myself (South Mississippi born and raised) consider ourselves to be food aficionados and we give J and his crew our stamp of approval! Stop by and see J and his cousin (ONE BAD MOTHA' SHUCKA') for some good food and southern hospitality. Remember this, the French Market is a tourist attraction and most items will be priced to reflect that but hey, you get what you pay for!It was pretty good, I was not overly impressed. The wait was a little long & they did not seem to be crowded to me at the time. The samples looked good, but didnt meat the expectations I had. I would try a different spot in the French Market when I return.I give this place 2 stars because the food was good, but other than that WAAAY over priced. The service is shit though and the people who work here are ridiculously lazy and make it very clear that they don't care. The boiled crawfish is over price by about 10 a lb but that's expected in a tourist trap. There are other places near here that are better. Do not waste your time.As much as New Orleans is best known for crawfish. I don't know why it's soooooo hard to locate a crawfish boil joint in the city. Yes I tried hunting them down in yelp, but most of the spots are way outside city limits. Oh well, at least there's J's Seafood Dock.
No its not as authentic as your uncle Steve's crawfish boil, but this probably comes pretty close. Yea I said it,, I never had a proper boil before, but the ones here are very good. I only say that because the only crawfish I've had were the ones sitting in a heater tray at a Chinese buffet. Those are ok,, just that this one is properly delicious.
I did the an order of crawfish, an order of shrimp and an order of fries. The shrimp wasn't very good,, it was rather under done, and I don't care much for that. The main event for me was the crawfish,, those were properly delicious. I like how fresh they are from the boiler. They literally cook it right in front of you. You hand them your ticket, then they hand you your crawfish. Fries were fries,, they're crunchy and tasted like fried potato sticks.
Service was great and I definitely enjoyed eating my crawfishies here. At least now I have a spot to take people who has never had a proper crawfish boil.
Thanks J's Seafood Dock!!I love oysters and what better way to entice someone to try your oysters then to watch them be shucked in front of your eye? 
Take a moment to recognize that you need to order the oysters on the opposite with the cashier, instead of salviating over the oysters. We also ordered the shrimp, some charbroiled oysters, and raw oysters. The shrimp were good, but too much work for my opinion. If you're a fan of unpeeling shrimp and eating them- go for it. They have a kick, if you enjoy spice.
The raw oysters were delicious and the people at J's are kind enough to give you some saltine crackers to eat them with. I was a huge fan and wish there were more than the six I ordered. 
But the best item at J's was the charbroiled oysters. Take your spoon and grab the oyster and place it on the bread they give you and start munching. It's delicious, addicting, and will make your waistline increase. I was such a huge fan of these and would definitely stop by the next time I am back in New Orleans.Best crawfish ever.  I didn't even care that it wasn't steaming hot, I would have killed a few more lbs if I could.  Can't say the same for the bbq shrimp boat... that was a crazy salty/greasy mess... but the crawfish... my heart...  perfectly cooked and seasoned.  Really good spices.We stopped by the French Market for this place. Too bad crawfish wasn't in season to be made boiled :( Nonetheless, the experience was overall good. The boiled shrimps were very tasty, but most people in our party thought it was too spicy. I'm sure you can adjust the spice level (you just have to note it). What I really really liked was the charcoal grilled oysters. I hate raw oysters (don't judge), but these grilled ones were so good! I especially love the cheese on top as well. 
The only downside was that the wait for the food was a bit long, and we didn't get our drinks until we went back and asked for it. Overall very good!This place is a must stop and eat location. The oysters were AWESOME and as fresh as it gets. Also the guys working there were great company. The guy at the oyster counter is one bad mother shucker!!!This place should really be 3 stars and not 4.  Service is incredibly slow and the food is just ok.  We ordered a pound of boiled shrimp which took 20+ min to get.  By the way, a pound of shrimp here is only 10 shrimps.  It was around $14 and was just ok.   It was edible, that's the highest praise I can give it, not worth the time or money.Make it a point to go here.. if you don't, you will regret it.  Best shrimp tacos I had so far. Quick service, good prices, I'll be back for sure.My absolute favorite! Best fried shrimp I've had in my life. We usually get (I go as many times as possible when I'm in town) the crawfish tails, fried shrimp, bbq shrimp and fried pickles. It's all so f*ing great that we can never narrow it down to fewer dishes!!This is a small little place w/a raw bar in the middle of the french quarter farmers market (which, oddly enough, has almost no produce/unprepared food  -  it's mostly crafts and small food bars  which is still very worth the walk).  I had never had charbroiled oysters before, and really don't like raw oysters, but the charbroiled ones were outstanding.  It took a long time to get our order, as they were fairly busy, but if you like that stuff (or are interested in trying something new), I would certainly recommend this place.  I am returning to new orleans for biz this weekend and will definitely be making a return trip.Hmm.. I got the crawfish beignets but they were more like crawfish hush puppies and not sure where the crawfish was.  It was just ok.Worst service but if you're willing to wait 45+ minutes for something, worth it. The food is great!I would say,my experience in new Orleans restaurant services are very very sucks.no smile.unless u go to very high end like Emril's.but still , street food doesn't mean u need to give ur client bad attitudes.
The lady at the cashier had a really really bad attitude.the worst experience I ever had.She was playing with her broken phone with sunglasses.we said "hi, we would like to order" n her replied: " I'm waiting for YOU."(with a really bad attitude). 
Then she seems high, can't even rmb the order.n we needed to replied 5 times. 
Omg! This is tourist district, if you're not happy in ur life then just dun work for service industry.go wash dishes or sth not face to client.
After order, the 2 homeless walked in n sat down at the table next to us.the girl keep brushing the guy hair.but the oyster bar chef stopped her (Thanks!even the bar chef is better!) 
Ok, let's talk abt the food.
We had order a dozens raw oysters and fried oysters, and the shrimp.
If u had a oyster from other country before, you would know what is oyster taste like.its definitely no taste.but the shrimp was good n spicy!This restaurant is located in the French Market which I absolutely love. I had the shrimp tacos and crawfish etoufee. I wasn't a huge fan of the crawfish but the tacos were amazing. The food came out very quickly. The servant at the oyster bar was very friendly. He gave us great music selection and was very polite. He let me try my first raw oyster! It was great! I would definitely recommend going there.The seafood quesadilla was AWESOME and I don't think was priced too bad. So glad i stopped byTerrible service (slow and rude), overpriced, and small portions. DO NOT EAT HERE!
We ordered a small fry, which we wrongly assumed would be an easy order for them to handle. We stood there and watched as they served roughly 8 people that ordered after us and even got more complicated orders. After 15 minutes I went and asked the lady what was going on. She went in the back and had a short conversation with the back staff. Clearly they hadn't even started our order. When I realized this, I proceeded to ask for my money back because we were already going to be late to meet up with our friends after waiting for so long and I didn't want to wait any longer. They told me no, because the food was just about to come out. I politely told them that we had waited a ridiculous amount of time and that we were late because of them and we didn't even want the food anymore. They said no, and continued to say no until the food finally did come out, and then they said they couldn't refund our money because they already made the food. They tried to say that they warned us about a long wait; they said no such thing. Not once did they say anything to us, the entire time they just continued to bring out full orders of shrimp and crawfish while we sat and watched. Again, terrible service, overpriced, and small portions. DO NOT EAT HERE!Right by the water front, this place is only open till 5PM so get there early. We had 1 pound of crawfish for $13 and it was spicy but good. I don't have a high tolerance for spicy so maybe that's why I thought it was too much. My husband said it was a good amount of spice for him. They do also serve lots of seafood dishes like oysters, fried shrimp, po boys, lots of selection here.Only seating is in the general area of the French market, which you are on your own to fend for. A place for informal eat and go. Great oysteres fresh and baked. Place your order, grab a beer from the next counter over and grab a seat and enjoy.Smacked in the middle of the French Market, this grab to order spot offers a range of seafood delights. Seats are provided along a strip of other establishments as well. 
The Crawfish ($13/lb) tasted fresh and the spicy seasoning was robust. The portion looked small this time and I watched the guy weigh it. I'm guessing since April is their main season? The Shrimp Boat was lacking sauce and wasn't as flavorful as it used to be. The French bread on the side wasn't as warm & crusty. Raw oysters are also shucked on the premises along the seating area.
I prefer to eat here during the midweek since it gets too crowded. The Nola Food Fest is taking place this weekend too.  The food quality went down a bit but that shouldn't be any excuse.Hands down this is the place for some great food in the French Quarter that is not fine dining. I got off the plane and headed straight here for some solid fresh southern seafood eats. This place never disappoints, always a fave.We had a wonderful lunch here.  Our favorite item was the crawfish.  We waited about 15 minutes for them to finish boiling, and then they were steaming hot, fresh and sweet, and permeated with tasty seasonings.
We also tried the boiled shrimp, chargrilled oysters and raw oysters.  The shrimp were plump and fresh, though on the salty side for me.  I enjoyed the charbroiled oysters, but could have done without the bit of cheese on them.  The raw oysters were fresh and sweet.
The folks shucking oysters and boiling crawfish were quite friendly, singing and joking around with the customers.This was the best meal I had while in New Orleans. We went to many different highly rated restaurants within the French Quarter but nowhere that we tried quite compared to this. We got the crawfish boil and the fried lobster tail which were both delicious. This is as good as it gets for some legit New Orleans seafood. A lot of the fancy sit down places in the area got nothing on this grab and go joint within the French Market. Well worth getting off the beaten path of Bourbon Street for some good home cooking, real deal seafood at J's.This place is so great! They got the oysters fresh off the boat this morning, and shuck them right in front of you. The staff is super friendly and funny. They are some bad mother shuckers.J's has some amazing seafood! The people who work there are great and funny. Be sure to get plenty of crawfish and the chargrilled oysters, this we're incredible to eat!Stopped by for a quick snack while walking around the French Market. You order at the register and if you ordered from the raw bar you turn around and bring the receipt over to the mother shucker. Quick and friendly service. We got a dozen oysters for $17. It's kind of pricey considering a lot of oyster places go for $1 each during happy hour. Nonetheless, oysters were clean and fresh. No complaints really. But beware of broken/ worn out chairs.Honestly the best seafood I have ever had! it is nicely nestled in the French quarter giving you are the New Orleans feels. The crawfish is amazing and very well seasoned. The fried oysters over spinach and artichoke dip and toasted bread is the best and the fried lobster tail is a must. All of these dishes were reasonably priced as well. The staff was very friendly, Courteous and prompt. For real, authentic New Orleans cuisine, I definitely recommend this place!
We came back four month later, and the food is still good! I got the fried oysters over spinach and artichoke dip and toasted bread.. still the best. I also got the fried soft shell crab.. very flavorful and the shrimp and grits! Definitely gotta try them out while in NOLA.Honestly the best seafood I have ever had! it is nicely nestled in the French quarter giving you all the New Orleans feels. The crawfish is amazing and very well seasoned. The fried oysters over spinach and artichoke dip and toasted bread is the best, and the fried lobster tail is a must. All of these dishes were reasonably priced as well. The staff was very friendly, courteous and prompt. For real, authentic New Orleans cuisine, I definitely recommend this place!Was visiting French market and had to try some oysters.  Got the oyster creole.  It is 4 fried oysters sitting on a spinach and artichoke mixture and served on 4 slices of french bread.  The oysters were fresh and delicious.  However, the untoasted french bread slices become soggy and fall apart when you are trying to eat them.  The taste was good, but toasted bread would have worked better.Food was decent but the place seems aimed at tourists wandering around the French Market (which to be fair, was me). I really wanted to try a crawfish boil, so this finally satisfied my craving. Watch out they're spicy! I learned eating crawfish involves a lot of peeling for a very small amount of meat. I think I will stick to meatier crustaceans like crab and lobster.  
They lay out all the items on the counter and everything looked good. Great for sharing, though portions are small and pricier than I would expect given the casual location. Maybe we should have tried the fresh oysters.This place was fine.  It is nicely situated in the French Market and the seafood seemed fresh but we were not impressed by anything we got (fried pickles, crawfish, boiled shrimp, charbroiled oysters).  We had gone in search of a good crawfish boil and were disappointed.  Next time we will find more of a dive.  This place is fine for a tourist outing but not worth it you are trying to find great seafood.To say I was excited to stop by J's is a complete understatement.  I knew exactly what I wanted (charbroiled oysters, oyster creole, and crawfish pie) before I even hit the counter.  The lady at the desk was very polite and made sure our order was correct.
We ate at the oyster bar talking to the staff who were friendly and shucking oysters.  It's hard to go into specifics of each dish, but all I can say was they were all amazing.  Everything tasted amazingly fresh; best seafood I have ever had.  The BEST.  Sad part was, I didn't even get everything I wanted (too full).  Never got to try the fried lobster tail or the fried shrimp boat.  But I'll be back.  Sweet Jesus I'll be back.Delicious shrimp boat and generous portions of crawfish... I highly recommend!! J also seems like a cool guy!For what it was it was good.  Char-grilled oysters, BBQ shrimp, fine....anything entrenched in butter and cheese is 'good' right?!  Try to find a clean/healthy and flavor-able way to eat seafood in NOLA--I felt hard-pressed to do so. My grilled shrimp salad would have been good if they would've put the dressing on the side as I ordered it...otherwise, it seems like anything entrenched in fattening stuff is rated "good" in NOLA.  Loved where it was and that the staff was helpful, so that was definitely a plus.This place is THE M.F.ing BOMB!  I had their boiled shrimp and French fries.  MAN!  Talk about the RIGHT amount of seasoning and the right amount of "crisp" to my fries.  I can't WAIT to come back during my next visit and try their other menu items!The soft shell crab is out of this world. Oysters are fresh and huge. Be ready for a culinary orgasmic experience when you visit this place.Strolled through the French market on a Saturday afternoon and it was VERY busy. 
So if you want some fresh-shucked oysters from this place, expect to wait ~45mins or more before you have those oysters in front of you. They only had one guy shucking oysters.
You first have to buy a ticket for the amount of oysters you want at the register and then give to the folks at the oyster station shucking oysters. 
You can get half a dozen oysters for $10, or a dozen for $17. 
I got half a dozen and wished I ordered more after slurping in my first oyster.
These oysters are fresh as if they pulled the oysters out of the ocean that same day. They were also very large and juicy. They met the New Orleans oysters expectations!
Four stars because of the long, extraneous wait, with a long line like they had on Saturday, it would make sense to have more than one guy shucking away ;)I was excited to visit New Orleans with my mom as we are both seafood lovers. While exploring the French Market we came across this diamond in the rough. Frankly, we didn't expect much since it seemed like a typical food court joint but we were so hungry we figured we gave it a shot and thought to split a dish to tide us over until we could grab a full meal later. 
This spot was surprisingly a real treasure. We loved it so much we ended up ordering more than we planned and came back the next day for lunch and dinner. You'll hit the jackpot with the seafood quesadillas and crawfish pies. Both we're succulent, stuffed with fresh seafood with a powerful flavor without being too fishy. The accompanying sauces added some tangy spice taking each dish to a whole 'nother level. 
Just note since it is in the market it's rather busy, probably depending on the season. There are tables to wait and eat at but not many. You'll also want to listen carefully for your name since they call out orders as they are ready and it can be tough to hear over a large crowd.Great food great  service Christy was very helpful in making our decision of what to get she took time to explain all of their dishes in detail. Definitely want to stop by this placehands down best oysters in all of NOLA!!!!! By the time I made it to the french market I had a big lunch and ate some delicious beignets but I could not pass up oysters and then I got tempted to try some crawfish. so on a full full belly I pulled the trigger and the crawfish and the oysters. 
The crawfish was being re-heated and while we waited the man at the counter shucked our oysters and threw in a few free ones since it was a longer wait then anticipated. ooooo EM GEEEE!! BEST OYSTERS IN NOLA!!! They were absolutley delicious!!! 
The crawfish was really good as well. He showed me how to properly eat them which was great becuase if i had to figure it out on my own i probably would have given up. They were perfectly seasoned and finally I enjoyed something spicy.J's was good, could be better with more food and drink options. The food was good. I don't love this type of seating but its an experience. Also I didn't like how they put out food to show you how it looks, it just brings flies. Just use pictures.I seen this place online I had to check it out when I was in New Orleans I've never had fried oysters I was dying to try them oysters were delicious is just not for me for it being my first time trying them I did not know what to expect the flavor was outstanding I just don't like oysters but if you are a lover of oysters and you're in New Orleans this is a must goI absolutely love this family...business. You can not come into the French market without stopping by here. Its almost a freaking landmark.  They and their food are amazing! Listen for the singing family in the middle of the French market...people will point you to them.I usually bypass the French Market because it get's so touristy, but I was curious after seeing this place on Thrillist from a local perspective. 
I ordered the crawfish beignets and soft-shell crab. The sauce on the beignets was very nice, but the beignets themselves were slightly tough and overcooked. Despite the chewiness, the flavors were nice.
The crab on the other hand... 
I'll get into the weeds as to why I was disappointed. We're still in season for soft-shell crab, so the upcharge was peculiar. To clarify the price per ounce was a bit steep especially for 3.5-4 oz. (I'm comparing this to Maryland/Virginia crabbing experience). If we put expectations and experience aside, the crab had a basic coating--no special seasoning --and was served with a sliver of lemon and their version of a tartar sauce. It was, as I've stated before, basic. 
I wanted to try a little before I ordered anything else and I'm glad I did that... Service was good, but I don't think I'll endure another French Market crowd for this place.I only leave such reviews as a warning. You dont know until you try. Well we tried & paid the price.
First, it was expensive. The portions of what they serve were small, so we figured that you can't go wrong with a dozen chargrilled oysters. Unfortunately for them, we had had some already at another restaurant & they did not come even close. The oyster's had all kinds of broken off pieces of shell in them, the seasoning was bland & the cheese on top wasnt melted.
Second, they were not busy & it took 20+ minutes to get our food. I was about to say something when I made eye contact with the lady that charged me & I think she remembered I wasnt just posing for a picture. I wanted my food.
The hopes of getting that "dock to plate" experience was not what we have enjoyed elsewhere. Sorry NOLA, can't sugar coat it.My husband is a Shrimp and grits fanatic. And in the course of a 2.5 day trip to NOLA, he ate shrimp and grits at least 3 or 4 other places. But the Shrimp and Jalapeno grits? The best he had on this visit. Highly recommend you make the effort to check them out.Freshest oysters in the French market! Plus Stephan will make the experience super fun, he's the bad mothaShucka, shucking the oysters for you, tip him well! Enjoy!This place had some of thee best food we had the pleasure of eating, while in NOLA. It's a must try for sure! 
I highly recommend it. 
    The crawfish pie was amazing and the crawfish beignets. DO IT!Could not get service. Sat at the bar, the man behind the counter acknowledged me, said he needed to restock. I sat waiting 10 mins for him to return. When he did return, he served someone else who had not been waiting. I could not get his attention after that.
It isn't fair to give J's one star, because I didn't try the food. I don't know why the man behind the counter would not acknowledge me again after he returned.If you want crap in your food , literally- go here. It's 2019, your food is expensive. You should really clean your shrimp! Disgusting!!!First time eating craw fish,  these were amazing! They are spicy with just the right amount of heat. The guys were so nice, they grabbed six craw fish and showed me how to eat the lil buggers..
We ordered a pound and dug in, one of the best new foods on my trip to NOLA.  Will definitely be coming back, I'm  addicted!If you want fresh it doesn't get any fresher than this. Absolutely amazing Justin and his team work so hard and they deserve the credit! We actually found them through YouTube of must try places when in New Orleans and I'll tell you it doesn't disappoint! They work so hard and they are so genuine! They are always busy but they work so fast. I think we waited twenty minutes tops but it was well worth the wait and you get to watch them shuck oysters right in front of you. If you haven't shucked an oyster before it's not at all easy and he makes it look so easy. Go support these guys they are truly amazing and you won't be disappointed. Ten out of ten!We had a catfish poboy, oyster poboy,  crawfish beignets, fresh oysters and charbroiled oysters. Food was fresh and delicious. Price was very reasonable for the quality of the seafood. Wish I had a chance to go more than once. Definitely would return on another trip to NOLA and would certainly recommend this place to family and friends.Ordered the oyster creole and shrimp boat. 
Both were seasoned perfectly. I'm not a big fan of oysters, but they just tasted so creamy with the spinach spread. I do wish the bread slices were toasted to add some crunch to the bite. 
The shrimp boat was delicious. You can REALLY taste the freshness of the shrimp. The bread served with the shrimp boat was so good. Not sure what made it so good, maybe the toasting of it, but I devoured the bread wrapped around a shrimp and dipped it in the sauce. 
This place does serve super fresh seafood. Loved it.Friendly staff.  Decent pricing for what you get.  Great location also.Fantastic food stall to grab some oysters or other seafood items.
We ordered some oysters on the half shell and charbroiled. We all agreed the charbroiled were the best we had at any location. Plenty of butter and cheese and crisped to perfection.
We hung at the shucking station and chatted with the 'Motha Shucka' as he plied his trade and entertained us at the same time.
Prices were great and the food was fantastic. For 'street' food it cannot be beat.Such a cool and convenient stop while shopping at the French Market! I was on a mission to find the best oysters in NOLA and so couldn't pass up seeing a bed of oysters on ice being shucked right in front of the market! 
The oysters had a clean taste to them, they didn't have that muck water taste, fresh in the open air of the French Market. Undoubtedly very fresh oysters straight from the dock, as advertised! 
It's a fantastic stop and go! Grab your fresh food from the sea, eat, and keep on shopping/sightseeing! No need to sight see on an empty stomach, right?!I was excited to come here because of the good reviews! I was disappointed though cause our shrimp was overcooked, we could not peel the shell off without the meat coming off too! The rice on the jambalaya was not done! Even the guy beside us told us that his rice was not cooked. The crawfish was good though. We didn't try the oysters but we heard they were good!Terrible service . Very very slow order took 50 minutes for Crawfish Beignets and it tasted awful!  After waiting 30 minutes I was told I couldn't get refund and had to wait another 20 minutes. Never will eat at that place again.Situated in the French Market with various other food vendors it's a great place to relax in the afternoon and check out the happenings and goings while people watching. Order and pay at one side and sit down by the oyster bar across the aisle. Nice friendly service as i had a good time talking with the crawfish boiler and the cashier behind the register. 
Ordered up the buffalo oysters and they were fried up crispey and had a good spicey tangey kick. Also had the oysters rockefeller and this was probably my favorite. Combination of everything i liked, fried, oysters, crab. yum. Also had the fried shrimp boat. Battered and fried well, crispy and the shrimp were super fresh. Another must order.
Topped it off with a 1 lb crawfish boil. As it was crawfish season these lil critters were super fresh and large as can be. Nice crawfish seasoning. Spicey cajun spices as i was licking my fingers and eating up the tails and buttery juices in the heads. They actually had the boil right in front of us. Large pot, propane and all the crawfish, seasoning, lemons, celery all in one pot to be watched while being cooked.Excellent food, I had the charbroiled oysters and hubby had the soft shell crab!!  We also had a lb of crawfish.  It was all amazing and my first taste of New Orleans food and quite the learning experience.  Y'all rock!!