Stumbled upon this lovely place on my most recent visit to Nee Orleans. A definite Sunday Brunch go-to!  Diverse menu and great drinks.Sara is hands down the best waitress I think my friends and I have ever had. She was amazing, super attentive, went above and beyond like nothing else, and generally was an awesome person to talk to. The entire experience here was phenomenal and we will not soon forget it!Best New Restaurant in town.
People can be leery of trying new restaurants, but Jack Rose is an exception.  In fact, they may the Hottest new restaurant in town.  Chef Brian Landry is more than a skilled chef, he is as passionate about his guests as he is about his food.  Seriously, we have tried everything on the menu and argue which dish is our favorite, in each category.  
Right now, the Octopus Carpaccio is really excellent, but my staple starter is the Steak Tartare with a cracked egg on top.  You really can't go wrong with anything they serve.  
Their attention to detail is above and beyond other "quality" restaurants in New Orleans and they have a superb host staff.  Ariana's smile is infectious as you walk up to the host stand and you can't help but feel like you are greeted by an old friend.  
If you are lucky, ask for Deborah or Sara, as your server.  Deborah is so proficient with a fun undercurrent of joy.  Sara is your energetic, knowledgeable server who has never met a stranger.  
Go for the food and the amazing drinks, but stop and live in the moment.  Become part of New Orleans, while at Jack Rose, you won't regret it.  
Bon Appetite.Really fun atmosphere with incredible food and drinks. The service was out of this world great. Our server was Sara and she was very knowledgeable and entertaining! Will be back again and again!Jack Rose lived up to all my expectations for great food, exceptional service, and unique design, and it also nailed that rare, hard-to-define quality: it was a damn good time. The place just has a great energy and everyone around me seemed to be having a blast. That's apparent from the moment you step into the "living room," which now serves small plates along with cocktails, wine, and beer. It's a cool room (no doubt you've already seen somebody's selfie with the Lil Wayne portrait on Instagram), and it works really well as a place to hang with a group and meet other people. You could easily make a night of eating and drinking in this space. But the main attraction is the "dining room," which shares the same vibe and liveliness but with an expanded menu. The entrees are diverse (my two favorites, Pompano en Papillote and Chicken Parmesan, are a good example of this), but everything I had was successful, aka scrumptious. The dessert menu is also a real standout (Fluff-A-Nutter is all I'm saying). 
Did me and my friends have too many (delicious) cocktails and a little too much fun? Probably. But I nonetheless stand by my judgement on this one: plan to have a great time, overeat, and soak in the over-the-top decor, and you will be rewarded.In town for the weekend and a friend recommended this place. The decor is out of this world and staff are very friendly, out waiter Justin was top class. Food is outstanding, had the lamb shank and it fell off the bone, portions are plenty big as well, the fish in the bag just melts in your mouth5 for service and ambience, 3.5/4 for food.  We had the heirloom tomato salad which was delicious.  The squash blossom was also really good.  Was a little let down with the gumbo and also the cracked potatoes.  I wouldn't necessarily return for dinner however I would absolutely 100% return for the desserts.  My favorite one was the blueberry bread pudding! Was so delicious without feeling too heavy.  The fluff a nutter sundae was also really good!I have officially learned about a new level of hospitality. Taught by none other than the hostess with the mostest, Emery Whalen, an extremely talented young entrepreneurial restauranteur with a world of opportunity yet to conquer. 
What a charming set of restaurant concepts all under one roof (Pontchartrain Hotel, NoLa). Their newest restaurant, Jack Rose, is absolutely to die for. Great drinks, great staff, and great vibes. The chicken wings are actually the best I've ever tasted (literally, ever). The views from the Hot Tin rooftop bar are absolutely amazing. Pretty much a given if you're in town if you ask me.Worst. Cocktails. Ever. Legit they take every classic New Orleans cocktail and infuse it with butter or duck fat or some weird syrup. They don't let the classics stand on there own and they destroy the authenticity of the cocktail. Keep it simple is what they need to do.Decor could not be more chic. Food was good, not great. I think our starters were better than our mains. My husband had the lamb and I had the flounder. I'm not sure what it was but neither knocked it out of the park for us. We did however have the best dirty martini we have ever had...may be back and try again once they work out their kinks? I want to give this place a 5 star.From the second we walked in, I knew this place was special... The decor is beautiful, the environment fun and friendly, the staff incredibly welcoming and attentive and the food, well the food was outstanding! Steak tartare with fresh baked onion rolls can't be missed! The crawfish bread was equally divine. And the red shrimp was the best I've ever had. For entrees, we thoroughly enjoyed the veal, pompano and the lamb shank. We were delighted with some truly inspired cocktails to start and our server Justin guided us towards a fantastic cab with our meal. Dessert was heavenly...a rose buttercream cake that melted in your mouth and a peanut butter marshmallow sundae that was perfection in a dish. The highlight of the amazing meal was chef owner Brian Landry doing a chambong with us... Don't know what that is? You soon will! Loved every second of our experience... We can't wait to go back!I had an amazing experience. The atmosphere was superb, impeccable service was also notable.
I ordered the Lamb Shank which was moist, flavorful, and so tender that it could be cut with a fork.
I am so happy to be a part of a such a great Nola venue.We love coming to Nola to try out all the amazing restaurants they have to offer.  
This trip we found a fairly new place right next to where we are staying.  So of course we had to try it out!!
I order the Royal Red Shrimp Muddy Waters squid ink Campanella!!  The sauce was so so so delicious!!  I wanted to ask for more rolls to literally soak up the rest of the juices!  All the flavors were so well balanced.  
We will definite stop back through on our way home to try the Flounder w/crawfish, morels,
English peas.  
The only reason why I didn't give this higher then a 4 Star...it was so delicious I wanted a bigger serving!This is a good option if you're in the area.  Service was excellent.  The cocktails stand out more than the food.  Royal Red Shrimp Muddy Waters was the best of the three food dishes we tried.Jack Rose is exceptional!! We had the crab bisque, gumbo, octopus carpaccio, lamb shank, soft shell crab,, and angus steak. Every dish was perfect and the lamb was the best I have ever had! Service was perfect and the decor is so artistically tasteful. I highly recommend a night here when visiting New Orleans!!Jack Rose is one of the newest and best restaurants you will find in the city.  The restaurant has excellent customer service from the hostess stand all the way through the kitchen.  It's other elements such as atmosphere, food, and servers leave nothing on the table. 
If you have the chance, stop in and grab a bite.  They are getting busy, so may want to call ahead for a table.  Should you like, ask for Deborah, Sarah, or Jenna, anyone of these servers will not disappoint. 
Jack Rose has opened now for approximately 2 months, we have been in at least once a week, sometimes more since the opening.
Yumm.I can't say enough about this restaurant. 
The food ranks effortlessly among the top tier of New Orleans establishments. The octopus. The brussel sprouts. The black angus daube. The soft shell crab. I think kittens are adorable. But if the only way I could get another chance to eat that soft shell crab was to drown a kitten, then, without question, I would drown the kitten.
The service was superb. It hit the perfect balance of attentiveness and space.
But among venues with its calibre cuisine, there's one thing that puts Jack Rose in a league all its own  -- the place is a blast! I don't know if it's the music (very well chosen by somebody more fun and more hip than me), the decour of the place or the engaging personalities of the staff. But whatever it is, five minutes after we sat down, I looked around and realized that everybody in the place was having a ball. And they kept having a ball for 2 hours.
In a word, Jack Rose is an instant classic -- and a major new player on the New Orleans restaurant scene.Had a DELICIOUS and FUN Friday afternoon at Jack Rose with my out-of-town guests!!  Food is picture perfect...and tastes even better than it looks. The FRIED chicken parmesan with fresh pasta is unlike anything else in the city.  The staff is also wonderful -- treats you like old friends, not like customers.  They were also very patient with my niece, who had more fun than any of us.  Thank you, Emery and Brian!Walking in you feel like you're transported to a different world of elegance and style (not over the top fancy, very down to earth) - the walls are decorated superbly and details not missed. All that translates into the beautiful food as well - the highlights are really the entrees, which while pricey, are well worth it. The snapper (whole fish) came out terrific with flavors well balanced, full of meat and juicy. Cocktails are also delightful - strong and delicious: the restaurant serves up their own unique take of well known drinks. Lovely place to go, to enjoy the food, enjoy the walls and ambiance, enjoy chatting with the staff, everything. Went at 9:30 PM and it was packed, always good to get a reservation too.This place has really nice decor but the food is average in my opinion, (say 3 star level). My extra star is for the good service and the ambiance.I just ate here on my first night in New Orleans and it could've been a better experience. I'm staying at the hotel alone waiting for some friends to arrive tomorrow, and was contemplating room service for dinner. I read about the restaurant and decided to go there instead. The staff was lovely and welcoming to a solo diner. My waitress, Anjal (I may be butchering the spelling of her name), recommended the crawfish toast as quintessential New Orleans. I added the shrimp appetizer and was in heaven. Both dishes were so flavorful and exactly what I wanted out of a New Orleans dining experience. When it came time for dessert I was stuffed, but after hearing Anjal talk about the rose cake I decided to get it to go and have now eaten far more than my stomach will allow. I'm so happy I stopped by - the food, drinks, and service were all exceptional.What a fantastic meal. The ambience was perfect and the food was superb. Attentive but not annoying staff. Order one of the specialty cocktails and then take a trip to the Hot Tin bar upstairs. This should not be missed.We came here on a recent trip to NOLA and were surprised to say that this was a definite highlight and maybe the best meal of our trip. The duck was the best duck any of us had ever had and the escargot and the shrimp & squid ink pasta appetizers were amazing! The atmosphere is fun and artsy but it can be a bit loud. Staff was attentive without being overbearing. We will for sure return. Reservations recommended.Neat decor and friendly staff. I first walked in and definitely looked lost. You walk into a living room atmosphere and the hostess stand is in the back and bar is to the side behind mirrors. Theres a little window for you to see them making drinks. Hostess came up and greeted us and sat us in the room behind the hostess stand. I ordered a Jack Rose cocktail but wasn't really impressed. It was just way too strong for me felt like I was drinking a shot instead of a cocktail. We ordered a few small plates: street corn(delicious!),escargot(very good), and royal red shrimp(my favorite). Entrees were: lamb shank(kinda gamey and bland wouldn't order again and I felt like the risotto wasn't cooked evenly some soft and some hard bites), special was soft shell crab and my friend said it was very good, and fried chicken parmesan(husband said it was okay and spaghetti sauce was more on the tart side). I forgot our waitress's name(blond hair,glasses,bubbly attitude and friendly). She asked how was everything and I just told her I didn't really enjoy the lamb but the small plates were very good. Once we got the check I noticed she didn't charge me for the lamb which I didn't ask for but was pleasantly surprised. I would return for the small plates,atmosphere, and friendly service.Breathtaking. I'm pumped. The Caribbean Room peeps did a mass make-over and it was well worth their effort. Chef Brian Landry hits it out of the park. I don't even know where to start. 
1. The SALADS! I'm a salad kinda girl and the table-side Caesar is my new fave. Kale. Croutons. Cauliflower. Heaven. I also like the Italian salad and the green goddess.
2. The DESSERT! Their pastry chef deserves saint-hood here in our city because the FLUFFANUTTER sundae is literally nostalgia in your mouth. I adore the rose buttercream cake which is made with grapefruit (also my fave). Last night I tried the chocolate semi-freddo (sp?), and while I'm not a chocolate dessert person, this thing was epic. 
3. The Jack Rose signature cocktail...I have no words. Just go drink it.
4. Go. Get. The. Chicken. Parm.
5. The starters are crowd pleasers as well; I love the sweetbreads, the fried veggies (frito misto, I believe), and the House-made squid ink pasta with shrimp. Decadent. 
Whoever is responsible for this work of art is a baller in my book, and has really elevated the dining experience at the Pontchartrain...and throughout the city. SO FUN. Props on the Ashley Longshores featured throughout the dining room.This is the best brunch in The city! It is unlimited champagne. The only downside is that it lasts as long as you have food but the food is so good that it is worth getting multiple courses! I had the steak and eggs and I 10/10 recommend this! The service was great and it's an extremely picturesque place!I'm upset that no one told me about bottomless Veuve. Rude. 
That was worth a trip allll by itself. I'm thankful for the hosts who stopped me at the door or else I would've ended up on St. Charles walking the streetcar tracks with a glass of champs in my hand. 
Enough about that.
My food was delicious! Got the special for that day and it was filling. Please go if you're ever in NOLA.This an update to another review I did 7 months ago. The last time I ate here it was fantastic . I ate dinner here  1/9 and it was not the same experience. When I ate here in June I had the king trumpet pasta dish with capers and it was incredible. I ordered the same dish last night and it was completely different. The portion was smaller and there were no king trumpet mushrooms . The dish had enoki mushrooms. I have posted pics below of the dish and you can see it is completely different. I also ordered the rose buttercream cake which came out half frozen with the buttercream cracking off. My waiter apologized profusely when i showed him and offered to get me another piece which I declined . Not sure what is going on but was completely let down this time.Excellent!
I can't think of a reason to take any stars away.
I went for my birthday dinner, and it was the best choice! 
The seating and lounge area are beautiful, fun, and generally relaxing. 
The staff was so sweet. I'd forgotten to call ahead (it was a Jazz fest weekend) so they didn't have anything available in the main dining area. The hostess still tried to make room, but with a party of 5, it was a no go. They let me know you can sit in the lounge and eat from the snack or dinner menu or even on the patio. It was perfect weather, so we decided to sit outside. They quickly set up the tables and sat us down. 
The food and drinks were delicious. I had their signature drink, the Jack Rose, and really enjoyed it. My friends had the Ruby Slipper and loved it. Of course, if it's your first time, I'd recommend the Jack Rose. You won't regret it!
I split the chicken parmesan and crawfish bread with one of my friends and I had to slow down to save room for dessert. The chicken was beautifully seasoned, there was a lot of meat, and we discovered it now comes with pasta where it had not before. Worth a taste, even if you have to box up half it. The crawfish bread was more like a grilled cheese with the crawfish on top, so it's very filling. I was happy with the dinner as a whole...then dessert came. I went straight to heaven. I ordered the grapefruit cake. The waitress brought it out with a sparkler candle and another waiter to sing me happy birthday. It was so sweet! 
The cake was about 4 layers with the cake itself and the cream that was in between the layers infused with grapefruit flavors. It was still sweet and not overpowering, though. It was the perfect amount of icing and was beautifully moist. 
After a wonderful evening, we went up to Hot Tin, the rooftop bar within the same hotel, so this restaurant and location really has it all. I will definitely be back!Really busy. Really lively. Very good food.
This used to be the Caribbean Room. But it has upped its "cool" quotient: much louder, much brighter, much busier. The cocktail menu is quirky, interesting and locally focused. They still have the pompano en papillote, although it has a saffron cream sauce instead of the herb butter sauce it used to have. Very good, though. My husband loved the duck. The bread service was disappointing, and service was enthusiastic, but overburdened with the crowd.I just actually physically cried over this black angus daube it was so damn good as it melted in my mouth and deeply appreciative mind. This is the best meat I've ever had in my life.LOVED IT!!!! Not sure how I didn't know about this place! If you haven't been you are missing out! The drinks are AWESOME, the food is good and there is a roof top bar! How can you beat that?! If you haven't been GO, NOW!I had dinner with friends for my birthday! The atmosphere is lively and fun! The food was amazing. The drinks are to die for. And you absolutely have to take a picture in front of the Lil Wayne picture. I'll definitely be back for date night. After dinner we hopped on the elevator to check out Hot Tin. The cool atmosphere and lively crowd carried on upstairs. Chic & fun!Came here at the recommendation of my brother in law while on a business trip. Food was incredible. The crawfish toast , the king trumpet mushroom with bucatini and the desserts were out of this world . My friends loved their dinners as week , one had the flounder and the other soft shell crabs. The rose butter cream cake as well as the lemon meringue were also incredible.I have waited a long time to try this highly rated restaurants and was so dissappointed with our experience. We spent Christmas dinner here and the menu was a prefix menu which was fine. Ambiance was great and the hostess was friendly. We could barely hear our waiter and he was not overly friendly just very to the point... I had to say "what?" After everything he said and was never asked if I wanted another beverage. The food is what we were so excited for and like I said it was a huge disappointment...kind of like the chef didn't even show up. Every dish needed major salt and every dish was room temperature (even my soup and bread pudding- everyone of the dishes we ordered should have been hot). The plates weren't even warm, they we're cold. I ordered the duck as my entree and not only was it also just room temperature, there was absolutely no sear on it to crisp it up or make it more flavorful.  At $65+ a person I really expected ALOT more! We won't be returning or recommending this restaurant.Great ambiance and cocktails! Great desserts. Cool rooftop bar (Hot Tin). Expect loud atmosphere. A couple of us found our entrees a bit too salty but asides from that it was very nice.The service is always good! The first time I went service was good better then the most recent time (my 2nd). I decided to take my boyfriend out to get champagne and dessert. We did not have reservations. So I told the hostess we would not be in the restaurant for a long time. So she was nice enough to pencil us in on the spot!!!! We had the champbongs which were pretty cool a great way to celebrate special locations. The Smore's dessert was pretty good. The brownie was chilled, I will preferred had it been warmed. That's how Jack Rose serves it.Great food and excellent service. Arrived without a reservation and were promptly seated. Cesear salad different but very enjoyable.Trendy spot on the first floor of the historic Pontchartrain Hotel has something for everyone. The music is great, the vibe is super cool, and the staff is awesome. The food leaves a little something to be desired. 
Appetizers included escargot, royal red shrimp muddy waters, and roasted cauliflower. These weren't too bad. The escargot was cooked perfectly. 
Out of our group, there was a variety of entrees ordered. Snapper, chicken Parmesan, lamb shank, pompano en papillote. Of these, the fried chicken Parmesan stole the show! Snapper was good also. Lamp shank and pompano left a little to be desired. 
There is an eclectic selection of art throughout the space, the lights are perfectly dimmed, and there's a really cool disco ball in the center of the restaurant. Jack Rose deserves a visit.Gorgeous, hip, fun and cool. The environment alone is enough to enjoy. The food is fabulous! Well prepared and nicely served. Definitely a place where one can just kick back and enjoys meal with friends or have a romantic dinner. Love!Wonderful food, host, servers, sommelier,  and MC was our guide through the whole experience. Beautiful space and really unique decor. Mixing the old with the new. Do not miss this if in NOLA!I can't say enough about my first trip!
I will my restaurant food blog post do the talking!
www.willseatsandtreats.com
Amazing!Appetizers were delicious, and crawfish bisque was AMAZING. Most of all, Katie was the best server we've had in New Orleans and we'll definitely be returningBEST meal on the trip -- don't miss it! Atmosphere and service were amazing, flavors and texture were incredible, highly recommend coming for dinner and then hitting the rooftop bar for the best view in the city. Reservations needed, come early to check out the property.Super cool place. Great vibes and super trendy. Started with steak tartare. Second time I have ever had the dish ( first being in Montreal). It was delicious and very flavorful. Boudin empanadas were recommended by waiter. Really great choice. The blue crab bisque was ok but I could do without. Husband got the fried chicken parm. The fried chicken itself was cooked very nice. The batter was super flavorful. The red gravy was ok ( not too flavorful) but the chicken made up for it. I had the lamb shank and it probably was one of the best lamb shanks I have had. The au jus was so flavorful with it. We ended with the recommendation of the grapefruit cake. The grapefruit was very subtle and if you like icing and cake you will like this. The waiter was very knowledgeable and helpful. I will def go back because there were so many other dishes I wanted to tryThis place was awesome!  The cracked potato appetizer was amazing!!!!! Highly recommended!The atmosphere was perfect.The staff was attentive & had great attitudes. The music & disco ball made for a fun hangout with friends. I would go back simply for the atmosphere. The food was good. Nothing amazing but the tone of the restaurant made up for the lacking of "amazing" food.  If you are seeking a fun & inviting restaurant- here it is!LOVE this restaurant. The decor is so quirky & fanciful. The drinks are lovely. Service is outstanding. The food was phenomenal (especially the crawfish egg rolls). My husband & I split the chicken Parmesan which may have been a tad undercooked because we both felt some moderate stomach upset after dinner, so just double check that, otherwise the dish itself was fantastic. I'm not at all sure why, but the pasta that accompanied the chicken Parmesan was the best I've ever had. Also since it was our anniversary they brought us champagne in a bong style glass, which was hilarious & so fun to drink. We also ordered the mile high pie. Unfortunately is just a very tall slice of various ice cream flavors. No actual pie involved. Maybe I read the menu wrong, who knows. It was still good, if ice cream is what you are wanting. Regardless, we had a wonderful time & will definitely return.We went for a girls night celebrating a birthday. The place was hopping on a Saturday night. The atmosphere is so much fun. From the loud retro decor to fun wait staff. Our waiter was so knowledgable of the menu. We did a family style dinner. Everything we tried was delicious. 
We ordered 
The Escargot 
Crawfish bread 
Crawfish bisque 
For mains we tried 
Flounder which had crawfish on top. They filet it and then fry the bones so you can pick through that. So good! I spent a lot of time picking. 
We also had the pompano which is baked in a bag. The lamb was bone in. Its done more like a roast. Everything was delectable. I plan on going back with hubby. Almost forgot, we had a chambong. My first time. It was a very fun place!Food was good. Bathroom was completely destroyed. I asked the server to pay for the bachelorette and champagne for the table but she gave the lady of honor the bill on her day.This place is awesome!! A friend and I went on a Sunday night and the neighborhood wasn't too hard to park in and it was pretty quiet and nice. Walking into the place, you immediately get engulfed in the atmosphere. The walls are covered floor to ceiling in portraits (which the obvious main attraction in the center of the wall). The main lounge has the couches and chairs all around the room, with the one wall covered in portaits, and the opposite wall as a mirror to open up the room and make it look bigger. In the back is where the sit down dining was. They have 3 bars in the restaurant, one in the main lounge area, the Bayou Bar, and a rooftop bar. The Bayou Bar featured live piano music and we didn't get to check out the rooftop one, but we stayed in the lounge because I wanted to get a picture. I originally wanted to order the Yams A Make Her Dance cocktail, but I guess they didn't have it anymore, so instead I ordered the Ruby Slipper (super good). Sipped on cocktails and ordered the crawfish bread (AMAZINGG- I'm talking like you'll want to lick the plate clean good). It was cheesy, the bread had great texture and the sauce tasted so creamy. Not to mention, they loaded the crawfish tails on it! It was actually quite filling for two of us to share (came with 2 pieces of the square cut focaccia bread). The lighting is great at night for the pictures and the staff was super nice. Very helpful, polite and courteous and attentive! Overall, we loved our experience here and will definitely be coming back to try more cocktails and crawfish bread... and I'll be dragging my friends here as well. :)My partner surprised me with a date night at Jack Rose - what.a.brilliant.surprise! We started off with cocktails at Hot Tin and overlooked the city and then made our way down to Jack Rose.
NOLA is known for its hospitality and good service, but let me say, Jack Rose went above and beyond. From the moment we got to the hostess stand, everyone was chatting to us and they all made note that my boyfriend had told them I was vegan when he booked. (I love that they actually made a note in the system, rather than just trying to wing it when we showed up like a lot of places.) From the beginning, the woman who showed us to our seats was telling me what foods I could enjoy with what substitutions. Our waiter, Jonah, then came over and made some more vegan suggestions. The entire time he was pleasant, polite, friendly, incredibly helpful, and went above and beyond (even walking me to the ladies' room!).
There was a small wedding party for a couple just married and I totally get why they would come here afterwards: the ambience is not replicated anywhere else. It's quirky, it's romantic, it's tasteful, it's old-world charm with a twist. There are different vibes to the different rooms which felt like such a unique experience in itself. 
We both started with cocktails. I got the Summer en la Ciduad after Jonah told me it was one of his favourites. And it was very different and very delicious. I ordered the crispy brussel sprouts to start, without the bacon or breadcrumbs and my partner got the muddy water shrimp. He enjoyed his and mine was delicious - the dressing on top, I want that in a bottle! For mains I went with the king trumpet mushrooms on bucatini without the cheese and my boyfriend ordered the pompano en papillote which he raved about. Mine accidentally showed up with cheese - mistakes happen! - and I had a manager (I think?) and Jonah both apologize profusely for it. It was quickly corrected the dish was incredible. I so enjoyed getting a proper vegan meal at an upscale restaurant rather than some thrown-together veg (not to mention that it's already on the menu, just need some things left off!). 
I am already dying to return, for the service and the ambience just as much as I am the food.Perfect no rush brunch spot with $30 bottomless champagne. The food was mediocre. We also ate before so we just had apps. The tuna was pretty good. Don't order the steak tartare it didn't taste fresh. It tasted like raw ground beef. The atmosphere was neat with a diverse crowd. I'd go back to chill& drink. Brunch wasn't my favesCame here for a birthday dinner and I was impressed. Although the menu is limited and seems unappetizing, everything I tried was delicious! From the "inked" pasta to the vegetable tempura, I loved everything. Go upstairs for a surprise :)I finally made it over to Jack Rose for brunch on Sunday. The crowd was lively since it was hours before our heartbreaking Saints game and there was a band playing in the front room... and the piped in music was still being fed through the speakers in the back room, where we were. I mentioned it to our server after I couldn't take it anymore and he immediately shut down the piped in music. WHEW.
I started with a Bubbles & Butter cocktail. Yum bourbon and sparkling wine, 2 of my favorite things! My appetizer was the royal red shrimp with squid ink pasta. The shrimp were delicious and the pasta was earthy and rich. For my main, I had a scallop special with saffron risotto. It was gorgeous and very tasty but could have used a smidge of salt and pepper. For dessert we split the mile high pie, because how could I resist? It was gorgeous and lived up to the hype.
The place was packed (they moved our reservation back) because the restaurant was closing early because of the game. So the minor service bobbles were not a big deal. And for whatever reason, the back room was really cold, but it was in the low 40s outside. I was pretty impressed that they kept the folks who were doing bottomless veuve well supplied.
I would definitely be back to sample more delicious items, but hopefully on someone else's tab next time.Unbelievable food and eclectic atmosphere! Can't wait to come back! We got 4 different entrees and they could not have been any better! Highly recommend this place!Here it is over 24 hours later and I'm still thinking about this place! You must go!I really enjoyed a solo dinner here during a recent business trip. The sofa and coffee table setting where I was seated was comfortable, but a bit awkward for dining. The food and service were both terrific and I am glad I chose this restaurant. It was a lovely evening - a good book, very good drinks and unusual and delicious food.Excellent Restaurant, Food was outrageously delicious. Hospitality was impeccable, Old NOLA Charm. Cannot wait to go back.We stayed at this hotel so this place ended up being our go to place once we finished roaming around town. Comfortable seating, drinks weren't bad at all. Some were better than others but I ended up finding a drink that I really enjoyed (a couple of nights, a little too much), Endless Summer. The people watching for us was GREAT. There's a painting of lil'wayne on the wall and we were amazed at how many people had to have their picture taken with it in the background. You would have thought this celebrity was actually in the room. Very funny to watch.Get the jack rose drink. Food is wonderful and atmosphere crazy trendy and fun. Def a young atmosphere. Only critique is that the wait can be a little long, even with reservation. But it's worth itIf I could give more than 5 Stars, I would! This past weekend we had a very large rehearsal dinner (60 people) and welcome reception party (about 150 people) following the dinner. And, this was the best food, service, New Orleans venue and accommodations ever. Right from the friendly and convenient valet, to the extraordinary service, to the amazing food, and coordinating all the logistics... I can say enough about how great our experience was at the Jack Rose. Even our guests staying at the hotel - enjoyed their entire experience! Laura, was wonderful in ensuring every detail was addressed, helped us pick the perfect menu, and ensured all our guests received the 5-Star experience we were hoping for. Also, I have never had such great food when being served for so many people - crab bisque soup ...awesome! and filets and shrimp were perfectly done and artistically presented! Far exceeded what I could have imagined!This is arguably the absolutely best brunch I've ever had in my life. From the ambience to the amazing dishes, I can't stop raving about how incredible this place is. The caesar salad is anything but standard with kale and cauliflower. It was delicious!! If you are ever in New Orleans, Jack Rose is a must. I will definitely be back again and again. Lastly, huge kudos to our server, Justin. He was very attentive and courteous and made the visit that much more enjoyable.I dined on Valentine's Day in this beautifully designed restaurant. I ordered the tempura romanesco & king trumpet mushrooms. I also had the champagne shot, which was pretty cool drinking it out a flute like glass that give a rush when taking it. The host found the perfect corner table & provided me with a few recommendations by request, being that I'm pescatarian. I absolutely loved the recommended appetizer. I wouldn't let them take it from the table until I ate every piece of romanesco which was my first time having. I also loved the texture of noodles in my main dish. I was too full for dessert but would love to return for the mile high Pie & coffee.I was lucky enough to stay at the Pontchartrain Hotel on a recent trip to New Orleans. I ate at Jack Rose and the food was absolutely delicious and I can't wait to come back. There is street and valet parking. When you enter the restaurant the ambiance is upbeat and eclectic. There were so many fun touches in the decor there was always somewhere to look. I made a reservation and was seated right away. The wait staff was friendly, professional and had great recommendations. There was a good cocktail menu as well as a decent beer and wine list. The food was so delicious! I had the black angus and gnocchi. They are known for their mile high pie but I opted for their flutter nutter sunday which I would highly recommend.I've only been for brunch but plan on going for dinner soon. Atmosphere was nice and the staff was very nice. I had to duck confit hash with eggs and fried oysters appetizer both were very. My friend had the crab omelette which was good as well.If I could give this 10/5 stars, I would. Atmosphere, service, food...phenomenal!! New Orleans has needed a place like this.I went here for thanksgiving dinner yesterday with my sister and all I can say is everything was incredible from the cocktails to the trumpet mushroom dish, our server was very knowledgeable forgot his name but he had a beard and was super great at his job. I will definitely be back here soon and would recommend to many peopleAmazing, delicious... Bailee our server was exceptional. We had the fritto misto appetizer, the duck andouille gumbo so flavorful, the angus daube (melt in your mouth good) and the rose buttercream cake perfection. The vibe is amazing as well. Geaux!Love the ambience of the restaurant. Service was really well. Portion size not so much. But I didn't expect it to be. However I did expect the food to be better then what it was. It wasn't bad. But definitely could've been better. Price wasn't so bad either.My goodness, I went there alone on Thanksgiving and had one of the best meals I've had in a long, long time. 
First, the restaurant is just beautifully decorated. There's a lot of neat artwork in the walls to look at. The lighting is perfect. Then you hear music softly playing in the background. Is that Little Richard I hear??? No, it can't be. Then, by the time you hear Fats Domino, you know you've come to the right place. It feels like home. 
Now, for the food. I started off with the oysters brochette. Tender, juicy oysters, lightly breaded and served on a bed of mascarpone. Just delicious! I followed that with a bowl of the duck gumbo. Just spicy enough to give it a little kick. A very rich, satisfying gumbo. 
My main course was the pompano en papillote. Seasoned with saffron and served with baby bok choy and sunchokes, this was one of the most delicious fish dishes I've ever had. The pompano was mild and sweet. It was cooked still firm yet it yielded to the slightest pressure of my fork. It was magnificent. 
For dessert I had the citrus tiramisu. Honestly, I could go the rest of my life without eating dessert ("just gimme some more o' that thar pompano") but this tiramisu was very nice. It got me thinking, though, that a banana tiramisu would be almost indistinguishable from a good ol' Southern banana pudding. I might try that at home sometime. 
Service was top-notch. My waiter John was very professional. He was knowledgeable and walked that fine line between being friendly and helpful without being too familiar. I highly recommended him.Could not have asked for a better experience. Food was delicious (Shrimp Muddy Waters was a 10/10)and hospitality was excellent. Brianna provided outstanding service, can't wait to go back!Just wow. This restaurant owns the wow factor! Atmosphere is perfection. Art work (everyone knows) is awesome. Great place for pictures. Second, the food is absolutely SPECTACULAR! Please see my attached photos because they're awesome as they look and taste. This restaurant also has great tasting drinks. Excellent overall menu. Will definitely be back (:Ambiance, ambiance, ambiance. This restaurant is simply beautiful. If you're anything like me, you love a great photo op. Each room in the restaurant has amazing art work and table settings. I love the fact that you can get dressed up or down and still feel great here. 
As far as my meal I decided to step out of my comfort and order the roasted duck. I wasn't happy with my decision, but I will say it was plated very nicely. The food had great flavor and paired well with the grits and greens, but I am just not a fan of duck. I am definitely inclined to returning though. I will say, the menu had other great options that I want to try.Absolutely incredible food 
The drinks were to die for 
The entrees were delicious 
And the dessert was even better 
The atmosphere and details to decorations was great 
It was a lil loud coming from the bar lobby next to the dining room but nothing terribleDisappointing experience. The food was good, but the service was really lacking throughout and was not of the caliber I would expect from a restaurant like this. First the pacing was off; for example, they didn't bring bread until we had already received our appetizers then brought out our main courses while we were still eating our appetizers. Then our server was essentially nowhere to be found once we ordered. He never came back to check on us at all, I had to flag him down to ask to order another drink, he did not drop a steak knife for the duck (which was good, but fairly tough) so I had to ask one of the food runners for one, and once we were finished eating we sat for about 15 minutes before he came over. And the fact that we were completely ignored was even more surprising given that throughout our meal there were 6 employees (3 at the host stand and 3 walking the floor who appeared to be managers) hanging around who were checking on other tables but never stopped by ours. The friendly and responsive food runners and bussers were the only redeeming part about the service. On our way out we asked to speak to the manager, who seemed really unconcerned about our disappointing experience. When I explained that I'm a local and was originally planning to bring my mother when she's in town next week, he simply said they would do better next time. I then stated we would be going elsewhere due to the fact that we were essentially ignored all night, and he said "oh ok." Clearly they don't need our business so we will not be returning. New Orleans certainly isn't lacking for restaurants that provide both great food and great service, and money is better spent at those that provide both.An amazing spot for brunch, on this visit.  The vibe of the place is so cool.  Service and food is outstanding.  
I recommend you try few things and share to eat the most out of the menu and for sure check out one of their cocktails as they are just amazing.
Enjoy!Truly excellent meal. My wife and I split the Caprese salad and crawfish bread (delicious!) appetizers. She had the Red Snapper which was a 10/10 delicious and a TON of food, and I had the King Trumpet Mushroom Pasta. Our waiter, MC, was super helpful and helped us navigate the menu. We will be back!After my third visit in one week...breathtaking. I'm pumped. The Caribbean Room peeps did a mass make-over and it was well worth their effort. Chef Brian Landry and krewe hit it out of the park. I don't even know where to start...but it will take me a while to fully express the fun and deliciousness of the experience at Jack Rose...
1. The SALADS! I'm a salad kinda girl and the table-side Caesar is my new fave. Kale. Croutons. Cauliflower. Heaven. Also, who knew anchovies (optional) could be so decadent. I also like the Italian salad and the green goddess.
2. The DESSERT! Their pastry chef deserves saint-hood here in our city because the FLUFFANUTTER sundae is literally nostalgia in your mouth. I adore the rose buttercream cake which is made with grapefruit (also my fave). Last night I tried the chocolate semi-freddo (sp?), and while I'm not a chocolate dessert person, this thing was epic. Just today I tried the Lemon Merengue (sp?) which was fresh, flavorful, and delicious. 
3. The Jack Rose signature cocktail...I have no words. Just go drink it.
4. Go. Get. The. Chicken. Parm.
5. The starters are crowd pleasers as well; I love the sweetbreads, the fried veggies (frito misto, I believe), and the House-made squid ink pasta with shrimp. Decadent. Also, the Brussel sprouts...you get some in the frito misto...but the full order is worth it if you're a veggie person. 
6. BRUNCH. I'm a breakfast/brunch lover and Jack Rose blew. My. Mind. Chambongs, bottomless Vieuve, and decadent mains were the icing on my Sunday Funday cake. Go with the steak or the duck for fool-proof perfection. 
7. LAST BUT NOT LEAST: the service. It's wonderful. The staff is welcoming, fun, and makes you feel like family. If you want the PROMISE of a good night, ask for Sara. She'll treat you like a king/queen, and make you the best damn Caesar salad you've ever had in your life (not to mention the entertaining anecdotes and perfect pulse reading of any dining circumstance). 
Whoever is responsible for this work of art is a baller in my book, and has really elevated the dining experience at the Pontchartrain...and throughout the city. SO FUN. Props on the Ashley Longshores featured throughout the dining room.The shrimp app was the best thing we had. The chambongs are super fun. The fish that comes in the bag was terribly overcooked and lacked flavor. The fried chicken parm was really good and perfectly crispy. The crawfish bread was good but not worth going back for. Overall, just ok. There are wayy better restaurants to spend your money on.we went here for my mom and dads 32nd wedding anniversary and EVERYTHING was fantastic literally from the appetizers to the entree's to the desserts! Thank you to Chef Dave, Mr. Tony Abadie and our wonderful server Lou and the rest of the staff!The food was amazing. I enjoyed the short rib daube and even asked for mashed potatoes and the waiter was nice enough to mention it to the chef. The atmosphere of the restaurant is very chill. Our waiter was really good also. Great place to take pictures!From the moment we walked in we were reassured that we had chosen the right spot. Our friends love a good photo op, and jack rose has plenty of it. Now for the real reason this place gets 5 stars- Drinks were perfect, food was delicious and service was excellent! We started off with a ruby slipper and jack rose cocktail, both of which were sweet but very good. For appetizers we opted for the steak tartar and kale Caesar salad. The tartar was the best we have had, and the salad was crunchy and bursting with flavor. For entrees we ordered the roasted duck and the lamb shank both of which were mouth watering. We did end the evening with their famous mile high cake. If you're in NOLA this is a must! 
Don't forget they have a roof top bar that is must see as well called hot tin.As a Social Media Manager, let me start by saying this place is very "instagrammable" with the couch and lovely photos in the front room. I'd give the decor 5 stars. I chose this place as a dinner for my friend's bachelorette as I was tasked with finding a "cute, fancy restaurant" and all the girls enjoyed it, especially the Lil Wayne art in the front! We ordered quite a bit of food and the Steak Tartare and the Street Corn were our favorites. The Caesar salad was another crowd favorite with the presentation - they made it right in front of us and it was really cool to watch as they described every detail in the salad. Everyone thought their entrees were just okay. I think we all had such high expectations because the appetizers were so delicious, but we were all a bit let down by the entrees. Mine in particular, the Black Angus Daube wasn't anything to write home about and was actually a bit dry and flavorless. I don't see any similar reviews, so it may have just been a bad day. Our server was Hilary and he could have been better given we were a table of 10. I would expect great service for a larger group, but we received the opposite. He was barely attentive at all, unfortunately. Again, maybe a bad day. It was a Sunday night - maybe he was just exhausted. 
Overall, we all enjoyed this place and were impressed with the presentation of the food and the trendy aesthetic. I'd recommend this place for a date night, bachelorette, or any celebration, but maybe try something other than the Black Angus Daube, especially the appetizers!Only went for drinks and dessert.  Cool, loud decor that makes you feel like maybe the decorator got lost in grandma's attic.  Plenty to look at while waiting in the living room...lots of instagram worthy photo ops.  Drinks and desserts were both great.  Ruby Slipper was a sweet, tart sparkling beverage.  The Mile High Pie was ginormous...3 layers of ice cream with meringue and rich chocolate sauce poured over.  Red Velvet Sundae is sweet with raspberry and creole cream cheese ice creams.  Server said everything was made in house.  Attentive but not intrusive service.  Restaurant can be hard to find as it is tucked away in the back past the hotel front desk.  Parking can be difficult too.  Accepts opentable reservations.This is one of my favorite spots for dinner in the city. The food has always exceeded my expectations and the cocktails are the perfect pairing. I always get the Muddy Waters dish with the shrimp and squid ink campanelle as an appetizer. I'm a huge seafood fan so the fish dish is a go to and I was lucky enough to get a soft shell crab entree when it was in season one time.
I'm usually too full for dessert but tried the Rosé Buttercream Cake and it was amazing! As far as cocktails go , you can't go wrong with the Jack Rose and Endless Summer. 
This is a great spot for a date night especially since there is a rooftop bar, Hot Tin, that you can check out before or after dinner. Definitely recommend checking this place out.Total joke. Poor service, horrific host, all around disappointment. Save yourself a mediocre experience and go elsewhere.i should have taken a photo but i was exhausted after driving from Austin to New Orleans, i will make this review quick and short, the photos i saw for this place made me eager to come here but MY serving size of muddt waters shrimp was sooooo tiny, 3 shrimp, 2 undercooked and the plate was like a toy flying saucer. thankfully they gave me a small fork because it was like 4 bites and done. i hate false ads and i felt robbed here. expensive drinks dodnt help matters and the cauliflower was also half the size i saw in the photos i saw posted. the saving grace was the staff which were all very warm and great and the octopus carpaccio was actually just like the photos and very tasty, best thing i had actually but overall i wont ever return here, theres too much better to choose from in NOLA. id rather go back to Peche, amazing place.Stopped here today to grab some appetizers at the bar and a drink. The food was good but a group of obnoxious people came in, announced they would be obnoxious and then called out a bar patron for being from Guatemala. Racist jerk asked her for her green card. Myself and some others called out this individual and he left but the hotel management failed to remove the group who were all part of the problem. The racist group insisted on finishing their drinks and rather than just covering the drinks and removing the group the hotel allowed them to stay. Poor judgment. No room to tolerate racism.Our meal here was delicious, the ambiance was romantic and the server was welcoming and attentive. The revellion dinner was 3 courses. We started with butternut squash. It was silky and creamy, a pure delight. The neopolitan dessert was just as delicious. We loved our experience here.Soooo amazing. Decor, ambiance, wine list, food, & service. Wish I remembered my servers name, he was so helpful and knowledgeable.this is a fun fun spot.    The decor is old school granny roses, and a giant portrait of LIL WAYNE complete with his glitter grill, and dessert.     Just fabulous.  What a thing to walk in and see.    disco ball, plants, contemporary and strange art, eclectic, and old school, but the restaurant shines.
Fried Chicken Parmesan?  really?    killer.   Bread served with a savory salty smear, and a grilled romaine salad with summer squash, to die for.    Then comes the main course.   The chicken was delightful, and the marinara was great but not overbearing and poured over everything.    rather the marinara on the bottom, chicken on top, and fresh parmesan.    The noodles on their own bed of marinara, and I'd say they used a skewer of savory butter to wrap them round, then place on the marinara, creating almost the look of an noodle enchilada.    Savory and on its on.   Allowing the chicken to stand on its own.
Rose, buttercream cake with fresh grapefruit, and a LIL WAYNE portrait, and we all good in the hood.Amazing is an understatement. Everything from the hospitality to the decor to the food. I stopped by for lunch today around 11AM. Upon arriving, I was a little worried about my super casual outfit (crop top, leggings, sneakers) and the fact that I didn't call in for a reservation, BUT I was greeted and seated immediately without any problem. I chose to sit in the Rose room for a darker environment/vibe. I had just gotten out of a final exam so darkness was exactly what I needed lol. I ordered the Jack Rose cocktail as my starting drink, the crawfish bread as my app, the wagyu flank as my entree, and the grapefruit cake as my dessert. And OH. MY. GOODNESS was it GOOD. The presentation, the portion, the PRICE!! I can't wait to bring my loved ones here for them to see just how great it is. 
My favorite part of this experience was being greeted by every single person who walked by me as I was eating. Professionalism was on the highest of the high here. Two thumbs upI just had the most fantastic meal imaginable at Jack Rose this past week, actually two meals! The food was absolutely incredible, the heirloom tomatoes, the Pompano, the squash blossoms, the escargot, the sweet corn, the blueberry bread pudding and of course the mile high pie with sparklers! The service was phenomenal and friendly! As a friend said of the evening, Jack Rose is everything you hope and dream the New Orleans experience will be and more!Great place!  It's a trendy vibe with eclectic food options!  The music is awesome and the wait staff is very nice!  Must go!I really enjoyed brunch at Jack Rose. It was ducked off right next door to the Pontchartrain Hotel. When you first walk up there's a small courtyard with a couple of tables. It was too hot to eat outside so I wasn't even thinking about that. When we walked in the waiting area was filled with couches and chairs. We got there right when the restaurant opened at 11 because our reservation was for 11:15( I wasn't sure if I should make a reservation or not because I didn't know how crowded it would be, but it's Sunday for brunch so yeah it was pretty crowded) The waiting area was filled with beautiful paintings my favorite was the one of Wayne right in the middle. When we say down the sitting was kind of tight but it was enough room to enjoy the meal. I got the shrimp and grits and it was delicious. They served it in this huge bowl!! There was so many shrimps I was too full when I finishedThis was a night to remember !! Thank you so much General Manager Tony Abadie, Chief Dave,  our amazing server Lou and  the staff for making my parents anniversary the best every! The service and food were top notch and DELICIOUS!!! I can not wait to come back to try Sunday's brunch menu!! I highly recommend Jack Rose and can confidently say it's one of the best restaurants in New Orleans! All the desserts were to die for ,the chicken Parmesan was mouth watering and the rib tips were THE BOMB! 
FIVE STARS +This place was really niiiiccee! The exterior was very eccentric and complimented the fancy vide we were dressed for! The restaurant too is in at 9:58 and they closed at 10 so we were very appreciative. The presentation of the food was just beautiful. The waiter was very nice to us. He kept checking on us and making jokes with us and making sure we were enjoying our night!Having heard so much about Jack Rose I was really worried it would be a let down. I was very pleased to not feel one bit of disappointment. 
First is the atmosphere. If you are looking to dine in some place that will get your group in the mood for a good time, this is the place. How can you not have fun some place that features a Lil Wayne portrait as its focal point. Each room is colorful and unique. Overhead at our table were pics of the mile high pie they were a bit of a convo starter. 
The drink menu is high lighted by bottomless vueve for $30 or $35 for the Rosé. Amazing!  Not much else on the drink menu matters after that. 
The food was tasty!  I started with the corn and crab bisque made with coconut milk, it was by far the standout of the day. Had an amazing depth of flavor. I then had the steak and eggs. All well cooked and nicely seasoned. I then tried the s'mores pie for desert. Very rich and very delicious. I also tasted he mile high pie of a fellow diner, it was equally yummy. 
The service was friendly and prompt. Our drinks stayed full. Each course was served timely without feeling rushed. It was an overall great experience.  You can tell most tables are having fun or celebrating something. It helped we were there during Mardi Gras and the staff embraces that vibe. 
Make sure you get that pic with lil Wayne before you head out.Though I haven't had the chance yet to eat at the restaurant, I have loved both experiences I've had at the Jack Rose bar. The ambiance is great - everyone I know comes here to sit under the Lil Wayne portrait & I am here to say it's even better in person. I chose to come here for my birthday recently & truly enjoyed the chambongs that we had. We ended up having 3-4 rounds of chambongs! It was a great experience, and I look forward to coming back to enjoy the restaurant as well.This review is for the bar lounge area.  I think the decor is super cute and gives it a uniquely inviting home vibe.  And in true Nola fashion there's a really neat painting of lil Wayne complete with a blinged out grill. 
I stopped by for drinks with friends service was fast and friendly. We each enjoyed our cocktails and the chambong. 
I had the ruby slipper- delish!
I will definitely return when in town and try the dessert I heard it's amazing.Tripped across this place on my last night in NOLA. I wish I would have discovered it sooner. The only reason it didn't get a 5 stars for me is because the hostesses made me feel more like it was an inconvenience for her to make me a reservation for 9 pm, but I was determined to get in there to try their chicken Parmesan which was amazing. The ambiance was great, decor was intriguing, the menu and the chambong was so much fun.THIS PLACE IS AMAZING! For your girl gang who appreciates a good time alongside good food! The menu might scare those are aren't used to fine dining. Escargot and sweetbreads frequent the menu but so do Chambongs and Chicken and Waffles with Glitter. Be ready to spend without any reluctance and GO FOR IT! If you aren't easy to be #extra, go somewhere else. Our group wore all sequins and started a Congo line through the place. Come ready to release all inhibitions! Definitely one of the most amazing New Orleans experiences to date, from a local.I chose this place simply based on the yelp reviews, and they did not disappoint! We arrived for our reservation and were promptly seated. We ordered drinks as we browsed the menu our waitress was on point! I hate that I don't recall her name but she was very knowledgeable and made great recommendations. The food was amazing 3 of us chose the short rib and the other two chose lamb chops. Everyone loved what they had. 
To cap the night off, we tried the infamous mile high pie. Needless to say every plate was wiped cleaned lol. Sooooo delicious! This place is totally worth the prices  (multiple drinks and entrees for 5 ran up a $300). The hype is real folks! I will def be back! Also when you go be sure to check out the large painting of Weezy with his shining grill, classic New Orleans.Loved the appetizer shrimp muddy waters, surprisingly delicious! I enjoyed my snapper, and the drink. Atmosphere was nicely welcoming, service great.Celebrated a milestone birthday with girlfriends. Good service and beautiful decor throughout. I like the selection on the menu and some standards for the less adventurous. My pasta with seafood had tiny pieces of lobster but was good overall. Food was served at a good temperature and well composed on the plate. Yum. I would go back.Love This Place!  Ate there with 4 friends.  We decided to eat everything family style which was a great choice.  Everything was delicious from the Caesar Salad made with Tuscan Kale to the Paneed Veal which is HUGE!Very satiated after yesterday's brunch visit! Jack Rose has been on "my list" for about a year and when I received news that one of my fellow Elites and good friends would be leaving town to start anew in another city, I told her to pick a place and she chose JR. This was to be a special occasion, so the pressure was on. 
Jack Rose introduces itself first through opulence. A large living room/foyer filled with velvet settees, overstuffed armchairs, brass, glass and dark walls. On one wall, the iconic painting of Lil Wayne and their signature Mile High Pie, hung amid crowded paintings of various flowers. I joked that when you hang enough ugly paintings, eventually it looks classy! I think the decor is crafty, clever and rich. In the main dining room, a skylight opens up, bringing in crisp, bright light among live hanging plants. The tables are dark with engraved Ponchartrain flatware, blue share plates and rose linens. Our server Jesse was training Nelly so the two of us received attention at every step of the way. Jesse was knowledgeable, descriptive, excited, endearing and caring about our time there. The cocktails we enjoyed were the Punch du Provence, Ruby Slipper, Buzz Buzz Buzz and the Nola 75. The punch was my favorite, served in a beautifully etched coupe glass. I'd love to buy a set for my own home! 
For starters, we nibbled on the cheese board, with the fromage perfectly served at room temperature and accompanied by complimentary spreads and accoutrement like hot peppers, candied pecans, chili dusted raisins, whole mustard and apple puree with crusty bread. For entrees we chose the chicken and waffles with pepper jelly and the special of the day, poached eggs and a biscuit with beef ragu. Everything burst with flavor with the ragu being my favorite. I kidded with Nelly about the Chicken and whether or not it was dry (the most common issue with chicken and waffles.) While the chicken was perfectly cooked, the pepper jelly wasn't enough to dress both the chicken and the waffle, and I felt that melted butter or Steen's Cane syrup might have just pushed it to where it needed to be. 
When the Hummingbird Cake was delivered, I think our socks were knocked off at that very moment as suddenly, and beautifully, a cascade of rose petals began to rain down upon us, while the sparkler brought the whimsy and excitement that every dessert should! It was Nelly's idea to throw flower petals and that was the best idea of the day. Tables around us looked with awe and inquiry wondering where their flower shower was. Well, when your good friend has to move away and make a brunch, the going away meal of the year, ya better pull out all the stops like Jack Rose did. 
Thank you for making our brunch everything we expected and more!!!Great food and service. Had the Chicken park. Dame!!! Great vibe and blaaahh... blaaahhh filling up space to post.Breathtaking atmosphere and incredibly delectable food. 
My husband ordered the chicken parm which turned out to literally be half a chicken. He didn't complain! Said it was the best fried chicken he's ever had. 
I ordered scallops because they're my favorite and these did not disappoint: perfectly cooked and presented on a bed of dark, frilly noodles with the lightest alfredo I've ever had. 
This place is a definite must next time we're in town.The ambiance is beautiful, the service is great! Trust your server's recommendations for food, they know what they're talking about. I went with my friend for her birthday and they bought out champagne in these funky glasses (Chambong, if you've heard of that)Temp checks at the door made me feel safe. Now is the time to go with a reservation upstairs. Less crowded than before and still great food. Limited menu but it was all delicious.Amazing food and eclectic ambiance! I shared the fried cauliflower as well as the fried chicken Parmesan and ciabatta bread. Very filling and delicious! Would definitely come back for more of the same thing or something different!I went to this restaurant for a celebration. I always heard that this place has a great atmosphere with fun decor, yummy food and good drinks. The atmosphere was wonderful! We had an amazing waiter with great recommendations the entire dinner. The decor is great! Fun bright colors, great prices of art (lil Wayne picture), and a spacious feel. The food however was not as great as I was hoping. It was tasty but I felt that it could have had a little more flavor. We started off with calamari which really just tasted like fried batter. We also got the Brussels sprouts which were very tasty however they were a little greasy. We also ordered the ciabatta because you can't go wrong with bread lol. Overall, we had a fun night at this restaurant but I don't think the food is worth the prices.This was our second time visiting Jack Rose and it was even better than the first. We had a reservation mishap with a different restaurant after a show ran late. Jack Rose was gracious enough to seat us at 10:00 at night. Our waiter, Hilary, was amazing! He was so sweet, attentive & hilarious. The atmosphere was so fun & we loved the early 2000s pop music! Our food was amazing! It was the best meal we had all weekend and far outshines certain "institutions" in New Orleans that have become complacent...highly recommend this restaurant & their staff!I love Jack rose! I celebrated my birthday here back in February! But I'm disappointed that they did away with the "KALE Caesar salad!" Now it's crappy romaine lettuce.... ugh kale is just so much better!!! But still love this place! Please bring back the TUSCAN KALE CEASAR SALAD. Thank you so much!This is an awesome restaurant with great food and amazing service. The decor is unique and i love it.
The food is nothing short of amazing with great taste and tenderness in every bite.
The service is AMAZING, the servers are friendly and always smiling. 
The prices are very fair, not overpriced.
I have absolutely nothing bad to say about this place, but i do say...you must check it out!!!If you want amazing food, awesome customer service, and an electric environment - Jack Rose is for you. My husband & I loved it. He is a little easier on restaurants, but I'm highly critical especially in my hometown.
Ordered: Duck & Andouille Gumbo (roux was so dark and rich), Kale Ceasar Salad.  You must really love raw cauliflower. Next time, I'll have it removed. Trout Almondine (best I've ever had), Fried Chicken Parmesan (very decadent and delicious), Brussels sprouts (the harisa added a kick), banana bread pudding (traditionally Nola). 
It was my husband's birthday, so the wonderful waitress surprised us with a slice of their famous mile high pie. The homemade marshmallow sauce on top of the sultry three layers of mint, chocolate, and vanilla ice cream was amazing.Great cocktails. Amazing food. Fun atmosphere. 
Get the Fettuccine Nero! Best pasta dish I've ever had.Great vibes, great food, great drinks, great customer service. The hotel is excellent, very old school and charming. Perfect for a romantic getaway but also fine for a business trip. The customer service is top notch. The Tin Roof bar has an incredible view of the city, great spot for a toddy to end the evening.Went for brunch upon recommendation of many, including Eater.  While the restaurant is gorgeous, we were disappointed to be seated at a table nearest to the service quarters, which was incredibly noisy and really put a damper on the atmosphere.  
Bread basket was pretty good, but the shrimp and grits and the crab and mushroom omelette were amazing.  Lovely cocktails and wine list.  
Lastly, our server was great and knowledgeable.Such a cute place to have a girls night .. Here celebrating a bachelorette weekend. Make sure you make reservations before you come . The whole place is a cute photo opp oh yeah the food is to die for .Amazing food and great service! The ambiance is also amazing. Very artsy! Would definitely recommend a visit if you're in the Big Easy!Wonderfully decorated, lively rooms in the former Caribbean Room of the old Ponchartrain Hotel. Hot new restaurant in the Garden district! 
Service was spot on. The menu is charmingly creative with old favorites lovingly represented. Everything was presented handsomely. Definitely try lunch on Friday. Not to be missed! Get a Mile High Pie to split for dessert!A very memorable spot. Perfect for a ladies' dinner to celebrate our lovely Bride to Be. The Fettuccini Nero was really good, the burger also. I had the short ribs and that was also a yummy dish. The food is good, but what really makes this place stand out is the lovely decor. Chandeliers and art, and stuffed peacocks. The desserts are really show stopping as well. 
Violet, you're turning Violet, Violet! Was a hit for our group. Make a reservation early, as this place is packed to the gills. We had a 2145 seating and it worked for us, but even at a month out, that's all we could get.Great ambiance chicken and waffles great drinks great bland shrimp for grits and shrimp.Very fun atmosphere with fresh, seasonal drinks. Gumbo was mediocre but the crab cakes were delicious. Staff was knowledgable and made recommendations that were helpful based on our tastes.Scene
Chill eclectic vibe with great living room area for pre dinner cocktails highlighted by a portrait of Lil Wayne. 
Service
Our service was one of the highlights of our experience. The server was very knowledgeable, attentive and spot on with all of his recommendations. 
Food
Definitely one of my new Nola faves. I dined with two colleagues and we were all in total agreement that the meal was quite memorable. With a night full of winners highlights were the short rib, royal red shrimp, snapper, and crack potatoes, burrata salad, tomato tartare. The cauliflower was the only disappointment. The ruby slipper was the perfect start to our meal. 
Would definitely go again.Friend told me about the restaurant and it did not disappoint.  The best calamari appetizer I've ever had and delicious dinner.No longer the formality of the Caribbean Room, the new incarnation called Jack Rose is a bit more casual but still a beautiful space populated mostly by beautiful people.  Wine list is not huge, but good and accompanied by a very nice cocktail list.  Service was fine, and the food was generally excellent including very good royal reds with squid ink pasta, tender duck breast, and lamb shank with great risotto.  I made the mistake of trying to go a bit healthier and ordering an heirloom tomato salad in September which came out with massive pieces of fairly hard, largely tasteless tomatoes.  I knew better... but you'd still hope a restaurant at this level would do better on the tomato salad.
Overall, it's a great space and a very good restaurant so I definitely plan to be back.Had a great time here. During COVID, they are seating in Hot Tin. They were able to accommodate seven of us, and allowed us to eat our meal and then proceed with dessert and drinks on the roof top. The service, food, and decor was all excellent.hi emery, since my husband and i loved jack rose so much, i am traveling to nola with 12 women for 50th birthday weekend. we will be coming to the restaurant.
see you then!Great service and I had the chicken Parmesan which was soooo good! It was different as I had like 4 pieces of fried chicken that were all different. A drum, a breast, but the other 2 chicken parts I'm unsure of were really greasy. I couldn't really finish the 2 other pieces bc of the fat/grease. Maybe stick to chicken breast (maybe drum) to make it easier to eat and get your meals worth! The pasta/sauce portion is also really small. It was still good, if they make those tweaks this dish will be phenomenal.The decor is beautiful. Food and service was excellent. Had the short ribs which were fork tender, and my BFF had the fried chicken Parmesan, it consisted of 4 pieces of chicken (half a chicken). The skin was crispy and well seasoned even with the parmesan sauce. Portions were ample. We'll be returning.Absolutely stunning / abstractly pleasing. The decor is dim lit and beautiful. Octopus / crawfish potatoes/ burata were FIRE. 
Entrees / chicken parm was so incredibly tasty. Pasta was perfect. 
Short rib was melt in your mouth. 
I loved this restaurant. A true gem to find while visiting. 
Service / atmosphere / and food. Spot on. 
XoxoThis was my first time having Brunch at Jack Rose. It was a group of 9 for a birthday celebration. The service and food was amazing. I had the Chicken & Waffles with pepper jelly and Brussel Spouts. The food was delicious, I did add some syrup but it was very little because the pepper jelly brought out a lot of flavor.Such a cool place with great food! First time visiting for me, but for others its become a go to when in the city. We cleaned our plates with each course and our service was prompt! Can't wait to go back again.Y'all! This place is just...wow. 
I went with a group of 8 people on a Friday night for my boyfriends birthday. We were promptly seated and asked what we'd like to drink. The service was on point. I can't remember the name of my cocktail but it was the only one with tequila. The coconut rim was like dessert, so good. We got the calamari to share. It was pretty good. The gumbo was different but very tasty. For my entree I got the scallops with squid ink pasta. YUMMM. Hands down my favorite. It was the perfect serving size too. I also tried the grilled cauliflower. The mustard it was served  with took it over the top. We got the mile high pie for my boyfriend and they bought it out with a candle so we could sign happy birthday. It was a perfect experience I would go back every time I visit N.O.   
The atmosphere was really phenomenal as well!This restaurant located about one and a half miles outside the French Quarter does not disappoint. The food is excellent and the atmosphere is somewhat upscale but without being too stuffy. If you were to wear business casual you would not feel over-dressed at all. If you were to show up in a t-shirt and ball cap you might feel somewhat out of place. Anything in between is fine (I had jeans and a bottom down collared shirt and felt comfortable).
The service was good, probably not something that would stick out in our minds as particularly memorable, but for the most part fine. 
The food was terrific. Their fried chicken was tender and juicy on the inside with a great flaky and crispy crust. The veal chops were cooked perfectly and were among the most tender I've ever had. They were like butter. 
Overall it was a great experience. The only thing that was somewhat off putting was the hostess. We called a few minutes prior to our reservation to let them know we were going to be a few minutes late because the street cars were not running on time and the hostess curtly replied "we'll hold your reservation for fifteen minutes" and then hung up on us. Really? Nice manners (this was Thursday, April 1st at about 6:00 PM. You know who you are). Anyway, aside from that experience, everything else was great. 
The bottom line: this restaurant offers great food and an overall great dining experience.I love the atmosphere and the music. By far the best place downtown New Orleans. The scenery with the pictures put extra twist to it lolFirst time at this restaurant and our experience was really disappointed. None of the staff wear masks during a pandemic . Very beautiful place but we ordered the chicken and waffles and the chicken wasn't cooked all the way. The manager came to our table and was arguing with us. The house wine was flat and the service in general was bad! Definitely not coming back again and not recommend this establishment!!So rude. I am genuinely appalled at the service at Jack rose today. Halfway through our brunch, the man who brought us drinks accidentally spilled two drinks on my friends head. He did not apologize, our waitress referenced it and did not apologize and we received zero accommodations because of this. After receiving the check, we brought up the incident to the manager and she was so beyond rude. She took the price of one drink off our check and without a word dropped the new check at our table. Our friend was soaking wet and now needs to get her outfit dry cleaned. So disrespectful! Do not recommend for the price.I have wanted to come here since they opened. It did not disappoint! The entire service staff was friendly and accommodating. The short ribs and crawfish cracked potatoes were delicious. The hype for this restaurant is well deserved.Best lunch ever!!!! Best service! Best ambiance!!! Best champagne!! Best pictures for IG!! This is such a beautiful restaurant and I wish there was one in Ohio. I believe our servers name was MC and he was just such a pleasure and kept us laughing! Great conversation and didn't steer us wrong with any of the selections with made. 
We ate a lot however this is a place to share with friends so I suggest to do this to get the ultimate experience. However if you are just looking for a nice lunch I would suggest the Caesar salad and crawfish bread. Soooo good! Fried chicken Parmesan is amazing as well. Be sure to check out the rooftop bar!Amazing ambiance, food, and the champagne bongs and picture of lil Wayne is always fun. Recommend 100% for any occasion always come back here when friends are in townA great brunch spot. Stopped here for brunch before leaving NOLA, and really glad we did. Ordered a few items from the brunch menu and we all shared. All the dishes were yummy. Highly recommend making a reservation because they get booked up fast. Restaurant is very nicely decorated. Great brunch spot!The atomosphere was nice and our waiter was awesome he knew the menu and was very helpful. The food options were okay nothing special and the food wasn't all that to me. It was my friend Bachelorette party dinner and she's vegan so they were able to accommodate for vegans. The meal I order presentation was good and taste good but did not sit well with me after I threw up so I'm unsure what that was about but I was sick all that night and day after eating my food here. Which but a damper on me participate in festivities. I had the jack rose drink it was so good.Super rude service. Fart more interested in taking to their friends and taking pictures of them. This is for both the dining room and the restaurant. And the place was far empty. Go to another place where you won't be profiled.Perfect for social media junkies. Some of the food was SPOT on and the staff was incredibly welcoming. Really disappointed by the table-side caesar, which is a must-order for me when any restaurant offers it. 
Shrimp with the squid ink pasta was good. Fish was delish.
Overall, okay for food, adorable setting, good drinks, nice waiters.An overall average experience. I realize I'm in the minority with this review but just keepin' it honest! 
Let's start with the good: 
- Beautiful decor! You, of course, have to get a picture with the iconic Wayne painting because did you really go to Jack Rose if you didn't get a pic and post it?!
- Great for bachelorette trips -- not sure exactly why but I guess the combo of the Wayne painting with the different colored rooms and unique drinks/chambongs make this an ideal choice for girl gangs! 
- Espresso martini and sazarac were good
- Chicken parmesan was my favorite out of the things we tried. I did not realize this is served with a bed of noodles -- on a separate plate for my keto eaters out there -- which instantly elevated this dish in my mind. It's a nice shareable portion, too. 
- Blueberry creme brulee with biscotti. Good dessert especially if you don't like super sweet things. 
The average: 
- Cracked potatoes: kinda unwieldy to eat and not much flavor IMO
- Calamari: good though not memorable
- Seating arrangements: my husband and I were sat in a row of tables and then another couple was sat immediately next to us despite there being plenty of open tables. I would've liked to see the restaurant prioritize spacing out guests a bit more. 
Service and price-for-experience were good. Overall, I'm glad we gave it a try to say we've been but I wouldn't put this at the top of my list to rush back.I was too immersed in good company and great food to get proper pictures of everything  and try to capture the moment but wow, just wow this place was so special and down right spectacular. Can't wait to be back  here. The squid ink pasta y'all. Full stop. I mean maybe it's because I watch my carbs and maybe it's because I told myself when I'm in New Orleans I can eat whatever I want but I'll be damned if that wasn't the best decision I've ever made. I wish I could relive my dinner here because it all went by too fast would be my biggest complaint. Their fried vegetables were delightful, the pork belly, oh my, perfectly done. Our entrees- blue crab in the pasta and the red snapper are what dreams are made of. Perfection.This is a dance party, and also a really fine dining experience. This is the most fun I've had in a restaurant in a long time. We were with 8 people and ordered almost everything on the menu...and everything was super dope. For starters, the cesar salad was divine, so were the squash blossoms, the octopus carpaccio, and the escargot. The scrimp with squid ink pasta was also unreal. For my main, I ate the chantrelle mushroom pasta, which was my favorite thing at the table. The only thing that didn't blow me away was the duck, although the grits and greens it was served with were bomb dot com. Service was pretty good, but the atmosphere here is the real winner. They've got really sweet pop art hanging everywhere and played lively, fun music the whole time we were there. It was seriously a blast. In a city brimming with standout dining experiences, this is among the top in my 5 years here.This place is located inside or another place. The ambiance was lovely and the place is truly unique. My friend and I did not enjoy the drinks, however, our food was amazing!Besides the scenery being awesome here, the food is to die for too! The frosé was SO good we had to have a couple. We wanted to get the mile high pie, but had no room. Will have to try it next time.Enter through Pontchartrain Hotel and make a right down the first corridor. Interior is cute. Server was sweet and helpful. Food is meh. Got the crawfish cracked potatoes (hardly any crawfish) and short rib daube (uber salty). Also had the violet you're turning violet cocktail, it tasted soapy.I cannot wait to get back to Jack Rose. The atmosphere was incredible along with the food! Get the Champagne bongs. They were perfect for my birthday celebration. I even got a glass of champagne with a sparkler for me to celebrate with. Overall, incredible food, amazing atmosphere, insta worthy, and great for celebrations. 
Calamari with black garlic aioli, shishito peppers, cipollini onions
Scallop and Squid Ink Linguine (do not split it lol you deserve your own and will want your own) 
Their menu does change slightly but I have seen the calamari on a couple.I am staying at the hotel next door and am jealous of the Pontchartrain. Everything about it is amazing, including all the restaurants and bars. Without a reservation on a Thursday, my family of seven with two additional toddlers decided we would try the Jack Rose. While there was no availability in the dining room, they served the entire menu in the living room, which is perhaps one of the best places of the establishment. We sat on cozy couches next to a wall of framed still-life prints. 
Service here is incredible. What I particularly love is how unique each of the servers is--they all have a style and you would never think they would be grouped together. Yet they are all people you would want to hangout with and they are great at what they do. 
But to the food, which is why I returned again on my trip. I devoured the Yellow Tomato Gazpacho. After days of rich Louisiana food, I wanted something light and this gazpacho was just the ticket. Light but incredibly flavorful. It's rather small, which was good for me, but worth noting for those trying to make a meal of it. We also ordered the country pate for the table. I don't know what's in it. Frankly I don't want to know. But the bread it came on was delectable and the praise is as much for the bread as for the pate. My brother ordered the bread pudding. He said he would share, but we only each got a bite because it was gone in a flash. Everyone loved what they ordered, and the ambiance made everything taste that much better. 
Drinks: I'm a sucker for a good egg white drink and loved the signature Jack Rose cocktail. I ordered another in the Bayou Bar next door so we could listen to the exceptional music of a local band that was making love to their instruments.The food was great and the atmosphere is beautiful. The service was a little slow but they were busy. At least they were friendly and they gave us free champagne bongs which was cool. A great spot for any occasion really but we came for Saturday brunch. We will definitely be coming back.Honestly I fell in love with this place as soon as we walked in! The decor and ambiance are great as well as service and food. Definitely recommend!I loved everything about Jack Rose - the ambience, the friendly staff, and the unbelievable food. I was in town for the weekend and if all the places I visited, this was by far my favorite one.The waiting area is really really heavily decorated nice. I enjoy the lobby and of course the lil wayne Mural and the signature cake was amazing too.  The appetizers surprised me a bit. The Calamari-Was really GOOD (Shockingly) (My 1st time trying btw) The Gumbo- To many of our New Orleanians says it doesn't taste like a Gumbo but.more like a turtle Soup or a thick gravy based and rice. THE Crawfish Cracked Potatoes were good. A bit spicy for those that may not like spice but to me I love crab boil so this was COOL for me. For my Entree I did the Chicken and waffle was delicious.  You literally get a wing...breast...thugh..and leg. The waffles was fluffy with a Steen sauce. I also ordered the "Just another manic rumday" cocktail and it was really Rummy and Gin. Definitely has a nice fruit taste but still also strong on the rum and Gin. THE 8 DOLLAR chambong champagne was really really nice..
 And different so you do kind of have to chug the champagne  in one take or the champagne does spill out. OVERALL I enjoyed this spot and wouldn't mind attending again!This place was great! I came here for my birthday with 15 other people and we had a great time. ITs in a hotel that has a great roof top where you can hang out afterwards. By the restaurant there was a jazz bar playing good music but we didn't get a chance to hang out there. when you first walk into the restaurant there's a room with a bunch of pictures that's prefect for photos. We were seated right away for dinner. For apps we had calamari which was a little small so good thing we got 3 orders, the duck, and a bunch of other stuff, but all were fantastic. Everyone's food came out on time and all at once. I got the beef brisket which was delicious. Sides are separate, I got the roasted potatoes which I would recommend. Everyone loved their dishes. The duck main dish was a little small so if ur hungry or like big dishes this is not for you. The best dish was the chicken parm. It was fried chicken breast with tomato sauce and parm cheese. It was soo tender and the sauce was  amazing! Everyone that tried it absolutely loved  it. For dessert we just had their ice cream cake that comes out with a sparkler, it had a touch of mint flavor to it so I wasn't a fan of that. Over all I would definitely recommend this place. It's one of my favorites:)This place was great. From the decor, kind staff, food, and of course, lil Wayne. I hope to visit again soon.AMAZING EXPERIENCE ALL AROUND! Food, ambience, and friendly/professional staff. You will not be disappointed-do yourself and make time to go! Super fun vibe with great music. Will definitely be back....Pretty cool restaurant, loved the decor and setting of the place. Expensive but very impressive food and drink. Would recommend trying it outCame here for dinner and was so impressed when we walked in by the interior design. Each room was so intricately designed, and of course we had to take a photo in front of the well-known lil Wayne painting. The furniture was glamorous and the color schemes were on point. 
We tried the pork belly, the roasted beet salad, and the chicken parmesan. The pork belly was perfectly crispy yet tender, with a complementary match of salsa verde and white bean sauce. The beet salad was one of my favorite salads I've tried at a restaurant! And the chicken parmesan was just great. Four pieces of chicken, breast and wings, with crunch and tons of flavor packed in. It came with a side of noodles as well. 
Overall, great experience at Jack Rose. Would recommend for a date night, girls night, or just any occasion worth eating delicious food with a great atmosphere. It's also a plus that Hot Tin is right above, so if you're feeling like enjoying a nice rooftop bar after dinner, this is the place to be!This place has it all: great food, ambience and service! Our waiter, MC was absolutely amazing. He checked in on us often and made sure we enjoyed ourselves. He was super friendly and funny, really made the experience! we were celebrating my husbands birthday so MC was so sweet and got us complimentary chambongs- what a fun way to end the evening! The ambience is really cool and of course- instaworthy(hate using that word but it is 2019 lol). Loved that the restaurant had different rooms and each room had its own theme. Now let's talk food- I had the crab cakes and fettucine nero and it was so delicious. The fettuccine nero was so creamy and so much crab meat. YUM. Husband had pork belly and fried chicken which he enjoyed. Overall we loved this place and it is a must visit when in NOLA!lOne of the best meals I've ever had! Seriously!! My bf who isn't even a foodie commented on how much he loved it. He got the chicken Parmesan and I got the scallop dish, as well as the bread to share. Such amazing flavors and so well cooked. I took him there for his bday and they did some type of firework coming out of a delicious ice cream cake and they even threw Rose petals lol. We also got complimentary champagne bongs after our meal. Truly great service.Oh-my-gosh. I lovedddddddd this place. Where do I even start? This was a birthday celebration for me with all my girlfriends. The vibe was PERFECT. They had great music playing, upbeat, loud enough to hear but not so loud you have to yell. The atmosphere is energetic and ambiance is everything. The food was impeccable! My friend and I shared the lamb shank, heavenly. We also split the crack potatoes and Brussels sprouts, both delicious. The table split the calamari, royal red shrimp muddy waters and crispy pork belly- all exceptional. My friend ordered the chicken Parmesan, I tasted it and thought it was really great, not what we expected. We were given chambongs for the table, so fun and how awesome of them.  Most of us ordered the ruby slipper cocktail and all enjoyed it, tasty drink. For dessert they brought us out 3 desserts, THREE!! Birthday cannolis, a chocolate raspberry mousse cake, and the mile high pie, all with sparklers! The service was also wonderful our server was awesome and on top of everything. I would 10/10 recommend this place for a birthday celebration, girls night, or date night!!!Came with the s/o for NYE dinner. Such a great experience! Great service, polite staff, and amazing food. Their special NYE menu was 4 courses and with great varieties from savory to healthy. I think what really sets this place for a great food spot is their ambiance and decor. For instance, the lights and art is totally rad and romantic. Great for a date!My husband and I didn't have a reservation but were lucky enough to grab a seat in the uniquely decorated lounge, which was beautiful. Our waitress was amazing and the food was too. The drinks were really good as well. We had the ciabatta with whipped butter, roasted mushroom salad, 1 & 1 burger, and corn and cornflakes.  I personally had roasted mushroom salad and shared the corn & cornflakes both were delicious. I enjoyed them so much that I wish we would be have been able to get them again before flying home but due to COVID they closed early so we were never around to go back again. My husband raved about the burger as well. I would definitely recommend trying this place. Everything about it was outstanding!!!!My wife could not stop taking about this place a week after we dinned in! I took my wife for her 25th birthday and she tremendously loved how beautiful the inside is. We took pictures everywhere!! Now the food.. it was so delicious.. Our server was amazing and nice to our daughter. This is the place to go if you want your wife or girlfriend to stay with your foreverWe chose to have dinner here because it is inside an old hotel and the atmosphere looked fantastic. Well we were wrong, wrong and totally wrong.  The ambiance looks pleasing however it is exceptionally loud where you feel like you are at an event rather than dinner.   Cocktails were a great start, the autumn soup was spectacular.   My husband ordered the filet and two of us ordered the Parmesan chicken.   My chicken was undercooked and bloody as I was discovering this my husband (who never complains) said my steak is cold.    He did not mean it sat and went cold.  IT WAS LITERALLY COLD.  Refrigerator cold.   When we pointed out the undercooked chicken I was quickly told that is just a vein. Believe me, it was not.  Then my husband said his steak was cold and he was told "that is because you ordered it medium rare". He tried explaining that is was refrigerator cold and the woman again told him that is because he ordered medium rare.  She offered to put it back on the grill (after he had already eaten a bite). We said no thank you.  Unfortunately at a $350 diner I don't really want the manager to explain or argue why I'm wrong about the meal I don't find satisfactory. They did take both dishes off the final bill but continued to serve us with an attitude of how dare you question our food.
Only one out of the 3 of us had a good dinner. We had dessert, which was delicious, paid our bill and will never be back.   Sadly this was the only dinner where we picked by location and not rave recommendations.    We learned our lesson!   Weirdest dining experience to date.Wonderful dinner with my mom! The atmosphere & staff were wonderful. Every one knew the menu really well & answered all our questions well & honestly, which is what an indecisive gal like me loves! 
I forgot to take pictures of the appetizers, because we jumped right in, but we got the salmon tartine & the shrimp in muddy waters. Both were good, but didn't extremely excite me so, next time I would probably try something different!
My mom got the seared scallops on top of the fettuccine Nero, and oh my gosh talk about delicious. My mom loves scallops & gets them everywhere she can, and she said they were the best scallops she's ever had. I definitely agree! I'm not much of a fan of scallops but even I couldn't deny that they were delicious! The squid ink pasta was also delicious & the vermouth cream made it so decadent. I would definitely recommend the scallops. It's not a huge portion, but I think it would be perfect with an app or if you're not super hungry.
I got the lamb shank. It was really good as well! The portion was big! I only ate half & the leftovers were just as good. It falls off the bone & I didn't even have to use a knife! I think it was just lacking some salt, which was a bummer. I don't think I would get this again either, mostly because I would love to try the rest of their menu. Or get the fettuccine Nero all for myself lol.
We also split a side of Brussels sprouts and OMG they're the best Brussels I've ever had!! I even ate some of them cold the next day & I still found myself saying "I could eat these everyday". They were delicious!! Get these!!! I can't stress that enough!
For dessert we got the goat cheesecake. It was good & light, which was great for us because we we already pretty full lol. I think I would try a different dessert next time too.
By far the highlight of our meal was the seared scallops & fettuccine and the Brussels sprouts!! Would highly recommend both!! 
All in all it was a great meal. We'll definitely be back.Location/Scene 
It's located at one of the busiest intersections on St Charles inside the Pontchartrain Hotel. Parking can be a bit of a challenge because it also has a trendy rooftop bar and another hotel next door. 
The restaurant decor is gorgeous, trendy, in-style and eclectic. There's a huge pic of Lil Wayne on the wall. Super dope. 
Service 
Greeted upon walking in is always a plus. I had a quick whirl with trying to find my homegirl but they quickly located her for me. The waiter was very attentive and gave wonderful suggestions for appetizers, entrees and drinks! 
Food & Drinks 
For appetizer we ordered Fritto Misto. It's battered veggies with a Lemon aioli on the side for dipping. 
Drinks: Endless Summer cocktail (hornitos reposado, agavero, coconut, lime, cucumber) I LOVE TOASTED COCONUT!) & Ruby Slipper (vodka, grapefruit, lemon, sparkling) 
FYI the drinks are really strong so take it easy! Lol 
Entrees: We both ordered the Fettuccine Nero! 
It has blue crab, chanterelles, & vermouth cream. It's a very rich dish, maybe a little rich for me but it was very delicious! 
Extra
Once you've completed your meal, you can go to the hostess stand and get tokens to go upstairs to the rooftop bar Hot Tin. The tokens are to help you skip the line if there's one and usually it is.Absolutely awesome. Loved everything about this place!!! Especially the ink pasta... definitely unique and worth ordering.Reserved a rooftop table and the view that did not disappoint. We ordered the flounder (which has a really interesting presentation), the crawfish potatoes (AMAZING) and the crawfish/cornflakes (wasn't warm as I assumed...unique but not for me). Overall, the experience was lovely.We went with a group of friends to celebrate a birthday and we couldn't have asked for better service, restaurant, food and ambiance! It was so fun, hip and cute. The food and drinks were amazing! We got the Disco Ball Punch bowl  and that definitely got the party going. Everything food-wise that we ordered deserves a chef's kiss, especially the fettuccine nero!! LOVED.Went for the aesthetics surrounding Jack Rose, stayed for the food and drinks. And well, the photo opportunities in the Living Room. A month out, I attempted a reservation for lunch but they were already booked so we had an early dinner reservation. We were some of the first people in for the dinner crowd, but within 15 minutes, it was packed with everyone else. So definitely plan accordingly! Don't attempt it on the fly if you really want to eat here. 
Food was delicious. We had the Murder Point Oysters for appetizers and I had the Red Snapper for dinner. The others had the Fried Chicken Parmesan and Short Rib Daube. I don't think anyone had a chance to fully discuss it because we were too busy cleaning our plates. 
The drinks were fun and delicious and if you go, you cannot skip the Chambong. It's just not possible to visit Jack Rose and NOT get a round of Chambong. 
Of course, stop by the couch under the Lil' Weezy photo because no trip here is complete without it. Expect a line of people thinking the same thing. 
It's a great place to treat yo self!We were celebrating a birthday so were looking for a restaurant that was following safety protocols and could ensure table distance.  online, the reviews said jack rose was doing this so we made a reservation and went.  overall, great food but horrible service 
Food - the food was good.  the portion size was perfect and the flavor and taste of each dish was either good or great.  the cracked potatoes, the rib and the fish were standouts.  the dessert wasn't that good so i would skip that
service - the service was horrible.  our waiter basically ignored us and we had to ask other staff to get what we needed.  i wanted to surprise our birthday celebrant with a candle and i called to ensure it was in the reservation but when i went up to the hostess, the couldn't care and interrupted me and said "just tell your waiter" and walked away.  
safety - the only safety protocols that seemed to be in place was the spacing of tables (by not much though) and staff were wearing masks.  but other than that, they were touching each plate, they were reaching over you with no regard to distance, and were mixing between various tables
overall poor safety practices and horrible service but great foodJack Rose met all expectations. Brought a group of my friends for my bachelorette because we heard about the food. Squid ink pasta is a MUST try! Also, pork belly was to die for, melt-in-your-mouth kind of pork belly without making you feel sick. It was served with a heavenly verde. Now here's the real kicker, I came here for the food, but was SURPRISED by the drinks. I am a huge tiki aficionado, and when I saw "Trader Vic's Mai Tai" on the menu, I ordered it strictly because it said it was a Trader Vic's recipe. Most mai tais are a bunch of shit mixed with orange juice, completely disrespecting the original recipe. This was a REAL mai tai! I was so happy I could've fainted. If you are looking for a good-ass drink, come here. (Also Latitude 29 in NOLA......because they can do tiki no wrong!) Highly recommend Jack Rose and will be bringing my husband on our next trip to NOLA!Great restaurant and experience! A must visit for social media gurus. Incredible decor, food and service.What a great spot with so many options. Jack Rose nestled on the charming St. Charles Ave was a welcomed surprise for brunch. 
I've visited New Orleans several times over the past decade, and the food here makes me wish I came as soon as it opened. 
First, I got a flat white from the coffee shop attached to it, and it was perfect. When we arrived, the hostess and staff seated us promptly and even adjusted the wobble in the table (who knew!!). 
The food was, in fact, the main attraction!  First, the crispy pork cheeks were heavenly. I had a sample of the duck and andouille gumbo, and OMG, it was terrific. 
I settled on the chicken and waffles with pepper jelly over the shrimp and grits, and both were to die for. 
This place is eclectic with both style and food and a must visitFun !  Great menu with lots of delicious options.  Brunch was amazing and our group had a great time filling ourselves with mimosas and great food.Loved this place! Creative cocktails and beautiful living room areas that make you feel like youre at a royals birthday party.
Love the vintage/modern eclectic style of itCame for a birthday dinner. Lol it must have been birthday night because they had a couple of groups here tonight. S/o to the friendliest and bubbliest server ever, Bailee! She was so great. The food here was delicious. Chicken parmesan was finger lickin good. It was big enough to share between me and my sister. The music was on point. I don't know who made the playlist but please never change it. Great atmosphere. Chambong!Brunch drinks were terrific and I went with the server's recommendation which was chicken Parmesan...meh. Sorry but that was not so amazing. Both men ordered duck hash which forgot the duck or had such a tiny amount, it wasn't worth mentioning.Absolutely beautiful setting... loved the decor. Drinks were pricey but delicious. As a vegan, options were very limited. Here for brunch, we ordered the tempura cauliflower, Hub got the roasted corn bisque and poisson en papilotte, and I got the Chinese bbq mushrooms. Cauliflower was delicious, Hub said the corn bisque could have been better but loved loved loved his fish, meanwhile my mushroom dish was good but not great. As a vegan going out to eat, vegan dishes are always better at a dedicated vegan restaurant otherwise it always comes down to ordering a side salad and French fry. This wasn't as limited but for the price, a fry and salad would have been preferred. Next time, I will enjoy my cauliflower and drinks at Hot Tin and call it good.Absolutely amazing all around! So happy we got to experience Easter Brunch here. Our server was very attentive and the food was IMPRESSIVE! My husband got the steak and eggs and I got the fried chicken. Both were phenomenal. We of course did the $30 bottomless veuve.This place is great! The decor and ambiance is incredible, the staff is so kind and fun, and the food is unmatched. I had the teriyaki eggplant and it was one of the best things I've ever tasted!I'm obsessed with this place, the food is amazing and the staff is awesome! I can't believe I've only been here once.Great atmosphere. Service was great. Fun and trendy. A little loud, but it didn't ruin the evening. The food was really good. I recommend the pasta.This was the first stop that my book club decided to visit! Upon my arrival, I was greeted by a large photo wall inclusive of none other but New Orleans' own Lil Wayne. Of course, none of my party was on time so as I waiting for them to arrive I ordered an "Endless Summer" cocktail and OMG... can we say AMAZING! I'm not one to normally go for coconut, but that drink had me at hello. The ambiance is very chic and cute. Our server was very sweet and patient. We obviously had lots to discuss and sat at the table much longer than other patrons, but she continually maintained her sweet composure and offered us nothing by superb service. The food was good, I ordered the duck and grits. Nothing to run crazy about, but good enough for the occasion. That bread pudding though!!! That was GOOD!!!! I will certainly visit Jack Rose again especially if I'm ever in need for ambiance, fancy cocktails, and dessert.Great experience and atmosphere! Brussels were great, parmesan chicken was also great! Would definitely return here.The esthetic of this bar/restaurant is unreal. There are so many cool art pieces on all of the walls. Definitely recommend making a reservation. Not only was the esthetic awesome, the food was delicious. Probably some of the best pasta I've ever had (I recommend the black pasta). There was so much good flavor and it was perfectly cooked. The servers were very nice and accommodating as well. I'm already looking forward to going again!!This restaurant..... ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFULLLLLL.
The food was great!! Everything. Which was such a pleasant surprise. I mean you'd think the food would be good but ultimately meh because it's so beautiful but my goodness everything tasted incredible! Must go to!Jack Rose has a beautiful atmosphere with ornate and stylish decor. The food was great and was more than enough, the Frose and Mimosa were also delicious with a fair amount of alcohol in them. Would recommend.Definitely make reservations, it fills up very quickly. You have 2.5 hours for the reservation and parties of 6 or more are automatically charged gratuity. They also only split checks in equal payments so may be easier to just pay in one and venmo each other.
Atmosphere/service: located inside of a hotel, it's a very unique and classy place. Their décor is eclectic, with a waiting room wall covered in framed paintings, nice velvet sofa/furniture and their main dining area with pink walls, curtains, and massive chandeliers. It's a picturesque place, great for a date night or a girls night! The service was amazing, our waitress was very sweet and attentive. When my friend didn't particularly like her cocktail the waitress didn't charge her for it (and we didn't even ask her to!). It was barely drunk.
Food/price: a little pricey for sure but you're also paying for the experience/ambience I'm sure.
-          Calamari ($12): great appetizer. Comes with fried calamari which wasn't dried out, fried shishito peppers, and fried cipolli onions with black garlic aioli. The batter was light and crispy. The black garlic aioli wasn't as good as I expected, it was a bit too fatty for me and I actually didn't taste garlic. Honestly even without the aioli, the calamari was great
-          Crawfish cracked potatoes ($14): 10/10 would recommend. Great portions, the potatoes were crispy but soft on the inside. There was a good amount of actual crawfish and the cayenne cheddar was amazing. It literally could have been put on anything and it would have tasted good. Creamy, cheesy, with lots of great flavor!
-          Squid ink fettucine ($35): the squid ink is in the fettucine which is why the noodles are black. Its covered in vermouth cream sauce which was a nice balanced flavor and topped with 4 seared scallops that were juicy and plump.
-          Fried chicken parmesan ($25): they definitely give you a lot of chicken, basically the whole chicken. There's a leg, thigh, breast, and a wing that is fried well well. Even the white meat breast was juicy. It comes topped with parmesan reggiano which was nice and a small side of pasta. Very goodChecked this place out for cocktails and the ambiance here was great and had a great speciality cocktail menu.  The service here was GREAT - Very friendly!My new favorite restaurant!!! After hearing great things about this restaurant, I decided to try it for myself. I went with my family and we all fell in love. The service was outstanding- polite, friendly, and enthusiastic about being there. The atmosphere of the restaurant is old-time French Quarter classy and quirky with a modern twist and beautiful decor. Loved it! The food was fantastic, as well. Everyone at the table ordered different things and I seemed to like every meal better than the last. Beautiful presentation of the meals, too! This has become one of my favorite restaurants in the French Quarter. I recommend it to everyone and anyone! Family friendly, couple friendly, business friendly!really wanted to give this place more than one star, but the waiter made me hate this place. He was so rude. My friends and I decided to have our Christmas dinner here & from the beginning the waiter had an attitude. I'll be the first to say & understand that dealing with a big table can be frustrating, but you don't have to show it on your face.  For starters, when our table was ordering he was getting mad about WHAT we were ordering..wether some people wanted appetizers as entrees etc. then, one of the girls at the table was not ready to order, the waiter then proceeded to say "well you need to tell me what you want, cause the kitchen closes at 10:00 and I can't wait." Then, one of the other girls ordered potatoes & she never got them. When she asked where her potatoes were he said "I'm gonna go see, idk if they made them & the kitchens closed so..." 
then the waiter was upset about how the bills were split & proceeded to tell us how annoyed he basically was about it. One of my friends got up to take a picture as he was reaching over for her bill & he told her "you're gonna have to wait before you get up". Okay. Rude. 
This is the best part..(& worst part) After dinner, we then proceeded to ask him if he could take a group photo of us. He then told us "he would take one picture & that's it". We thought he was joking..but actually he took one single photo & said "I wasn't lying..I'm off now." & proceeded to walk out of the room with a peace sign up in the air. 
Safe to say, I won't be recommending this place to anyone. Not to mention I got the calamari & it seemed like they poured every spice that was left over for the night on top of it..entirely too salty to even eat.