Service: five stars
Food: two stars 
Ambiance: one star
First of all it was way too loud to enjoy anything. Advil should be served as the amuse bouche. It was just sound bouncing off walls. So loud. My ears are still ringing. 
The food was ok. Way too salty. I sent my shrimp étouffée back because it was inedible. The cheesecake with alligator or crocodile or whatever reptile they found in the swamp was simply divine. As was the fried green tomatoes. But the bouliabase my friend had was also salty and inedible. He managed to stomach it, whereas I would have sent it back. The red beans and rice side was great, as was the corn. 
I was told this was the 'go to' place in New Orleans. I was disappointed if this is the best this city has to offer for authentic Cajun cuisine. 
Pro-tip!..... If you're lucky, there is a server with the leggings of cartoon 'boom' and 'pow' all over them. I'm not an ass guy, but I think she just converted me.It's obvious everyone loves this place and what's not to love about reasonably priced, authentic and bomb-ass Southern food? This is by far my favorite place to take visitors. There's no denying that the 2-hour wait to be seated on any given night is a pain, but it's soooo worth it - why else would people stand around sipping watermelon mojitos? Come check it out and let the food speak for itself.An incredible and unique experience. The Stuffed Catfish was amazing, had a stuffing so unique that I could honestly tell you to take a trip to New Orleans specifically for that. However, they have awesome Fried Grits as well. The service is friendly, but it can get packed very quickly. Get your name on the list early if you're even thinking of going that night.One of my favorite places in NOLA!  This place used to be a hidden secret yet now the whole world knows about it.  Yet, once you eat there you will understand why.  Have to try the alligator cheesecake, godzilla and stuffed soft shell crab!  They will even give you the recipe for the alligator cheesecake and we have made it three times and it was just a good as theirs since we live 16 hours away now.  PS... If you get there early you don't have to wait as long.  Also if you tip good, they will give you free dessert!This place is great. It has everything New Orleans has to offer: great friendly service, a local NOLA character, a famous bar just down the street, fresh local ingredients.  What more could you ask for?
All of the menu items integrate local favorites, such as oyster, gator, redfish, you name it. The wait staff is amazing, they are super friendly, and may even give you some freebies if you're lucky. 
DONT COME HERE IF YOU ARE ON A DIET. this is not for 1000 calories a day people. This is rich, butter heavy, deliciously amazing food. I'm sure you could find something that is not so rich, but whats the point?In a city filled of outstanding restaurants, Jacques-Imo's is among the very best. A must-visit.New Orleans native here.  This used to be my favorite restaurant in New Orleans years ago. Not sure what happened.  I went with out of town guests.  The food was typical food that you could find at any dive bar. Nothing special. It was actually quite bland.   It should have tipped me off that the entire place was filled with tourists and not locals.  Thats the big red flag that a place is not good.If there was a way to give more then five stars, I would. This is one of the best meals I have ever had in my life. Cool place, great staff, great bartenders. We started with the alligator, sausage cheesecake which was one of the most delicious things ever. Wow wow wow. I had a killer steak, with blue cheese, oysters and onions on it...mmmm. Great desserts as well. Get there early, wait on the line, whatever it takes. Awesome place. Cant wait to go back.I would've given this place 5+ stars years ago. Something's change since then. I'm no longer wowed. I guess they know they no longer have to put out the same high quality; people will still come. The atmosphere also seems a lot more tame in recent years. I loved the crazy circus! & I'm craving that cornbread this very second.Absolutely awesome. First time visiting NOLA and this was definitely a highlight of the trip. From the fried green tomatoes to the Crawfish Etoufee there is nothing that is isn't awesome.The food and Waitstaff here are top notch, all the hype is deserved, but always tend to forgo the huge wait.  It's not impressive enough to wait for an hour or more to get slightly better versions of food you can get at Dunbar's or most corner delis.I came celebrate my birthday here.  We did call ahead of time to make reservations for our party which was quick and with a pleasant person. The watermelon mojitos were so refreshing.  Being almost 80 degrees in December, it is a nice to have a taste of summer.  As everyone recommended, we did order the alligator cheesecake.  It was good but not to die for.  Having a party of 8, we were able to taste a good portion of the menu.  I had the steak which was cooked to my liking.  I thought there was going to be chunks of bleu cheese on top the steak, but the cheese was melted and the steak looked as though it was swimming in a pile of white and orange sauce. A bit to watery and not a very pretty sight.  The lamb and the pork chop dish was very good. The salmon/mushroom dish was cooked very well.  The best part is probably the cornbread/muffins.  Those were amazing. The service was great.  They sang happy birthday and gave me a slice of bread pudding to top of my birthday celebration.  The creme burlee was decent.Well..my first trip to New Orleans at 44 years old. Restaurant was snug but it added to the ambiance. Had the stuffed shrimp as an appetizer and it was okay at best. More like a butterflied fried shrimp sitting on a dalop of some odd concoction. The sauce served with the shrimp was excellent though:) also had a slice of the andouille sausage and shrimp cheesecake. It fell apart easily and the flavors didn't coordinate well. Sausage was aplenty two small shrimp in the slice.
For dinner my high school age daughter had a the soft shell crab special. Giant soft shell crab skewered sitting on top of crab mixture with stuffing mix and fried green tomatoes. Little pricey for the portion 1x$28.95. I chose the carpet bagger special at $33.95. Small 6-7 oz filet stuffed with two small poached oysters topped with(suppose to be cartelized onions, not even close to carmelized) onion and bleu cheese. Most expensive item on the menu and least favorite of all the items. Avoid this item. Heard the same comments from another table as well. Glad we agreed, wasn't just me tonight. Way salty and the bleu cheese way overpowering. Onions really lost it for me. Good carmelized onions would have been great!
Finally, I almost forgot the cornbread topped with garlic butter at the beginning of the meal. Heck, skip the rest of the food. The cornbread was the hero of the evening!This place a bit out of the way but a fun trolley ride and walk. Crowded like crazy and kind of small and therefore a bit loud. The food is very good and I think worth the wait.I've only been once and was disappointed.  I ordered the Blackened Red Fish which comes with two sides (I chose Smothered Cabbage and Corn Macque Chow).  At $27.95 I expected something special... I was wrong.  The food was uninspiring and lacked personality.  The "blackened" red fish wasn't spicy or flavorful.  The cabbage and corn were served together on a small platter and the corn was watery. The cabbage was fairly solid but I'm pretty sure it wasn't supposed to be the star of the entree and certainly was not worth $27.95. I would be surprised if someone told me the cutlery was not from The Dollar Store It looked and felt cheap and was slightly better than eating with carved wood. Skip this place, much better dining in NOLA.By far one of the best meals I had while in New Orleans. 
I have heard about this place from several friends, and they were not wrong. There was a wait that we endured, and no wait is too long to take in this food. It's. So. GOOD!!!
We started with the famous alligator cheesecake as an appetizer. Dear lord, get it. It's a weird sounding dish on the menu, but it is so full of flavor. My friends got their own dishes, but I had to have the rabbit dish. It was more than I could eat, but it was amazing. I got it as my first meal in the city on this trip, and it started my trip off just right. Our server was fun, and made the experience so much better.
You have to eat here while you are in town. Whether for a day, a year, or moving to NOLA. You can't let this place pass you by.I want to say this restaurant is one of the best in New Orleans. All of their entrees are top notch, and they give u two sides with your entree. So if you are not really prepared to eat your face out....this place is not for you. Had the crawfish etouffee and rabbit. Unfortunately had no room left in my belly to try the cheesecake. This restaurant really has a good vibe. You feel the Southern hospitality, and the waiters seem laid-back. Please be patient with the long lines. It is really worth it!This place is great. It has so much charm of its own and the staff is amazing. We got there around 5:30pm and got a table right away. When they seat you they actually walk you through the lox then which was cool. Our waitress (I can remember her name) was amazing. She gave us the run down on all the specials and drinks. We both chose what they had on special with was a blackened red snapper and soft shell crab. Both were so so amazing. The service was amazing!! We never went without water or anything. The dinning area is a little cramped so if you're not prepared to rub elbows maybe this isn't the place for you but honestly it was so good it worth it.I'm going to give them a 5 star.  Could be a 4 or 4.5 but they get the 5 because they try hard to please you and have great food.  4.5 because they were closed Monday or Sunday.  They bring you hot food which is rare these days in a restaurant and they bring it in a timely manner.  Pretty good atmosphere.  Not over expensive, but like I say, they work for it.  I had more than one waiter and waitress making sure I had a good experience.  Good job.  And I don't know them.  I live in CA, but this will be on my list if I go back to NO.The two of us went here for dinner and this place caters to larger parties and seats small parties like two as they come. We were seated in the back up against the upper level so when people walked by their feet were about level with your plate and when they sat down their ass was in your face.  Great logistics huh. LoL. The food was actually pretty good and the service was attentive for as busy as they were on a Thursday night. So, if you don't mind screaming at each other over dinner and having someone walk by your food and their ass in your face go here. Just avoid the table for two next to the upper level.I was in the New Orleans area on business, and my wife, who is a serious foodie, had scoped out the places to try.  She recommended Jacques-Imo's Cafe, so I went there tonight.
The wait for a table was over an hour, so I sat at the bar.   I had a couple of Abita Ambers and made a meal from their appetizers of fried grits and smoked boudin.  Excellent - especially the boudin. 
Sitting at the end of the bar put me in the middle of the action, meeting people getting drinks at the bar, waiting for their tables, the restroom, or whatever.  I met some folks from Kalamazoo, Michigan, and when I mentioned that I was from Colorado, the couple next to me said that they were also from the Denver area.  So maybe it  is not a place where the locals hang out.  
Anyway, I had a great time.  Oh, and there was the woman who asked if I wanted to get married, but I think she might have been kidding...My third and last experience here ends this Year. The first was great - I had the veal and absolutely loved it. Although the free salad and the side of rice and beans lack on flavor, I still loved my meal. The second time I had the same thing but it just didn't taste as great. Finally, the third (and last) time I ate here, I waited almost 3 hours for a table. When we finally sat down, we were served stale corn bread. I decided to venture out to the fried chicken but it was the flour wasn't seasoned well (or at all?). My two guests did not enjoy their meals. I give this place a two because of the decor and atmosphere but they really need to figure out the wait situation.The best cornbread ever! This place is small, long wait, and loud. Just what I wanted in New Orleans! It has generous servings and tasty food. Should be added to toursits and locals list alikeBest service in NOLA, delicious food and great value. The cornbread biscuits they give you in the beginning are divine. Entrees are huge and can be shared. Excellent service. We arrived early and our large group of 7 didn't have to wait. Try that alligator cheesecake. It's like a quiche.AMAZING Alligator Cheese Cake!
Alligator Cheese Cake! This is a "once-in-a-life-time" dish. Amazing! Savory  cheesecake like no other I have ever tasted. It bewilders me how there are so many "Louisiana Style" restaurants in Los Angeles, but that none even come close to food like this!
If you are visiting New Orleans..YOU MUST EAT HERE! If you live in New Orleans, You are soooooo Lucky!The service was excellent and we were a big group and there was another big group next to us. All of the apps were great. Try the alligator cheesecake, fried grits and Shrimp app - they are worth the trip. The lamb chops were cooked perfectly and the sauce and great addition. The smothered chicken was wonderful as was the étouffée. The only bad dish was the quail as one half was raw. Not pink but raw. The cooked one had a good flavor and was well done. Probably just an abnormality due to he size of the groups ordering at the same time. The coconut bread pudding was the best bread pudding of our trip - just having that made the trip worthwhile.Food ...Plate...Table...Repeat
Dinner at Jacques-Imo's is a trip.  The street in front of the restaurant is bustling with people coming, waiting, and going.  There's even a  table for two out front sitting on the bed of an old pick up truck!  On a warm day this is a great place to eat and people watch.  Without a reservation be prepared for a wait.  Order a drink at the bar or pop over to the bar next door for a brew or two or three while you wait for your name to be called.  It's a little like waiting for your Lotto number to come up.  Every so often you'll hear the hostess make her rounds up and down the street, and even into the bar next door summoning the next set of dining contestants.
"COME ON DOWN!"
I ordered the stuffed pork chop.  It's a baby football sized piece of meat filled with more meat. .  People walking by (we were seated outside) saw my plate, gasped, stopped, stared and asked what it was.  The pork chop was stuffed with a mixture of seasoned ground beef and shrimp.  I hacked away at it but it never seemed to get any smaller.  It was good but definitely meant to be shared.  I was only one of two beef/pork eaters at the table so I was on my own for most of it.
We decided to share a slice of the famous alligator cheesecake.  It was creamy, and savory.  The flavor was definitely memorable.  I recommend trying it at least once.  I wonder if they serve it at the bar?  I wouldn't mind popping in for a slice and a drink.  The slice wasn't too big.   A snack with the perfect mix of NOLA flair from top to bottom.
The food stands alone.  No drizzles, reductions, or sprinkles.  Everything I tasted was solid.  We did burn a lot of our Saturday night drinking time waiting for a table (over two hours).  The food doesn't come out super fast and people tend to take their time eating.  We left full and struggling with massive food coma.  This place is definitely worth it if you have time to sit, eat and digest.  Red Bull anyone?Your classic Cajun/creole restaurant that is popular with both tourist and locals alike. Let's start with the staff, the wonderful staff! So attentive and personable, they're just great all around. It gets quite busy but the wait isn't terrible. 
Grab the alligator cheesecake for an appetizer and treat yourself to some of Lousiana's classics. Be prepared to be full and happy. The portions are quite large so sharing is a must. I had the seafood entree with perch and shrimp that was good. A very causal restaurant with great food and great people all around.Wasn't in love with the place... so I didn't feel I could really give it anymore than 3 stars... 
- No wait b/c we got there right when they opened up for dinner
- Service was great - our server was super duper helpful and pointed out several "must try" meals since it was our first visit... our water glass never went empty and we were checked on often
- The bathroom is tiny and awkwardly placed
Now... onto the food... the bf and I ordered:
- Alligator cheesecake - interesting... not a fan though
- Fried green tomatoes - those were on the better side.. maybe my favorite thing for the entire meal
- Stuffed catfish - hmmm. I want to love you, but you were just alright
- Blackened redfish - again, just alright
Now for the sides.... the bf and I ordered different things so that we could sample it all:
- Butter beans and rice VERSUS red beans and rice: go for the red beans
- Country greens VERSUS some cabbage thing: go for the country greens
Again.. just a-okay.. I saw the line outside and thought, "I wouldn't wait for this place..." Someone said he waited about 1.5 hours. If you wanna try it out - come when it opens... we arrived at 530 and got seated immediately.This place is amazing!  We stopped for lunch in the French Quarter and our server highly recommended it, so we made it happen that same night.  Before you go, know that the wait will be long, so be prepared.  You can grab drinks from the Maple Leaf bar next door while you wait.  
Since we were a big group ordered a combination of appetizers and entrees so we could try a little bit of everything.  You have to try the alligator cheesecake.  It's more like a quiche and it's ridiculous.  There was nothing left on our plates after dinner.
The only drawback - and this is more our fault - is that they had run out of a few things we wanted to try including dessert, but that'll learn us for arriving so late.
I know there are many amazing restaurants in New Orleans, but if you are there for a visit, make sure you put this at the top of your list.This was our favorite restaurant while we were in NOLA. Very casual and they serve quality food. Best étouffée we had while visiting. We would definitely return. The servers were very attentive and gave us great recommendations.Jaques-Imo's was a highlight of NOLA.
I would imagine many visitors like myself dont get outside the quarter. After looking this up and taking the St Charles streetcar to Oak Street (a great ride), we didnt know what to expect. 
Took 2 seats at the bar and are glad we did. I would recommend bar seats to visitors that want to engage with the friendly southerners around them. We were brought out a Shrimp and Alligator Cheesecake on the house, which is a must have, it was very tasty.
I ordered the blackened redfish and beans and greens for my sides. Everything was perfect and I would highly recommend anyone to come here.I went by myself during a work trip! The food tasted AMAZING and the atmosphere was really cool! The only reason that I didn't give this 5 stars was because the serving sizes were pretty small considering the prices! Would go back though!Gourmet food in a casual atmosphere. Hands down the best meal we had in New Orleans.This place has a classic eclectic NO Look and is pretty casual. The best thing here are their cocktails. Do yourself a favor and get whatever special they have going for their cocktails. My friend got the Watermelon Mojito and it had chunks of watermelon in it, it was flavored with the juice of the watermelon! No artificial syrup flavors. It was amazingly refreshing! Now the food, for starters they give you 2 prices of this amazing Garlic Cornbread. I think that was my favorite thing here, the raw garlic they use is everything, it balances the sweet cornbread taste. My friend got the smothered chicken and I got the fried chicken. Both were humungous portions (share, you won't regret it if you have a smaller appetite). Her dish had a classic Cajun sauce and was pretty good. My chicken itself was cooked to perfection, buuuuut everything was incredibly salty, especially the fried chicken. Which is too bad since otherwise this could have been an amazing meal. I was immediately bloated and could feel my ankles swell (I don't react well to too much salt). Also the service was very slow and weird, our server was a cool guy and nice, but he's just one of those people that start conversations mid sentence and you don't even know he's your server until the awkward silence. In my opinion, this place is cute but pretty average.What a treat.  This is N'awlins at it's best.  Great service.  Great Food.  Fun Atmosphere.  Simply fantastic.  If they have the soft shell crab over fried green tomatoes special do not hesitate,   Just order and eat.  Wow.I think my favorite restaurant in New Orleans is Jacque-Imo's. Located in the Carrollton District, north west of the Garden District, this casual joint is just damn good N'Awlins eatin' and an absolute must visit if you've never been here. 
Be sure to get reservations, otherwise you could be waiting nearly two hours. You can't order wrong here, you just can't. But you absolutely must partake in the shrimp and alligator sausage cheesecake. This savory appetizer is so good, the first bite I ever had made time slow down to a crawl. It's seriously one of the best things I ever ate. 
How do you make a roast beef po'boy even better? You fry it, and that is my second favorite app on the menu.
For the full review, visit: http://dashofles.com/blog/new-orleans-birthday-weekend/Went to Jacques-Imos yesterday for dinner and we ordered the blackened redfish and the mahi mahi. I was a little disappointed in the blackened redfish because I was expecting the fish to be pan blackened and have a little bit more spice to it. The spinach salad with a fried oyster was good and we both liked the dressing. Ordered the mashed potatoes and corn for the two sides that come with the meal. The sides did not impress me and they come together on a separate small plate. They need to work on the presentation of the sides. 
The mahi mahi was good and flavorful. It has more of a "fiishy" taste to it than redfish. With each entree you get a spinach salad and two sides so that helps raise the value level for the $27 price tag for the entree.
The service was great and we took advantage of the table ready text message. The place is crazy crowded and compacted. We arrived at about 7:30, put our name on the list and went for a drink down the street. The restaurants and bars on Oak Street are a must see for anyone new to Nola. We received the text and walked right in to our table.
Do not come here expecting a romantic quiet dinner. The place can be very loud which makes it difficult to hear and the tables are pretty close to each other so I often heard the conversations behind me better than I did my daughter's sweet voice. They play music in the background which you can not really hear or appreciate when it's crowded so I would suggest just turning it off.  
Overall, the service and location are great. Probably won't go back until I have tried a few other places first.First off have to say the service in the bar area was top notch. My bartender took care of me she was right there all the time with water or another drink or new fork. But the food was just ok to me I liked it but it was not amazing like so many others have said about Jacques-Imo's. The ambiance of the resturant is worth going to it and the service but food was not that memorable I had the alligator cheese cake app which to me was more like quiche it was not at all creamy like a cheese cake and flavor wise did not taste really unique it was just ehh. The blackened fish was good but not really that good. Over all I was bummed. Maybe it was all the hype of the alligator cheesecake. Great place to good for a drink or app but would not go back for a full dinner.Blackened redfish mightve been the best thing I've ever eaten. Waited 90 minutes on a Thursday night and I still give it 5 stars.Was told by a trusted friend this is a great place to dine, and although the food wasn't "bad" it was incredibly expensive for what you got. If you need a snack before you dance at the Maple Leaf, maybe grab a couple of appetizers (the shrimp and alligator cheesecake was wicked good) but avoid the actual dinners. The "recommended" redfish was just a sad piece of fish on a plate with another plate with sad redbeans and rice next to sad country greens. For $27. 
For $27 you can get a meal at Commander's Palace. 
The service was nice but way too busy, the ambiance was loud, and the food was "meh" - why would you eat "meh" in NOLA?Came here for dinner with friends before a show at the neighboring Maple Leaf bar. Food was amazing. I had the venison with mushroom gravy. Can't say enough about the great food and service!Are you going to eat your corn bread. Sooooo yummy!! You need to eat here fo sho!! Eat sleep eat again why not!Wow... I have lived in New Orleans my entire life and have never made it here. Such a shame it took coming back on a visit to finally gain the experience of going. But I made it! And, here's what I thought.
The wait was a little insane, but my friend lived right next door (literally), so we chilled by her house the hour and a half it took for them to call us and let us know it was our time to dine. 
We started with the shrimp and alligator sausage cheesecake and the fried calamari with spicy brown garlic sauce. My hopes were a little too high for the cheesecake but the calamari was to die for! Cooked perfectly and complimented well by a great sauce. The sauce was the best part actually! We wouldn't give up the plate until we scraped and sopped it all up!
For my entree, I had the Blackened Redfish with the crab-chili hollandaise. All I can say is WOW! The redfish was cooked to perfection! So light and flaky, just as redfish should be. It was blackened just right and the sauce simply set it off!! I had cabbage and red beans and rice as my two sides. It was real cabbage, too, which I loved. (Real cabbage has meat!) Not to spicy but rather excellently spiced.
And, for dessert, we had to end a great meal with a this local's fav- creme brulee. Caramelized to perfection. It came with four little chocolate squares with whipped creme and strawberry topping. Four little sweet yummy surprises.
The atmosphere was so casual. I loved that the waitstaff had on Saints gear! When you walk in you can see the chefs and the entire kitchen in action. I like the fact that I could walk up at any time and check out the cooking process.
If you're a local and haven't been here, you're doing yourself wrong. If you're visiting and want food like us locals grew up on, you must go, and make it a point to skip over to the Maple Leaf when you're done for a drink. A real New Orleans experience done right!I was taken here by a local, and it did not disappoint. My biggest regret is not ordering the Godzilla, a gigantic fried crab on top of a fried green tomato on top of an eggplant. I had the redfish, which was good, but I snuck some bites of the Godzilla and that was amazing. The sides were just average. The butter beans were fine, but nothing special.
Overall, Jacques-Imo's was probably one of the most memorable meals I had in New Orleans. The alligator cheesecake and cornbread were out of this world. It was pricey, but worth it! The atmosphere is also really casual and group-friendly.I've visited Jacques-Imo's once a few years back. The food was pretty good but it took forever to get to us. Not a hanging offense, but inconvenient nonetheless. I really don't remember much about what kind of service we received. I'm guessing it must have been okay, since it doesn't really stick out. Overall I'd say it was all right.Ate there 2 weeks ago only 2nd time had a blast best food ever as long your in the main dining room. The other building not as fun. Great staff n food!We went there based on recommendations from many friends, and it still ended up being better than expected! It was a great experience from start to finish. The place was busy, even on a Monday night. We were told it would be a 45-minute wait, and we were okay with that because we were going to have a drink next door at the Maple Leaf. However, two of the bar seats freed up at that moment, and I reluctantly sat down for dinner (I usually don't like to eat at the bar). The bartender was very friendly and attentive. He was very knowledgable about the food and gave us his honest opinion when we asked him questions about the menu. We decided to start with the shrimp and alligator sausage cheesecake and fried green tomatoes topped with shrimp remoulade. I'm not sure what exactly was in that crustacean-reptile dessert goodness, but it melted in our mouths. Yum. And the other app was very tasty, not to mention both were great portion sizes. They also give you cornbread muffins that are phenomenal. We knew at this point we didn't need two entrees, so instead we decided to go with one more starter and share one more entree. Enter: the deep-fried roast beef po-boy. We thought since it was on the "appetizer" menu that it would be half the normal size, but this thing was a monster, and we've never had another po'boy like it. The bread is battered, which amounts to golden goodness. We could only have a couple bites before we had to put it down to make sure there was still room for the big dish. Here comes the crab-stuffed fish and two sides. The mashed sweet potatoes and the mashed garlic potatoes were delicious, and the entree was very tasty. The food is priced well and it's prepared to please. It was a great atmosphere and we felt were made to feel at home the entire time. We went home with leftovers and full bellies  and a plan to return, and soon.Outstanding food, friendly service and the assurance that the kitchen is clean, because you have to walk through the kitchen to reach the ding area. Blackened redfish is excellent.Came for the Godzilla soft shell crab which was out of season dang it!   Complimentary cornbread muffins were so tasty!  Had some gumbo, and mussels the mussels were on top of mashed potatoes and boy it was good!   Had some garlic snails that were soft, delicate and very good.  We had a great time here.This is a must go place when in New Orleans.  The cornbread is absolutely amazing.  Garlicky and sweet and buttery.  Delicious.  BBQ shrimp is good.  Make sure to order the Alligator Cheesecake.  Great vibe, great service, great food!We came here for dinner last night and it was absolutely AMAZEBALLS!  We ordered the Fried Green Tomatoes and Alligator cheesecake to start.  Both must orders!  For entrées we ordered Fried chicken and crawfish etouffeé, both off the charts!  Great food, service and ambiance.  Perfect place for anyone that wants a true taste of NOLA cuisine.  We'll be back sooner than laterWe had the worst service of our life there, our waiter was wasted.  It took forever to get our drinks, our food, etc.  It was insanity.
So why does it get five stars?  Once we managed to flag down another waiter, the entire staff pulled together to give us the best night ever and to make up for the hellishly long wait and misplaced orders.  Two thumbs up for that!!  
The food was also pretty darn good and it was my first time trying alligator!  Yum!The bartender, Kiss, makes an excellent watermelon mojito!  The service was prompt and friendly, the employees worked together to take excellent care of all of the guests.  We started out with the alligator cheesecake; it was amazing!  Just try it, you won't be disappointed.  Everything was delicious, especially the pecan crusted drum.  It was so flavorful and cooked to perfection! The owner made us feel welcome and as though we were part of their family.  Our experience was unique and will be one of the best memories from our vacation! Jacques Imo's is a must on a visit to New Orleans!all the food here is extra salty.  i tried the alligator cheesecake and the panned rabbit.  to be honest, it makes no difference what you order because it'll all taste like salt.Good lord, I will never look at cornbread in the same way. Go here, indulge, and savor every bite. This is a true taste of New Orleans.This place is much larger than it looks from the outside. You need to walk through the small opening bar area and you open up to a much larger dining area...as in like, probably seats a hundred (from my hazy memory).  Despite being so large, it still was a bit cramped, but I didn't mind as it fit with the atmosphere of the place.  The drinks were great, servers were okay, and the food was delicious if not a bit overpriced. 
Caution to people with SHELLFISH ALLERGIES like myself, just about everything comes with some form of shellfish.  My options were quite limited. Make sure that everyone in your party can eat shellfish before asking them to come along--that could be an embarrassing first date.
That being said, GO!  Eat! Tip well!This has got to be one of the most successful spots in the history of restaurants because it is always packed. It has a charming bar as you walk in with a few seats then you walk past an open and cramped kitchen where all the magic is happening to the main dining area. Often Jacques himself is upfront around the bar to greet you and maybe buy you a shot if you seem interesting. This place opened in 1996 and has been a hit for locals and tourists ever since. It's often tough to get in although they do take some reservations. It has an eclectic menu of New Orleans, creole and french food that any foodie would enjoy. It's also located way uptown in the Carrollton area near the river bend by Tulane University on Oak Street. After dinner maybe go see some music at the Maple Leaf!Make sure you carve out most of the night for this place. definitely a fun time with great food, and they make you wait for it. Reservations I think are only allowed for parties of 6+.
The alligator cheesecake i'd heard so much about lived up to its billing, which is saying something since it came at the end of a 90 min wait (45 min to get in, 45 more for the food, actually a pretty short wait compared to the dude I talked with while waiting for the bathroom). Still though, good food, friendly service, definitely heading back at some point!Everything you want from a dining experience in NOLA. Staff was very friendly. We met bartender, Chris on a flight, gave us the rec. Thank god, the food on the rest of the trip was brown jelly curd, called etouffe. We loved this place- you will wait but it's so worth it. We had Shrimp remoulade over fried green tomatoes, small salad garnish had potato chips on it= genius. I had redfish, he had mahi-mahi. Garlic butter corn bread. You see everything going on in the kitchen, they take you through on the way to the table. great bar. Saw a bunch of alligator cheese cake being served. I wish we could have eaten 90% of our meals here during the trip. Nothing compares. Thanks again Chris.I try to stop here whenever I come home to visit. I love the Shrimp and Alligator cheesecake appetizer. The Eggplant Pirogue is great, the duck was amazing, and they give you a spinach salad with a fried oyster whenever you order an entree. A bit pricey, but I always have leftovers and am totally satisfied. Don't even try to get there late, you will wait a while, but you can always have a drink at the bar or next door at the Maple Leaf.This review is for the Duck Po Boy served at FQF. It was very good, but small and pricey. Will have to go to the restaurant sometimeGet there ready to wait at least 45 minutes to be seated, but let me tell you this, it's worth every minute. Have their Watermelon Mojito while you wait. All I can say about the food is...
Memorable, Yummy and MOYUMMY!Jacque-Imo's is definitely a good time! Although my service was not that wonderful, the food made up for that.
We started off with watermelon mojito's, which were so refreshing. It was like a splash of heaven. 
Alligator cheesecake? Eh, not my cup of tea. It was good, but I'm not sure I'd get it again.
Looking at the menu, I really just wanted to get a little bit of everything! But I ended up choosing the quail. It comes with 2 quail wrapped in bacon and stuffed. It was really good, but I could only finish one.
Oh, how could I forget about their cornbread? I could probably eat it all day!
I am definitely coming back to try their other dishes!Alligator cheesecake so good we're salivating over it 2 yrs later!  Was in New Orleans for a conference and was dragged here by a local. Dinner was excellent, without a doubt, but it's the alligator cheesecake we still talk about any time a trip to NOLA comes up. Soooo bummed the last time I was there Sunday night was my only free evening & Jacques-Imo's was closed.Wonderful staff! Food was awesome! Nothing for kids tho if you have a picky eater..mine would only eat the cornbread, which comes first and is delicious! We had dried green tomatoes, soft shell crab, shrimp étouffée and all of it was delicious! The bar area was hoppin!Now if you are looking for some authentic food in NOLA, please go here.  What an experience.  This is a small restaurant but all of the decorations tell some type of story.  Every room you walk in is different.  What is funny is that you walk right through the kitchen to get to the back of the restaurant, which I liked because they aren't afraid to let people see how it is all done.
We got there right when it opened, and they took us right in.  Because it wasn't crowded we were able to talk to alot of the staff.  We explained that we were from out of town and have never been here before.  Just because of that, they gave us a alligator and shrimp sausage cheese cake on the house.  That was my first time ever having alligator, which is funny because I was holding a live one in my hands earlier that day.  
For dinner, I bought the stuffed quail.  Normally I don't go out of my comfort zone but I felt comfortable in this environment.  The presentation was nice, and there was bacon and mushrooms all over it too.  Totally amazing for my first time eating quail.
This location is about 20 minutes outside of the main part of NOLA, but it's worth the distance.  The atmosphere and the food.Here's the difference:  My husband loved it, and I did not like it at all.  I have not eaten much seafood in my lifetime, and never ate any growing up.  Everyone's taste's are different, so I have to say that even though I like Jambalaya, I did not like it here.  The Alligator Cheesecake, which is famous here, was gross to me.  Again, my husband loved it.  Its not a dessert, but more of a quiche.  And typically i love quiche, and he hates it.  I tolerated the fried green tomatoes.  The one thing I did love was the cornbread.  Amazing.  
We were also seated next to 3 very obnoxious people.  I understand why people love this place, atmosphere-wise...except when you're seated in such close proximity as we were.  Lets just say their beer was on our close by the time our entree's were served.Best meal I had in New Orleans. The two hour wait was completely worth it and then some. Plus, it gave me time to check out the neighborhood. Its seemingly off the beaten path but that just makes it even more worth while.  This place is totally worth the trip. The alligator cheesecake, quite exotic for me, is excellent. Personally I would come back here just for their crawfish étouffée.  Hands down the best  I have ever had. Jacques-imo is  worth the extra effort if your looking for authentic delicious cajun food.Love this place. A little crowded but well worth it! Been here a couple of times and always enjoy the food. We did have a reservation so we got right in but the alligator cheese cake wasn't available anymore because the station was already shut down by the time we got to dessert but we still all shared some other desserts and enjoyed both options. If I had it to do over I would have tried to get our reservation a little earlier.This is one of my favorites in NOLA. Not only is the food great, but it has a distinctively New Orleans atmosphere while at the same time being totally unique. I suppose you could say the same about the food -- distinctively New Orleans, but also something you would only find here. Really awesome.  I like to take out-of-town visitors who might be familiar with French Quarter eats here to give them a taste of something fabulous that they won't find anywhere else. 
Other nice things about it:
- Prices are pretty reasonably for the quality (some entrees are under $20, though not many)
- Along the same lines, entrees include two sides from a great selection. These are excellent. (Corn macquechoax (sp?) is one of my favorites). So you're getting a lot of food for your entree price
- Appetizers are great, especially the alligator cheesecake
If you don't want to wait, arrive early. There is a big wait most nights unless you'er there before, say, 6:30, though obviously the timing and amount of wait depends on what night it is.My best friend highly recommended that we try this restaurant because he said it was the highlight of his eating experience in N.O.  With all the high reviews, it seemed like it was a "can't miss" restaurant.  Somehow, the arrow flew pass the target.
There are so many reasons to like this place, the eclectic and artsy decor, the divey atmosphere and the attentive staff.  However, it's always about the food and the food disappointed.  
For starters, the very popular alligator cheese cake was shockingly underwhelming because it was dry and impossible to taste anything but the fillers.  I could hardly tell there was supposed to be alligator or shrimp in the cheesecake.  I dunno. Maybe the tourists want to tell their friends they ate alligator without having to taste the alligator.  I am at a lost as to why this dish is famous.  
The duck and sausage gumbo was good but did not stand out as a great dish. I could think of several Houston restaurants that serves better gumbo, like Reef's, Goode Company Seafood and many others.  That's the problem with this restaurant. Almost all the dishes I ate reminded me of a place where I had it better.  My wife ordered the foie gras stuffed quail.  The quail were big and plump but you could tell it was recently frozen and was too watery.  The quail needed to be cooked longer, maybe on the grill, to add more smokiness and to cook out all the excess water.  Alternatively, let is thaw it more before it gets cooked.  Furthermore, the water made the foie gras a big disgusting mess.
I ordered their signature dish, the blackened redfish.  Again, it was good but it was served lukewarm and it was obvious it had been sitting on the kitchen counter before it made it to me.
I saw several diners order the friend chicken. We order the chicken fingers for our kids.  Again, the fried chicken was no better than eating at one of many chain restaurants.
The best thing we ate was the free cornbread.  I guess that's what I'll take away from this dining experience.Simply the best food in New Orleans. We made reservations days in advance and thank god we did cause when we got there the line was around the block. 
The phenomenal. We started off with the shrimp and alligator cheesecake as an appetizer. It doesn't sound as appeasing as it really is but it's quite tasty. It was gone within 2 minutes. For dinner, I ordered the grilled Mahi-Mahi which came on a bed of spicy green tomatoes and fries. It was out of this world! 
Everyone else in my table had plates that ranged from steak, seafood and quail and everyone left this place deliciously satisfied. Definitely check this place out the next time you are in the garden district.This is one of my favorite places! The wait usually takes a while but it's worth it! While you're waiting there are bars and other shops around for you to entertain yourself with. When you're walking to the back to go sit, you pass by the kitchen which hits you RIGHT in the face with the most amazing aromas! 
As soon as you sit down they tell you their fresh made drink specials and bring you the best cornbread cakes to snack on while you decide on which mouthwatering dish you want to order. (You're going to want everything so it could be a while) 
I started out by ordering what I normal start with, the alligator cheese cake. IT IS AMAZING. Get it. You won't be disappointed. By this point you may be getting full but you can't stop there cause the entrees are wonderful as well! This time I got the grilled duck breast which was cooked perfectly and SO yummy! 
All in all this is a popular local place which I would recommend to anyone! Go the first chance you get!!Food was exceptionl. Try the boullabase was truly amazing, cornbread delicious.Fried green tomatoes with shrimp, oye..  Really really great food. Very busy. Attentive friendly staff. Would truly return when I'm in New Orleans. Check it out you won't be sorry..Mahalo for a great dinner evening.Haven't even received my main course and giving it 5 stars! Amazing environment, the shrimp and alligator cheesecake is an orgasm on a plate, drinks are amazing, cornbread is the best I ever had. Can't wait for my steak! This is a place that makes you feel like you are Bill Gates and our meal will run $125 with multiple adult beveragesWhat they said! Alligator cheesecake, boudin balls, the Godzilla, crawfish étouffée and veggies. Simply awesome!It's a pretty lengthy wait, but the food is delicious, which makes it totally worth it!Great Food! Lots of fun options along with some more traditional plates.
Amazing service (Kiss is the best bartender in the world)
There's no way I won't come back to this place before I die.
Also, it's close enough to Jake and Snake's for some awesome dive bar action.Holy sheeet.
Wow, came here bc my food idol, Mr. Bourdain, came here. 
Corn bread awesome. Garlic bits so tasty.
Had rabbit, alligator sausage cheesecake and crab stuffed shrimp.
Every single calorie eaten was worth it! Def go. Amazing spot for cajun/creole food.In my opinion this is one of the best restaurants in the city. 
Some people say that its overrated and over crowded. I agree that its over crowded, but usually when a restaurant is packed, it means the food is AWESOME! I have never been disappointed with the food at Jacques-Imo's. 
The service can be hit or miss, because of the amount of people in the place. But, I'm willing to deal with crap service occasionally for such great food. There usually is a wait, even if you have a reservation. I have waited from 30min to 1.5hrs to get seated, but grab a drink and enjoy the full experience! 
If you go there are some things that you need to try. Shrimp and Alligator Sausage Cheesecake. Not your traditional cheesecake. It's way better! Very savory! All of the fish entrées are excellent. I also had the Country Fried Venison, which I really enjoyed. If you are feeling adventurous and have a big appetite, I highly suggest you get the Whole Flash Fried Flounder. It is exactly that , a whole fish! Yes, a whole flounder, head and and all, but its stuffed with delicious crab meat and covered in a creamy Hollandaise sauce! This is the best thing on the menu in my opinion. It is something that could for sure be shared, but I managed to power through this delicious fish! 
If you still have room after the appetizers, entrées, salads, and sides, you MUST try the bread pudding. To die for! I don't think I can ever eat another bread pudding! 
Plan to spend anywhere from 3 to 5 hours here. Great for groups and out of town friends!Thousands of reviews already so doubt mine will matter, but wanted to let people know, AVOID this place on nights where they serve a price-fix menu.  This review is quite late, as we dined New Years Eve prior to 2015.  
The night was sold out and the menu was fixed at 4-courses.  The place is tiny, and is not capable of running a night like this.  Food was slow coming out, always luke-warm.  Very underwhelming night.
So like I said, AVOID on nights where they are running a fixed menu due to an event (ie: New Years).  Otherwise people seem to really love this place.Although the food was good, our dining experience was subpar. We were seated in the side building, which is really just a large square room. The large group next to us not only made talking at our table impossible but the reverberations of their voices in that room were actually hurting my ears. I've eaten inside the main building but felt bad for my in-laws (lifelong Nola residents). 
The best apps were the fried grits and the alligator cheesecake (creamy rigotta with alligator sausage- reminded me rather of quiche minus the egg flavour). Snails and pasta was good- smokey though. The garlic cornbread was amazing!  All of the entrees were good- I had BBQ shrimp, tasted some of the fish, pork chop, and crawfish dishes. All very rich.  
While the food and service were four and half stars we couldn't really enjoy it since - for me at least- a large part of eating is the company you share it with! 
I would ask to be seated in the main dining area if at all possible. Lesson learned for next time.Took an enjoyable streetcar ride to the Uptown/Carrollton district to have dinner at Jacques-Imo's.  Fun, eclectic restaurant with a menu that has something for everyone. 
Everyone in our party enjoyed their appetizers which included alligator cheesecake, escargot, grilled oysters, and fried green tomatoes (my favorite), as well as their main courses of grilled duck breast, carpet bagger steak, rack of lamb, and blackened red fish.  I had the blackened red fish with crab-chili hollandaise with beets and greens as sides.  It was my favorite dinner while in NOLA.
Was less than impressed with the watermelon mojito but you can't win 'em all.Definitely a favorite from my food travels in Nola. I just don't think any review can give Jacques-imo's justice. It's clearly very popular for good reason. Some of which are:
1) Watermelon mojito - hard to not down in one gulp!
2) Bar had a seriously cool vibe and great bartenders
3) i would've eaten everything coming out of that kitchen, but the Alligator sausage cheesecake was definitely life-changing. That creamy sauce and Parmesan topping!!
4) Even the cornbread was unbeatable. Buttery crisp outside, and was fighting over the last few crumbs.
Honestly, I'm excited to return to New Orleans someday just to try more from that one-of-a-kind menu!Go. Just walk in there, sit down and close your eyes and point to literally anything on the menu and it will be amazing. My personal favorite is the shrimp etouffee or fried chicken. But there isn't a bad dish in the house. Plus dinners come with salad with homemade dressing and delicious corn muffins. Just go.I was in New Orleans for the extended Memorial Day weekend .This place was recommended to me by a local & I am so grateful that I took her advice .It is a little off the beaten path & I believe the area is referred to as uptown .No this is not a shady area .I would highly recommend that you enjoy a street car ride (St.Charles street car ) exit the street car at the oak street exit .There is a wait but in my opinion it was well worth the wait .(If you are able to grab a seat at the bar they do offer full service at the bar)
I had the crab meet stuff shrimp ( which was not excellent & the only reason for the four stars as opposed to 5Stars )For dinner I had the GODZILLA which is an entire soft shell crap ( Yes they are in season )Served over eggplant & tomatoes .before my entree came I was served a spinach salad .(It was spinach served w/ a vinaigrette & a piece of fried alligator )their signature cornbread w/ better which was phenomenal .
THE GODZILLA was the best thing that I have eaten all year .You also get two side items with that entree & I chose to have the red beans & rice & cabbage .The red beans & rice were great .the cabbage was okay .
The bar staff was friendly as well as attentive even though they were extremely busy .I ordered & old fashioned that was perfectly concocted .I would give this place 4.5 stars if it was possible .If you are visiting New Orleans I recommend goin on a Tuesday night for a late dinner and going next door to the maple leaf to hear " Rebirth " the brass band .#twobirdsonestoneExcellent food. Waited almost 2.5 hours, but they service was friendly and attentive once we sat down. The cornbread was amazing. Alligator cheesecake was interesting. My friends loved it more than I did, but that is personal taste. Bread pudding was delicious. Entrees were good.
Good place to go to check out another area of New Orleans (uptown)I'm not one to get crazy over "New Orleans" styled restaurants. Ask me where I get the best gumbo, and I'll tell you my mama's house.
So, yes.... despite growing up here, this was my first time at Jacques-Imo's. I had heard great things about it, so when a friend decided to go for her birthday, I was excited to try it. FINALLY!
I'll admit, the gumbo had a pretty good flavor, but, as is the issue I have with most gumbos in this city, there was not nearly enough meat to account for the price. 
However... The shrimp and grits were delicious was topped with delicious remoulade sauce and big shrimp. The shrimp and alligator sausage cheesecake was an oddly comforting dish. And I had quite possibly one of the best entrees, which was the Mushroom stuffed salmon. 
As for drinks, a few of us all ordered the watermelon mojitos, and each one of us commented on how it was quite refreshing, but we could not taste a bit of alcohol in it. Needless to say, we all switched to wine after the first drink.
Overall, I'll probably never order the gumbo or any specialty cocktails again, however, I thoroughly enjoyed all of the food we had, as did everyone in my party.SHRIMP AND ALLIGATOR SAUSAGE CHEESECAKE!!! Remember this dish when you go! Try this dish when you go! I don't care if you don't like shrimp (like my boyfriend) or you're a little weirded out by the thought of eating alligator sausage (me and my boyfriend) or don't like cheesecake (me). TRY IT! The different flavors all were unique but blended well. The sauce on top had something familiar (maybe tomato??) and complimented the dish so well! My boyfriend and I fell in love with this appetizer! Enough to question if we should cancel our dinner order and have another serving each of the cheesecake! That says something! 
Okay, now that I have that off my chest I can start from the beginning! I found this review thanks to Yelp, and I believe a good many other people did the same. The place was packed! We put our name on the list and was told we were in for a 45 minute to 1 hour wait so we ordered some drinks from the bar and were lucky enough to grab a seat on the bench where others were waiting for their table as well. I had a mojito that was so full of mint that it was hard to drink it from a straw, but it was still very tasty! After about 30 minutes we asked to check when we would be called. We were told 25 minutes but then they called for us after about 5 minutes. 
Interestingly enough we were escorted through the kitchen to the dining area which was packed and very noisy! All of the staff were dressed so casually we had a hard time picking our server out from the guests. Soon enough our server, Jake, introduced himself and gave us an official welcome to New Orleans and Jacques-Imo's. He also gave us a run down of the menu and what the favorites were. I told him we were looking at the jambalaya as an appetizer and he gave me the "eh, so-so" face and told us we would be fools if we didn't try the cheesecake. So, we took his suggestion and were thrilled we did! So, we decided to take his suggestion for the rest of the meal as well. 
I had another mojito (less minty but just as tasty) and ordered the Blackened Lamb with red beans and rice and smashed potatoes. I was less impressed with my entree though (and really wish I would have had more of the cheesecake). Lamb has such a delicate flavor which was totally hidden under the blackening. The beans/rice and potatoes were good though! My boyfriend had the fried chicken (white meat only, which in my opinion you should go with dark meat for fried chicken) which we were told was a presidential favorite. He said it was okay, but nothing too special about it. He had the same sides as me and liked them just as much. 
If the entrees were as good as the alligator cheesecake, this place would have been 5 stars all the way. I guess after experiencing the cheesecake we were prepared for entree gold and were a little let down. All in all a good experience though.Get here early if you do not want to wait. The food is good, but not that different than other restaurants in New Orleans. The service is friendly, knowledgeable, timely, but not intrusive. Overall a good place to meet friends and have a good meal.This place is way more than it appears.  Great food you just cannot find anywhere else, very friendly staff, great attitude, and awesome decor...
This is the kind of place you want to go in New Orleans.This is not elegant, upscale dining, but it is a gem. If you want real New Orleans cooking that doesn't skimp on quality, delivers big value, and makes you feel welcome and special, you've come to the right place. 
First of all, the place is hilarious. The decor is lively, bordering on garish. The place is loud because people are having a damn good time. It's cluttered and fun; a sense of humor is apparent from the moment you enter the door. The staff is casual, friendly and attentive. They seem to be having fun, and they want you to have fun as well. And they're going to give you excellent service.
The food is awesome - good, down-home but nothing is taken for granted. There are little touches of special throughout the meal. Like the butter-and-garlic topped individual cornbread muffins, or the spinach salads everyone gets with dinner that include just one delicious fried oyster on each little plate. 
The apps - calamari with pan gravy (As an Italian-American, I felt like I was committing a delectable sin.) and gator sausage + shrimp cheesecake - were both excellent.  This is not light food but it's damn good. 
For entrees, I had a phenomenal fried drum with brown butter sauce accompanied by mashed sweet potatoes (a little too sweet for my taste) and sausage-smothered cabbage - really good. My hubby had the soft shell crab, which I tried and it was great if only for the friend green tomatoes sitting under the crab. 
We tried to pass on dessert - it is REALLY not light food - but our waiter brought us a comped coconut bread pudding with bourbon sauce. I ate lots of bread pudding in NOLA - Lilette, Commander's Palace - and this was hands down the best. Gooey, warm, sweet, unpretentious and fantastic. 
We waited an hour to get into Jacques-Imos - they don't take rez and we don't like waiting - but we left with huge smiles. You will too.Stopped by for dinner on a Friday night during my bachelor party with a party of 8. Reservations must be made in advance for parties of 5 or more...that is something to keep in mind.
Sat down immediately after getting some free shots from Jacques himself at the bar. Hostess and waitress were both great and made our meal experience all the better. The restaurant itself has a very cool funky, New Orleans feel to it. It is also right next door to The Maple Leaf...so if you have to head across town for dinner you can add to your long trip by grabbing a drink and possibly catching some music next door afterwards.
Onto the food. Appetizers included the Shrimp Alligator Sausage Cheesecake and Gumbo. Cheesecake was very good and worth ordering based on its uniqueness alone. Gumbo was solid, but nothing you can't have anywhere in town. We also had these awesome garlic corn muffins with green onions...fantastic little things that will leave you asking for more.
I ordered the Redfish as an entree and I wasn't disappointed. Perfectly blackened with a nice sauce...great fish and dinner! I also tried the shrimp etouffee which was just so-so (as shrimp etouffee goes, I love the version at Acme Oyster House).
Overall, nothing blew me away...but I'd love to go back to this restaurant on another occasion to see if something else will! Really enjoyed everything...food, atmosphere, and staff made me a fan who will come back on his next trip to New Orleans.What else can I say that hasn't already been said. So I'll keep it simple...Great food, service and atmosphere.BEST RESTAURANT IN NOLA - Shrimp and Alligator Cheesecake, Stuffed Pork Chop, Blackened Redfish. You CAN'T go wrong!Great option for dining in New Orleans. A bit off the beaten path but completely worth it. the boudin ball appetizer was great. Went on a Monday night and there was no wait. But have heard the wait can be long other days of the week.We hadn't been here in years and tried it again on a whim. Boy am I glad we did. Went on a Tuesday evening around 8:30-9. There was a short 5-10 minute wait. Food was great - better than I remembered it to be. I would have given it 5 stars but our server wasn't very good. She didn't tell us the specials, didn't hear one of the appetizer orders so it came with the entrees, was nice but not overly interested in making it a good experience. Started with the boudin which is the best I've ever had. He had the escargot which were prepared in a sauce and noodles that resembled chicken noodle soup. Sounds weird but was good. I had the fried chicken and he had the grilled grouper with crab imperial both very good. We'll be back; hopefully we'll get a different server.One out of three was not bad.  Their sign states "warm beer, lousy food, poor service."  Poor service rang true - big time.  Our waitress was short, rude, and rolled her eyes at our questions.  But we did not let her attitude ruin our meal.  We ordered and the food was wonderfully delicious. With our entree we got Spinach salad with one fried oyster and homemade corn bread soon after.  The shrimp and alligator sausage cheese cake was surprisingly amazing.  The entree was Red fish with sweet potato mash and corn.  Also great.  As for the beer, we didn't order any, but the other patrons around us, their glasses were iced.  A must try.  And go early, we were there when they opened, even then there was a line.This restaurant was surprisingly noisy and rowdy inside.  Tables were incredibly close together and parties were screaming at the top of their lungs. The ambience was hippie as hell, but let's talk food:
The alligator shrimp cheesecake thing was more like an egg soufflé with sausage and seafood bits covered with a seafood cream sauce that had shrimp.  Four star dish for creativity, three star dish for flavor. But no semblance of gator. 
The Jambalaya was two stars. Relatively flavorless and soaked in tomato sauce. 
No real seafood flavor and many other restaurants in NOLA make it better. 
The best thing we ordered was the Godzilla (fried soft shell crab on Fried Green tomatoes). It was stuffed with a seafood stuffing and the batter was deliciously salty. 
An excellent runner up was the coconut bread pudding. So yummy and quite original. Note: they have a very small dessert menu and this is likely the best thing on it. 
The maque choux corn side dish was no better than Delmonte in a can with one or two minced chiles. 
Me and the lady expected to be wowed thanks to recommendations, and although we left full, we had better meals in NOLA.Awesome, tasty local food. If you don't enjoy the shrimp and alligator sausage cheesecake then something's wrong with you. I have yet to have a bad dish here and the staff is always friendly.Strolled way out here on a Wed and was seated immediately. Come hungry or share cause they give you a ridiculous amount of food. Started with the Alligator cheesecake that was amazing but too rich and I had little room for our entrees. You also get a nice little salad. The Drum was a huge ass piece of delicious fish. Wife had the Foie gras stuffed-bacon wrapped-Quail that was awesome. Lots of leftovers and no room for dessert. And we got a complimentary lemon drop shot. Cute little spot with a fun vibe. Decent prices. And we met Jacques.Had to make a stop here during my trek down to bayou. Came here on a weekday and waited for about 45 minutes for a table of 3 (which actually wasn't too bad..especially when you can wait at the bar in front of the dining room). Once we were seated, I was in foodie heaven. The alligator cheese was awesome. The complimentary cornbread was literally crack in cupcake form and the redfish was delicious. Friends also ended up enjoying their entrees as well (crawfish etoufee and a pork chop dish). I love this place and will definitely have to make a second visit soon!Waited next door at the Maple Leaf for a table, took a little over an hour on a weekend night.
I had the blackened red snapper. It was very good. My wife's green salad came with a (gratuitous) fried oyster on top.
A little too busy for me to thoroughly enjoy it. Our table was in a high traffic area -- watch your elbows. Worth a visit? Sure. Would I wait for more than an hour again to eat here? I don't think so. Food was very good but the opportunity cost of waiting in line in New Orleans is so, so high -- plenty of other great places to eat.
In short, my recommendation would be to absolutely visit this place on a weeknight. On a weekend I'd think twice.The food was good. I only got the crab stuffed shrimp. It took a while for the waiter to greet me, but when she did she was sweet. The cornbread was cool, tasted different from what I'm used to. I would come back to try some of the entrees.Great NOLA vibe here. Casual restaurant to come with a group and enjoy the courses of food. I think this restaurant is most popular for the setting of the restaurant because the food is just okay. You can wait for over 2 hours without a reservation! My favorite part of the meal is the homemade corn bread plus the Moscow mule! We got an awesome group table outside and enjoyed hanging out here.DITTO for every five star review...what a wonderful place!!! Fantastic staff, phenomenal food, fun atmosphere.
You should not visit New Orleans and miss this spot.
Thanks to a wonderful hostess and super attentive staff for making this a meal to remember for a lifetime.There is a reason everyone talks about the shrimp and alligator cheesecake.  It's nothing like you've ever had in your life.  The texture is sort of like a quiche...but it's just 100x better than a quiche.  We also ordered the quail dish which was pretty good too.  Be sure to eat the cornbread they give you; They are simply amazing.
The place is quite small and cozy.  You should probably get there early to avoid a wait.  The waiting list they have will text you...so you could run off to a bar nearby to grab a drank or two.So you have Cajun food all over the place around these parts, and it is admittedly easy to throw 5 stars at all kinds of places in this foodie fantasy zone, but then you have Jaques imo! Where to start...fantastic local vibe, beautiful Oak Street vibe, and oh my the creole loving they throw down. Start with the Gator Cheesecake, then proceed in any direction for the best in breed. So worth the drive from tourist land, and oh so worth it. Among my favorite in this great state.Possibly the best meal I ever had.  The place doesn't seem like much, unless you can't the long wait to get in.  But then its your turn and you understand why everyone waits for a seat. 
Fresh food, well prepared.  It may be my best meal ever!My husband,  two daughters and I ate here on 3/30/16.  After waitng an hour and a half for a table, the food was just ok.  We had the fried chicken but  Popeyes is so much better.  The side of red beans were good but cold!  The stuffed catfish was jusk ok because I didn't like the stuffing  The butter beans were good but ran into my small amount of sweet potatoes.  They should use small individual dishes for side items.  The rabbit was just ok too as was the stuffed shrimp.  Nothing here was really good, just high calorie stuff but not delicious at all!  I was so disappointed since the ratings here are so good but I guess this is just another tourist trap!!!.  Want good food, try Cowbell down the street!!!  Maybe it's because I am from New Orleans and know good food.  Sorry my review is so negative but it's what we tasted!!! Oh, the cornbread muffins are good but that's about it...Anthony Bourdain you missed this. I am not hip enough to eat first of all. Not worth the 1hr an half wait. the cornbread you get was the highlight of the meal an they or good but everything else was ok an way to pricey for what you get. Will I go back only if my car broke down an it was so cold outside that i would have to go in a warm up.As soon as he was able, and it was possible he came back to New Orleans, it was like coming back to your mother after she had a near fatal accident, and you had to see her drowning on national television.
The pain was so deep it went to places that he did not even know he had, but he knew the grief was so traumatic that he could not speak, all his words which he had embraced and learned throughout a lifetime escaped him now, and he realized that they were useless to him now because they could not convey what it means to be broken.
He went home to her, New Orleans. He went home to Jacques IMO's and he met Jacques, the iconic owner of this restaurant, which is more like a spiritual manifestation of Art, Music, Food, and Love.
Jacques had captured New Orleans, he had embraced the Life that flows in the Soul of New Orleans, and Niels' eyes filled up with a fluid, a water where all life comes from, he bid a tender parting to Jacques and his creation, walked out into the sunset of Oak Street and it was then that he realized that he was "Like one of those children asking to be born," as Leonard Cohen eloquently said, yes, he had asked to be born in New Orleans even before he knew what a mother's womb was.
This was the catalyst, this night, this place, this situation that gave Niels the epiphany, the compulsion and Love to write about New Orleans.
Why? Why, you may ask did he want to be born in New Orleans? He wanted to be born in New Orleans because it had so much life, so much joy, art, music, and yes, madness.
In essence, Niels wanted to be born in New Orleans because it offered "so much material."So many good reviews but this place was just blah to me. 
The only good thing was the alligator sausage cheesecake. Sounded interesting that I had to try it. It was really good. No complaints on this appetizer. 
I ordered the Carpet Bagger steak and for the price I had to pay, it just wasn't worth it to me. I've had way better steak in my days that this one just didn't make the cut. 
My BFF ordered the Deep fried Roast Beef Po'Boy and that was a no-go as well.
I've heard the fried chicken is really good here. Maybe next time I'll try that. 
We skipped dessert since we were so disappointed with everything else. Why bother? And the funny thing is...I always order dessert! Not this place. Too expensive, no reservations, long wait, not worth it!Good service, excellent food. 
Made reservations the day of for a party of 7. They open at 5 pm and said they could take our party either at 5:30 or 9:30. Since we had children with us, we chose the 5:30. (They only take reservations for parties larger than 4.) We were seated in a semi-private room. 
The meal starts with a house salad...a bed of spinach in a light and slightly sweet sesame dressing with a fried oyster. I normally don't like spinach salads, but this one was delicious. The dressing was light and tasty. The oyster, nicely fried with a hint of saltiness. 
Had one of the daily specials...The Godzilla. Deep fried soft shell crab stuffed with a crab dressing and sitting upon a stack of fried green tomatoes. The crab was breaded and fried a deep golden bread, crunchy and tasty. The crab dressing, kind of like cornbread stuffing with crab meat, was rich, but very tasty. I wanted to stop, but just kept eating it.  Dipping the deep fried crab into it was really delicious. The fried green tomatoes were yummy. It came with your choice of 2 side dishes. I chose shoestring French fries...crispy, crunchy, tasty and sweet potato casserole...sweet, smooth and yummy, like sweet potato pie filling. Would definitely recommend this dish and would order it again.
My brother had the Potato Crusted Drum (recommended by our waitress). Drum crusted in hash brown potatoes, served with your choice of 2 sides. The fish was moist, tender and delicious. I loved the crunchiness of the outside. A great choice. 
Who would've thought a restaurant in hidden in this neighborhood would be so awesome. Definitely going back if I ever find myself in New Orleans again.So pleased to finally have the opportunity to eat dinner at Jacques-Imo's!!! A New Orleans classic! 
We came here around 6pm on a Friday and snagged one of the only tables left - I can see how easily it is for this place to accrue a 1-2 hour wait time! Especially if you have more than 4 people! 
Things I loved: 
-- the decor - beautiful paintings really set the tone for the meal. 
-- the menu - everything on it sounded REALLY delicious. Would be happy to dine here every day for a week to try it all!
-- the Abita Purple Haze. 
-- the Jesus candle on our table. 
My two friends and I went a bit crazy with the appetizers - alligator cheesecake (wasn't super impressed - but it was more like a spoon bread than a cheesecake to me), fried green tomatoes with shrimp (YUM! my fave!), garlic snails with pasta (really tasty!!!), crab stuffed shrimp (friends fave!), and the cornbread rolls. 
From there, we decided it was probably best to split an entree - the meals looked large and we had already indulged in many decadent (read: CREAMY, filling, tasty) appetizers. We had the blackened redfish and it was awesome. Best of the best. Well seasoned, nice sear, perfect flakey-ness. For the sides we had cabbage and spinach salads. It was nice to add some green to our dinner. :)
Couple of things that were quirky that I didn't really care for - walking through the kitchen to get to the dining areas and the bathroom that was right beside the kitchen - so small! Also, our waiter seemed like he was trying to rush us through dinner, but come to find out it was only because he wanted our plates to be put in before a 20-top had a chance to get their order in. Would have been nice to know that rather than feel like we were being hurried along... 
Fun fact: They do not offer to-go cups for your drinks in the dining area. They're not actually allowed apparently. The BAR near the entrance however, does offer to-go cups. Just ask.Very impressed! Ordered a watermelon mojito, it was very fresh and delicious. I had the stuffed pork chop and it was great. The fried roast beef poboy is incredible. Also the best fried chicken Ive had in a while. Cool atmosphere.Snapshot: 5/5 Authentic, 5/5 Atmosphere 5/5 Price & Quality
When the locals and Yelp say go...you venture out. Though it was an hour wait, the Maple Leaf Bar is next store door which offers stiff drinks and local beers at a college prices.
If you are looking for fresh seafood with amazing sides and local cuisine, there's nothing better.
The service is prompt and attentive. Price point is very reasonable. Less than $30 for the entry which includes two sides plus a salad.
The ride or drove down St. Charles is entraining. 
Tip: Get there early as they don't take reso's![Out-of-Towner Review]
DDD, you're laggin'...this should have already been on your show!
It's a mix of boughie pricing and good ol' home cookin' and atmosphere. I'm just grateful that I know a pretty-much-local, who knows about this little gem. This isn't one of those places you stumble up on or the concierge sends you here. You just know about it...but apparently all of NOLA knows about it. It was almost a 2 hour wait for us, good think there's a bar close by.
Cluttered is a nice way to describe this place. Stuff is everywhere, people are cramped everywhere, and servers have perfected maneuvering minimal square footage. Not to mention, you walk through the kitchen to get to most of the seating.
Although, my painted picture doesn't sound great, this place is amazing! The atmosphere is insane, hustled and busy, but it's worth the experience.
If you go here and do not order the Shrimp and Alligator Sausage Cheesecake you are FIRED! This thing is amazing. It closely resembles a slice of quiche, but the taste is out of this world - savory sauce, with a bite (the spicy level was a little beyond me, but I fought through it)! Seriously, I would have been content with two orders of this NOLA delicacy.
Next came two little corn bread muffins! My mouth is salivating thinking about these perfect little nuggets of comfort. A garlic butter drizzled on top of a perfectly sweetened corn bread muffin. Seriously, they are complimentary, but I'd go broke on buying these little guys!
My entrée choice was a comfy as one could get: Stuffed Pork Chop with ground beef and shrimp stuffing. Sadly the description did not include the copious amounts of mushrooms in the gravy. But at this place, you don't send things back, it's just the vibe I got. The portion was insane, this massive hunk of meat was more than even two people could handle. The flavor was savory, not overly salty at all! I loved the flavor of the gravy slathered all over the pork chop. The stuffing mixture of ground beef and shrimp was blended well, I was pleasantly surprised.
You get to choose between a long list of sides, however I went with the country greens and mashed potatoes. The country greens were overly salty, I took a few bites and was left searching for water to rehydrated. The mashed potatoes were a nice compliment to my meal, great texture and flavor.
Pricing is steep, but definitely worth it. It literally is fine dining pricing, in a hole-in-the-wall atmosphere! Open your wallet and your belly will be happy! Service is minimal, they work hard...to the point of being sweaty...but don't expect Nordstrom customer service.
A blend of boughie food and a bayou hoarders home, make this local spot one of the BEST places I dined at in NOLA!!My boyfriend and I went and let me tell you - DELICIOUS!  We're complete fans of Jacques Imos..We took a girl's trip to New Orleans this weekend, and made it a point to find the best places to eat.  Hands down, Jacques-Imo's was our favorite of the weekend.  From the jalapeño cornbread, to the shrimp and alligator sausage cheesecake (insanely amazing!), to the entree special (I can't remember the name but it was fried soft-shell crab on top of fried green tomatoes, grits, and some other deliciousness), to the bread pudding...everything was seriously perfection.  I would not hesitate to make that place a priority every single time I visit New Orleans.  It's located in the Garden District and in a cute, quirky little house.  There was about a 45 minute wait on a Friday night, which was less than we expected.  We had no problem parking on a side street.  The service was also excellent as well-best service we had all weekend.  I can't overstate...Jacques-Imo's killed the competition.First time here and the food did not disappoint! The fried grits with the crawfish sauce on top was sooooo soooo delicious!! I had the fried chicken which was enough to split between two people. I had red beans and fries
as my sides and they were both really good. The garlic cornbread they give you is amazing  I could have eaten a whole basket. Will definitely be backJust excellent. I had been hearing that for quite some time and finally made it there last night. We were seated in moments at a great corner table. Our server (David) told us about his favorites so descriptively I could taste the words coming out of his mouth. It was all excellent. We all live here and are all in the restaurant biz. We all just loved the food and David.
5 stars just aint enough baby.
LOVED DAT.I am only in New Orleans for a brief business trip but was told by a friend that I MUST visit Jacques-Imo's Cafe before I leave. Located in the charming Garden District, Jacques-Imo's cafe is about ten minutes from the French Quarter and business disctrict but completely worth the trip- both for the eclectic food and atmosphere of the restaurant as well as the distinct personality of this vibrant neighborhood in New Orleans.
I walked in on a rare Monday night when the wait was less than twenty minutes (make a reservation if you'd like to avoid the wait). I grabbed a drink at the bar and people watched until the pleasant waitstaff seated me at a table in the fabulous muraled dinning room.  She immediately brought corn muffins to my table. They were piping hot, dusted with melted butter and fresh chives and perfectly delicious. I had the famous Shrimp and Allegator Cheesecake ( a quiche) as an appetizer. It was out of this world. Indescribable really but I'll give it a try- light and spicy with a warm cream sauce and delish alligator and shrip "sausage" cooked in. I wiped the plate clean- literally as I used my cornbread tp capture the last drizzles of the yummy sauce. Warning- I over did it and subsequently had a hard time making it to the entree.
The waitress forgot my spinach salad (they come with all the entrees) but I was so full after the cornbread and appetizer that I didn't say a word. When they brough out the plate of their "famous fried chicken" my eyes widened and I wondered how I would eat any of the four generous pieces of chicken they provided each adorned with amazing homemade pickles and shouldered with sides of perfect shoestring (think pic wick thin) fries and homemade coleslaw. The coleslaw was some of the best I've had; perfectly lightly dressed and not too sweet but with lovely little bits of shredded apple sprinkled thoughout. The fries were fine-nothing spectacular but well executed for what they were; shoestring fries. The Chicken tasted fresh and I was told was free-range which lent to a more gamy taste. It was perfectly breaded and almost (but not quite) as good as Mom's...made even betterwhen I sprinkled some crystal heat on top.
Finally- the reason I am rating this restaurant 5 and not four stars? After sending most of my fried chiken to be boxed up-- as I wassimply  too full to eat it. The waitress brought me two count them TWO complementary desserts. Small dishes of their bread pudding and another of their creme brulee. The creme brulee was outstanding everthing a good creme brulee should be but the bread pudding was out of this world. Really!!! It was warm with incredible little bits of dried cherries baked in and the creamiest light caramel sauce drizzled throughout and topped with a tiny scoop of icecream bordered with a chocolate cookie crust. OMG!
BTW- All the dishes of patrons around me looked equally delightful. Lamb, scallops, boullibaise.
Go. Go. Go to this gem while you are in New Orleans. It will make your trip.Do not pass this place up, it's worth the wait. The corn bread muffins is like getting a warm hug from your favorite grandmother. We got the fried shrimp, alligator crawfish cheesecake & the fried venison....& would recommend each dish to anyone dining there - picking my favorite dish would be like picking a favorite child.Been trying to dine here for a few years...Got there early to avoid an hour plus wait. 20 minutes and a couple of PBRs, not shabby. Staff attitudes were great, very positive. Cool, funky environment. Menu variety was interesting, but the quality, quantity and temps of servings were a big let down. I don't get it. Based upon patron scans, J-IC is a trendy place where 30 somethings go and mingle. Go, and have fun!Jacques-Imo is a solid 4 star place. I work near their sister restaurant which serves up phenomenal po boys. This restaurant has always been on my list of restaurants to check out. The chargrilled oysters were absolutely ridiculous. It's easy for me to say best in New Orleans. The other note worthy item was the carpet bagger steak. I'm interested to return and see if this can be a 5 star place. For now it's a solid 4.Long, long wait. Totally worth it. Wonderful NOLA experience. Do yourself a favor and put your name in one the line, ask how long the wait is and then go to the bar directly next door and get some very cheap predinner drinks!
Alligator cheesecake = a must.
All entrees are great, expertly prepared- this is food with love! Fried chicken to die for. Love to take people from out of town. 
Try any drink of theirs with watermelon in it- YUM alcohol with delicious pulpy chunks of fresh, cool watermelon.
Ambience is the top! Great art, kitschy looking pieces all around, its warm, nice tables, feels lively inside.
I am reviewing this place after some time has passed because the experience left such a wonderful impression and as a result I remember it pretty well. Think Nick was our waiter, he treated us like family and we loved him.It's good, but it doesn't deserve all the hype it gets. The blackened redfish was very good and flavorful, but a little expensive. The sides and cornbread were great. The alligator cheesecake was not worth buying.  I was not impressed.  The waiter was extremely nice and attentive. Overall it was a great experience but the restaurant was too crowded for my taste.Atmosphere is special.  Service more than friendly. Special was Godzilla and BBQ shrimp was amazing.  Must come. Take the streetcar.Praise to my niece the recent Tulane grad for her recommendation. This place is incredible. The building is really cool, the wait staff was amazing, and the food was just yum.  Our group of meeting planners all loved it and we eat out a lot. My coworker and Connoisseur of Fried Chicken said it was her all time best ever. That is compliment - she knows Fried Chicken. We'll be back, thanks  r-events.comWe got there two hours before closing so didn't think they would still be busy. We didn't make a reservation so had to wait 75 minutes (for a party of five) before we were seated. Once we got a table, the server was inattentive to our group since she was still swamped with other tables. 
Food was a hit or miss for me. My favorite item the whole night was the crabmeat stuffed shrimp appetizer. Entrees that I tried were ok (paneed rabbit and grilled duck breast). We were super hungry so was happy to get complimentary cornbread and fried oysters. It was disappointing since the cornbread was dry and the fried oyster was cold and soft (probably sitting around too long). The shrimp and alligator sausage cheesecake came highly recommended but it's over hyped as well.Hate to give this place a mediocre review, but it's really just not worth the wait. Or the hype. Granted I didn't try this alligator cheesecake everyone raves about, but I find the concept to be offensive to my brain and therefore taste buds. 
So yeah, we went on a Monday night around 7pm. Wait was an hour and a half!! I'm sorry, but I now truly think that no restaurant is worth that long of a wait ever, unless maybe they're paying you to eat there. You walk through the kitchen to get to your table. I kinda like that. The place looks like a defunct Applebees that didn't make the cut and is noisy as all hell, but I mean it IS New Orleans. 
Servers work in groups all helping out with various tables. It's nice and probably efficient, but it takes away whatever that limited server/customary relationship is, or could be. And sometimes I find a lot of joy in a great server that you really get to know and feel like you connect with. It can bring the food to a new level just knowing the people who are bringing it to you care so much. The food arrived slower than any restaurant in all of New Orleans, which was still actually about average for a fine dining experience. That's part of the problem. You come in and pay almost fine dining prices and experience fine dining waiting, but the environment is that of a neighborhood pub. Not that every restaurant needs to be relegated into some category, but I find that Jacques-Imo just tries to straddle too many different lines. 
I think people enjoy the "honest" cooking here. It's unpretentious for sure, but in my "honest" opinion, it's not really that good. Fried green tomato appetizer came with 4 tomato slices and 3 shrimp remoulades on top. I felt embarrassed asking the serving if one shrimp got lost in translation. She said it's only 3 shrimp, but it's usually stacked better. Just seemed odd. It was tasty but nothing over the top. My sister did get some amazing quail that utilized foie gras and bacon in some capacity I can't quite recall. My mahi mahi was well cooked and the hot avocado sauce was interesting though not really my cup of tea. My mashed potatoes were actually quite amazing, but the corn maquechoux was essentially canned corn that may have had a little onion and pepper added to it. Got a couple complimentary desserts for my bday. I found the creme brulee very addicting. 
Overall this place just doesn't live up to the hype, which in its defense is unjust to expect with such glowing reviews everywhere and an hour and a half wait on a Monday. 
One side note. The menu on the website is way outdated as far as pricing goes. Some items are almost 50% more money than listed online. Very misleading.I made a return trip to Jacques Imos this evening after having come for the first time over 6 years ago. I have to say I was majorly disappointed this time around. The wait was about an hour, which we expected. Once we were seated, the service was fine. The cornbread muffins were delish. Then things started going downhill. I ordered their drink special for the evening: a watermelon mojito. It was very underwhelming. It tasted like flat soda. I ordered the mushroom stuffed salmon, which I included a picture of. It was messy and gross. The ginger sauce + black beans + fish was just strange. The flavor combination was off. The spinach salad was supposed to come dressed in a viniagrette dressing, but it was a sweet sesame tasting dressing instead. The other sides were good, but served in TINY portions. I had the smothered cabbage and red beans and I wished I'd had more since those were the only items of my meal that were good. My sister had the smothered chicken for an entree and found it to be underseasoned. In summary, the sides and complimentary cornbread were good. The rest? Not so much. Definitely wasn't worth the hour wait.About 20 of us came here for a large team dinner. 
I had the duck, collard greens and mashed sweet potato. I really enjoyed the duck and it was a good sized piece. I wasn't able to finish it.  
The collard greens were really salty and I wasn't able to eat it. I was disappointed since I was tryingt hard to eat my dark leafy greens like a good girl. The mashed sweet potatoes were good. I had the bread pudding for dessert and it was nice and buttery.
For as many of us as there were in the restaurant, the service was very attentive and fairly quick. It was loud in the restaurant and my voice was hoarse from having to yell across the table. It was a fun place to be and it's too bad I had to "behave" since I was with coworkers and the boss. LOL
I would have liked to have come here again with just a few friends, but  maybe next time I'm in town.Totally worth the wait. I got tipped off to the place from a local friend of a friend, and am so glad I did. When I got there I was told that it would be 1 to 1 1/2 hrs before I could get a table, but that I could try to snag a spot at the bar, which I eventually did, with some help from one of the hostesses, after about 45 minutes. But the food -- so worth the wait! 
Definitely get the alligator cheesecake. So savory & delicious. I also had the duck & andouille gumbo, which was excellent, and fried green tomatoes & fried grits, which were pretty good too. A bit on the loud side for me, but great ambiance and friedly service at the bar.How the heck have I not reviewed this place yet?? I know everybody raves about the shrimp and alligator cheesecake (which is absolutely fantastic) but my favorite app is the fried grits. The stuffed shrimp, fried green tomatoes, crab cakes and deep fried roast beef poboy are also good. The spinach salad and cornbread is great. The grilled grouper, stuffed catfish, and sesame tuna have all been good choices, but after I got the white meat fried chicken, now that is all I get. The chicken pieces are HUGE and very flavorful. I can't seem to order anything else for my entree since I tried their fried chicken.  I love Jacques-Imos, but can't bring myself to give it 5 stars, b/c in my opinion, the sides are weak. I have tried most of them, but none are knock your socks off good.Hands down the #1 must in New Orleans. Great authentic Cajun and Creole food. Awesome atmosphere. I've been coming here for years and have always left satisfied.This was one of the most enjoyable meals I've had. The food was amazing and the service was even better. Everything I ate from the opening piece of garlic cornbread to the alligator cheesecake n fried chicken was unreal. The service and staff was on point. The vibe is casual and fun.The Fried Chicken!!!!  So juicy, so crispy.  So Delicious  - We had it as an appetizer so we could all try a piece.  I'm still thinking about it
We also had the fried green tomato appetizer..... in comparison, was not so exciting.  I've had better elsewhere.
For my main course I had the blackened lamb with side of greens and mashed potatoes.  Oh!  if only i hadn't been so full... I would have finished my entire meal.   
I only gave four stars because i must say i was disappointed with the drinks.   My watermelon mojito was so super sweet i couldnt  drink it.   
Ambience wise casual, noisy but cool as well
And don't forget on Tuesdays to go next door to the Maple Leaf to see the Rebirth Brass Band!! So much funThe food was some of the best this California Girl has ever had and the Southern service was far better. This a must visit for out of town visitors and I will be back with every visit to this amazing city.I wish I were writing Jacques-Imo's a 4 or 5-star review. Alas, honesty is a virtue and my gut (feelings) can be highly opinionated. 
I came here with a party of 10 for my birthday dinner on a Wednesday night. Foodies that we all are, and having successfully procured a group reservation only hours earlier, I was quite excited that we had managed to have a celebratory big dinner in one of the best known restaurants in the city.
We were seated in the adjacent private dining area reserved for large groups. This was great as we were able to carry on a conversation across the long table without having to mind the rowdy local patrons next door. I liked the intimate yet a colorful setting, the kitsch decor consisting of swamp-themed paintings and lots of colors all around.
Corn muffin was great, a perfect size just to enliven the palate without being too filling but not exactly mind-blowing. 
Alligator Cheesecake was an underwhelming dish. With one bite I could immediately tell the ingredients therein: Creamcheese, tomato sauce with chunks of alligator sausage and shrimps.. and little else. It lacked a "zing". It could have been served warm. I don't know. It's supposed to be the quintessential NOLA dish!! But it just didn't do it for me.
The entrees were not so memorable, I'm afraid, despite the hefty price tags they carried. 
Nonetheless, our server was wonderful and accommodating. His big smile and goofy jokes are commemorated in the special cameo photobomb appearance he made in our group picture!
Here's hoping for a better dining experience next time around.I was directed here by friends years ago. Still the best Cajun Restaurant in the area. Which is saying a lot when you are at ground zero for the best food produced in America. If you want your socks knocked off, go here. It never is below a 5 star experience!Really delicious food. We started with the alligator cheesecake which was the highlight of my meal. I had the fried chicken with sides of red beans and greens. The fried chicken was quite tasty, but not as good as the red fish entree that my boyfriend had. If I were to go back, I would definitely choose the red fish over the fried chicken.Blackened red fish was simply outstanding! Great food, awesome waitress. A definite return is in order.This is a festive place. You feel the energy as soon as you walk in. Yes, it's crowded and, yes, expect a wait.
I think it's a little pricey, probably overpriced, but I'm glad I went.Everyone in my class has mentioned that Jacques-Imo's was their favorite restaurant ever. So... when my parents finally came in to visit me, this is where we headed (Parent's treat, wahoo!!). My parents think every restaurant is just.. okay, but once we finished everything up, they kept saying how good this place was. Definitely a great place and amazing food.The food is quite delicious. Kind of a tight space, but still good ambiance / music / service. Courteous wait staff / hostess. We ordered the Alligator Mac, Fried Green Tomatoes, and Chicken Livers for appetizers. If you like chicken livers, these are hands down the best we've ever had. The Alligator Mac was also a favorite. The Fried Green Tomatoes were okay, but nothing special. We ordered the stuffed Pork Chop for our entree. Not that good. I honestly think the Beef should be omitted from the Stuffed Pork Chop entree. Just my personal opinion tho... everyone has different tastes ;).LOVE LOVE LOVE Jacques-Imo's! Every one of my experiences there has been wonderful. The ambience is great, this place doesn't get anymore New Orleans then this! Food is to die for! Service is over top GREAT! 
Must Eats: Alligator Cheesecake, Duck Gumbo, Yummy Cornbread, Fried Calamari, Carpet Bagger (filet) 
Will not leave unhappy.A good cajun style restaurant. Alligator cheesecake and the blackened redfish are my favorites.We came here on our last night in New Orleans. And we're so glad that we did! The food was fantastic and service was great. Our waitress, Lauren, made us feel so welcome. She was very attentive but not intrusive. 
I ordered their gumbo (duck&sausage), the best in New Orleans in my opinion. 
We split their fried chicken, which was crispy and very juicy. 
When a waiter came over to cleared our plates we asked him to not throw away our complementary corn bread, he told us that he'll even do one better! He gave us extra PLUS the recipe! Wow
We order our desert. It was brought over by Lauren. She told us that the desert was on the house! Wow what a way to end our anniversary celebration.I am really sad to say that I could only remember 25% of my experience here.  The wait was pretty long for a table, we couldn't make reservations for 2.. so we had to walk in and ended up with about a 2.5 hour wait for a table. Thus, resulting in drinks at the bar.. drinks next door.. just drinks, drinks drinks!!!
You could already tell this place was very popular due to its eclectic vibe and younger crowd.  The inside is like a maze and we ended up in this room in the back... it was pretty dark and loud inside.  From what I can recall, we had the blackened redfish, and I can't remember what the other dish was =( .. For "dessert" we had to get the alligator cheesecake... luckily for me I remembered that it was so good I completely devoured the whole thing, sucks for my friend though he did not remember eating it at all.  I know.. alligator cheesecake, sounds disgusting right?  But it was total opposite of that, it wasn't as sweet as regular cheesecake.. hard to describe but you HAVE to try it if you are ever in NOLA.  I might just have to attempt to make it at home myself =)Oh, Jacques-Imo's. 
Many times have I recruited near-strangers so that I can have the requisite number of people to make a reservation. The wait is deadly, particularly if you're drinking, which you should be.
But everything is deeeeelicious. NOLA legend for a reason.fun, crazy spot for a meal, and food was great in the new orleans way - heavy heavy and delicious, not sophisticated or delicate.  shrimp & alligator cheesecake (real alligator sausage, in a quiche) was excellent, and the cajun redfish was even better - really perfectly blackened and incredibly moist.  
tip: go early, tell them when you want to eat, roughly (e.g., "about 7"), and then tell them you're going to Maple Leaf for drinks.  They'll come find you at the right time and seat you within a couple of minutes - avoids the wait entirely!This is my favorite place to eat in New Orleans. My wife and daughter had never been, so I took them this past week and everything we had was incredibly good. Jaques-Imo's will become a standard stop anytime we are in town in the future. Thanks for a great meal, and I can't wait to get the Alligator and Shrimp Cheesecake again.I had the lamb which was seasoned well and cooked exactly how I like it, delicious.  The cornbread and spinach salad are also amazing and the red beans are very well done . Great service from the staff and a great atmosphere.The thought of the food at Jacques Imo's actually kind of makes me drool a little.  Order the alligator cheesecake (a lot tastier than it sounds) and the fried chicken plate and you'll thank me.  Toss in some delicious garlic cornbread muffins and some beer, and you'll be in heaven.  The service is super-friendly, the atmosphere is fun (although you'll wonder if they're violating fire-codes, cramming that many people into that small space), and the creme brulee is delicious and huge.  They even have a nice acorn-squash plate for your vegetarian friends (the fools).  
P.S. Skip the shrimp etouffee, there are lots of more amazing dishes to try at this place.We had the Bourdain balls for the appetizer that was great. Also each meal come with two sides and a salad. Portions were so very big. Too much for one person to consume. Everything was great.I manage to always get hung over waiters when I dine out who proceed to tell me. It's kinda funny, but at the same time I know this is why my food is taking forever to come out...
I ordered the seafood bouillabaisse, which was really good followed with the corn side and sweet mashed potatoes. Both outstanding. The cornbread they put on your table before hand was also phenomenal.
My friend ordered the dragon or King Kong, some crazy named deep fried crab which was enticing!
We also shared there famous Gator cheesecake which was bomb. 
Plenty of bottled Abiza in this joint, at $4 a bottle, you can't go wrong.
There entrees run on the pricier side, but come with two sides. If you're looking for something mouthwatering good, you'll have to part with at least $25 pre tip/tax and drink. Save up for this gem in the rough.
P.S. don't forget the truck outside!You will wait for a table for a really long time. DO NOT GET DISCOURAGED AND TURN AWAY! The food and service here is worth any lengthy wait time. I'm a New Orleans native who currently lives out of state and we make it a point to eat here every time we're in town. I always get the watermelon mojito which may sound gross or overly sweet but it is not. It actually has a ton of real watermelon at the bottom. Alligator cheesecake is a must have. I think next time I'll get it for my entrée. Don't be afraid to step out of your comfort zone and try the rabbit or venison either because you can not go wrong with anything on this menu. My one and only complaint is the bathroom situation. I'd rather use a port-o-potty outside than the ones in the restaurant. One is in the server prep area and one is tucked on the side of the bar. Both are onesies and not only are they hard to get to but if you have to wait there is no good place to stand, you will be in the way of the wait staff no matter what. The service is top notch and the wait staff/bartenders go out of their way to give you the Southern hospitality one would expect.Dear god this place is amazing. Came here for NYE dinner and at $70 dollars a head my expectations were extremely high. They were met and exceeded.
Five course meal of appetizers, soup, salad, entree and of course, dessert.
Since I came with three other people, we pretty much got to order one of everything and share, which added to the food party in all of our mouths. 
First came the warm, buttery cornbread with scallions on top. Then alligator cheesecake, fried eggplant with oyster sauce, scallops, and shrimp. Then oyster champagne soup and gumbo, then fried green tomatoes, seared tuna, more shrimp. By this point, we were all WAY too stuffed to even think about eating the lobster, crawfish and redfish coming our way - so we asked them to box it up with some dessert and they did! 
Not to mention, we didn't realize that the eggplant was drenched in oyster sauce until after my friend (who has a terrible allergy to shellfish) took a bite. The manager came out just to check on her and make sure she was okay, and offering to help in any way he could. Luckily her bite was small, so we were all ok and able to enjoy the rest of dinner - but it was evident that this is a place with truly excellent customer service. They genuinely care about the well-being of the people who dine with them and strive to make it a classy AND home-y experience at the same time.
Thank you, Jacques-Imo's, for giving me a true taste of authentic 'Nawlins cuisine and culture. Next time I visit, I will absolutely come dine with you again!
PS: BEST BREAD PUDDING I HAVE EVER TASTED IN MY LIFE. 
(and i generally don't care for it. )Dinner for 15 in private room. Food was excellent and the service could not have been better. Visiting from Los Angeles and thoroughly enjoyed everything about the evening. Tried the Alligator Pie and main course was amazing.  This is a don't miss place .It was delicious and totally worth the wait.  Try all the specialty items everyone writes about on here because it's totally awesome. Fast service, good food, must try!It's good; just good.  The decor was cozy; the whole setup is cozy to make you relax.  The service was perfect too!   The meal started with the freshly baked corn bread (yum); the salad with whatever it is good dressing (yum); and we shared this shrimp and alligator cheesecake (yumyum). Entries were awesome BBQ shrimps and blackened red drum and pork chop.  And four of us worked so hard to share the amazing coconut bread pudding!  Happily full :)Took the whole family there on a Minday night (yes, they are open).  Garlic cornbread was amazing.  We had both shrimp and crawfish etoufees were excellent.  Blackened redfish and salmon were also excellent.  Mussels were delectable.Worth the wait and the trek from the Quarter for the Shrimp and Alligator Sausage Cheesecake.  Hands down the best thing I ate in New Orleans, and maybe all year.  I even ordered a second!  We visited fairly early in the evening Friday night.  The hostess took down my cell # and said she'd text us.  Perfect!  Just about an hour later, our table was ready.
Our server was friendly and honest.  The other menu items we tried were very good.  Boudin balls and Paneed Rabbit.  The crust on the rabbit could have used a bit more seasoning in my opinion, but still very good.  We ordered a variety of sides that were all tasty.  The greens stood out to me, very flavorful.
Not to be missed if you have the time!First impression is that it is a run down highly decorated kitschy old house, a little tacky and very New Orleans. We were walked through the kitchen to be seated in a back room with bad acoustics. There was a smell of toilet and body order. 
All that being said the FOOD and SERVICE is amazing! We read the reviews to see what to order and most people said everything was good so we threw caution to the wind and ordered: fried chicken, Godzilla soft shelled crab, shrimp étouffée, acorn squash, mahi mahi, alligator cheesecake and every single thing was delicious. 
The waitress was so knowledgable about every dish and described them very well. She made spot on recommendations. Everyone was delighted with their meal. 
The watermelon mojito was perfect. Not too sweet and not too alcoholic. Rum and watermelon juice. 
And then to top it all off, in honor of our first visit she brought out a bread pudding and creme brûlée on the house. I didn't need anymore food at that point as each dish came with a spinach salad and a choice of two sides. (Great options-Mashed potatoes and corn I would recommend).
Just go here!I visited this legendary restaurant when my friends and I recently attended the New Orleans Jazz Festival '09. Neil Young was amazing, but Jaques-Imo's still ranks up there as one of the high-lights of the trip. I honestly thought I died and went to Creole Cuisine heaven. 
A friend who went to Tulane wrote me up a list of restaurants to check out, and Jaque-Imo's was one of those "must trys". My friends and I took a taxi to a remote area of New Orleans which seemed a bit sketchy, but once we arrived at our destination it was like we stumbled upon some outdoor patio party. Live music, oysters a la carte served right on the street, and a gallery we checked out as we waited for a table. The wait was long, but the food is well worth it. Plus there were plenty of friendly and colorful characters outside keeping us company. 
Once we went inside we went straight through the kitchen to a cozy and colorful back area. We were starving, and the food looked amazing (we did get a sneak preview as we walked through the kitchen), so we ordered right away. I ordered the alligator cheesecake, fried green tomatoes, and blackened red-fish, both which were incredible dishes. Were I not such a gentleman I would have cleaned the plate with my tongue. The sauces were amazing, and the food in general was angelic. 
On top of the incredible food the bar up front is lively and fun. They pour stiff drinks (if that's your thing), and there seems to always be a friendly local or two to chat about Jaque-Imo legends with you. 
I highly recommend you search out this out-of-the-way location if you're in New Orleans. I'm no local, but after spending my brief time in New Orleans this is easily my favorite restaurant in the Big Easy so far.Service!  I have never in my life had better service than I received here.  I will say that in general, the service is exceptional in New Orleans, but this place goes above and beyond even the norm for New Orleans.  I love that they have the kitchen in the middle of the restaurant.  You walk through the open kitchen to get to tables in the back and while walking through, all of the chefs welcome you so genuinely and kindly.  Our server and busboys were also very attentive, very friendly.  We brought our four year old daughter and had her just eat off of our plates.  Our entrees each came with a spinach salad with one fried oyster.  He brought an extra spinach salad with fried oyster for her, even though she didn't have her own entree- so sweet!  The salad and oyster were amazing btw!  When you first sit down, they bring cornbread muffins with a garlic sauce on top that are out of this world.  I'm drooling thinking about them and I am truly sad that I can't get them back home!  Another kind thing was that a piece of catfish was ready before all of it was, so our server brought it to us so we could start eating and brought more once it was cooked!  (I'm telling ya: service!)  We tried both the creme brulee and the coconut bread pudding.  I was VERY full, so they were hard to fit, but the creme brulee was the best I've ever had and the coconut bread pudding was the best bread pudding I've had too.  This place is a must try if you are in the Big Easy.Loved this place! We tried the rabbit legs and they were phenomenal. I loved the gumbo and have never had eggplant they way it is done here. Lauren was a fantastic waitress - the best we had all weekend. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants a meal with with allllllll the local flavor.I have been to Jacques Imo's several time and it has always been great!  I had the grilled Mahi Mahi and it was excellent. I have always wanted to have dinner on the table in the truck out front but never had the opportunity. Great place in the garden district. Check out my pic of the truck!I had very very high expectations, and they were indeed met. (I should say I'm a pescetarian). 
We called the same day and got a reservation for a party of 6.
The cornbread or corn muffins were outstanding. The green tomatoes were great, not as good as Eat's, but still remarkably good. I had the Cajun Bouillibaisse which was one of best meals in NOLA. Some of the other folks had the Carpetbagger, and really liked it. The shrimp dishes were, reportedly, great. I really liked their french fries too.
The bread pudding desert was excellent too.
Highly recommended.Very good quirky restaurant with authentic New Orleans quinine. In old house so layout and space is tight.After a really disappointing experience at another place, we made our way to Jacques-Imo's. Boy were we glad we did. When we arrived, there was an hour wait for a table. No worries, we grabbed a seat at the bar. Both bartenders were super friendly, and attentive, and made great drinks. 
The atmosphere was eclectic and fun, with lots to look at. We were seated right about an hour after we arrived. Our waitress was very nice, explained the specials to us, and took great care of us. 
My cousin ordered the Grouper with Crawfish Imperial on top, and absolutely loved it. We also ordered the Fried Grits at the recommendation of the very sweet couple next to us. They were to die for!! Oh my!! I also ordered the Boudin Balls, which were delicious and a bit spicy. 
The atmosphere in the dining area was SO loud!! It was a little difficult to hold a conversation. 
Overall, I would dine here again. The food was really great and the people working there were very friendly and attentive.I went here with a large group after I already ate 3 hrs prior so I just had the Seafood Gumbo. 
It was excellent.  The dish was wonderfully prepared and great size if you are not starving.  
You must stop here if you are in NOLA.   
This place tends to attract large groups and is next to the Maple Leaf Room for live music.Loved this place. They were very accommodating for our family with my special needs son in a wheelchair.  They brought out some cornbread with a garlic taste.  Very good.  I would have eaten more than one but we had a lot of food coming. They brought out a nice tasty and clean spinach salad.  That was one of my fibers for the day. We ordered the crab stuffed shrimp appetizer and boudin balls.  Both were excellent. One of their specials of the day was snapper on top of a bed of black beans, spinach, carrots, onions and mushrooms.  It was delicious.  My youngest son ordered the grouper topped with crab.  He enjoyed it but thought the snapper was better. My husband ordered the shrimp etouffee and loved it.     The mashed potatoes were a little cold and lumpy. The red cabbage side dish was good and my 2nd fiber dish of the day. Our waitress was very nice.  Enjoyed our visitAmazing food and service! One of the best dining experiences I have had in a long time! Our waiter was amazing, he was very knowledgable and fun to talk to. I had the fried chicken and it was amazing. However, if I went back I would get the Godzilla. It was a fried stuffed shell club and looked incredible. I would suggest this place to anyone, it was an awesome experience.I can see why this place is highly rated on Yelp with so many reviews! 
The place in interesting and eclectic. Service was excellent and efficient. Even though there were a lot of people waiting, we were seated faster than what was told. As soon as we sat down, the free cornbread showed up at our table and they were delicious!
The crawfish etoufee was highlight of my meal.  Great service and great food!Enjoyed dinner with close friends last Friday night. We sat in what I would all the annex - out the front door and in the building next door.. Appeared to be for big parties and we had eight at our table. The staff was attentive and recommended the alligator & shrimp cheesecake. An appetizer which was really tasty. Not dessert cheesecake mind you, but a savory version perfect to start our meal. Then our house salads appeared. Small, but the right size to start our meal. The dressing was light and tasty. Flavors of sesame and worcestershire were nicely balanced and helped prepare us for the main event.  A glitch occurred when we were served our neighbors dinners... At first the waiter apologized to us and let us know that the rest of our groups food would soon be on its way. When it was explained that we got food destined for others, we pointed out that in our effort to be courteous no one had started eating. The food was then taken from our table and delivered to a nearby table... For my main courseI enjoyed "blackened red fish", which while not particularly blackened was cooked nicely and perfectly seasoned. The wine list, while short, offered some variety and the zinn we had was good. This was not our first time at Jacques Imos, nor will it be our last.The roads are a little rough to get here and parking on the street can be difficult, but don't let those things deter you from waiting at this great neighborhood restaurant.  We got there at about 530 and there was decent parking along with plenty of seats.  By the time we left, there was a wait and no streetside parking.  The restroom is right near the bar serving station and the sink is outside of it.  The host stand is guarding the kitchen and seats you through there.  Kind of nice to see the staff work in the kitchen.  
After you get seated, the bring out an appetizer of cornbread mini muffin with garlic butter on top.  We started with the shrimp and alligator sausage cheesecake, that seems like most people get as well.  Whether it's the food channel review or the wait staff's recommendation, it was definitely a great starter.  It's not overly like cheesecake since splitting it in half did not separate evenly like dessert cheesecake.  It's a great combination of meats along with the savory crust in a thick cheesy combination.
For the main meal, I had the pan fried drum with shrimp etouffee sauce.  You could tell the fish was breaded fresh and it was light.  The shrimp added a nice touch to balance the fish.  I also had red beans and rice along with the corn maque choux.  My colleague had the New Orleans bbq shrimp which were huge yet were not overly sauced so that the shrimp could stand out.  His country greens were also a good side for his meal.  I wanted to order something light enough to have dessert.  Unfortunately, it was too much for me to bother with dessert but my colleague decided to get the coconut bread pudding.  I'm not a big fan of coconut but I decided to try it out.  I had about 5 tastes since it was so good with the caramel sauce.  Overall, one of the best meals and environments for a pleasant dinner away from French Quarter.Don't know where to begin. Went on the advice of a friend. So glad we listened. Phil served us and was patient as he walked us through the menu. We both ordered his suggestions and went with BBQ shrimp and Cajun Bouillabaisse. Great choices! The alligator shrimp cheese cake appetizer was as delishous as it is unusual.  No room for desert but chocolate dipped strawberries finished us off. This is a "do not miss" place in NOLA. I may schedule a return trip to NOLA so I can visit Jacques Imos again! I am sure all staff is great but it's a score if you get Phil.Delicious cajun and creole mix cuisine. Went in with a with a big party for my friends birthday party  and they accomodated us very well and our server was very friendly. Had the grilled duck breast and it was perfection. And we ended our meal with desserts, overall a great experience and we will definitely be back again.I was immediately intrigued the minute I walked in and realized that the only way to the dining room is to walk through the kitchen.. It's eclectic and cool . The Redfish  entree was delicious and the widely regarded "Alligator Cheesecake" was quite delectable  even the complimentary corn bread was tasty . Look forward to coming back to try more of the menu ..tomorrow perhaps!We sought out Jacque-Imos looking for a traditional New Orleans style meal, and were attracted by the great photos on Yelp. The evening started off strong with delicious corn bread muffins and spinach salads topped with fried oysters. We expected excellence per the prices on the menu (about $26 per entree). I ordered the shrimp étouffée with mashed sweet potatoes and smothered cabbage upon rave reviews from our waiter "the cabbage is slowly cooked down with andouille sausage and decadent spices". My boyfriend got the catfish with corn, beans and rice- "corn with a heavy cream, tomatoes, and peppers." Both dishes were very small and left little impression. I got one quarter round of sausage in my cabbage, and my étouffée portion was so light that it barely covered the bottom of the plate. We left just full enough (thanks to the complementary cornbread), but with the feeling we could have spent half as much and gotten twice the flavor and portion elsewhere.Overrated, loud and pricy. Tables are crammed.   The food is tasty but small portions.    Service was okay.   2 people ..split a meal w one appetizer and 1 glass of wine ea -- total $72.   Not a place for a quiet evening.   Also.    One very small bathroom (men& women) for the entire place.   A 10 min wait!My friend really wanted blackened fish so I found this place through yelp. Despite almost getting electrocuted by lightening and getting soaked by the rain, we still had to wait about an hour for this place. It was that busy which could only mean it was that good.
To start off, they gave us corn bread garlic bread. Oh man, it was so good. I don't like corn bread but this place made me reconsider it. They kept giving us cornbread which was not so good for my waistline. Next, we had the alligator cheesecake. I didn't even know where to begin with that just because the last time I had alligator meat was probably a decade ago and then to combine that with cheesecake? Well, we were all surprised. It was good so try it out for yourself. 
For the main entrees, we ordered the blackened fish and a po-boy sandwich. Both were soooo good! I love the bread on the po-boy especially because it was soft and had so much flavor. NOLA has so much good food and this place was no exception.This is really supposed to be 2.5 stars. 
We were stoked to try this place because SO many people said it was a "must do". The wait wasn't so bad for a Thursday night (45 minutes?) and the food was overall okay. My stars really reflect the value and the service. 
 There was no "kids menu" listed but apparently they have one....it's secret and so is the price. The cornbread muffins were delicious and the spinach salad with something that tasted like balsamic and Worcestershire dressing was a little wilted and the fried oyster on top was cooler than lukewarm. 
We placed the quick order for our kids first then our order about 5 minutes later. Our kids plates WHICH WERE ENORMOUS came out first then we waited, and waited, and waited..........our entrees came out no less than 25 minutes after our kids' food. They were finished, we were already full after a drink, a muffin, a salad and minimal picking at the kids food (they could have shared one plate, easily!) My chicken Pontalba was pretty good. The breast was slightly overcooked but camouflaged pretty well in a vat of Bearnaise. My husband's stuffed pork-chop had nice flavor but it too was overcooked. We sat and picked at our food clearly beyond the point of wanting to eat. 
Overall - overpriced, over-hyped and LOUD!!!! Great place to go and share and entree over a couple of drinks before going out. I don't like walking through an icky kitchen on my way to a super-cramped dining room. I honestly could have reached behind me  and stolen a french fry off they guy's plate behind me and I promise he wouldn't have noticed. We were definitely in each other's space. BTW - I'll tell you the secret.....shhhh.....the kid's meals were $10 and enough for a hearty pre-teen. Seriously.  Go if you feel the need to say you've been but  have a few drinks and you will worry less about the wait, the overcooked food and the price.WORTH THE WAIT!! Make a reservation and be patient, it's worth it. That towering dish with a soft shell crab on top....drool. Pace yourself, be hungry and try everything! Go with people that like to share because you all will have serious plate envy.As I sit here wanting to throw up ... I do not regret stuffing myself. I have yet to write a yelp review and this deserves one. We came to New Orleans for good food and this is the place. Best food I've eaten here and in my life (sorry mom it beats your home cooked meals). Every bite my boyfriend and I took our eyes closed as we enjoyed and savor end all the flavors. The shrimp creole and the fried chicken were spot on. The cornbread to start was too good to eat just one. The alligator, shrimp and sausage pie was OMG (never had alligator before). Don't leave NOLA without going here!This is one of my favorite spots in New Orleans.  It's relatively inexpensive considering what you get; however, it's also very popular so expect some insane wait times.  The atmosphere is totally crazy, not fancy at all.  Any attempted description will not do it justice so you'll just have to check it out.  The owner Jacques (Jack, also owner of Crabby Jack's) is a real character as well. 
I believe they take reservations for 4 or more.  It's a great place to go with a group of people, not just so you can make a reservation, but so you can get tastes of everyone's food!   
The meal starts with their delicious cornbread and salad.  The cornbread is perfectly crisp on the outside and moist on the inside (the pools of butter help) and the sprinkled chives give it just the right amount of flavor.  If the rest of dinner wasn't so amazing, I could stop there.  The salad is a pretty simple plate of greens with a balsamic vinaigrette, some pepper, and a single fried oyster.  It's so much tastier and more interesting than it sounds, somehow.  
The alligator cheesecake appetizer is one of my all-time favorite dishes, anywhere.  It's unreasonably good and hard to describe.  Whatever it is, exactly, it's not to be missed.  The fried roast beef po'boy (that's right, a full po'boy battered and deep fried) is pretty amazing as well, but I'm pretty sure once in a lifetime is already over the limit.
The stuffed catfish is unreal.  To call it rich would be a serious understatement.  It's not fishy at all, which is great for me as I don't usually go for seafood that's not shellfish.  The "Godzilla Meets Fried Green Tomato" dish (not always available) is pretty absurd as well.  It's two softshell crabs sitting on top of a couple fried green tomatoes.  Fantastic. 
I've never been able to save room for dessert, but, if it's anything like dinner, it's amazing.  Enjoy!
Favorites are: cornbread (comes free), alligator cheesecake (appetizer), stuffed catfish, Godzilla Meets the Fried Green Tomato Carpetbagger steakTotally overrated. The food is okay, but definitely not worth the ridiculous wait time, and space is super-tight once you get inside.I absolutely love New Orleans, Louisiana. So, when my birthday came around last year, I decided it was time for a trip to The Big Easy! We had an incredible time, due largely in part to the food!  I knew before arriving we were going to be having dinner at Jacques-Imo's Café at least once while we were there. It is located just a few minutes outside of The French Quarter in a suburb called Carrollton. This one-of-a-kind restaurant is located inside of a renovated two story shotgun house, which are staples in southern Louisiana. A shotgun house can be described by this one statement: You can shoot through the front and out the back door without hitting any walls. This not only adds immense character, it also provides a very welcoming environment. Jacques-Imo's has become so popular, art galleries have sprung up in the area looking to take advantage of the crowds and the business they bring. Most stay open later in the evening so hungry restaurant goers can peruse the art work while waiting for their table. It took about an hour for us to be seated which gave us more than enough time to stroll through the galleries.
I first saw Adam Gertler on the Food Network's Best Thing I Ever Ate describing the Shrimp and Alligator Sausage Cheesecake offered at Jacques-Imo's Café and I knew I had to try it! I was a little skeptical at first, not knowing what to expect. However, before even finishing the first bite, I was in love! It was unbelievable! The creamy texture balanced perfectly with the buttery crust.  The pieces of shrimp and alligator sausage were distributed evenly throughout the entire slice giving it a great rich taste. The sauce was spicy and velvety, a fantastic match for this remarkable creation. It is unlike anything else I've ever had!
I was well prepared for the appetizer portion of our meal; however, I was still a little undecided about my entree. Everything on 'this menu sounded amazing, which made my final decision very difficult. It ultimately came down to our server's recommendation: the fried chicken. She said it was one of their most popular dishes, and I can see why! It was juicy, flavorful and seasoned to perfection. This is some of the best fried chicken New Orleans has to offer! They give you a breast, thigh, and wing with two sides and a house salad! So much fabulous food! It smelled so heavenly that guests walking or sitting near us continued asking if it tasted as good as it smelled. I answered "Yes!" without hesitation every time.  For my sides, I ordered red beans and rice and seasoned corn. Both very good!
The dessert menu was rather small, having only two options. We chose the crème brulee. It was warm, creamy and torched to perfection, certainly large enough for two people.
This has definitely become one of my favorite restaurants in all of New Orleans. The atmosphere and the food are going to be very hard to beat!We have visited NOLA many times and have always put Jacques-Imos on our list. Unfortunately, during our last visit we were unable to make our way in due to a very long wait. But this time we prevailed as we were lucky with only a short wait. This is a dining opportunity that never fails us - lots of happy people, food beyond great and service that is top notch.  Lesson learned -  always wait as Jacques-Imos will not disappoint.warning: epic review (and epic pictures) for epic establishment.
the service:: unbeatable. i called the day before for a large party, but they were fully booked. i told the nice woman on the phone our plans were to get there right when they opened at 5ish, and she said we'd probably be okay. when i rolled in the next day with my party of 12, the host repeated that they were fully booked but went out of his way to give us the two tables outside. awesome. dustin and courtney, our two servers, were so nice and answered the many questions we had about the menu.
the food:: oh lord, where do i even begin? the meal started out with delicious cheesy-garlicky corn muffins with green onions on top. then we were all given a small spinach salad with a plum sesame vinaigrette and a fried oyster on top. after this, our appetizers came out. i'll make this quick: the shrimp and alligator cheesecake is a must. you know how the best part of food is usually the first bite? well in the case of the cheesecake, the LAST bite is the best--the "crust", if you will. it is THE perfect bite. the calamari was also good, not too heavy or drenched with oil. instead, it was drenched with garlicky flavor.
after the appetizers, the sides started coming out. all entrées come with two sides. i got the red beans and rice and corn maquechoux. though just okay on their own, it was spectacular after i mixed everything together. actually, all their sides are delicious. the fries are tiny and stringy and are perfectly salted, the collard greens are just a little bitter and absorb enough of the juices, and the mashed potatoes are fluffy and flavorful.
i consider myself very lucky to have been with 11 other generous people, because i got to try a bit of everything. my favorite dish wasn't even my own. i went with the traditional blackened redfish (which was yummy), but what really took the cake was the stuffed pork chop with ground beef and shrimp. holy moly. it was an explosion of flavor in my mouth. and the portion was GIGANTIC! dustin wasn't lying when he said two people could share it.
the chicken pontalba was also delicious (and that was a huge breast), mostly because of the amazing béarnaise sauce. so. creamy. the stuffed catfish with crabmeat dressing was great, as was the shrimp étouffée, the new orleans style bbq shrimp, and the fried chicken topped with pickles. boy was that fried chicken good.
the three things i tried that just didn't *wow* me like the others did were the grilled grouper (even with a tasty cream sauce, it was just..plain), the paneed duck (i like duck but the sweet potato shrimp sauce just wasn't cuttin' it for me), the stuffed shrimp with magnolia sauce (it was *too* stuffed if that's even possible..i didn't like how heavy the appetizer was) and the vegetarian delight (the thai coconut cream sauce just didn't blend well with all the cajuny flavors i had tasted prior to this). however, all the people who had these dishes loved them.
with no room left for dessert, we thanked our trusty staff and said goodbye to the rather large crowd of different groups that formed outside, waiting to be seated, since our arrival.
the friendliest staff ever, generous portions, and that authentic nawlins cuisine are the reasons why that line is so long.
i will be dreaming about this place for a very long time.I think Jacques-Imo's is one of those places that will NEVER change. I can't remember going there and it ever being different. In fact, the only thing that's changed is that it's just gotten more and more crowded over the years.
Speaking of crowds, GO EARLY. I think they only take reservations for larger parties, so go early. We went at 6:00 last week on a Tuesday and still had a wait... eek! If you do go on the later side, see what's poppin' at the Maple Leaf next door. Surely something great. 
The Fried Chicken here is SO good. It's so juicy, it may actually be too juicy. I've had the crispy, yummy, perfectly fried crust get a little soggy because of how juicy the meat is. 
All of the sides are so good. The chicken liver app (it's usually on the specials menu) is to dieeeee for! So good.Heard some really great things about this place...it did not disappoint! We ordered a lot of good and EVERYTHING was amazing. Must see if you are in New Orleans.Hard to believe that any place so popular could be that good, but Jacque-Imo's really is all that and a bag of chips.  
Had a small beef when the bachelorette party at the table next to us brought in some outside entertainment to perform while we were trying to enjoy our meal, but beyond that everything was perfect.
In addition to all the delicious food described by other Yelpers, one thing that I really appreciate is the small markups on the wine.  They could charge a lot more and easily get away with it, but they don't.  A lot of great bottles on their list in the $30-40 range.
So order another bottle.  Or two.  And let the good times roll.......I heard it was good from a lot of ppl so I tried out for myself. It's kind of small, a little to cozy for me. It was very pack so it was hard to have a conversation. We had a little friend (roach) crawling around near our table but I would expected from any restaurant. The service was good and the food was great ! Everything from appetizers to entrees was awesome. The portion is also great. I ordered the lamb and it was the best lamb I'd ever had.I was visiting from out of town and came here with some friends. There were six of us and had a reservation. It's a pretty small place so a reservation is necessary. 
The ambience is bustling, probably a little too noisy. We could barely hear each other. 
Now to the food. The "bread" was fried cornbread with a touch of seasoning on top. Very tasty. I ordered the catfish stuffed with crabmeat andhollandaise sauce. All entrees come with the house salad and 2 sides. The house salad were just greens with a fried oyster. It was good with a subtle sweet vinaigrette. The sides were corn sautéed in butter - amazing.Jacques-Imo's was a huge hit with my group. Nothing beats waiting for your table by drinking Jacques-imo's beers outside on the street on a warm night. Beware, the pork chop was HUGE. You're going to overeat, but hey, it's NOLA!