Yessss! When looking for fab food in a new city this is the place I can only hope to find! We had waffles,  vanilla french toast, crepes and spaetzle. It is all incredible! We all ended up passing our plates as the food is sooo good! Service is more laid back and slow but friendly and the chef is wonderful.Yum. Cold cherry soup. Fresh salad. Chicken. Yum yum yum.I was so surprised to find a German restaurant in the French Quarter (thank you Yelp)! What's even better is that it was a GOOD German restaurant!
After walking about all day in the heat and humidity of day 2 of my mini vacation, stepping in this cozy restaurant was wonderful! The air was nice and cool, the staff was friendly. Amazingly enough my boyfriend and I weren't all that hungry so we decided to have a couple of drinks and split an entree. 
We had bratwurst and knackwurst with red cabbage, kraut, and spaetzel which was more than enough to share! The sausages were great but the sides really stole the show! Not being a fan of cabbage I was very impressed with the red cabbage. Both the kraut and cabbage were both sweet and tart at the same time though they each had a flavor all their own. We was most impressed with the spaetzel! I have had spaetzel in a "true little German restaurant located in a true little German town" in Texas but it didn't compare to this spaetzel! It was moist and flavorful!
I was really looking forward to trying the dessert, but by the end of the meal I just didn't have the room! I did spy that they offered Viennese coffee which I was very interested in trying!
The next morning my boyfriend was kind enough to walk back to the restaurant to pick up a Viennese coffee to go. The coffee was wonderful (enough so that I had one every morning for the rest of my trip) but I was told the to go service wasn't as great. My boyfriend said the guy making the coffee and taking to go orders was a little rude especially since my boyfriend couldn't properly pronounce "viennese" with his spanish tongue...I bought a gift certificate to Jagerhaus from Living Social because I wanted to try new foods. Well, not new to me because years ago I was treated to an authentic German restaurant in South Carolina that was owned and ran by a German family that had defected to the US before I was even born. And I have to say, although the food at Jagerhaus was good it did not compare. I had the Reuben sandwich and sweet potato fries but the Reuben I had last week at Arby's was way better. My fiance, had the pork schnitzel which was also good but I bought frozen breaded pork patties at Sav-A-Lot that taste the same if not better. Not to mention the spaetzles was mushy and over cooked for him or even me when I tasted them. The fries he got as the second of his side items were the same as what Burger King sales.  The price is too steep for what you get, good thing I only paid $15 for a $30 gift certificate. Will probably never go back even if its free. The only good thing that come out of this visit was the very nice server.We just spent a week in New Orleans for Jazz Fest 2014 and found Jaegerhaus just wandering by on the way home one day. Because we were hungry for something different we ended up having dinner. What a great choice it was! Because we didn't just eat there one night, but ended up having 3 meals there within the next two days (2x dinner, 1x brunch).
Everything was great -  the salads are fresh, every side dish and appetizer (we had red cabbage, spaetzle and potato pancakes) is authentic and well prepared. The brunch items (Breakfast Spaetzle and Eggs Benedict) were superb with generous portions.
For dinner I had the Hungarian Style Goulash twice. It was both times outstanding. As background: I am born and raised in Germany and also know Hungarian cuisine very well having had this style of meal in Budapest many times. I am not exaggerating when I say that the Goulash at the Jaegerhaus is the best tasting, most flavorful and tender version of this dish that I have ever had!
This restaurant serves wonderful food - if you are in the mood for some fantastic German/European fare don't look any further. 
I'll be back there for sure next year for Jazz Fest 2015 and will have another helping (or two) of the goulash.This place is way over priced considering it's quality. Soggy flammkuchen made for a sad brunch. I've been a few times, never leaving impressed but always with sticker shock. Their saving grace is the friendly service and bacon Bloody Mary.In all honesty, this is more like a 3.5 review but since we can't do 1/2 stars, it's a 3. We were stoked based on reviews and our love of Austrian and German food, so we went today for lunch. There were only two tables and it took a long time for our food to come out. The Pepsi was flat. Our server did not smile, hardly talked, and was basically no fun. The ambience was not great but was not horrible either. We were shocked at how pricey some things were on the menu and thought we paid too much for the food we had, but it did taste delicious (minus the potato pancakes, we've had better). My husband was born in Germany and lived there on and off for 14 years, so that was the basis of our opinion and review. Good luck to this owner, who by yelp writings seems to care very much. It's great to have german food around, but at lower prices with friendlier servers!Definitely worth a visit if you are in the French Quarter and like German food. Mulled wine this time of year is a nice way to warm up. And the spatzel is freshly made - Yum!Jagerhaus is a very small restaurant just off the main drag.  Service was exceptional.  My husband had the Jaegerschnitzel was a bit tough. Gravy was really good had a good flavor. We mentioned to the server when she asked how the meal was, she quickly offered to replace, but he was halfway through his lunch.  They took the meal off with no questions. I had the Oktoberfest platter which was a nice portion.  It came with sauerkraut and red cabbage.  Both were perfectly prepared.  With out lunches we both had Spaetzle which was prepared two ways. I had the creamy sauce with mushrooms.  Mmmmmm it was outstanding.  My husbands was the traditional and was just as good.  I would go back again.The women at the bar was warm and lovely but trying to get a table, the waiter was nasty and offering unrealistic seating arrangements. The restaurant was more than half empty and wanted to put three people in a two seated table.My go to breakfast/brunch spot when i didn't want the traditional cajun/creole fare. Always delicious!Funny little place, I was dubious at first.
Our concierge mentioned to us that they have the best coffee in New Orleans. We walked by and it looked like a bar, but we decided to stop by the next morning for a late breakfast.
So the eggs Florentine- awesome! And the regular coffee they serve in a bottomless cup- great!
Then we tried it for a simple dinner (So many fabulous New Orleans heavy cream sauced dinners, we needed a break) Once again- just easy and reasonably priced. Good vegi burger and fries, and an excellent German beer on tap.
Another day we stopped by just to have coffee and and German Chocolate cake at the bar- once again perfect.
So at five stars I don't want you to think this is gourmet or the best designed restaurant in America- it isn't. It is trying to be many different things, and oddly it does them all very well at a reasonable price with good service. Yes please!If I could give this place a negative rating I would. The service was slow and terrible. The waitress was so rude to us! The bartender was nice and apologetic for the terribly slow service. But the waitress kept making snide comments every time we asked her where our order was. The food was awful. I barely touched my Eggs Benedict because it was so tasteless. Will never come back.This is clearly spot on with authentic German style.  The Spaetzle was the one dish I was looking forward to the most.  Great to see a classic beer soup on the menu.
I order the pork schnitzel with creamed spinach and spaetzle.  I was thoroughly impressed.  The cutlet was breaded perfectly, juicy and moist on the inside.  The spaetzle was a stroll down memory lane.  I simply love this potato pasta and it's a rare to find a place that makes you smile with every bite.  I had a frosty Aecht Schenkerla Weizen which complemented the dinner well.
To top it off, we ended the night with a piece of Chocolate German Cake.  Yum!Dont be worried when you walk into what appears to be a cafe. It is indeed a delicious German restaurant. 
Dining with a German food newbie, we got the munchin plate to sample a little of everything.  We were promtly notified that they were out of meatloaf (which was nice instead of finding out after we try to order). We subbed Schnitzel for the missing meatloaf and asked for mushroom cream sauce on the Wiener Schnitzel with no issue.
The veal Wiener Schnitzel (now Jagerschnitzel) was the best thing on the plate. Grilled Bratwurst and steamed Knackwurst (1 pork, 1 veal) were all tasty but the beef Bratwurst was the best of the 3.  The Pork Schnitzel was dry and the breading was soggy. It taste as though it was frozen. The Bavarian pork chop was my second favorite on the plate. Well seasoned and not overcooked. 
The plate is served with spaetzle, German potato salad, kraut, and red cabbage. All less seasoned than I would prefer but still pleasing (perhaps I'm just accostomed to overly seasoned American food).  The spaetzle was a bit chewy but I think thats just how spaetzle is?
Overall I enjoyed the meal, although a bit expensive, and would return again for the Jagerschnitzel.Way to go Jagerhaus!  I have to admit I was not expecting much from this hole in the wall restaurant.  I've dined in Germany many times and have one of the nation's best German restaurants here in Plano, TX so I expected standard, going thru the motions German cooking.  I was also a bit bitchy about being talked into a German restaurant when New Orleans offers so many other regional appropriate venues.  I was very wrong.  The beers came and I became a bit happier (who wouldn't), very fresh and tasty.  We then had the sausage plate and potato pancakes for starters.  The dishes were full of flavor and the highlight was the warm, sliced German pretzel served alongside.  What a hit; we fought over the last few bites.  My other half had the jagerschnitzel and it was very tasty.  Nice, rich and full of flavor.  The star of the show was my pork shank.  When the waiter delivered the meal he told me that he would be very surprised if I needed anything more than a fork to eat it; he was right.  The pork was beyond tender, seasoned perfectly and melted in my mouth.  The sides, red cabbage and sauerkraut, were prepared perfectly.  My mind was changed.  This is an excellent restaurant on its own merit and a great escape from the daily creole (yes, I said it).  Next time in NOLA, I will go back.The best German food in town. My friend and I had the tour of Munich plate that served everything you would ever want. Veal Wiener Schnitzel, Bavarian pork chop, German meatloaf, grilled Bratwurst and steamed Knackwurst; served with spaetzles, German potato salad, kraut, red cabbage and mustard. Everything on the plate was excellent especially the pork chop, Wiener Schnitzel and sauerkraut. The only drawback is that they don't have any beer right now due to an expired liquor license which put a damper on the party. Will have to go back to get a schooner of HefferWeizenSitting at the window, I saw more than one potential patron scan the menu, peek inside ... and go elsewhere.  "Come on in!" I want to shout.  "Jagerhaus is really good!"  (We like this restaurant better than most of the places we tried in Germany!)
Let's start with sides.  Their red cabbage is a smidge better than their sauerkraut, both being finish-the-last-forkful good.  I'm not a fan of spaetzles -- too doughy for me -- but T. is, and he likes theirs.  I opted for creamed spinach, which was rich and delicious.
We both enjoyed our entrees:  German meat loaf (real comfort food), and the sausage plate with knackwurst and bratwurst.  In the past we've had schnitzel and sauerbraten -- all authentic and delish.
To round off our meal I had a glass of cabernet -- a deal at $3.50, and my husband ordered  German lager.  We split apple strudel a la mode.  (Truth be told, I could have polished off a piece on my own.)
Our waiter was efficient and pleasant, the atmosphere, well.... basic.  (I'm happy watching the Conti street passersby, when I sit up front.)
If you've been hesitant about dining at Jagerhaus, live in the fast lane and give it a try.  While I recommend their German specialties, you can always wimp out, and order American here.Great food, great beers, and good service. This is a small restaurant with good German food and a large German beer selection. I recommend this cozy restaraunt.This place is so effing good I had to add it to Yelp.
Spent a week in NOLA and ate out every meal. There's only one place we dined at twice--Jager Haus.  It's that good. And affordable. If we had found it earlier in the week we probably would have gone there even a few more times.
Details--small German bistro, clean, simple decor, cool owner, awesome food, serves beer.Stopped in for a light supper. Had soup and spaetzle. Server was very polite, beer was delicious, and atmosphere was friendly. Entrees seemed a little pricey to me, but I'm a bit of a spendthrift. If the rest of the food is as good as the soup, I could see spending some money in here.We loved our brunch at this place.  The traditional flammkuchen-like a filo dough pizza crust with bacon,  onion, chives, & brie - was wildly delicious as were the biscuits.  Staff was helpful and everything else was good.It's next door to a bigger, fancier place that advertised Oktoberfest; checked them out but, they lacked the draught beer selection I wanted.
Decided to give Jagerhaus a look.
Winner.  Spaten and several others served in three sizes.
Since it was near our hotel, we tried it out for breakfast and were very impressed with the menu, the quality of the food, the service.  Later that same day, went back for Spaten, had a little food.  Very happy.  Next morning, another hangover breakfast.
Several of us agreed, it was a steady performer.
Ummm, we did go to some cajun and creole places too.  And late night music on Frenchman's  but Jagerhaus was a good surprise.  It's small and on the quiet side which is kind of nice at certain times of the day.Was in New Orleans for New Year's Eve. We hit up Jagerhouse our last night in the city and it was definitely worth it. The sausage plate was delicious. They also have a meat beer which is worth a try or two. Will go here again next time I'm in New Orleans.Still great after all these years! 
Once again, so good I had to eat here twice in one trip. Which is saying a lot in a city filled with so many amazing culinary experiences.
Still the best schnitzel, pretzels, spaetzle, etc. in NOLA!
Friendly staff too.I'm a big fan of German food and I did enjoy my meal, but it was not as great as I had hoped. I had the goulash and it was really tender and good. I also had a bacon bloody Mary. It sounded amazing, but was really nasty. Way too salty and harsh.i would have preferred a normal bloody with a piece of bacon in it.
My husband had Jäger Schnitzel and again, it was good but not great. I must say that I am comparing it against my favorite German place in Dallas, so I don't know which has the more traditional German food but I do know I prefer my local place over this. With so many great food options in NOLA, I would skip this and go for some gumbo or a po-boy.I am kind of grumpy. Love the food, but Yelp and their website says they delivery, but they do not.I came here with a co-worker because I wanted to try their flammenkuche. It's my absolute favorite dish at Luke, but wanted to try Jagerhaus's take on it. Well, while it had a good flavor, it didn't match the level of Luke's. And it was the same price as Luke's! (Jagerhaus flammenkuche is $12.95 and Luke is $13.)
The menu said the flammenkuche had brie on it, but I didn't see a trace of it. There was something crusty on top of the flammenkuche, almost like overbaked parmesan cheese, but it had no resemblence to brie. The bacon, while not monster 3/4" x 1.5" chunks like Luke, had a really good smoky taste and melted in my mouth. The caramelized onions were good, the crust was perfect, and the fresh green onions on top really brought the dish up a notch. In fact, I wish Luke would add fresh chives on their flammenkuche. But the lack of discernable cheese was a bummer. It was also not as big as the one at Luke...I was able to finish the one at Jagerhaus and at Luke I always have to get someone to help me finish it.
Service was kind and well-meaning, but scatterbrained. We also tried to use a restaurant.com gift certificate, and were told that they don't accept it anymore. I was embarrassed because now my co-worker had to pay full price and we were expecting a discount. 
It's a cute, sunny place. Probably won't an effort to go back, though, now that my curiosity has been satisfied. Might eat there if I'm in the Quarter, I'm hungry, and I happen to run into it again.The Bavarian Crepes at Jagerhaus have caused me to question my atheism.
A shot of the spiced espresso after your meal may cause you to leave Jagerhaus and run Forest Gump style  through the streets of New Orleans.Service was verrrry slow.  Food was just okay.In my experience it is rare to go to a restaurant that has good food but have the whole experience be ruined by how awful the service was.  The Jagerhaus is one of them.
  Upon entering the establishment, our presence was not acknowledged and my girlfriend and I waited an awkward several minutes waiting to be seated... Unfortunately not because the restaurant was busy, it was quite the opposite, but because the hostess was behind the bar doing God-knows-what.
    Everything on the menu is overpriced, however the food is actually pretty decent. I had the egg casserole while my girlfriend had the breakfast spaetzle, which was well portioned for the price.  I wish there was more of my casserole, but I walked out not feeling overly stuffed but decent.  We also shared a 7" Belgian waffle which was extremely overpriced at $6.  That was just for a plain dry chewy waffle comparable to, and probably more expensive, than Ihop.  
My girlfriend also had a mimosa which was also a waste of money at $5.  She complained that the orange juice was bitter and she was cheated out of the strawberry that the menu had stated was the garnishment.  Though the drink was pretty heavy on the alcohol,  I'm sure my girlfriend may have been happier if making her drink didn't chew up 8 minutes of precious parking meter time and was made with quality juice.
The restaurant was pretty clean, if only the staffs mouths were as well.  The consistent use of F-bombs by the hostess was pretty frequent. Just say no this place.A hidden German gem right off Bourbon. Ordered the jaegerschnitzel and schnitzel. Delicious.... Spaetzle and great German beer complimented the meal well. Very well known for their coffee but did not try... Family went for the German chocolate cake instead. This place is well worth the Bourbon St price.Is this place still open? Tried to go last night couldn't get through by phone. Walked there anyway and the lights were off at 7pm. We like this place, but am confusWe were here for dinner on a Sunday and it was very quite, with a steady stream of people grabbing coffee.  Vastly over staffed with four people, the employees were kind of just hanging out, which is fine by me, and our server did a good job.  We had the potato mushroom soup, which was delicious, and a salad to start.  Not sure what the salad was called, but it had feta and blue cheese and a bunch of veggies, and everything was cut up very small and the veggies were plentiful,  an awesome salad that we might go back for when we need a little veggie boost.  For entrees, I had the veggie burger, which was probably microwaved, but fine, and she had the burger, also fine.  We had some coffee drinks for dessert that were quite good, too. 
So far, we've had terrible luck at restaurants, and as we eat through the French Quarter, we like this restaurant more and more.  Simple, fresh soup and salad and solid if unimpressive entrees.  Win.Food is delicious!! I love German food and their meatloaf is devine. It melts the second it hits your mouth. I grew up around a lot of Mennonites and the sauerkraut reminds me of my childhood!!Husband and I stopped in here on our first day visiting New Orleans. Restaurant was nearly full at 6:30pm but we were seated promptly.  They were out the beer we requested so we tired the Aventinus on draft and it was great. We started with a Bavarian pretzel which arrived hot and had two sauces with it that were both really tasty. For our entree we shared the Munich platter which was excellent and gave us a little taste of everything. It was large enough that three people could easily share it. Great first meal in the French Quarter.Three of us ate at the Jägerhaus  tonight. We all had the Chicken Paprikash. Absolutely great. The chicken was tender and moist; the sauce tasty with a paprika flavor and not heavy; the Spätzele were light and tender. We have had this dish elsewhere including in Hungary as well as it's being a family dish, so we feel qualified to comment.
The Schwarzwald Berry dessert was first rate with berries of various kinds interspaced with layers of vanilla ice cream and topped off with whipped cream with almonds.
The beer on draft included Weihenstephaner Hefeweizen and Warsteiner Lager as willo as Opimator. The beers we had were fresh and well served. 
Service was quite good. Highly recommended. Five stars except the ambiance left a bit to be desired.We had breakfast here twice during our stay in the FQ.
Both times the food was excellent. 
On our first visit we enjoyed our waitress, Baby, who taught our family a new game to play while we waited. We were disappointed not to see her on our second visit and last meal out in NOLA before going home.
The food is dang good. Try the Sweet Potato Waffle if you're into waffles and if you are a French Toast person, my daughter swears they have the best she's ever had. 
Both hubby and I really enjoyed our dishes as well. He had the regular eggs benny while I had the Florentine version. Both are delicious. 
If you need a larger breakfast than what your hotel provides, this is the place to go.
We regret not trying their regular (very German) menu...I guess we saved it for a repeat trip!Our server claimed that this is where to find the best coffee drinks in the French Quarter and I believe she was right.  The food is very good, too.  We ordered the SAUSAGE PLATE which came with grilled Bratwurst and steamed Knackwurst served with kraut, red cabbage and choice of spaetzles or German potato salad.  It was flavorful, but the German potato salad is usually a little more "vinegary" than what is served here.  The service was great.  We will definitely return.Great place! We split the Munich plate between me and the hubby it was superb...not to use overindulgent words but I was seriously impressed. The food had me licking the plate. We also had the beer flight...the only reason this place is a 4 instead of a five is that was missing one beer that was on the flight and one of the sausages off of the munich plate. Cion  was our waitress and she was a complete delight. My experience was just lovely. Thank you!Attempted to try this place with my sister during Mardi Gras 2016. My sister asked for an item to be removed from her meal (restaurant claimed this to be a substitution).. Anywho, she was told there could not be any substitutions made. Ironically enough a Caucasian woman sitting next to us was able to add ingredients in her meal just fine. We never got the chance to eat because of our treatment; we refused to be treated any differently than the other customers!! I will not recommend this place because either there was some kind of discrimination going on, or dare I say a case of racism. There were plenty of other places around the area that made us feel right at home.The food was fantastic... It brought me back to Oma's cooking. Very authentic and a great break from the seafood so readily available.. Took a friend from Iowa there since she's sketchy on seafood.. She loved it ( got the burger ) I had the bratwurst sandwich, also tried the Wiener schnitzel with side of red cabbage and German potato salad sooooo good . The staff was really friendly and service was fast!I'd read reviews and decided to try this place.  Went at 1pm and they were observing the much more expensive dinner menu!  Service was fair.Amazing. We couldn't decide what to order so we settled on the sampler. Wow. ALL of it was amazing. The knock wurst, bratwurst, sauerkraut, all expertly prepared! Our waiter Tim was well versed in the food and beer. Must say the sauerkraut was mouthwatering delicious and the various "wurst" dishes were amazing! Will def be going back!!!!!They serve an excellent breakfast. 
We had a place in mind and it was closed so we went walking down the street and found this very tiny cafe and it was GOOD. Service is slow but the waiter doesn't mind telling you it's the cooks fault. LOL
We had a great time and it was all worth the wait.I don't typically love German food but this place is great. We were here on Sunday night. For an appetizer, I had the huge pretzel. I also ordered the Sheppard salad and there was a very generous amount of delicious goat cheese on top. We all left stuffed. 
Our waiter Tom was awesome. Not only was he a great waiter with a hilarious personality but he gave us better tips and recommendations about NOLA than you would get from your a frommers book. This guy knows his stuff.
And this is a nice place to eat close to Bourbon St without the craziness of Bourbon.This place is a hot mess. We came for dinner and drinks and sat at the bar. The bartender is awful. She was having communication problems with staff and customers. She had her back to the place the whole time, missing everything going on. She ignored my drink order until my husband asked in Spanish. We tried to order food, and found they were out of sausages (and red wine, hence the hard to order drink). they charged me for missing sausage but the bartender didn't know how to fix it. so a waiter had to help her run my card and then refund my card. Food was ok but not worth the time and frustration.Felt a taaad guilty on our first trip to New Orleans, in the French Quarter, visiting a German spot, but once the food arrived - the guilt vanished. Optimator and Schneider Weisse on tap was enough to get me through the doors, but the Reuben sandwich made me want to stay. Oh, but I didn't get normal bread on this Reuben... No, no rye for me. What contained that delicious corned beef, swiss and saurkraut, you ask? TWO POTATO PANCAKES. 
It was a regular double-down. And it was delicious. My only qualm was that I would've liked something other than fries for a side, since my sandwich was massive and potato-y enough. Some fruit maybe? Just kidding, just tell them you don't need a side, because YOU WON'T.Food 8/10
Service 6/10 - one waitress 
Mojitos 59/10 - seriously the best my wife has ever had. 
All in all we are very happy with this place.Aventinus and an Oktoberfest plate. Breakfast of champs.
Great food and great beer list!Excellent beer menu! Knowledgeable wait staff. If you enjoy quality beer, this is the place. Close to the "action" on Bourbon street, but such better quality.I read about this place in a couple of those touristy brochures/magazines but you know the recommendation can be a hit or miss. Is this highly lauded place really worthy of the praise or did they pay for the accolades? (Can you tell I don't trust those touristy brochures/magazines?)
We stumbled upon this place on a walk one morning and since I had read about it an since we stumbled upon it I figured it was fate that led us here. Upon entering we were greeted by Angel. What a bright, shining light of a person. So full of energy....and I haven't had my coffee yet! Cozy & cute this little German eatery is small but we were lucky we were up early. I ordered an iced coffee (which was VERY good) & sat back to look at the menu. Everything looked delicious: German pancakes, breakfast spaetzle, crepes...and what is this? Flamm'keuche? Yes! Flamm'keuche translates to flame cake which is a "pie" cooked in a wood fired stove/oven. The one that caught my eye had eggs, salmon, spinach topped with swiss cheese. Sold! H opted for the Classic American (how boring!!). 
Breakfast was a bit slow but worth the wait! The Flamm'kueche looked gorgeous! I quickly snapped a pic and dug in. While most would call this a pizza, the crust is a German pasty so it is not a "hands on" meal. You have to be civilized & use a fork & knife. The uber-thin crust was tender and the combination of eggs, spinach, cheese & smoked salmon was divine. The pie is on the big side, two can easily share. H's breakfast turned out to be a delight also! He loved, loved the sausage & grits. 
Quaint, off  the beaten path & a great staff makes this place a hidden gem off of Conti, for those of you lucky enough to stumble upon the place.Very good food and beer selection is great. They make the best coffee too! I would give it five stars but the last time my husband and I ate there, it was Mardi  Gras morning and had terrible service. I think they must have hired some temps. ? The waiter totally overlooked me we both ordered coffee and he only brought one cup, I waited another  five minutes and I had to flag him down to remind him that I ordered coffee too. He only brought enough sugar and cream for my husbands coffee so I had to borrow some from the people next to me. While we were waiting to pay for the bill I used there restroom and when I returned the waiter had given my husband his phone number! How unprofessional! Clearly our waiter hated women and was only interested in the male customers. He was also ignoring the table next to us( two women) . What a shame! They have such great food and drinks. I don't care what anyone's sexual preference is but if your in the service industry it pays to be nice and respectful to all customers!What an awesome surprise! I don't think I've ever experienced authentic German cuisine before Jagerhaus.  So good! The meatloaf is amazing...Perogies are a must have. Very small, cozy space. Very much worth a visit.Everyone should go here, except I sort of hope they don't because it's hard enough to get a table sometimes as it is. Jagerhaus is weird little place tucked away in the Quarter that seems to be a favorite with locals rather than tourists. The food is delicious and the prices are just right. Try the Jagerschitnzel and don't miss the deserts. Their hamburger is also great, but it's basically an entire German food platter on a pretzel bun. It is served with a steak knife to help you get through it, if that helps you picture it. 
This place is worth making the trip into the French Quarter.Probably a bit biased writing this as the owner of this establishment was also my host for my airbnb place. Still doesn't change the fact that this place serves some superb German eats for a reasonable price.You can only have crawfish boil and po boys and beignets for, maybe 5 or 6 meals back to back, before you start looking for new flavors; and just so happen, right after the Jazz Fest on Saturday we were looking for that something else, and eventually we settled on German foods.
Since both of us were a little famished, which you would think was unlikely especially right after the Jazz Fest and all the vendor foods there, but we were. Wasted no time, we made our orders, and got blackberry mojito and hefeweizen in hands before we finished our brief conversation with the nice girl who brought us the drinks.
Ok, so the Oktoberfest plate was as delicious as I thought; it was like a meat party in my mouth, with all the veal frank and bratwurst and knackwurst, sitting nicely on top of red cabbage and spaetzles. Annie decided the Jagerschnitzel was the best choice for the night, and she may be right. It will leave you wonder if you ever tasted a proper schnitzel; it will leave you wonder if you will ever taste a schnitzel as good. Well... maybe not that dramatic, but it was damn good that night.
If was define worth out effort to walk down here.So, I didn't eat here the first time I came here because the bartender was really rude(this was about 9 months ago). However, my husband and I decided to eat breakfast here our last day on our honeymoon. Best. Speatzel. Ever. Seriously. I got the breakfast spaetzel with Gouda cheese and an English muffin as well as a mimosa and my husband got the spaetzel omelet with a biscuit. Mine was better than his I think. Still, this is the best food we've had since we have gotten here! They only serve breakfast on Saturdays and Sundays but boy are they worth the wait. Much better than the cafe in our hotel. They also have a full bar and a full coffee/cappuccino/espresso station and they use Italian coffee. I definitely recommend this place for breakfast and/or brunch. PHENOMENAL!A friend of mine was going on and on about this place. So, I figured it must be good I have to give it a chance. I went about 6 o'clock at night. As we entered the place it was rather small but cute. We sat next to the window which one side was open it was a nice night so I wasn't to worried about that. But next thing I know we have a drunk woman almost in my lap cause she has falling into the window. This isn't the best side of the quarter and it showed with the people outside.
Anyways on to the food. I ordered the reuben (which is my favorite sandwich and I have had them from California to Tennessee to Katz Deli in New York) and sweet potatoe fries. The reuben was rather small and not very impressive so I moved on to the fries they were over cooked, hard and cold. The german beer selection is very good and it was very tasty. 
All in All I really doubt I will be giving this place another chance cause their are to many good places in the quarter to eat.This is a review that is strictly concerning breakfast.
My wife and I went here twice while in New Orleans recently for 5 days.
On both visits I got the Farmer's Omelet that is filled with bacon,  ham, onions, swiss cheese and SPAETZLES!  It is an incredible omelet!  I fell i love with it!  I want another!
On one visit my wife got the Sweet Potato Waffle and absolutely loved it.  The other time she got the basic breakfast of eggs, bacon, hashbrowns, and toast.  It was one of the few times that she got her bacon cooked exactly as she likes it.
One last thing:  the coffee is perfect and comes in larger than average cups.  That alone deserves 4 stars!!Delicious x 3!!! I had the bratwurst po boy and a warsteiner beer, and it was to die for! Everyone around me said they all loved their food too. Highly recommendThis was such a great change because me and my husband were sick and tired of cajun/seafood/creole food.
It was my first time trying German Food an loved the spetzel and the beef with a mushroom looking gravy. Delishhhhh!
The restaurant its a little pricey for the kind of food they serve but its worth a try!
Service was great and location as well. We were staying at the dauphine new orleans hotel so its was a hit to have it right by. Def is worth a try if you are tired of the cajun creole seafood around the area.The Jägerhaus reviews did not disappoint! This is a wonderful food option if you want something other than the traditional NOLA food choices. The food is tasty and the beer list makes for a welcome change. The weiner schnitzel was delicious.During a trip to New Orleans, I found Jagerhaus on Yelp because it was next to my Hotel and had a lot of good reviews. We ordered an omelette with potatoes and toast and a latte coffee. There seemed to only be one server for the entire restaurant and I could tell he was a bit in the weeds. Our food took awhile to come out, and it seemed that there was only one cook in the kitchen as well. The food and coffee was really good, but if you're in a rush and the restaurant looks full, I would not recommend stopping here. There is a bar, so I'm sure a coffee to go wouldn't take too long though. I will come back here during my next trip to New Orleans' famous Bourbon Street district.We ate here for lunch one day and breakfast another day.  We all loved this place.  Yarda and the staff are fantastic and they make some great food.  Loved the potato pancake pastrami sandwich as well as the eggs benedict.  Yummmm.  Also our server from Hungary (sorry forgot your name) made a mean bloody mary.  Thank you so much.  We will be back next year. :)I have eaten here a couple of times and I really enjoy this place.  The chef is right there cooking in front of you.  The restaurant is not very big and they also serve expresso and other coffee concoctions.  They have a yelp deal and are also on restaurant.com so it is nice to eat at a great place and get a discount.
I really like the atmosphere here and I like the food.  I have nothing but good things to say about this place.So I guess you can't expect too much for a German restaurant in the French Quarter, the food was just ok. I has a wiener schnitzel which was over fried, the spaetzel was drowned in sauce; the bright portion of the meal was the potato salad, but even that wasn't seasoned enoughStopped in for breakfast and it was good. I just had a basic breakfast of scrambled eggs and a biscuit. My friend got the farmers omlet and she said it was really good. The service was good and it is also very reasonably priced for the area.First of all let me say I met Yarda the owner of Jagerhaus. He is a dedicated individual that truly understands customer service.
The food was a real pleasure and their coffee products were a delight. I always prefer to help out the small growing coffee and restaurant establishments over the monstrous chain places.  Jagerhaus  has a type of charm and authentic taste that is hard to mass produce.
Washington DC,Excellent meal and German food! I got the Jaegerschnitzel, which had the best creamy, mushroom sauce that I ever had! I would make a drink out of it because it was so delectable. The bed of spaetzle was wonderful as well. My table received a complementary shot of warmed, fruit-flavored wine, which was perfect for the chilly evening in the French Quarter. The waitress was both friendly and helpful. 
The only downside I could come up with is the back of the restaurant, where the waitress and other staff were organizing dishes and utensils. It became noisy and disrupted the ambience of the charming set-up of the restaurant. Other than that, great place!German food in NOLA?  YES!!  This is the place to be if you want to try something different than the standard New Orleans fare.  I was there on a late Saturday night and really wanted to try the pierogies, but they ran out of them.  I went with fried zucchini (fritte) appetizer and a bratwurst po-boy.  Now, zucchini is a very simple food and somehow Jagerhaus managed to turn it into an amazing appetizer.  It was lightly breaded and fried to perfection.  It came with a dipping sauce but the zucchini was so good, I didn't use it.  The bratwurst po-boy had the best sauerkraut I have ever tasted.  It was light and slightly sweet and unlike anything I have ever had.  There was a brown sauce on it that neither enhanced nor detracted from the sauerkraut.  For dessert, it was a toss up between apple strudel or german chocolate cake.  I went with the chocolate choice.  Amazing!  We had great service and our waiter was very attentive.  There is also a breakfast menu that sounded good, but I didn't try it since there are so many other places to try.  We had breakfast at another place and it wasn't very good so I wished we had come back to Jagerhaus.Beers were great & the food was delish!  I had a raspberry beer & the munich salad, my Mom had the pecan beer & german burger. Would recommend either drink/dish! Good to beta little break from all the traditional louisiana food. Prices were good. The wait wasn't too bad either - definitely worth it!this place was awesome except their choice of music . their food was amazing, brought back a lot of memories from the last time I was in Germany . I got the pork snitzel and let me tell you my stomach was so satisfied. it was my fiancés first time ever having German food and he loved it ( he had wiener snitzel ) the spätzle is also amazing and the beer is very good . I had an awesome time there and I'd recommend this to all my friends and family . thank you jägerhaus for an awesome time and great food !!!!!I really didn't like this place. The food wasn't very tasty. I've been to Germany many times, and I've been to many places in the US that are German. This place is a tourist version of an attempt to do German food.  The spazle was about the best part of the meal. They had ran out of most of the beer on tap. [How do you do that for dinner service?] The portions were small. The sauce wasn't very noticeable, and I had hoped that the schnitzel would have been breaded. The price of the meal and one drink was over $30. After all this 2 stars seems generous.
If you want good German food in the US go to Waldhorn [Charlotte, NC], you'll actually pay less than here for it as well. I realize that this doesn't help the reader, but once you've been to the Waldhorn, you'll have a high level of quality to judge others by.
EDIT: I added another star because a person representing the business messaged me and showed interest in the review.I have dined here with friends and family on several occasions and it has been a wonderful experience. Not only are you in one of the coolest cities in the world but the food is delicious and the service is wonderful. Grab yourself a nice European brew and enjoy the food!We wanted something different than the regular French quarter fare and decided to try this place on our last night here.  So glad we did. Not only was the food fantastic but the service was great as well. Try the wolf martini, it's different but so good!Food took a bit, but wasn't disappointed when we finally got it.  Started off with a pretzel, which they ran out of cheese sauce.  Not the end of the world, but the cheese sauces are typically very good.  Now on the the main course, the Ruben, which was extremely delicious.  This sandwich had me really impressed.  Anyway, even with a couple negatives (slow service, no cheese sauce, ran out of one of their beers on tap), I'd still recommend coming here and trying their Ruben sandwich.I can't really give a solid review of the food here, as we weren't really eating dinner, but stopped in for a beer and snacks.  They were out of the curry wurst, which kind of confused me...how hard is it to keep the ingredients for the curry sauce around, and bratwurst.  Not that tough, people.
We ended up getting 4 pretzels and two half-liters of beer and that ended up costing like $42 with a 20% tip, so I thought that was maybe a little outrageous.  But the pretzels were decent, and the mustard was definitely "scharfer senf". Total blew up my sinuses.  It was awesome.
The beer selection is decent, the majority are German beers, and other continental (Czech) beers.  I don't remember seeing any Belgians - just the stuff more truer to Germany.  Larger bottle collection, only 4 beers on tap, which is fine.  Included the Aventinus Weizenbock, 2 Spaten beers (including a premium lager and their Optimator Doppelbock) and I think a Bitburger pils.
Funny Story: Two men, a younger woman and a very young son came in and sat at the table next to us.  I had my back to them.  They were German, and I could pick up a little of the conversation.  I thought it was kind of funny if you would fly to New Orleans only to go to a German restaurant. But I guess if it's later in your trip and you get a little tired of eating all the really good food in New Orleans, you might get homesick.  But then the lady ordered a Bud Light, which almost made my head explode, and one of the men ordered a cheeseburger. BOOM. My wife said the German woman was having a hard time finishing that Bud Light.  Tell me about it.This was such a great change from Cajun and seafood here in Nola. I grew up with a German grandmother, and am picky about my bratwurst, red cabbage and German potato salad, but this was perfect! The German potato salad was my favorite. They were out of the desserts we wanted to try so I can't comment on those, but I have no doubt they are also amazing. GREAT service (thanks Jason!) and very reasonably priced for this area.The food was great! We stayed across the street at the Prince Conti hotel, so we ate here 3 times. The country omelet was really good and so was the coffee. The service was prompt and courteous. Honestly our waiter was so nice that my mom kept trying to get me to leave him my number. Gotta love moms. He is cute though. ;)  We would definitely return if we ever come back to New Orleans... and hopefully that cute waiter will still be there. ;)I was in NOLA on business and walked past this place. I was surprised to see a German restaurant in the Quarter, and I was hungry and wasn't in the mood to eat at one of the standard tourist traps, so I popped in for dinner. The place is on the small side, about 15 tables or so. It was well maintained and the service was friendly and reasonably prompt (the French Quarter Festival had just started, and every place was busy). They didn't seem to have any plastered tourist types, which was a blessing. They have a good German and other continental beer selection, though.  I went with may favorite German fare, Jagerschnitzel, with red cabbage and spatzle as sides. The schnitzel was lightly breaded, not greasy, and tender, and the spatzle and cabbage were well done, too. I like German food, and the menu seemed to have a good selection of the classics you'd find in alot of German restaurants (sausage plates, potato pancakes, etc.) . They were out of the apple strudel for dessert, but with the FQF going on, they get a pass on that. I like German food, and all in all, I was pleasantly surprised by the place. I visit the Crescent City once or twice a year. When I'm in that part of the city again, they'll get a return visit.German food was not what I was planning to dine on during my visit to New Orleans this past February, but as soon as I saw the sign 'Jager Haus' I had to ditch my friends and go in for a German beer!
I got to talking to the bartender and ended up staying for awhile, eventually one of my friends doubled back to look for me and we both stayed another hour!  The Czech bartender told me they had bratwurst and even though I wasn't that hungry my weakness for bratwurst was too overpowering to say no.  It was so good that I had to go back the next day for another.  
*note I am going to butcher the spelling of this next dish - I learned French, not German!*
I tried spatzl (?) the German pasta type thing for the first time ever and now I'm hooked!  The staff was friendly and service was quick both times and the prices were more than decent.  I can't wait for next Mardi Gras almost solely for the Jager Haus and Angeli's!!!The schnitzel was wonderful, both on a sandwich and on its own.  The spaetzle was extremely good, very creamy.  Good portion size.  The beer was outstanding.Decided to try something different for breakfast while in town and it was awesome.  We were not disappointed. My boyfriend had the FLAMM'KUECHE which was an extra thin crust brie and onion pizza with bacon, crème fraîche and scallions - never had anything like it before and it was great.  I had the spaetzles breakfast with pasta dumplings scrambled with eggs and topped with Swiss cheese - yum!  A tasty and unusual choice - and NOT crowded on a Sunday morning for breakfast.Not much to eat if you're with a vegetarian, but a very cute place.  The wait staff seemed way overworked the night I was there, like they weren't completely prepared for as many diners as were there that night.What an amazing place! I spent most of my New Orleans vacation seeking out good food and this place was a standout. The location is central but just off a main street so not overwhelming. Unfortunately it's been a really long time since I ate here so can't remember the exact dishes I got, but the potato pancake appetizer and chicken on orzo pasta were both great choices.Ausgezeichnet!  German food that is authentic and fast. The very BEST Spaetzle we ever had. An excellent choice of European beers, and a knowledgeable bartender. Its off the beat in French Quarter without being too long of a walk from Bourbon or Decatur. A very, very nice find in NOLA.Killer mushroom and swiss hamburger!!  Yes, I ordered a burger at this German restaurant. Had I gone in for dinner I would have ordered sauerbrauten...but this was lunch.  Cooked medium rare per my request, the burger was juicy and tons of flavor.  Toppings were falling all over the place when I took a bite, like it should.  Just really great and cooked perfect. Love their fries too.  A crispy touch to them, which I like!
This German restaurant really satisfied my Midwest American craving in Cajun Country.  I'm spoiled by Michael Symons BSpot in Cleveland, but have to say Jagerhaus hangs with the best of them when it come to their burgers.
~note: Service was good too.  Although we were the only ones in the restaurant at the time...I think maybe the owner served us.  Really  personal and obvoiusly intent on getting it right!My Louisiana Food Hounds are truly blessed... not only are they in one of the most incredible places in America for fantasmic foodie bliss; but you also have Jagerhaus right in your backyard!  For those of you who are NOT in the know, this place one of the top German restaurants on Conti who rocks Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner like it's going out of style!  An interesting tidbit of info is that the owners of the establishment are all from the Czech Republic; so you'll find a lot of Czech & Hungarian influence in the cuisine.  As their style of cooking is heavier (with the use of cheeses, etc.), the meals are heartier which intensifies yummification!  Since Etan Wish and I made our visit around Brunch; we opted to take full advantage and sample their Breakfast and Lunch offerings!  
We started out with the Flammkuchen; which is actually a traditional German treat... thin crispy crust topped with an array of goodies like apple-wood bacon, brie cheese, caramelized onions and crème fraiche!  The caramelized onions stand out in this pure party taking place on your taste buds - sweet, savory and utterly kick-ass... WIN!  The Bavarian Crepe was SoOo delish; smooth and creamy Hollandaise sauce drizzled over an impressive crepe with the works!  All the flavors co-mingle to create a well-blended flavor behavior that explodes in your mouth; while bacon strips on the side seal the deal to make this dish a house favorite.  The Sausage Omelet was ridiculous... New Orleans ALLIGATOR sausage (Oh Damn!) and Chaurize sausage infused together to create an intense flavor - there is a lot going on inside this perfect little breakfast platter!  Surprisingly, they actually serve alcohol here from 8am and have a breakfast cocktail menu to prove it... Etan decided to give the Apple Wood Bacon Bloody Mary a shot and was extremely pleased.  They actually blend TEN strips of Nuesters (High Quality & Very Lean) Bacon into the mix, spicy beans and more bacon strips in order to create a spicy; but not overbearingly hot - untypical Bloody Mary.  Reminiscent of a liquid BLT, this drink was unique and tasty!  I enjoyed a Cool Cocoa Espresso with a triple shot; Mmm... like a cold version of Hot Cocoa; but with a quick pick-me-up... perfect morning drink!
Next stop was the lunch bell... ring(a)ling(a)ding!!!  Our starters were off the hook and included a Knack Kebab - a Knackwurst (similar to a hot dog), smoked bacon and onion; served with Obatza - a smooth and creamy cheese sauce that was BOSS... the Bratwurst was slightly salty and scrumptious - tender and served with a pretzel.  German Pancakes were potato pancakes made fresh (for maximum deliciousness); lightly crisped on the outside with special care taken to be warm, not oily and moist on the inside.  Top five I've had ever - you'd think that this is an easy dish to prepare; but in actuality it takes special attention to ensure non-burnage and an overly oily outcome!  The Sauerbraten was sweet and tender with a delish creamy Gingersnaps sauce; a beef pot roast that is set-up and left to marinate for days - then roasted until becoming fork tender... nice!  The platter well portioned and served with German style pasta known as Spaetzles (YUM) and red cabbage.  The BIG WIN for this perfect meal was the German Meatloaf - it was sincerely astounding and I wish I could have indulged in more of it!  Two nice-sized slabs of savory, meaty goodness - drowning in delectable mushroom gravy known as Jager-sauce... WELL worth the trip to NOLA!  We finished up with samples of a couple of their cocktails including the Dirty Dirty - a double dirty and delish drink that is tart, sweet; but most of all refreshing and used between courses to cleanse the pallet.  Everything was outstanding at the Jagerhaus from the service, the food and the overall environment... make sure that when you visit; unbuckle your belt a couple of notches... you'll be leaving full and in bliss!My partner and I went here often when we lived in the CBD and loved it as a special treat.  We got up very early this past Saturday for no reason and decided to take our bikes over the ferry to see if it stilled lived up to the memories.  It definitely did!   My fav meal of theirs is the breakfast spätzle.  It's warm gooey goodness all the way.  The espresso offerings are very good, though I usually stick with the never ending cup of coffee.  
One this particular visit the waitress seemed a bit frazzled from the rush, being the only one taking orders there that I could see, but she was sweet and we never had to wait for our coffee to be refilled.  We were also surprised with how quickly our food came!Went for breakfast and enjoyed everything even though the waiter was a trainee and was a bit discombobulated he did OK and the German breakfast was good and interesting instead of the same boring eggs Benedict or pancakes.Had the  Kuchen thingie dingie & it was amazing. They took a little while, but it was worth it! Everyone scarfed all their food & coffee down with a yum-yumIf you are looking for authentic German/Austrian, this is not it. But that doesn't mean you won't enjoy it. I did not order any "traditional" German food. My mushroom potato soup was more Americanized (read heartier) than the German variety and my salad was not an afterthought.
Pros: pretty quiet atmosphere -even on Friday night, good service, decent prices and a variety of non-fried foods.
Cons: the menu items that sound like they should be authentic German were not done well. My Austrian husband had the sauerbraten, which needs to be marinated well before cooking. Lets leave it at it wasn't.  It was a bland version of beef with gravy.Meh.  I would give this place a pass noting that we are in NOLA and yeah... Cajun is king.  But then again I would have to give Luke a pass and they definitely don't need it.  So sorry Jagerhaus, I just have experienced better.  
I was really excited to have the jagerschnitzel with the mushroom sauce and spaetzel.  Until the spaetel arrived and it was just tons of dough.  The pork was rough and overcooked and depended heavily on the sauce for any type of seasoning.  I will give the sauce an A as it was well seasoned and buttery to my liking.
Also, loved the fact that they offered sample gluhwein on the entrance as the weather was so chilly.  Made sure to take some mulled wine to go to face the cold weather.
I am sorry Jagerhaus.  I wish we could have been friendsies.Bartender is awesome. Mojitos made with real fruit. Mimosas $5The veinerschnitzel was very good everything was cooked well the wait was about 12 min.  Overall not exactly like the real thing but the beer is I give it a thumbs up!We stopped in for a quick breakfast and the service was awful, the waitress/hostess was rude and not friendly at all. There was a large bug in my friends water, she took the glass but never replaced it, the drinks we cheap but had little to no alcohol, the food took forever partly because there was only one person cooking, which for a Sunday morning seems unreasonable. Overall it was the worst meal and experience we had dining in New OrleansWe ordered the Munich plate and found it to be abundant and lots of variety of good food. The hot mustard was salty to both of us. But everything else was great. We drank the fruity Schneider Adventinus that was good 8% and bold flavored. Will go again and try breakfast there.This place is AMAZING. Now, I'm not a huge burger person or anything, but the German Burger is quite possibly the best burger I've ever had. Just thinking about it makes my mouth water....gahhhhh. " 1/2 pound ground angus beef topped with havarti cheese, kraut, and grilled bratwurst; served on pretzel bun with side of german potato salad and red cabbage." my goodness, just PLEASE go give this a try if you're in the area! You won't regret it!Excellent, authentic Bavarian fare. Great selection of German beer. Freshly made goulash. And the breakfast menu is insane - and served until 2:00 pm for those of us who are late risers! Complete comfort food for us German kids.Very delicious German entrees. Attentive waiter and wonderful coffee! Good change up from the normal Cajun grub you get around this area.The German Burger was amazing - hard to describe how good it was.  Only downside is my mouth wasn't big enough to eat a full bite of burger & sausage.  Quaint/warm atmosphere...definitely a European feel.  It was the cleanest restaurant I've been in NOLA.  From a veggie perspective it was 4 stars - surprisingly a lot of choices.  They are trying hard - reward them and go visit.  You'll like it.Great reviews by Yelpers led us to this German restaurant.  The yelp page told us they were open at 9 am for breakfast during the week, went there for breakfast but alas they now open at 5 pm during the week, so we planned to eat dinner here, sure glad we did.  The Saurbraten, spaetzle and red cabbage platter was tender and tasty, my wife and I shared this and an appetizer of fried zucchini, we were happy campers when we left.  Our very very personable and overachieving waitress, Patti, asked us if we'd like dessert, yes ...we'd love that but don't have any room for it...after this vacation I'll have to sign up with overeaters anonymous....this  was a great alternative to Cajun....can't eat it 3 meals a day can you....?Excellent place for breakfast in NOLA. I loved it. This was an unorthodox choice or breakfast since we were in FRENCH quarter nut knowing that Germans are kinds of breakfast we knew this was a good idea. The place had all the classics plus some things worth trying for the first time. My sister had some sort of a breakfast pizza while I went for the omelet to keep things conservative. Everything was delicious and the coffee was made the right way. This place even had grits which I tried for the first time. 
Good Food. Good Staff. Great Atmosphere.A group of stopped in for lunch on a Fri. afternoon and we all left stuffed and happy!! The restaurant is simple and cutely decorated. Our server was not the friendliest at first but she got us everything we needed and it all worked out well in the end.
We started off with the European Cheese plate-- Great selection, big enough for 4 of us to nibble on and enjoy.
The Bloody Mary was awesome! Spicy & flavorful--Perfect start to the day!
I had the Jäger Schnitzel w/ Spätzle-- Absolutely delicious!! The light cream mushroom sauce was lovely, the spratzle was freshly made and yummy,
I really wish I saved room for desert since it sounded lovely but I think the spratzle expanded in my stomach and I was stuffed! 
Great prices for lunch time and an excellent value for the area. Overall a wonderful experience and I will be back the next time I'm in NOLA. Jagerhaus I wish you I could take you back to Boston with me!Food was ok. Mustard had to much horseradish in it. Overpriced, especially for dinner. Additionally they were out of a lot of things (beer, food menu)My husband and I thought this restaurant was excellent. I had wiener schnitzel with red cabbage and spaetzle.  The meal had two big Schnitzel.  Cooked perfectly.    My husband had the reubin sandwich with potato pancakes for the bread part.  Again it was huge and superb. Good prices for the amount of food.   I highly recommend this restaurant.The food is good. The prices are right. The beer comes in liter mugs. What's not to like? The constant traffic in and out of the door for specialty coffee. German food and double non fat extra whip mocha lattes? Weird. It kinda ruined the experience of dinning.Our experience at Jagerhaus was terrific.  We enjoyed breakfast there twice during our short stay in New Orleans.  The food and the service were both outstanding.  We were staying close by while on our honeymoon and were lucky enough to meet some people in the neighborhood who suggested we try Jagerhaus.  Amanda really took great care of us and we'll definitely be back on our next visit.Great food, just off Bourbon, at decent price.  Service not the best, and air was broke or off, so was not the best experaince, but would go back.The food and the beer aren't the only things that are great about this place, the service and atmosphere are also great here. The owner checked to make sure we had a good time and we had a photo shoot with the customers. Overall a good experience.Descent coffee, but the Belgian waffles are great. My wife rates the coffee higher, but that is due to their use of real wiped cream, which also comes with the waffles.
Also loved the jäger omelet. One caution on the waffles, they are sweet potato based, so if you don't like that flavor, you may not like them.My boyfriend and I have been here twice for breakfast. The first time was amazing and they let me have spatzle instead of hash browns. They cooked the eggs and bacon perfectly! Second time they wouldn't let me substitute but the food was still amazing.Excellent German food!!!  I had the zucchini fritte and it was excellent.  I also tried the German potato salad as well and it was great.  Nice selection of German beer!  The only downside to our visit is that the cook was not available so there were several items that we could not order.One of the few places open Christmas morning, we were welcomed by their nice waitress and delicious coffee.  I got their Bavarian breakfast Wrap and my husband got the Bavarian Crepe.  We liked both, although I like his better than mine.  (Hollandaise - yum!)  Would definitely recommend it for a low-key, quiet breakfast place.  Other places open on Christmas had lines out the door and were crowded and noisy.  Thank goodness, we found Jagerhaus!On two separate trips to NOLA we stop ped in here. Once for dinner which was fantastic. I had the Jaeger Schnitzel and my husband had the lamb. Both were cooked to perfection!  My husband of Swiss-German descent stated the food was excellent and authentic. It reminded him of living there as a child. The next two visits were for breakfast and that also did not disappoint. The spatzle and eggs was wonderful as was the omlette. Service was prompt ans wait staff was friendly. We will be back again should we find ourselves in NOLA!Love this place! The atmosphere was small and peaceful. The decor was nice. When I was there, it was decorated for Halloween. The wait staff was very friendly. I love German food, but I am limited in my experience with it. I ordered the snitzel with the spaetzel and German potato salad. I was not a fan of the German Potato salad. I have been a fan of it ever since I ate it the first time in Columbus Ohio. The rest of the food was delicious and the presentation was beautiful. The service was fast and friendly. This was probably my most enjoyable meal in N'awlins. They also have really great European coffees.We love to travel. We love to travel for food. And we always make room for a German restaurant in each city we travel to. Having said that, recently I told my wife that I was done searching out German food.  You see we just kept having bad meal after bad meal and I was ready to throw in the towel on the entire food genre.
We made a reservation at Luke for Saturday night, but our plans changed and we couldn't make it - so I did a search on Yelp and found Jagerhaus. I thought, it's in the Quarter so it must be for the tourists (like me). 
Boy was I wrong.
We showed up around 4pm and this small place not on the beaten track (but not exactly off the beaten track either). It had more of a trattoria/bar feel to it.
We started with a soft pretzel with mustard while we looked over the menu.  It came out soft, warm and salty. Delicious. 
We ordered some potato pancakes and a salad. The potato pancakes were crispy on the outside and light on the inside. Perfect. And the side of apple sauce and sour cream were great. And the salad, although basic, was nice after a week of rich NOLA food.
For our meals we had the jagerschnitzel (veal with a mushroom cream sauce and spaetzles) and the chicken paprikash. Both were out of this world. The schnitzel was tender and thin with a flash frying coating and swam in a delectable cream sauce that required my ordering some bread to soak it up. The spaetzles were a perfect texture and taste.
I can taste it now. Yum.
I love this place and it is now on my list of musts when visiting NOLA.
On a trip where we ate some of the best food we have ever eaten, it's hard to point to a champion but my schnitzel gets the award for best single item I ate on our week long trip and the meal as a whole gets the award for my best meal.
http://www.jager-haus.com/How this restaurant ONLY has 223 reviews is beyond me!  We stumbled upon this hidden gem by pure luck!  We had no reservations and were trying to find a dinner spot in the french quarter on a Saturday night before the big game...and impossible task we came to find out.  We see Jagerhaus and think to ourselves...German food in the french quarter...it was this or a hot dog on the street and my husband decided to try this gem.  Waiter Brian was fabulous!  He got us set up with our beer and warned us that it might be 30-35 min wait for food to be ready.  We had potato pancakes to start...excellent...my husband had pork shank and I had knatswurst and bratswurst.  Let me just say that every bite was heavenly!  This place had good quality food...we went back on our last night of the trip!  A must really if you need a break from the amazing cajun food...amazing alternative.  Brian will treat you the best!Not impressed with the Wiener schnitzel
My wife and I visited this establishment on a Groupon. I ordered the Wiener schnitzel and hollandaise sauce white asparagus and potato salad. My wife got the sauerkraut and corn beef and she said she enjoyed it. My dish was only mediocre.  The hollandaise sauce was a bit bland and the white asparagus were tough. The potato salad was not too fresh and was by far not too good. Only thing that was good was the Wiener schnitzel which is a battered fried piece of veal.I love being surprised by the hidden gems in our fair city. Jagerhaus treated me to one of those surprises last Sunday. Close to the loud bawdiness of Bourbon, attempting to lure customers in with a giant blue tacky placard (I guess you need to get people's attention some way), is a really solid restaurant sitting across from the Hotel Conti in the French Quarter. The inside is very quaint and reminds me of a café or small restaurant in Europe. Although there is a very casual feel to the place overall, the tables and the food are not typical café fare. The German beers on draft are excellent. I tried both the Hefeweizen and the Spaten and recommend both. To start, I shared a fried zucchini appetizer with lemon aioli. The thin coated lightly fried planks were delicious. This being an early dinner and my hopes to have no leftovers to carry for the rest of the night, my friend and I split the schnitzel entrée with warm potato salad and red cabbage. I loved that they served our entrée in two separate portions! The chicken cutlet was nicely breaded, juicy and delicious. The sides were also very tasty and a good compliment to the meal. My friend had the German chocolate cake to finish and I was a little disappointed that they had an ice cream version of my beloved Black Forest Cake, but no cake itself. Our server was also the bartender and later I found out that he is also the owner.  He was very attentive and friendly during our visit. 
Overall this was a very nice unexpected meal so close to Bourbon St. I will be back to try the breakfast as well as enjoy more items on the menu. It may not be the most authentic German restaurant in the world, but delicious food at reasonable prices in the Quarter is always a blessing. Highly recommended.Really enjoy this place- great burgers and great entrees.  I've had a few meals there, but the german meatloaf really stands out and the spaetzles are really good.  Remember, German food isn't exactly light, so you will be leaving full.Food was great and service was amazing. Very cool place off of bourbon. The lattes were great. I ordered the breakfast flanmuchen. Tasty and huge. Could probably share it. I'm 6'5 so that gives you an idea of me saying sharing it. My wife got the sausage omelette. Tons of flavor and huge as well.Went for lunch and the food was absolutely outstanding! I had the German Meatloaf  with sides and it was excellent. Great selection of beer and very friendly service. Coffee at the end was very good as well. I had no idea, but they have a really excellent take out coffee bar!I visited Jagerhaus a few times during my week long visit to New Orleans. It was located across the street from my hotel and it was a convenient and pleasant place to grab a good breakfast during my stay. The spatzle and eggs dish is absolutely delicious and the homemade biscuit was the best I had in New Orleans. 
The service was very good and the staff was welcoming. This is a cozy little spot with great food. If I ever find myself in New Orleans again, I will definitely be back!Yes it's German food in New Orleans but the food has been so bad there the last few times that I will no longer go. I used to go all the time to have a home cooked meal since I am originally from Germany . And the first two times it wasn't good I figured they were having a bad night so I went back to try again . And they were just as badThe food was great. The only thing better than the food was the service. It's great too see a break in the seafood, poboy, oyster party line. Is this the best German food in the world? No clue, but I was far far far from disappointed. Great beer selection too.Absolutely amazing! Beer, food, dessert, service all 5 star! It's nice to feed my German cravings down in New Orleans. Will be back without a doubt!Best place for breakfast in the French Quarters! Sweat Potatoes waffles are wonderful and enjoyed the fresh fruits too!My mother, her friend and I went here on Saturday night July 18, 2014. We ordered the german pancakes which were very good. I had two appetizers for my dinner- the cheese curds and the zucchini fritte that was awesome. As we were almost finished eating I glanced over and saw a MOUSE crawling by a table and then 3 of his friends!!!!!! We all put our feet up on the chair and immediately told our waitress. She went over by the table and saw them. She told the manager who looked about 20 years old. He went to the table and said I don't see anything and walked back to the kitchen! The waitress was getting our check and another mouse ran right behind her legs. There was a table of 3 guys who also saw the mice. When the waitress brought the check which was $92.00 we asked if they could comp my dinner which was the 2 appetizers, a value of $15.00. The 20 year old manager said he cant do that bc he would have to talk to the owners and they weren't there. We asked him to call them and he said no he could not do that!!! He was not apologetic at all and did not care that we had an experience like that!! I will NEVER go back to that MOUSE infested place again!!!!!!! Totally disgusting!!!!!Authentic deutsches restaurant in the quarter! Extensive European beer list. Potato pancakes appetizer were light and not too filling. Jaegerschnitzel and spaetzle were very good. 
They also have a honey flavored vodka called Barenjager...order it...great aperitif and it burns sooooo good!Went to this place for dinner. Fairly good selection of German beer, and the veggie burger was delicious. However, the best part of the meal was the Apple Strudel a la mode. It was the right amount of sweet, and absolutely amazing. Would recommend going to this place!Really good food! I can't give it five stars because they ran out of a couple of things while we were there (one of the sausages and one of the beers) and the pretzels bites were slightly over cooked. Service was very good. They made the best Bloody Mary we've ever tasted! They chopped up bacon in the Bloody Mary! Let me reiterate.... Alcohol and bacon in one serving!!! We had a few dunkels and a flight of beers too. The variety tray of meats is more than enough for two people. We will definitely be going back.Great spot for lunch in the Quarter.  I do miss the lunch special, though.  The goulash is great as is the spatzle.I eat at Jagerghaus at least weekly. Their coffee is surprisingly incredible, and the food is great, whether you go all in German or you kick it with a burger. The staff is really funny and friendly and the prices are pretty reasonable, considering we're in the middle of tourist hell. My fav thing about this place is how clean it is, though. Eating in the French quarter can be a challenge. It's deep fried  bar food everywhere you look, but jh staff keep the place almost OCD clean and I've never so much as had a watermark on my spoon. Thanks y'all!My husband and I both took German as our foreign language in high school, so we were really excited to find a German restaurant on our vacation! The food was really good and the staff was friendly. It also seems like a great coffee place.Had a great breakfast here while in New Orleans for the weekend. I got one of the breakfast flatbreads and loved it! It was so flavorful. The service was quick and the staff was friendly. I wish I could have tried their lunch menu as well. Would definitely come back!OSU and German food fans rejoice!!! You have found a fantastic place for German/Hungarian food in the heart of Creole NOLA. We are always on the lookout for good restaurants like this. My husband travels all over, loves German food, and this is one of his favorite German restaurants now. In fact, we want to return to NOLA next year, partly so we can eat at Jagerhaus again. We ate here twice it was so good. Highlights: the pretzel, meatloaf, sauerkraut, spaetzle with mushroom cheese sauce, sausages, flammkuchen (breakfast flatbread), and an excellent beer selection. Great service, and clean. If you've been to Schmidt's in Columbus OH, this is the next level up. Way up.cold and cloudy hefeweizen, and the food yummy was in town for 5 days and ate her two of them..... and yes I know German food.Great German food.  We had a platter with lots of great meats and sides.  We were stuffed, and the food was awesome.  Great selection of German beers as well.  I have been dreaming about a chance to go back and eat there again!I do not post yelp reviews very often and have recently become very skeptical of yelp reviews in general. This visit has now confirmed both yelp and this restaurant are a joke.
I have been to Germany and know what traditional fare is. 
I ordered the Jagerschnitzel with cabbage and spaetzle.  ($21!!!!!!!) The veal was not pounded thin, but rather 2 thick medallions. The sauce was so salty it was completely inedible.  The server did not even comment when she took almost a full plate of food away. This restaurant does not care at all about the quality of food they put out or if the customers expectations are even closely met. They have given up and I suspect the doors will be closed soon.
Do not believe any of the other reviews here. This is as close to German food as Arby's is to a fine steak house. Avoid this place at all costs, go to the hot dog cart for a better meal.
Shame on you yelp for allowing this sham to go on and same on you Jager house for stealing people's money for so long. I would have asked for mine back if your staff even once bothered to ask how the food was. This I suspect is due to them knowing exactly the answer and waiting for the curtain to finally come down.This is a really consistent and quality cafe that serves a nice little assortment of draught beers.  Food is excellent  Owner is very friendly.  Service is good.
Good for breakfast, lunch or dinner.  Or just a beverage.Another rainy day in NOLA. I've been anticipating JagerHaus for a few days now, since the concierge at the Ritz said it has the best coffee in town. Alas, they don't do weekday breakfast, so I waited until today. I'll keep it simple. The vibe is unpretentious, quiet, diner or old cafe. Great mellow, not top 40 music. Frank and the owner / manager guy look like they got some sleep, unlike most of the folks I bumped into wandering over at 9:30a. The like Iced soy latte was excellent. Frank recommended the spaetzle eggs. Basically, an egg scramble with spaetzle, ham, onions and Swiss cheese, slathered in crystal's hot sauce and server with some whole wheat toast. Great start to a rainy day. Love love this place and the egg entrees are hefty enough to share. Don't expect anything fancy, just comfortable. I'll come back later this week for the alligator sausage. Oh, and Frank is kind and diligent. I love when people take simple jobs seriously.Interesting, a German restaurant in the French Quarter.  After overdosing on cajun/creole, German sounded strangely appealing.  The knackwurst skewer was a gigantic big fat hot dog sliced up between onion slices and bacon and a side of mustard ($7.50).   Enjoyed my munich salad ($9.25) of mixed greens, artichoke hearts, olives, egg, tomatoes and cucumbers, but drenched in vinaigrette.  Bavarian pork chop ($15.95) was tasty and the sauerkraut and mashed potatoes went well with it. Apple strudel ($4.50) topped the meal.  Ultimately, big portions and a bit pricey, but all good with beer.Great food and really fun staff. A nice break from the French Quarter bar scene!I'm not sure why this place has so many 5 star ratings; the service, alone, was mediocre at best. Furthermore, if multiple items are not on the menu, explaining what is/isn't available might make ordering easier. Nobody likes a goddamn Easter egg hunt. Lastly, 20 minutes for 2 sandwiches is atrocious when there were 2 other groups in the restaurant which were both seated after ours. What's more, a party of 6, which again, came in after us, we're served first. 2 ppl vs 6 ppl - and no, our order was not complex. However, the food was terrific and well exceeded our expectations. Definitely a must try if you're in the area. Just be patient and try not to rage out on the waitstaff; the food is worth it. Solid 3 stars.I've eaten here 3 times with 3 trips to New Orleans.  The first 2 were outstanding and the last well, I should explain.
The first 2 trips, the food reminded me of my 5 years living in and traveling all over Germany.  The service, the aromas, the tastes, the restaurant and the fellow patrons.  
My last trip, we did it to ourselves.  It was late, our group was large and all had lived in the Benelux region for many years.  It takes time to prepare many dishes and a party of 10 was too much.  Although the staff tried, it didn't go well and absolutely not their fault.  
I look forward to visiting there again and enjoying the flavors!First and foremost, I should say that I would give this restaurant 4 stars, but the beer issue knocked them down to three. I went on a Saturday night and couldn't resist the sidewalk sign advertising German beer next to pictures of schnitzles and spaetzle. However, upon attempting to order said beer, we were informed that they were experiencing "relicensing" difficulties and would not be serving alcohol for the foreseeable future. So we ate our food with a couple of waters, a literal buzzkill.
The food itself was pretty good though. Not mind-blowing or a meal I had to rave about to my friends, but pretty damn good. I had the chicken paprikash and my companion had the weiner schnitzel. I couldn't complain about either. (Although I was disappointed that they had no "vegetable of the day" that day. I mean, really, not a veggie in sight?)
My final note is about the atmosphere. As other reviewers have mentioned, it does not look like what you might picture when you hear "Jagerhaus." It looks much more like a cafe, perhaps one that would offer free wifi with your skim latte. I realize that I'm in New Orleans and not a Munich beer garden, but it would be nice if the owners would at least try to give it some ambiance. Also, the back part of the restaurant (including the restrooms) appears to be under construction at the moment. I'm not sure if it's beginning or ending, but I'd try to sit up front, just in case.
Pros: pretty good German food, decent prices
Cons: no beer, lacks the atmosphere you'd expect from a "Jagerhaus"Though I love their atmosphere and authentic German food, I was disappointed they no longer had perogies in their menu, even as an appetizer as they used to be. Ordered the German Burger instead and as someone who is lactose intolerant and wasn't expecting to eat a burger, I requested no cheese. Of course my burger came to me with cheese so I brought it to the waitress's attention to have it fixed stating that I could not eat cheese. A couple mins later I received my burger back sans cheese so proceeded to eat it. I later discovered small amounts of cheese around the outside edge of the top of the burger patty, which I pulled off, and found some through taste on a couple parts of the bun. So instead of remaking my burger as is supposed to be required, they simply removed the cheese, replaced the sauerkraut and returned the same burger. Unprofessional and potentially detrimental to a customer's health.If you're looking for an authentic Czechoslovakian, Austrian,  German dining experience in the French Quarter; look no further!
Yarda, the proprietor, provided outstanding service and the food is exceptional. This is a "small little hole in the wall" restaurant/café that we were just walking by. And boy, are we glad we stopped in. Even if you are just getting a Viennese coffee and pretzel, you will leave happier and more content.
Thank you Yarda!The bratwurst and the other sausages were excellent. The pork chop was overdone. It didn't taste very much like German food at all and the beer wasn't chilled. Meatloaf poboy was mediocre -  not worth it to pay an extra dollar for sweet potato fries, those were awful. Friendly staff though.German music playing from speakers and bottles of German beer available to drink does not a German restaurant make.  Of course, why would a visitor to New Orleans French Quarter choose to go to a German restaurant?  I am of German descent and love the food.  We were the only people seated at the tables, although there were a few people at the counter where they sell espresso (which I think is there biggest seller as they got a lot of walk-in traffic for just that).  I order the Wiener schnitzel which came with red cabbage and German potato salad.  The schnitzel came out dark and I thought it was over cooked but in reality it was probably cooked with old oil since it was dry.  My wife said that the veal was old.  The red cabbage was bland; not tangy.  But the potato salad was good.  My wife had creamed spinach that was sprinkled with grated cheese which my wife says was very good.  Since we were the only table at first, the waiter/host was attentive.  The kitchen area was open and we could watch them prepare the food and I can tell you that none of them were authentic Germans.Yum yum yum! I got there at around 10 and they made me the most amazing bratwurst, red cabbage and sauerkraut, even though it wasn't on the breakfast menu! Thanks guys! If been craving some good German food and you totally delivered! :)Very good veal - beer was excellent - bathroom wouldn't flush but they were working on itVisited several nights ago w/ friends hoping for a pretty decent meal based on the yelp reviews, although I've never been to a German eatery.
I ordered the goulash expecting a typical stew.  The waiter said the only veg was onion.  Now there may have been cooked down onions in the sauce, but all I could taste were the 3 tiny slivers of fresh onion garnish.  I would have hoped for some veg and more flavor in the sauce, but only found disappointment, although the beef was very lean.
I've had spaetzel before, and I found this pretty blasé, but definitely a cut below what my only other experience has been.  Both portions were on the small side, based on the price.  I would have done better to have the schnitzel dish.  The one lady in the party gave up one of her 2, and it took that to fill up the third member of our party.
My friends got ready refills for their soft drinks, but not the case for my water.
Bottom line, blasé flavors, smallish portions, over priced and so-so service.ACHTUNG!  *TASTEGASM ALERT!*
SITREP
If there was restaurant-establishment I could hide in my pocket, fly back home with me, and set it up on my street corner, it would be this one.
Jägerhaus is one of those Über-Fantastico Deutschland-traditional establishments that takes food, pastries and dessert making up an knotch.  [Since it closes at 10pm it doesn't quite make it onto my "Munchies For Night Owls" list (to make it on this list, a place must be open at least til Midnight) - and we got there at 9:30pm.  But still, they let us hang out til 10:20pm, so we never felt rushed.
THE SET-UP
My sweet friend and I had just finished a party at Indulge Grill Island and we were working our way back to Hotel Modern, but we decided to take a quick side-trip since we were looking for something to satiate our sweet-tooth.
Now she was from New York City, and how she found this place I don't quite know since this was her first time to New Orleans too, but I am so happy I decided to let her take charge of this night because she was firing on all pistons.
THE TASTE TREATS!
The food here looked amazing.  And I kept telling myself that I would come back earlier in the evening one of the days I was here, but, alas!, that was not to be.  So I am glad I enjoyed this fun moment of tasty sweet fun!  We were definitely feeling the need for ice cream, and so our selections reflected that, and we pulled the trigger on two (2) items that we shared:
*  BLACK FOREST BERRIES - which was a delicious mix of hot blueberries, raspberries with vanilla ice cream, topped with whipped cream and a fudge sauce drizzle; and,
*  APPLE STRUDEL- which was right on par with what I was hoping - a very fluffy apple filled pastry, and we opted to get it with the scoop of French Vanilla ice cream.
DECOR 
The café is very sweet looking, and though German, the décor & style definitely reflects the Czech-Hungarian origins of these owners.  So there is definitely a wonderful, diverse Central European vibe to this awesome place.
THE LOWDOWN
A Fantastic Trans-Altantic Tastegasmatic experience here in New Orleans!Stumbled into this place while staying at the Dauphine Orleans.  They had a specials sign out front advertising goulash and we were sold!  I ordered the chicken paprikas and my boyfriend ordered the goulash.  Both were delicious but the chicken paprikas was AMAZING served over authentic spaetzle dumpling noodles!  I have gone back since and everyone in the group enjoyed their food.  My only complaint was our server was slow to replenish our drinks.  I don't know if they were short staffed that day but I think she might have been one of two and the place was full.Fantastic food! I come from a German family and have never tasted better wienerschnitzel. Saurkraut and German potato salad were also to die for. Went for dinner there on a romantic weekend. Boyfriend lived in Germany and agreed on the food--loved the sausage platter. Caters to formal and casual apparel.I used to adore this restaurant, but the steadily declining service has finally served to turn my husband & I away.
We eat there on a regular basis, but the service is never friendly, always a bit awkward  (we stopped going for brunch b/c the waitress on weekends is so unpleasant...really ruins a nice meal to have to look at her sour puss).
The chairs are rock hard, but the food always brought us back.  The last time we ate there, it took 47 minutes for our food to be served.  We ended up staring at each other in mute misery, while trying to decide if we should just leave.  When our potato pancakes hit the table, they were burned.  No drink refills without asking for them.  The rest of the food was meh as well- the quality has really gone down.
The lack of service & long waits makes this place a miss.Great food, interesting atmosphere and great draft beers.  Definitely worth stopping in - you will be happy u did.I live in New Orleans and I love German food- and Jagerhaus is the only German restaurant in the city. Unfortunately it's in the French Quarter, so I usually only go for lunch (I work downtown in the CBD and walk there), although I've been once at night with friends. The food is very good- I usually get the wienerschnitzel, but I've also had the chicken paprikash, jagerschnitzel, and bratwurst plate. I really love the German potato salad- it reminds me of my grandmother's potato salad!!! The beer is good as well. I really like the leberknodel soup (liver dumpling) too. The prices are a bit high, but this is understandable as it's located in the Quarter. Sometimes at lunch the service is very slow, especially when you need to get back to work and have been waiting a while for the check. I've been about 7 or 8 times over the last year or so and will continue to go- I recommend going if you like German food.The Jagerhaus is a wonderful find for anyone that wants something other than Cajun or Creole cuisine in the Quarter. 
We started with the cheese plate and the pretzel. Both were really tasty but be warned. When they say the olives are "spicy" they mean "SPICY!"
There were four in our group so we tried a variety. The veal was delicious and my personal favorite. 
Our waiter, Brian, was a jewel and really helped make our experience great. We never wanted for service. 
We recommend a stop at the Jagerhaus!!!LOVED this place! Thank goodness Groupon had a deal for it so I knew of it! My husband and I both said it is the best German food we've ever had and liked it so much that we went back a second time during our week stay in New Orleans. Their schnitzels are great, their german potato salad, red cabbage, and spaetzel are all awesome. Their breakfast biscuits are AMAZING. Everything is good and very friendly service. Will definitely return next time we're in New Orleans....which is soon I hope!Wirklich gute Speise! 
I was wandering around the Quarter, not sure what I was hungry for (I'm in Nola for 10 days).  Had seen Jager Haus' name in a local rag, and when I spotted the sign, I checked it out.  Looked good, and reasonable, so in I went.  I was instantly greeted by the friendly bartender/server, and chose my seat. 
I was going to have the jaeger schnitzel, but started with Bohemian potato pancakes - made with garlic and bacon.  I added sides of sauerkraut and red cabbage.  They have an extensive list of beers (and other drinks), along with descriptions of each one, which is helpful for beer novices.
The food was so very good - for me it was like German comfort food.  The potato pancakes were crispy, and very savory.  The combo plate of sauerkraut and cabbage was heavenly - the best sauerkraut I have ever eaten - it was mild, and buttery, and slightly sweet, dusted with caraway seeds.  It was delicious.
I filled up too much to try the jaeger schnitzel, so, gosh, I'll just have to go back.I should preface this by saying that I actually lived in Germany for about 8 years and have a good feeling for what good German food is, and this is my first Yelp review - so go easy on me.
I was really excited to come here for an anniversary Lunch / Friday Lunchtime  - Overall this place was a disappointment.
The Potato Pancakes were burnt on the bottom and relatively greasy - they were ok but my wife was unimpressed.
The biggest problem we had was that we waited half an hour (yes I timed them) for two sandwiches.  
I had a pork Schnitzel Sandwich, it was cooked through but overall a little bland, the rye bread didn't seem quite right.  (Be warned because adding a 5 x 5 slice of Swiss cheese must take a significant amount of labor for them because it cost a dollar to do so)  
When my Wife's burger came  it did not have the cheese that was supposed to be on it - so instead of bringing cheese out, they took the sandwich away, and took another 5 minutes to bring it back (meanwhile my food was getting cold)
Our lunch was $31 for two sandwiches, an appetizer, water and tea.  I feel like that's a little overpriced for what we got.  I have heard the decor was "quaint or romantic" while I found it somewhat authentic I could have done without some of the questionable artwork (Advertisements).  I would describe it as simple and genuine, but at the same time the walls and floors were dirty.
Overall the decor was ok, food was manageable, service (though friendly) was slower than molasses going uphill backwards, and despite what the owner claims - I would not consider it a good value.This place has the most rude waitress I have ever had the displeasure of experiencing. If you want your waitress to not be able to recommend anything and be offended at your request for her opinion as well as forget your order and berate your party of 5 for asking for a meal each then this is absolutely the place for you.I'd give it 4 for the food, and zero for the service. The bartender was alright, but the waiter was pretty bad. Granted we did sit for awhile, just talking amongst our group of 3, but the restaurant was nearly empty. He wasn't overbearing which was good, but obviously in a hurry to get us out of there. Cleared plates with tons of food still on them, asked us if we wanted our drinks to go. The food was pretty expensive, and he just threw half of it away, I was amazed, and pissed. For a bill that came out to almost 100 dollars, I expected a lot more. All three of us are local, and service industry, so you've lost what would have been loyal customers by having a waiter that was in such a hurry to get off work, he threw our food away. If he had mentioned shift change, we would have cashed out and left, we've all been there.Service - Slooooow... It took us almost an hour to get our food. And this place is more like a cafe style than a formal restaurant. No excuses...
Staff - Very friendly but not attentive. Had to flag waitress down no less than 3 times for drink refills. Again this place is tiny... No reason for that...
Food - Decent. Although I have never been to Germany... I can't imagine they would be real proud of this food. It was not bad... But it certainly was not great. I think many of the reviews on Yelp are people who are drunk... Which is not shocking since this is just off bourbon street. I suppose if I had 4 beers in me I might have thought it tasted better.
Recommend - Nope... :(While stuck on Conti Street in the infamous "I can't get across Bourbon Street traffic", we noticed Jägerhouz on our way to the Royal Sonesta.  It looked like a nice little restaurant. The next morning, I suggested to friends that we meet there for brunch.  Wow.
We were greeted and seated immediately. Before I could even get comfortable in my chair, tall glasses of iced water were on the table. (As we all know, on a Sunday morning in New Orleans, water is very important. Gotta hydrate if you're gonna drink, right?)
I had a vegetarian omelette which was next to perfect. The flavor was outstanding and the vegetables were fresh and stayed intact inside the omelette.  My boyfriend is super critical of food because he's such a good cook, but he could not stop raving about the his breakfast.  Prices were very reasonable and well valued.  
The Bloody Mary's were awesome; perfectly seasoned. 
As a New Orleans local, I take for granted that most of the local Quarter restaurants are not up to par in cleanliness. This place was very clean. 
I cannot wait to go back and try lunch...and another Bloody Mary.Great coffee for that early morning pickup. They have all the specialty coffee drinks hot and cold. A great little place for your morning cup of Joe.My first night in town I was tired and hungry! I had not planned on eating German food in New Orleans but knowing the eclectic history of this city I decided to check it out! Short walk from my location in the French quarter, small but comfortable mom and pop style establishment and the menu was packed with traditional German cuisine and I was so happy! My grandmother is from Germany so those was like a very happy place for me lol!
My first trip there I ordered the schnitzel, warm potato salad, red cabbage, and asparagus  (don't judge me I was hungry!). Once my plate was set down in front of me I was like a giddy little kid, everything looked exactly how I hoped it would and tasted even better! The one thing that was new to me was having fresh lemon to squeeze onto my food and I truly loved the added flavor. My food arrived quickly and the server was very attentive. I visited twice during my trip and would absolutely go again if I'm ever in town.
The only draw back I experienced was the dessert I wanted was not available because the pastry chef had not shown up for work that day and the cakes are made from scratch.. So I am not going to ding them on the stars for that since they make the sweets in house!Stopped in this place when my boyfriend, his younger brother (15 y/o), and myself were looking for something to eat quickly.
First let me update on the service. The waitress we had was really nice, but she was either on some sort of drug or she just had a really bad case of ADHD. She was all over the place. It took us a very long time to get drinks, food, and our check.
Now let's talk about where we sat. They sat us at a table and everything was fine and dandy until their "waterfall" started. The AC unit was leaking and was pouring down the wall, splashing all over the place. They clearly knew that it was a problem because they had a service bucket laying on the floor to "catch" the water. But it didn't catch all of the water, so it was just going all over the floor. We would've moved seats, but then the place started to fill up.
The only saving grace for Jägerhaus was their food. The food was really good. We got German pancakes as an appetizer. I got the Munich salad, which was very tasty. My boyfriend's brother got a hamburger and he said he really enjoyed it. That's why I'm giving this place a 3 star rating because the food saved everything wrong about this place.This place has the worst service I've ever experienced. The food is just alright. We were so disappointed in our dining experience. Our waiter was so disrespectful of the restaurant and that set the tone for our dinner.Delicious. This place is hidden right off bourbon street. Many tourists wouldn't even know!
We came to this place after being tired of the same old menu: po boy's, creole, and etoufee.
This place offers delicious german food. You must get their jagerschnitzel. It's slightly on the sweet side. The sauce is a beautiful brown color; probably from the delicious fat.
The jagerschnitzel comes with a side of apple slaw and spaetzle. The Spaetzle is not bad. I'm not a connoisseur of spaetzle yet to know the difference. It was tasty and had a soft texture.
As for the ambiance, the restaurant is very long. Guests have to wait toward the front. There's a restroom here. It's probably the cleaner restrooms near bourbon.
If you don't want to wait. They do offer a couple seats at their bar. 
Speaking of drinks, they offer only german beers. Most of these beers are pretty tasty. I only got to try one of their beers.
Overall, I really enjoy this place. Their jagerschnitzel is very delicious. Service was so-so; but regardless i think this place is pretty awesome.I don't like writing bad reviews. I'm writing this one because I don't want someone else getting sucked in by the overall high star rating. Don't. Do. It.
I landed in New Orleans late in the afternoon. After a long day of travel, I needed something before heading off to a party for the night. Consulting my Yelp app, I noticed a German restaurant steps from my hotel. Jagerhaus had great reviews, and I love German food. What could go wrong? 
I walked in after viewing the menu outside. When I opened the menu I was handed inside, it was not the same. OK. The décor is very simple. It had an informal, deli type of feel that didn't fit with the menu prices.
I am a sucker for pretzels, so I ordered one along with a bowl of the soup of the day. I had wanted the bier cheese soup I had seen on the other menu, but chicken vegetable sounded fine. I also ordered a champagne cocktail which turned out to be champagne & cranberry juice. No strawberry garnish as advertised. Things happen.
There were only a few other people seated in the restaurant, so you would expect the soup to come out quickly. Nope. As I waited, people were coming in to order the various iced coffee drinks advertised. You would expect to see a coffee bar with an espresso machine, yes? Nope. They use powdered mixes, with instant coffee, the flavorings and cream mixed together in an envelope. The bartender just emptied the foil packets (from a drawer below the counter) into a blender with ice, turned it on, and poured them in cups to go. Calling themselves a full service coffee shop is quite a stretch. Moving on. 
About 20 minutes into the wait I saw them take a pretzel from the freezer and put it in the oven. Interesting. Still no soup. Most of what I saw happening from my bar stool were the cooks reheating various foods in the kitchen. That's acceptable in some cases. Not much, if anything I saw was made to order other than a couple of things coming from the deep fryer. 
Finally about 30 minutes from when I ordered (I had checked in, so I was watching the time), the pretzel and soup arrived. I have posted pictures of both. I guess I had expected a larger bowl of soup, and I certainly expected it to come out much more quickly than it did. The flavor wasn't bad, it was pretty good actually. The pretzel, well, look at the picture. It was a Super Pretzel. You know, the ones that you see at ball games that taste like paste? They charged around $5 for the nasty thing! It was horrible, but I ate a small part of it and asked for the check. 
I don't expect food to be authentic, but I do expect it to be good. This was neither. Do yourself a favor and go to Killer Poboys or Deja Vu on the same block. You aren't missing anything here.
Edit: I went back and gave 2 stars instead of my original 1. I didn't get spat at, or see anything creepy running around, but damn it! Is it that hard to at least buy pretzels from a local baker rather than use frozen Super Pretzels? At least ACT like you're trying to serve home made food. I think I made enough other points to warrant 1 star, but I was feeling guilty actually doing it.Everything here is phenomenal! We love this place! We come to NOLA every year and always stop here.Allow me to caveat that while I thoroughly enjoy German food, and have dined on it from TX to NY, the food here was sub par, and the menu options were scarce. There is a leak in the ceiling that is being caught by buckets in the dining room, and the only saving grace was that the bartender was knowledgeable and they had dunkelweiss on tap. I can't honestly say that I reccomend this place. You are better off waiting until Oktoberfest and dining at the Detsche Haus.I came here with two friends. The place was ridiculously packed, but we were able to get seats by the bar. I had their potato soup and absolutely loved it. I also tried my friend's pretzel. The mustard was soo intense, I can't even describe it. But all in all, it's a great place to grab food, drinks, and mingle with strangers.First time- paulaner hefeweisen on draft, Mmm tasty!Charming, clean, good food at a great price.   Great find off the beaten path.We arrived at 3:00 am, I had the German burger and it was awesome!  The flavor was great and the burger is big enough to share. The service was also great, even at 3 am.This was our 1st meal where the entire family was pleased. It was so nice to have such different favors after so much blackened and fried food.This place was very busy and only had 1 waitress for the only restaurant. 
But.... I ordered the goulash which was delicious! Beware the sauce was very rich. My father ordered the rueben. He said it was also good and the sweet potato fries were excellent(I had multiple). My mother ordered the zucchini fritte from the starters. This dish was pretty good but also very heavy. We decided not to get dessert since the place was so busy and they had messed up the order of the table next to us. 
Overall the food is VERY good. But you have to be prepared to wait for your food. I did give this review 5 stars because I believe the most important part of the review is the food. But I would give them a 2 on service.As a local, I tend to stay away from eating out in the quarter. Jagerhaus is the exception! The only place in NOLA that serves Lavazza coffee, chocolate cake to die for, and an extensive beer selection. A gem right off of bourbon street :)Stopped in for breakfast and was surprised to find they had Flamkuchen (sp).  The pesto Flam-k was excellent.  Stopped back for dinner a few nights later and tried the Jagerschnitzel.  It was the BEST Jagerschnitzel I have had outside of Germany period.  The place is small and cozy and their mulled wine and Deutsch beer selection is impressive.  Five stars!  Danke!JaegerHaus - Fresh, authentic German food in the French Quarter. I think they must have a German grandmother cooking in the kitchen.We couldn't check into our room yet, being Jazzfest weekend and 10am... so we wandered around the FQ looking for some good coffee (we had about 3 hours of sleep the night before)  
OMG.  i had some iced expresso thing .. it was so effing good, we came back every single morning during our trip...  They also have shots of Jager 2 for 5 bucks!  The girls who work during the day are awesome!  We went in on our last day during the afternoon... and the two german guys were ... well, not so friendly.. and it took 20 minutes to get my daily expresso :)  
If the girls are working, go in and get the iced expresso... if its the guys... get it to go :)
We didnt eat here, but maybe next time!So I didn't expect to be eating German food when I was down in NOLA, but after seeing the place as we walked by on a tour bound for St Louis Cemetary #1, after the tour we stopped there, being starving and wanting air conditioning and beer.
The beer selection was pretty decent, though one of the ones on tap we wanted to try they were out of. Thankfully, my bff and I's fallback beer, Warsteiner Dunkel, was indeed available on tap.   
Since she and I couldn't decide on what we wanted, we each ordered  a different entree and split it. The Jagerschnitzel and the sausage plate were split between the two of us, and it was alot of food. The bratwurst was decent, and i love saurkraut with it.  The schnitzel was great too.
All in all, the only thing was the waiter was a little scatterbrained, and wasnt refilling our waters. Not that we minded having to resort to the sacred Dunkel, but after being in the hot sun, we kinda wanted to rehydrate on something that was not alcoholic....ya know, so we could booze it up more later.
Can't say anything about the desserts, but maybe next time when I'm down in Nola.  I'd go back there.Some of the worst service I have ever had. The waitress was incredibly rude to us and seemed very upset that all 5 of us at the table were ordering food. They won't split checks for groups which is super inconvenient.My last trip in on 10/25/16 was great!  I had the Jaegerschnitzel and all was in order.  The meat was well prepared and the mushroom sauce was delightful.
I understand they will be moving a few blocks away to a larger location that will allow a biergarten.  I'm looking forward to my next trip there!Best food in French quarter for us. Went out for lunch. Loved it. Came back for diner.Jagerhaus has everything I need. I found this place when I started working just up on the block. I quickly replaced my routine of getting burnt old coffee and Chubby's for a cool cocoa espresso before work. Working on Bourbon can be a bit of a pain, but starting the evening with some caffeine and sweets realllly helps me start off the night in a good mood. I've gotten some of their little treats from the bar when I really need a pick me up before work, they're alright. I've also gone for dinner and breakfast a few times. Their schnitzle (sp?) was aweeeesome. I get their sweet potato pancakes every time for breakfast, it's always a good time for me, and makes me into the kind of person whom its pleasant to be around before noon. Their barista is always good, I've had a few different ones. I had a bad waitress about a year ago, but besides that the floor staff has also always been good. If they had a cot in back, I probably wouldn't leave this place.Why visit a German restaurant while in the French quarter?  Well, because the food is fantastic.  I had the sauerbraten with cabbage.  The sauerbraten was amazing, the dumplings were amazing, and the cabbage was, you guessed it, amazing.  No guilt whatsoever about eating Deutsche in the French quarter!The food was amazing. Very authentic. However, the service lacked. We waited 15 minutes just to place our drink order. When my tea came, I was not given anything to stir in the sweetener. I had to ask for a spoon. Then the server dropped a bottle of hot sauce which shattered. It got me in the back of my pants but he never apologized. Just keep it in mind.Best Jager Schnitzel in town. I crave this place!! mmmmhmmmm gonna git my German ON!Jason was our server this morning for breakfast. Friendly and helpful, he directed us to excellent choices when we asked for suggestions. I ordered the Flamkeuchen my wife ordered the Farmer's Omelet. 
The only reason I'm not delivering five stars, is the fact I've only been there once!Great atmosphere for lunch. Pleasant staff and great music on the radio. Food was great. 
   But be aware, if you order the Munich plate.........get ready to fork out some cash. Plenty of food for plenty of money! It's not on the menu but the Munich plate is $46.00. Enough food for two.Has Jäger Haus closed??? I have been trying to make reservations all week and their phone says it is out of service or some recorded message from the phone company. I even tried to email them as well and no response. Fingers crossed it is still open. ⁉⁉
This is me and my husband's favorite German restaurant. Being both of German families and traveling to Germany every couple of years, the food is pretty spot-on. Love that they carry Lavazza espresso too.Big Joe on the Swamp Adventures tour told us to check this spot out for some great food. WELL, he was SPOT on. This place was absolutley delicious. I had the german burger and it was phenominal, as was that purpley stuff on my plate, AMAZE. We also had the 3 sausage plate with saurkraut, spetzle (?) and something else. Everything was delicious. Our mojitos were just OK, as was our server. Yes, we got our food on time and yes, he didn't mess up our order but, he did act like we were REALLY bothering him anytime we asked a question. I think his name was something like Kellyn or Kellin. Anyway, ease up buddy, we had never had German food before and had a few questions, your attitude is not appreciated. AND, since it was Mardi Gras time they automatically added a 20% gratuity which I totally get for the drunkards in the French Quarter but you had a piss poor attitude and we really didnt appreciate it. I give the food 5 stars, the server gets 2 stars deducted.Had the Oktoberfest plate with spatzel and a side of German potato salad all of which were very good. 
The decor was decidedly German with many German beers lining the walls.
The restaurant is located off of Bourbon Street which gave us a break from the crowds even on a Friday night.