I got the blueberry glazed toast where they make their own house blueberry syrup and my partner got the captain crunch french toast with the pepper sausage parties.  It was a win win with great service from Zach and Leslie!  
A must go.  Super delishSmall beautiful décor. Very cozy. Food was delicious. Great service. Jessie is the bestGreat little find while walking around. Seats about 30. Owner was a great character and friendly and the food was great. Had shrimp and crawfish étouffée. Highly recommendDELICIOUS BREAKFAST!!! though the place is so small we couldn't get a table for six all together so we had to sit in groups of two's - kind of a buzzkill, but not terrible. the wait staff was not very friendly. in fact, they seemed aggravated when we told them we were ready to order - like it was an inconvenience to them or something. so strange! the pancakes were divine, the grits were divine, the bacon was divine ... i'm not sure if there was anything bad on the menu! definitely a place to stop off at, but beware that there may be a wait or not enough seating for bigger parties!!!This was one of our food stops while we were in town for Labor Day. We had really high hopes but out of a party of 6, only one of us really enjoyed our food. The shrimp and grits were very under seasoned - no salt whatsoever. The eggs benedict we ordered were over cooked and the fried eggplant it went on top of was also lacking salt. When I hear monkey bread I'm thinking pull apart monkey bread - their's was not pull apart and more like just a slice of bread drizzled with a little icing. The PB&J pancakes were just regular pancakes drizzled with a liquid peanut butter and some sort of berry syrup. My brother ordered some sort of omelet that came on a croissant which was not bad. The best thing I ate was the home fries (potatoes) - probably the best I've had. We had other tours planned but most of our party went to Acme after because they were still hungry since they didn't eat what they ordered. Warning, the place is really - REALLY - small. If you've got a large party, good luck. Service was over all ok and friendly.This was an alright place for breakfast wasn't quite what I hoped for. Maybe I'm not a New Orleans breakfast person. Staff could have been a bit more attentive. Also location is small not much seating.FANTASTIC!!!! The staff was super friendly and the food was beyond delicious. Their brie stuffed french toast is amazing. The killer gouda grilled cheese is top notch. Jimmy J's if you are reading this, please jar your bacon jam and start selling it. I would have purchased 3 jars to take home it's that great. Worth the wait. An absolute must when visiting Nola.I like the menu. Good variety but not overwhelming. Staff was great. Food was good although my eggs Benedict were not runny. Kind of a downer. But the rest was good.Jessie and Ginger were amazing their service was fast and the food was out of this worldOverall, just disappointed. The GF had biscuits and gravy and left most of it, which as a dedicated southern girl was my first clue that the disappointment in the meal was just not mine. I ordered the regular eggs Benedict. The yolk was overdone and you expect better from an all day, 7 day a week breakfast place. The jalapeño hollandaise was excellent- I think, what I could find of it. Loved the Nueski ham from Wisconsin as I did the side order of Nueski Bacon. I thought the mimosa was undrinkable but am no champagne expert and will attribute my reaction to a 3 day NOLA hangover. There are only 8 tables so you are going to wait but they do have delivery.  It is a varied and creative menu and any chef and have a bad day.  The place is spotless and niicely decorated.  I might try delivery again but I would never violate my "never wait" rule again.Nice spot for a quick bite.  It's small but has a lot of character. Our waitress -da-girl  was really cool! !!Stopped in before returning from new Orleans on Monday and I'm glad we got there during a down time. It's a small spot with not that many tables. So if you don't get there before the city wakes up you might be waiting some time.
I went for the breakfast sandwich and really enjoyed my meal. Loads of potatoes came with it as well and the bagel was solid. Relatively cheap as far as breakfast in concerned.This place WAS promising. However, my boyfriend ended up getting red beans and rice with andouille sausage for $13 and he basically got rice and beans with a 2in sausage link cut in half. When he expressed his dissatisfaction with the meal after one bite the waitress challenged him and instead of taking it off of the check she completely ignored his concern and charged him full price for the meal. We ended up splitting my meal and having his dish as a side because of the extreme lack of protein. She ended up getting a ¢.01 tip because of the lack of customer service and attitude that was served in place of the protein. Never coming back.We had three mornings in NOLA and ate breakfast/brunch here each day!
Service is great. Prices are good and portions are very generous. 
What I tried:
3.5/5 : Buttermilk pancakes with bacon and fruit compote: I admit my first meal at Jimmy J's was a minor disappointment after I read so many great reviews. The pancakes were 'nice' but nothing particularly special. The bacon was cooked and embedded into the bottom of the pancakes which was kind of a cool idea, but in reality made the bacon surprisingly hard to distinguish. The compote was good and added variety to the dish, but I also ordered a side of strawberries for an extra $1 and never received them :( I only noticed this the next day as I was too tired after a long journey the first morning to actually notice.
4/5: Breakfast Sandwich: Fantastic classic dish which is executed very well here. Had everything you could want in a breakfast and more! Eggs were scrambled perfectly and this time the bacon really stood out. Home fries were fresh and not too seasoned or salty. Portion was absolutely giant. 
5/5: French Toast Monte Cristo: This is their speciality breakfast dish and with good reason. It's stunning, creative, fresh and varied within itself - the ham, bacon and cheese all mix together in a heavenly unhealthy way! The French toast itself was done wonderfully and was fantastically light - I didn't feel sickly stuffed afterwards like is often the case with French toast. 
As you can tell, there's huge variety on the menu here; perhaps not enough 'healthy' options for my liking, but that seems to be standard in New Orleans. We didn't get a chance to go for dinner which is a pity as their evening choices look equally appealing and generously-portioned.
Will be back on our next trip to NOLA.I think the line outside was longer than the number of seats available inside this place----- it's really tiny, like 10 tables total and they are crammed together. Went for lunch and split the catfish po'boy with my husband. It's a hearty serving for just one and the sandwich comes with fries. Everything tasted very fresh. The pieces of catfish were small and even though there was several it seemed a little skimpy. Good enough flavor with the remoulade sauce but not quite exceptional. Service was fast and friendly. Fun, relaxed atmosphere.This place was super busy upon arrival for Sunday Brunch, we waited for over 30 minutes outside, but it was well worth the wait. The inside is super small, maybe about 6 tables, but the food is absolutely amazing! I wanted a nice place to go with authentic Louisiana food and this place did not disappoint. The Bloody Mary with bacon was yummy as was my shrimp and oyster po boy. The fried green tomato appetizer was incredible! I cant wait to return to Jimmy J's again.We stopped by Jimmy J's cafe on our last day in NOLA before our flight and it did not disappoint! We ordered the shrimp and grits plate and the bananas foster french toast.  I didn't think the serving size for the shrimp and grits was quite big enough to be filling but the quality was amazing so I can let that slide. The grits were the best I had while I was in NOLA and completely satisfied that craving. The bananas foster french toast was pretty good but not the best I have ever had and came out on the cold side. Even though the line was rather long to get in, the service was very quick. The bathroom was pretty dirty and very smelly which took away from the overall experience.Their shrimp and grits were good and their customer service was even better! The waiters were very attentive and accommodating and there's barely any wait time for the food. Being that this place is really tiny and only has but a few tables (and was super busy when I went), the waiters are really good with keeping things moving and getting people in and out in a friendly way. It also has an intimate, mellow atmosphere so it would be a good spot to go with a group of friends for brunch without the loud music and such.Small place, we lucked out and got there right as someone was getting up. Seafood and spinach omelet was great as were the pancakes. Over cooked the over easy eggs, but that was the only down fall. Good Bloody Mary, will go back.Very funky and delicious breakfast. I had the eggs rancheros and my friend had the crispy waffle. Both very good and flavorful. My order was wrong and was brought out a little later then my friends but they comped my entree and gave me a free bloody Mary! So they are good in my book! A place to check out for sure.What a great little place for breakfast, lunch, hangover or drinks.  Friendly and reasonably priced.
Jimmy J's was an unexpected great experience just a few steps from where we were staying, the Quarter House.  It is beside the Marriott, a minute walk from Canal Street in the French Quarter.
It is a typical French Quarter, small, dark, junkie, ill shaped dive type bar that serves food...great food at very reasonable prices. The service was good and the portions were plentiful.
Although we didn't try any of Jimmy J's apparently famous libations, based upon the clientele, the menu and the drink specials, I'll bet this is a great place to indulge.
On the day we visited Jimme J's, we were in NOLA on vacation  and we needed to do some work work. So we were in our room all morning working and came out to get some lunch. Jimmy J's was right there so we thought we'd give it a try.  What a stroke of luck.
We enjoyed ourselves, the atmosphere and the food. We'll go back.The food was delicious! I had the shrimp and oyster po boy and it was the best I've ever had! Will definitely go back before heading back to FloridaI was in the mood for an oyster poboy and found this place on yelp.  It is my kind of place as it serves breakfast and lunch all day.  For most breakfast all day is a plus.  For me lunch at 7am is awesome!!   I started with the bacon Bloody Mary.   I could really taste the Bacon.  So good.  
The poboy was the best I've had.  The servers were very friendly.   This hole in the wall place will be added to my must list when visiting Nola.Tiny little breakfast spot that does not disappoint!! Only about ten tables but fabulous service and great food! I had the Tuscan eggs (pictured) that I highly highly recommend. Poached eggs were cooked perfectly. My husband is super particular about how his eggs are cooked and this was the one place in Nola that met his over easy requirements. He was a happy camper! Also they make a great Bloody Mary!! Check this spot out!Holy amazeballs batman! Ok the bacon Bloody Mary may be the most flavorful one I've ever had, and without being overly spicy. The French toast monte Cristo gave me a slight worry when I picked it up as I thought it was sitting in a shiny pool of grease. However that liquid turned out to be syrup and was heavenly on the sandwich. The only thing I was slightly disappointed with was that they didn't have strawberry jam to dip the monte Cristo in. They had little pouches of mixed fruit jelly. No big deal but I would have liked the jam. The home fries were delish, just needed a little salt. We also redeemed the Yelp offer for a free gooey butter cake, which I would classify as mediocre. It would be better warmed up. Service was prompt, friendly and efficient. In all I would definitely recommend this spot and would come back in a heartbeat.Yuck . Worst cup of coffee and the breakfast was so bad.. I could not eat it. Could not wait to leave so i did not have to listen to the loud waiter nonsense anymore....Horrible. Took forever to get our food so changed it to go. Sandwich was soggy and gross. The fries were cold.chicken overcooked bacon burnt. Waste of 30 bux! Waiter was nice, but that's all they got going for them. waiter said they had someone new working in the back, but there is no way it should taste this nasty and take this long. never going back here againThe food and service were most excellent. I highly recommend the cochon poboy.  Oliver was one of our favorite waiters.It's a small restaurant so the line outside is to be expected. We waited about 30 minutes to get in. The food is simple and good. Price is average for the area. The walls covered with local art.It was a mistake to start our vacation stating not to go to a restaurant twice, so that we could try as many as possible. Instead, we went to Jimmy J's three times. Do not pass up a chance to try the Cochon Eggs Benedict.We were lucky and went during off-prime hours, because the place is tiny! I'm sure it's busy during the brunch/lunch rush. But we sat down and had a fantastic meal. The server was very accommodating...I wanted to get the Cochon Benedict, but try the grit cakes instead of the biscuit. It was great! Worth checking out!What a gem! Quaint little cafe, with exceptional food and friendly, attentive staff. We had the Smoked
Salmon Bagel, an omelet and a bacon Bloody Mary. The Bloody Mary might have been the best Bloody I've ever had! Soooo good, and perfect cure for a NYE hangover!I absolutely love this place!!! I was in NOLA with my sisters and mom for a bday celebration. After many people recommending to endure the 30 minute wait. I got a Bloody Mary and Biscuits and Gravy and it was fantastic. It's a quaint place with an amazing staff! Our server Zach was charming, attentive, and all around great guy! I highly recommend this establishment!Love the place itself -- and the service was really good.
The food let me down this time. It was 2nd visit and remember the food being better.
I'm not saying don't go. I think they had an off day.
Oh! The house wine is pretty good and really cheap.Oh my jeebus! This place is delicious and the service was good. We ordered the crab cakes Benedict and the bananas foster french toast and both were SO GOOOOOD! The crab cakes had a surprising amount of meat in them--unlike most cakes which are predominately breading. And the bananas foster french toast...I can't even. The plate was drenched in caramely syrup and there was a generous portion of banana slices atop 4 large slices of toast. I can't usually eat a whole plate of carbs, but I left nothing on that dish!
Our server was good. He was prompt and funny and called us all buttercup or darling while we asked for suggestions. We saw him later at a Keno machine in a bar and he recognized us and gave us hugs. 
Get there early. We arrived just in time to beat the line that started to wrap around the building!Pretty funky cafe 1/2 block from Canal Street.  I visited for sunday brunch on a recent trip to New Orleans and arrived at the perfect time.  There are only around 8 tables, and 5 were filled when I arrived.  5 minutes later. There were abut 5 parties that showed up and many had to wait out in the rain.  
We ordered the cochon eggs benedict, a steak & eggs, and a traditional bloody mary.  Everything was delicious, but the best dish was the tender and flavorful skirt steak.
Service was very attentive and I would come back if it isn't a long wait.Everything was great, they were super accommodating and fun. Jessie "da girl" took the best care of us. She kept us hydrated and full of bloody Mary's and eggs. What more do you need? :-)We have only ordered breakfast here, which has most of the time been great (the breakfast burrito, frittata, and sausage omelette). 
Coffee- terrible. Please, owners, don't serve Denny's-quality coffee. This is New Orleans! Thank you! (I'm a local). I shouldn't be able to see through it. 
Service- has always been great, especially the one guy with the hat (sorry, can't remember his name). Yesterday, however, our omelette was overcooked and had barely any filling inside (less than usual- we order it regularly), and when we sent it back, the cook told the waitress that he didn't do anything different than normal (it's so small in there the cook knew we were right by the kitchen so we could hear).  Well, his opinion about it is really not the point- I'm not going to debate with the cook whether the eggs are rubber, they just were. If you want us to be regulars, then you have to let bygones be bygones and just make us a new omelette. 
But we ordered the breakfast burrito, and it was great.
All in all, I hope they keep the food and service at high quality and don't slip.Friendly staff, yummy home style
cookin', and delicious bloody marys at an affordable price! It felt like having breakfast at a friend's house. Very inviting and cozy.
You can get food and drinks to go, which is great if you're staying nearby.
The decor is awesome as well.This is probably my favorite meal thus far. I had grits topped w/ a vegetable ratatouille and poached eggs. Very delicious.We were drawn to the fried green tomatoes posted on the menu and decided to give it a shot. This place is tiny and very cozy. There are about 10 tables inside and a service bar only. No matter where you sit, you are in close proximity to the kitchen. Compared to other restaurants/bars in New Orleans, this place was not really air conditioned. It wasn't too hot inside, but it was definitely not cool. We ordered cucumber Bloody Marys, and they were delicious. Made with cucumber vodka. Really refreshing. Garnished with cucumber slices, olives and the ubiquitous Cajun green beans that seem to accompany any Bloody Mary in New Orleans. We started off with the fried green tomatoes. The waitress recommended we try them topped with crabmeat, as it is crab season. Great suggestion. They fried green tomatoes were outstanding. Firm, nice breading, the tomato had just the right amount of tang. The crabmeat topping was sweet and so, so fresh.
We then ordered a Poboy to split. It was one of the specials written up on the blackboard. Blackened shrimp. The sandwich was served with fries, but was kind of on the skimpy side. The shrimp were tasty, but there were not nearly enough of them and the bread sort of swallowed them up. Our waitress was friendly, efficient and kind. When we received our check we were kind of shocked that our skimpy Poboy was $18.00 !! That is the only complaint I had about this place.This was such a gem to find! It is very intimate; only seats 20. The food is great. Both my fiance and I loved the breakfast we ordered. I had the oatmeal brulee and it was perfect. My fiance ordered the egg ranchero and said he really liked it.  The customer service was awesome and since there are only 20 ppl eating,  it is almost like the servers are our entertainment as a whole.What a great little breakfast! I had the gulf shrimp and egg white burrito, which is right up my alley. There were a whole bunch of shrimp in the burrito, and they were all plump, juicy, and delicious. The service was great and everyone was very friendly.The shrimp and egg white breakfast burrito was delicious. It was worth the hour wait.This place is great! It's a small place with BIG flavor! Menu isn't too big to throw you off and the specials are out of this world. Jesse-da-girl took great care of us and Jimmy himself delivered our food! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting NOLA!Pretty good spot. Family was happy with the trip here. Food delicious, staff was very attentive to our needs and the wait was not long got food 
Leaving here a happy camper
Jimmy J's is cool with meStopped in by myself. I had the most delicious breakfast bowl with grits, eggs, sausage, and veggies. It's a small place but gave me a good feel of New Orleans my first morning. The service was good and friendly. You won't be disappointed.Nice little place.  Went on a Tuesday night and got a seat immediately.  Got the Jimmy J's Trio (gumbo, red beans and rice, and etouffee).  Awesome!  Next time, will have to try the banana fosters french toast.In town visiting and wanted a great brunch place that was reasonably priced with mimosas. Jimmy J's was the bomb-diggity!!! Our group ordered the rum raisin French toast and the crab cakes Benedict. Holy food heaven!!! For not being a French toast person, it was the best meal I had while in town. My friend who ordered the crab cakes Benedict said the eggs were cooked perfectly and the crab cake was amazing!!! The mimosas were great of course but the staff was even better! Super friendly and attentive! A must-do brunch place!!!This place gets a ton of kind words, good reviews, and word of mouth so we had to give it a try.  It's in an alley and is a small little joint. Maybe 7-10 tables. It was full when we got there and with it being St drunk day it was extra full. 
30 minute wait outside til table was ready. People behind us in line basically said it was the best spit in the world. They eat every meal here.  It's open 7-11pm so I guess you could. 
Food was fine, nothing that special really.  I had steak and eggs and a side of bacon.  Steak came in a sauce with mushrooms in a bowl already cut up.  Maybe 8 potatoes total with over cooked eggs. Normal sized portions not big. Everything was fine, just fine. 
Price was the best thing about the place. Fair and nicest total that we've had since we been here.First off let me give you a warning. The place is small and has only about 10 tables. However the wait you may have to get in to eat is well worth it. My wife had the Tomato Benny which was a fresh and unique take on an eggs Benedict. I had the bananas foster french toast. Both dishes were superb. The staff is also one of the best and make the environment feel like you are a friend of the family. I innocently asked how they made the sauce for the tomato Benny. I was taken to the kitchen where the chief explained in great detail how he made the sauce. I do not know of too many places that would be willing to do that for a visitor. I have to say that the breakfast here was one of the BEST meals we had in New Orleans. Please don't let the wait scare you from trying a place that is absolutely wonderful.The yelp users were right. The Cochan Eggs Benedict were to die for. The Pineapple Rasin Rum French Toast was very good. The Vegetable Egg Omelette was above average. The orange juice is hand squeezed!Looking for a place for late breakfast, I found Jimmy J's was nearby. Walked over to find a que waiting,but not too bad. Very short wait to get into this tiny dining room with musician motif. Quickly had an idea that I was in trouble. Everything on menu was so interesting. Not your average tourist run of the mill selection on menu, and the daily specials were even more exciting! I ended up having two entrees, with sides too! My wife had eggs Benedict and raved about them. I had eggs couchon, as well as biscuits and gravy. Awesome! We also had fried green tomatoes. Yummy,.With garlic aioli and balsamic vinegar. BEST fresh squeezed OJ. Very good French roast coffee.
Later went back for PO boys, and again wasn't disappointed. 
We WILL be going here for more before we go home!Breakfast was fantastic.  Nice small location. Funky as described.  Everything prepared properly and nice service.  My pet peeve:  between the chair with the missing foot and the table top that was loose.  It was like eating on a tilt a whirl.    
That said the food was so good I went back the next morning and got a less wobbly table
And chair.    
I'll still go againLong line was worth it. Food was great! And service was quick. Within 10 minutes of ordering, we were eating. And nothing disappointed. Only con, was that I felt rushed. The place has nine tables so they are moving pretty quickly to serve everyone.I came to Jimmy Js with a group of friends after receiving poor service from the front desk at Luke's. I'm glad we ended up here bc Rose (w/o the thorns) was amazing hostess. It's a little hole in the wall restaurant with great good and service. They had THE best hurricanes. It was my first time in New Orleans and Rose set the bar what to expect. You should definitely add Jimmy Js on your list of places to eat.This was a great find. Hole in the wall kind of place with about 10-12 tables. Exceptional service. Food was really good. It isn't easy to locate at first and definitely not the place if you have a big party or are looking for upscale, but it was a good place to relax, grab lunch, and enjoy for a little while.Just ordered a shrimp platter for delivery - 10 little bitty shrimp and a hand full of under cooked fries!  $15 plus delivery tip - feeling cheated!  Giving one star for on time delivery and one for the cocktail sauce with lots of horseradish.  Stick to breakfast here!We waited about 30 minutes outside for a table. (This is expected on a Saturday morning). Food was really good. Best biscuits I've eaten. The gravy was spot on. Huevos rancheros were really great.  My husband loved his eggs Benedict. Bloody Mary was good. Skip mimosas. Oh. Bathroom is really nasty. Service was quick but friendly. I will return.Alright this place is TEENIE TINY.  We got in line with 4 adults and a kid, we were told 15-20 mins and waited at least double (+) that time.
Yet, while we were there, any number of 2 and 3 tops were called ahead of us.  I get that the place is small, but we got a 4 top table for the 5 of us eventually.  
We had to put the stroller in the bathroom that's how small it was.
Wait and space aside the service was attentive and quick, albeit cold and standoffish and the food was great too.  By the time we got in it was almost 11 do 3 of us ordered lunch, Ruben, Philly cheese steak and a turkey club - all delicious.
Menu is extensive, decor quirky, restrooms clean.  We walked there so not sure about parking.Excellent and quirky.  Great customer service.  Attentive staff.  Worth the wait. Delicious food.We just happened upon this place right off of what looks like a major strip of the city. 
I got the triple meat sandwich and fries. It was great, though for all the walking to do after I should have gone with something lighter. The Bloody Mary (regular) was amazing! 
The only thing about this place was that I asked for rum in my Bloody Mary sense I have odd reactions to Vodka (I think I'm allergic). Well, I started to feel some of the things I do when o have vodka... I should have told them I was allergic. 
Anyways, love the place, love the atmosphere! Overall it was a great find!The best crab cakes that I have ever eaten! Delicious bacon Bloody Mary. The bananas foster French toast was also very good.Brie stuffed French toast along with biscuits and gravy topped off with a bacon bloody....damn good!  I'm on vacation don't judge my fat guy eating.Me and my wife ate breakfast here because of all the great reviews. Both us felt our meal came nowhere near meeting our expectation. She had the seafood omelette and I had the Crabcake Benedict.  Mouse running across the floor didn't help any.Decided to skip ruby slippers because I was getting tired of all the touristy joints been just hyped. Ordered the eggs Benedict and the blueberry French toast with Brie. Hubby loved loved his Benedict. The French toast was delicious. Will come back!Went to Jimmy J's solely because of the raving reviews of their breakfast. 
Very small and quirky restaurant. We had a minimal wait. I ordered the biscuits and gravy and a side of bacon. It was a disappointment. The biscuit seemed dry even though covered in gravy. The gravy just didn't have a good taste. I can't even explain it. The only thing good about the food was the bacon and the coke. 
Hopefully the chef was just having an off morning but not sure i'd go back.Whenever I see a line outside a restaurant, I always hop right on line. There must be a line for a reason. I had the crab cake eggs Benedict and monte cristo here. Both were decent but nothing great about them. Had much better versions elsewhere. The eggs were perfectly cooked though. The waitress also came back like 4 times and asked if I was ready to order. they had a pretty big menu. I probably took 5 mins total to read the whole thing so I can decide what to get. Would have liked it more if she just waited till I lifted my head up or signaled for her instead of keep coming back and asking when clearly my head is still down and reading the menu. I understand it's a small place and there is a line out the door but I don't think you should be rushing your customers. If I was sitting there for an hour a with only one cup of coffee then it's a different story.I spent some time on Yelp before going to breakfast on my birthday in New Orleans. I was impressed with the size of the place. It's super tiny! But the food was good. 
I got the eggs ranchero and my wife got the french toast. Her french toast was delicious. Cooked perfectly and she asked for the cinnamon cream. The cream made all the difference. 
The eggs were cooked perfectly on my ranchero. There were beans and avocado cream. It was a good breakfast. I put A-OK because it wasn't the best thing I've ever eaten but it was a decent breakfast and a good price!Came here with my husband after a few drinks on Frenchman street. John and Dana where very welcoming and incredibly accommodating. I had the steak and eggs and my husband had the tomato pasta. We r both very full and very happy!!  Highly recommended!!I can't believe DH and I haven't discovered this place prior to this morning. This will certainly be one of our go-to brunch spots from now on. The food, service and physical location were great! Although the place is small and we had to wait about 10 minutes for a table, the personable bartender set us up with drinks while we waited. DH ordered the Cochon Benedict and the combination of spicy, smoky and tartness were incredible. I ordered the Truffled Scrambled Eggs, sans the croissant since I'm gluten-free. My dish came with a side of fresh arugula with olive oil and Parmesan cheese that was wonderful with the eggs. Both dishes came with home fries - a dish that is typically dry and boring. Not here! The home fries were crispy, salty goodness! The only reason it didn't get 5 stars from me was the mediocre coffee - DH and I love New Orleans coffee and this wasn't it. On the bright side, our waitress was good at keeping our cups full. Overall, the staff and food won us over! We will be back!Visiting Nola with family for first time and decided to look for an out of the way local dive to eat......found one in Jimmy J's! Awesome food and service and highly recommend. Great selection of local dishes and flavor. Burrito was awesome and eggs Tuscan great as well. Will definitely come back and try the other dishes. Cudos is to Leslie our server for friendly service!! Will be back when in Nola again!!We were unfortunate victims of a power outage just after getting our drinks. The staff remained joyful and accommodating. The drinks were fantastic. My wife fell in love with the cucumber mojito. We weren't able to get food because of the  power outage, but it looked great on others tables. 
It is tough to remain positive when the entire block loses power and you may be out of business for the night, but the staff really stepped up their game and made our visit enjoyable.We're so glad we came here for breakfast. We read the reviews and they were on point. This is the perfect place to have an excellent breakfast. Service was outstanding and the food is wonderful.Great breakfast!!! Bloody Mary was exquisite. Omelets and poached eggs were done perfectly. Service was unique and had personality. The restaurant is very busy, so prepare for a bit of a wait. Enjoy!Went to get get something to eat before we went to Bourbon St.  We are staying two doors away.  The food was great but the staff was even better.  Being from the North we are looking for some Southern Hospitality and we got it there.  Great food, great service, good price.They were not busy. Had to get up and get my own water and napkins. Had to ask for silverware when the brought our food. The food was not hot and the service was terrible. Will not be back.I was looking for a quick bite as I waited for my hotel room to be ready.   I walked in only to be told it would be 15 mins (which I would have waited gladly) and told to wait outside!  I waited for a little outside, a little dumbfounded, but after no one came to check on me and seeing what seemed very unhappy waitstaff come and go I decided to leave.  Too bad, it was my first experience in NOLA - I was looking forward to the crepes.Best porkchop i have ever had..hands down.Had poboy for lunch day before which brought me back..excellent Hospitality too.Excellent little place. I've eaten breakfast and lunch here over the past few days and everything has been very good.Funky little place that we stopped by for breakfast.  I got a single pancake and a side of grits.  The grits were kinda greasy, but the pancake was really good and big.  Lots of food for less than $5!The cochon biscuit thing was AMAZING. Seriously. Get it. Great service too (thanks red-haired girl!)The food and service was great! Nice little breakfast place with really tasty food! Gourmet breakfast with reasonable prices and friendly service.Jimmy J's Cafe is a small quaint restaurant with a bar located in the French Quarter.  They serve breakfast, brunch, lunch, and dinner. They play soulful old school music in the background to enjoy while eating.  The prices are the cheapest I have seen in the French Quarter. We ordered four meals and dessert, all for a little less than $65.00. The prices are unbeatable and the quality of food is amazing. The meal portions are large and the food is packed with the traditional New Orleans flavor.  The best food I have eaten since I have been in New Orleans. I ordered shrimp and grits, which were topped with Parmesan cheese. My husband ordered Crab cake Benedict and fresh hot home fries. The crab cake Benedict consisted of two helpings. Two poached eggs on top of two crab cakes set on top of two English muffins and drizzled with hollandaise sauce.  For desert we had Beignet sticks w/ dark chocolate and some type of creamy white dipping sauce.  Delicious. This restaurant is so underrated.  I can't wait to go back.We had a decent wait to get in but it was definitely worth it. This place is sooo small but the wait goes a lot faster if you go inside and get a carafe of mimosas. The waitstaff was friendly and helpful with recommendations for what to eat. We had the French toast monte cristo and the cochon eggs Benedict and both were amazingly delicious. I'm glad I don't live nearby because I would definitely eat here at least once a week. Seriously can't recommend the food here enough.I had my 1st breakfast in New Orleans in Jimmy J's cafe and though we had to wait in a line to get in for like 30 minutes it was so worth it!!!i tried their Irish style oatmeal and pouched eggs with tomatoes and fries.Both dishes were delicious and we're going back there today to get lunch!!One of my favorite places for breakfast in NOLA! Jimmy J's is a hot spot filled with personality, & great staff who make you feel right at home in the cozy restaurant. I LOVED the Blueberry Brandy Glazed French Toast ($13) stuffed with Brie & served with Neuske's bacon or sausage. I don't eat sausage or bacon so I ordered a side of eggs instead which were PERFECTLY cooked! SN. They thought I ordered blueberry sausage on the side, so I gave them to my friend who fell in love, didn't know it was thing, but apparently a hit, so order that as well! I also had their hurricane, yes hurricane for breakfast, it was for Mardi Gras and delicious :) Great service, great food, great time!Great food and service! There was a little bit of a wait for lunch, but it wasn't bad. Servers were very friendly and gave some tips about exploring the city.Great little place for sandwiches and breakfast in the French Quarter!  Try the corned beef panini - delicious!If you're ever in New Orleans (French Quater area) and are looking for a quick tasty bite, stop into Jimmy J's!  It's small, so it isnt ideal for large groups, but the food, drinks, and service is great! The monte cristo sandwich with the house potatoes is amazing!This place is a gem. I had the pineapple pancakes which where delicious. The staff is friendly and helpful with city recommendations. It's a tiny little restaurant but it's worth the wait.Yummers! I had the crawfish benedict with a pancake on the side. I got to bypass the long line that everyone talked about by calling in my order for pick up. 
If you do feel like waiting or get lucky to be first in line when they open, they have a nice decor and friendly staff.Quaint little restaurant with 10 tables and a nice atmosphere.  Wife had the biscuits and gravy, which she claims was one of the best she has ever had.  I had the house special of poached eggs, polenta, and creole veggies. The polenta was very rich and creamy.  We wish we would have found this place earlier during our stay as it is worth many returns.Once again, wish I could give 3 1/2 stars. Fresh, funky, hole in the wall with great service. 2 of us at eggs rancho--looked good!- and yummy grits and cheese. I had shrimp po' boy. Crunchy shrimp,lots of bread (ate less than 1/2 roll), totally fresh toppings, not enough spicy mayo. Bacon bloody mary devoured by one on our party! Would  stop in on another visit.Really small place so seating is bad but the food is great. Try the eggs rancheros and the sangria. Great and fast service too.Came here during my bachelorette weekend.  I didn't realize how tiny it was until we got there.  Since we had a party of 7 and we right in the middle of breakfast I didn't think we would get a table but they were able to accommodate our party pretty quickly.  
Let me tell you the food was delicious!  I will definitely be returning on my next visit to New Orleans.It was my last night in New Orleans and my group decided to grab breakfast here. We had a group of 8 and our waiter/bartender/owner? told us that they only took 2 credit or debit cards per table. The majority of us didn't have cash so we had to spilt up into two tables. We should have left after that. I ordered a fruit smoothie and the blueberry brandy glazed french toast. I asked what type of fruit smoothies they had and apparently it was just one type. I then asked if I could substitute the meat from the entree ( I don't eat pork) for eggs and the server was like "ummmhmmmm", like he didn't want to do that.  OOOkkayyy. By this point I am already over this place and just wanted to eat. 
Our first table got their food pretty soon after ordering. The table I was at waited for over 15 minutes after our first table got their food. They were done eating when we got our food! 
The smoothie came out at the same time as our food...fine. However, the smoothie was so NASTY! I could not drink it. It tasted like it was made with greek yogurt, super sour with no fruit taste. When the menu said 'fresh fruit smoothie", I expected a juice-based smoothie with actual fruit. Hell, frozen fruit would have worked for me! The whole table tasted it and agreed it was disgusting and not worth $6.
The blueberry brandy-glazed brie french toast was also horrible. It was cold, not even warm. The brie was hard and not melty, like the french toast had been sitting out for like 15 minutes (hmmm?). Nobody's food at our table was warm.  I refuse to eat cold food. I called over the server and asked him (nicely, mind you) if I could get my toast warmed up because it was not hot. He said they didn't have a microwave, he asked if I wanted it remade or to take it off the bill. I had it taken off the bill because I didn't want to wait again.
At this point, my partner and I decided we needed to say something about the smoothie so my partner called the server over again. He basically told the server that the smoothie wasn't what he expected ( what he REALLY meant was that the smoothie SUCKED!). The waiter got belligerent and started talking down to my boyfriend (A PAYING CUSTOMER) asking what type of smoothie were you expecting?, and saying things like do you know what a smoothie is? And oh you are a yogurt expert? (when my boyfriend said he tasted greek yogurt in the smoothie). The server was arguing with my boyfriend over a smoothie in front of other customers in the "cafe"; that was so unprofessional. At first during the argument, the sever didn't want to take the smoothie off the bill saying "I'm not taking that off". My partner stayed calm during this unnecessary confrontation. The server eventually said "fine I'll take it off the bill", grabbed the smoothie, stormed off into the kitchen and dumped the smoothie into the trash (where it belonged haha) very aggressively. 
The waiter then began to take his anger out on the rest of our table when he ignored us when we waited to pay the bill. I was very tempted to walk out without paying. My friend had to literally yell him over because he was doing EVERYTHING else but take our bill.
I immediately went to Popeye's afterwards and had an AMAZING meal. Dang, a fast food restaurant prepared better food and had better customer service than this "cafe".
**side note: I feel like the cooks were out of it. It seemed to me (could be wrong) that they were drinking on the job. They went behind the bar to refill their cups.
I rate this place 0 out of 5 stars. It actually deserves negative stars if that was possible.
TL; DR: This place's food sucks, the attitude of the waiter also sucks. Only come here if you want a side of attitude and aggression with your salty eggs and cold french toast that cost $12+.Over rated. My blueberry French toast came cold with just a hint of brie. My wife's seafood omelet was just OK. Service?? The waitress seamed annoyed, never bother to ask if all OK and while my wife still had half her dish the check was thrown at the table.Nice little place for breakfast, lots to choose from. I like my food hot and it arrived at room temp. The waiter is loud and runs around a lot doing flat one-liners. I would recomend this place for breakfast due to lack of anything better.This place is amazing. We have eaten here 3 different times during our two day stay in New Orleans. We have been twice for breakfast and during that time Jeff was working and he made our experience great! He is very personable and friendly. Love the hat trick! Although the food served during dinner is equally amazing the environment is different seeing as Jeff only works the am shift! This place is worth the wait! The food and staff are great!!Very unique little restaurant. Amazing food and service. I had the Oreo pancakes and they were awesome! Definitely worth the wait!Get in here. Jesse da girl will take good care of you. I had the most delicious Cajun pork chop on her recommendation. She also gave me all the local jazz and music joints. Great good. Great service.Damn delicious! And everyone is so friendly. Rose and Jimmy make the experience. They're ah-mazing and so is the food!The food was soooo delicious. we are stuffed and happy  . The service was really great. It's cute, quaint spot with a huge flavor. Definitely happy  we came to visit.Best Cochon Benedict ever! Coffee was good and strong too. The biscuts and gravy were devine and the crescent sandi was sooo good. They gave us free monkey bread and got us out of there super quick when we said we were in a hurry!So trip advisor highly recommend this place and we have to agree. This place is great! Small in size huge in options and taste. We will be back here for sure. The food and service was just wonderful. One of the best finds this whole trip!!We ate breakfast here twice in the 5 days we were in New Orleans. They had really good breakfast food. I was not a fan of their eggs and polenta (which is a signature dish, apparently), there was zero salt used in this dish, which was a bummer because everyone else at my table got AWESOME food.
The second time we went there was a crab cake eggs benedict special, and it was magical. The portion was HUGE, I really wish I would have split it with someone at the table.
The bacon blood mary looked really good (because I love bacon), but I hate bloody maries, go figure. We got mimosas for the table instead. They pour them STRONG, and a full carafe is massive (there were 4 of us, and we each drank 2).
So, I say go with the omelettes, eggs benedict, and DEFINITELY go with a huge carafe of mimosas.In Nola to see WWII museum today and stopped by to eat dinner.  Party of three. My wife and I split an Ruben and my son for the Three Little Pigs and the Big Bad Chicken.  Service, food and a cozy atmosphere that can't be beat.  
The staff at Jimmy's always leaves me with the feeling that they sincerely appreciate your patronage.   Jon served up Jimmy's award winning Bacon Bloody Mary and Cora was an excellent server.   I'll be back in two weeks with friends.   Best recommendation for Jimmy's.Had breakfast there yesterday.  Very hospitable staff.  Constantly coming by to see if you needed anything and to fill your coffee.  Coffee was excellent and the food very good.  Rose was the best- get her as your server.  Very nice setting and warm environment.Delicious. Cool place, good music, good vibes, and great food. We had the chicken sandwich and the turkey club and loved them both. Highly recommend!I was totally surprised by how much I liked this place. The food was decent, but the staff was great! I loved the small-town vibe and the intimacy of the restaurant. It was a popular place for brunch (so go early) but I got right in for dinner. I tried the blackened shrimp and fried green tomato poboy and was pleased with the size of my portions. I like a little more flavor but, lucky for me, there was a bottle of my trusty Crystal hot sauce on the table. As I said, the waiter/bartender really made the meal special. He was attentive and hysterical! A great little spot that I'll likely come back to when I return to NOLA.Out of the several breakfast spots I've been to during my time in New Orleans, Jimmy J's has been one of my favorites. I ordered the Cochon Eggs Benedict, while my friend got the Pineapple Pancakes. I don't think we spoke at all while we ate cause the food was just that good. As far as price goes it's in the same range as most breakfast spots in the area but their menu has a wide range of options and hey, some of them are even on the healthier side! There were also two young gentlemen servers who were incredibly nice and down-to-earth and offered some suggestions on what to do while in town. Would definitely go back!Great place for breakfast. Small but clean and bright with local artwork and friendly service. Menu a step above normal diner fare. The brûléed oatmeal was crunchy/sweet on top and creamy underneath. Wheat toast was better quality than most places. Reasonable prices. Highly recommend!First time in NOLA and the food and service has been nothing short of amazing! Jimmy J's was close to our hotel and the food and staff were great. The pork chop was (I don't think there are any words).  I will definitely be headed back before we leave.So glad we wandered into here for a late lunch. Not only was the service great but so was the food! Will definitely make it a priority to come back here next time I'm in NOLA.It's a cozy and clean restaurant. The waitress was really kind! The menu it's so yummy. We order the spinach and goat salad and we really liked it...specially the dressing! The eggplant sandwitch was yummy too! The price is reasonable. I hardly recommend to go there!The owner was very rude to the guests. Yelled and pushed a guest out of the door way. The food was okay but no particularly worth an hour plus wait. The host and server was kind and welcoming and did a good job. Won't be returning !!!!I ordered the crab cake Benedict. Would've given 5 starts if service were a little better. Still recommend this.Cool little cafe and delicious breakfast with great service! It is small though. For more than 2 people I'd expect a wait.This place was amazing! The only downside is that you have to wait outside in line for a table, but it's worth it. Everything was delicious and so flavorful. The tomato's benny was my favorite, but the specials were also amazing.Pineapple Rum Raisin French Toast is the way to go.  Owned by Jimmy who owns the porno shop next door this is a small colorful little eatery/bar that plays r&b music as you chow down.  Caught this place after 2pm when most of the breakfast eateries in the area are closed.Loved this place!! We somehow came at the perfect time and were able to avoid a wait. However, it seems like there would normally be a wait. I had the pineapple raisin rum French toast. Delicious! My boyfriend had the biscuits and gravy, which we both loved as well. I had a bacon Bloody Mary - perfectly mixed and the right amount of spice. I only wished we had visited this place again before we left! Go for brunch!!We went to this place based on other yelp reviews and it did not disappoint. We were looking for a low key dinner on the cheaper side, and jimmy j's is exactly that. The walls were decorated with impressive pieces done by a local artist. My husband ordered the fried shrimp and oyster po boy. It was awesome! I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich which was also delicious! I substituted cheddar for Swiss which was no problem at all. The service was great. We'd def come back again!This is a cool little spot.  Weekend donuts are unbelievably good.   Great service and a fun place to eat.Good. Worth the wait. Will come back again but not on a weekend. Love my breakfast time and this filled my belly perfect!Worst food. It's 90 degree out there and no fan nor ac is turned on inside. I sat in the corner and fleas bites me on my leg.We loved this little cafe. Our server was very friendly and welcoming. The food was fantastic and we would definitely recommend it! Pulled pork breakfast was the best breakfast in New OrleansWent in for a snack. Corn and crawfish chowder and fried green tomatoes were awesome. Sangria was meh but quaint and good.  LittleThere aren't even words for how amazing this place is. The manager makes you feel like you're family friends as soon as you walk in. Its SUPER small so sometimes there is a little bit of a wait, but its 10000% worth the wait. They had the crabcake benedict as the special when we went & it was honestly the BEST breakfast dish I have EVER had. So amazing. Worth every single penny & every moment waiting. We went twice within our 3 day trip & will stop back here everyyyyy trip!!We had breakfast at Jimmy J's while vacationing in NOLA. The food was really good. My only complaint is that we were seated directly under a ceiling fan and it was cold. We asked them to turn it off and they said they were all wired with the lights so it wasn't possible. My food and coffee got cold super fast.We went at lunch and this very small space had ever table filled. The décor is campy but well done, the staff was friendly and local. Overall the food is just fine. No complaints but it wasn't memorable either. They don't seem to use high quality ingredients, the cheddar cheese is probably Kraft, you get where I am going. The bowl of grits had at least a stick of butter in it.  
This is more soul food than anything else. I won't be going back, at least not for breakfast: Ruby Slipper in the CBD or go further in the Quarter to the Grill.This place came highly recommend by a friend, so we stopped off for a late lunch and were thrilled we did!  The staff was friendly, seated us quickly and provided helpful feedback regarding the good selections. We ordered the white beans and rice with ham which was rich with flavor, not spicy (hard to find here), lovely and well balanced. Definitely comfort food I would love to have again. 
And the crab cake eggs benedict? Absolutely amazing. As a die hard, classic, eggs Benedict fan, this was a stretch and it was well worth it!!  Thanks for introducing my pallet to a whole new way to enjoy the EB!
We topped it all off with their gooey cake, thanks to the free coupon from Yelp, and they were super generous, giving us both our own instead of just one to share.   
I'd definitely come again, maybe for breakfast next time though. And definitely again for that eggs Benedict.The dude is cool
And abides. 
Étouffée was decent but not amazing and like warm. Gumbo was fantastic. Bacon bloody was delicious.Really the only place you need to eat in in NO. So many perfect options especially for breakfast. I had the crawfish eggs benedict, biscuits and gravy, french toast everything absolutely perfect. Must tryThis place was okay. It's a very small restaurant, with about 8 tables. The wait was pretty long and the staff were a little rude. I ordered the breakfast sandwich and it barely had anything on it, I was mostly eating bread.. wasn't worth the wait in my opinion.Do not miss this place for breakfast! Really, just don't miss it. There are only nine tables, so plan to wait in line, but the service is exceptional and they will have you in and out of there in under an hour. So the wait is never terrible. The French toast is divine. The seafood omelette is delicious and all of their dishes come with really tasty home cooked potatoes. Possibly the best breakfast I've had in my entire life, and we went back a second time just to be sure.My sister and I decided to come here for her birthday breakfast. Jimmy J's Café hit the nail on the head with its Shrimp and Grits dish. My relationship with grits will never be the same lol. The place is small and quaint the walls are covered in picture of famous musician of all genres. After having breakfast here we decided to have food delivered but we were not impressed. We decided on Jimmy J's favorite French toast "Monte Cristo." The French had cheese (which wasn't American as stated on the menu) with some type of fish (maybe sardine also not stated on the menu) and we also received our French toast with syrup already poured on for us (not happy about that either). The french toast wasn't bad just not want I was use to or wanted with this dish.  Would I return to Jimmy J's Café? Yes but only for the Shrimp and Grits.Went to NOLA back in February,
Went to this cafe for breakfast and it was great. You would need to get there early or just wait in line. It's not a big place so if there is a lot of ppl expect to wait for a long time. They have a bar area and really good mojitos. The price is very reasonable. I would recommend this place to anyone visiting the areaThis little hole in the wall was absolutely amazing. First time here, its a very small restaurant only seats 18 people so there was a line outside. Wasn't too long of a wait. There was so many options for food. I had the pineapple raisin rum French toast. It was good. I also had some of the shrimp and oyster po boy. That was AMAZING. Our server was great very friendly. I'd also recommend the donut appetizer !Jimmy J's was such an amazing establishment! This is a place you have to walk to as it is a little off the beaten path and you could surely drive right past it without even noticing. Oh but boy when you arrive you smell the savory aroma of the food here and are greeted with smiles and hellos! Some of the best breakfast food we had during our stay in New Orleans just hands down great authentic creole/Cajun cooking! Best bacon bloody Mary's in town and superb customer service! You have to check this place out you won't leave disappointed!After walking around the Garden District for half the morning in blistering heat, my mom and I were in desperate need of food & drink.  Not a block or two from our hotel in the CBD, we found heaven also known as Jimmy J's. 
Our waitress, Gigi, was very friendly and immediately brought us water and a carafe of their house red wine sangria.  The carafe is about the same price as two glasses and you get double the amount of sangria for the same cost.  On Gigi's suggestion, we each ordered a bowl of their shrimp and grits- New Orleans's BBQ shrimp on a bed of cheese grits.  This was one of the best meals I've ever had and I still dream about the shrimp & grits at Jimmy J's.  
This is definitely a casual eatery with a lot of heart. If your ever in the Quarter and need a quick lunch of soul-filling food, drop by Jimmy J's.First thing for you to know, this Cafe is teeny-tiny. If you're claustrophobic it's probably not the place for you. We didn't know that when our group of 8 moseyed in looking for a table. The gentleman who spoke with us was very accommodating and set us up with 2 tables. The music and atmosphere were awesome!
There was only one waitress (poor gal), but she was pretty good hustling and bustling all over. We ordered all over the place: cinnamon French toast, BBQ Shrimp Poboy, Cookies & Cream Pancakes, Fried Green Tomatoes, and Shrimp & Grits. 
Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their food. I got the Shrimp & Grits and I wanted to lick the bowl. No lie!  I was told that the Fried Green Tomatoes were awesome, and the Cookies & Cream Pancakes were "amazing". Really and truly, the food was some of the best I've had. 
The one downside is that it was very warm inside, but it was also packed the entire time we were there. I won't take a star away for that.  Everyone needs to come here.Crab cake Benedict was good french toast with blueberry filling was ok. Had to skip the first time we went due to the long line so if your going to go arrive early like 7am. Everyone was nice one of the waiters is funny though a little crazy at the same time. They decorated well it's very colorful on the inside.Hands down my favorite breakfast place in NOLA. Actually my favorite breakfast place ANYWHERE for that matter! The lines are long and the place is small but the quality is absolutely worth it! This was my 4th or 5th visit to this little gem hiding on a nondescript street that resembles an alley right off Canal and directly across from the Marriott. Our party of 6 this morning had zero complaints about anything on the menu. From the hand squeezed (pulp free!) orange juice squeezed right in front of you to the amazing entrees and breakfast potatoes- you can't go wrong. My favorites include the Seafood Omelette, Bananas Foster French Toast, Monte Cristo French toast (though I would order the syrup on the side) and the breakfast pork chops (they are so good they almost broke this Texas girl's heart). Start off with a mimosa made with that rockin' orange juice and an order of their beignet sticks (with a side of chocolate and cream cheese sauces) and get ready for the best breakfast of your life. No trip to the Big Easy should be complete without it. Trust me.The best breakfast I had while visiting NOLA! Friendly service and awesome food!We came to Nola for the essence festival... the line was wrapped around the building the day we tried to go so we decided to do delivery. I got the western omelette with a side of French toast and my friend got the shrimp and oyster Po boy. 
The food was amazing, perfectly seasoned veggies and ham and the eggs were fresh. The French toast was the perfect portion and not too thick.
I definitely recommend this place if and when you come to Nola.Ok, need to clarify/update...just found out they changed their hours! They close at 3pm every day!
Unfortunately, their website and signage are not updated! Still states 11pm close!
Caught them at 2:30 before 3pm close and had special fried fish sandwich, crawfish etoufee and fried shrimp basket. All very good and sandwich big enough for two! David, our server, was friendly and attentive (we were only ones there by after 3pm). He said they changed closing time early March 2018.Good was excellent! 
I had the ham and cheese croissant sandwich. It was amazing! 
My boyfriend had the eggs Benedict... He loves it also! 
All the servers were pleasant, and funny. 
Jessie was great and provided us a transit map and a few suggestions.This place is amazing! All the food in NOLA is good, but this places stands out with its great bloody Mary's, biscuits and gravy, po boy subs, and omelets. Friendly staff, go here!Nice place with some pretty good grub--great service. The coconut mojito and cucumber mojito were delicious. This place is definitely a three and a half. Please, Yelp, add half stars!They messed up my order, there was shell in my eggs (which appeared to be deep fried), the only thing I could taste in my bloody mary was horseradish and the staff were bickering. The only good thing was the po  boy my husband ordered.  All together, a fairly unpleasant meal.There are times when you are extremely indecisive on where you want to eat during your travels, especially in a city with almost 2,000 amazing choices! We decided to stay close to our hotel before checking out and stumbled upon Jimmy J's. When we walked in I couldn't believe how small it is here, luckily it wasn't busy at all and we were able to sit immediately. Our server was friendly & the menu offered many breakfast options. I personally ordered the Breakfast Burrito while my husband had a Burrito Special with pork, he loved his very much. 
My only negative remark is how long the food actually took to make, there were only two tables total including us while we were here.  Enjoy!Party of two for breakfast.   We live a couple hours away from Nola and have been coming here for nearly thirty years.  This was the best breakfast experience we've had all time.  Open at 7:00 am with jazz music. Greeted by super friendly staff and offered coffee right away.  We had the Seafood Omelet and the Eggs Americano.  My wife said her eggs were cooked perfectly to order.  The Seafood Omelet was fantastic with the seafood being prepped like it was going to be a main entree.  The home fries on both plates were great.  I'll go on record and give Jimmy J's my best recommendation. The combination of atmosphere, food quality, and service here is unmatched.  Service staff Jeff and Tasha were tops.love love this place, breakfast was great! its a very small place so be prepare for a wait! i only had a few people in front of me so the wait wasn't too bad.. currently theres construction in front of the restaurantThe crab cakes Benedict is to die for! The hash browns were a bit salty for my taste, but also delicious. The servers were helpful and pleasant.I had THE BEST Eggs Benedict with tomatoes (Tomatoes Benny on the menu) I have ever eaten in my life!!  LOVED this restaurant and I will be trying hard to recreate the jalapeño hollandaise at home!! My husband had the bananas Foster French toast and was in heaven!! Can't wait to come back to New Orleans and have breakfast here again!Awesome!!!! Funky little place with huge portions and huge taste! Can't wait to go back !Got a delivery and was very impressed! I got the egg white and veggie omelette with turkey and a butter cake slice. Omelette was inevitably greasy but not swimming in oil. The turkey was amazing - not your generic sliced Oscar Meyer! Hashbrowns on the side were nice solid chunks of potato. The butter cake I got for free with a coupon and it was pretty good. Not too sweet, would pair perfectly with a cup of coffee. PLUS no minimum and only 50¢ for delivery ! And delivery guy was very sweet. Definitely ordering again :)I am so glad we found this spot. The menu has great selections for decent prices. We seriously kept staring at everyone around us to see what they got and it all looked so good! When we got our food it was excellent. 
Our waitress was playfully sassy, just my type of person. 
This has been my favorite breakfast/brunch spot in nola to date. Cant wait to go back!!This place is awesome.  We were in New Orleans for Jazz Fest and we ate at Jimmy J's almost every day.  The food is four star restaurant quality for 1/2 the price.  The Juevos Rancheros are easily the best I've ever tasted.  Make sure to add Chorizo sausage.  The guys who work there are extremely welcoming and easy going. Highly recommended.I was looking forward to eating at Jimmy J's but I was let down.  The service was the worst I have ever seen.  As we waited to speak with someone on (2) different days the staff just walked right by.  They didn't even say hello.  I understand that things down south are slow but I couldn't believe how long everything took.  Everyone that was working was very nice but I would never go back.  I wouldn't even say it was worth stopping in since there are so many places to choose from in New Orleans.
We both ordered Eggs Benedict and it was below average.  They do make a stiff Bloody Mary.  I know this because I sat at the bar for 20 minutes waiting for our take out.Fast, friendly service. Crazy tasty food. Great location. Fun, clean interior. Diverse menu. That about sums it up! 
Definitely recommend the cochon burrito and brie stuffed French Toast. You won't be disappointed.Woke up feeling hungry and after Yelping out places close to the hotel, we decided to stop by Jimmy J's. I ended up ordering a Crab Cake Benedict, which was solid. I wouldn't say it was mindblowing but I was definitely full after finishing the plate. We didn't want to wait too long (max 10 minutes for the table to clear) to get seating, but granted it was on a random Tuesday morning. I wouldn't wait if there was a long brunch line, not worth it.
All in all, solid place for brunch if you're in the neighborhood and looking for a nice atmosphere to eat.Came with a larger party so I was able to try many options off the menu and all were great! Thanks to the staff they were amazing.Arrived late Monday night with a group of 6. We were quickly sat and taken care of with a smile. Variety of dishes were ordered from Po Boys, Gumbo, Omelets and Pancakes... Everything was superb along the way... I look at this place as an off the beaten path Hidden Gem in the Quarter...Awesome breakfast spot! The cochon eggs Benedict was amazing. Get it. They make a serious bacon Bloody Mary. The service was excellent and all the servers were cool.We found this litter dinner on a whim and decided to try it out. We had to wait outside for about 30-45 mins for a group of 4 on a Tuesday at around 10. That wait was totally worth it once we finally got inside and ordered. I went with the Cochon Eggs Benedict and it was amazing! Very filling, the English muffins it was on we're actually my favorite part because they were just that good. The potatoes it came with were perfectly seasoned as well. A friend ordered the fried green tomatoes topped with crab cake as an appetizer and they were amazing! I was only able to sneak in a bite but it was delicious! The place is very tiny, maybe 15 table squeezed in there. Service was great, as soon as we sat down we were greeted for drink and food orders if we were ready. I would definitely go again when I go back to New Orleans.DEEEELISH!  Jimmy J's is not a big place, so you may have a wait.  Do it!  
JJ's is cute and cozy, super yummy and has a fabulous wait staff. You'll be glad you stopped in. 
.Amazing food, amazing drinks, and an even more amazing staff.  The cucumber mojito was to die for as was my mozzarella/tomato panini. I wanted to change out the pesto on my sandwich with a different type and instead of only giving me one option, our waitress - Rose, brought me both! Usually most restaurants charge extra for things like that, but not here!  We also ordered the pancakes which were so perfectly made it was unreal! Delicious food, perfectly made to order!Worth the wait. There's only about 9 tables inside so its hard to get in without waiting. You must get a glass of orange juice. Freshly made. So so so good. I had the ham and cheese croissant with side of home fries. It was all very good. We also got the blueberry brandy French toast with a side of scrambled eggs. Also so good. If you have the time to wait a little to get in, definitely come here!!Just came back from another memorable trip to NOLA!  We had breakfast at Jimmy J's our second day there and ate every meal there for next three days!  This will be a line outside for breakfast, just be patient and wait trust me it's worth it!  The biscuits and gravy were unbelievable, had Gumbo for dinner, fried green tomatoes.  All amazing using local ingredients..... we were told by the amazing and colorful staff.  The staff is friendly, funny Zac and Trevor remembered us every morning for breakfast.  Not to be missed, can't wait to go back!Visited 2.17.15 and 2.20.15 
It's good and quick! So good I had to do it twice! 
The first visit I had the biscuit and gravy it was good. Shared the crab cakes Benedict (which they use a biscuit instead of a muffin). Very filling and great way to start Fat Tuesday. 
The second visit was an omelet per the server.I visited this place while on vacation. The food was good, and the customer service was really wonderful. It was refreshing, especially for the French Quarter.  
Highly recommended.Awesome food and drinks for a good price. Great service. The place is pretty small however and theres usually a line.Great place to have breakfast in Nawlins! The lovely and helpful red head recommended a delicious dish for me to start my day. The Crab Cakes Eggs Benedict were delicious.
The place was quaint, but the internal decor was larger than life. Get there fast to get your seat.Went for breakfast this morning...
Small place,  limited seating.  Simple menu.  Service was good.  I ordered the breakfast bowl  (also called the hangover bowl). Basically a bowl of grits with eggs, bacon, sausage and cheese on top. I was excited to see what their grits would taste like. Sadly,  I was underwhelmed.  They had no flavor at all.  No butter or cream or anything.  Definitely not what I was expecting for New Orleans.  
I did however,  enjoy my mimosa! It was in a small glass. Initially I turned up my nose at it. But for a small drink, they really go hard with the champagne lol. 
All in all a decent place. Just maybe more basic than I was anticipating.So good!!! Andrew Zimmerman says go eat at the place with the longest line. This place has a long but fast moving line! Eggs Cochon was fabulous! Mimosas are yummy too!!I loved this place.  I went here a couple times for breakfast during my trip.  They had a great breakfast and the service was great.  You have to try this place.My husband and I visited around 1030 and we had to wait which is fine. You usually have a wait anywhere. The service was GREAT. The staff here was friendly and fast. However we weren't impressed with the food. I got the monte cristo French toast and I was so excited about it. But the French toast was like soggy and didn't seemed cooked all the way. My husband got the banana foster French toast. His was soggy too but not like mine. Since his was cooked that way too I figured it was just how they make it. Very little seating which is why there is a wait. But this place has great reviews so maybe try again.While visiting NOLA my boyfriend found this delicious restaurant. The employees were beyond welcoming. I ordered a mimosa and Dan ordered the best Bloody Mary we've ever had. 
As for food, we ordered the Cochon burrito and Blueberry brandy glazed French toast which was stuffed with Brie. It was delicious, not too sweet with the perfect amount of glaze. The burrito had pulled pork that was perfectly seasoned along with fresh salsa. Basically after brunch we ended up going back for dinner !!! for dinner we had the montecristo and fried shrimp n oyster po' boy. Amazing! Our brunch came out to a total of $45 and dinner only $26. Love this little hole in the wall!FANTASTIC meal! Awesome service!
We had the Monte Cristo and the oatmeal. One of the BEST meals in New Orleans. We will definitely be back!Went to Jimmy J's with a couple of work friends for lunch today.  Food was delicious.  I had the Catfish Po-boy, which is a favorite of mine.  It was HUGE.  The catfish was in a light batter and came out hot and juicy.  I subbed the French Fries for a fruit salad, which I figured would either be a typical canned fruit cocktail dumped in a bowl or a couple of pieces of fruit on a piece of lettuce.  Neither, it was a small soup sized bowl of freshly cut fruit.  I know it was fresh because there were chopped apples that were just beginning to get brown flesh. One at my table ordered French Onion Soup (which we didn't really care for) and a Cochon deLait/Gouda sandwich on Cibatta bread.  She let me taste the Cochon and it was some of the best I've ever had.  I have to go back now to get that.  We met Jimmy as he is a friend of one who was at our table.  Very personable and friendly, going to each table talking to diners.  Good Job Jimmy!  I will be back.I sooo love this place. My family and I ate here 3 nights in a row. Always trying something different and needless to say, EVERYTHING WAS GREAT. The servers were awesome and supper friendly. The place is small with a big taste. I cant say enough about this place. We tried other resturants but NOT one could compare to Jimmy J's. Great work guys...I had the mushroom & cheese omelette with home fries and a biscuit. Great breakfast spot!Not sure what happened to this restaurant!
We tried going there yesterday, 6/7, at 6:30pm for dinner but it was closed! Doors locked, chairs up on tables, no reason posted outside!
So today, 6/8, we decided to call first to be sure open....no answer, no voicemail! On the way back from dinner at Landrys (very good), we decided to stop by and check. Same thing...still closed with no reason posted! Very disappointed with Jimmy J's! Was hoping to try them again for a good mealThis review will be strictly for the food because I don't want to comment on the service. All I'm going to say is that we all have bad days (or nights) and last night might have been one of those days for our waitress. Ok enough about that. Back to review you're looking for!! Theeee FOOD! So ever since I landed I knew I had to stop by and get me a Monte Cristo and I did!! I can't describe how scrumptious it was! The syrup, ham,bacon, cheese and bread all melt in your mouth! Bite after bite I kept savoring it more and more each time!! It was decadent and delicious! I tried items from other peoples plates (people I was with lol) and they were just as yummy specially the bacon jelly! Will return for their delicious FOOD next time I'm in town!I came here my last time I was New Orleans and I had an amazing experience. The wait was long to get in but the food was amazing. I am here with a group of friend celebrating a birthday and recommended we eat here to my friends. The wait wasn't that long to get in however once inside and after we ordered. We watched several guests that came in after us get served their food. I believe we waited an hour to get our food. When we asked when we could expect our food we got a very short "it's coming up" followed by another guest that arrived after us getting his food. When we finally got the food. Not only was half of our order wrong, THE FOOD WAS COLD! It's as if they made the food and just forgot about it. When we told her our order was wrong she offered to get us the right order but now we have been in here for over and hour and didn't want to risk another hour wait. I feel embarrassed taking my friends here to celebrate a birthday especially when I praised it so much before hand. This review is based on the experience and not the food. The experience was terrible.Awesome little place in new orleans. The french toast was great and service was quick.Came back in the evening for a Bacon Bloody Mary and the Mrs. had a  Category 5 Hurricane.  The bloody is prepared with Bacon Vodka and a piece of Neuskes bacon which is applewood smoked. Nicely garnished the drink seasoned perfectly.  The mix does not overpower the subtle bacon flavor in the vodka.  
The hurricane here is made with fresh fruit juices and a blend of spirits that led my wife to say that this was the best she has ever had in New Orleans. I'm typing this review as I sit in Jimmy J's for the second day in a row for breakfast.I really enjoy this place. I came here twice in the same weekend.  Reasonable prices, great drinks and the people who work here are all unbelievably polite and helpful!Oh boy. New Orleans is no joke when it comes to food. This is a must stop. The po boy boy biased pork yummmmmmmmmy.Popular little place so I'm glad we got in early! It's a small place, so you have to wait outside for your table. There was a little misunderstanding and we were about to be seated before a couple who was actually ahead of us. The guy in charge really should have taken names because we weren't really in a line yet (there weren't many of us yet). Well, we ended up getting seated anyway because the lady ahead of me decided to take the mistake as a personal insult and after huffing and puffing, she stormed off dragging her husband along.
The food was great! I had a great bloody mary with plenty of yummy veggies in it. There are three types of bloody marys to choose from. Then for breakfast, I had the crab benedict and love love loved it. No wonder this place gets crowded fast (besides the fact that it's tiny)!Beware: the wait time is LONG and outside so you are waiting in the heat. We waited about 45 minutes (no joke) and was sweating like crazy (sorry kinda gross) but we decided to stay because we heard a lot of good things about the place. It is really small inside, maybe about 10 tables max. We ordered the crab cake eggs Benedict, it was okay. The crab cake was too mushy for us and not crunchy at all. It's not worth the long wait, the food was okay but nothing amazing to wait outside in the heat that long.Free gooey butter cake w/ Yelp check in.  Brunch Food is amazing.  Bacon Bloody Mary and hurricanes are dope.  Jesse and Ginger Spice are the ultimate server tag team.  Great job girls.Ah second time not the charm :( Service was totally erratic today for some reason, had to ask multiple times for coffee, and water that still hasn't arrived 15min later. A different chef meant the dishes tasted totally different too. Eggs were overcooked the first time - they kindly replaced them which was nice, but then they were totally, totally undercooked so that just ruined the meal and we left wondering what happened. A little hit and miss, but we all have off days I guess.Delicious!  Worth the wait!  Carafe mimosas available. Breakfasts plates are unique. Quaint place. Service was great. The line was at least 20 mins. Long.Great service and amazing food. We had the fried green tomatoes and the ranchero omelet. Get the homage sausage!So glad I discovered Jimmy J's this trip, Staff was friendly, we were looking at the menu and someone eating at the restaurant said we had to get our butts in there.  Small but wonderful food, made as you request, and I did;)!
Go enjoy.A good little breakfast place. I think it's much better than the overly hyped Daisy Dukes in the Quarter. We had the seafood omelets and breakfast pork Chops. Everything was fresh. Waitress asked us if we'd like some Monkey Bread. I guess I ass-u-med it was like a condiment) you know, bread?) but be forewarned : while it was good, it's not free ($5.75) and it's really not necessary with all the other food they bring you. Get there early before the other tourists make the line unbearable.Ate here twice during our 5 days in New Orleans and the food was by far the best we had of anywhere else.  The French toast Monte Cristo is excellent for breakfast or dinner.  I had an omelet on our second visit and it was excellent as well. My wife tried the cucumber mojito and raved about it.  If we get back to New Orleans this will definitely be a place we return to.