The service was slow at first. Red beans and rice was delicious....just how I like em. Sweet potato fries great , mustard greans great, and Lamb shank fell off the bone..great! The Reuben was only ok. The best part was that my son paid for lunch!Garbage, I think.  Walked in to a mostly empty place.  Greeted or acknowledged by nobody.  Servers almost exclusively on their phones.  Waited about 10 minutes then vacated to a neighboring restaurant that was interested in serving food and drink.  Hundreds  of great options in NOLA, many on Magazine St.  Skip this diner for sure.I ordered claws; the peon was a little small.  They were good,  but fried in bread crumbs, which is not my preference.  
I also ordered crab and corn bisque.  Again,  good not great.   
The French fries were frozen.Laissez les bons temps rouler mes ami! 
Mardis Gras is just now starting to sober up a bit and nothing can help a good recovery better than a great meal. And, it only takes walking in the front door at Joey K's to understand that this will be a GREAT meal.
I was going to go on about fresh and locally sourced...you know all that great food mumbo jumbo! But then i thought, wait a dang minute. If a picture is worth a thousand words, then these snaps just could be a novel!Really friendly, great fried catfish tacos, outstanding red beans and rice. Nice down home atmosphere. Definitely a must do!Wasn't as impressed with this place as I was expecting to be. We saw this place on D.D.D. And was sold that I had to come. We had lack lusher service and the food did not live up to the hype, I could of skipped this place.We had our daughter's rehearsal / out of town dinner at this restaurant per a friend's recommendation. The guests loved it and the location was charming. We heard they were highlighted in Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives and they didn't dissapoint. A must-stop location for anyone in the area!We stopped in on a whim after seeing the sign on the door that said "Sorry we are Open". The atmosphere is great - lots of cute little signs all about to make you smile. The service was friendly and efficient. We started with the fried artichoke hearts which were great and man do they pile it high. After talking to the chef for a minute he said he loves the chicken and red beans, so that is what I had. The red beans were cooked with some ham hock and were very tasty, of course served with rice and the fried chicken on top which was very crisp and tasty. My wife had the Ceasar Salad with Fried Oysters which was a very tasty salad with lots of oysters. We had a great meal and will be back.Excellent little restaurant and bar in the garden district.  Staff is great and the food is excellent.  Prices are hard to beat.  It's not a 5* restaurant but it's 5* on yelp.Service: our server was sweet and very friendly. Quickly refilled drinks and kept up with any and everything we might have needed. 
Food: the onion rings= flipping amazing!!! They were not over battered, definitely not just the average frozen onion rings. The 3 different meals that we ordered were all delicious and a great deal! Just a bit of advice: order the onion rings!!!!!Después de 2 años y medio volví con mi hijo... no se si es bueno o malo lo poco innovador, pero la comida sigue con la misma calidad, el servicio es humilde y cordial, y el ambiente tal como lo dejamos
Volveremos siempre...Just go here. From the outside it could be any dive, but inside it is bright and friendly. The staff is wonderful, the food is just fantastic, from the delicious Shrimp Magazine to some of the best fried catfish I've enjoyed in years.This was my favorite meal in New Orleans.  The menu is not pretentious and the service was fast and friendly.  If the fried green tomatoes with grilled shrimp are on the menu get them!  I'm still dreaming about them and that remoulade sauce they were served with.  A must visit in the garden district.This place was awesome!  Russell, a super concierge at the Ritz, suggested we try Joey's as it was his personal "where the locals" eat favorite.  We stopped in for lunch - The Eggplant Napoleon with crawfish cream sauce was UNBELIEVABLE!  Fried Green tomatatoes with grilled shrimp and remoulade - almost as incredible!  Gumbo - the real deal too!   
The next day, we returned for dinner!  Lamb shank that fall off the bone, fried oysters that melt in your mouth, stewed chicken were some of our picks - Prices are great too!  Don't forget to indulge in the bread pudding with caramelized rum sauce!The food was phenomenal. A party of three of us came in at lunch and we were all impressed. I had stewed chicken which was very flavorful and the perfect size. The restaurant was roomy and comfortable and the service was fast and efficient. The prices were reasonable running from 10-20$ per person.I will go back here again to have the fried catfish!  It was so fresh and well fried...  I wish I had more room, as it was all you could eat.
The lamb shank is good but not fantastic.  The fried chicken is crispy, moist and flavorful!Pretty good food and dessert also.  I love coming here.  The catfish is really good.  So is the potato salad.  I've been so many times but have never had any disappointment in the food or quality.Some locals recommended Joey K's for lunch and I was really excited to eat there. The menu is pretty varied, featuring both Southern and Cajun inspired dishes. Since we can eat great Southern food in our hometown, the bf and I opted for po boys and sweet potato fries. The roast beef po boy was excellent, but the fried oyster one was really disappointing. It was served with mayonnaise instead of remoulade, which made it really bland.  I regret not ordering a Southern dish because I think this is where the restaurant must excel. The service was actually good, contrary to some of the reviews posted here. 
I would definitely try Joey K's again, but my advice is to avoid the oyster po boy and try the Southern food instead.Neighborhood restaurant with good southern comfort food.
Pros
Good comfort food
Friendly staff
Good specials
Cons
Not mind blowing food
Can get a lil too crowdedAte there last night.  Oh how I wish we'd have chosen elsewhere.  Ended up at Joey K's when the place we planned to go a few blocks away was too packed and we were not in the mood for waiting.  My friend said "hey, this restaurant was in DDD"...cool!
Well...the atmosphere is cool...in the front of the restaurant.  Unfortunately, while I made a quick stop into the restroom, my friends were brought to our table...in the BACK corner (while there were plenty of options up front).  It's kinda dungeonesque / psycho ward-ish back there.  Strike One.
We started off with fried artichokes...pretty good.  Can't really mess it up.  Decided on the Lamb Shank which comes with mustard greens and new potatoes.  Although the meat literally fell off the bone and was very tender, it was desecrated by this horrid package-gravy brown slop that was slathered all over the top of it.  Yuck.  That's all I can say...yuck.  The mustard greens were bitter.  My friend cooks amazingly better mustard greens in her crock pot at home!  The new potatoes...well, they're potatoes...again, what can you do to mess it up (aside from letting some of that nasty "gravy" get on them)?  Oh, and what the heck was that weird green gelatin in the side cup???  Yuck, yuck.  The food: BIG Strike Two.
Strike Three: the unimpressive server who never offered refills on the drinks, never brought napkins.  We only saw her appear to bring us the check.  In retrospect, we over-tipped.
Not impressed...won't be back...EVER.Our group of 14 had an absolutely fantastic dinner. The MAC & Cheese is to die for. The service was extraordinary. Our server Kaitlyn was attentive and got the food out to our group so no one was waiting. Can't say enough good things about our experience!I've been eating at Joey K's for years now, and I have yet to be disappointed. Everything from the onion rings to the eggplant napolean to the daily specials are delicious. Everything is reasonably priced too!Don't bother 28th this place unless you like to eat rice disguised as jambalaya.  Also slow service.Home cooked meal.... yes sir!!!! Great food!! I love the fact that it reminded me of mommas cooking. Nothing like REAL mashed potatoes, No wait.... large portions and delicious tea!
No complaints other than bathroom wait.Really really fresh and good seafood. I order food to go everything was nice and hot. The wait staff very friendly. Happy hour margarita four stars. I will revisitI recently went on a Saturday night for the first time. We were greeted immediately by two different servers and offered a round of drinks while we waited for a table. Delicious margaritas in huge glasses! 
The lighting was a little too bright for my dining preference, but it fit appropriately with the laid back, casual vibes of the restaurant. I also really enjoyed the 80's hair band tunes as I ate some of the best fried chicken of my life! The mashed potatoes and green beans were mediocre but the quality and taste of the fried chicken made up for it. 
I was very disappointed with the bread pudding. It was flavorless and was swimming in a pool of sauce. It definitely smelled so much better than it looked. Should've gone with the blackberry cobbler!Joey K's had great service and food. The red beans and rice was excellent! Temperature and flavor was right on point. The Catfish and Shrimp po-boy's were dressed right and seasoned. The best meal on the table was the fish tacos. The slaw inside the tacos was a good juxtapose to Catfish. Great service and very reasonably priced. Will be back!We wanted to check this place out because of Triple D.  We got there and it was packed, tons of people waiting outside.  The staff were friendly and I put my name on the list but it was a gorgeous day and we managed to snag a seat outside.
There were four of us and we started with the onion rings which were big and pretty good.  Two of us got the jambalay and two got shrimp po-boys.
The jambalaya got good reviews although I wasn't too impressed with the few bites I tried, there was too much rice and not enough other stuff.  The po-boys were nothing special.  Maybe I don't like po-boys but I'm not sure.
Overall our food was fair.  I've been to other spots that Guy has visited and was much more impressed.A co worker of ours recommended this restaurant and asked us to taste the Eggplant Napoleon, which was the best dish we ate. We also had the poor boy and fish but they were nothing special. We must have come to the place when it was very busy and late in the evening thus the service was mediocre.Joey K's wins the award for "worst waitress encounter." I went here for a friend's birthday. Myself and one other girl have restricted diets, so we normally wouldn't have come here, but it was a special occasion. I usually prefer to figure something out myself, but she went ahead and asked the waitress for a recommendation. Her response? A very snotty "Go to the Chinese place next door." Wow. I have never been treated so poorly before. We would have left, but it was our friend's birthday, so we stayed and ended up finding several good options on the menu with minor modifications. I guess the waitress was just too lazy to actually help. Since our waitress was kind enough to ask us to leave, I can assure you that I will never go back to Joey K's. In hindsight, I regret being too concerned with not ruining my friend's birthday to say something to the manager and get that girl fired. What an unacceptable way to treat your customers.So I work in the service industry and normally never leave a review. However, though the service was great - the server was super nice and attentive- the food was the worst meal I've ever had in New Orleans. And I live here. Granted I probably ordered non specialty items: the fried artichoke, fries and crab corn bisque, but they were still so flavorless. The fries tasted and looked like they were from a freezer, you couldn't even taste corn, let alone crab, in the bisque. And the fried artichoke tasted rotten. How does that even make it past the line? All I know is that I'll never be back again.Good new orleans home cook'n. Great local atmosphere with local art by Simon. The food is good but not great.Local gem, on busy Magazine St. with tourists (like me) but clearly a neighborhood diner as well. Lots of locals were eating here when we were there, which is a good sign. Very reasonable prices, great food, friendly service.spaghetti and meatballs    mediocre   sauce meh
stewed chicken......very good.....good price
shrimp magazine.....overpriced......very oily.......taste:meh.....
menu needs improvement......use to be able to eat "around"  the menu.....more limited.Wonderful local place.  We go for the fried catfish occasionally - quite good.  This past visit we also ordered fried onion ring appetizer and it was a frigging mountain of food.  The fried catfish are not those slender little filets, but more thick chunks of fish.  The prices is very reasonable.  We both walked out with doggie bags.A* excellent lunch. Fried artichoke hearts, peach sangria, fried green tomatoes with grilled shrimp & huge sandwiches were enjoyed. Located right in the heart of the Garden District. 
Highly recommendSimple diner with great staff. Great Food and beer is very decently priced.  Onion rings were cooked to perfection and all you can eat fried catfish was cooked very good.While visiting the Garden District we asked around for someplace for lunch and was told to come here. It was packed! Cute little place though. We really just wanted a snack so I ordered the soup of the day which was corn and shrimp chowder and my husband got gumbo. After seeing a gal next to me eating mac and cheese (which looked really good as is a favorite) we asked for a side of that too. We each had a drink, my husband had a mint julep and I had a mimosa. Cheap drink prices here! Mimosas were $5! I enjoyed my chowder, it was a bit rich. The waitress did not bring us any bread and no napkins. The mac and cheese was not very good. It was cheesy but only seemed to have cheddar cheese. I only had a bite. I wouldn't return unless it was just to get drinks.I've been here a couple times now. The service is great and everyone is so nice. Personally, I got the eggplant parm and loved it - the server said that the sauce was a little sweet, which sounds like it would be weird, but it was and it was great. 
The menu has a little more fried food than I normally prefer but they have a lot of options.
Definitely a local vibe here! YumWe were really mixed with this review. Usually we're all on the same page, but not here. 
It was perfectly fine. Not memorable, but not bad either. It's food you can get mostly anywhere. That said, it's very kid friendly which was nice. 
You won't be upset if you eat here, but you won't be thrilled either.Joey K's is a very nice,  clean, family friendly restaurant that is fairly priced. The food really does taste like homecoming. I love eating here and try to stop by weekly. 
Also, the root beer float is a real gem. I order it in place of my beverage and make it last all through dinner.Great food, service was kind of slow but very nice and helpful, could use good floor cleaning, food was cooked and in under 20 minutes and was hot!The red beans and rice and the all-you-can-eat catfish are TO DIE FOR! Sooooo good! From now on when I visit NOLA, I know I can't leave without having those two items from Joey K's first.Wow! My family and I were traveling down magazine street looking for a quick, yummy eat and decided to stop here. I got the red beans and rice, which was absolutely fantastic! It comes with a delicious smoked sausage. With it having been my first southern food experience, I can't compare it to anything, but it sure was good. A longish wait is my only complaintWhat a disappointment.  We were so looking forward to a casual southern dinner and had high hopes for this place.  Trout - not bad but the new potatoes were hardly cooked and the vegetables were basically bland broc stalks.  My husband's fish, oyster and shrimp "sampler" plate was one big brown plate of fried food. The lighting was bright and added very little to the atmosphere of the room.  We had many other nice dinners in the city.Friendly and attentive staff! Side Caesar salad ($3.50) was a decent size but had a bit too much dressing. Creole jambalaya ($10.95) was underwhelming with not enough meat. I really enjoyed the relaxed atmosphere and would likely come back just for that.Great prices for good New Orleans comfort food. I had the shrimp poboy with a small order of fries and my friend has catfish tacos. The wait was no more than 20 minutes for a busy day. I would recommend Joe K's to friends and family looking for tasty local food at a good price. The atmosphere was comfortable and fun, casual restaurant.Looked them up because of the diners, drive in, and dives show. Great food and service. Had the daily special of fried green tomatoes, wife had soft fish tacos and daughter had the meatball po-boy. Will try something new on next visit. Give them a try.Okay, for starters I LOVE this place! It was my first time going here and I am from up north minnesota area. I got the hamburger steak which is a monday special and it was absolutely outstanding. It came with a side of corn, a side of rice and this really really good sauce that was dressed all over the the hamburger steak!! Also, came with a side of cornbread all for around $11! I was absolutely full afterwards. This was the best meal i've had in New Orleans since i've been here for the past week! Go there and you'll see what I mean.We like to go here because it's affordable and both my husband and I can find something we like. There are some excellent menu items and some not-so-great ones to avoid. As a true southerner, I'm very picky about my turkey and dressing. Theirs is a bit too sweet and lacking flavor. The mashed potatoes need more butter and salt but are okay.  Lots of good food though to be had, like the fried shrimp plate, the onion rings, and the jambalaya The poboys are generous, cheap and delicious. The grilled chicken is well seasoned and comes with a buttery, cajun seasoned side of new potatoes. A good restaurant where you can get lots of food for a reasonable price.We arrived at 1:30pm on a Saturday, only had to wait a few minutes to be seated. The fried green tomatoes with grilled shrimp were delicious. I had the fish tacos, my son had mashed potatoes and gravy and my wife had the jambalaya. The fish tacos were big and tasty. So glad I got them. We all liked the mashed potatoes and gravy and the jambalaya was a big portion, my wife couldn't finish. We'd definitely go back!An all around good neighborhood restaurant whether it is for a casual dinner with friends or even a rehearsal dinner! I randomly discovered that Joey Ks was the best place for my intimate rehearsal dinner. The wedding party had the whole second floor to themselves. The ambience is typical Nola style without pretension. There were hardwood floors and high ceilings plus long glass doors that open to a wrap around balcony that was delightful with the March breeze. The staff was very helpful and even attempted to decorate the tables when I was running late with dropping off my table decorations.
There was a good variety of typical New Orleans cuisine to choose from. Starter was a choice of house salad or Corn and shrimp bisque. Yes their famous fried catfish was on the menu as well as the more exotic lamb shank, pork sirloin or shrimp pasta. Dessert was either peach cobbler or bread pudding. We ordered our booze by consumption but they will work with you if you want to do it another way.
The only cons were wheelchair or walker bound people would never be able to make it upstairs. The staircase is steep and parts of the railing do not feel sturdy.
Also some people may not like street parking. However, I never had a problem finding a spot. Bottom line..since we didnt have wheelchair bound people I would do it again in a hypothetical heart beat.The guests raved about the food and I loved the cozy setting.Very cool place, but the food is just not very good. Was referred to this place by a neighbor of a house we were staying at while visiting. The restaurant is nicely decorated, and you can tell the locals love it. The service was great, but the food was just not good. I can't understand how the locals think this is 5 star when there's so many other restaurants in the area that are actually good, fresh food. 
Guy from DDD is either paid off, or confused.We have probably gone to Joey K's more than most other restaurants in town because I am in love with the all you can eat catfish.
Just a really great spot on Magazine.
Pop in next time you are in the area.First time in New Orleans. Found this place through a search and word of mouth. Excellent food. Great service. Highly recommended. Fairly priced.I was born and reared in nola, and I cook gumbo and understand gumbo. Joey K's does not. please fix it, Joey folks. Brisket and cabbage was great!. Eggplant Napoleon was very good. My friend said the gumbo was off 4 months ago when she was there. If you need quiet, ask to sit in the back.With the hubs and I in the Big Easy for a fun filled weekend, we opted to try this gem (as everyone suggested it!) after checking into our Airbnb!
Located on the corner of Seventh and Magazine, this spot is a hit among locals and visitors alike - and now I know why! 
SPACE/VIBE: so unique to the city - as artwork adorns the walls, rooms are painted bright colors, jazz music plays overhead and wood tables are placed throughout! Although upon entering, the space looks small, it expands to the back and its quite large! The vibe and atmosphere of this little gem, is relaxed, friendly and welcome to all! 
STAFF: Oh so friendly and accommodating! As soon as we walked in, we were greeted with smiles and 2 hostesses that lead us directly to a cozy table in the back! Our server was attentive, friendly and gave us the perfect amount of time to decide on the extensive menu! Although the bar seemed a little overwhelmed, as it took about 10 minutes to get our mixed drinks.
FOOD: There is a large poster featuring Guy Fieri on the wall - which just goes to show this place is loved by many - and boasts a creole/southern menu. I opted for the Red Beans & Rice - as it's a LA staple, and it was beyond delicious! Spicy sausage was the highlight of the dish, as the cut was large and full of flavor! The hubs noshed on the chicken fried steak (smothered with brown gravy), with "nola style" green beans and french fries - which was the perfect blend of spices, fried to perfection and oh so good! I'm a sucker for good beans, which this boasted - as they were salty and included bacon!
Joey K's totally hit the spot for our first stop in Nola!The food is scrumptious and located in the beautiful garden district. The Eggplant Napoleon was so yummy.Amazing place, great food and great service
I recommend on the tuna steak and the salmon steakGreat food, such as: corn and crab bisque with actual pieces of crab, roast beef po'boy with debris, jumbalaya, red beans and rice.
The only disappointment was the overly-sweet mashed sweet potatoes
Friendly service.Wonderful meal. Walked in for lunch after taking the walk on walk off tour bus looking for a place to have lunch. Looked up and seen a poster from Triple D. Ordered what Guy had and it was totally amazing!
Service is outstanding and the waitress was very helpful and friendly.We were visiting from Toronto and wandered in after exploring the nearby shops.  We ordered the chicken fingers, an order of onion rings, and a grilled cheese.  Despite the fact that the restaurant was pretty empty, we had to wait a while for our food.  We did so watching the kitchen, and we could see the chicken fingers and the onion rings sitting under the heat lamp for at least 10 minutes.  It's unclear why as a grilled cheese does not usually take that much time to cook.  When the food came, the chicken fingers and grilled cheese were great, but the onion rings were cold.  We decided we did not want them and the server was very accommodating.  Overall a good diner meal.We came here after walking around the Garden District looking at hold houses and the cemetery. This was a great spot for lunch! We ended up ordering fries, fried artichoke heats and a small salad. Between the two of us, more than enough food! Everything good, service was friendly and it was fairly busy for a weekday at lunch. Would certainly come back to try a more regular meal versus the sampling of apps we opted for. Oh, fair prices as well.My Husband and I had our wedding reception upstairs in the private dining room at Joey K's and seriously had the most amazing experience!  The staff made us feel right at home and the food was so delicious!  I can't thank the Joey K's staff enough, because they truly helped make our day all the more special.  Anytime we come in from Austin, this will be our place.  Anything to have thier catfish again!  Yummers.Such a great place to eat!  Family friendly! Great portions! No wait! They took a group approach to serving us which was quick and efficient!Their fried oysters are pretty decent. Too bad they serve powdered mashed potatoes...The BEST fish tacos, fried green tomato and bread pudding I've ever had. Large portions. Great friendly service. Add this to your NO tripWhere do I even begin with this restaurant. I was visiting New Orleans with a group of students and decided to eat at Joey K's after reading several reviews and looking at the menu online. The food sounded good and the reviews were very good so I called and made a reservation. 
As soon as my group walked in the door we were thrown off. There was no hostess stand, so we had no clue where to go to confirm my reservation. We eventually walked back towards the waitress station and were told to "hold on" until someone pointed us toward our table - actually, our tables, because they seated us in two separate groups.  We finally received our drinks and had our orders taken after about 15 minutes. Somehow, the waitress took the orders for our two tables at different times, so one table had finished their meals about 10 minutes before the other table was even served. 
The arrival of the food was where things went wrong. As soon as I received my salmon salad, I noticed a piece of CARDBOARD in my lettuce. Another person in my group told the waitress, who took my salad away after muttering a "sorry". After 10 minutes I received another salad. While the salmon was slightly undercooked and the feta cheese had zero flavor, there was at least no cardboard this time. I ate my salmon and left the rest of the salad untouched because it was mediocre at best. As for the rest of the food at my table, it was lukewarm and the fried green tomatoes were thin and potato chip-like. One person ordered spaghetti and meatballs and was served a very small child's portion. Average at best. 
When it was time to pay, the waitress brought us one check with all of our charges on it. We asked her if she could split it and she rudely replied "No. We don't split checks." and walked away. On top of that, I was still charged for my salad that was not entirely edible. 
A member of my group asked for the manager, who promptly came to our table and asked the situation. We explained what had happened and she was very courteous and apologetic, which was a relief. She apologized for the poor service and promised to remove the charge for the cardboard salad. She also explained that the hostess usually informs large parties of their policy of their one-check policy when people call and make a reservation. Our group really appreciated her kindness and she did help the situation. 
To sum up, I would not recommend Joey K's. The food was sub-par, the service was slow, and the waitress was rude. While the manager was very kind and understanding, she should not have needed to apologize in the first place.
Update: two of the group members ordered the fried green tomatoes and had bad stomach pains later in the evening.Great food and great atmosphere. I highly recommend. Smoked sausage Po-boy is the best!!!5 stars all the way. Such a quaint, family friendly restaurant and bar. The food prices are fantastic. The food is amazing! One of the best burgers, cooked to order, I have ever had. Also, without doubt THE best smoked sausage poboy I have ever had. The draft beer is served in a goblet or chalice of sorts. Don't pass this place up.So my fish was delicious!  Perfectly fried and seasoned to perfection.  Nothing fancy just plain ol good fish. I came with some colleagues at lunch and the place was packed and the kitchen was backed up. But the good was so worth it I didn't mind.  The trout tchfuncta was delicious and and so were the salads.  Cheap prices and hefty peons,  what more do you need?We went on a Garden District tour and our tour guide recommended this place. It was not a disappointment. We were seated quickly and our server was very nice and helpful. The corn and crab bisque was flavorful and delicious. Do not pass that up. I wish I ordered the bowl instead of the cup. My sampler of roast beef sandwich, jambalaya and red beans and rice was off the chains. The smokiness and the flavor of the red beans and rice was really good. This place was enjoyable. Cool cigar shop a cross the street too, if you're into that.This place is amazing! The food was fresh and delicious. Red beans and rice are great, mac and cheese amazing and cornbread too! Definitely a great spot to eat. Service is friendlyThis is where I take out of town friends visiting New Orleans to get a real idea of great New Orleans no frills food. Their daily specials are always good and they provide great service no matter how busy or crowded the restaurant is.I love this place!  I work directly across the street, so not only is place crazy convenient for me, it's a delicious payday lunch treat every other week! This place is almost always crowded, so you know it's good! Haven't had a bad dish yet, try it all!The Mac n cheese was DELICIOUS! The fried artichokes were very good. The fried shrimp were good. The Magazine pasta was extremely bland. The shrimp remoulade was pitiful. Shrimp were tiny... I though they would be large covered in sauce over a bed of lettuce. It was more of a small side salad with tiny shrimp on top... sauce on side, but it was tasty. Will come back for Mac n cheese and try something new.Hit up the Garden District one day and everybody said there is plenty on Magazine street.... well we went to the first place we saw and it was Joey Ks.  We were both craving a po boy and we had a feeling this place would do us just fine.
Service, totally great and really attentive.  Never missed a beat.
Food, there was A TON!  The hubby and I both ordered Shrimp Po Boys and fries and we could have easily split that lunch order.  We left super full...oh and they gave us cornbread while we waited for our meal, YUM! 
Price, not terribly expensive, the sandwiches are ala carte so you can definitely split a large fry or anything else.
It is not the biggest place, but its super cute.If you like mammoth portions of excellently executed southern comfort food at a reasonable price with great service then you will like Joey K's. An unpretentious little gem on Magazine St. Go do it.Pitstop in New Orleans and had to stop by JoeyK. Great food and nice NO atmosphere. Red beans and rice with sausage was the bomb. Fried chicken awesome! Po Boy awesome! Jambalaya of the hook!! Great flavors all aroundHad surprisingly never been, and I am so happy I finally went!  The gumbo was dark and smoky, but not overly powerful - I liked it a lot. It was a certain type of gumbo that you want sometimes, but not always - great nonetheless. The catfish was the best I ever had - better than Middendorf's (especially since Mid.'s went way downhill since Horst Pfeifer screwed it up). Had some of my friend's green beans and they were FANTASTIC!  The place is small, loud, but sooooo New Orleans. Can't wait to go back!On the way back home from Jazzfest my wife and I stopped here as it was one of the many restaurants featured on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. Parking can be difficult in the area around Magazine st but keep looking.
The ambiance is that of a great neighborhood stop.  The gumbo was absolutely perfect.  I tried the Meatloaf dbl Patty Melt, as this was the daily special.. Flavorful, tender, and delicious.
Lived up to the Triple D designation.I had the Shrimp Magazine which was fantastic. Joey K's is in an interesting neighborhood where you can take a nice walk after your meal. There are many restaurants on Magazine but I highly recommend Joey K's for a great southern meal. Wait staff was a little too casual in attitude for me. Didn't come by to check up on us but the food made up for it.Such good service and Louisiana food! Great choice to have something Louisiana style in the area!Great service and the food was phenomenal. Same owner for 28 years....She takes pride in her business and it shows in every single plate. Real home town non commercial cooking.Service a tad slow- but wait staff quite friendly. Variety of food was wonderful and tasty. The Sangria was phenomenal. Portions were plentiful.Great food, great service, decent prices. Had no trouble fitting a party of 12 for a Saturday afternoon meal. Be sure to check out the daily specials.Drove in to New Orleans to celebrate daughters fifth birthday had 8 restaurants recommend by diner drive in and dives. We like to call him the fat bats***d. Ate at one, food was so so will go back tomorrow. Had dinner tonight at Joey k's and let me tell you the service was outstanding, the food was equal the gumbo was outstanding and the Caesar salad was just as good but the highlight of the meal was the softshell crab now i was a chef for years on the west coast and I used softshell crab on the West Coast. The softshell crab on the west coast are smaller then the soft shell crab in the gulf and tonight it was huge, massive and it was phenomenal, the tartar sauce was tasty, tangy and it had a character about it that was satisfying. The crab was fried crispy great flavors I just can't complain but one thing I have to say about these guys the service was impeccable thank youWonderful meal. Walked in for lunch after taking the walk on walk off tour bus looking for a place to have lunch. Looked up and seen a poster from Triple D. Ordered what Guy had and it was totally amazing!
Service is outstanding and the waitress was very helpful and friendly.  The Bread Pudding is to die for!Walking around on Magazine St. and decided to stop here for lunch. It's located in an old house with lots of artwork for sale on the walls. The staff was friendly, but the service was somewhat slow. They were really busy, so maybe, it's just a staffing issue.
I had Shrimp Remoulade Salad which was very fresh, but basically consisted of a lot of lettuce, boiled shrimp and the remoulade dressing. Nothing fancy, but tasted good. My husband had the Red Beans and Rice with Smoked Sausage and really liked it.
Wasn't a favorite place, but not bad either.
If you really like southern food, you should give them a try.We came upon this place by suggestions of the locals. As we Wanted to eat local food. We ate gumbo, green fried tomatoes and and griilef shrimp and the most amazing tomato soup. I would love that recipe!!!. Are waitress was great too. Made sure we had upon sitting down very cold water. It was 85 outside and very humid. Made several suggestions on food choices and other places in the area to visit. Loved this place.Great little hole-in-the wall for po boys. This place means business - it's small (though has some seating in the back) and was crowded (I assume it always is). Their po boys are also huge - i actually thought i had gotten the entire order on one plate, only to discover there was another one coming. Also tried a side of the jambalaya - nothing to write home about.I found his place on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dived (triple D). Inexpensive restaurant with huge portions of EXCELLENT food! Not surprisingly, the chef was recently named one of the best chefs in Louisiana for 2015. The staff was not overly friendly; however, they definitely were not rude.Awesome FOOD! We will be back next time we visit New Orleans. The Bread Pudding is to Die for. A must have!!** the best ever**Great place for refreshments while shopping in the garden district. Great atmosphere and plenty of TVs for watching the game.Must try, on Thursday they have the turkey and dressing plate with yams and peas, thanksgiving on ThursdayExcellent as always! My first stop when i get to NOLA to eat. Eggplant napoleon is amazing and leaves a smile on my face and pleases my palate beyond wonderful. Friendly relaxing atmosphere with a neighborhood  flare.Super tasty gumbo and very good shrimp remoulade salad. I'll be back when Im in town! Oh, and sweet and yummy cornbread.The food here was standard. My wife and I had the fried crab claws, crab and corn chowder, trout and I ordered an oyster po boy.  My po boy had a bunch of shrimp in it so I sent it back. When the server brought it back out they had just plucked the shrimp out and not replaced any with oysters...also, there was still shrimp in it! The food was alright but it was pretty irritating that I sent the food back and they didn't really seem to care or take the time to want to correct the very simple issue. I didn't want to send the sandwich back a second time because my wife was almost finished with her food so I just ate it. We probably won't go back again; there are a ton of other restaurants that are as good or better than this one in the area where kitchen staff members care more for their customers.We had a party of 6 for lunch.  The dining rooms were cozy, but there was adequate space between tables.  The onion rings were big and tasty, but the crab claw appetizer was a big disappointment, with mostly claw and little meat.  The catfish and po boys was meaty and fresh.  The sangria was unusually sweet and light, but refreshing.  Our server did a good job of hustling in order to cover the whole dining room.This is classic New Orleans. Just go there and observe the patrons, the waitresses, the passers-by. The food is great, but it tastes better if you observe. If you don't know how to observe people or don't enjoy observing them then go anywhere else that has good food. Although, if it's in New Orleans the food will taste better if you learn to observe people.I had the gumbo to start and followed it with fried free tomatoes and grilled shrimp. The gumbo was totally on point as was the tomatoes. The shrimps were not quite as good, imho. The service was great and the portions were generous. My fellow diners had chicken with rice and veggies and a shrimp pasta dish they looked delicious. They both raved about their food and local craft beer. Since I was feeling the heat and humidity, I decided to stick with water, but everyone who had fancier bevvies seemed to really enjoy them. I will definitely return to this fun, quirky, friendly eatery next time I'm in town.Amazing service in a really friendly environment. Food combinations that are well thought out and delicious! 
Make sure you book or get there early, we arrived at 5.30 and we're seated immediately, when we left there was a huge lime around the cornerAte lunch here on day 3 of our NOLA trip. We were walking around the Garden District looking at the beautiful homes and Lafayette Cemetery and decided we needed to eat.
We came towards the end of the lunch rush, so it was a little more quiet. We ordered gumbo and a catfish po'boy. Both were very tasty. The service was good too and the restaurant provided that welcome relief of a/c while we rested. Our meal was $24 for 2 sodas, 2 side salads, the cup of gumbo, and the catfish po'boy.Awesome food and great customer service! 
My favorite: the fried chicken and fried green tomatoesMediocre at best. Service was really slow and all the food was disappointing. In fact there was a piece of cardboard in the salmon salad and the fried green tomatoes were about as thick as potato chips. The french fries were luke warm, presentation was lackluster, and portions were disappointing/uneven. Decent salmon and chicken fingers though so yay.Me and a couple of friends went here over the weekend,we were not impressed They rain out of salad dressing and our dinner was not good. Will never go back.We had to wait on line for lunch, but it was worth it. They had a fine selection of local beers and a menu with something for everyone in our party. The portions are large, so ask before you order too much. The fried shrimp I had was very good. Everything was moderately priced and we weren't rushed. It was within walking distance of the trolley. We will definitely return to Joey K's next time we are in town.The food is spot on delicious. The red beans and rice is so flavorful. The fried green tomato and shrimp special delicious. Wonderful home made bloody mary. Lost one star for spotty service. It is understandable to have slow down in the kitchen when busy but to not check on table at all, not ask about drink refills, no water served so we ate lunch without beverages once finished with initial drink order during our long wait to be served food.You know the food was ok, but what really earned this 1 star was customer service. I specifically asked our waiter (Angela) to split the tab amongst 2 cards, well she ran the full tab + half on my card. I called to speak with the mgr who claimed to be working on it, never got back to me. Called again, same thing. Like damn get it together. I won't be returning & make sure you watch your checks!While we didn't sit and eat here, we still had excellent service for our take out. We were given a place to sit and water during our wait. We ordered the fried green tomatoes, a po-boy and fried chicken plate. Everything was perfect and enough for two portions each! 
The restaurant itself is cozy yet spacious with a lovely atmosphere.This is truly a hidden gem! Stumbled across this place driving down magazine street. If you blink you may miss it. Our waitress was absolutely great! We started off with the fried green tomatoes topped with shrimp ...delicious! For my entree i did the fried seafood platter...really a lot of food! Everything was great. One of my friends ordered the all you can eat cat fish and that too was also great ! I would highly recommend it.I had a catfish po-boy there and it was great. Now I feel that I should have tried their soft shell crab too. They fried the cat fish really well, the frying batter shell is not too thick and is crispy enough. The bread was good too. The outside of the french bread was crispy and the inside is soft, tasted very fresh. I am so glad I had one of my lunch there while visiting NOLA. I would recommend this place to other people.Good service, nice staff, food wasn't that great. Just tasted like bar food. Not terrible, just better places to eat along Magazine St.I would go back to this place for the kid's menu alone.  It has so many options.  And for the parent of a picky eater this makes dining out so much more fun.  Host staff really inviting, that being said I hate the Entrance.  There are literally tables in the entrance so that if there is any sort of a wait you're kind of hovering at peoples tables.  Our food was great.  I was dieting so I didn't get anything to write home about.  But I requested a burger without a bun and instead of looking at me like I was crazy they brought it out wrapped in lettuce and with a massive serving of sweet potato fries.  It's hard to keep a dieting girl in new Orleans happy when going out to eat but they provided.Joey K's
Always packed with locals.
No "concept" or gimmick.
Just good food, good values, honesty, & decent prices.
We'll be there !
RickThis was a great, cute little restaurant. I loved the interior and had some killer red rice and beans. Definitely worth a visit.Down home southern cooking. Wait was a little long. Wonderful service yesterday and wonderful food. She amazed us with her answers to hard questions and her memory!  She took two tables worth of drink orders before returning to the bar. You should go!Today my 87 year old grandmother, who has made her own (ah-mazing) fried chicken at home her whole life said "this is the best fried chicken I've ever had." The service was great, the server was beyond cordial and just the sweetest- 3/4 of our party were out-of-towners and she made everyone feel welcome and happy. Prices are reasonable and food was hot, tasty and servings plentiful.Went for lunch and had the corn and crab bisque, jambalaya, gumbo, and catfish po boy.  Everything was delicious, service was fast and pleasant. Nice find in a really cool area on Magazine Street. Highly recommend.We always have a great experience when we visit Joey K's. Great food and great staff (owners are nice too). The place has a wonderful neighborhood feel - they make you feel like family. Thanks for another great dinner tonight.Creole Jambalaya was great! Also shared the unlimited catfish with a friend. Someone else said that the broiled catfish was good as well. The waiter remembered out order without writing anything down! Otherwise great service. Defiantly coming back.Not for vegetarians at all...
Carnivores seem to like it.I can't believe that the other day was my first time visiting Joey K's but I can now say I've been.  I am in concurrence with most of the Elite (New Orleanian) reviewers, it is a 3 star restaurant.
Charles H. put it best when he wrote "It's really just an unspectacular but decent neighborhood restaurant with basic hearty SE Louisiana cafeteria food. Like a Picadilly where the same patrons eat at their same favorite tables on a weekly basis."
I started with the corn and crab bisque which was pretty good and loaded with crabmeat.  Although it was the type of crabmeat that had no taste and might as well have been a chunk of potato.
As an entree I had the breaded veal cutlet.  I got a HUGE plate with a very large piece of veal, a huge helping of mashed potatoes and an equally large portion of stewed green beans with chunks of ham.  I am not much for "southern comfort food" so I didn't really touch the greens or potatoes but the breaded veal cutlet was pretty good.  Much of the breading fell off as I was cutting it so maybe it was a tad healthier that way...
For dessert we got the bread pudding with rum sauce and coffee.  Our first cups of coffee were so horrible that they were undrinkable.  The bread pudding was pretty good.
I was with someone that is such a regular that there is a painting of him on the wall.  He knows all of the waitresses by name and they know him as well.  Maybe because of that or in spite of that we had pretty bad service.  We sat in the back room and it was almost as if she forgot about us.
I will be back I'm sure and will update my review if necessary.During my 1st time we trip to NOLA with my sister we stopped at Joey K's an from the time we entered until we left was one of the best experiences we had. I wish I could bring Joey K's back to Maryland. Will come again!Joey K's seems to have some magnetic vortex because I somehow always end up dining there on every New Orleans trip I make. Last year, I introduced my NOLA-born friend to the deliciousness of this neighborhood restaurant and she really loved not only the food but the atmosphere as well. We dined here again last week and before ordering, she told me about how Joey K's fish tacos were the closest she found in New Orleans to the ones she had eaten in L.A. when we were roomies. 
While looking at the menu, I told Chi about the great red beans & rice made here that rivaled what she cooks.  Fish tacos and Shrimp & Mushroom Pasta were on the daily specials that day so that's what we ordered. Chi had red beans & rice as her side dish and agreed that it was indeed quite good. We both thoroughly enjoyed our meals as well as the taste of each other's plate. The staff is always friendly and efficient, and the food consistently good-to-great. Yelp doesn't allow 1/2-stars in the ratings but I would give Joey K's a resounding 4-1/2 stars.Joey K's
This is a neighborhood eatery with a small bar inside; bar is mostly single diners or couples, not really a "drinking spot".
Good Southern food eatery with a few unique sorta-Creole dish choices.  Ample servings, good home-style sides, & very good deserts.  Relatively inexpensive, clean, & comfortable.
Menu is a mix of unchanging daily "specials" with standard popular always -available menu staples.  Burgers, fried seafood, pastas, meatloaf, small steaks, etc.
The perennial big local crowds assure a "good deal" here.  You'll like it.
Caveats:  Street parking can be tough, skip the steak, & be prepared for a brief table-wait.
Plusses:  Two gelaterias on the same block, a few outdoor sidewalk tables, & clean restrooms..
Any place this popular in this City has gotta be good.This place is awesome! The host/staff was very friendly and nice. All you can eat catfish(yummy)for catfish fans. Gumbo was definitely better than what I've tried at the French Quarters.
Will revisit when NOLA calls again!I don't understand all the glowing reviews of this place. Everything we experienced was sub-par. Let's start with service- we walked in and there is nothing except for tables. We had no idea where to go as we weren't greeted by anyone. After standing awkwardly for a few minutes, we were finally approached and told we could sit anywhere. There was a 10 minute wait between the time we sat down and when we were finally handed menus. The server was nice enough, but her visits to our table were few and far between.
On to the food. Absolutely horrible and on the verge on inedible. Seriously, if you're reading this review you could probably walk blindly in any direction in New Orleans and get to better food than what is served here. I had the shrimp pasta. It was literally swimming in butter. I would estimate an entire stick of butter was on my plate. I found multiple pieces of shrimp shell still on the shrimp- unfortunately these shells made it into my mouth. The salad served with the entree is clearly a bagged salad mix and was not at all fresh. My husband's meal was bland and greasy. I can't comment on the gumbo as the bowl I ordered was never brought to our table. 
I usually have low expectations as I have kids and try to go to restaurants that accommodate children. There are definitely better places in New Orleans, and I'm really sorry that we ate here.Very comfortable setting, great shrimp po-boy sandwich, red beans/rice, and jambalaya.  Reasonable prices.  Would go there again.Enjoyed the Fried Green Tomatoes with Grilled Shrimp, along with a cup of the gumbo.  Friendly, casual place.  Good for lunch if your in the Garden District.Joey K's was delicious! A cute, quaint restaurant outside downtown New Orleans in the garden district! Definitely recommend to Nola tourist, if you're tired of the typical French Quarter restaurants. Service was a little slow for how slow business was, but the Thursday special of meatloaf and macaroni cheese was great!I've never been a giant fan of Joey K's. I've always thought it was eh. And I still feel that way. 
The last time (and this may be where I went wrong), I just got a salad... I know, lame. I needed to stay away from the rich goodness though. And the dressing was watery, the croutons were soggy, just.... blah. The servers are always very nice though.Wife had the Grilled Tuna Salad. Fish was cooked perfectly, salad was very fresh.
Shrimp Po'boy, dressed, with provolone cheese was the best I've had so far in New Orleans.
Ok atmosphere, a tad understaffed for lunch time rush.  Everyone was friendly.Delicious fare, friendly folks, and a short walk from Lafayette Cemetery. A perfect late afternoon bite. Bonus: big salads, with perfectly seared tuna, chicken or salmon... a rarity in NOLA =)My husband and I decided to have lunch here on our first wedding anniversary. We had seen Joey K's on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. We had a great meal with excellent service. The onion rings are divine! Crab claws also delicious. We split a seafood platter- more than enough for both of us. Everything was fried perfectly- not greasy and very crisp- and seasoned well. Some of the best oysters I have ever had- fried well done, as requested. The Caesar salad was good ( not amazing, but good). We could not have been more pleased- now we have another great choice for lunch.Great good, very good service. After 2 days in New Orleans this place exceeded our expectations. Don't forget eggplant napoleons, it's amazing.Stopped in here on a whim and so far best service and food in New Orleans on our vacation. Server Angie was amazing and the food, especially the blackberry cobbler was to die for!!We went there for lunch considering we watched Guy on DD&D. We are here for my brother's 21st and were expecting nothing but good things from this place. There was no presentation, the plates were dirty, the bread was stale on the po-boy, the prices were high considering it came with no side. Too bad :/Order the rice & beans!! Very good. Great location on Magazine. 
Finished my meal with a brownie dessert. WOW!On a pilgrimage for Southern fried chicken on a visit to NOLA, we were truly disappointed to learn that Willie Mae's was shut down for the weekend due to kitchen problems.
Eventually, we wandered over to the Garden District and stumbled upon Joey K's on a late Monday morning.  We had to wait for over 30 minutes for a seat, but it was worth it.  The ambiance was cheery, with handpainted signs like "Sorry, we're open" and "Be nice or leave!"  
We ordered a plate of fried onion rings as an appetizer.  They were monstrous and delicious, with a light, crispy coating that bode well for the fried chicken.  That came out 20 minutes later and my $12 order came with 4 pieces of perfectly fried southern chicken - crunchy coating and juicy meat.  I didn't really care for the green beans, which were too peppery for my taste, but others loved it.  I didn't leave a drop of the mashed potatoes behind.The food was great, but service could have been better. They were just slow. Prices were good, beer was refreshing. Great atmosphere and family friendly.Came back into New Orleans on another trip.  I took new people with me to Joey K's. It was still great!!!  I wanted to eat the Chicken Cordon Blue. Their's is a little different. I haven't had it anywhere else like it here. It wasn't the special that night, but the cook still prepared it for us.Not gonna lie- saw Joey K's on food channel and decided that it was a must add to my TO DO List! 
Came on a Tuesday right around 11:30, and the new addition to the restaurant accommodates a good deal of patrons. Started off with the fried artichokes, fries with cheese, and fried Green tomatoes with shrimp. All were delicious especially the fried green tomatoes and their roulade sauce!
I ordered the catfish PO boy dressed and a friend ordered the shrimp PO boy dressed. We swapped a sandwich each so we can try both. Needless to say it was delicious. The side of Mac and cheese is also to die for! 
Great food and good service and definitely recommend to other folks! Thank you for a pleasant lunch!Awesome!! Great service and amazing food!! Gotta go back to try other menu items. Red beans and rice is authentic south. Had the eggplant with crayfish and pasta and friends had the fried shrimp!! All delicious!There seem to be mixed reviews on Joey K's, but I'm happy to report my experience left me full, satisfied and with a true taste of New Orleans. 
We ordered a Shrimp Po Boy, Gumbo and a Shrimp Salad. The gumbo was incredible. The Shrimp Po Boy was good, with the fried shrimp not too heavily battered. The Shrimp Salad came with a heavy dressing, it kind of negated the whole "salad" part. But hey, it was scrumptious and we were already eating a Po Boy, so what's a few more calories 
The decor was really unique, super colorful artwork everywhere. Overall, really enjoyed this eating experience. I'm happy our host recommended it!I think its only fair I start this review with the Blackberry Cobbler. It's almost like every visit to this establishment, the cobbler gets better, I'm not quite sure how this is possible but it is definitely a reality. The Blackberry Cobbler is like a Breezy Summer Day with you sitting on a porch sipping sweet tea and saying " My My sir I do declare". That's just how this cobbler makes you feel. The warm perfect crust mixed with the gooey goodness of the blackberries and the ice cream creates an explosion in your mouth. Don't admire its greatness for too long though, because you may be in for some quick melting action.
This visit I went with the All You Can Eat Catfish. First I would like to warn you, no matter what you tell your self you will not make it to a full second plate; Its just not possible. You will take a considerable amount taking in the fresh and perfectly friend strips of fish. The platter comes with fries that are perfectly season, which is important in my book.
The service is great. The waitress was really sweet and helpful and have us a great experience with a smile as well as the regular patrons around us. I love looking at the artwork on the wall, its fun with signs from Simon Hardeveld. This is a great place to visit. It can get filled up quickly so be prepared for a short wait, but its never too bad.Really poor Singature dish of shrimp magazine consisted of a few shrimp on top of mounds of pasta .Undercooked soggy fries. Dessert cobbler made from overtly sweet canned filling. No vegetarian options at all Generally just institutional food The only thing this place has going is reasonable pricesOnion rings: huge but not seasoned that well. Good breading!
Corn/shrimp bisque was average. Not too spicy.
Fish tacos good especially slaw. Catfish very nicely done.
Good location, fun neighborhood restaurant.I was just in New Orleans for the day and was hungry so I hopped on yelp and saw great reviews for Joey K's. I'm glad I went here! I saw great reviews on their red beans and rice and I'm so glad I went with that because it was fantastic! I also tried the Mac and cheese and cheese fries and all of it was excellent! If there was one thing I would say wasn't to fantastic was the front where we sat felt a little more compacted in than the back of the restaurant was but really was no big deal. Really enjoyed this place and was very surprised my 3 year old who is a very pickey eater loved the red beans and rice as well. Highly recommend!This was on DDD's which enticed us to try it. The crab bisque and jambalaya were unbelievably salty. The jambalaya was dry and the trout was bland. My suggestion would be to not make salt their primary ingredient. Yuck!!Great service and fun atmosphere. We shared a few items recommended by our waitress. The shrimp remoulade salad was delicious. You must order the eggplant app- it's fantastic!Very good service and food. We got the trout and shrimp magazine. The trout was amazing. The shrimp had a little to much garlic. For appetizers we got the red beans and crab bisque which was excellent.Ok the food here was good, but the clientele made me more that a little uncomfortable, but I'll just stick to reviewing the food! I ordered the shrimp plate and it came with fries and a salad. great protions, the shrimp was extremely fresh and the fries were great cause they don't put salt on 'em and you get that potato taste (**** mmmmm... fries Homer Simpson voice). This is definitely a local place frequented by regulars cause I got some of the nastiest stares when I walked into the place ( thought it was the 20's and I was 3 words away from getting lynched!) but the staff was extremely nice.. but I did get my food to go ;)
p.s. i got there at 11:30 and the place was PACKED so get there as early as possible..Loved it. This place was recommended by our hotel as a good local place close by. The walk was enjoyable and the food yummy. We both had the Wednesday specials. Hubby had fried oysters. I had the chicken cordon bleu. I was surprised that it was made with a fried chicken breast instead of baked. But, it was yummy anyway. So much food. So good. Best bread pudding ever. 
Loved the home town atmosphere that obviously drew in locals. A new venue for us. A good one!The food here is good, but don't come here if you're expecting to be in and out in a reasonable time frame, especially when they're busy. We ordered two appetizers, two salads for entrees and one po boy. It took 30 mins for just one appetizer to come out. Other than that the food was goodThe service was nice, the restaurant food was pretty good, and the atmosphere was great. For newcomers I would say that the parking is going to be hard to find it took us about 20 minutes to find the area to park but it was worth it. We shall see this place again!We got here on Monday about 3pm for a late lunch after walking around the Garden District. We sat down, and the wait began. It was probably at least 5 min before a server greeted us. We ordered water and a beer. That took about another 10 minutes to come. It was probably 5-10 min more before our server took our order. We appreciated her recommendations and ordered the red beans and rice with sausage and the fried green tomatoes with grilled shrimp. Our server said she would bring some bread, which was great because we were really hungry now. That took about another 10 min. Finally our food came about 50-55 min after arrival. We really liked the food! I'd give them about 4.5 stars for the food. But we stopped in a diner for lunch when they were only half full and we were there for about an hour and 15 min. Our server was friendly but it took entirely too long - that's why I gave the lower rating.We really liked this place!  Awesome service, super tasty red beans/rice/sausage!  Fried artichokes appetizer - yum!Came here with a group of 7 on a recommendation from a local tour guide.. we were so glad we did it. We loved the crab soup on special and the gumbo. The fried green tomatoes and eggplant appetizer were also fantastic. 
I recommend a day trip to tour the lafayette cemetery, pop into the shops on Magazine Street and finish the afternoon off with a delicious lunch at Joey K's.Had the fried catfish and it's the best catfish I have ever had. It was cooked just right. The fish was moist and the breading was seasoned perfectly. Portion size was generous.This was one of my favorite Uptown lunch spots when I lived near that neighborhood, but after moving to Mid-City I hadn't been there in a few years. When I finally stopped in for lunch this week, I was glad to find the same inviting place I had remembered. 
Joey K's does a great job with New Orleans classics, and their daily lunch specials are always solid. I ordered the reuben sandwich special, which of course isn't a New Orleans classic, but they did a nice take on it with tender brisket instead of corned beef. 
And draft beer in a big, frosty schooner? Yes, please.Along with Port Of Call, this is one of my favorite restaurants in NOLA. We had the Trout Tchoupitoulas and the Shrimp Magazine.  Both were great but the Shrimp Magazine was the better of the two.It was ok. Came here because of rave reviews, but just ok- not very flavorful. Even the bread they serve the tables while you wait was stale. Food also took at least 30 minutes to arrive for a couple of sandwiches and already made gumbo. Wouldn't eat here again.Was told about this place by a local. Had fried artichokes for an appetizer ... One word = YUM! For my entree I got shrimp magazine. Shrimp, artichokes, garlic, ham, green onions over pasta. Really good. Ton of food for the money. On our next trip back to the big easy, this place will be on our list to go back to!My family visits New Orleans at least every other year, and a trip isn't complete unless we can have lunch outside at Joey K's!  We've gone every time for the past four trips.  The Shrimp Magazine and the fried Artichokes are our favorite things on the menu!  Great service and always polite and cheery.I really like this place and did indeed bring a couple of friends who live in Kenner; they'd heard of Joey K's but had never dined here. I told them about the great crab and corn bisque on the menu that night and they both thoroughly enjoyed a cup. Phil had a sandwich, and Leanna had one of the specials with a salad, and I enjoyed the Troup Tchoupitoulas. We all enjoyed the meal and that we didn't have to wait for seating. Service was friendly and prompt without making diners feel like they'd be run out for the next diners. The fact that the location is in the middle of Magazine Street shopping was just a bonus.Great service, great menu selection including specials..crab&corn bisque, shrimp po boy, all you can eat catfish. Great place to stop in while touring the Garden DistrictThe food here is average at best and so is the service. We've been here a few times over the years because of it's location and we always wonder why we go back. We should've left after the two person table after us in line got seated before us. People ahead of us complained and the new hostess did realize that the people she seated was lower on the list once it was pointed out to her. She quickly sat the complainers and left us in line without apologizing. I had the Combo meal of Half Roast Beef Po Boy (or you can have shrimp) with a side of Red Beans and a side of Jambalaya. The po boy half was big and I slowly ate it because I wanted to eat my sides first. I waited for my sides and our server. Finally, she came by and I told her that I might have been brought just a full sandwich but it turned out it was just a big half and they forgot my sides. She offered to pack them to go but I wanted to eat them at the restaurant. They were piping hot and just OK. Steve enjoyed the Roast Beef Po Boy but didn't care so much for his Fish with Crab Meat dish. It was dry and didn't have a lot of flavor, mostly because the fish was overcooked. Since we had to wait a long time for the sides, our server did not charge us for our Iced Tea and Soda Water so that was nice of her.We just happened to stumble upon this place while walking around the garden district. We were there for an early dinner/late lunch. Our server was very nice and there food was really good. It's a casual little place that was good for our kids with us.Great home cooking in a casual atmosphere! The red beans are great as well as the all you can eat catfish. A definite must for  lunch or dinner Uptown.Fun and casual. The signs in the place are funny. Food was good. They let us sit there forever to just talk afterwards. Will definitely be back.I very much dislike posting unfavorable reviews.  So, Joey K's, this is going to hurt me more than it hurts you.
Very unremarkable overall. Dim lighting and kitschy signs all by the same dude and perfectly straightened with a level lead to a surprisingly sterile and vaguely unsettling environment.  My fries were fresh, but my shrimp platter tasted thawed and/or reheated. Clientele is cops, old folks, people who tuck their tshirts into their jeans, and sad looking couples. My most concise description would be New Orleans' answer to Bob Evans.  I see literally no compelling reason to come here regularly.We have been visiting New Orleans for the past few days, staying in the Garden district. Joey K's is a wonderful casual dining experience. Good food, friendly staff.We found this cute place on yelp after a morning tour through the garden district. The food is reasonably priced and absolutely AMAZING! I ordered the roast beef debris po boy with the bread budding in rum sauce for dessert and lets just say I cleaned both of those plates! The roast beef debris is pretty messy because its so juicy so be prepared. The bread pudding is HUGE as well its like they give you the whole loaf of bread! If youre visiting from out of town like I was and happen to be in the garden district this place is definitely worth checking outWe enjoyed our dinner here last Friday night. Came over around 9:15 only a brief wait for a table. I had the Trout Tchoupitoulas and I was glad I did. 
I also ordered Gumbo which was very good. The service was very good until it came time to leave when our waitress disappeared for a while while the other waiter in the room passed our table time and again, refilling our waters once. Finally our waitress reappeared & brought us our check. We will be back again next time we are in town.Had lunch here on a Saturday.  We were a little worried because of several bad reviews, but all of us (party of 3) thoroughly enjoyed our meals.  I had one of the daily specials (Saturday) which was a Roast Beef Po-boy that was to die for! Great French bread and perfectly cooked roast beef.  Great environment and wait staff! Definitely will be returning because I didn't get a chance to try the cobbler.Best onion rings I've ever had. Seriously. Order them.  Otherwise I think the food is fairly average, but it's a fun place to grab a bite in this amazing city!I came here for lunch last week and it was alright.  It was pretty busy and seems quite popular.  I started with a cup of gumbo which was very good and had the fried chicken which I have to say was only OK.  It was pretty dry.  Note they fry the chicken to order so it takes about 20 minutes.  
My group shared the fried artichoke hearts and they were very good.  The all you can eat Catfish plate also looked like a winner.
Decent place, might give it a try again if I exhaust new places to go to.Yummy with a capital Y! Fun with a capital F!
We went for lunch---amazing cornbread, large beers in frosted mugs, and outstanding po-boys!!Fresh food. Excellent service. Down home southern comfort. Great ambience. Most importantly margaritas were $2. Everything taste organic...even the catfish.The food was so-so...we got the veal cutlet (not great) w/ green beans and mashed potatoes, which were pretty good. The house salad was one slice of cucumber and one bite of tomato and iceberg lettuce...boring! ... loud inside and slow service. They did have good blackberry cobbler though. I don't think I would go back here again.We stopped in the place after a walking tour of the Garden District.  OMG was it good.  I had the fried catfish.  WOW was it good.  Light and sweet.  My wife had a pasta dish and almost licked the plate.  Portions were good sized.  I'd go back here in a heart beat.Excellent little restaurant and bar in the garden district.  Staff is great and the food is excellent.We came in and sat down. My tablemates ordered some alcohol (of course, not the driver). The appetizers were fries green tomatoes and crab legs. The fries green tomatoes were delicious and sort of tasted like fries green beans. The crab legs were pretty good too. For my meal, I ordered something from the Saturday specials- a roast beef po-boy with red beans and jambalaya. It was all delicious. I definitely recommend it if you are here on a Saturday. 
The wait staff was very friendly. It was a bit noisy there, so don't expect to be able to hear people that well. The food came promptly. I'd probably come back here next time I'm in New Orleans. There's a few TVs showing a golf tournament. It's a good place to hang out and have lunch.Fried crab claws were yummy, red beans rice were right on since it was raining out...and they had Dixie ! Love itI was craving Cajun food and this hit the spot. Got the crab and corn bisque and split some jambalaya with a friend. Stole a fewpieces of fried catfish from another friend's plate. All of it was delicious. Plus the waitress was friendly, fast, and knowledgeable about specials and substitutions. 
Did I mention our beer came in a goblet?  ;)Found using a "best restaurant to try" search and were we more than pleased.  Seated with no wait at 8 pm on a Saturday night. Adorable decor. Excellent service.  Our table tried the catfish tacos, the trout and the chicken fingers. Each individual was thrilled with the quality, taste and serving size (8 chicken fingers-wow).  Dinner for 3 adults with iced tea & lemonade for drinks and the bill was just under $50.  Another perk for city dining is this neighborhood has free street parking.  Do not delay in adding this to your MUST try list.Am I seriously writing a review just based on croutons? 
Yes I am. Its like crouton cotton candy. 
I ate there 3 times when I was in NoLa for a week, and staying close by. Second time I went, the line was redonkulous, and yes'um I waited for it, had a lil John Daly outside while I waited. The food is great, and the staff give great service. (Hint: If its busy, it means they *really are* busy. They are not trying to ignore you. Say please, smile and make eye contact. Be patient - have a John Daly!) There are a few other good spots on that section of Magazine, but this one, I found, was the best.I feel like I used to like Joey K's, so I was excited to have lunch here after not coming for a few years. It was just, meh. Sadly. My husband and I split and order of onion rings to start. They were too thick- you couldn't taste any individual components and they were too thick to really be crunchy. My husband and father got salads with spicy honey mustard dressing- neither of them could finish it. It wasn't spicy, as in pepper. It had an insane amount of horseradish in it- just one bite and my sinuses were burning. I had the blue cheese dressing, which was yummy. For our meals- my dad had the eggplant napoleons pasta; and he seemed to like it. I ordered fried chicken dark meat, Mac and cheese and green beans. The beans were canned- bleh. The Mac and cheese was good but not hot (I took it home to heat it well and eat it for lunch tomorrow). The chicken had a nice crunchy and salty breaking- but the chicken was a bit dry and bland inside. And sadly they gave me a breast, which is a typically dry cut. My husband got the turkey plate- he said the turkey was dry, but the gravy was good. The peas were canned. The sweet potatoes were decent. Abs the stuffing was delicious. Overall, not a terrible meal, but not a great one either.This is a restaurant that the Royal House would do well to learn from. It's a neighborhood joint that has good food, decent price-to-portion ratio, and most importantly, a professional staff to help you. I have often mentored people that any business is about problem solving, sometimes big, sometimes small.
At the very least, when you go to a restaurant, the problem you have is simple: you're hungry and would like to eat. If a restaurant is competent, they will at least take your order, get it right, place your order and bring it to you in a reasonable time.
I started with a flavorful cup of corn and crab bisque that had a good, peppery kick that was perfect for a cooling overcast day. A dressed fried shrimp po' boy enhanced by a little hot sauce, accompanied by an iced tea made for a fine lunch. Yum!
This brings me to my dilemma: I want to give the restaurant as positive a review as possible since I've never had a bad dining experience here but almost would rather more people NOT find out about it. (Sigh...) However, to be fair, it should be a restaurant's reward for providing diners with good experience and the good sense to hire responsible staff to get positive reviews so here goes - not only would I gladly return here but would also bring friends.We went for lunch on a Saturday here.  The food was really good.  We were seated within ten minutes even though we were told a 25 minute wait.  Our waiter, on the other hand wasn't very good.  We got meals first then our salads and then our appetizer.  We told him we didn't want the app but he gave it to us at no charge.Nice, family friendly restaurant close to the Lafayette cemetery.  After walking around the cemetery looking for the tomb of Judge Ferguson (from the Plessy v Ferguson case for you history buffs), we were hungry and found this little gem.  
The service was friendly and the food was on point.  I had the grilled salmon and really enjoyed it.  Great lunch spot after a day of walking.Reasonably priced, and delicious! The shrimp was so tender and fresh! I wish we could take this place back to Nevada!
Margo was our waitress and she was great!Stumbled upon this cute place on accident and was pleasantly surprised. After a weekend of unhealthy but delicious Cajun food, I was looking for a little something lighter, and was glad I chose to do that here! I ordered the grilled chicken with new potatoes and veggies. The grilled chicken wasn't bland and really juicy, but definitely not greasy! I also tried the crab chowder and it had the best flavor! The paintings all around the restaurant made for a refreshing atmosphere all around. Come here if you need a break from bourbon and still want great food!Whatever you do, don't order the shrimp remoulade.  This is one of my favorite dishes and I have ordered it at numerous restaurants around the city.  I was so disappointed to receive a pile of those tiny shrimp, rather than normal size shrimp.  I could have dealt with that, but each had a big black stripe down its back due to not being cleaned.   I should have sent it right back, but the doormat in me spent a half hour cleaning them.  Then I was too grossed out to even eat it.  When I told the waitress, she said, oh sorry, you should have told me, but didn't even offer to take it off the check.  I hadn't eaten any of it.  Worst thing I have ever been given in a restaurant in my life.   Literally a bowl of shit.Best comfort food...hamburger steak, mashed potatoes and green beans. Lunch specials under $10. YummersGreat location and ambience!  I had a bit of a wait time.  It wasn't super busy.  Eggplant shrimp pasta was decent but not something I would order again.  Sauce was great.  Shrimp and eggplant were okay.  Bloody Mary was mediocre, but I like mine with a lot of toppings, seasoning, and kick.  I will probably come again but will try something else on the menu.Just had corned beef and cabbage that was fantastic.  The new potatoes was a little too spicy for my taste.  Dined outside with great atmosphere.Wow, wow, wow! What a fantastic place to eat! Joey K's has a lively atmosphere, excellent food and an attentive staff. 
Everything we ordered was cooked to perfection, but I have to give a special shout out to the all-you-can-eat catfish! The succulent, tender pieces of fish were heavenly! That's what I'll get, if I get another chance. The chicken fried steak and fried chicken were excellent, and the green beans and mashed potato sides paired perfectly! 
Bottom line, if you're in the Magazine Street and 7th street area, do yourself a favor and have a meal at Joey K's!An unassuming location, but with exceptional preparation of classic Southern cuisine. Pleasant and prompt service and fun, voodoo-inspired wall art compensated for being seated next to a loud, highly dysfunctional family. House salad was fresh and crisp, accompanied by house made dressing on the side. Fried pork chop with white beans and rice was melt-in-your mouth tender and flavorful. Apple cobbler dessert did not disappoint - looked and tasted homemade. All very reasonably priced. Three courses with a glass of wine came to less than $25 per person.