Very small place and not the best decorated but the food was good.  I got the alligator po boy and my wife the shrimp.  Both were good.  Downside about this place was that the drink machine was broken when we went so we had to get something from their refrigerator.  Also, seating is limited downstairs.We went here for lunch and ordered an Italian sausage, roast beef, and shrimp po boy. All were decent but there is limited seating. Upstairs seating was closed so we sat in the back and it smelled like bleach. Overall a good place for a quick sandwich but better for takeout.Ok, there is a possibility that I will be hated after this, but the po'boy I had here was not very good. I went to this establishment during an August conference I had in the French Quarter; as a California native never having tried any Southern food- because I live in Orange County- I was  excited to try something so Louisiana, but when I got my chicken po-boy I wasn't pleased. I ate half of it because I was hungry, I poured on the hot sauce because the bread was rock hard and dry there wasn't that many other things on my sandwich other than two strips of chicken. Now, while the servers were really nice and let me finish my food even tho' they were about to close. I can't say the po'boy was that good.  I am hoping I just made the wrong choice and should have gotten the seafood one. Well, there's always next time.Today my girlfriend and I split an order of the shrimp po-boy and had a side of red beans n' rice. The portions are definitely large enough to split. In my opinion both were average but my girlfriend enjoyed it more than me. The bread was good but the shrimp were just average, nothing special.A famous sandwich shop that I remembered from over 10 years ago - so happy I found it again on this trip to NOLA.Johnny's Po-Boys is a great little place with a HUGE menu.  Their menu has something for everyone and it's a great place to try something new!
Johnny's is small and a little plain, but the quality of food and the price definitely make up for it.  The menu has an extensive variety of po-boy's as well as other items like seafood gumbo or subs; they also have weekly or daily specials listed somewhere off to the side.  
For those of you unfamiliar with a po-boy, it's a large sandwich consisting of a meat or seafood served on half a french baguette typically with lettuce, tomato and mayo.
If you've never had a po-boy or never had a certain type of po-boy, this is THE place to try it out.  You can choose from the traditional seafood pb's like soft-shell crab and shrimp, or you can pick an exotic one such as alligator!  They also have the tried and true chicken tender, hot dog or tuna salad pb's for those feeling a little less adventurous.  You can get just a sandwich or a combo, and everything is available as take out too.
Some of the meals came out a little quicker than others, and if you end up being one of the lucky ones waiting on your food, don't sweat it!  I ordered the special of the week, the half order soft-shell crab po-boy with a bowl of seafood gumbo on the side, all for about 15 bucks!  I ended up waiting about 15 to 20 minutes for my food, so that did not make me too happy.....especially since I saw the others in my group getting their food very quickly.  Well let me tell you, it was definitely worth the wait!  I got my po-boy plain (no lettuce, tomato or mayo);  a whole order must contain 2 soft-shell crabs as mine was the half and I only got one, but that was more than enough!  I was served a baguette split down the middle with a deliciously crispy fried whole soft-shell crab sitting on top.  They prepared the crab by removing the inside of the crab (guts, etc...), dipping it in breading and frying the entire thing.  The sandwich was hard to eat in one piece, so I ate it open faced.  The seafood gumbo was fan-TASTIC!  Made with entire pieces of soft-shell crabs, large shrimp and crawfish and plenty of veggies and hot sauce, it made the perfect side dish.  It came with a piece of toasted baguette as well and when I used that up, I used the rest of my sandwich baguette to sop up what little gumbo was left.  I dipped the crab in there too; the entire meal was one to remember.......in fact, I'm not gonna lie.....I may day dream about it time and again when I get a craving for some good creole food......and you would too if you tried it!! 
So, in conclusion:  Johnny's Po-boy's =legendary experience!One word--muffulettas.  Awesome muffulettas.  I was here in 1998 and again yesterday.  Hasn't changed a bit.  Amazing food.  The po-boys looked great, too.Not what I was expecting. It's just a sandwich, nothing spectacular. Yes, it's good, but why wait in such a long line for just a sandwich?It was alright.. Got a shrimp po-boy- I wouldn't write home about it. The bread was probably the best part. In comparison to all the other things we tried in Nola, this ranked low.My first time in New Orleans and this was absolutely amazing to come to after exploring the day! I had the Judge Bosetta, it was out quick and I was stuffed! I definitely recommend Johnny's Po-Boys!Felt like I had to try this place since everyone raved about it. I wasn't really impressed with po-boys. I expected that the place would be packed and dirty with a line out the door and it was exactly that. We ordered the shrimp po-boys and they were good but nothing amazing and were fairly dry. It's open late so a good place for drunk munching but don't go out of your way to eat hereI'm new to the world of PoBoys and to be honest I don't really get what the fuss is about. If you're after a giant bread roll stuffed with filling, then 100% this is the place to go. I think they're just not really my thing, probably. The place was full so that's a good sign. Plenty of seating (more out the back, it's a bit hidden) but you could also grab take away and go sit by the river. Cheesy chips looked popularThis place lived up to the hype!!  The sandwiches are well-known are are tasty as hell.  The lines were long and service was SLOW, but this place is frequented by locals and tourists--so I know that had a lot to do with it.  When you go, just be patient & hang in there because it's worth every tasty drop.It's ironic. I came for Po-Boy, but instead, had the best omelet in my life. Even the simple dish:  fried chicken with gravy on top of a biscuit, wowed me completely. The soft shell crab, the reason I came, is also really good.
I wish I live in New Orleans......I came to Johnny's a recommendation from my hotel concierge who rated it as the best location for po-boys in the French Quarter.  The po boys were great, my husband and I both had shrimp and crawfish mixed po boys fully dressed with letter and tomatoes.  However, I was not thrilled with the gumbo, the ingredients were not as fresh, it seemed if they were canned veggies that had been sautéed.  Luckily we arrived just in time, the line was out the door within minutes of our arrival.  The sweet tea was really good, too consider in not very many places in New Orleans serve it.Always a good sign when you see the bread delivered fresh every day. Poboys are great, grits were perfect, and biscuits were moist and amazing. Line moved fast and food came out quick.I just wrapped up my first time ever in New Orleans.  I had never been before and on my list of food items to try, I wanted a po-boy.  We asked around and several locals recommended Johnny's.  I had the shrimp po-boy and I was impressed.  This is a real hole-in-the-wall, which I prefer.  It is small and cramped though.  Service was what it was.  The sandwich was really tasty, the shrimp fried to a nice golden crunch and the meat still tender, and the hot sauce on the table added the perfect kick.Good Po-Boys. Filled to the point that the ingredients fell out.On my recent expedition to New Orleans, I decided to hit up Johnny's based on some trusted Yelpers that had previously reviewed the place.  I have to say, based on the reviews I expected something out of this world.
Instead it was still within this realm, but slightly better than its surrounding parts.  I was super hungry and opted for a full shrimp po-boy dressed (dressed = mayo, lettuce, pickles, tomato), because that's how this chick rolls.  I did come in about 30 minutes before close of business on a Monday, so I was happy that they were even willing to serve me.  I should have known that the quickness of my order being ready could possibly indicate the lack of fresh items I would receive. 
My po-boy was HUGE and a little daunting at first, but when I realized that most of the massiveness was attributed to the bread, I wasn't so scared. Bread and I go wayyyyyy back!  The bread/italian loaf was good but a little too crisp and injured my gums on a few bites.  The shrimp were large, but unfortunately they tasted like the frozen variety of a sea creature that I prefer fresh....I mean this is the gulf coast right???  The other ingredients were fresh, but then those require little preparation.  Luckily I only spent about $12 with a drink, because if I had spent more I would have been a little ticked.
Maybe I should try some of their other options on my next visit to NOLA, but with so many dining options I doubt I'll make it back for a long while.Last stop before we fly back to Dallas. Always awesome, fresh food here at great price! Always crowded & seating somewhat limited. Usually come for beak fast but here for lunch today.Po-Boy was good but too dry.  Shrimp was plentiful but not the best I've had. Over priced. Tips: Cash Only.  No Beer.The best poboy shop in NOLA. By far!Avoid the overpriced tourist traps and eat anything your Cajun food loving heart desires right here. Dozens of po-boys, great breakfast/brunch and dirt cheap. Shrimp grits here is simple, pure and killer good!
Friendly and crazy fast staff, don't let the line fool you, it'll move very quickly. Great, great stop.Johnny's po-boys is definitely a New Orleans gem. I went twice during my recent trip - first for a crawfish poboy and second for the muffuletta. What's great about Johnny's is that they're not trying to be anything special, they know exactly what they are. They have solid po-boys and a huge menu at that. It's a crowded place that can sometimes take a while to get your sandwich, but it's worth the wait. The muffuletta is beyond phenomenal. Their olive tapenade spread for the sandwich is out of this world flavorful - having more than just olives (carrots, etc.). They really do the muffuletta justice - the best I've ever had for sure. 
Don't sit next to the table that's one door down from the restroom in the back though - that's where they put the big garbage bags throughout the day. We sat down and noticed a puddle of garbage water and had to move before our purchases from a day of shopping around the quarter got ruined.Make sure you BRING CASH!!! Tried the roast beef po boy with lettuce and tomato. It's the messiest food I think I've ever eaten in my life. They do give you a  fork which I definitely used. Portion was bigger than anticipated so that was a great surprise. Sandwich breach was soft with a little toughness when you bite it. The gravy in the roast beef is absolutely divine. Some creaminess and saltiness that is combined into a perfect combination. Would have enjoyed some sides that were offered except I wasn't too hungry to begin withWhat a tourist trap. Kind of a dive looking deli. Waited about 15 minutes in line just to place an order to go, then waited another 25 minutes for a couple of sandwiches and an order of cheese fries. The seafood moufaleeta wasn't very good and the shrimp po-boy needed improvement. The oysters,  catfish, shrimp and fries were all fried in the same grease which seemed to be used for awhile. The shrimp tasted a bit strange,  so I ended up tossing the rest of mess in the trash. I wouldn't recommend this place. Although maybe a breakfast sandwich at 9am might be a better choice.If you are on a low carb diet, don't stop here. If you looking for good eats without worrying about calories or carbs this is a must stop on your tour of NOLA.O-M-G is was soooooooo good. Ordered the chicken club po boy and hawt damn...my stomach and taste buds were in love! Is was HUGE and delish! Def worth the visit and the price plus there is so much to choose from. A must for a po boyGreat poboys joint.. Makes me feel like I found a true landmark. Tons of selections.. A melding of locals and tourists... 
My classic shrimp PoBoy was perfect.Pas mal du tout cette petite place bien typique, qui sent l'histoire et le vécu!
Je n'ai malheureusement pas essayé de Po-Boy, mais j'ai pris un Breakfast avec clamfish qui était très bon! L'option Biscuit dans le Breakfast offre un très bon pain moelleux fait maison, délicieux!
Très bon rapport qualité prix et très bon service.
La place se remplit vite, mais les commandes sont vite traitées, en mode fast food
A essayer!My favorite po boy that I tried.  I ordered an oyster po boy, my lady companian ordered an egg po boy (as she was not feeling adventurous).  I am a firm believer that the bread makes the sandwich, and this is absolutely true with a po boy.  Johnny's giant loaf of bread squishes down if you squeeze your sandwich even slightly.  The dressing was great and the breading on the oysters was lighter and not overpowering or too crunchy.  While I didn't understand the choice to order the egg po boy, she has been dreaming about that sandwich ever since.
Pro tip: get a bag and some hot sauce and take your lunch down a few blocks to the park, then fall asleep under a tree for a while.Very disappointed.   The crawfish and softshell crab were over fried.   Just crunchy dried out breading.   You could not taste anything inside the crunchy breading.  The Gumbo was tasty but not hot.. just warm.   We threw everything in the trash and went elsewhare for lunch.  I asked if we could have the Gumbo while we were waiting for the po boys and was told no, that they "would come out together". 
In all of our visits to Yelp recommended restaurants, this is the first one that diid not live up to the reviews.Place is cramped and dirty, and not in a cool way. It has good AC though. Usually there is a long line, and the po' boys take almost 15 minutes to make, but they are made to order. I had a "Judge Bosetta" whoch was pretty big. It's made of ground beef with ground spicy and Italian sausages. It's good but the baguette wasn't fresh, and they charge extra for lettuce, tomatoes and pickles which is annoying. the sandwich ended up costing over 12$ after taxes. Over priced as far as I'm concerned. 
BTW, it's cash only.
All in all, meh...I'd like to preface that the food lived up to the reputation. Everything anyone had in my group was fantastic, but being a tourist trap the line was unbearable, and the feeling of authenticity was lost. 
The real trick was to get everything togo and take it a few blocks away to the waterfront to eat.This is the place to go if you want to try an authentic poboy. Be prepared to stand in line, but it's worth it!i'm a local,  delivery took an hour from a block away. the gumbo is shitty beef gravy with 3 shrimp !!! shit!!! roastbeef gumbo? ?? shrimp po boy, meh! not recommended! bread is tuff, lettuce is possibly from the alley behind mcdonalds, shrimps from the 5day old splooge factory.  gotta be shithammered drunk to enjoy this shitbuffet of pure fucking crapcapades!! wouldn't feed to my neighbors asshole dog that barks all fucking night. 
go to parkway bakery!  worth the trip!!I thought the bread here was dry and flavorless, though my husband really enjoyed his poboy - so they are getting three stars. The shrimp inside was cooked well, and they don't skip on toppings, it just didn't please my palate in particular.Cash and TRAVELER'S CHECKS only (wtf?). I got a kick out of that since I can't remember the last time I've heard anyone reference traveler's checks.
Johnny's is very small and very inefficiently run.  You place your order to the right, and pick up to the left.. so there's just big crowds of people standing around, some waiting to order, some waiting to pick up.. in a small area...
That didn't really bother me, because it's what I'd expect from any hole in the wall po boy place where you are probably going to get the best po boys in town.  I was super excited since I'd never had a Po Boy in New Orleans.  We ordered the shrimp (classic) and the blackened chicken. Somehow they messed up the order and we ended up with fried catfish instead of chicken, which was thankfully very good, but not what I'd ordered / wanted.
I hate to say it, but the po boy was good not great.  I mean, fried shrimp on bread is something you can't really go wrong with so I was expecting something a little extra..something I'd feel like I could only get in New Orleans, and I certainly didn't feel that.  I had a po boy in Mexico the weekend before which was possibly better.
So, Johnny's.. when it comes to Po Boys, my quest for the best in Nola continues.Johnny's ...what can I say? This place invokes memories of as a kid when my grandfather and I would get away from everyone and go to Johnny's to share a Po-Boy together. This place is one of the original po-boy joints in New Orleans and it hasn't changed. My favorites are the shrimp and catfish po-boys. The line can be discouraging, but just wait it out and your taste buds will love you. One po-boy goes a long way, so split one with your loved one or save the left overs for the next day cuz I guarantee it will taste just as good. Add on a cold Coca-Cola or a Strawberry Fanta and life doesn't get any better!
Thanks for the great sandwiches and memories Johnny!!today I witnessed the cook person pulling my smoked sausage for my red beans & Rice dish out of the DEEP fryer.  I guess that was the quickest way to heat it up.
Scratch another lazy french quarter tourist trap kitchen off my frequently visited list.
I had a lack of good judgement and ate it and I had indigestion all day from that meal.
The counter guy taking the order had such a bad attitude.This place is just plain disgusting.   Absolutely filthy with a bunch of employees that obviously hate their jobs.  Food and leftover garbage left out all over for hours!  Took over an hour to get our food once we got in the door.  Completely disorganized staff.
Seafood gumbo was barely even warm and the fried shrimp in my po boy was cold.  Total ripoff as well!!!  Prices are too high!!!
Their are po boy joints all over New Orleans...try another place.
No way I'd ever go back there.
A guy dropped a full beer on the floor that he took out of the refrigerator and it shattered and they literally just laughed and never cleaned it up in the hour we were there. Customers had to walk through and over broken glass and beer!!!  Insane!!!
There's so much hype about this place that they are making fistfulls of cash and as a result, they could care less about the interior, customer service, or quality of what they're putting out.
One couple asked to have tables cleared and a woman came from behind the counter and cleared half the tables and just left the other dirty tables...she could care less.  Unreal.
Seriously, the diviest craphole of a restaurant ever.  SKIP IT!!!!
I'd give it no stars if I could.  An hour to get our food (2 po boys and 2 seafood gumbos (which were awful)). Cash and traveler's checks only as well.  Lame.No frills; expectation fulfilled, and some. Generous (southern) portions, quality ingredients, simple pleasure but a benchmark experience. Take a friend, and have a beer while you wait.The shrimp Po-Boys are the most popular sandwich, so that's what I ordered. I found the sandwich to be good but nothing fascinating about it. The thing cost $15 dollars, I've had amazing sandwiches at other places for around that price that were amazing.We went to Johnny's Poorboys and were very disappointed. The bread was not fresh, the shrimp were rubbery, the roast beef did not have allot of flavor. It also took us an hour to get our food at 3 in the afternoon. Two food tours came through and they took up half the tables leaving people standing a long time. We will look elsewhere for the best poorboy in New Orleans.Over hyped. The po-boys are huge and had a lot of freshly fried shrimp on it. But too much bread and would have been better with some kind of special sauce. Just nothing special about it. Save your calories for other quintessential New Orleans food!Roast beef po' boy...nuff said.Yum yum ! Very casual ! Very small cozy sandwich shop .... But boy is the po-boy good ! Big enough to share but you might want to keep it all to yourself !Start with breakfast for your hangover.  The biscuits are great.  Then come back for a po-boy at lunch.  
It's not the best po-boy you'll have but it competes.   They're big enough to share.  The skin is definitely not on the shrimp, the bread is definitely fresh, the oil does get changed often.  Now, this isn't a guarantee.  I've been here a dozen times and never had a problem.  Some folks may have had bad experiences, but they're likely grading Johnny's on one visit.  The muffy's are awesome too.  Great bread.  Grab one of these if you don't want to run to Central Grocery or one of the other spots.
If you're in the quarter, it's definitely worth eating.  If you're not in the quarter, it's kind of a hassle with the line and no credit cards, so pick another of the great po-boy places.Great sandwich.  Very simple.  Fried meat, lettuce, tomatoes, and bread.  Got the fried pork chop.  Meat cooked perfectly, perfectly crispy and juicy.  Bread was really good and the sauce added just enough sweetness to the sandwich.  Girlfriend fot the shrimp.  Another well fried item.  Biscuit was a little too greasy for me but fluffyI had read other reviews about this place being dirty, but I went anyhow to check the place out for myself. Well, the first thing we saw was a guy in gloves handling a filthy trash can and then proceed to handle food with those same gloves on. 
We walked right out.Stopped in for lunch on our final day in NOLA. We had the fried shrimp po boy and the blackened chicken. Both were delicious. The shrimp had a fabulous crunchy breading and were so fresh and not over cooked. The chicken was tender and juicy. Definitely a must try the next time you're in the French Quarter.I've been here twice for lunch. I like it.  The roast beef poboy is delish.  The debris was great.  I would suggest a knife.  4 napkins.  The reason I wrote this review, however, was for the salad i just finished.  My goodness! The chicken club salad.  Order it. It's got a nice lettuce, a fruit slice, veggies, shredded cheese and bacon.  I did the fried, but grilled chicken would be great too. I do not recommend the blue cheese dressing, it is kraft packets :(Johnny's is a no frills kinda place. Go here if you want a hearty lunch (only open until 4:30!) that will satisfy your po-boy craving. They've got every option you can imagine, and some tasty Cajun classics!Service was fast but I guess that's what you'd  expect.  A bit chaotic.  I had the 1/2 n 1/2 combo with shrimp PoBoy.  Tasty but definitely over stuffed with lettuce and a little light on the shrimp.  More bread and lettuce than I would have liked.  But shrimp was good.  Seafood gumbo was the best part. A little kick with chunks of seafood. Think they can take out the half of crab...takes up too much room and there's no meat, just shell.  It was a good lunch for the price.  Take it to go and head to the River or Jackson square.  Too cramped to Eat inside.WARNING TOURIST TRAP
CASH or Travelers checks only!!! 
The staff is very very rude.
The guy who took my  friend and my order was extremely rude. We ordered two poboys and one drink and it was $31 dollars! 
Now my friend and I actually wanted to get half a poboy and when I asked the cashier he said they don't have half orders. So we were forced to get the whole sandwich. So after paying we were looking around and saw they have COMBOS for half a poboy that includes a side and drink. We were very frustrated because he just told us there was no half sandwiches. We asked the cashier about it and if we could change our order if it hasn't been made.....WELL he looked at me and said it was already being wrapped up. After waiting another 15 mins our food came out.  Let me tell you. THERE IS NOTHING SPECIAL about their poboys nothing!!!! The catfish has no flavor. The shrimp was just average if not less!!! Save your money and go somewhere else! Don't spend almost $35 like we did. Don't believe the hype.Really sloppy Roast Beef. Was very tasty, but the bottom bun was completely soaked and soggy. I realize these aren't supposed to be clean eats, but I couldn't even pick it up. That said, the flavor was great. Gumbo lacked kick.I stumbled upon this place as I was roaming around the city for a short hour.  It was 9am, and was definitely in the mood for lunch cause, well, why not?!  I asked the cashier what the most popular item was and he said a shrimp po boy, and that is exactly what I ordered.  I seated myself at the counter next to the drink machine.  I was surrounded by a good number of people eating lunch too!  I received my order, a huge sandwich with fried shrimp, lettuce, tomato, dressing, and pickles.  I tasted like it lacked some seasoning whether it be pepper, salt, something to give it that umph, but nonetheless a good sandwich for my first New Orleans po boy.All this hype about the Po' Boy sandwich and the Muffuletta, I had to know what the big deal was and what was the difference between the two. We chose to try them both out at Johnny's. A side street in the French Quarter off of Decatur Street. It's a small family-owned place with none of the tourist flashiness. We ordered a Johnny's Special Po Boy and asked for it "dressed"and a muffuletta grilled.
When the food arrived, Ithe Po Boy looked like any ordinary sandwich on french bread. What's the big deal? First bite -- OMG. It's a BIG deal. It was soooo good. I can't even describe it to you. I think the secret is that extra roast beef "debris" they throw in there and the right amount of cheese that melts over the cold cuts. It was so good I didn't want to put it down to try the muffuletta. I didn't think it could compare. Turns out the muffuletta was also amazing. The difference is that  it's made with Italian bread, mozarella instead of American or Swiss and the one at Johnny's uses an olive spread over the cold cut meats. If I HAD to chose between the two though, I'd take the Po' Boy.asked a cabbie in the quarter for a good place to have breakfast near my hotel and he pointed this place out; pork chop, eggs (perfectly cooked medium exactly as I asked for), grits, and a huge fluffy biscuit...that's what I call home cooking; i'm coming back later for a po' boy made out of something else on the menu!Plenty of poboys to choose from here. Pick the one you want and then hunt for a table. Located in the Quarter, but still delivers a locals punch. The lines may be long, but they move quickly and it usually doesn't take long to whip you up a sandwich. 
I would make a suggestion here, but all that I have tried are good. Take your pick and enjoy. Wash it down with an Abita if you are of age.Very good po-boys inside the French Quarter. Lunch line out the door with many sandwich choices on the menu. Had the roast beef po-boy lunch special. Very messy but very good.Stopped in here for a quick breakfast before Jazzfest.  Nothing is quick in this place.  After we ordered, it took over 20 minutes to get our food.  Eggs, biscuits and basic stuff.  They cook one thing at a time on there quite large griddle.  Forget if they start having a conversation behind the counter....everything stops so they can chat.  Grits are less than stellar BTW.Great little place! Nice customer service and food came up fast! I had the lunch special..roast beef poboy and it was delicious! Messy but good! Place was packed!I wanted to eat here but I just couldn't. Not because they were closed but due to the fact that the establishment was unbelievably filthy. The employees looked unkempt where their clothes were stained and rumpled, the tables had trash on them as no one was cleaning them up & the trash near the entrance was overflowing. Also, there were 4 trash bins lined up directly outside of the front door so you couldn't help but take in the scent each time the door opened. The location is extremely small but I've visited other locations on my trip that were smaller than this but I would be willing the eat off their floor. Here? Not so much....
We were told this was THE place to get a po boy but we (my brother & I) refused to eat here because of the condition of the restaurant. I'm usually not that picky but this is where I drew the line. Maybe it was the best po boy in The Big Easy but I'll never find out.Inexpensive  food and good!  Place is crowded and self serve.   But Po boys were greatI've been visiting Johnny's for a few years now, very good Po-Boys, we got the roast beef and shrimp. It was good, the roast beef was hands down my favorite. So moist and juicy. Gotta make sure to get it dressed and with cheese to make it amazing!This place is amazing. Get the seafood muffaletta. Drench it with hot sauce. Also suggest you share with someone if you have a normal size stomach.The line was crazy long out the door at lunch time on New Year's Eve, but it smelled so good!
My wife and I picked up a Shrimp Po Boy and Red Beans and Rice to share. Since it was packed, we got it to go and found a spot along the Mississippi for a little picnic.
Everything was fantastic, but we ordered too much food. One entree is plenty for 2 to share. We left the remainder of our red beans and rice with a street performer who seems to appreciate it.
You can't leave New Orleans without trying a Po Boy, and I'm not sure they get any better than at Johnny's. Worth the wait!I didn't know what a Po Boy was until I walked in but I was determined to eat one before I left New Orleans.  Hailed by the guy we met on the plane and all the other Yelp Reviews, we had to go. All 9 of us. 
Small and unassuming place, more seating for large groups in the back past the kitchen. I ordered the Po boy and gumbo special.  Orders took a bit to come out but when you want hot and fresh food, you wait. 
I ordered the shrimp Po boy, someone ordered the alligator sausage, oyster and catfish. Gumbo was tasty! You got 2-3 shrimp in each cup. Po Boy was big!  That's what she said !!! 
Don't leave NO with out stopping in for a good sandwich!!!We had the roast beef po'boy and bbq beef po'boy. They were both phenomenal. The sloppier the better. The gravy oozed out with every bite of the roast beef. It was delicious.Hey thanks friendly cabbie. Not only did you make me feel better about not remembering where I had my hotel reservation-I made it over a month ago, give me a break but you pointed out where to eat. Obviously this place is pretty popular/touristy but they have different varieties of Po'Boy which is a pretty good sandwich. Since I am in the Big Easy I thought-why not a Gator po'boy. I have to say it was a little different, a bit tough but tasty with a remoulade sauce that I had to say was pretty good. I think it's a little on the expensive side but I'm learning very quickly that New Orleans isn't very cheap. I'll try another po'boy somewhere else and compare. Stay tuned.Fat shrimp poboy and gumbo. Dirty tables that didn't sit evenly on cushioned linings. Sandwich did not have the wow factor, but it had the fill factor. Seems like a lot of people come here after a crazy night out, since they're open relatively early for lunch. Sometime I wonder if it's because the business has been open for decades, and that's why they're so popular. It was a good experience for a po boy New Orleans.One of the people in our party really wanted to try a Po-boy and was just going there to accommodate her. We fallowed Kindrell suggestion to get half shrimp half catfish dressed and with debris. And it was nothing short of amazingI'll make this easy for you, order the muffuletta. I decided what I was going to order before walking through the door and I urged my husband to follow suit. However, he got the alligator sausage Po' boy, and while I sat there in my muffuletta bliss he turned green with envy. (I'm pretty sure I spied a number of other customers peering at my plate with order envy as well.) Fortunate for him, the sandwich is huge and he got half anyway. He wasn't too impressed with the Po' boy, but I feel like in general the Po' boy is overhyped. After all, it's just a sandwich on French bread. Now, the Sicilian immigrants used some magic when they created the muffuletta. The olive salad alone is out of this world. It's salty, and tangy, and adds moisture to the sesame bread. It's a sandwich that you will want a second and third time. Aside from the food, I really liked this shop. It was a mix of locals and tourists, and the locals made me feel like we picked a good spot. I was surprised by the variety of items on the menu...breakfast, sandwiches, gumbo. The checkered table clothes, the eat wherever you can find a seat, and the cash-only policy, reminded me of some of my other small, local, favorite places to eat!Wowwww!  Now I understand the Po Boy.  First time visitors to N'awlins, our hotel recommended Johnny's for Po Boys.  As we walked up, it wasn't clear the joint was open unitl we saw some folks exiting.  It was a little overwhelming and intimidating with so many items on the regular menu, daily specials taped to the display case, and bustling activity.  Prior reading of this board had steered me toward 3 items: soft shell crab po boy (if available), roast beef po boy and a cup of gumbo.  Two of our party were overwhelmed and decided there was nothing there they wanted.  I ordered for my wife and I - roast beef po boy and cup of the day's special gumbo - chicken and sausage.  They were both a revelation.  The po boy was juicy and tasty and the soft bread soaked up the gravy.  So simple, so good.  Beautiful!!  And the gumbo - C'est bon ca!  It was what my family called swamp water gumbo (brown), as opposed to the green okra thickened gumbo.  I went to find my sister-in-law and brother-in-law to give them a taste, but they had wandered off.  I ordered a soft shell crab po boy, red beans & rice, and jambalaya to go.  The soft shell crab po boy was nice, but the jambalaya was bad, and the beans and rice were AWFUL.  Stick with what Johnny's does well and your belly will love you.
Oh, they were selling lots of plates of plates of Spaghetti and Meatballs.  Must be a reason!Saw this on Andrew Zimmern show on the Travel Channel and so glad we tried it!!! The sandwiches were delicious and as most places in the French Quarter it is cash only. We had a few Po'boys in NOLA but this was hands down the best.They probably have the largest selection of different po boys of any other place in the area.  The muffaletta here is now better quality than the one at Central Grocery.  They make decent po boys here but the line is usually way too long for what it is.  The biggest hassle here, other than the crowd, is that they only take cash.  The roast beef po boy is ok but certainly not among my favorites and not worth dealing with the crazy lunch wait with the crowded dining area (they are also only open for breakfast and lunch closing at 4:40 in the afternoon).  This is probably a place you should visit once just to see what all the hype is about but it certainly won't ever be on my regular rotation as it has essentially become a major tourist destination and there are too many other great places to eat for a similar price with much better amenities and you also might even get service for the same price as the no service here. They also have a nice little surprise for folks with their upstairs dessert area that has some tasty treats if you have any room left in your belly after your main course.Seriously good sandwiches- we grabbed some a few days ago for lunch. Tried half a fried shrimp po boy and half a crabcake po boy. Whoa, way too much food. Crabcakes were really rich but I loved them. Shrimp was good but not as special. Do yourself a favor and split 1 sandwich between 2 people! The place was packed and there was a bit of a wait to get our food but it was worth it. Seating inside looked crowded and uncomfortable so we headed to the wharf and enjoyed our food sitting on a bench overlooking the Mississippi. 
Cash only!!!Try the gumbo. Believe me, you need to get a po-boy here but you NEED to try the GUMBO. What a shocker, this place had the best gumbo I had during our entire stay in New Orleans.
I ordered the lunch special combo - 1/2 fried shrimp po-boy with a cup of gumbo and a drink. The sandwiches are huge, and I loved the fry batter on the shrimp - it was crunchy and not greasy. The savory gumbo with rice comes with lots of shrimp - they don't skimp on anything in this city and I love that!Seriously amazing shrimp po-boys, muffaletta, and gumbo.  Busy place, cash only, but totally worth it.Came here looking for a crawfish Po-Boy but they were all out. "Settled" for a shrimp Po-Boy instead. This ended up being an amazing sandwich. Simple and not that attractive, the sandwich still packed a punch as far as taste and satisfaction is concerned.
I did not have to wait in line at all and the service was fast. This is a cash only establishment and there is plenty of seating inside. Do not leave New Orleans without hitting this place up!huge servings, long lines, cash only, crowded, more space in back. totally worth it.A heavenly way to indulge a hangover: Johnny's shrimp po-boy picnic by the river.Never fails to provide the best poboy in the city!  I actually like the fact that they only accept cash even though it can be a pain. Tried the seafood gumbo and it was just ok. Too thick and too much rice. Flavor was just ok. Had the roast beef and it was perfect t as always. Also had the oyster poboy. Full of seafood and the bread is always the part that makes it!  See you for breakfast!Best po-boy we've ever had!
Will most definitely come back for their vast selection .Johnny's is my preferred breakfast spot for high-value, basic southern-style American breakfast.  It is no frills and no nonsense eggs, omlettes with grits and a biscuit.  The French Quarter otherwise has very fancy places or begniet coffee houses.  Cash only, walk in look at blackboard menu above grill, order, get your self-serve coffe or tea, and wait a minute.  Kitchen runs smooth.It's small and super crowded. I was seated next to a pack of drunk tourists who were loud and obnoxious, one of who never removed his sunglasses throughout his entire meal. I had to clean off my own table and get my napkins off of neighboring tables because my dispenser was empty. They ran out of ice and it took awfully long for them to refill it. 
That being said, it was the best shrimp poboy I've had in New Orleans to date. Will I be back? Hell yes I will!excellent! Hi had breakfast but saw lots of great Po-Boys going out the door. Friendly and a great bargain.Great little deli....desserts upstairs....Sandwich was really big...and the roast was very tasty...big enough to split. The french fries were different, kind of seasoned but grew on me and finally found myself wanting more of them. Staff was friendly, that always helps.
They close early...so go for lunch. When busy there is seating for dining in the back behind the kitchen and restrooms are back there also.If you stay around the french quarter, you can not miss a meal at Johnny's Po-boy. The space is kind of cramped, but if all you care about is good ol' New Orleans style food and sandwiches, then this is the place to be. Lunch hour rush usually starts at 1130 and can go on as late as 2pm. But, it is sure worth the wait.
Their shrimp po-boy and oyster po-boys are amongst the best i've ever had in New Orleans.
Can't miss place.I was looking  for authentic new orleans food and we stopped here at Jonnys PO boys and I  had the catfish Po- boy and the boudin balls every thing was amazing, the food was fresh no wonder this place is soooo popularSeafood gumbo was not that good. The gumbo from intercontinental hotel's room service was much better.
Totally let down by the hyped up poboy madness. Shrimp poboy is just fried shrimps and lettuce in a sub.Never had a PoBoy before ordered the shrimp and it was great. Don't have anything to compare but I liked it. Must have in New Orleans.I love the simple menu, quick service, and no-frills old-school atmosphere. The bacon and egg poboy was huge, tasty and filling.
I want to go back and try the other poboys, and the gumbo.
This place is cash-only.Long long line, and not worth it. maybe if the wait wasnt too long i would have enjoyed it more!People talk good about this place to talk good...that's it. They make a good PoBoy...done. Not hard to make a sandwich. Hardly worth the 1 3/4 hour wait I had. If that helps you make a decision then great. If you want to learn more, read on.
The staff behind the counter are rude and could care less that you are waiting. This is evidenced by the lack of drive and general back talk at the grill. More than once the head guy could be heard saying "what do you expect when you see a long line?!" As well as other niceties. 
There is no semblance of order to the cooking. I was order 922... Which was for one sandwich. Meanwhile numbers well above me with multiple sandwiches were leaving. 
I saw what looked like four prepers...not cooks but sandwich people working. They all had a stack of tickets but not in order. If your ticket falls...which I observed several times...it went to the back of the stack.
It would seem that one ticket line, in order would be best. Each preper could grab the next ticket in line, make the meal, serve it and grab the next ticket. With four people doing this it would move right along. It's sandwiches people!!! With fries and rice as a side!
Over rated is the way to sum it up. If you have nothing to do and don't mind waiting an hour or longer while waiting hip to hip with people then go. If you appreciate your time go elsewhere.$20 for a shrimp poboy-drink and fry.  Shrimp was cold and very few.  Cash only and very few seats.  Bread  makes a sandwich and their's was average at beat.  Recommend you find another place for a poboy!Meh. That's the best I can say about it. Stand in line for a while, pay in cash and try and find a seat. New Orleans version of fast food. We tried the catfish po-boy, cheeseburger po-boy, fried chicken salad, gumbo and hot dog po-boy. Nothing comes with sides.  Our 5 things plus 5 bottles of water (no sides) cost us $65.Hands down, my favorite Po-Boy shop in NOLA.  The bread is airy, soft and chewy.  It soaks up the mayo and roumelade dressing so well!  The shrimp is battered and deepfried to perfection.
But be prepared to share cause one of these bad boys will fill you up!
Don't order the spicy sausage...unless you are prepared to seriously battle and triumph over BTS.We arrived just in time to beat the long lines but this place is extremely busy.  The catfish po-boy we ordered was mediocre at best.  The catfish was boring and flavorless.  I had to add about half a bottle of hot sauce to make it taste good.  The restaurant was not in good shape.  Tables weren't bussed...we had to bus our own table before we could eat...I'd be ok with that if their po-boys were actually good.
Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere for a po-boy.  We went to Parasol's and had a roast beef po-boy...it was 1000x better.This place had a lot of options on what to eat!! Unfortunately though service wasn't the fastest. The place also kind of smelled weird and the bathrooms were not the most pleasant place. The food was very good there! And the servings were large. 
One thing to caution is that it is cash only, however there is an ATM inside.Oops, I thought I already reviewed this place!
We stopped here for some lunch. I was excited to eat here and had specifically requested to have lunch here as I had heard about this place years ago when I first came to NOLA, but had never had the opportunity to try their famous po boys. We waited in line and when we got to the front, there was a sign that said they only take cash. that's annoying after waiting 20 minutes in line. Why wouldn't they post that on the outside of the place??? Anyway, we had cash, so we were OK, but my friend had to go to the ATM inside Johnny's so she could order.
I had the friend shrimp Po Boy, my partner had the Turkey Po Boy and my friend had the Chicken Parm Po Boy. We also had a side of fries.
Inside, the place was a dirty dump. Tables were not cleaned off or cleared so it was up to you to clean a table if you wanted to sit down and eat. The staff was bordering on unfriendly, and you got a general idea that they really didn't give a crap if you were there or not. I personally like spending my money where people appreciate that I am choosing their establishment- there are many, many choices out there and businesses close every day, ya know? Anyway,onto the food.
My Shrimp Po Boy was obviously made with cheap quality frozen shrimp and day old bread. It was gross and despite my hunger, I tossed half of it. My partner though his sandwich was also gross with old bread and he tossed half of his. My friend had to wait forever for her sandwich to be ready and then she picked at it for a bit and decided it was awful and tossed almost the entire thing. The fries were small and again just from the freezer.
This is actually the worst sandwich I have ever eaten, and I've been to Subway and similar places before! People,please don't go here. It's really gross and there's no need for it. If you want cheap food in the quarter, go to Felipes Taqueria or Cafe Du Monde or even eat at the French Market. pass on this place, your stomach will thank you!If you give this place anything less than 4 stars, you just don't understand. If you correlate this in any way to Subway, you just don't understand. If you think a French, dressed po' boy is bland, you've burned out your tastebuds or were expecting something completely different.Perfect lunch spot!  I got the shrimp po-boy and my husband got the catfish po-boy.  It was full and we just grabbed a part of table that was empty.  The atmosphere is very laid-back and casual.  The food was delicious! If you're in the french quarter - you must go here!Our first stop in New Orleans was to get a Po Boy! We got recommended to go to Johnny's and when we arrived the line was to the door. We chose a shrimp Po boy and a soft shell crab Po boy, both dressed! We waited a little longer than most people but we could tell ours would be fresh. The Po boys were huge. I would have given this more stars except both the shrimp and the crab were not cleaned (needed to be deveined). It's fine except no one really enjoys eating that.. Other than that these were good!Really good cafe food.  
We had their breakfast this morning, and it turned out to be a place we'll definitely come back to!OMG All I can say is THEY DELIVER in a rainstorm to hungover hotel guests!!!!  Holy crap, we needed some po-boys stat and Johnny's was there during game time even - they gave us props for doing it right, then we shoveled ourselves out the door to go see Rebirth at Tips.  What a great night that was!!!  Johnny's saved us, and can save you too, if you let them.Overall (8/10)
Food (8/10)
Atmosphere (7/10)
Service (7/10)
Well this place was good.  Not knowing what to expect from this place I gave it a shot.  The sandwiches are good, i mean it is fried things (or deli meats) on bread.  Good, possibly above average, but nothing to rave about.  Still worth the time to eat here though.  If I lived in the area, I may explore more and see where else I could eat.  It had the vibe of being very touristy.
Would I be back?
Yeah, It was a decent lunchThis is my favorite spot in New Orleans. I've had a couple of their Po'Boys and my favorite is the shrimp. Simply made with fresh ingredients. The bread makes it. You will crave it very soon after you leave. Unfortunately I can only get it on our Summer stops. Can't wait for my next one.Read some reviews trying to find the best Po-Boy in NOLA.  This place was rated pretty well and recommended by my hotel.  I had the shrimp and it was great, but as with many of my reviews I will clarify the 3 stars.  I did not have one before or any where else in NOLA so I cannot compare it to another.  Also as with most of the meal I had in NOLA I would say that each signature meal(gumbo, red beans n rice..etc) was a little different in each place and all good.This place was good. We were staying right down the street and it's a solid quick breakfast place. Had the PoBoy one day and we went back the next and I had bacon egg and cheese on Texas toast. 
Highly suggest it!!I think 37 minutes is entirely too long to wait for eggs over easy (they weren't), bacon and grits. And it wasn't busy. Sorry, Johnny, you lost my business.Has a great following, but we weren't that impressed. Ordered a cheeseburger poboy fully dressed and a hot roast beef poboy, also fully dressed. Cheeseburger was cooked very well, but the bread was stale and the roast beef was smothered with brown gravy. The order came out to be $26 which is unbelievable for a take out deli.  It was extremely busy and the employees were not friendly. We didn't get to try the ice cream upstairs but I would be willing to try the ice cream. Don't believe the hypeThis place is some sort of local prank, riiight? I asked a few people where to get a poboy because I was hungry and in New Orleans. Johnny's was recommended by everyone. So of course I'm thinking, "Man, I gotta check this place out." And it was only a couple of blocks away, so there I went. I arrived and upon walking in, I was instantly overwhelmed by the mass of people in such a tiny place. I swallow my anxiety and wait for my turn in line because these are going to be the best poboys ever! I get to the counter and place my order with the rudeish cashier, whereupon I'm informed that it's CASH ONLY! Okay. (Seems like a definite tax cheat or something) I pay my cash and wait. I ordered the shrimp poboy and when it arrives, it is dressed so lite, I thought I was dreaming. I paid $12 dollars for this? I ate my half. It was ok. I've had MUCH better! My boyfriend had the crawfish poboy, he seemed to enjoy it (after bathing it in ketchup). I took a bite and thought the fried crawfish was disgusting! Bleh bleh bleh. Nothing about this place is worth it. I honestly think it is a joke among the locals to send the tourists to this trap and to keep us out of their restaurants.I would give them 6 stars if I could! When you see a line out the door, you know why! I loveeeee their breakfast and po-boys! Drooling just thinking about it.Down in New Orleans for Jazzfest and needed a quick breakfast before heading out. Johnny Po-Boys is definitely the place to go. Where else can you get a huge breakfast plate or classic Po-Boys that early in the morning. Portions are HUGE - you can't finish one by yourself. Wish we found the place sooner so we could have come here more than once. Bread is fresh - they actually made a second delivery while we were there. Something about that bread that makes everything taste better. I literally had the best toast there of my life - does that sound weird? I mean its hard to ruin eggs, but when you have great toast - I'm a fan for life.As expected based on other reviews, the small dining hall was quite busy. We had the shrimp po boy as well as the shrimp gumbo and a crab cake po boy. I ordered my po boy "dressed," however, I was served a dry shrimp po boy. The sandwich was dry and bland, I wouldn't recommend it. The gumbo was very salty. The crabcake po boy was pretty tasty. However, the tiny dining hall was repeatedly an issue with people constantly running into my stool and circling like vultures waiting for my seat. I have to think there are better sandwich options than this but if it's all you have, don't get the shrimp po boy and get your food to go.I got the Johnny's Special and it was amazing. If a place is named Johnny's, and there is a menu item denoting the namesake's special- you have to get it! Long wait though. Took about 1-hour.First place we went to when we got to NO, and the food was wonderful. I got a shrimp Po-Boy... my sweetie got the Fried Shrimp plate. What we got were almost identical except hers was 'open faced'... the shrimp being served on top of a roll with the salad on the side, and mine served in the roll. I also got a bowl of gumbo. This stuff was amazingly flavorful! The only reason I don't rate these guys higher is this: we specifically asked for iced tea. We were charge $1.75 each for our tea. My sweetie got hers, and when I went to get mine, the urn was out. So I asked for more tea and was told 'I'm sorry sweetie, that's all there is for the day.' WTF??? I was a grumbly bastage for the rest of the meal, and refused to go back to this place again.I wanted to like this place. But it was very disappointing. The prices were good for the French Quarter. 
My biggest complaint:
I actually had a baby COCKROACH crawl out from behind their Coca-Cola cooler and crawl near my plate which was sitting on the high bar stool bar. GROSS!! I will be calling the Health and Inspection department down there to complain. 
As far as the food, I ordered a pork chop po-boy. Bread was excellent BUT THEY LEFT THE BONE IN THE PORK CHOPS. I about broke a tooth biting into it.Yeah yeah yeah, you're a po-boy expert with a 10-item checklist of what makes a good one in your eyes, who will leave a 2 star review for the slightest error in texture, etc. 
Here's the deal - this place always tastes like home. The line is going to be there. It's gonna be crowded. There will be tourists at the counter who don't have cash (it's cash only) or who will stare at the menu forever, then order a chicken parm po-boy that will have the cooks shaking their heads. 
Just chill out. Order a surf n turf, a beer, and a Barqs (better in a bottle), find some space to sit down, ignore the people bumping into you and the loud Yankees talking about how much booze they drank the night prior, and enjoy a damn good sandwich.I heard this is the best place for poboys in NOLA. It didn't disappoint. I got the roast beef poboy. It was warm roast beef in a thick and tasty sauce. I highly recommend Johnnys and the roast beef.Since my family and I came all the way from California, we decided to see what all the hype was about.  We heard about Johnny's Po-Boys from various locals and even the travel book we were using recommended the place.  When we got to Johnny's, there was a line...a huge line, but the wait wasn't that bad.
We ordered the crawfish po-boy, the shrimp po-boy and the oyster po-boy.  We loved that the bread was soft and the seafood was abundant.  Our favorite was the shrimp po-boy!  The shrimp was fried nicely and was succulent.  Love love love!
The only complaint we had were about the prices...definitely a little on the pricey side but overall okay because the po-boys were good!My wife and I both had sausage po boys, they were so good that even though we weren't hungry anymore we went and bought a couple of more.  I wouldn't pay much attention to the people who gave it low ratings, (unless they live in Louisiana anyway), personally I can't wait to go back!Order the Fried Seafood Muffaletta and it will be the most amazing food you have ever tried.
It's cheap and huge in size.
I don't recommend getting a half muffaletta and finish it by yourself, because it is gigantic. You should definitely save some space in your stomach for other great food in Nawlins. So, remember to go with a friend and split the half muffaletta.
Well, I ate the whole thing myself so I was too full to try other stuff afterwards. There's the end of my review. Period. I will definitely go back one day!No frills whatsoever, but that's what makes it delicious. I liked how they used fresh crusty baguette for their po-boys. I wish they would have offered a half sandwich option (they only do for 2 sandwiches and they come as a combo deal). Fantastic to soak up all of the booze that will inevitably happen in the French Quarter.
Cash only!The breakfast at this place is phenomenal.  They serve the best biscuits I've ever had.  The country-style hashbrowns are crispy on the outside and creamy on the inside.  And their breakfast is half the price of any other restaurant we saw in the French Quarter.  It was phenomenal.Solid po-boys but I'm not understanding all the hype.  My friend recommended Johnny's since she's from NOLA so I had high expectations.  Since its cash-only, I was forced to get the cheaper shrimp po-boy option rather than the oyster po-boy I had my eye on initially.  The po-boy was definitely good, shrimp fried perfectly, but overall it was that special.  It was basic and a sandwich I could have gotten in LA or made at home.  Definitely not special enough to come during the lunch hour where massive customers are packed like sardines inside the restaurant.Solid spot that our group went to after a big night in the French Quarter. Pretty good service as well and our food came out relatively quickly. They didn't have that long of a line when we were there, so getting served wasn't too bad. Lots of families there and they probably didn't appreciate our stories from the previous night's activities.
But none the less, a good spot and a place I would recommend for a quick lunch or breakfast.
Went with the eggs, bacon and potatoes. A few other guys went for lunch time fair and they enjoyed their meals as well.Johnny's food is excellent just remember to bring cash no credit cards are accepted. The portion sizes are huge. The wait is long on Fridays but well worth it. Tip have one person to place the order while the other person looks for a table.Country fried steak po-boy, way cool!
Great country fried steak; looked like 3 pieces on each sandwich I got. I appreciate so much that the tomato and lettuce was dried and didn't make my bread soggy at all. It was perfect even the next morning as a leftover. 
I really wish I could have had half an order. They do offer this option, but it looked like you could only do that with a handful (~6 or so) of their 40 or so sandwich options. 
My vegetarian friend appreciated that she could get an omelette po boy/cheese po boy/veggie po boy (olive salad, lettuce, tomato, cheese).
Very crowded and only takes cash. Good fries.Yuck! This is not a good Po' Boy joint. 
At the time, we were looking for a new Po'boy place to try that was either within a couple of miles of where we were staying (intersection of Carondolet and Poydras) or one that we could walk to. So, since NOLA was in the midst of Tropical Storm Lee, we decided to drive since the rain was coming and going all weekend. Once we found some place to park (which was dicey) we walked into the place and it was fairly crowded for 3:00pm on a Saturday. The place is not laid out well at all. You walk in the double-doors and almost immediately you stumble into tables where people are eating. Not cool if you're the one sitting near the door. Drunks walk in and out of this place constantly b/c they've got the munchies. 
Anyways, once we figured out where to stand (as there is no order to this place), we ordered a dressed (~$0.95) Roast Beef Po'Boy ($9.50), a dressed ($0.95) Fried Shrimp Po'Boy (~$10.50 / market price), a bowl of red beans and rice ($4.25), and 2 bottled beers ($3.95 * 2). No draft beer available and cash only (argg!). 
First of all, I'm not a fan of being nickeled and dimed. Just up the price of everything on the menu by a dime and let people get their food dressed or not without charging them. Lame pricing scheme. The sandwich is huge, and if I could do it over there again (besides not actually going there), I would just get a half sandwich. The roast beef was dry, and there was something about their mayo that just did not gel well with this sandwich. Not to mention the fact that there was a fair amount of fat in the roast beef and it wasn't very flavorful. You've got to marinate roast beef if it's going to be tasty. So, dressed roast beef po'boy was not good at all. 
My wife got the fried shrimp po'boy, which comparatively was much better. We each took a half of each others sandwich so we could try both types. The french bread that it came on was so much bigger then the shrimp that it dwarfed them and made it seem like there wasn't even much shrimp in there. You also needed to add some hot sauce on there to give it some flavor, but again that comes back to making a proper batter to fry the shrimp in. Now, the saving grace from the meal, if you could even call it that, was the red beans and rice. Now, that was excellent! It was spicy without being overly spicy or overly soupy. But, as per my Port of Call review, it's sad when the side is better then the main course. 
Oh...and the bathroom there was absolutely filthy along with the restaurant as a whole. I had to wipe down my own table and then turn my chair onto it's side to get the lettuce off of it. This place is bad and I wouldn't recommend you take your worst enemy there... or should you?The food was really good, and the place itself very lively! I have one problem though, and that is that the men up at the front desk started singing the Adams family song as I walked by and laughing at me!! I was very upset because they should at least wait till I have left. Other than that the foods okayI gotta say, I don't know what all the fuss is about. I ordered a seafood muffaletta and my fella ordered a roast beef poboy. 
The seafood was batter dipped, not cornmeal, which is a huge minus, in my opinion. Let's just say, if you like the taste of KFC's extra crispy batter, you will love this. I don't and so I didn't. When I have seafood, I want to taste the seafood, not a bunch of batter.  The shrimp seemed overly chewy too. My guy thought his sandwich was just okay.  When we ordered, we had planned to take half of the huge sandwiches home to eat later, but they were so very average that we ended up tossing out more than half. 
Maybe we're spoiled by all the great food in NOLA, but this was just not up to the reviews we read by other posters here.
On the plus side, the atmosphere is great and the service was efficient and pleasant.
I don't really like giving negative reviews, but in this case, I think that others should be aware and keep their expectations moderate.My soft shell crab po-boy was one of the worst I've had and he most expensive.  For the poboy and a drink our total came to $18!  This place may be worth it for the other po-boys (which are in the $7-10 range) but I probably won't ever return.So disappointed huge sandwiches sloppily made on stale bread.  Not good.  Was recommended by the carriage ride drivers but don't waste your moneyGrabbed an oyster po-boy for lunch on my last day before heading to the airport. A little spendy for a sandwich but was delicious!You CANNOT go to New Orelans without having a po' boy from Johnny's.  The line is long and the seating is limited but let me tell you IT IS WORTH THE WAIT.  Be sure to have cash and DON'T be on your cell phone while ordering! 
Get a hot roast beef po' boy dressed and a cup of the seafood gumbo.  By the way, unless you haven't eaten in 3 days or have someone to share with, order a HALF po' boy because the po' boys are HUGE!!!
This restaurant has been a fixture in New Orleans for over 50 years! It is definitely the "hole in the wall" po' boy shop that will NOT disappoint!-Bring cash, although they do have an ATM available in the back of the restaurant.
-Get there early to avoid the huge lunch rush. There is also a seating area in the back if the front of the restaurant is crowded.
-They also close early, so try to make it over for lunch instead of dinner.
With that being said this is a no frills kind of po-boy shop. I had the special of the day which was 1/2 a soft shell crab po-boy with a side of gumbo. It was delicious topped with lettuce, tomato, and of course I had to add a couple splashes of Louisiana hot sauce! They had so many options of po-boys from the more tame options like chicken tenders all the way up to more adventurous Gator po-boys.Not a fan. Recommend by my dear husband. 
Daughter ordered the shrimp po boy. She was not happy. Skin still on it and dirty. 
Ordered grill cheese. Way too much butter. It was all I tasted. The fries had way too much seasoning - maybe to cover up the grease...It was a rainy day and I got the gumbo and french bread.  The gumbo was super salty and the french bread was way to buttery.  It was affordable, but I definitely would not order this again.Not memorable. Oyster poboy had no flavor!! I only had one chance for a po-boy while we were there and I'm bummed it was here.Meh, not the best. Had the BBQ beef (maybe that's why?) And it was also like a 30 minute wait to get the food.I was really disappointed in Johnny's. I had a long list of recommended places to eat and this was not on it, but it was recommended by some locals and we decided to give it a try. The wait to order was no more than 10 minutes and we got the food in 20. I ordered the fried catfish poboy, sweet potato fries, and jambalaya. The catfish was delicious on its own- which is exactly how I ate it; the rest of the sandwich: bread, mayo, lettuce and tomato- booooring. Could hardly taste the fish in the sandwich so I decided to eat it separately with hot sauce on the table. The fries were not really crispy and seasoned with cinnamon and sugar. The jambalaya was extremely dry and I swear I could get better out of a box. Unfortunately, this was the most disappointing meal we had in NOLA.This is a casual counter-service restaurant in the French Quarter. Nothing fancy, but lots of options for different po-boys and other New Orleans options. Line was long when I was there but service was quick and friendly. Noisy place but that was expected. If looking for a solid option for casual food this is a good call.A must visit any time I am in NOLA. Always great food and service. Portion size is perfect to fill you up and keep you going all day long. Breakfast to lunch to dinner we always enjoy a good meal from this little jewel!Having never had a po boy, I was told this was the place to go.  We stopped by on a Sunday at about 11:30 am and the line was already out the door.  It took about 15 minutes to order and then about 25-30 minutes to get our food.
The main dining area is extremely small, making it hard to get drinks or get to the counter.  There is additional seating upstairs and in the back of the building, but we didn't check it out since we got our food to go.  
I got the shrimp po boy and I enjoyed it.  The bread was really good.  I didn't care for the gumbo, though.  The taste was off and I definitely wouldn't order it again.
My biggest complaint about the restaurant is that it lacked organization.  I ordered the combo to go (1/2 sandwich and gumbo)  and many people after me (over 15 orders) received their food before I did.  It's like they lost my order.  I expected to wait, but it was pretty excessive.
Overall, I don't think I'll go back.  There are just  too many other places to try.1/2 shrimp, 1/2 oyster.. Do it!
Coming here for lunch with the girls to try my first Po Boy was so worth it! Wouldn't get it anywhere else in NOLA. My fried shrimp and oyster sandwich was delicious! And at less than $15 for a full Po Boy and drink? What a deal! They also offer sweet potato fries which were pretty basic but came at a large helping that could feed at least 3-4 people.
Although this spot is pretty small, there are seats inside.. but if you'd much rather enjoy a lunch without the hustle and bustle of numbers being yelled out as you eat, I'd suggest walking over a block and a half to sit/eat by the Mississippi River. It's beautiful!
P.S. Don't come here if you're starving and ready to pass out, 'cause you'll most likely be waiting on a line for 10-15 minutes to wait another 5 minutes for your order to be prepared.Pretty good...nothing spectacular. I've had better at Lucy's in Austin where the ingredients are of better quality I guess.
One thing is for sure- if you are squeamish or expect clean places you should go elsewhere...I've eaten at taco trucks in Mexico that were straight up scary but this place is FUNKY.Great spot a local told me about. Says they have the best Po Boys in town so I had to try it! I had gotten the soft shell crab Po boy because let's face it, back in Tulsa Oklahoma I'm not getting fresh crab. Great flavor to the Po Boy and crab however it needed another crab and some sauce or something. Little too much bread but maybe with a little mayo it would have been perfect. I got an order of fries which were nice and crispy. It was my last meal of my stay but I'd like to come back to this place and try the shrimp po boy! Prices were reasonable and I would say it may be the best but I haven't had enough to say so for myself. Perhaps you will decide for us all! Great service and friendly staff 3 stars baby!Ehhh, don't believe the hype. Not quite sure why theres a line formed for this place. Waited,what seemed like forever. Shrimp Poboy was fishy...There's so many other places in New Orleans to get a Poboy. BlehDefinitely part of the New Orleans experience. Muffaletta sandwich was giant, flavorful, but tart and not balanced. Décor is bare-bones tired and shabby and crowded, and the place was hygeinic but not clean, but that's ok for a sandwich joint.Had my first po-boy at Johnnys. The place was recommend by a tour guide and yelp had decent reviews. Johnnys offers a wide selection of po boys. I got half shrimp half fish. It was ok. Bread did seem a little stale but maybe that's how it's supposed to be. Seafood didn't have much seasoning but that was cured by adding some Crystal hot sauce.   Had another po boy that same evening at Felixs and it surprising blew away the Johnnys po boy.I was so excited to try a po boy while visiting new orleans and we decided to come to Johnny's since we had heard about from a few people, we were in the area, and the line was out the door (therefor it must be good, right??). We could see that the sandwiches looked huge so my boyfriend and i decided to split one fried shrimp po boy and a side of fries which all together was about $17. It came with mayo, like two small slices of tomato and lettuce, but the sandwich was pretty dry. About halfway through eating the sandwich, my boyfriend noticed and pointed out that the shrimp was not de-vained, or "de-turded" as he liked to call it. Nearly every piece of shrimp had a disgusting black digestive gunk hidden under the fried breading. I'm no shrimp expert, but for a popular overpriced sandwich, that seems a bit unacceptable. We hardly ate the rest of it and left. It was kind of a bummer since we were so excited for this nola staple food item!Very good poboy restaurant. I had the alligator sausage and it was very good. Would recommend this place for a lunch spot while in N.O.Here from a recommendation from my cousin!  Had the breakfast special, alligator sausage, shrimp and grits, hush puppies and 2 eggs of medium.  Excellent!  Tried my sister's oyster po-boy and crawfish platter, also excellent!  Sandwiches are huge and meals are filling!I heard such great things about Johnny's, but for me I was not impressed. Their cash register receipt says, "Even Our Failures Are Edible!". I can totally agree with that, because I ate one of their failures.
First let me tell you that they are a cash only business. If you're like me and don't carry cash, they do have an ATM machine on site. I didn't use it, so I cannot tell you the actual fee that they charge. Lucky for me, I just happened to have enough dollars in my pocket to cover my Po-Boy. 
Also, don't just look at the menu posted up and behind the counter. On the meat case, they had a small combo special posted which was a better deal then my sandwich by itself. I wish I would have noticed it before I ordered. If I had, I could have enjoyed 1/2 of a sandwich, a cup of gumbo and a refillable soda. That would have been a good deal. 
I had a Shrimp Po-Boy Dressed. I enjoyed the shrimp, but the rest of the Po-Boy was a disappointment. The bread, was crusty and kind of dried out. I don't want to use the word stale, but it definitely was not made that day. The bread at Subway or Jimmy John's is better quality then the bread here. Also, I was expecting a little more when I ordered mine dressed. But, for an additional 60 cents, I guess I got what I paid for; iceberg lettuce and an almost ripe tomato. 
However, the shrimp was fried and seasoned well. I opened up my sandwich and picked them out and enjoyed the shrimp by themselves. The portion was plentiful, they did not skimp on the amount that they served. 
Service was nothing special. It was what you'd expect of a semi-high volume tourist attraction cafe. Ambiance is kinda divey which adds to its' charm. Would I return? Most likely not, I've gotten better Po-Boy's in STL at a restaurant that has seafood flown in daily and makes their bread fresh daily as well. 
When: August 27, 2016
Why: Wanted a true Po-BoyThe seafood muffaletta was absolutely to die for and plenty big to share with my wife.  Wish we'd gone here earlier in the week; cause then we'd have come back more than once.  The ice cream shop upstairs looked really old school in a cool way...Have to check it out next time!Our group of 8 popped in on Monday 27Feb2017.  Have heard about this place forever, but never had a chance to stop in.  The po-boys are huge and fantastic.  It's packed and crowded and chaotic during the Mardi Gras period but we still got in and out in 30 minutes!!  My gumbo was the best I have ever had in Louisiana !!I normally don't eat po'boys in Houston.  I guess I never found any that really did it for me.  But I tried Johnny's po'boys and it left me craving for some more.  I want to try some in Houston, but I'm just afraid to be disappointed.  
Anyways, I ordered a half shrimp po'boy and gumbo special at Johnny's.   Gumbo was one of the best I've had so far.  Nice, dirty and flavorful.  Add in some hot sauce and nothing beats it.  The shrimp were nice and plump and lightly fried to perfection.  I really loved the mayo that they used, allowing itself not to overpower the po'boy.  Great bread and adequate fixings inside, so it didn't just fall apart while you're eating it.  I also had a bite of the fried catfish po'boy, which made me regret not ordering it.  I'd definitely come back to Johnny's Po'boys if I was ever in NOLA again.We did not have a great experience here. Got the turkey club po boy but they didn't add the cheese, pickles, or bacon. When my mom took it up to the counter to ask for it, they cut her off and told her to sit down. They then ended up adding two pieces of cheese and one slice of bacon but before handing the po boy to her, they asked to see her receipt again. It was ok, but nothing worth going back for, especially for the price.Great place for true New Orleans food. The place was packed even after the lunch rush, but they have lots of choices, fried and grilled. They took a little long with our order, but the place was full and the wait was worth it. I didnt go to their restroom (I saw no sign so I'm assuming only thay they have one), and entering their premises was tricky, since there is no door handle and we had to guess where was the door (many others had the same problem). Overall, the food was great and I will return when I go back to NO!I had the half Po boy and seafood gumbo combo. I chose the crawfish, which ended up being fried, for my Po boy. It was delicious. The bread was fresh French bread, crusty on the outside and soft of the inside. I don't eat bread much anymore, so this is definitely the best I've had in a long time! The fried crawfish didn't have a ton of crawfish flavor and was a bit too breaded, but the texture and flavor were good for the most part. 
The seafood gumbo should've been called shrimp gumbo since there wasn't any seafood in it besides shrimp. It came with a small whole crab on top, but there wasn't any meat in the little crab. The okra pieces were very small, but the gumbo was quite tasty. 
The place was relatively busy on Ash Wednesday, but there was plenty of seating. You just have to grab a table when one becomes available, sit in the back, or be willing to share a table. I was by myself so I shared a table with another woman who was by herself for a bit. 
Although everything tasted very good, the food seemed to go through me quite quickly. I'm not sure if it was this particular meal or simply the fact that I had been eating a ton of rich food and drinking a lot of alcohol, but I'm sure this meal didn't help.This is a great place to come for a po'boy, and from what I've read, the only authentic place you'll find in the French Quarter. The staff are friendly and quick. You've got a million sandwich choices to choose from and the shrimp po'boy was nothing shy of perfect. The shrimp was seasoned absolutely perfect with just a hint of spice. The bread is crusty and fluffy. Be sure to have your sandwich dressed! My husband and I ordered one sandwich and they kindly cut it in half without us even asking them to do so. The sandwiches are huge and definitely great for sharing.3.5 stars? You people are nuts. These are incredible Po Boys. Perfect french bread and delicious fried catfish. All in a classic New Orleans deli atmosphere. What's not to like?I had the club po boy but it wasn't any better than any club sandwich I've had before. Not worth the $10 it cost.Po-boys are awesome here. No frills, not top quality, but just plain old good, classic, working-man stuff. 
Love it more than the top contenders for some reason. 
Recommended!Nothing special. The internet raves about this place having the best po boys but I found it to be average, perhaps slightly less than average. There will be long lines sometimes rounding the corner but you will be disappointed if you're expecting anything more than average.A carriage ride guide said to stop here and we believed him. He lied about how good it was. The one star comes from their gumbo which had nice sized shrimp but half of the cup was full of rice. Why yes I will have some gumbo with my rice. 
It was packed and we thought that was a good sign. Nope. CASH only! They apparently have not made it to this century. They are super slow to serve, and customer service is non existent.
The place is also teeny. They have a sign pointing up with a sign saying seating upstairs but they were using it as storage so people seemed to be sitting on laps. 
Now on to the food. Kids shared a fried shrimp plate for $14.95 at first glance I thought wow that is a lot of shrimp and yes it was a lot of shrimp that were rubbery, over cooked and many hard! 
Hubs and I each had the shrimp gumbo and shrimp po boy combo with a drink for $12.95. Same overlooked shrimp in bread that I  had to really chew on. My jaw is still sore as I write this. 
I really wanted to have an amazing review but please go else where for food in NOLA. If your restaurant name has part of a food as its name maybe you should make sure that food is actually great.You know you can trust Johnny's Po-Boys by looking at how many locals are eating there! At any given moment during lunch time, there will be a line, but it moves quickly. There are many different po-boys to choose from; we ended up deciding on the Johnny's Special and Muffuletta. Both were large and graciously sized and tasted very good (though my friend said the Muffuletta was a bit too salty for his taste).
If you are in town and are looking for a great casual and inexpensive ($7-$15) place for lunch, stop by Johnny's. (And if you do order Johnny's Special, which I recommend you do, be prepared for it to get messy.)Was told by several locals in the area to try Johnny's for the po'boy and was not disappointed.  Total local feel to the place.  Food is great and there is sooooo much of it.  Alligator sausage po'boy was had by the boyfriend and I had the muffaletta.  Everything was excellent.Overrated and overpriced.  12 bucks for a dressed roast beef po boy?  As sandwiches go, it's only fair to middling.  They really give you the bare minimum on the meat.  There are many places in the FQ that offer better or comparable quality for less.  (Off the top of my head, Quartermaster, Verti Marte, and Flanagan's are all better and cheaper.)
What's more, Johnny's observes that fine New Orleans tradition of having a bunch of employees standing around while one or two people do all the work.  (As an industry person it bugs the bejeezus out of me.)  Service is slow, disorganized, and discourteous.  
If you're in the area and you want a po boy, walk a couple of blocks over to Flanagan's; you'll get a better, meatier sandwich, and you can buy yourself a beer with the money you save....Food is OK place is dirty and not clean i ordered two chicken po boys it took them over 30 min to make itI ordered the half shrimp po boy and seafood gumbo for lunch. So yum! Service was quick and portions were filling. Great spot for a quick meal.We found out about this place recommended by a local.  And might I say, it was one of the best recommendations.  I had the shrimp po'boy and The One had the crab cake po'boy.  First off, the shrimp po'boy was seasoned well, fried to perfection, and assembled on a bed of heavenly bread.  What makes this po'boy easy to eat was the texture of the bread.  I'm sort of used to solid heavy crusted bread, but the bread they use (and I noticed it in other restaurants as well) is light.  The crab cake was perfectly seasoned.  We each ordered fries, The One ordered the regular fries, which come a little season and is good.  I had the sweet potato fries, which were yummmmmmmmy.  It was lightly seasoned with cinnamon and sugar.  I good combo for those sweet and salty taste buds.  When I go back to NOLA, I am definitely stopping by Johnny's.Gator po boy. Nuff said.  The sandwiches are pretty big.  Big enough that I split one with my 10 trips and felt satisfied.  However, if u r of the glutton persuasion it might be a better idea to get your own. :). Cash only and they are not for dinner.Surprisingly, out of the many places my husband and I visited during our NOLA vacation this was our least favorite, even though it was recommended by our hotel. My husband and I are thinking it must be an old staple that has lost its flair. It is not very expensive for a po'boy, true, but the shrimp in my po'boy was hard and over cooked. And for gods sake do not order the jambalaya here. It is rice with Ragu or some spaghetti sauce on it. The worst I've ever tasted, in or out of New Orleans. After a week of great dining my husband and I can't get over how disappointing this particular place was in light of all the other great restaurants in the French Quarter.Established in 1950, Johnny's is the oldest family owned po-boy restaurant in New Orleans.  With each bite, you'll be tasting some French Quarter history!  
Our food tour guide explained that Johnny's gets a lot of distasteful reviews because many people select the shrimp or oyster poboys while excluding the most popular which is the Roast Beef.  After trying it for myself, I was floored by that delicious gravy. 
For $12.18, you'll receive a Roast Beef Po Boy with tender roast beef, tomatoes, pickles, lettuce, johnny's sauce, and the best tasting gravy I've had in a long time. All of this is sandwiched in between a crunchy baguette.  The flaws? The proportions.  I felt for such a large sandwich, it needed to be offset or at least equalized with beef.  The bread should be softer as well.  Other than that, I enjoyed this MESSY sandwich and even licked the gravy drippings clean.
----
Conclusion: Johnny's withstood Hurricane Katrina and was THE first to reopen after that devastation.  This type of resilience, coupled with the distribution of awesome gravy makes me a fan!
Extra Notes:
-CASH ONLY
-Service is friendly, but they do rush you a bit
-This place gets packed/noisy; you'll find it difficult to grab a table. There's an upstairs section with seating too.
-Decor seems outdated and slightly dirty
-Wait can be long, order To-Go
-Restroom availableFirst things first, it is insanely small inside. Please, do not let that dissuade you from giving it a shot. Lines move quickly and even when it seems like there's no room to move, orders get pumped out faster than most places. And let's not kid ourselves, this is not some schmancy 5 star restaurant that is going to treat you like the king/queen you believe you are and bend over backwards to make your experience pleasant. No, you are there for the food and the food only, and trust me, that in itself is worthy of the highest of ratings.This was our first stop in New Orleans after checking into our hotel.  My fiancee had never been to New Orleans before so I figure Johnny's would be a great way to break her po-boy cherry.  Unfortunately, her first foray into the world of po-boys was a bit disappointing.  
We decided to split a soft-shelled crab po-boy so that we would not be too full by the time dinner rolled around.  As a whole, the meal had its plusses and minuses.
Plusses
* The soft-shelled crab po boy was very fresh.
* The portions were quite large, though the actual amount of crab wasn't anything special.
Minuses
* Ridiculously long wait, not only to order your food but also to actually get your food.
* Overpriced.  If $15 for a po-boy doesn't sound like an oxymoron, then I don't know what is.
* Not to sound too bougie, but I question how sanitary the food is there, judging by the way they handle everything with their bare hands.
It wasn't the worst meal in the world; just one that didn't live up to expectations.  Next time we're back in New Orleans, we may go for some more po-boys but we probably won't be getting them at Johnny's.I ordered the  1/2 shrimp po'boy, shrimp gumbo, and drink. I regret nothing. 
The po'boy was freaking on point! Granted I've only had one po'boy before this visit, I thought it was fantastic. I was practically the only patron at the time, and it took a while for my food to come out but for good reason. When I got my food, it was piping hot and fresh. There was a lot of shrimp in the sandwich, and I had one with every bite. The gumbo was fantastically flavorful and had a generous amount of shrimp in it as well. 
This place had a friendly staff, great food, and great location. Definitely coming back ned time I'm in town!I ordered Johnny's Special which is basically a roast beef po boy. The sandwich was average and the service was a little slow. Went here early in the day so we didn't wait in line. I don't think it's worth the wait that some people line up for.Yet another Over Hyped ( capital O and capital H).  The poboy is nothing that can justify even a 10min wait. The gumbo was just a spoon of gumbo in a cup of rice with 2 pieces of shrimp. Don't waste your valuable time waiting in line for a mediocre  bite at the best.Delicious!  I'm in town from Miami Beach and had a wonderful experience at Johnny's.  I had the roast beef po boy...yummy yummy to the tummy!  Food was fast and staff was friendly.   I heard it gets packed during lunch time.  I got their 15 mins before closing so the waiting time wasn't bad.AMAZING!!! had my first po boy in new orleans here...and i loved it! the soft shell crab po boy was delicious. i came back a second time during my visit and tried the alligator, but i wasn't such a fan of it. 
this place is a MUST if you're in the french quarter or any other part of new orleans!A few people recommended that I came here, but I thought this was just an average sandwich. I feel like it didn't wow me in any way. I did like how to sandwich was so big I could barely finish it.while I was in NOLA this was a good po boy...not sure about AMAZING but it was good...
I got the oyster/crawfish po boy!No po boys at 10am in the morning?! Sigh. 
We ended up with a muffaleta and a breakfast special: fried chicken on a biscuit topped with gravy. 
Central Grocery definitely has the muffaleta to beat. The one here is good but the olive salad is way too pungent. I think I stank up the whole Louis Armstrong Airport. 
The fried chicken on a biscuit is just so so. At $2.99, it's a deal but the chicken is a bit dry. It's also super heavy so don't expect to eat anything else for awhile. 
What can I say? No po boys kinda sucked.A classic po boy and gumbo. We went on a Thursday at 2pm so it wasn't busy. I had the shrimp and the oyster. I would say the oyster was better than the shrimp! Fried oyster has a nice creamy filling.Everyone there is so nice, we were astounded by how nice the employees were. And the food was amazing! They answered all our questions and the food came out so quickly. Love this place.FIRE. 
Ordered the shrimp/roast beef po-boy. 
Had eaten here before, forgot the name. Then asked a local jazz player for his favorite po-boy spot near Bourbon and he pointed us towards Johnny's so we hit it up for a second time and it was INCREDIBLE. (little pricey and cash only I think)Shrimp po boy, good taste for the shrimp.  I do question the extra $  for the lettuce, tomatoe and mayo? it would have been pretty lean without the fixin's. Busy busy place, hardly a place to sit and was not the cleanest place in town.  Breakfast menu displayed all over the place, but they do not serve except in the morning.  I would have liked to try the shrimp grits with our po boy.   i might come back if i was on the street and needed food.  There are po boys everywhere in town, bet i could find another place that did not charge for the extra's...The Johnny special is awesome. I highly recommend it. The sweet tea is great to wash it all downThis place is small and cozy. 
Chicken tender po boy was perfect but too big for just 1 person. I recommend a half po boy combo they have posted in front of the cashier. I dont generally like shellfish but their gumbo was really good. Good pricing tooOne of the first places my mom and I went to on our New Orleans trip, and it was a great decision!! It came highly recommended by the folks at the reception desk, and it was honestly one of the best sandwiches I've ever had!! The hot sauce was perfect on the sandwich, and the catfish was fresh and perfectly fried, not greasy at all. Definitely come here if you find yourself in the French quarter, so worth it!!This place was fantastic! My husband and I both got the shrimp po-boys. We got the 1/2 po boy and shrimp gumbo. It was outstanding!!!! We have been to Acme and Felix and enjoyed them both, but especially loved Johnny's. There were so many locals there. As I am writing this from my living room at home, I wish I had more of that gumbo! Go here!~This cash only restaurant in the French Quarter was very friendly, inviting, and exciting to visit. 
I liked that the food was ready quickly. I ordered the Catfish Po'Boy with Sweet potato fries. I have to say the fries were not that good. I actually was not going to eat them because they tasted strange, but once they cooled and I added salt, they tasted a little better and I ate a lot of them, but did not finish the order. 
On a positive note, I really did like the Catfish Po'Boy. The bread was tasty and I loved that it was with lettuce, tomato, and mayonnaise aka "dressed". The batter to the catfish was light and tasty and the size of the sandwich was very impressive. 
And to the last (and worst) negative- The place smelt like chemicals. That was really unappealing. It smelt like overpowering cleaning chemicals. I have to say, it looked pretty dirty in the back, so It kind of freaked me out that it smelt like that in such a pungent way.  Oh well, I ate my po'boy and I went on my merry way. It is the Deep South so these things shouldn't be overly surprising. Maybe one would think that this is charming.Not sure why we went here for breakfast instead of for a Po' boy...but what ever...anyways
Breakfast was pretty good.  Place seemed a bit dirty, but you know good food comes from little, hole in the wall places like that.  I had an egg and bacon sandwich.  Coffee was on the house! Thats right...free coffee! The hash browns were in fact little, flavorless, potato bites...not worth the buy.  
Service was good...menu was fine...overall just a very ok-average kinda place for me.Believe the Hype!  This place is magical!  Johnny's was next to our hotel but it is one of those places where the line is out the door and it closes at 3!   I waited until a few hours before our flight to order a po-boy for my boyfriend!  The sandwiches are HUGE!  They had over 30 different types of meats.  You can get fried oysters, shrimp, chicken or grilled chicken or bbq beef or even breakfast!  The bread was so good and the pickles.. oh man!  I got the grilled chicken and the seasoning of the chicken was so good so tasty.  My friends got the fried catfish and said the sauce used was so good.  She said it was like a tarter sauce but almost like a mayo!    Be prepared to wait and have cash because your credit is not good!  the girl who was behind the counter was so sweet!  this is a NOLA staple and I will come back to enjoy a po-boy!my friend and I got the soft shelled crab po-boy. We were so-so. Haha, I was just a bit upset that, as I was eating it, I couldnt taste crab. I can just taste "fried."  I thought maybe I dont know what fried soft shelled crab tastes like (coming from someone who likes her crabs half cooked and eats 7lbs of crab a week back in the day). I was also a bit sad cause the crab pieces were all chopped up. In acme oyster, the piece was whole and it was bigger than the bread. 
However when I tried my friend's pouring-out-of-the-plate seafood platter, the catfish tasted like fish and the oyster tasted like oyster so sadly, I figure the crab flavor was lost somewhere in the frying. I did taste a lot of salt though. 
all in all: its good but not awesome. btw: when they say small, multiply the size by 1.5. new orleans has no sense of sizing!
Though if someone can do some homework for me, while i was in line, a tray of freshly baked biscuits passed by me. it was love at first sight. they were warm, buttery looking and so comforting to the eyes. A person ordered the biscuit with gravy smothered all over and some crisp fried somethings on top. my friend who I was splitting a meal with refused to let me order it. Someone has to try it for me. it looked so good ;_;