This place is super delicious, and chic. This is not your particular Mexican food, this restaurant give it a wonderful spin on the everyday Mexican cuisine.We had an overall PHENOMENAL experience dining at Johnny Sanchez in New Orleans!  From the moment we entered the restaurant, we felt both welcome and at ease.  Our server, Justin V. was pleasant, knowledgeable and attentive without being intrusive.  His recommendations were spot on.  We began our meal with the complimentary tortilla chips and plantains followed by the cauliflower taco.  They were amazing.  The salsa was perfectly seasoned and plentiful.  The beer and wine selections were sure to appeal to all diners.  My husband ordered the Caesar salad with shrimp and I had the Chili Releno.  Both of which were extremely flavorful and pleasing to the palate.  All I can say is that the entire experience was nothing short of perfect.  My only complaint is that my culinary idol, Aaron Sanchez (who owns the restaurant) wasn't there.  I had hoped that I would be able to get a photo and an autograph.  Do yourself a favor and run don't walk to this culinary masterpiece.Really wanted to like this place Bc of the good reviews I've heard previously. First, took 30 minutes to receive our drinks. Waiter never checked in on us. Then a whole hour to get our no more than average tasting food. We were a party of 9 celebrating a birthday-charged for the birthday dessert? Lol who does that?!  Then couldn't split the checks....will absolutely never come here again. Don't understand what the hype was about but I'll pass on this place.It doesn't have to be called Mexican. Yes, there are chips with salsa for starters (plantain as well as two different types of tortilla chips).  But we had the fish of the day which was likely one of the top best 10 meals I've had in my life (and I'm 60).  We went back for a repeat of the same meal again the following night.  Excellent.
Atmoshpere is for the young....a little bit loud, but not terrible (they do have some noise cancelling panels on the ceiling). Very chic and hip. Wait staff were all great. And the proprietor checked in on us.
House margaritas were a tad tart, but they offered to sweeten them a little for us.  
But again, I can't get over how good the catch of the day (wahoo) had been.Great experience. Food was amazing. I had crawfish enchiladas and it was stunning. Service might be able to pick up the pace, but I was very happy to be dining here.Great food and great service.  Our family of four shared two large plates consisting of carnitas and lightly fried shrimp with hand made street-size tortillas.   Very tasty and the garnishes that accompanied the meals were excellent, mostly blends of carrot and radish, pickled jalapeño, pineapple and tomato.  Side of black beans and rice were also good.  Went in with moderately high expectations and was not disappointed.Start with complimentary plantain chips next to a great red and green, smokey dippin salsa! The cocktails are great with "twists" on traditional ones - I had the Mexican Old Fashioned ( Bulleit Bourbon, xocolatl bitters and orange) aka "El Jefe"! Ensaldas included Bert and Chayote ( kin/ charred jalapeño vinaigrette/ pomegranate/cotija) and pickled onion/ chili peanut vinaigrette) and crispy brussles sprouts - yumm yumm. The chayote similar in crunch to a cucumber but with less flower taste. The winner winner chicken dinner was the wood fire grilled whole snapper (gotta see the pic!). The wood grill charred the skin to a great crispy, smokey flavor with a side of pickled covey rise veggie. Great location, incredible vibe and an awesome mural!Big fans of Aaron Sanchez on TV show Chopped, so definitely wanted to go here when in New Orleans.  It was a wonderful Mexican experience.  While the menu is not extensive, there is something for everyone.  Justin V. was an excellent food transport engineer (server) and enhanced our dining experience.  Was knowledgeable about beers and wines, as well as the menu options.  Cauliflower taco is outstanding and Caesar salad was very different but delicious.  My husband the Chili Releno, which was also outstanding.  We will definitely return when we come to New Orleans again!Wow. Not much menu and took 45 min to get our tacos. I mean come on they were tacos. Margaritas are not great either especially for $13. Feels like a tourist trap. Stay away.Best Mexican - besh is incredible! The brussel sprouts are the best I have ever had. So nice to have Mexican in NOLAI was skeptical going into the slightly empty Mexican restaurant since we were in New Orleans but the menu had some good options and I ended up loving what I ordered.  We had a bunch of appetizers including crispy brussels sprouts, shrimp and tomatillos, and the gulf snapper tiradito all of which were delicious.  I ordered the goat tacos with pickled cactus as my main entree and two tacos was completely filling because they are large tacos.  And they were so so so tasty.  This is a good spot if you are looking for a less crowded place to eat that can accommodate large groups of people.  The service was pretty slow though so keep that in mind if you are in a hurry.Four of us ate here on a Wednesday night. We were seated right away, as we had reservations. Our server was excellent. I'm sorry I didn't get her name. The food was so good. They give you salsa with plantain chips when you sit down. The salsa is really good, but I seriously enjoyed the plantain chips. We had the queso dip to start. 2 of us had the New York strip fajitas with some of the most delicious potatoes I have ever eaten. Very crisp on the outside, but creamy on the inside. Delicious. The steak was also very good and cooked perfectly to order. We also had the duck carnitas enchiladas and the wood-grilled snapper. Both of them were said to be very good. The dessert we had was amazing! It was some kind of chocolate cake with, I think, cream cheese ice cream. Our server recommended it, she was right on the money. It was a wonderful dining experience. I highly recommend!$2 taco happy hour - what's not to like !
Ordered one of each on the listing: meatball, pork, cauliflower, shrimp, and fried chicken.
Listed in descending order of enjoyment:
1) Spicy Meatball - well seasoned, evenly cooked
2) Cauliflower - interesting and creative, even to my meat-loving husband
3) Shrimp - well battered and not overcooked, crispy
4) Pork - good flavors, maybe just a bit on the dry side
5) Fried chicken - not enough chicken in the batter, and the batter itself was thickened with sauce that made the texture a bit more chewy and harder to eat. 
Beautiful mural artwork and good service !The atmosphere is great! It's pretty pricey considering the amount of food they serve. We ordered the carne Asada tacos and they were delicious but definitely not filling. The arroz con pollo had a great taste but the rice wasn't cooked all the wayCouldn't be happier to have this restaurant in t he CBD!  As soon as you walk in, you smell the delicious food - and the taste lives up to the smell.  Took the waiter's recommendation on tacos and they were delicious.  We had the Cabrito, Pork Belly, and Pescado tacos and all were really delicious.  We also ordered the guacamole and were encouraged to try the chapulines (grasshoppers) with it.  I was very skeptical, but it was a great choice.  Looking forward to going back to try more food!  Also, should be noted that the restaurant is beautiful - I love what they've done on the walls and even down to the plates that they serve food on.In new Orleans for the long weekend and sure let's try a restaurant a block from our hotel by two celebrity chefs.  Not a large place but we were just out of the car and we're there early for a Friday night so the seat was easy.  We had drinks and chips and salsa were provided.  Both were above average and very nice.  We ordered queso and it was not what we expected even though our waitress warned us.  It was cheese and meat and flavor and it was good enough to travel to eat.
My wife had the soft shell crab tacos and she loved them but thought there should have been a side.  I had the amberjack with an avocado pesto thing that was great.  
This place is something worth experiencing if you can.Would have liked to had the opportunity to enjoy the food and drinks here. Sadly, we took a Lyft from the opposite side of the city to go. Arrived at 9:13PM on Sunday night only to be turned away. They were scheduled to close at 10PM. We were told that they were closing early due to issues in the kitchen. People were in there, eating. No invite back and no apology.Customer service and atmosphere was wonderful! However, food was way overpriced for their quality. The food's okay. I've had better at cheaper restaurants.The cauliflower tacos are a must! Guacamole was very tasty as well. Great vibes from decor. Service was great. If your looking for something different from gumbo, this is your place. Yum!We had an excellent lunch here. The empanadas were my favorite appetizer during my trip to NOLA. The duck carnitas enchiladas were good, but was more of a cheese pot pie. Would go back and get the tacos instead. Great restaurant!We've been looking forward to trying out Johnny Sanchez since before we moved to New Orleans. I am a huge Aaron Sanchez fan and also have been dying to get to a John Besh restaurant (and since most of them are way out of my normal eating out price range..this one fit the bill, literally)
Finally gave it a go yesterday and went for happy hour (everyday from 3-6) knowing that the prices were a little high on the regular. 
We got the pitcher of margaritas for 17.50 which equaled about 6 margaritas..so even if there are just two of you, it's worth it (2 regular margaritas would be $18 total). The margs were strong and yummy. And we took our leftovers to-go (dontcha love New Orleans?!?!). 
Their chips and salsa are delish. I liked the green salsa and the boyfriend liked the smoke-ier red salsa. The chips were great bc their are some plantain chips mixed in. 
I have very high guacamole standards and theirs was pretty good but not my fave. 
I ordered the pescato tacos on the regular menu which were amazing. I'd definitely get them again. 
My boyfriend ordered the pork tacos and the chorizo tacos from the happy hour menu (both $5 each) and a side of the street corn (sooo yummy!) he was very happy with everything. 
We will definitely return..and keep coming to happy hour since that price fits our budget better.Super yummy food and great ambiance. A little pricey for one little taco but worth the experience. All the food is flavorful and happy hour has some great deals!The arroz con pollo is to die for.  Excellent margaritas as well.  Everything our party got they enjoyed - including the tacos and brussell sprout appetizer.  Highly Recommend.I went to this restaurant  to celebrate my nieces graduation from Tulane. My table shared many appetizers which were out of sight. The guacamole was delicious. I never ate chicken as moist as the wood-grilled chicken I ate here. The only negative was the corn-way-way too much. The desserts were wonderful. We shared a whole bunch. The atmosphere is lovely-the décor of the restaurant is very interesting. This is one Mexican restaurant so worth visiting many times.Mixed review on this one.  My food was not so great, it was sort of flavorless,  it the three people I was with really enjoyed their food.  The crawfish enchilada was the favorite of the four dishes we ordered.  Service was definitely lacking, but atmosphere was hip and cool.  Prices were pretty high too.  Not sure I would return...Decided to try this place out because of the Monthly culinary menu special. Made a booking using open table ( super easy) then arrived promptly at 5pm Saturday. We were seated almost immediately and to our disappointment they were not running the special on Saturday because it was "game" day. Was a bit bummed that there was no mention of that disclaimer anywhere. Anyway, we were there so decided to just order off the " game menu". 
I had the oyster taco and the cauliflower taco. My husband decided on the fish dish. We had a side of guacamole as well. The food arrived so quickly!! The ingredients tasted fresh and the food was so flavorsome! Being a South African - I am always on the search for bold and spicy flavors and this place hit the mark! 
We shared a dessert ( the strawberries and ice cream dessert with praline and angel cake I think) - it was delicious!
The food portions are smaller than what I've seen in New Orleans but a perfect size to not over eat. Myself and hubby enjoys smaller portions - so it was not an issue for us at all.I had heard many great things and one average review. We went today with group of six. None of us had been. Started with chips salsa guacamole and queso  fundido. The queso was more a gooey delight than a dip. Great!!!  Chips and salsa good. Guacamole was good. We had various tacos for entrees along with chicken enchiladas and tuna ceviche (had different name on menu but was basically ceviche). Huevo con chorizo tacos were awesome. Enchiladas fantastic. Mole was delicious.  Ceviche was a hit. We had various margaritas and Mexican egg nog special. All were tasty. Overall great experience!!!Had the most amazing cauliflower tacos !! We live in Mississippi but the next time we're in N.O. we will have them again.Excellent food, experience, and ambience! Recommend the queso, strawberry/vanilla margaritas, beef tacos, chicken enchiladas, salsa, and desserts. Everyone must dine at this place if visiting NOLA - food was phenomenal!We stumbled upon this gem while walking to our hotel.    The food was OUTSTANDING - dinner was a true delight with great flavors.    Our service was Erefaka and she was friendly, warm, hospitable, responsive, and provided great service.    I so highly recommend this restaurant to anyone wanting Mexican with a gourmet twist.Snapper Ceviche over priced at $16.. Seriously no more than 2oz of actual Snapper. House margarita good, not too acidic, just right.The food is good but they clearly went up on the prices for their lunch menu.  I had an iced tea, split an order of guac, and had one order of tacos and my share of the bill was $23.00 with tax and tip.  WTF???This is an amazing restaurant!!!!! Our waiter William B was amazing as well! Gave us "out of towners" the best recommendations! He was friendly and totally understood us! This place is out of this world! I've been to top chefs restaurants all over! This blew Chef Gordon Ramsay's in ac out of the park! By far the best flavors I have ever tasted! The drinks were top liquor. Truly amazing that this restaurant was outstanding! And I'm from NYC! Aaron u gained so much more respect! Also the decor was awesome the hostess even said Aaron comes to visit often, and he is so nice! I love u Chef Aaron and keep making the World more flavorful! ps your grandmas meatballs were so amazing. I give her credit as well! Xoxoxoxo from nyc!I am not a fan of corn tortillas but I love the Des Allemends fried catfish taco. The taco is amazing the tartar and guacamole are fresh and flavorful. The spicy chicken is nice I wish the chef would add an amazing sauce to compliment the flavors. I cam for happy hour and did not want to leave. If you like a strong margarita come here.Sub par.  Restaurant was nearly empty on a Saturday night.  Had such great hopes for the place.  Chips and salsa were awesome.  Shrimp tacos were awful.  Whole fish (snapper) was slightly overcooked and wildly over salted, as were the side vegetables.  We waited a good long time to go, hoping they would work out the kinks by the time we got there.  Not sure what they're working out, but the kinks have a long way to go.  So disappointed.  We had truly hoped for a winner with this Besh property.  Not to be.Johnny Sanchez! I like it! This place is a different take on the type of Mexican food we are used to around here, and I mean that in a good way. It is very forward thinking and yet has its roots in authentic Mexican food all the way from the beef tongue taco to the bugs in your queso. Excuse me? Say that again? Did I stutter? Bugs! Okay okay, I know I just scared a lot of people off, but it isn't all tongue and bugs, I promise.  
Right of the bat this place gets massive points for serving fried plantain chips along with its salsa (all free! salsa dance!).  I usually ask for just a basket of plantains, I don't even need the regular chips. Now when I ask for this I do it in the fattest voice possible, but the waiter still smiles and comes though! Their Verde is the best I have ever had. For real, I could come here and get plantains, verde, and a margarita and be set!  I am sure the wait staff would hate me but oh well!
The tacos range in variety from the mentions tongue to pork belly, to shrimp, to in a veggie option. The Shrimp is the stand out for me. They have a citrus grilled shrimp salad that is amazing. I am not a fan of cilantro (it taste like soup guys! is it genetic? who knows) so I get it with the lime vinaigrette and it is one of the best salads I have ever had. They have plenty of sides that includes street corn. Listen to me, go for the street corn, just do it already!
Okay so I guess I better talk about the bugs. So apparently it is very authentic to have crickets on your guacamole. It is an add on. I tried it (YOLO), it isn't for me. Last time I had a bug in my food I called the health department so the fact you have to pay to add bugs to your food at this place almost made me take off a star. ALMOST. 
The star is made up for by the fact that they offer a great happy hour with 5$ tacos and a well priced pitcher of margarita that makes me very happy (it is a good one, freshly made, no pre-made mix, get that crap out of here!)
Lastly, this place has the best queso ever. It is not a liquid sauce, but more like a cheese bake with chorizo in it that you eat with fresh tortillas. It is so savory. It is unmatched. 
The Good:
Atmosphere
Great authentic dishes
Happy Hour
Verde
Queso (it is not your mama's queso! and if it is, invite me over)
The Bad:
I will say that I have been here enough to know that sometimes they can be inconsistent. One time the corn was not nearly as good. One time my tacos were cold. It is rare but hey it happened so I am telling you about it. 
The Ugly:
Look if you offer me bugs to add to my food and then ask me to pay for those bugs, don't expect me to like it. It's bugs.This place is amazing! The service was top notch and the food was epic! Our server made sure we had everything we needed before she left the table. Her attention to detail and recommendation of dishes she enjoys eating, were spot on. The chef was kind enough to come out and greet the table when our meal was done. I would give this place 10 stars if I could. Next time your in NOLA stop by Johnny Sanchez and ask for Bethany (B), she will make sure you have an amazing time and guarantee an unforgettable memory.I've been here twice and absolutely love it!!! They have a great happy hour deal with tacos and drinks. The food is out of this world with flavor and super colorful. It's very nice on the inside and so much artwork to gaze at. The service is wonderful and I plan to attend many more times to come!!I love the local Besh restaurants. I like Aarón Sanchez on TV. I love Mexican food. Mix all three together and apparently you get meh.  (Should be a 2.5 star rating)
Drinks: Mango jalapeño margarita ($12). It was pretty great. 
Appetizer: shrimp ceviche ($8). I love ceviche. This ceviche was more sweet than tangy. I prefer it more lime-y. 
Chip and salsa: free! Already a great start. Red salsa- sweet. Too sweet. Not a bit spicy. Green salsa- good. Big on garlic. Not spicy. However, the chips seemed a bit stale to me... Chewy chips equal bad. 
Entree: carne asada tacos ($8). The taco filling was great, but came in default flour tortillas. My fault- I should've asked for corn- the flour tort seemed a tiny bit undercooked too me. 
Side dish: charro beans ($4). Their version of charro beans are not my version of charro beans. I'm used to more of a brothy type- this was more of a chilly type. But they were good. 
Desert: taco choco. For a $9 desert- they class it up (should read klass it up) by bringing it in the pre-packaged plastic wrapping. Luckily you get to open the plastic wrapping on your own to unlock a mediocre desert. Epic ending to a $50 ppa.
Forgot one last part- sat at the bar bartender was nice, informative, and overall pretty great. Service was on point.The atmosphere and vibe of this place screams fun and laid back. Great art and lighting. 
The food. Our table ordered almost everything on the menu. It was all excellent. 
Lengua taco, carne asada taco, guacamole, queso, empanadas, ceviche, quesadilla with shrimp. Everything was soooo yum. The dipping sauce for the empanadas and the crispy cheese on the quesadilla were some of my favorite parts. The freshness and flavor profile in the ceviche is what dreams are made of. Oh and even the salsa is amazing.I went here as my wife and I are huge fans of Aaron Sanchez and John Besh and I was not disappointed.  I went twice in a week.  Once for dinner and once for lunch. 
For dinner I had the Crispy Pig Ears small plate and the Louisiana Crawfish Enchiladas and they were both delicious.  The pig ears came out in a small skillet with a fried egg on top and a tangy salsa underneath.  They stayed crispy throughout and the flavor was enhanced by cilantro perfectly.  This may not be everyone's cup of tea, but be adventurous and give it a try.  You will not be disappointed.
Now for the main course, the enchiladas.  Roasted corn, salsa macha which I believe is the pickled jalapeño and small red peppers with a mix of herbs, the avocado also baked into the mix was outstanding.  The flavors that were achieved were perfectly balanced and the melted cheese on top that crisped around the edges, ah, who could ask for anything more.  
For lunch I had Aaron's grandmothers Albondinga Tortas.  It was the Thursday Express menu special that came with your choice of soup or green salad and I went with the chicken tortilla soup. 
The soup was not thick like I'm used to with most places where I've had it, but I would not have it any other way.  The pieces of avocado were also a nice addition.  The albondiga torta came out and the torta bread was smoking hot and beautifully toasted which added to the flavor of the whole sandwich.  The meatballs (albondigas) were tender and moist, but held together nicely.  All the other sauces and herbs blended for a perfect bite.  Needless to say I enjoyed the food, but I also enjoyed the ambiance especially the huge mural on the wall which showcased a blend of Aaron's tattoos and some other images to represent John Besh, which I learned from the excellent staff.  
Everything blended together for a perfect experience and I recommend trying it out.We came here for lunch on a Friday. My husband and I both had a margarita, these were pretty good. We ordered the queso dip for our app, I didn't want to stop eating it. Then we had the crawfish enchiladas, carne asada taco, and albondigas taco. All very good and would order again.I thoroughly enjoyed this place. It's different from your typical Mexican restaurant,  a bit pretentious. 
I ordered the chicken flautas, rice and beans. 
The flautas were very good! The rice was   green but it was good. I think I'd prefer really good authentic Mexican rice, the beans were good too. 
It was way over priced!
Oh, I ordered a fancy lemonade , can't remember the name but it was alright. I just ended up drinking my water.
Food was good but prices need to be rethought.4 solid stars.  This place sits squarely with 4 stars IMO.  Great food, tasty margaritas and a banging Besh happy hour deal for tacos and margaritas.  We have been here a handful of times and it's never a disappointment.  The chorizo tacos are the bomb.  I just wish they would play something other than NBA in the bar!  HaOrdered off of Uber Eats, as I was having a hankering for chips and salsa, and their red sauce looked legit.
HOWEVER, it was the cauliflower taco that caught me completely off guard. 
I know, I know! You're like, what compelled you to get a taco with cauliflower on it, and I don't know, but I'm very happy I did.
It was outstanding! 
The Mexican Street Corn is also very good. Sweet, nice flavors...Nothing bad on the menu!!  I've been here a number of times, and haven't found a bad dish yet.  Definitely recommend happy-hour tacos or taco-Tuesday.  The Albondigas tacos are delicious and something I've never seen at any other Mexican style restaurant.We went for dinner on a Saturday night early before a show and the restaurant was just starting to fill up. Service was really good, fast and friendly. We had the sopes (needed some seasoning), the ceviche (overly spicy), the goat tacos (I heard these were great), the snapper tacos (reported as pretty good) and the pork belly tacos (good but again needed salt).  The menu was hard to choose from as so much sounded really tasty.
We all really enjoyed the chip assortment and both the green and red salsas. 
I didn't see much influence from Besh here, honestly. We had a great time though, and the prices are exceptional for what you get. 
At this point I think the place has a cool atmosphere and is worth checking out again for a casual night out. It wasn't my favorite restaurant, but it has made a good start and I'm sure will be tweaked and improved by my second visit, which I will definitely make. I'll be trying different menu items next time though. Interested in the rice, street corn, masa dessert and skirt steak.Thank goodness for this place.  I love Mexican food and was getting tired of eating all that fried stuff in the South.  Our last day, we found this place and I was in heaven.  The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is because there should have been beans and rice along with the taco's.  At least the chips and salsa was free and very tasty.Had a lot of great Mexican food in my life.  This was a big disappointment.
Service was outstanding.  Atmosphere was nice too.  Food was lukewarm and bland.Johnny Sanchez is an upscale, beautifully-decorated, contemporary Mexican restaurant. Service was good, and the food was terrific! I ordered the Breakfast Nachos, which was flavorful and big. There is a nice selection of draft and bottled beers. I ordered Pacifico (draft). I would recommend this place and return. RJTCame here because of the reviews and it has not disappointed. Drinks a little pricy at $12 but they were good. Guacamole was very good and I liked that they added. Everyone enjoyed their dinner from shrimp to carne Asada tacos. It's a good place to come to when you get tired a Cajun food.I can't say enough about how much we enjoyed this restaurant. Great atmosphere and service.  The food doesn't just look good, but everything has so much flavor.Johnny Sanchez had a pretty good happy hour: a selection of their tacos for $2, half off wine by the glass, well mixed drinks, beers and their signature margaritas. 
The chicken tacos is AMAZING. I'd give it 5 stars on its own. The catfish taco was like a 4.75 star. Also tried their Mexican street corn which as ridiculously good. I loved it on the baked plantains they serve with their chips and salsa.
The atmosphere of the restaurant was fun and vibrant and the wait staff was friendly and had our food/drinks up pretty quickly. Definitely recommending this place to anyone visiting the area.Loved this place!  While a pitcher of house margaritas was a bit pricey they were really good. The food was moderately priced and tasted fantastic. We had the brussel sprout appetizer (sooo good), the carnitas street tacos, the pulled goat tacos and the beef tongue tacos. I've never had beef tongue before and I'm now a fan. The goat was great too albeit not a new experience for me. I highly recommend this place. TIP: go between 3-6 for the 1/2 price pitchers of margaritas and a selection of $5 street tacos (the beef tongue included)...oh and tacos come 2 to an order!I called to ask if we needed a reservation for lunch on a Tuesday and it was recommended that we do, but not necessary. We did just in case but there were plenty of tables available when we got there at 1:30pm (we were lucky to find a meter parking spot right in front of the restaurant $3 for two hours). Just being my wife and I we were sat at the only two tops tables in the restaurant (in the bar area which is no big deal but there is a wall that almost closes you off from the rest of the dining area... Not a big deal the bartender that served us was excellent). 
We were brought chips and salsa (both red and green which were both tasty but very mild in spiciness). I had a Mexican coke and my wife had the Florecita cocktail which was one of the best gin cocktails we have ever had. For starters we had the crispy Brussel sprouts salad (probably our favorite item we had and one the most popular on the menu) and the tuna agua chile appetizer (which we thought lacked a little flavor and overall tuna in the dish but had a nice kick with the jalapenos).
We tried three different tacos (they come in pairs of two and cost anywhere from $8-12). We had the carne asada tacos (probably our favorite... Note that if you don't tell them you want corn tortillas it comes standard with flour). We also had the Cabrito tacos (slow roasted goat and our least favorite), and the Mangalitsa pork belly tacos w/pineapple salsa (decent). Our bill came out to about $80 (not including tip) which is to be expected from a Besh/Sanchez restaurant. 
My only advice is to come into Johnny Sanchez knowing that the concept is Mexican fusion and not authentic south of the border Mexican food... You may be pleasantly surprised! To each their own, and I'm not sure this is the right restaurant for my palate but I would definitely recommend you try it at least once!My friend and I absolutely loved Johnny Sanchez! The ambience and decor were also great. We came for their happy hour specials like $2 tacos and half off beers and a few other drinks. I got two $2 Des Allemands Fried Catfish tacos, topped with jalapeño tartar sauce and grilled corn salsa. It was delicious! Also got the Johnny Sanchez margarita (tequila blanco, triple sec, fresh lime, orange, agave, salt rim).
My friend got the Cauliflower Taco with crispy cauliflower, salsa verde, queso fresco, and roasted corn salsa (sadly not part of the $2 taco deal) and the Holy Roller IPA. She said it was the best taco she'd ever had!Let me start off by saying the corn side is DELICIOUS!!! =) Another John Besh win! We enjoyed the tacos and margaritas. =) Located off of Poydras street. Cow tongue tacos are the best! They have a great happy hours as do all of the John Besh restaurants. They dont have designeated parking so you will need to find a spot on the street or a garage nearby.I'm a big fan of cooking shows, so now that Aaron Sanchez is a judge on Masterchef, I was eager to check out his restaurant. A quick trip to Nola provided a perfect opportunity and I was thrilled to get s reservation here tonight. The decor is interesting and appealing - although the mural on one wall is great, I think the lighting really steals the show - the eclectic and artsy hanging lights are awesome! Now, the food .... I was greeted by a charming server and given ice water and a basket of homemade tortilla and plantain chips with fresh salsa. They were delicious! The menu offered a good variety of interesting options; I opted for a shrimp quesadilla with a side of Mexican street corn. The corn was scrumptious and the quesadilla was positively mind-blowing! I had no idea the humble quesadilla could be so good!!! This will definitely be on my "must visit" list when I'm in New Orleans!This restaurant is amazing from beginning with drinks to appetizers to tacos to desserts...no one should go to NOLA without experiencing this restaurant.My husband and I ate the oyster tacos along with a barbacoa taco and queso fundido not to mention the margaritas this past Sunday evening while in NOLA!! No need to say anymore!! Everything was outstanding! Chef Aaron & Chef Besh-what a great combination! Kudos to Chef Luke also!!!  P.S. This crawfish lover would be over the top if the crawfish enchiladas was put back on the menu!!I went here a week ago for a date night. 
I actually heard about the restaurant Aaron Sanchez himself when I ran into him at another restaurant in town. The restaurant is beautiful and the waitstaff was very attentive.
We could not decide what to order to we ended up ordering lots of different foods. We started with the queso and two tacos (oyster, carne). Amazing! The steak was so tender, it practically melted. 
We had the street corn, enchiladas, and empanadas. Everything we ate was amazing. The enchiladas were a little overlooked but tasty.
This place is a great spot for a date or just hanging out with friends. Do yourself a favor and check it out.When you hear "New Orleans Cuisine" you immediately think of Gumbo, étouffée, fried catfish, Bloody Mary, muffuletta, debris poboy and many others.  Mexican Food is probably the last item on your list...until now.  After seeing posts by Aaron Sanchez we decided to make a quick stop after visiting family.  Upon entering we were greeted with a funky vibe and decor that you typically would attribute to the Big Easy. We were sat next to the windows and had a full view of the restaurant and poydras street.  We ordered the Johnny Sanchez Margarita and before we knew it we had three each.  Excellent, hand crafted margarita...no mix to be found anywhere.  We were eager to try the chips and salsa but were surprised to have fried plantains with our chips.  We ate our weight (not really) in plantains.  Perfect vessel to scoop the homemade tomatillo and red sauces.  Perfect amount of heat and spices to know this didn't come from a jar (unlike others).  We ordered the guacamole as an appetizer. I only eat guacamole I make because I cannot stand to think someone squeezes it out of a pastry bag. This was hands down the finest guacamole I've ever eaten. Perfect combination of cumin, lime and jalapeño all while still allowing the avocado to be the star.   For our main course we had the fish tacos and the soft shell crab taco.  The fresh jalapeño garlic aioli along with the fresh crab made the taco one we won't forget.  I failed to catch the name of the fish for the taco my wife had but it was a flaky fish with a great flavor.  When I cook Mexican food I usually cook street corn...or so I thought.  Tonight I learned what real Mexican street corn taste like.  Trust me, order it!!!  All in all it was a great meal and restaurant that we will for sure recommend to anyone visiting New Orleans.I wanted to really like Johnny Sanchez, but found it to be good not great. The guacamole was delicious, very creamy. The tuna tostada was tasty, but served on really small round chips. I had the Arroz Con Pollo, which was good but I don't feel the desire to have it again. My boyfriend had the lamb enchiladas, which were also very good, although a bit strong on the mole. Overall a good experience but didn't quite live up to my Besh expectations.Very loud and open restaurant, but amazing mural on the wall. Nice selection of tacos, but order individual. They tacos and sides wee very good enjoyed ceviche app as wellThe food is pretty fantastic - and so are the margaritas. They started us off with chips and fried plantains with some amazing house salsa. Then for dinner, my group of happy vegetarians loved the pumpkin empanadas, queso, and the brussel sprouts. We also each got a cauliflower taco - it was by far the best vegetarian taco I've ever had. So we went back the next day for happy hour- half off margs and $2 tacos ... but unfortunately, the cauliflower tacos weren't on the happy hour menu. In fact, there wasn't a single vegetarian taco on the happy hour menu. I felt completely overlooked.  Sad face.The service was second to none and every bite was as if I died and went to heaven.We were excited to try Johnny Sanchez (huge fans of Chef Aaron). We were so disappointed!!!!!
The menu was interesting and elevated as we expected, but the service and cleanliness left so much to be desired.
We came in the late afternoon, so it wasn't busy at all. We chose bar seats.  The bartender was completely off the standard you would expect (typically bartenders are the most hospitable in the building).  We had to ask for everything (umm doesn't that top shelf margarita have salt on the rim like the menu states?) from drinks to our food, NONE of the usual social cues were on the radar. It wasn't just us, but the few people around us were also experiencing long waits and neglectful service.
With so many amazing restaurants in NOLA, don't get sucked into this one based on it's celebrity chef/owner.  The standard you would expect from
restaurant who's chef publicly critiques aspiring chefs Is not present here.  Cleanliness, hospitality and atmosphere were all well below the many amazing spots to have seafood, tacos and cocktails in NOLA.  
Such a huge disappointment from two huge fans!May be biased as I live close by but I love the margaritas and guac. Staff is great. Entree food is s hot or miss with me. Not that it is not done well it's just not always items that pique my interest. Tacos are a little sparse for me. Again this is just my opinion. Sit with Justin Loren and talk with the managers. Awesome staff.The chips and plantain chips salsa, guacamole and queso  are amazing! Some of thee best ive had....my entree OMG the steak burrito was sooooooooooo gooodddddd must try!.....btw ask for Chris...cool guy and has great service.Oh where to start... Very disappointed experience went there with high expectations and the fact that a famous Mexican chef considers that the food that he serves makes justice to his culture is terrible . Mexican culinary has so much to give and he didn't makes justice to that . So for me I rather go no a not so fancy place and have some amaizing authentic Mexican food!Excellent.  Tacos were very good, never had a cat fish taco. Tasty!  House margarita very good. Guacamole was excellent.  Would come backChris M was extremely slow and barely acknowledged our table out of the 3 or 4 in total he had. It was a slow time in the day but we still saw him standing at the host stand chit chatting immediately after taking our order. We were also charged for multiple soft drinks without the knowledge that refills were not free. This isn't a problem, but should have been expressed when the DD of our party ordered a diet coke. The amount of time we were in the restaurant was excessive for what was ordered, but the food was relatively good. The poor service far out weighed the quality of food and I will not be back.Came here for lunch with a large party. Food quality was great, though a tad pricey for the portions. Our server was attentive and knowledgeable. Overall, definitely recommend if you're into more authentic Mexican, not Tex mex. The decor was also very nice.Came in Taco Tuesday which was a nice surprise. The place is decorated in an urban, modern way.  We were greeted and brought to our table quickly. While we didn't want to originally have tacos while we were visiting New Orleans, my friends and I were all very glad we tried thid place.  Our tacos and drinks were delicious. We got a side of the Mexican Street corn and it was the best I ever had. A great restaurant (and very large) in the downtown area I recommend trying!Excellent cauliflower and fish tacos. Good drinks. Love the free plantain that arrive when you sit down. Can get loud sometimes in here.I had a really good lunch here. The space looks great. I was toting two senior citizens, a toddler plus 2 other adults and we all found something to eat. But who cares about them? It's all about me. 
The plantains, chips and salsa that came immediately to the table were delicious as can be. For starters, we had the shrimp ceviche, guacamole and queso. They were all fine. But what blew my mind was the crispy Brussels sprouts dish. There were stray raw leaves tossed in with the roasted ones plus bits of roasted pumpkin and a touch of pickled peppers. I would take one bite and 'mmmmm' out loud. And then repeat. I couldn't even help myself. The cauliflower romesco taco also blew my mind. A little orange segment was the perfect contrast. The pork belly one was great too with the bits of pineapple. Everything always had a deep flavor but always the contrast of something bright and fresh. Pickled, crunchy, sweet. Perfection. 
Server was great and the meal was chill. I can't wait to come back!I love the Besh restaurant empire and everything he does, but somehow the details in his food are clearly influenced here in a bad way if present at all.  The collaborative effort of this restaurant comes across as less of a meeting of the minds but more of a situation of "too many cooks in the kitchen".   Or more accurately, this is a Mexican restaurant with little to no influence of cajun/creole food and therefore an Aaron Sanchez spot coasting on the name of John Besh.
The food: the only saving grace was the achiote pork belly carnitas taco.  I was initially concerned that a pork belly taco would be overly fatty.  However it was rendered well and the meat was juicy without being all fat. Interestingly (and unfortunately) the rest of the things we ate were ALL GREASE!  When I say grease I mean grease... my wife had the skirt steak tacos and the brussels sprout salad, and between the two of them we could have collected the oil that dripped out and put it in a pint glass.
I wanted this place to be great.  But Mr. Sanchez, just because you're in New Orleans fat does not always mean flavor.  Please tighten it up and give us some tacos worthy of the John Besh name.Chef Landrem and his team deliver a superior food experience. Tried Tuna Tostada, Lamb belly special, Burrata Mollete and a few others. The Cauliflower tacos are quite incredible. Highly recommend. Delightful, colorful, flavor packed, food.$2.00 tacos! During happy hour. Loved the avondagas and the carnitas tacos. We stopped in before the pelicans game. Husband loved the rice I loved the fresh salsa. Ambiance was upscale cozy. Safe area for walking. Got busy right about 530...30 minutes before the end of happy hour.Came here for lunch with high expectations. I LOVE Mexican food and since Im from California and love both Chefs I was surprisingly disappointed. :( The starter salsa with tortillas and plantains and my margarita were all awesome. However, the flautas were definitely over cooked. I had a chicken taco that was loaded with way too much sauce (I think it was mole), and my fiance barely had any sauce on his. He said his other tacos were OK. The mexican street corn was super cheesy for me. Although it was pretty empty when we came in it was Essence Festival sooo maybe the food was rushed. Ill think about coming back and giving it a second try when a festival is NOT in town. :(The service was great and the waiter was very attentive to our needs. The food portions were good and so was the taste of the food. The only thing I recommend is for the business to provide more Mexican style corn for the price they charge. A handful of corn didn't equate to the price.Wow!  Gloss over the fact that I'm an Aaron Sanchez fangirl because I don't want you to not trust my review based of bias.... I am first and foremost always an honest, devout foodie.  
This brunch was incredible.  You know the kind where when you take your first bite and it makes you close your eyes to savor it.  And then you take the next bite because you can't believe it was that good and it's then confirmed,  Yup, it was that good.   We had the breakfast skillet and the pork belly el pastor.  Lights out.  Both of them.  I'm such a fan of Aaron Sanchez's elevated mexiCAN style.  So thoughtful, so expert and always the HEAT.  The perfect amount of heat.  
Absolutely stunning interior with a menu that will make it difficult to just choose one  or two or three.  I'm only sad I don't live here and can't eat here several times a week.  This would be my "Nooooorm" kind of haunt if I did.  Well done Sanchez.This has to be one of the best meals I've had in my life, hands down. Beautiful, modern decor, professional wait staff, and the food was unbelievable. From the fried plantain chips, the best salsa imaginable, the cauliflower taco and pork enchiladas, every dish was better than the last. One of those meals I'll remember for life. No kidding.I thoroughly enjoyed my first experience there for my Birthday dinner with family! Laurin D took such good care of us, like an old friend hosting a dinner party! She's the bomb! The Arroz con Pollo was soooo delish, as well as the street corn, margaritas, & and tequila shots! Good food! Excellent service! 
Thank you Laurin for making our evening so enjoyable! We hope that you had a fantastic time on your vacation! MuahHad good tacos, Carne asada was my favorite. Ambience is good and it's not so much crowded at lunch time.I enjoyed the street tacos.  The house margarita was on happy hour and pretty good.  The guacamole is fantastic and definitely worth a try.  The bar was hopping and will definitely be where I sit next.  Upscale food at decent prices.Had a blast at Johnny Sanchez, Aaron Sanchez was in the house and he touched every table. Food was awesome, service was quick and the hospitality was great. Will definitely go back.We came in for lunch time with a fairly large group. We got seated quickly and our server was attentive and kept our glasses filled despite our incredible thirst. The chips and salsa especially were amazing, and the burrito was incredible. It hit the spot perfectly. It was not a typical Tex mex kind of place, and I would highly recommend it to anybody looking for good quality, not greasy/gross, Mexican foodThe atmosphere alone was fantastic. The food was out of this world. The queso was spicy and delicious. The main course was no disappointment either! This will be a stopping spot for all return visits.We found this place on accident as someone in our party wanted a cold Margherita after a hot day.
Boy, were we lucky!
This place is amazing! Best Mexican food I have ever put in my mouth! 
Everyone in our party of 10 raved about how delicious their food was from the salsa and fried plantain to the Cauliflower tacos and the brussel sprouts. Our server Will was wonderful.
Definitely will be back next time we're in NOLAI stopped in because I love John Besh and I support everything he does. This place is a masterpiece from top to bottom service and decor are second to none. They give you complimentary chips with red and greens salsa. The chip basket has both banana and corn chips which I thought was an excellent mix. For my entree I ordered the carne asada taco and the goat taco, both were some of the best I ever had especially the goat taco. To top it off I had one of the best margaritas I have ever had with top shelf tequila. 
The bad side was that I had a funny taste in the tomatillo salsa but I just thought the sour flavor was just their version of what is my favorite salsa. A few hours later I was nauseated and suffered from diarrhea for most of the night which leads me to believe that I was food poisoned from the salsa. I could say this because that meal was the only meal I had that day. I hate to say it but for my health I probably won't be back.Loved the different ceviche. Not large portions but the flavors were great. Strongly recommend the yellow fin tuna tosdadas. Carne Asad and other tacos also very good. 
Tried a few of the margaritas. The jalapeño and grapefruit was awesome spicy. 
Price was moderate.Killer food!!  I had the catfish taco and oyster taco and they were incredible.  My reason for the 3 star review is because of the pricing.  Their happy hour is a great value.  Some of the tacos are only $2 but when its not happy hour they are $6.  The tacos are so tiny that it only takes 2-3 normal bites to finish them off.  So at $2 per taco its a decent deal, but at $6 per taco, which is how much my oyster taco was, is just insanely overpriced.I was looking forward to this place, but was gravely disappointed.  The customer service was the worst I've seen in NOLA. My party of three had to wait 30 minutes before we got our drink order and over 70 minutes before we got out food.  Tables sat after us received their food and paid their bill before we even got our drinks. 
The manager was dressed as a frat boy in his LSU pull over. Condescending to us, briefly mentioned "these things happen. Soooooo sorry."  He was super douchey.  Thank god the food was good.  
No discount was given, no sincere apology. 
Wanna hear why the drink order too so long?   The bartender didn't know which tequila we wanted.  So instead of walking over to ask the customer, the lazy girl simply didn't make it or ask anyone about it. So lazy. 
The reason our order took so long, the waiter (who we had to flag down to talk to us) simply didn't put in our order.  After waiting 40 mins, and forcing him to take our order, he still didn't put the order in.
This place is a joke.  Avoid at all cost.I have some mixed feelings about Johnny Sanchez. First, we'll start with the great. The carne asada tacos. GET THEM. They were tender, juicy, flavorful and melted in your mouth. My friend and I ceased talking for a good 5 minutes due to the sounds of moaning that we couldn't help escaping our mouths. The downfall, they are TINY. Do NOT expect to make this your full meal.
Next, the flan. Oh, the flan. It was the creamiest flan I might have ever had, and I've had a LOT of flan. It was topped with coconut flakes, dragon fruit dollops and macadamia nuts. All the flavors complemented each other so well. Absolutely orgasmic.
The drink: I saw on the menu they offered Agua Fresca, so of course I had to get it. I had the Orange-Cantaloupe. Can't rave about it enough. Delicious doesn't even begin to cover it. Refreshing. Mind blowing. A party of flavors in your mouth. All the above. Who knew two classically different fruits tasted THAT good together? 
Now, the mediocre: the arroz con pollo. It was certainly edible. Those not familiar with the plate might even say it was good. That being said, I've made homemade arroz con pollo that blows this one out of the water. So, this is probably a 'won't order again' for me. 
We also had the Mangalitsa Pork Belly tacos which were also mediocre. Also on the 'won't order again' list. 
Finally, the horrible: the wild mushroom quesadilla. I'm grimacing now just thinking about it. It was so bad, we couldn't even tackle half of it. I brought it home to my husband (who will eat ANYTHING) and even he grimaced. I'm not sure what they did to make it taste so hellish, although the burnt cheese crust that they put on top definitely did not help. If I wanted a poorly executed, burnt quesadilla I would have just asked my little brother to make me one. Don't get it. 
All in all I'd probably go back. The carne asada tacos and coconut flan are well worth the visit. I'll just be sure to steer clear of that nightmare inducing quesadilla. Solid 3 stars.OMG the Brussel sprouts. Do not question me, just order them - they are straight up to die for! You get a massive plate full and they are deliciously caramelized with pumpkin and a spicy lime and jalapeno dressing. I was going to get the veggie tacos but I couldn't pass up the Empandas filled with mushrooms and fava beans. The portion was huge for an appetizer - four empandas stuffed to the brim with a yummy creamy dipping sauce. Go during happy hour for some killer deals and for real get the sprouts, you won't regret it.Tasty tacos. Extremely flavorful. 
This place is a little out of the way for most and their servers could use a little more training on treating the customers as number one instead of trying to up sell; however the taste favor was off the charts.The service and food was very good. We had a large lunch group and tried several of the menu items. Pig Ear Chilaquiles are excellent.  Everyone was very pleased and left stuffed!  I had the daily special "crispy pork cutlet" with rice and beans and could not eat all of it. I will definitely go back when I return to New Orleans.I'm convinced they put crack in the tacos. JUST KIDDING. However, the tacos are exquisite! I've been in love with the Carne Asada tacos for almost a year now. At the insistence of my husband, I finally tried the Albondigas taco. YUM. He's raved about the pork and cauliflower tacos! We're spoiled right now because we live in the apartments above Johnny Sanchez! Overall, JS is a MUST while visiting New Orleans!! The salsa has the perfect amount of kick. The tortilla chips have the perfect amount of salt. 99% of the time, our server is awesome. The other 1% get a pass because we're all human. Lastly, I've met Chef Aaron once. He's exactly as you'd imagine. He's is very humble. He has a wonderful staff working for him! Thanks to everyone at JS! We will be so sad when we have to move back to Alabama. 
I'm posting a picture from tonight. #tacotuesday 
Carne Asada, Albondigas,Carne Asada-order as pictured.Really really really slow service. Ordered a drink before my entree and still have not received 20 minutes after finishing my entree while sitting here typing this review. Even asked waitress about drinks and no sense of urgency to fulfill order. Pork grillades is more like a soup and would not recommend.
Bigger tv at bar.We went for lunch and had the Street Corn side, Carne Asada tacos, Pescado tacos and Pork Belly tacos.  Each of the tacos were garnished with complementary toppings.  Everything was excellent, flavorful and a touch spicy (I'd prefer more heat but...)  I hesitated on the Pork Belly tacos because they came with a pineapple salsa - usually a salsa thats way too sweet, but this was very good, the pineapple lightly charred which added a nice flavor.  The Street Corn is fresh corn scraped from the cob onto the grill, lightly charred, and served in a creamy sauce with a cojita type cheese.  
Upon being seated, we were served corn chips and plantain chips with red and green salsas.  Good chips, fried perfectly, spicy salsas.  The green salsa goes great on the fish tacos btw.
I also had a cucumber cilantro margarita thats refreshing and got a kick.  Very nice.
I really was impressed by our food and the wait service.  If you go, realize this is not typical Mexican or Tex-Mex restaurant cuisine, more like amped up street food that rocks.Do NOT go here without a reservation. Food might be good but the seating is so poorly run you won't get in to taste it. They had 3 people working at the front desk and still it was a disaster. We were told it would be 40-60 minute wait. Since there was no where to wait they told us they'd call us so we could wait elsewhere. After an hour we called back and they said it would be another hour because ... ummmm... some tables weren't leaving. Spoke to manager and she said she'd see what she could do and call us right back. Another hour later still no call. Fortunately we had given up and gone to eat elsewhere.I was so bummed about this place!
I was really craving Mexican.  We go to the resturant and it looks really cool and the waiter is fantastic.
It's the food that wasn't great. The cocktails are very small and pricey.  The chips and salsa are great.  We go the queso which was not good, burnt, and impossible to eat.  I got the softshell crab tacos which were okay, but not the best.  My husband got the enchilladas which were very bland and burnt to the plate.
I wouldn't recommend for anything other than a happy hour.Fish tacos were good. Goat Tacos were excellent. Guacamole as awesome!!! They serve Dr. Pepper from a glass bottle which is so delicious, but not very cost effective when you are really thirsty for some soda. Good thing the margaritas were DELICIOUS and totally quenched my thirst. Lyle, our bartender/server was delightful!If you don't have a reservation, you might as well not even step foot in the door. My friend and I came in for happy hour and some appetizers around 4 o'clock and were told we would only be able to sit for 30-45 minutes because they had so many reservations that they couldn't accommodate us any longer. The hostess was pretty rude about the situation and didn't care that we were definite paying customers compared to their possible reservation list. We sat at the bar and had a few drinks and an appetizer then left to go to another place. Can't say I would return other than the bartender, Chris, was wonderful and the Oaxacan Sunrise margarita was amazing.the food was mostly great but a few dishes were mediocre.  drinks kinda overpriced but salsa was yummy and service/atmosphere made the place overall a treat. the dessert is greatCame here for the fist time with a friend I must say they have the best fish tacos I've ever had. Parking was the only problem but I definitely recommend this place!Came here for brunch on a weekend with some friends. The food was excellent. They bring out tortilla chips and delicious plantain chips which are warm and toasty accompanied by salsa. We ordered queso dip to share. Can't say enough good things about it. The combination of cheese, chorizo, cilantro and jalapeno peppers was out of this world.perfect.
I ordered the pork belly arepa which comes with pork belly al pastor, black beans and a sunny side up egg. The portion was on the small side, but the quality was superb. Very tasty.
Only knock on the place that I have is the service. Our initial waiter was aloof and uninterested in being a good server. We ordered a drink that contained coffee, but the drink we got was green-colored. When we questioned if it was the correct drink, he brushed us off and told us that it was. When we pressed again for the second time, he finally realized that the drink was wrong and brought us new ones. Although this is not an upscale restaurant by any means, I would expect the servers to know at least the very basics of their cocktail and food menu...Got another server later who was good and very prompt with water refills, etc. so maybe the first one was just an aberration.
Overall good experience, definitely get what you pay for in terms of food quality, service can be hit or miss. I would be willing to revisit this place to try their dinner or happy hour.Unbelievable happy hour. Bartender Erin is a total sweetheart and makes a heck of a drink. The meatball tacos are worth the visit alone. Next time I'm in New Orleans I'll be back.After a few days in New Orleans of great seafood and also fried food I wanted to try something different but also familiar given that I'm Latina. Came here twice! 
First night was for dinner and my friends and I just missed happy hour. Served a bowl of tortilla chips and plantain chip with salsa!! Loved those plantain chips more than the tortilla chips - just saying! 
Had a burrito, my friend had a side of corn with crawfish enchiladas! Those were my favorite - Mexican meets New Orleans! Oh and Margarita Monday's - half off margaritas! 
Day 2 - made it in time for happy hour! Select tacos $2 each. Got the chicken, al pastor and a regular carne asada taco ($6) with a happy hour margarita. 
Overall really enjoyed this place! Also what are the odds that you and the staff share the same name! BelénGreat space, a bit loud but nicely - and very uniquely - decorated.  My original visit was a few months after it opened (2014, I think) and it was good but didn't blow us away.  With so many options in town, we hadn't been back until recently and I have say this time Johnny Sanchez completely blew us away with the food - my wife is already talking about going back.
We opted for the August Coolinary menu along with a few one-off dishes and the opening dish of a Beet Salad with whipped goat cheese and stone fruit was amazing (even though the peaches were hard which I wouldn't have expected).  The salad had at least 10-15 components which worked perfectly together to create flavors, textures, and a visual experience that you only get with fine dining.  Given that John Besh is part owner it seems they have the utmost experience both in the front and back of house to provide well executed fine dining Mexican food in a casual and fun environment.  My wife commented that our meal was as good as the Rick Bayless restaurants in Chicago which is about the highest compliment she can give.
In terms of other dishes, the Albondigas were very good - and a huge portion with 6 meatballs.  We also ordered Arroz con Pollo which was one of the most unique preparations I've ever had - the rice is apparently cooked, then coated in rice flour, then given a quick fry to make it crunchy.  Who knew? The sauce was great and while I prefer a more traditional rice crunch (similar to Persian rice, etc.) and wish I could have tasted the chicken more it turns out my wife is fully addicted to this dish and will be ordering it on our next visit.  Soon.  And the other main course we tried was the Achiote Gulf Fish which was amazing when cooked right - the initial dish came out burned on the bottom (of course hidden from view) so the fish was a overcooked and the char overwhelmed the dish but when we notified our server she immediately took it away and the manager then came over to apologize and distract us for a few minutes at which point a new dish showed up quickly.  And it was absolutely perfect in every way.
Dinner ended with one of the most amazing preparations of flan I have ever tasted.  Wow.  Despite a couple service mis-steps during our meal, this restaurant is populated with professionals throughout (did I mention how good the bartenders are too?) and not only delivered a great experience but food that will be remembered for a long time.  It's not necessarily cheap, but it's top notch all the way.  Bravo!Food and ambiance was great but the service was possibly the worst at any restaurant I've been to.So Johnny Sanchez is a cool little spot to try out if you're in the CBD in New Orleans. If you like Mexican inspired food, that is. The interior is so cool and pretty, which is what caught my eye initially. The margaritas are really good and the service is pretty descent. I had the carne asada tacos, crispy brussels sprouts, and crunchy avocado rice. Everything was really good, especially the crunchy avocado rice! It's worth giving a shot. I've had a nice experience every time I've visited this place.Not enough stars to describe the overall experience. The food, ambiance and service were superb! Everything was super flavorful and delicious. Would go there again and again. Purposely ordered something from every part of the menu. Saw Aaron Sanchez in the restaurant in our hotel a couple of nights before we went to his and John Besh's restaurant. Had we known how good it was going to be, we would have showered him with praises beforehand. Must go!The food here is great. It's contemporary Mexican fuzed to the US standards but really good. 
One frustration point. Amazing tacos served on flour tortillas.
NEWS FLASH:  Mexicans don't cook with flour tortillas.Johnny Sanchez never disappoints! Love the chips and plantains with salsa, and of course a margarita to start out with! I enjoy trying the various tacos, which are always very flavorful. You can never go wrong with the chicken quesadilla. It is packed with flavor and very filling.Everything we had here was incredible. Salad, main course, and dessert. Waitress was a real sweetie, place is decorated great. A real gem!Such a unique take on Mexican food.  We started with the guacamole with oaxacan chalupines -- just the right amount of kick.
My husband had the lobster and crab enchiladas (which he loved), and I had the shrimp tacos and the cauliflower tacos.  Hands down, the cauliflower tacos are the best tacos I've had in years....I mean, where else can you get cauliflower tacos??
Ana was a phenomenal server, knowledgable and gave great recommendations.I went to this location with a few co-workers for lunch before a work event downtown and it was delicious. Two beers and three tacos later (plus tip) I dropped $39.00.
I didn't think that this was ridiculously priced because the food was delicious (especially the dips and chips!!) But, I wish I could order each taco a la carte. I hate being forced to order two of the same tacos! What if I don't want two steak tacos?
Luckily, one of my friends split the pork belly taco with me so I wasn't forced to only eat delicious steak tacos.So very sorry to give this review, such a huge fan of Arron Sanchez. Loved the ambiance, but most staff acted as if they would rather be anywhere but here.
Chips and salsa came next, bagged chips ! Yuk !
Salsa- just ok
Queso with chorizo - had to cut it with a knife ( they took it off our tab)
Ceviche- good
Had a couple tacos- don't want to waste your time.
Good limey margaritas though.......Outstanding classy Mexican food in New Orleans. The chips and plantain chips and salsa was very good. The service was fantastic. Thanks Morgan!  I had duck carnitas enchiladas and my wife had meatball taco (I know right) and really smooth black bean soup. Best food We've eaten here. We finished with fabulous praline sorbet. Aaron came over to see us and my wife got a selfie with him. Very nice, humble, and friendly gentlemen. Thanks all for a great time.I enjoyed the house margarita and the shrimp ceviche!  We also ordered the carnitas and carne asada tacos. I was not a fan of either.Awesome fancy Mexican food when you need a break from the deep fried Cajun cuisine. The decor is funky and trendy, and the food is no joke. They have a $40 set dinner that is quite a good deal. I highly recommend the Lamb tamale and Brussels sprouts. So tender and juicy and flavorful! Finish off with a coconut flan and you are in heaven. Prices are premium though, but you get premium food and service as well.Ordered tortilla soup...terrible. Quesadilla was very good and plantain chips and salsa were good. A little spendy for what you get. Overall would not go back....better tex mex elsewhere.Brussel sprouts with squash were a ridiculously appetizing decision,  and the Carne asada tacos were really good. The pumpkin ooey gooey was indeed ooey and kind of gooey, yummy on all counts.Amazing food and drinks. The decor is incredible. A must see in New Orleans.  The chicken and rice is delicious. You must also try to Chocolate Tres Laiches is to die for. Other must tries are the street corn, fish tacos, Brussels sprout salad, and the whole fish. I've been there several times and every time has been awesome.Dined here during the first week the restaurant was open. There was a mix-up with our table's order and the kitchen and our waitress went above and beyond to accommodate for the delay. The shrimp and pork belly tacos were the winners amongst our table. The ambience manages to be fun and casual, while still taking itself seriously. Oh, and the drinks were all great. We'll be returning.great authentic Mexican food, although the tostadas are surprisingly small. great happy hour specials. the service was also very good. a little expensive but the food is high qualityMeh. Maybe it's the location, but I felt like I was in midtown Manhattan--which believe me, is not a compliment. If you are going to open a down home food place, maybe a down home venue would fit better. The cavernous space, mismatched decor (yawn) and big TVs over the bar just don't work...for ANY cuisine. Loud, Cold, UNinviting, and oddly sterile.
 I was excited to get here--I pretty much love every Besh restaurant I have been to (all but one, in the casino, because of smoke). Whereas the first time I ate at Domenica I said OMG I have to come back TOMORROW, or at MoPho, where I DID go back the next day...I left Johnny Sanchez thinking--OK, not bad, nothing remarkable, I don't have to come back. The star of the show was the two complimentary salsas served with very thin chips upon seating. Pure and wonderful. I wish I could say that about the rest of the food.$2 tacos during HH were freaking awesome. Spicy chicken best taco I have had hands down. Crawfish taco was also really good.Loved, loved, loved. Those brussel sprouts were divine!! I didn't want to stop eating them!! Such a creative mix of flavors that went together perfectly: brussel sprouts, pumpkin, pomegranate and jalapeno. Can't wait to go back just for that dish!
(Note - this was listed under "salads" so I thought it was a cold salad. It's not, it's a full, hot, plate. It would be good if they could offer a half portion as a side dish.)
The masa cake was unbelievable, I've never had anything like it. It was like a cross between custard and tres leches. I loved the citrus garnish and also the little scoop of sorbet served with it.
The pork belly tacos were just okay. They did not have enough filling and seemed very skimpy. Surprised that it didn't have cabbage or slaw in the taco to give it some volume. Was just a tortilla with a small smear of filling.
I also got the horchata cocktail. It was very strong, which some people may like, but I was expecting it to have a stronger flavor of horchata.
My friend had queso fundido and the goat tacos, which she said were fabulous.
The complimentary chips and salsa were okay.
Can't wait to go back!Best place in New Orleans. Food is excellent, fresh and healthy.  Mexican with a flare!  Great ambiance and service!Awesome service! 
We came in for happy hour, M-F 3pm-6pm! They have half off drinks and $2 tacos. We ordered all the happy hour tacos and a pitcher of their fresh margarita. They have complimentary chips/plantains and salsa. The chips were fresh and the salsa had a hint of smokiness which I liked. The tacos overall were okay, a bit heavy on the salty side. Our server and the manager wanted to refire the tacos to make sure we were satisfied but we were already so full. The dogerta torta dessert saved our taste buds! The layers of deliciousness - Kahlua ice cream, caramel, chocolate, and cake. OMG, u MUST try this dessert! 
Overall, our service was impecable and the chance to meet Aaron Sanchez was pretty cool too. I would def give it another chance.Outstanding location and presentation. Attended Brunch on Sunday July 30 '17, First time. Decor was excellent, the menu was excellent, the service was excellent. I ordered the Chilaquiles and was disappointed that the plate presented to me was less than room temperature. My group of 3 were the only ones active for being served and the Chilaquiles were cool to the touch. If that is what the kitchen had in mind, it was a first for me. The kitchen manager should have caught that - cold chilaquiles not that good. I know this is "nuevo cocina Mexicana" but I think the kitchen should try a little harder to present food that is ready to eat.Really great place! Tacos are awesome, try the carne asada! 
The Mexican street corn is probably the best corn dish I've had in my life. 
The reviews live up to the hype! Do it!! Made a reservation on open table, sat right away!!We had an incredibly enjoyable meal, the service was wonderful, prompt and courteous, and the atmosphere was welcoming and inviting. Their happy hour is spot on, delicious tacos, and you have to try the margaritas! Our waitress was so sweet and even gave us a rundown of other things to do while we were in town.I love the food, the atmosphere and the staff helpful and Knowledgeable. definitely a place I would love to go and visit again next time I'm in New OrleansI went here the other night after work and I LOVED it. Whoever designed the space did an excellent job. I typically don't prefer hip or trendy vibes but this place did it in a non-annoying way. It's not over the top and it's very comfortable. I felt very relaxed in there with the tall ceilings and cool decor. The food was so good that with every bite I made some sort of mmmm sound. The salsa is better than most I've tried and didn't leave a cilantro taste in my mouth like most do. My husband and I split the shrimp tacos under large plates. They were delicious!! I'll definitely be coming here on a regular basis:)The skirt steak was phenomenal as well as the street corn. Shrimp tacos were really good. Would have given this place 5 stars of it wasn't for the chips. It was an interesting mix of fried plantains and tortilla chips. The tortilla chips were average at best.Delish! Carne asada tacos, carnitas tacos, fresh guac & street corn are to die for! Great service by a female bartender 2 nights in a row. YUM! If you want a break from heavy, cajun or fried food or are just craving amazing Mexican food, come here!Ummm... well as of right now I am the Duchess of Johnny Sanchez. I've been here about 5-6 times in the last two months. What I like about this place is that they're tacos are the perfect portion size. What I like to do is to either order the quest fundido or the guacamole as my appetizer and one order of tacos. Sharing this with a lunch or dinner date will ensure for us that we won't get stuffed and if we're up for it, we can order dessert. 
What I do not like about this place is the noise level - it's gotten so loud I got a headache once. But you just have to know it's "one of those places" and you have to be mentally prepared for that. Everyone knows what the ambience of a restaurant is after going there once. I just avoid noisy places when I know I can get daily irritated - after a long day at work, exhausted, nervous and stressed, etc. 
I do recommend that everyone try this place.Just finished brunch at Johnny Sanchez and I'm stuffed. I had the Arroz con Pollo and the crispy rice was the best part. It was rich and had lots of tastes and textures. Also tried the squash taco which was not only interesting but really delicious. 
The frozen Margarita was cold, well balanced and packed a wallop. Wonderful!Decent food. Extremely not worth the price. You could buy three steaks and grill them yourself with the best sides you can think of.. Hell, maybe a 1/4 ounce of black caviar for one.My first visit to Johnny Sanchez was back in November of 2014 and I absolutely loved it! The Brussels Sprout salad blew me away and the tacos at the time were very tasty! My only complaint was that my server was a MIA for most of the meal.
So when my lunch companion and I decide to stop by on Good Friday we were looking forward to a great experience. 
While the service has improved and the atmosphere is still cool and hip the food has slipped a bit. The Brussels Sprout salad is till my favorite thing on the menu but the tacos were a huge let down! 
We ordered the fish and carne asada tacos. The first thing we noticed was that the fish and carne were place on the wrong tortillas. Usually the fish is served on a flour tortilla and the carne on corn but not that day. 
When I bit into the fish taco it tasted like it had been sitting out for a while and the carne asada was no better. The meat was SO TOUGH that it actually hurt my front teeth and it lacked flavor. 
I hope to be back soon and have a better experience because I want to give the place more than 3 stars.I asked for just a rail bourbon at the bar, and got charged $11. Apparently they're rail bourbon is Buffalo Trace... If I wanted a more expensive bourbon, I would have asked for it. To be clear, this review is just based on that experience. I was watching the game and didn't grab any food.Nothing screams Easter like margaritas (pitchers 1/2 priced) and Mexican food. The complimentary corn  and plantain chips with salsa were delicious.  The crawfish enchilada was decadent.  The carne asada taco was our least favorite but it was still solid.  Service killed. We left happy with a glass of margarita to go.Went on a girls only family brunch date (on a Sunday for happy hour which is 3-6p) here and this place is awesome - everything from the service to the food to the dining room.  My only dislike is the parking situation - the reason I didn't leave 5 stars.  Anywho we had guacamole and margaritas (a bit overpriced even for happy hour) and tacos and empanadas which all were delicious.  I would def recommend this place and plan to go again.I returned to Johnny Sanchez for lunch for 2 reasons 1. The quick and genuine response I received. 2. I really respect Aaron Sanchez and REALLY wanted to try the food! I was not given any incentive to return. 
This being said, we kind of forced the visit and were not incredibly hungry. We didn't try as many dishes nor did we have any drinks. 
To start you are served chips and salsa. Off the bat, you get fried plantain chips! They tasted good on their own! The other chips were very light and crisp. Salsa was very good, not your typical table salsa.
Queso Fundido tasted very much like others I've had, but I will say... They didn't skimp on the chorizo.
Crispy Brussels Sprouts - Now this one, nothing like anything I've tasted. The flavor combo is very unique. 
Street corn - I did not plan on ordering this because I've been eating it for decades and I make it at home. The server really recommended it so... I gave it a whirl. I'm glad I did! They wood grill the corn and add some flavors into the mix that really give it a unique spin on the usual. 
Carne Asada and Albondigas tacos - The meatball was by far my favorite! Carne asada didn't have the flavor I expected with it being wood grilled. It may have just been over powered by the amount of guacamole in the taco.
Overall, I would definitely come back, hungrier!The bartender was very welcoming & helped me pick a variety of options for HHR. I was hesitant on the catfish HHr taco but, have no fear it was the best of the 3. My choice ( without her input) was the albondigas taco which had great flavor- jus a wee bit salty but I WILL get it again. The Carne asada taco was tasty but, my least fave of the 3. I'll be back for the brussel sprouts, cauliflower taco & the spicy chkn taco..... ceviche too.I went in with my family today for the first time since my mom was visiting from out of town . We loved all the appetizers we had the Brussels sprouts and they are amazing and the street corn was so sweet and delicious . For our main meals we tried the cauliflower tacos, duck enchiladas, and arroz con pollo it was all so good! The service was okay , but the restaurant presentation was very nice clean and trendy . The one thing that we didn't like was that we also ordered the ceviche it's a little pricy and we didn't quite like it maybe because we are used to a more citrusy ceviche. We tried a little bite didn't really touch it because we really weren't used to it . We told our waitress and all she did was look at us take the plate and walk away . I wasn't really looking for my money back because she still charged us but I thought maybe she'd ask what was wrong with our food or suggest a different appetizer. A hundred dollars plus later and a receipt with a ceviche we didn't even eat that looked like new we paid and left but didn't leave her much of a tip because she charged us for  a ceviche we didn't eat and never asked if we'd like anything else . We loved the restaurant but the services was a little blahThe decor and atmosphere is nothing special but the wait staff is very attentive and helpful with recommendations. The chiquita (tequila-based cocktail) was pretty tasty. The beef cheek and marrow sopas I ordered was rich, brimming with flavor, and definitely worth trying. Their goat tacos, tostados, and snapper ceviche are also worth a try. A good pick for a once-in-a-while outing if you don't mind small portions and prefer the foodie experience.The food was so good we had the octopus tostada the crawfish enchiladas the guacamole and a margarita .So first off, let me just state that their Mexican Street Corn is nothing short of amazing. That gets 5 stars. 10 Stars. As many stars as there are in the night sky. If I were only reviewing the Corn, this would be the number 1 restaurant in New Orleans.
Sadly, this isn't just about the corn. I ate there last night with two friends, and we had three complaints.
1. We sat there for nearly an hour before we got our food. The place was not full, or even close to full, so I'm not sure what the issue was. The people seated next to us came in much after we did, and got their food not too long after we got ours. I have a feeling they may have screwed up my order and had to redo it, because my food was a good temperature, but my friends both said their dishes were on the cold side. 
2. We got two baskets of chips, and the bottom of both were filled with crumbs, hiding underneath a handful of decent chips. I'd say the whole chip to crumb ratio was 10% whole chips. 10% slightly broken chips. 80% chips crumbs. 
3. The food seems rather expensive for what we got. I guess it is a fancy Mexican place that doesn't serve traditional dishes, but if I pay $6 for a taco, I don't expect to get the smallest taco I've ever seen. If I pay $16 for a steak quesadilla, I don't expect it be "the worst quesadilla I've ever eaten". If I pay $28 for a Fajita Platter, I expect a platter, not a little dish filled with a steak and potatoes with shredded carrots on the side. 
So, long story short. 
The food is not what you would expect. This is not traditional Mexican food. Know that going in, and you'll be better off. 
Service was kinda crappy, but that could be a fluke.
The Mexican Street corn is amazing. My friend who was disappointed in his quesadilla tried the corn and said he was even more disappointed now, because now he wishes that he'd just gotten that.Was staying at the Hyatt Regency and wanted a quick bite not at a fast food place and not too far away. This place was great! Morgan was the bartender/server, and he was great. Recommended the crispy brussels sprouts (with butternut squash, cotija, and jalapeño vinaigrette) and cauliflower taco (with salsa verde, queso fresco, and roasted corn salsa). Both were excellent. I originally wanted a salad, but the offerings didn't seem particularly interesting. Apparently they are known for their brussel sprouts! Atmosphere is casual but nice. Could have date, outing with friends, or work meet-up here. Saints game was on and there was a good showing at the bar for it. House margarita looked delicious! Tortilla chips and fried plantain chips with salsa were offered as a starter.Words of advice: order off of the taco menu.  I recently went for dinner with a big group.  Half of us ordered tacos, the other half ordered other specialties.  We were all surprised at how great the entrees tasted.  I think the tacos are average.So far impressed, margaritas are tasty, the quest fundido was cheesy and pepper perfection. I will be having the duck carnitas enchiladas-we will see, but guessing they will be remarkable!I can not understand why John Besh has attached his name to this restaurant. I also can not understand how anyone can review this place positively, my guess is it because of name association with the restaurant and people pretending to like the food because of this.
Me and my partner eat out regularly, normally about 4 times a week. We came to NO excited to experience great food the city is known for, and on this night we were extremely disappointed. 
After being seated, stale chips and two uninspired dips were put on our table. This made me instantly regret ordering the $6 scoop of guacamole. When it did come out, it was not blended correctly and overly seasoned, destroying the flavour of the avocado.
For mains we ordered the lamb enchilada and arroz con pollo. The lamb enchilada was flat out disgusting. It had way too much cheese, the lamb was oily, and the sauce was gritty and overpowering. It has to be the worst enchilada i've ever had, better ones can be found at a fast food place. I left over half the meal on the plate. my partners arroz con pollo was equally disgusting, it had a scarce amount of chicken which was slimy and the dark meat part of the bird. It was bland and not seasoned at all. Due to the arrogance of the place, there is no salt or hot sauce on the table. This added insult to injury as we could not even give the food a little flavour. Again with the arroz con pollo, about 3/4 of the food was left on the plate.
The service was fine, and attentive.  However when the waitress came to clear out plates, all she had to say was "would you like a takeaway box?". She did not ask us how our food was or if we enjoyed it, when she could clearly see over half the food was left on both plates. My guess as to why she did not ask is because she knows the food is terrible and was embarrassed. We told her we did not want to take away the food, so she cleared the plates without saying anything. It was obvious we were not happy.
It seems to me this restaurant is a cash grab, and the two chefs who's names are attached to it must not care about the quality of the food. Seeing as the restaurant looks regularly full, I'd say they don't care if the food is crap because the people keep paying for it. Such a shame, seeing as I normally hear good things about John Besh restaurants.Suggested to us by a local because of the uniqueness of the Mexican Cajun creole offerings as well as fresh seafood! It did not disappoint! The queso dip was the best we've EVER had!!! All entrees were good but the tacos were beautiful and my favorite was the cauliflower taco! I liked the catfish taco but this cauliflower & the pickled onions & other ingredients...wow! I'm so glad the server suggested it! Will definitely recommended this restaurant & we will return!So good! I will be dreaming about the pork tacos and the delicious chips and salsa for days to come! Easily a 5* Mexican restaurant!Go for happy hour to be able to try a wide variety of tacos and dishes. It gets expensive if you are paying full price for small tacos. Fun play on tacos that are approachable and flavorful. I would recommend going with a group of people and trying many thingsThe space is small  with a unique, interesting decor.  I am a fan of Besh's restaurants and was anxious to dine here.
Food:
Brussel sprouts:  plentiful but unfortunately so salty they were inedible.
Arroz con pollo :  nice crispiness but only five tiny, dry pieces of chicken.  There was very little seasoning, no "heat", no whole roasted tomatoes.
Sopes:  dry, stringy beef cheek, greasy and overpriced for the portion.
Drinks:
Mango jalapeno margaritas. I guess all it takes is a slice of jalapeno to call it "jalapeno". There was no discernable jalapeno heat or flavor. Any mango flavor was obscured by the triple sec.
Service was abysmal.  We had to order our drinks twice. They finally arrived 10 minutes after our food.Okay, I'm a foodie and I am always looking for gems when I travel...so Mexican food in New Orleans; well let me check it out!!! 
The atmosphere, music, service and food were spot on! Sarah was our server, very nice and attentive...thats my girl! 
We started with chips and salsa; surprise twist fried plantains...what... mind blown! Next (4) exquisite chicken flautas; they were beautiful to look at and to consume.
I had to give my friend the don't do it look...she already had 2...geesh! Finally the Brussel sprouts...just yum!
For dinner we had the oyster, carne asada and spicy chicken tacos..they were all very good. This is what took the service over the top; I really wanted to try the crispy rice, but it only came out with an entree; my girl Sarah put in a special request to the chef and he made me a side order of the crispy rice it was amazing! The side order of street corn is definitely something to try. Now friends I topped it off with a margarita... just one did the trick! 
Loved the food but let me tell yall (I'm from Texas) the music was everything! DJ Ian Means Dryer...put it down! Every time I tried to leave...he dropped another record that begged me to stay! Hands down one of the my favorite spots. I would definitely return!happy hour is the cat's pajamas carnita and lengua tacos are the jam!Went for lunch & they had a full house. Food was delicious but runners were still working things out so our appetizer went to the wrong table. Our server comped it though. Try the daily fresca- it was honey dew today- yum! Brussels sprout salad was the highlight for me and pork belly tacos are nothing to scoff at.Everything here was really yummy! I'm glad I came in during happy hour! Their Johnny Sanchez Margarita was custom made since I cannot do tequila. For starters their chips and salsa was Delicious with  their warm tortilla and plantain chips. Their crispy Brussels sprouts  for starters had butternut squash, cotija, and jalapeño vinaigrette is very filling! For the main course they recommended the soft shell crab torta that has coleslaw, avocado and a vinaigrette served on a lightly toasted bun.   The staff was great! Everything was delicious!Had the shrimp tacos and the fried Brussels sprouts.    Skip the tacos and get the Brussels sprouts.   Amazing
The chips and salsa are fast too.  Very friendly server behind the bar as well so suggest a bar seat versus table.Great food, great atmosphere. Arron Sanchez was here visiting tables and giving suggestions on what to eat. Meatball tacos were excellent along with the carne tacos. Looking forward to trying other dishes when we come back.Amazing food! Cauliflower Tacos were the bomb! Chips & Salsa with plantains on top were delicious. Brussel Sprout appetizer with sweet potatoes is a MUST!!Great food and atmosphere.  Loved the guacamole and the shrimp tacos.  Cocktails were good too. We were a large group and they were able to handle us without any issues.  Will definitely go back.We had dinner on St Patrick's Day and it was packed...Service was still excellent and they were generous with the chips and salsa.  And the salsa is amazing.
Definitely try the guacamole and street corn.We had three different types of tacos, loved them all. 
If you're a cheese lover, try the queso fundido! Great service. Amazing ambience.This is a 5 star restaurant and I almost didn't try it because it only got 3.5 on yelp.  Anyone who gave it less than 5 should go back and try it again!  Maybe they had a hard time getting their shit together in the beginning?  I loved it and so did everyone we went with.
MUST ORDER: Shrimp ceviche, carne asada tacos and guac.  I can't tell you what else is good because I loved those so much the first time I went that I had to order it the second time too! Chips so good!  Salsa, is thick and flavorful.  It's not like California salsa, I eat and enjoy that a lot, it's different, gourmet like and fricken delicious.
Great service, great food, neat place, great drinks.  One of my favorite spots in New Orleans!!Well, it's been a month since I have tried Johnny Sanchez and since it's doesn't look like I will be making it back anytime soon, this review is going to have to stand as is, for now.
It was a Saturday night and the place was packed. Thankfully we had made reservations for a slot they had open at 10. Yeah, pretty late for dinner, but no biggie. The first thing that struck me upon walking in was the interesting mural on the wall. The second thing that struck me was how loud the restaurant was. 
We were lead to our seats and given a menu. First of all, it was so loud that I couldn't even hear my dining companion over the din of the dining room. Also, there was a football game on in the bar area and the crowd SCREAMED every time some team scored. Seems like a little much for a restaurant, much less one that is trying to consider itself "fine dining".
Looking over the menu, everything sounded pretty good. The thing that stuck out to me was the "whole fish". I was pretty hungry and I like fish, so I told the waiter that that was what I wanted. Well, he immediately talked me out of it, telling me that it's more suitable for two people and there's no way I could finish it on my own. That sounds like a challenge, but okay...after a quick glance over the menu, I decided on the lamb enchiladas
My enchiladas came and while I am not a huge fan of lamb, they were well prepared and had a lot of flavor. I wasn't really blown away by the meal and I left not really seeing what all the fuss was about.
After talking about my experience with some friends they ALL recommended the whole fish. D'oh! Maybe if I hadn't been swayed into not getting what I wanted in the first place, this would be a 4 star review. Serves me right for not sticking to my guns. Oh well. If I ever make it back, whole fish it is.Very good food! Excellent salsa...was disappointed they were out of steak for the fajitas but the pork was excellent...the chicken fajita meat was good but not great but was served on top of some of the best potatoes I've ever had!Very expensive for Mexican, but completely worth it. Never had a dish I didn't like. The chips and salsa are even exemplary. I like the wood-grilled shrimp salad, the mushroom quesadillas, queso, street corn, and the brussel sprouts- you MUST get the brussel sprouts. My least favorite was the shrimp ceviche but still did not dislike. The drinks are good and the atmosphere is lovely. Service is fast and satisfactory.If you like greasy and small queso with chorizo then this is the place for you. I have never done a review but felt compelled after how bad this experience was for my girlfriend and I. She ordered a margarita ($11) and I a rum and coke ($9). Took quite some time at 2:30 Pm on a Friday with not a full restaurant to get to the table.  Ordered the queso fundido.  Came out with no plates, small tortillas, and enough grease to cover the plate I used that the tortillas came out on.   Almost left but decided to give another chance after all of the grease anyway. Asked the waitress about the squash blossom quesadilla. Well out of the squash blossom but a cheese quesadilla.  Ordered it anyway. Not that great and was charged the full $12 for a cheese quesadilla.  We paid $40 for 4 drinks and $20 for not very good cheese dip and a quesadilla.  I like John Besh a lot but I don't feel that he knows what is going on here or he doesn't care any more. With food like this and prices like this the new and awe of a Besh and Sanchez restaurant will not make it in the CBD or anywhere in NO.We were so disappointed... Maybe it was an off night. The menu is interesting and the decor and atmosphere were nice but a little bright. We were rushed, food was not prepared as ordered and the fish (great quality) entree was overwhelmed with a heavy, greasy sauce. Has great potential but I would not go back.Pros: food was good! Drink specials 
Cons: took a long time to order, expensive for what you get. 9 dollars for a SMALL cup of guacamole. Also, we were Over charged on drinks and had to point it out to waiter. 
Overall, I would look somewhere else for Mexican foodWhat an amazing meal.  We were 2, and we each picked 4 tacos, 6 different ones, and empanadas.  I wish my stomach could fit more!  Great food, the favors, the freshness, the creativity.....wow!This is the place for high quality Mexican cuisine! It is a trendy spot with a great atmosphere. My date loved her margarita right off the bat next to seriously delicious and free chips (including a few fried plantains) and salsa. 
I had the carnitas burrito and she opted for the arroz con pollo. Her rice was fried with a bit of crunch, which she found to her delight. My burrito was fancier than I prefer but the heartiness and balance of flavors won me over. Both of us ate our fill. 
We were quoted a long wait time though it only wound up being five minutes. I suggest verifying the wait time with the host. I cannot wait to come back here!Wonderful meal great service!  Nice place to dine.  Corn and plantain chips were a treat.  Got a salad with rare tuna with a Mexican twist.  Good guac.  Definitely recommend Johnny Sanchez!!My boyfriend and I came here for dinner one night.
We had:
1. The chips/plaintains with the smoky salsa - very good and not spicy
2. Guacamole - nothing special.. could have used more lime, cilantro, etc.
3. NY Strip Fajita Platter - very yummy
4. Oyster taco
5. Carne asada taco
6. A couple margaritas/mezcal drinks.
Food was great although a little pricy for the small portions ($5-$6 for one taco). And the ambience was nice at first (as the place was empty) but when it started filling up, it got VERY loud - they turned down the lights and were playing "clubby" music very loudly in the background.. Felt like I was in a dive bar/crappy club with all the tables trying to talk over each other/ the noise.. If I were to visit again, I would definitely come back although probably try to come during lunch when it is quieter.Really disappointed in my experience here. First, we waited after our reservation time. Fine. Then they tried to seat us at the door, in the worst seat in the house, when there were other tables open. I asked for a different table, and they moved us 1 back, to the 2nd worst table in the house. Fine.
Then, the waitress came over 3 times in less than 10 minutes after we sat to ask if we were ready to order. CHILL OUT, girl. No, we're not ready. 
When we ordered, we asked if we should order by course to space it out and she said "no, I can do that for you, no need." 
So, I was shocked when our entrees arrived while we were STILL EATING OUR APPETIZERS! And, they saw that clearly, and didn't offer to hold them in the kitchen to keep them hot... So by the time we were ready for them, the tacos were cold. This is really inexcusable.
Additionally, when the guys ONE TABLE BEHIND US asked if they could order by course, the waitress said sure no problem. I'm sorry, but when I'm spending $75 on a taco dinner, I expect to be treated with the same decency as every other guest.
As for the food... I could've made better guacamole myself. Actually, the Guacamole at Chipotle is better than this...
The Brussels Sprouts salad was the best thing we got.
The tacos were good, but not blown away, by any means.
Really, I may have thought more highly of the food if the service wasn't SO abominably bad. Since the restaurant is new, maybe they're just getting used to running the place and working out kinks. I'll give that to them. But, their servers are going to have to step up their game.John Besh and Aaron Sanchez hit this one out of the park. The ying and yang decor reflects the two chefs personalities. The plantains were thin and crisp (the perfect consistency) and the housemade salsa had a delicious smokey flavor. The Drum Fish was so tender it cut through like butter. The Carne Asada tacos were a good mix of savory and spicy, and they served probably the best Mexican Street Corn I've tasted.The happy hour was great!! From 2pm-6pm. I had the street corn appetizer, we share guacamole and chapulines, the queso fundido and the crispy Brussels sprouts. Everything was super tasty, but my fav was the corn. It's not on the menu but it was delicious.Great service, but the food could be better.  It's almost impossible to find decent Mexican food in new Orleans. It's sad....I would kill for a proper taco, sadly this place is almost your best bet, unless you want to drive to Texas.Ok, at johnny sanchez we had the queso fundido to start. It was as expected,  cheesy with and earthiness from the chilis and a nice kick from the chorizo. Lunch was an assortment of tacos. We had shrimp,  pork belly and carne asada. The shrimp were fried nicely and were coated in a spicy sauce and topped with pickeld radishes. Very good. The pork belly is sous vided for a crazy long time and then fried to give it some crispness. It was accompanied by a pineapple salsa which was a bit too sweet for me. I was looking for the heat. The carne asada was the star of the show. Perfectly grilled to a medium temp. Topped off with jalapeño slices. De-freakin-lish is all I can say. The house marg was pretty darn good too.Excellent meal last night.  The salsas here are fantastic, as well as the guacamole.  Had the soft shell crab taco, which was to die for!   The black beans are the best I've ever had. The rice was so so.  Service was good and the ambience was very nice.    I will go back and highly recommend this restaurant.The service here is great. We ordered the meatballs to start and they are melt in your mouth fantastic. I had the crawfish enchiladas. I could barely finish half, it's that rich! It is a little pricey as its crawfish season currently but it was worth it. They pieces didn't taste muddy or salty, just fresh. The salsas they bring to start is very mild so use the habanero sauce at he table for a kick. We saw the happy hour menu which seems more reasonable, so give it a go before 6PM!I've only attended for happy hour, but let me say the happy hour is great!! I never enjoyed margaritas... until I tried these! And now I can't get enough with a pitcher! The happy hour tacos are also exceptionally delicious. The atmosphere is fun and the staff have always been very nice.We stumbled on this place for lunch. What a great stumble.... Food and service were excellent.
When they say you "feast with your eyes".... its not a lie.The food is beautiful to look at and on top of that delicious. We ordered hot small plates to share which was paired with Pacifico beer . An outstanding match! This is not the Mexican food I am use to. This is authentic, delicious Mexican food. Just wished they would open a Johnny Sanchez in Boston, where we are from.....!Flavorful refreshing drinks. Balanced tapas with fresh ingredients. Very nice eye drawing decor. All the tacos are recommended. Negative on not being able to order the specials after 2pm though.Cool space, creative drinks, and great food.  
After some time googling ingredients in drinks, we ordered and they were delicious.  The shrimp ceviche was wonderful and was served with plantain chips.
We ordered four taco varieties - the goat, steak, pork belly, and chorizo.  The goat was surprisingly my favorite of the bunch. 
Definitely recommended, but be aware of the loud atmosphere.Fantastic. I was in New Orleans for a few days for a conference and a friend recommended we visit Jonny Sanchez. I'm glad we took her advice. 
Margaritas were fantastic. Tacos were unbelievable. Chips and salsa were excellent. My burrito was just right, and I grew up on the border, so I've been spoiled by good Mexican food all my life. This was definitely good. Trendy and fun spot for dinner and drinks. Five stars.I was unable to fully enjoy the Johnny Sanchez experience because the service was so horrible. The food was delicious, but I did have a bad taste in my mouth thanks to our waitress, Tony. I'm not sure if she was having a bad day, or if she simply has zero business in the food industry. She was rude, inattentive, and very passive aggressive. I was there to celebrate my birthday, and it was definitely not the fun night I expected it to be. I can't stress enough how much her attitude affected the entire night, and our experience. I would love to return for the food, but I would not risk it for fear of having her as my waitress again. This is coming from someone who worked in the food service industry for years.I didn't take any photos of the food because I was excited about meeting Mr Sanchez. The food was unbelievable and the service was outstanding. Mr Sanchez made sure we were taking care of as well as his other guests the Brussels sprouts are by far my favorite since I never tried Brussels sprouts before. Also the cauliflower tacos were excellent. I would also try the  passion fruit margaritaWe went for happy hour and it was great. Half price drinks and $2 tacos. I tried all 4 tacos and they were all great. Our server was nice too. I'm excited to go back for dinner and try more stuff!Yeah too bad they didn't seat us with a group of 6 with a half open seated restaurant.  The jerk of a hostess was very rude. Too bad we were all foodies who are in town for a medical conference and willing to leave a big tip.  Unfortunately will not recommend this place to anybody due to customer service #chippyhostI was pretty happy with the taco choices but If I went back I'd definitely try some of the other items on the menu. Maybe try the special of the day. Wish there were more non-fried options for tacos as I expected when I ordered the Cauliflower. Service was good. Must be a New Orleans tradition to skip ice in drinks I suppose since It happened 3 times over the weekend at various places. Short on ice machines in NOLA? lol.This place came highly recommended, so my expectations were high up there.  It's super cute. The food was okay, I think my selection was the bad one because what my friend picked was delicious. That said, I still enjoyed my meal. it was just a tad richer than I expected. The decor and setup is so very beautiful I cannot get over it.
The service  was good although around 10minutes into the meal the waitress came to ask if we needed our food packed up.. felt a little like we were being  kicked out. Considering  the place was almost empty that was a little weird.