This is probably my favorite brunch spot in New Orleans. The atmosphere was relaxed and very inviting. The food was to die for. The Shrimp and Grits will make your taste buds go crazy ,the absolute beat I've ever had. You must check this place out.Came here for a girl's dinner party of 7 and I think 1/7 was satisfied with their meals. Despite everything on the menu sounding fantastic, things were not executed well at all. Fluffed up gastronomic talk for overly priced, terrible food. On top of that, once our waiter realized he wasn't getting another table for the night, we couldn't get ahold of him for 30+ minutes at a time. For example, dessert spoons were basically thrown in front of us with the assumption we would order dessert. 40 minutes later we were finally asked "something sweet?" To which we all replied "No!," and to which the waiter responded by disappearing once again, only for us to hunt down another table's waiter so we could finally pay our bill and get on with continuing our night elsewhere.  Don't waste your time here, there are so many more flawless New Orleans restaurants. And frankly, the Ace hotel's attitude is not what NOLA is at all about anyway.I had a couple of meals at this restaurant and loved the place. Their homemade pastas are divine and the sauces impeccable.  The fried okra was the best I've ever had.  The menu is very seasonal and when I was there I had a delightful watermelon salad.  I don't usually eat desserts but they had an ice cream I could not pass up.  I also I a gulf fish served on rice dinner that was cooked to perfection.  The atmosphere is gorgeous and the service is quite perfect.My wife took me here on a Friday for a birthday dinner.  Place is a little trendy, bar was crowded and music was bumping up front.  We asked for and got a table in the corner that was a little bit quieter.  Had a great Creole Apothecary cocktail to start; rye, bitters, ginger and more; sweet and spicy.  Apps were the meatballs (great sauce) and beet salad (beets and tomatoes were great, but wish the greens weren't fried).  Instead of mains we ordered 3 pastas; the wife loved the scarpanocc: kinda like a pumpkin ravioli with sage and walnuts.  The bucatini was my favorite; hollow spaghetti with a smoky/spicy sauce.  Also had a pork shoulder rigatoni which we
both enjoyed.  Dessert was a carrot and parsnip cake; the cake itself was yum- the plate was a little too busy, with candied roots, fried garnish, and more.  Overall a tasty and satisfying meal.  Will go back to eat more bucatini and other pastas I haven't tried yet.Had dinner here last night and absolutely loved it!    The endive salad and sweet potato appetizers were delish.   We ordered 3 pastas and all really good.  ONLY not the amatriana sauce is way way way to spicy and i love spicy.  Waiter was really great and so helpful.  My biggest compliment to him was we wanted a bottle of wine and he did not try to push something really expensive but fair priced and great.  Will absolutely be back!Cheese plate, very good. Meatballs were a little salty. The pasta with crawfish was delicious. Our waitress is wonderful! Her recommendations for wine and food were right on!Went here for the second time last night. First time it was me and my husband & last night we were with a party of 12. Service was phenomenal both times! Food was spectacular, we just wished our portion of the sweetbread pasta would have been bigger. Beautiful interior with a very trendy vibe. Pictures on here don't quite do it justice. We love having this place, Stumptown and Ace in our neighborhood. Huge upgrade!I am very grateful for any restaurant willing to try and work with me on a plant-based menu option. The hostess was very friendly and accommodating. However.... these two tiny little takeout portions - a small beet salad and a helping of pasta with sauce - were $30! And the pasta sauce was so incredibly over salted. It was nearly inedible.I recommend sticking strictly with the traditional Italian menu items only. The arancini  app was delectable. Cooked perfectly and full of flavor.  All pastas are house made.  The orecchiette pasta was so delicious, I couldn't get enough. It had just the right amount of spice and shrimp- the balance of flavor was spot on. Pork chop was ordinary.  The bed of beans the pork chop was presented should have been a stand alone dish.The food was good, but THE FLIES! EVERYWHERE! Biggest house flies I've ever seen and most annoying fruit flies. Made it hard to focus on the food, though, it did distract from the terribly slow, inattentive service.My husband and I chose Josephine Estelle for an early anniversary celebration while we were visiting NOLA.  We wanted a change from the southern/creole flavors we had enjoyed over the prior few days.
Really loved the decor and lighting.  Our server (whose name unfortunately escapes me) was extremely helpful in selecting a white wine which went with both of our entrees (which ended up being a perfect pairing) and he was very nice besides.
We had the Scarpinocc as a shared appetizer, and we both agreed we wanted another serving each as our entrees.  Delicious!  The orange accent was just the right touch.
I had the pompano as my entree, and my husband the cobia.  Both were terrific, though he agreed that, while he really enjoyed his dish (a new fish for him), my pompano was better.  We also had the roasted heirloom carrots as a side, and they were very tasty as well.
Dessert time: I had the Pumpkin mousse and he had the Peanut Butter Pie budino.  Both dishes were a perfect end note to a terrific meal.Disclaimer: only sat at the bar- restaurant looked great. Service was super slow, even though there were three bartenders working. Took 30 minutes to get two glasses of wine and although we mentioned we'd like to order food, we never saw our bartender again...so we left. Service bar and bar tables left full of empty glasses.  We had just come from seaworthy and it was quite the whiplash effect.Fancy place but service was slow and food was staggered too far apart. Tailored fit was the cocktail of the night. Not my favorite place in NOLAWe've eaten here twice.   Our first time was happy hour at the bar and we had a good experience.   We tried two of the happy hour pastas and they were both great.   My only happy hour complaint is no salad or bread was available.   The second time we went for dinner.   We tried a meatball appetizer which was quite good and we both had great pasta dishes again.  We saved a little room for dessert by boxing some pasta and found out that they do dessert as well as they do pasta.  Our only regret is that we will want to eat those same delicious pasta dishes again and won't be able to try other dishes on the menu or of we try other entrees we won't be able to have the pasta.   Can't wait to try some other desserts too.Just got back from an amazing meal here. Started with the snapper crudo. It was a flavor explosion. We shared the orecchiette with shrimp. Amazing! I was sorry I had to share it with my friend. I had the catch of the day which was a snapper. Again, excellent. My fiend had the soft shell crab. We finished with the peanut butter dessert. Fantastic. Our waiter recommended a great Greek Chardonnay that I would never have tried. It worked with everything we ordered. I would highly recommend Josephine Estelle.Food was solid
Meat and cheese plate particularly so
Octopus pasta was lovely
All of our issues were with service
Service was strange and slow to begin which was odd as we arrived at 6 and we're the second table in the place
All downhill from there unfortunately
Waiter basically disappeared for long chunks of time never to be seen again
He would then take a request or order and it would take forever to happen
Finally my birthday desert arrived 5 minutes after I finished my desert
A sad and tasteless Gelato served with a spite candle and less than zero fanfare
Adding confusion and sadness for my children who had organized
In a town full of great dining this joint dies not stack up at dinner for $275 with no love 
You can do better
Trust meThe chicken liver pate was one the of best things I've ever tasted in my life. My wife enjoyed her pasta dish and my steak was cooked to perfection and absolutely amazing. I did not think I would be able to finish the steak, it was so big, but my wife took a quite a few bites as she seemed to enjoy it also.Portions were a bit small but the food was delicious. Cacio pepe is a must have.Beautiful room in the terribly hip Ace Hotel serving well prepared food.  Had eaten in the owner's Memphis restaurant and this incarnation is more accessible and egalitarian.  Pastas were exquisite.I stumbled across this restaurant on my way to taking a date to Chophouse. We drive by and liked the way it looked. The large windows and golden hued lighting was inviting. This was Essence Weekend so finding a good restaurant was not easy. We walked in and the music was so loud we almost turned around and walked out. However they sat us by the kitchen and we had a really nice time. The food was good, price commensurate and the drink menu satisfactory. The wait staff was great and since I faced the kitchen, I enjoyed glancing over and noticed the sous chef were having a great time too. It was a very nice experience. Keep it up! I will go back.Awful service. The man working front of house was rude and just terribly unpleasant to deal with. You would think someone in the service industry would be more focused on service...
We cancelled our reservation and left immediately to eat somewhere else.I came here tonight with some friends. This was my third time here and I think the best experience I have had here thus far. We ordered the fusilli, the bucatini, the fall pasta (wasn't called that on the menu but it was mini raviolis with nuts, pumpkin, and brown butter sauce), and another pasta dish with mushrooms and truffle oil. For apps we did the beets and the meat and cheese plate. The apps were great. I also really enjoyed the pasta dishes, all were tasty but we thought the pasta could have been cooked a bit more, more "al dente" style. My friend really enjoyed his cocktails. We also got the peanut butter dessert. It was just ok. I love the decor of this place and the service was good.My food was overly salty...Saltiest pasta I've ever had.  The combo I had for dinner was also not if my liking.  I don't think the pairings were complimentary.Amazing meal. Slightly pretentious but I'll give them a bit of slack   Definitely returning  
Wonderful atmosphere and foodIf I had a chance I would not give any stars!
The ambiance and decoration is really nice, so when you enter you feel like you'll have a nice meal...... We came to New Orleans from New York for the weekend and 
I found this place because of the good reviews on the Yelp and suprised my husband on our holiday's first dinner, it was a bad suprise with $110 check and really bad food and service.
We ordered diet coke for a drink (which was premix and tastes disgusting) and ordered oysters (buttered but smell awful) and shelled jumbo shrimps( I can understand it is shelled but I dont get the idea of bringing the huge shrimps with legs and eyes on it- it was like trying to eat huge cockroach) anyway we also ordered (soggy)french fries like we foresaw our main courses were going to be worst.
Our main courses were swordfish with cabbage and radish (I asked the waiter to change the sides with mushroom and asparagus which caused him to make me pay much more by entering the dish to the check as Scallops!!!!) anyway it took them 1 hour to bring our main courses, after 45 minutes of wait -without any explanation from our waiter Mike- I asked him and he said it will take 10 more minutes because swordfish is a thick fish :)))) of course he can not know that I am a chef and he can come with such a nonsense reason, however Mike there is no fish fillet that can be cooked more than 30 minutes unless it is a WHALE! 
Oh by the way, I did not eat my dish after a bite and our waiter did not even ask about it, but when it is time to get the check, they are so interested about eveything about your experience (!) for the tip!
As I see the open kitchen whole time of our wait for the main courses; the kitchen staff is a bit slow and inexperienced young chefs. 
I think the restaurant is so nice that it deserves a much much better menu with options(with better grammar by the way) and trained staff!
Do not even spend a penny here and go have a much better meal at anywhere else!We ate at Josephine Estelle twice while staying at the fabulous Ace Hotel. (See seperate review for hotel) JE is delicious! Decor is classic New Orleans bistro-ish with a modern twist. Deep greens, golds, tile floors, brass rails, leather banquettes, marble, you get the idea...
The first night we walked in fairly early and grabbed a seat at the bar without a reservation. The bar back had who had on a baseball jersey that night didn't seem particularly glad to be there but our main bartender was delightful, attentive and offered great suggestions.
We started with the tuna ceviche and fried cheese. The tuna ceviche on a bed of Bibb lettuce is recurring dream worthy. Fried cheese is good and a little spicy. 
My Linde Gin cocktail concoction with a bit of sage was inventive and very refreshing. 
For dinner, I stuck to the status quo Ribeye which was cooked perfectly and I polished off the rest for my breakfast the next morning. In other words, it was a decent size. My daughter enjoyed the Gorgonzola gnocchi so much she ordered it for dinner the next night. Hands down, the best gnocchi I've ever tasted. Buttery soft and creamy and a perfect portion to not over eat.
We enjoyed the peanut butter pie which was obscenely decadent. 
The next night we had to try the meatballs which I could have eaten two orders. Incredible. We tried the occhielli AND the rigatoni pastas too! Both were excellent. I had soft shell crab which was lightly fried to perfection and the radishes and fava beans complimented it beautifully.
Our service the second night was great until our waiter got seated a 4 top and a 10 top next to us. Then it really slowed down. He was nice though and very apologetic about our waiting.
All in all, really good food and I'll go back!This place is top notch! We ate there during Jazzfest expecting things to be crazy. It was so professional. Food was beyond our expectations.This place is awesome!  I had snapper sushi which was phenomenal and the sweetbreads which were amazing. I also had the brussel sprouts and the beets which were very fresh and so tasty!
     This is a very hip and trendy place being in the Ace Hotel.  It's a fun fresh vibe and I loved it!  I can't wait to go back!Not really sure what all these bad reviews are about.  Service was great.  All the servers were super friendly.  And it was Friday night. The angolotti pasta with sweet breads was my favorite.First off we stumbled upon this place during happy hour- which made it a steal! My husband and I both ordered the cocktail called Dark and Stormy.  It was superb! Then came what i think is the most delicious thing I've ever eaten: their sunchoke starter.  Our very nice and knowledgeable waitress told us (when we asked how this magic happened) that they boil, compress, then fry the sunchokes to get this amazing texture and flavor.  They are din a dish with creme fraise, dill, and sunchoke crisps.  Perfect balance.  And I love that it's not something I can really reproduce at home.  We tried 2 of their pasta dishes- all their pastas are house made.  Both were excellent! Can't wait to return!Delicious food, gorgeous atmosphere. We tried the duck, the crudo, greens and pasta. Had the quiche for breakfast- all outstanding. The High Priestess cocktail is unbelievable.If you're around the area and want to grab a few drinks before starting your night. I'd recommend coming here. 
Located under the ACE hotel, this place was HUGE. The bar was designed very beautifully and the drinks were amazing. 
Had my first Sazerac here and it was ****strong****. 
The place is dimly lit and had such an intimate vibe.Treat yourself to Josephine Estelle! My boyfriend and I stayed at the ACE for Christmas and had brunch and dinner here. It was that good! While the place was full, our service was excellent and the food fantastic. We did not have reservations but they worked to fit us in and Chris at the bar made our night (and fabulous drinks!) while we waited. Thank you!Walked by the Ace Hotel and this gem of a restaurant caught my eye so the wife and I decided to pop in for a spur of the moment dinner and drink.  First of all the design of this restaurant is stunning.  Beautiful Art Deco finishes, comfortable chairs and booths.  Plenty of elbow room to spread out and awesome sight lines into the kitchen.
We started with some drinks, I had a mezcal cocktail that was perfectly balanced.  Cocktails were definitely on point.  Wife had red wine by the glass.  She was impressed with their list and happy with the price points.  
Food wise we started with the Meatballs and Crudo.  Meatballs did not disappoint rich flavor and not to greasy or dry.  Crudo was almost perfect, hazelnuts, brown butter and sunchokes.  Mediterranean flavor elevates what has become a staple almost every fine dinning place in the country.  Wouldn't pass either of these two dishes up if I was there.
As if I wasn't happy already, the pampano was simply awesome.  I devoured it so fast I don't even remember eating it.  My wife was a little mad at me because I didn't even save her a bite I loved it so much.
I haven't talked about the service yet and there is a reason for that.  The server we had was prompt and polite.  She seemed to know exactly when we need refills on our cocktails and waters.  Our entrees came out almost exactly after they had cleared our apps.  It's the little things that add up to make a great experience and the unobtrusive and perfectly timed service was what put this place over the top.  
I will be coming back when I am back in New Orleans again.  In fact I may just stay at the Ace so I don't have to travel further than an elevator to get here.Liked a lot about thus place. The ambiance is wonderful. It has a nice 1920's art deco vibe to it. The drinks were pretty good. The food was also good. Went with a group of 4. Had the following: crudo, watermelon salad, peppers and a salad with burrata. All of the appetizers were amazing. The crudo was delicious and fresh, the burrata was creamy and flavorful, the watermelon and prosciutto was quite possibly the best thing we ate all night. For dinner we had  a pesto pasta with duck confit, rigatoni with meat ragu, ribeye and blackened grouper. These were all really good too, especially the ribeye and rigatoni. The ribeye was perfectly cooked and the rigatoni had a nice well rounded flavor with a little spice on the back end. The only thing keeping this from a 5 star is the service. It was good, don't get me wrong, but it wasnt exemplary. for the amount we spent, i would expect amazing service. the food was wonderful.Two things in life I love in the food department.  1 is burgers and the 2nd is Pancakes. 
Today I discovered the best pancakes I've ever had. 
I want this recipe so bad. I'll be coming back again and again.  
Cheers to the best pancakesWent there 3.18.16. Good pasta dishes. Salads were fresh and delicious.  Great looking place. It was packed but the service was great. Great addition to the New Orleans dining scene.  Excellent Italian food.i really loved this place until we had a terrible larger group experience. we had 12 with us and when we tried to book a reservation they made it sound like it wasn't possible but when we arrived the place was empty...like literally no one. and we sit down and they hand us specially prepared menus aka "we put all of the same entrees but way more expensive". so we were forced to order group dishes and wait for subpar service for over 2 hours. then when we tipped we left 15% since the service wasn't great and we went to the bar next door. after sitting there the server comes running over and throws our cash at us and says "oh we forgot to include gratuity, you owe more!" and we were like wait what...and he complained about the tip and said we had to pay gratuity and that they weren't use to big parties which is why they missed it...even though we all had settled and closed out. when i spoke to the manager she was less than polite and said she "didn't need" what i was telling her. which is when i left the money we owed and promised to never offer our business again. i get that the ace is hip, but hire industry professionals. not rude hipsters please. y'all charge way too much for it.This review is based solely on MY experience. Went for lunch yesterday- on Saturday around 1:30pm. I was so excited bc several people raved about it as well as the obvious aesthetic factors that bring people in. 
We walk in and approach the hostess who looks up, cocks her head and DOESN'T SAY A WORD. She just stares at us. WTF? So I ask, "Can we get a table for two?" Maybe I'm expecting too much but one would think the hostess would welcome/greet patrons and not  treat them as if they are a nuisance. As if we have to apologize for wanting to eat here. Moving on!
So the place in practically empty and we get sandwiched in between the register/POS system thing and a group of four older patrons. It felt cramped being next to this wall with the POS system. So I ask if we can sit at another table since it appears that 90% of the place is open. The hostess looks around and mumbles something like "um, well I just sat her there..." We point out one of several two tops along the window so we follow her to our new table where she sets the menus down and walks off without looking at us or saying anything. I just don't get this kind of attitude. It's unacceptable. So just to recap, the only thing the HOSTESS said during our entire interaction with her was when she mumbled "um, well I just sat her there" and I'm not even sure if she was talking to us or thinking out loud. The only reason I didn't leave was because I was hungry and it was raining outside. I was willing to put up with a little abuse. 
I just wish the food would have compensated for our shitty encounter with the hostess. Ordered the Blue Sammy- chewy bagel and tough flat iron steak. Would not order or recommend. Shrimp and grits were good. If I do go back, I'll try a pasta dish.Had dinner there last night and the food wasn't good. The meat and cheese plate was skimpy and the NY strip was terrible. They need to spend less time on a hipster atmosphere and more time on preparing the food. One star because the atmosphere and waitress were nice. Other than that there are too many great places in New Orleans to eat than to waste time/money there.Cool spot in the new Ace Hotel. Amazing food but poor service. 
We were A table of 7 and had polished off 5 shared appetizers before receiving wine for the table. The wine(white) we watched sitting out on the waiter stand for 10minutes before I asked another waitress to serve us. 
Highlights
-crudo
-peanut butter pie dessertAppetizers were great! My entrée (scallops) were slightly under cooked and the morels that came with them were not cleaned properly (super dirty and crunchy). Peanut butter pie was delicious. A bit on the pricey side. I'd go back for a few drinks and appetizers.I didn't like being asked to leave so another table could sit. Found that to be highly rude. Drinks took too long to get to the table because the bar was "backed up." The food was great.This place was amazing... The snapper credo was one of the best dishes I've ever had. Great service... 5 stars all around!!!We went for lunch at Josephine Estelle because we were attending the Emerge Summit at the Ace Hotel. The first thing that caught our eyes was the $1 cocktails during lunch! Yes, please! We each got a martini, and they were great. My two friends each got the burger and enjoyed it. I got the Canestri, and it was pretty tasty. I wish there was a little more sauce, but that was my only complaint. It was the perfect amount for lunch, and the prices were reasonable. If it was closer, I'd definitely be taking them up on the $1 lunch drinks more often!I was technically there right after they switched from breakfast to lunch but I had my heart so set on their chicken biscuit that our waiter was kind of enough to let me get breakfast! The chicken biscuit was great, in general the food is a little overpriced- or at least the orange juice is(I could've bought two large jugs from a grocery store at their price). It's a very cute atmosphere though and walkable from the French quarter if the weather is decent!My husband and I stayed at the ACE hotel and decided to check this place out for lunch!! Wow the food was great!! My husband had the soft-shell crab po'boy. He loved both! It came with fries, which were good too! I though the fries could use a little more flavor. I had the Mafalde and omg wow! It was delicious! The noodles were great, like the ridged side of a lasagne noodle. And the sauce!! A little spicy but so much flavor!! What a great dining experience!I have mixed feelings on this restaurant.  I think that the food is excellent, but a little expensive.  Not too expensive, but enough to make you think about whether it is worth it.  However, after visiting three times, I cannot get over the slowness of the service.  On a recent night our drink orders took 15-20 minutes, and when some people at the table asked for extra cheese with their dish, it came out 20-25 minutes later.  We had a large party of 6 people, and so bringing all of our meals at once is hard (though not impossible).  I accept that wait staff will make 2-3 trips sometimes.  But one diner at our table did not get a pasta dish for 15 minutes after the rest of us did.  
The food was excellent.  The pasta is perfectly cooked and the sauces are well done and not overpowering.  The steaks are perfectly cooked, and the seasonal vegetables are perfect.  I just would like for the service to step up its game so that it can be a better experience.Meatballs and Ribeye are awesome, as are the deserts... Cool place to go and eat and hang out...I loved this place - gorgeous dining room, fantastic atmosphere, and cool staff. The food is really tasty, very generous portions. I will go back without hesitation.Wasn't really impressed until the pastas came. They were great. Portions a bit too large...couldn't order dessert even though I was intrigued by the pavlova.We liked the atmosphere in here, it seems fancy. Which should also hint us at fancy portions - as in small! I had the small portion of tortellini which  consists of eight tiny tortellini. The waiter had  said it would be a good size for one person. Maybe he meant for a small person like me. To be fair, when we mentioned the small portion, he offered us a free dessert, but we had set our minds on beignets somewhere else already. He did bring us bread though to fill up a little more.
We also had the meatballs as an appetizer which were good, but nothing special. The hubby had the swordfish which he liked. The presentation was great!
Overall, somewhat disappointed.The waiters are utter dum-dums. Asked if they had any specials and the guy says "What specials?" I said, "Dinner specials? Drink specials? Happy hour specials?" He said "No, we don't have any specials." Well, the person next to me had sat down before me, and a different waiter had given him a menu with happy hour specials on it. So they did have specials. Puzzling behavior. Waiters need to be better informed. If they don't  know, then don't make the customer feel like an idiot; say "I'll be happy to find out for you."
Food was okay. Had the happy hour special, bucatini amatriciana, which was porky, smoky and spicy. It was pretty good but so rich. The meatballs were delicious. French fries were good. Dessert was fascinating, some type of meringue with sesame cream.  No real reason to go back, though.So Shari V and I have been wanting to try Josephine Estelle.  I've seen mixed reviews from totally respectable yelpers.  Menu looked great, so we hit it up for a Friday night date night.
Our server was Pearl.  Let me say, he was refreshing and awesome.  He introduced himself and more importantly, he introduced the restaurant and told us the general theme of the fare.  He gave us some tips on navigating the menu.  Not too difficult, but it helps a first time diner get oriented.  Outside of this great first impression, Pearl continued to provide strong service throughout the meal.  We were really happy with the him.  The service stood out.  5 stars.
For starters, we ordered a beet & stracciatella salad, sformato (I had no idea what this was) and french fries.  The fries are a side that we asked for as an app.   No big deal.  The apps were excellent.  Each bite got us more excited about the coming dishes.  I thought the fries were some of the best french fries I've ever had.  I didn't ask about the details, but they were surely made in-house, likely brined and served with a tasty aioli sauce.  With regards to the sformato, I still have no idea what it was, but it tastes good.  That's important.
Second dish was the Canestri.  Simple creamy sauce with cheese and pepper.  The chef really has to be good to make this dish tasty.  No bold flavors to hide mediocrity.  Josephine passed with flying colors.  We thought the pasta was cooked perfectly and the sauce was delicious.  
Our split entree was the lamb.  The lamb was good, but only good whenever all the previous dishes have been outstanding.  It was just a bunch of shredded lamb meat.  It was tender, but I thought lacked any marbling to have some much needed flavor.  I tasted mostly salt.  Overall, it gets a 3/5.
I'm not surprised to see the mixed reviews having eaten here.  It seems like the entrees are hit or miss.  However, I fully intend on a repeat dinner.  The apps were so strong.  This place has huge potential.  Next time, I'd like to order either the porterhouse (beast of a steak) or the duck.Something about this restaurant just screams "old world 50's glamour". The decor is modern, yet has a retro feel, the atmosphere is upscale and the vibe is hip.
We were here with a group of 8 for dinner on a Friday night at 8:30. Reservations had been made, so once the entire party had arrived we were seated pretty quickly. I had already glanced at reviews of this spot, so I already had in mind what I was going to order.
We started with an order of meatballs and for my entree I decided to get the Pompano, after reading raves about it. It came with an assorted greens salad on the side. I also got a side of fries. The meatballs were really good- they had a lot of flavor, even though I only had one. I could have definitely eaten all of them if I didn't have a lot of food coming. The Pompano was excellent- it was light with a lot of flavor. I think that the sauce it came with was made from pumpkin and it was just delicious. The side salad was okay, but nothing overly special. The fries were excellent and came with aioli on the side for dipping.
My one small complaint was I wish that the waitress had been a little more attentive to our side of the table. She seemed to be mainly focusing on the other side and it was hard to hear her over the noise in the restaurant. She became more mindful of our little group after we said something, but it took her a minute to get us drinks and fill us in on the menu.
I really liked everything here and this is a great place for celebrating a special occasion or just having a nice date. The proximity to the bar at the Ace Hotel also makes it a really cool place to eat and get drinks.The food was excellent, four or five stars, but the service was awful. We had to wait thirty minutes for our reserved table, and it took an additional fifteen minutes for our drinks order to be taken. The entrees all came out at different times, making it awkward for a party of six, and the wine was late, coming after the dinners were served. Our server was pleasant, but they are obviously understaffed, and for the price we paid the level of service was unacceptance. Service one star, food four or five, average three stars for the dining experience.We ate at Josephine Estelle when it first opened over a year ago and enjoyed the food a lot. The return trip was disastrous because of brutally poor service and only middling food. We went the evening of Thanksgiving, after having our Thanksgiving meal at midday, and were disappointed that the only menu was a prix fixe with the only choice being between fish and turkey for your entree. Only two or three of the usual Italian items were  available on a supplemental menu. That's at least partly my fault, since I could have checked to see if the menu was limited in advance. What wasn't my fault was the incredibly slow and lackluster service. It took over 90 minutes before the entrees were served, and for a solid hour all we were given was a mediocre salad.  It's mystifying how service could be slow with such a stripped down menu. The the turkey and fish entrees when they finally arrived were bland. The pasta dishes we did get were decent. All in all an extremely disappointing experience. I will not return.Ambiance is really great and fun decor. Chicken biscuit was great and the breakfast sandwich was good but you could get it anywhere. Fun for a drink but there's so much good food in New Orleans, you could go elsewhere if you don't have much time.The restaurant is airy and modern. The service was disorganized and erratic. Some wait ataff was professional, some not. The JE  salad we ordered was excellent..the parmesan souffle had what tasted like not fresh crabmeat ( not lump as advertised but small shreds) the " souffle was a tasteless  type of flan. We didnt even eat half. Two minutes after the salad and parmesan souffle arrive that we were suppose to try and share, the three pasta dishes we orderd came out.....so we sent back two to eat after we had the opportunity to finish the first course. The three dishes of pasta were small and are suppose to be for sharing...we were three people...that would have given us each a bite and a half of two of them...the short  rib pasta had enough to share and was tasty. The tomato, spinach was nice but nothing special...as was the crab that supposedly had mint and fennel..neither of which I tasted. The pastas were all homemade and good...it was the execution that was mediocre for two out of three. We then ordered two desserts..the peanut butter desssert was quite good and pretty..the white chocolate dessert was nicely presented but tasteless. 
As mentionned in other reviews, the wait staff is young and hip...and not well trained though friendly and nice.
New Orleans is a mecca for food..JE will have to step it up  a few notches if it wants to succeed in NOLA.I love the atmosphere, what some consider loud I consider lively. 
The food was tasty, enjoyable, excellent portions. 5 of us ordered family style and split the plates. 
Italian wine was excellent, good selection. 
The Pasta was quite delicious. 
Definitely will go back again.Beautiful restaurant in the Ace Hotel. My sister and I visited for dinner on a Monday evening. We found the service to be very attentive. The dishes that we ordered worked well for sharing. Based on previous reviews we had the Snapper Crudo. It was tasty, but I did not feel it held up to the hype. We also shared a side of beets that were extremely tasty. Our favorites were the watermelon salad and the Gulf Fish. The corn maque shoe with fava beans were outstanding. I wanted to pick up the bowl and drink the goodness!  Josephine Estelle is definitely on my list of places to visit again.Do not write this place off just because it's in a hotel. Everything was fantastic!!! I was having dinner alone (party of 1, no I don't want to sit at the bar) and did not suffer anything! Service was attentive but no annoying, food was fresh and appropriately proportioned. I ordered the Nettle Toast and Campanella (small) and was pleasantly full at the end of the meal. I appreciate how fresh and light the ingredients were and how patient the wait staff was with my questions.  Bottom line, GO HERE!!!!Went around 7 on a Sunday night. I would say the atmosphere is "trendy" but what Ace hotels are known for. We had the tuna ceviche appetizer which wasn't my favorite & Tuna is my favorite meal. Something was missing. I had the scallops & my friend had the veal, both which were amazing. We ate every bite. Service was good. I can't say I'll be rushing back but definitely worth trying again.Cool looking place, love the look of it.  My hubby and I ordered the agnolotti which was undercooked and had cheese that had started to turn on it.  I'm a huge fan of aged cheeses but this one had definitely gone bad so we sent it back.  It is worth noting that the portions are TINY, we did the math and it was $2 a noodle for the rotten cheese pasta.  We also got the broccoli rabe which was just ok.  Seemed strange that the broccoli rabe had Asian seasonings at an Italian restaurant, definitely not what we were expecting.  Service was ok but a little "too cool for school" for my taste.  One of the servers was prancing around half naked which I found to be a bit distasteful as well,  I usually don't order side boob with my Italian food and pretty sure her outfit broke most health code regulations.  I really wanted to like this place but it fell short for both my husband and I.I just don't get the 1 and 3 stars reviews.  Dined here on 8/8/18 for my anniversary and had the same ribeye that somebody panned.  Yes, it had fat.  Its a ribeye!  You don't like fat in your steak...go somewhere where there is a filet.  The veggies on top and bottom were out of this world.  Better than the steak.
We got there at 7PM and the fire alarm went false alarm and we had to evacuate to the outside.  No problem...served us drinks while we waited out on the sidewalk.  Sat back down and ordered a meat plate.  Great.  Ordered a bottle of wine.  Great.  The table of four split an oyster plate and a bowl of ravioli.  Main course...two people had softshell crabs and the third had striped bass.  Three rounds of deserts, coffee and after dinner drinks.  A great meal.  Service was great from our main waiter to the support servers.  I even asked for a glass of   red wine to drink with my steak.  Waiter brought out two reds, poured a sample of each and had me choose.  That is service.
Again, surprised at negative comments.  The waiters may be funky and have tatoos out the wazoo, and man pony tails...at the end of the night...this was a fabulous meal.Horrible service, small portions, took us three hours to get our food. It's downtown New Orleans, find somewhere better. Literally anywhere elsa....Stopped in for lunch with a friend as we kicked off our year of indulgent behavior with a Friday of progressive drinking. The restaurant has a great 1950's art deco Miami vibe to it that really sets it apart form anything else in the city. 
As this was a progressive day of drinking we started with cocktails of which I can't remember the names but one was a tequila drink the other a mezcal drink and both were delicious. 
For lunch we ordered the Iceberg Salad and the meatballs. The salad was creamy and packed with shrimp and crab, definitely enough for two people. The meatballs were mouthwatering good!!!! 
To close we had the peanut butter pie I wish they sold this by the gallon and I could just have it at home all the time. 
Will for sure return to try everything else on the menu.Let me start with the absolutely beautiful decor. It quickly puts you in a great mindset. The service was top-notch and the food was great. The absolute star was the dessert. I order the peanut butter budino and I must admit it was probably the best dessert I've ever had. It's a must-try.It's located at the new Ace Hotel and is super cute. I was really expecting a lot from this place, even though I don't know why since it's brand-spanking new. I won't say I was disappointed, but I wasn't about to run home and tell everyone to try this place.
I came with 8 other people, so we ordered a few appetizers to share.
JE Salad ($12) - Would never get again. Would never recommend to anyone. Just wasn't my type of salad. I don't even really know if I could call this a salad. Wish I took a picture for y'all to see. 
Tuna ceviche ($14) - Probably my favorite appetizer of the night. It comes in threes. It tasted really fresh and had a peanutty taste to it. 
Meatballs ($12) - Also comes in threes. Everyone at the table LOVED this. I wasn't expecting much. Just meatballs, right? I don't know what they put in it, but our table could not stop talking about them. The marinara it came with was light and just so good. I wish we got another order of meatballs instead of the salad. Lol.
Arancini ($10) - Our server recommended this to us. It was like stuffed rice balls with cheese. I wasn't a fan. There were three to an order as well and I believe we still had two left when the dishes were being taken away.
For my entree, I ordered the Wagyu Ribeye ($28). I like my steaks rare. When it came out, I'm pretty sure it was moo-ing. Which in my eyes, is perfection. So, no complaints there! It was seasoned well and was HUGE. Definitely worth the money.
Scallops ($26) - cooked to perfection. 
Gemelli ($13) - just had one bite of it. But that one bite was enough. I thought it was a little bland, but the person who ordered it, devoured it. So, I guess it couldn't have been that bad.
Blueberry crostata ($8) - I don't know what I expected it to be, but it was just kinda weird. Not that good. Their pb pie budino ($8) though... Omg. It was heaven in a cup. Very rich in flavor. 
I read some reviews that said the portions are really small. I think for the quality and price, most items were the perfect sized portions. I would probably come back for drinks because it was really such a cute place, but I did leave feeling underwhelmed even though you probably couldn't tell from my review. Ha.I stayed at this hotel (The Ace) and had two delicious brunches at this place. First a very reasonable priced and delicious croissant breakfast sandwich with a great spicy bloody mary, then the second day we all got the croque madame since we missed the breakfast/brunch hour. The service was very helpful and attentive and not overbearing. The only comment I would add is that I wish they had more breakfast/brunch items on the menu on all days since that really limited our options.Food was ok. Service was lacking. The server seemed to have tables all over the place. Our food took forever and our drinks were empty most of the time. It took over 2 hours to eat our meal.Amazing service, delicious drinks, and spectacular food. We had a long list of items on the menu and none disappointed. We have been to Andrew Michael before and we enjoy Josephine Estelle just as much (saying a lot as AM is my favorite restaurant in Memphis). Looking forward to my next trip to New Orleans so I can get back to this spot!Dined with friends and we did a great deal of sharing. The starters were excellent. None of us chose salad so cannot give opinion on salads. We did share a number of pastas. The taste of the cream sauce was excellent but the Rigatoni was very very salty. It was close to not edible. The trout dish was excellent but the steak presentation was odd, we enjoyed the steak itself (though slightly over cooked) but not with salad cooked on top of it. Not one for the true steak lover but definitely not bad. The dessert was also good. We especially enjoyed the peanut butter pie-pudding. We did not have wine but enjoyed several cocktails. The drinks were well made SMS fresh ingredients. On the whole, I'd like to go back for some more of the pasta dishes.We went on a Thursday night.  The restaurant was about a half to 2/3 filled for the 21/2 hours we were there.  There has been an incredible amount of hype on the Chefs behind this restaurant.  Our expectations were crazy high, so maybe we were over reacting in our disappointment.
 The atmosphere of this restaurant is comfortable, cool and creative.  A great place to hang out and drink!
Our server, Erin. was superior.  She understood the food and genuinely seemed to love the place she works.  She had a grip on the wine list. Erin was the best thing about the meal.
When perusing the menu I was surprised that nothing really caught my attention let alone tempted me.  When my friend arrived we studied the menu like students trying to find something we really wanted.  We settled on 2 appetizers and a pasta to share with plans to go on to a shared entree. 
We started with the tuna ceviche.  Nothing wrong with this... nothing special.  This was not a typical ceviche, rather there were three little boats of boston lettuce shells filled with a sort of melange of lettuce, marinaded tuna, cilantro and jalapeño. The great advantage  this dish had was that it was so much better than our other appetizer choice...
Fried Cheese, this was a weird little circle of tasteless cheese , proscuitto, apple butter . Unpleasant in texture, bland in flavor...  When  two people sharing a 4 inch circle of cheese leave half of it something went very wrong.
The selection of entrees seemed strange and for me weird.  I do not eat beef so that was not an option.  However the people next to us ordered the steak and were very happy with it. 
I am looking for a new Italian restaurant so we shared a pasta. The bucatini was cooked to perfection.  The red sauce which had a pork base and chili oil was just okay.  We shared, leaving a third of the Pasta in the bowl.  We stopped ordering at that point.
This a cool place, with a great attitude , the food is supposed to be italian with a Southern Twist.  We did not get that. We left hungry, nothing really "hit he spot".  Josephine Estelle just opened, I will go back because it is a congenial space , the staff is great and I there is so much sincerity at play I will try the food again in the future, especially if the menu starts to change.Horrible experience! Very unaccommodating and rude. Staff acted like we were inconvenience. Great food tho! Did not feel welcomed :(Solid. Came for brunch. Fairly standard brunch menu but well executed. The service was good and the room is very nice. I liked the coffee a lot.  Not a bad choice for brunch.The meals are designed for three course so the portions are small. I wasn't willing to pay 70 dollars on a meal so I just ordered one pasta. It had rabbit in it. It was well prepared, the rabbit was soft And the meal was very delicious. Next time I'm in New Orleans I'll come back.This is a fabulous place for a New Orleans twist on classic Italian food. The dish with peas and rabbit was amazingly refreshing. I loved the pasta with pork shoulder and a home made red sauce. The cocktail list was always strong and the overall ambiance of the restaurant was phenomenal. It is a great place for a romantic date, and the decor is classy, retro, and always a point of conversation.Enjoyed Breakfast here!  There wasn't seating in restaurant but full service in bar area which was great!  We were waited on promptly ! We ordered breakfast Sammy which was delicious and friend ordered the oatmeal which was good too!Josephine Estelle's is a great restaurant and the food is always exceptional and Meegan is the best waitress.  Make sure you ask for Meegan when you go.  She is awesomeWe stopped here right after the lunch rush, but in a hurry to make an afternoon meeting. The place was amazing. 
Beautiful atmosphere 
Great staff
Manager Steven Rogers was fabulous - went above and beyond to get our food in a rush and helped with dinner recommendations and food selections (he had charm and class!)
Food...... excellent!!!!  Oh my gosh sooooo good. 
Come here. You won't be disappointed. 
And clean restrooms!!Had a great experience here today. My husband and I are from Los Angeles and visiting for the weekend for a friend's wedding. Hubby had a haircut appointment 30 minutes later next door and we were hungry so popped in the Ace Hotel lobby and got a seat immediately at the bar. There an adorable red-head bartender served us coffee and an incredible breakfast of poached eggs over braised pork for me, he had the chicken biscuit. Biscuit was literally the most beautiful and best breakfast sandwich ever created. Eggs and hollandaise was incredible too. No regrets. Coffee was mediocre at best and not piping hot either but we did order coffee at a bar so I'm sure it had to travel a little far from the brewer. We were in and out in under 30 min and had time to make his appointment -- nicely full and set for the day. Would highly recommend.Went here for a friend's birthday. There were about 10 of us. The birthday girl sent back her entree because it was too salty, said it was inedible. 
The portions are very small. I get you're supposed to get a four course meal but it's so expensive that you'd be paying $100 plus if you did that! For one person! 
The pompano was excellent and so was the quail salad! I tried my friend's pasta dish after they brought it back and it was very delicious. Desserts were okay. Nothing to rave about. 
If you come here and want to leave full, you're going to be spending lots and lots of moola!Food was pretty good, but didn't get anything that was that memorable except the crudo appetizer. It is a tad pricey, but has a very cool vibe and atmosphere.The small plates, appetizers, and sides really shine here. The cocktails too. Bread basket was delicious. The main dishes not so much. The meat cheese board was outstanding. The microscopic snapper flecks on brown butter melted in my mouth. The brussels sprouts, delish. I regretted ending with the roasted chicken which was ok after the huge high from the beginning of the meal. Husband was also underwhelmed with his dinner plate choice. Next time will order at least two of the snapper appetizer as a main.Really great tasting food wish the portions where a little larger. Other than that it was great.  Make a reservation, we didn't have one and had to sit outside.Brunch review - Sunday before home Saints game. I'll keep this short and sweet, the service was horrendous. They kept blaming it on craziness and of the home game crowd, but truthfully the place wasn't even full. It took over an hour for them to get us pancakes and eggs. About 45 minutes in they could tell we were frustrated, and tried to offer us pastries as "snacks" to hold us over. We politely declined and said we'd rather then just bring us our food. Luckily they comped our meal, but waiting over an hour for mediocre food wasn't worth the scene. We are locals to the neighborhood and won't be returning. Go down the block to Balise for good food and Nola hospitalityMissed opportunity
I'm from New York and stay at the Ace when I'm here for business every-time. Love the Hotel but the  restaurant just does not live up. 
They've got everything else right. Stumptown check. Bar in hotel. Check. They just need to get the food up to the same value.Some friends and I did brunch here yesterday. The staff was super friendly the beautiful hostess was very accoodating. 
The food though...YES. I had the BBQ shrimp and grits and it was perfect. I also had the Crab cake app and that was good as well. The live band there just made entire experience really nice.I went today to eat diner with my husband and my 17 month old baby. The hostess gave us a smaller table and we kindly ask for a bigger table since I know my child will try to grab everything in the table. The hostess then made a face when he switch us to a bigger table. While I was trying to set up the table he brings the highchair we requested and tells me I still don't understand WHY you guys need  a bigger table. You have to be kidding me ? The restaurant was empty. I thought it was completely rude and unprofessional from his part to said to me and I am seven and half months pregnant. Sad part of this experience is we used to come here all the time and now I know not to come.This was a gigantic miss!!! My gut told me when they give you 1000 points on open table to go there that it's probably struggling. I'm not sure if they were struggling but it was not good. The male host wore a dress with calf high black socks and black shoes. The female host us were a lovely skirt and top with combat boots. Most of the staff also wear combat boots. It was offputting. The ambience of the restaurant was lovely of very nice dining atmosphere. I even found a spot that had a plug for my iPad. Wi-Fi worked and that's a huge plus. The nettle toast was sold hard by the waitress but they forgot to toast the bread so it was more like nettle slop. The cache Pepe missed on almost all counts. The worst of the three dishes however was the main course the lamb Milanese. It tasted like a mix between chicken livers chicken fried steak and absolutely no lamb whatsoever. The rice that came with it was also a mess. I would not repeat in case you were wondering. Seem more like an overpriced tourist trap trying to make some kind of statement but did not know how to put a high-quality ingredients together and make a coherent dish. Also if you go you're going to have to park in the CBD and we all know how problematic that can be. Nothing like going to dinner coming back in finding out the city may have towed your car! That happens a lot in New Orleans! It didn't happen to me this time so I guess I have something to be grateful forWhat a great experience! We went for dinner at 6:30. Service was great - Joel was attentive without hovering and very knowledgeable about the menu. Recommendations were spot on. We had: gin and tonic, specialty drink, 3 meat board, gemelli, pork coppa, beet side, citrus tart, and cappuccino. EVERYTHING WAS GOOD and came out fast. The beans served with pork coppa were insane. As in, we will talk about those beans for years to come. The beet side was way better than we expected - only warning is the raw jalapeños served with the beets are super strong. Overall we had an outstanding experience and so glad we made it a part of our visit to NOLA.The food was ok. The waitresses were really nice and helpful. They even helped my fiancée create a unique GF dish. But honestly the portions are really small and you don't get much for the cost.My husband and I spent the week in New Orleans recently and decided to dine here for their happy hour and fell in love with the food and service! The BEST pasta we have EVER had! It's made from scratch. We loved it so much that we ate there 3 times that week (even with our world of options in New Orleans). The mafalde and the bucatini are both so delicious and the service was also fantastic. We had great servers (Ana) and managers (Rachel) that checked on us and were so friendly that I felt I also had to mention them too! We will definitely be going back next time we're in New Orleans!Great atmosphere and fine food. Was pleasantly surprised by a delicious piece of meat that I thought you could only find at a steak house.Located in a boutique hotel (Ace) near the French quarter, Josephine Estelle featured delicious food in a hip environment with a jazzy feel. A garden salad , small pasta and desert made a delicious, full meal. Excellent service (thanks Megan)! I would gladly return if I'm ever in New Orleans again. Can highly recommend the meatballs.When you go to a restaurant toward the end of an evening with 16 people on a Friday night, you sort of expect to have mediocre service.   Luckily that was not the case, our waiter Howard handled serving us in a fast and accurate manner with a great attitude!  Not only was the food delicious (we tried various pasta dishes that we shared with the whole group & the meatballs), the entree of pompano was also delicious.  Wine selections were on par as well.  Great atmosphere, great service, great food, period.   We will be back, and we will definitely ask to have Howard as our server again.Don't go!!! What a terrible experience we had. Service was terrible. Understaffed with cranky waiters and a hostess  that didn't care. If you are to busy and don't have capacity then say no. I rather have the choice of waiting to be seated while you catch up, than being seated and ignored.  
The hostess seat us outside and left us with menus, it took about 20 min to get a waiter to take our order. Not even a glass of water. Finally the waiter who was clueless took our order. To save time we order drinks, appetizers and main course. Still not even a glass of water. Finally one of the appetizer a simple cheese and cold meat arrived, however the waiter had not brought plates or silverware. Guess she expected us to spread the cheese the two meager pieces of bread with our fingers. We requested the essentials plates, silverware, some water. About another 20mins went buy before she brought... water!!! Yeahhhh!!! Water!!! But not enough for all in the table. Great still no plates or silverware! We ended stealing the ones from a table that was set next to us. BTW she never really brought any of it and we decided to forgo the plates. Two more tables were seated next to us both had a similar experience. A server came by and I swear she gave them our food. We have been there over an hour with no drinks and an incomplete appetizer. When we ask the waiter who finally showed up with food for another table that was seated about 1/2 after us, he got testy and said they were busy and our drinks will  come out shortly. But it's been over an hour!!! So we had enough. We'll never go back!!!'This was a accidental visit before a business meeting next door to a local coffee shop. I was hungry for breakfast and it was the closest place. I had the meatballs and the traditional breakfast option. The atmosphere was classy, but I can't say that the meal stood out as something that I would highly recommend. It wasn't bad. It just wasn't notable to rave about. When you are hungry and your meeting is in 30min, this is what you get. The service was excellent though and timely for sure!We were a party of 8 for Easter brunch. The decor and ambience of the place were enjoyable, particularly the high ceilings and beautiful windows with so much natural light. The food was delicious, well prepared and a balance between familiar and inventive. Children and adults all found entrees to enjoy. 
Beverages were hit and miss. Three of us enjoyed craft cocktails, and quite a few coffee and tea. Hot cocoa for a young one was surprisingly disappointing. 
Staff were a mixed bag. The waiter was affable but came across as indifferent. Others came by quite a bit to help out. Almost all spilled water when pouring. Possibly, that's the pitcher and glasses not personnel??
Overall, a fun time. We will be back. Maybe grown ups  night out.Beautiful restaurant. The food, drinks and service were all very good. They were very accommodating of our eight person group. Lovely meal.Omg!!! This place has it all. Great food, atmosphere and great service. So glad we came here on Christmas Day. We had the Bbq shrimp and grits..It was so savory and flavorful..loved it. We also had the chicken and biscuit.Wow.that chicken is the most juicy and tender chicken I have ever had the biscuit has a honey glaze and very light dusting of spices it was soo good the biscuits are homemade these chefs are awesome and cook with love and passion.
Then we had the pastry platter these 4 custom pastries were so good and buttery and flaky.They are all made there by an amazing pastry chef. Definitely 5 stars we cant wait to come back to NOLA to try the pastas.
Beautiful decor and everyone from the doorman to the wait staff were friendly and gracious . They really made us feel welcomed and like family. Go and you too will be impressed.A wonderful dining experience. The pastas are amazing. I could sit in there for hours eating each of the different pastas. The drinks are a tad overpriced ($8 for well gin, $12 for amaretto sour) but that can be looked past for how amazing the food is here. I will highly recommend this place to anyone.This place was phenomenal! We went for a friends birthday with a party of 9 and had such a great time. The waitstaff was so accommodating and provided excellent service. The food was amazing - we had everything from charcuterie and wax peppers to steaks, pesto pasta, and ravioli. Everything that came out of the kitchen was awesome. 
The atmosphere was also really fun - laid back and trendy. We will definitely be back!!Loved this place. In the Ace hotel. Make sure you check out the roof top bar at the hotel. Salads & pasta were unbelievable. Sorry I missed this place last couple of trips to NOLA.  I think everything on the menu is equally delicious. I recommend the caramelized onion cheese soufflé appetizer, can not recall what it was called But after the first bite I already want to order another oneCame here for date night with my husband. We had reservations and were a little early but were seated right away. It's somewhat loud and open space, so if you're looking for romance and privacy, this place didn't really have that. Still, it's gorgeous. Solid bar program with good cocktails, but nothing I'm remembering now that I would say yes, get this! The service was more three stars. Our waiter was friendly, but seemed possibly overwhelmed with too many tables. The food was fantastic! I wanted to try everything! Really enjoyed the Arancini and Gnocchi! The gulf fish is also good.While staying at the adjacent Ace Hotel in December of 2016 we enjoyed very good breakfasts here, with lots of choices for oatmeal, pancakes and omelets.Where to begin...this place is a joke.  I have been twice and it actually got worse.  The service is terrible.  We ordered a side of bread to go with our appetizer and we got it at the same time the waitress brought our check. In addition our waitress did not check on us at all to see if we wanted another drink or even to refill our waters.  Upon getting our check I asked the waitress if she could validate my valet ticket to which she told me she could not and I would need to get it from the hostess.  I think it is well within her job scope to kindly take the ticket to the hostess and get it validated for a patron.  The most ridiculous part of the evening was the valet ($10 with validation/$20 without).  I handed my ticket to the valet who hardly noticed me as he was busy in a conversation with two of his friends (who incidentally were standing there when we arrived for dinner). Every person loitering around the valet/entrance to the hotel was there when we arrived and still there 2 hours later when we left.  The valet does not take cash.  For some unknown reason you can only pay for your car with a cc.  I asked him for a receipt and my only options were text or email. Reluctant to give either, bc I am sure it has been sold and I will be flooded with spam, I opted for email which he could not even key in himself bc he needed to tend to the conversation with his friends.  And on top of everything that didn't happen at this dinner, the food was just ok.  For a restaurant, food and service or absolutely paramount and Josephine Estelle not once but twice was a magnificent failure.  If you opt to go to The Ace hotel I would Uber/cab there and stick to the lobby bar and the rooftop bar if anything at all.The pasta is NOT an meal! Just in case you don't read the rest of my review, I wanted to at least get that point across.  
My family ate here last week after a friend said they liked it. First off, the staff is strange. Probably because they are a bunch of 20 year old hipsters without fine dining experience. We walked into the restaurant by the first door we saw, it was not the front door, we looked lost. Two employees looked up at us, including the bartender, but did not say a word.Eventually we found the hostess, she may have been drunk or just disengaged due to her age. She squeezes us in among the crowded half of the restaurant instead spreading people around. 
The place is beautiful, I really enjoyed the atmosphere except for the very loud music that didn't seem to go with it, I could barely hear the other people at my table. Go explore the hotel. It's very Tower of Terror and probably the only reason I would go back to this place. We ordered an appetizer and pasta each, assuming that would be enough food. Nope! we had to stop on the way home to get more food. This place is designed to order in the traditional Italian way. Apps, pasta, meat. However, here, that would cost about $65-$75/person, which it would not cost in Italy. Plus wine, and your food budget is screwed. The food is great, however, it is very simple, and of very, very small portions. One of the pasta dishes we ordered had 4 raviolis in it, 4. And not even full size ones, folded in half ones. The crudo was excellent, but there wasn't even an ounce of fish on the plate. I mean, if you were looking for a tasty, expensive snack, then I highly recommend going here. On a Sunday though, because good luck with parking.Service and food were both stellar.  We took our son to help him celebrate his 30th birthday.  The restaurant is spacious and the high ceiling makes the room quiet and conducive to easy and quiet conversation.  Appetizers were wonderful, and the well-informed waiter helped make our selections without pushing the high-priced items.  Some of the pasta dishes are more generous in size than others, and he steered me towards pasta dishes that combine well with side vegetable orders.  In particular, the braised beans were unique and a special flavor; I like to try food I've never had before, and my meal did not disappoint.  They provided a delicious carrot cake for my son's birthday, with a topping of candied turnips -- whoever dreamed up that combination was right, but it does sound kind of weird even now.  
An IT glitch delayed our main course -- something about a printer in the kitchen.  Instead of ignoring the problem and making is wonder where the food had gone, the waiter explained the problem, apologized, and brought out some olives and cured meats for us to try while we were waiting.  They successfully turned lemons into lemonade.
We're local, and we'll be back.Food was good but portions were so tiny. Not from New Orleans I guess. 10 pieces of pasta for $19. They're new maybe they'll come around.Food is sensational, atmosphere cool, hip and chic and had an amazing server - Howard. Really fine wine, delicious food and fabulous evening with great music vibe.Only had one meal here so far, but it was our best in two and a half days in NOLA. We arrived too early for the official brunch seating (which doesn't start until 11), so we drank coffee and waited it out so I could have the gluten-free banana bread french toast I'd been anticipating since our arrival. (As someone with celiac, New Orleans is not the easiest city to dine in.) It was worth the wait, and our server, Nick, was very accommodating when we said we just wanted to hang out (apparently the brunch crowd hasn't reached the same levels as the dinner crowd). My companion had the JE Breakfast, a revision of Andrew Michael Kitchen's AM Breakfast with a potato pancake and pork belly replacing the grits and pork rind of the original. Many other AM favorites make an appearance on the menu as well. This isn't just a great hotel restaurant, it's a destination in and of itself.Finally! The BEST Italian Food in New Orleans. Don't waist your time looking around for alternatives.Amazing snapper crudo but I would eat at a waffle  house for better service and hospitality.   From happy hour to dinner hour - rude and - just rude.
Did I mention rude?Fun ambiance, great for groups, cool vibe, delightful staff. Any new place has some kinks but I will definitely be back!Awesome great quality food. The chefs knows what they are doing. If you're a foodie this place to good.If I could only rate the food, I'd give it 5 stars. Yet the service was the worst I've ever had. I had my 18th birthday dinner yesterday at Josephine Estelle, and the waiter avoided our table the whole time and only assisted when needed. He never smiled and it honestly felt like he was being condescending the whole time. They took the food away before we were all finished and exaggerated the portions for their pasta. From what was supposed to feed 2-3 people, turned out to be one serving. I could have ate the "family style" dish myself. Nevertheless it was my birthday and I was determined to stay positive, but when the cake, we brought and had to pay a reasonable $20 cake fee, the waiter didn't give us a chance to take pictures after singing happy birthday. Nor did he tell us that they were taking a few slices for themselves at the end and hoped that our adolescent minds wouldn't notice. Overall the food was great, but the service needs much much improvement.By far my favorite restaurant in New Orleans! The food is amazing and atmosphere is so fun. A MUST for tourists.I went there for Sunday brunch. There was a delightful band and great atmosphere (as always.) But, the service and food was very subpar for the price. I got the eggs Benedict with smoked salmon. Fail. There was hardly no smoked salmon. The food came out out of order and they forgot our dessert. Love the ace but very disappointed today.This new place was a huge disappointment after reading positive reviews in noteworthy food and travel magazines.  The service was depressing in its complete lack of care and attention only to be insulted at the end by suggesting that we were trying to skip out on the check.   From what I saw this entire service team should be gutted before this new venture is completely destroyed.Checked it out during Culinary month. Best damn pasta! Will be heading back to try more. Great service and very comfortable surroundings.Booked an early happy hour reservation because I thought my husband & I would have a couple of drinks and a quick bite - but I was wrong once we took a peek at the menu! Tori B. was our server for the evening and she had a great attitude & was attentive throughout the meal. We started with the Fried Brussels Sprout Salad - GOOD LORD was this delicious! Surprised that it was served chilled but that didn't detract from how good this was. I'm still thinking about it over a week later...
We both ordered pasta dishes thinking we'd eat some & take the rest with us but both were too good - couldn't stop ourselves from finishing the dishes! Husband had the Bucatini & I had the Canestri. Both dishes were perfectly al dente, and my husband RAVED about the bucatini. Now, about that Canestri - how something as simple as cheese & pepper is so creamy & delicious is beyond me but WOW! As stated before, our intent was to eat some & take the rest back to our hotel but the dishes were just too good - almost plate-licking good! If you're in the area I definitely recommend a stop here - you won't be disappointed!I was treated to lunch here earlier in the week. It's a very pretty place located in the Ace Hotel. It's very open and all the windows let in a lot of natural light. The mosaic tiles along the wall were beautiful. I like how they had a record player with a wide variety of records to go along with it.
In our group of 3, we each chose from the Quick Fixe lunch menu, which includes a chopped salad, choice of 1 pasta dish from their list of 3 options and a cookie for $20. I decided to be a little adventurous and got the Orecchiette pasta with Rabbit, Green Garlic, Ramps and Spring Peas. It was my first time ever hearing of a vegetable called a Ramp, but it was good. The portions of each dish were just right for lunch and we were all satisfied.
The servers were friendly and attentive. 
It's not a place I would typically choose, but if invited, I would return.Located on the ground floor of the Ace Hotel, this lovely, loud and open restaurant strives to be hip and hits it on several levels.
Quick and friendly staff, nice selection of drinks, and yummy menu for sharing. 
Rib eye was delicious and came with fries. It could have used an extra small side of something green, however.
Parmesan soufflé was delicious.
Give it a shot!Got the ribeye. Worst ribeye ever that cost over $35.  Cheap fatty cut of meat that probably cost $2 per pound at Walmart.This place was SO delicious. I got the ravioli which was to die for. My boyfriend got the soft shell crab which was absolutely divine as well. The service was good, and drinks were great as well. Obviously, this place is on the pricier side, but I don't think the prices outweigh the quality of the food at all. The atmosphere is beautiful with the streetcar stopping right out front. I'd highly recommend taking it to the restaurant!Lunch service here was a great atmosphere for a business/working lunch. Server was very respectful of time and attentive to our needs. The cuisine and wine list was a great representation of old world wines and new world Italian dishes. I was advised by GM more New world wine selections will he added.Food great! Decor great! Server was great some things (meatballs too salty) other than that great experience I will be back!!Talk about beautiful decor. Talk about great service. Talk about delicious food. This place exudes it. 
We made reservations for a Wednesday night at 6pm and walked in to a beautiful quiet space. We sat down to find our table wasn't stable and was quickly switched to a different table. We ordered grilled oysters to start and two pastas to share. 
Honestly the pasta was SO good. I'm still thinking about the green tomato almond pesto farfelle with shrimp from last week. Also great portions too!Made reservations for 12:15pm on Friday.  It was just a daddy daughter date lunch.  We decided to get the quick fix lunch.  We both got caprese salads.  They were a little different than the ordinary.  Yellow tomatoes and small tomatoes, Not enough mozzarella, but it was certainly fresh.  I then got the short rib ragu with fuselli pasta.  It was amazing!  My dad got the red fish with rice and lima beans.  I thought that was a bit different.  He thought the fish needed maybe a little butter over the top to round it off.What a disappointment. My wife and I were looking forward to trying Josephine Estelle. The bar is great and is the only reason I've give 3 stars. We had a 3 piece meat and cheese plate and the sweetbread ravioli for appetizers. They were good. I ordered the rib eye median rare it was a poor quality piece of meat and came out blue with a cold center I sent it back and it was returned to me well done it was also served with a broth that was sweet and gross.  Our dogs  didn't like it. 
My wife ordered the Gulf Snapper. It came swimming in some sort of broth and the fish was so overdone that it was mush. She sent it back for a plain  grilled snapper it was also over cooked.
We will not be going back to eat but would go for drinks.4 stars for the food but certainly not the service.  2 stars at best for that, luckily the food was good and we had an apologetic waitress.( I'll get to this ) There were three of us and we ate family style.  The meatballs were spicy and moist and were topped with a light but flavorful marinara sauce. They were topped with plenty of Parmesan. We also had the watermelon salad. I thought this was a delicious light small plate to go with our other heavier ones.  The watermelon was ripe and the peanuts were a pleasant surprise and paired very well. Our last small pate was the mushroom toast.  Really delicious. You really have to like mushroom, though. I love mushroom but would have liked for the mushrooms to have been sliced smaller so I could bite it without all the mushrooms coming off the toast. The 2 large plates we had were the soft shell crab and the red snapper the fish was cooked perfectly. Crispy on the outside and moist and flaky on the inside. The crab was fried perfectly and the bed of sweet corn it was on complimented the crab 
Now for the service!  Boo!  Our waitress knew she was giving us bad service and said so twice.  It was as if she had to pick a table to ignore and that was us.  Our water was never refilled and the bottle of wine we ordered came but just like the water it was an act of congress to get our glasses refilled. Food took longer to come to the table than I think is appropriate. When she brought us our credit cards she included a 30% off coupon for our next visit.  Turns out it is only good for breakfast, brunch or lunch and it's only good for a week.This restaurant is absolutely fabulous! Cool and comfortable decor; excellent, friendly, knowledgable staff; but most of all fabulous food! Lots of great vegetables creatively cooked and seasoned. Pastas, brussels, carrots, polenta, sautéed greens, beets, and desserts are out of this world. I come to New Orleans for 5 day business trips and plan to come here several times each visit.Based on breakfast alone, this place was delicious. I had the smoke trout on gluten free bread and hard boiled egg on top. I also got a side of bacon, it was crispy and delicious. The service was very attentive. I loved the green couches and chairs, decorative very nicely. The other people with me got the mushroom quiche which looked very fluffy. Someone got the yogurt with granola, which looked very filling. The other party really likes avocado toast so he got the JE Breakfast and a side of avocado and was able to make his own avocado toast. I will say the avocado looked a little brown so that's probably the only downside. Otherwise everyone was very pleased with their meals. I appreciated that you could get gluten free bread as well.3/5 split thoughts!
it's fancy, cuz you're in the ace. you totally get that it's someone's birthday at the venue across the hall, and you waited for the majority of your table to arrive before getting seated. the ambiance is pretty chill despite being a hotel restaurant.
the large meat/cheese is more like regular size...it was tasty, but it was dropped off pretty unceremoniously and we had to flag someone down to ask exactly what was on there. 
the pasta are done well - al dente - and the sauces are yummy. i found the gemeli pretty compelling when we went, but the other curly wasn't memorable. the pork dish was yummy, but the sides were forgettable. the okra was fun, but didn't need to come with the sticky sauce.
getting the theme here? it's like WOOOoooOOOooo. worth a try, but not clamoring to get back either.Come here for happy hour. The JT burger was wonderful, like an elevated version of a fast food burger: it has crispy american cheese, butter lettuce, a sesame bun and tasty fries. The Mafalde pasta reminded me of the Italian grandmother I never had. The specialty cocktail, the Penicillin, was gingery and refreshing, and reasonably strong.had dinner with my daughter and a friend. We shared a few apps, oysters and meat and cheese plate with a bottle of wine. For dinner we also shared the large portions of the bucatini and cacio e pepe and everything was fantastic. Cant wait to come back.We have been here several times and it has never disappointed.   Service was excellent and the pasta was too.  Four of us had three different pastas and were all very happy.  The seasonal ravioli had peaches, chanterelles and thyme.  Sounds strange,  but it was delicious.   If you like pasta and are a bit adventurous, you will love it.  We didn't get to dessert this time, but we have had some great ones hereWriting as a tourist in New Orleans. We had 8:30 pm reservations and were sat not long after that. The wait staff was generally polite but there wasn't anything outstanding about it. The restaurant itself is beautiful, soft lighting and interesting features. However, there is a bar with very loud music right across the lobby of the hotel that the restaurant is housed in and it made for a very noisy dinner that felt like it should have been more intimate. The location is away from the craziness of bourbon street area which I liked. 
Food and drink: I had to explain to the bartender what my mixed drink consisted of. It was a John Daily, a very simple drink so I was surprised that I had to do that. I'm also still not sure there was any vodka in the drink I received. We had 8 people. My husband and I ordered the meatballs to start, the bucatini for myself and he had the pork chop. We enjoyed all of it. Lots of sauce with the meatballs and they're big. Very good. The bucatini pasta itself is strange (like a large hollow spaghetti) but the sauce was good and spicy. My husband really enjoyed his pork, lots of flavor and tender. You don't get a lot of pork for $28 but it was delicious. 
Others in our group were not that impressed with the charcuterie plate but I know the Brussels sprouts and steak tartare were well enjoyed.The food was great but it seems like this must be a terrible place to work as all the wait and bar staff seemed and acted miserable. Not expecting them to be fake and cheerful if they don't feel that way - everyone has bad days and stuff going on. But we went here multiple times and each waiter or bar staff seemed more miserable (borderline rude) than the previous.We liked this place but we weren't wowed by it.  We did  like the meatball appetizer and the butternut squash soup. We also had the Brussels sprouts salad and duck hash which were both good but not overwhelming.  My daughter and I shared the Bucatini and Canestri pastas and got the entree size. We wound up taking a lot home as it was a big portion. (I did see many complaints about portion size but the entree size is definitely a good amount) I found the Bucatini pretty spicy.  My husband had the sea bass and thought it was just okay.  The staff was very nice, and the service was very good and timely. They were also helpful about making changes on menu items to make them gluten free. We ended with the peanut butter budino and chocolate praline mousse which were good but not great. Overall, it wound up being a very expensive meal. We thought it was good but with so many other great places in New Orleans we wouldn't run back there. It seemed to be a great fun place for a 20 something year old crowd and it was very noisy with lots of hustle and bustle in the hotel lobby adjacent to the restaurant.I decided to give this place a try for our anniversary.  I made a booking through open table- easy peasy. It was a week day so I didn't think it would be full at all. We arrived st about 6:30pm and was seated promptly. The decor is amazing and the place felt very romantic. We decided to try the butternut soup and Brussels sprouts as appetizers. Both we're really good and tasty. Starting off on a high note with decor and food we decided to try the pasta dishes for entrees. I had the canestri ( which is pasta with cheese) and hubby had the Spaghetti. The canestri was underwhelming and the pasta was hard and sauce non existent. The spaghetti had a strange flavor I can't describe. I had two bites and that's it. Starting on s high note but left on a low note. Maybe I'll go back to try a few different dishes as they might have been better.It was great for a lunch on a weekday. I enjoyed the lunch special which came with plenty of food. The Green salad was delicious but the pasta was wholesome and delightful and I enjoyed the warm to go cookie at the end of meal especially with the salt on top.Great ambience. Friendly service. Wide variety of pasta. Delicious desserts. Good for a date night.I don't even know where to begin. This was the dining highlight of my trip to New Orleans. Located in the Ace Hotel, Josephine Estelle brings a modern, somewhat New York experience to semi-casual dining. I literally danced in my seat after each course.
I started with the Green Goddess salad which was beautifully seasoned and fresh. My entree was the Cacio e pepe served with canestri pasta. I had never had pasta like that before- thick, squat elbow shaped pastas; like a little basket for sauce. It aroma of butter and cheese nearly knocked me off my chair. Maybe it was the cocktail of chamomile, lemon, St. Germaine, and gin. Either was I was in heaven. My friend had the broiled oysters ( a bit less broiled than simply warm) and the Striped Bass (which he loved). 
The dining room is dimly lit yet it's easy to read the menu. Tables are very close together making for either an intimate experience or practice for eavesdropping. I can't wait to go back each time I'm in the city. A must!!I went here with my mom because we failed to make reservations and this place wasn't too busy. My mom got the ravioli stuffed with collards and didn't care for it because the greens were very bitter. I got the gnudi and wasn't impressed either. It had brussel sprouts on top which was great, but it was also topped with pecans which just didn't make any sense to me. Maybe I am just missing he sophisticated palate needed to appreciate. Overall, an underwhelming experience. The ambience was nice but maybe I am just growing out of the phase where I appreciate hipster-y things. Probably not a bad thing.Mediocre at best. Not much in favor for the vegetarian crowd. Ordered the pesto pasta which excluded a meat topping. I am not a finicky eater by any means. The dish was sooooo salty that I requested to send it back.
The 1st time Ive done this in my lifetime. 
Meal was replaced w/kale salad that too was on the salty side. The only saving grace of entire meal were the cocktails served. Manager did swing by to ensure I was satisfied with replacement dish. I said "sure" just to end meal as Im not convinced they could do much better with any other offerings that supported a non meat based entree.
If establishment was not in our hotel I would not have opted for the convenience option. Overall two thumbs down.Our favorite Italian spot in New Orleans. We usually come here to celebrate good news! The cacio e pepe and bucatini are our favorites!!Delicious!  One of the best meals we had in New Orleans.  We ordered the pasta, scallops, and the fish.  All were cooked and served perfectly.  Has a good wine list and some local favorite drinks.  Love the open kitchen view and the dancing next door is a good add if you are looking for a full evening.Very, very cute spot! Came here on Christmas Day, had reservations but still had to wait about an additional 25 minutes which can be annoying since we came from the airport. Our waitress was super friendly and really nice, she explained all the dishes and really gave us her input. The drinks were definitely better than the food. I think the food wasn't worth the price and it was definitely over priced. I got the scallops which were okay, nothing out of the ordinary. My boyfriend got the pork, and he is a big foodie and didn't really love it. The dessert was great, and our waitress was so nice, and gave us an additional one! Service was kind of slow, but again that's because it was Christmas so can't really judge too much. Maybe they were just having an off day because of the holiday, not too sure if I would check this place out again for dinner, for drinks yes!Amazing! Brussel sprouts 10/10, cocktails 10/10,
duck hash 10/10...Witches Brew...wait for it...10/10...Sweet baby Jesus.... I got the Cacio E Pepe twice during my vacation.  I've had the dish before at other Italian restaurants but theirs, hands down, is the best.  It's the perfect amount of cheese and pepper.  I'm always a fan of shell noodles, but they could smother that sauce on an old shoe and I'd probably eat it. Ace Hotel is the bee's knees too.Service was very slow. Very inattentive server - we waited a long time to order and to get water refills. The food was good, but not great. The roasted beets were one note, and could have used some feta or some other complementary flavor. The scallops needed more of a sear, though the flavors were good.Horrible service and not kid friendly. I made a reservation for 5, they gave us a 4 top and squeezed a high chair in between two tables so there was no space for the other guests to pass. They asked us to move our diaper bag multiple times (small backpack- smaller than many purses). Then, they took away our high chair halfway through the meal so they could sit more people so I had to hold my son for the remainder of the meal. And to top it off the food was mediocre and over priced. I had glorified Mac n cheese and chocolate pudding for dessert. The bread was probably the best thing we ate. With all of the amazing options we have in this city, I will NOT be returning.We went for a New Years Eve pre-fixe dinner. Arrived for our reservation, got seated maybe 15-20 mins later. Ordered quickly but the service was extremely slow (can't emphasize this enough!). For our 4 courses (only 2 options for each on the pre-fixe menu), we were there for approximately 3 hours. The worst part was seeing tables around us get two of their courses while we were waiting for one to arrive. I'm not sure what was going on but this was very frustrating, especially because we were sitting so close to everyone around us. They also ran out of one of the recommended cocktails so I just ordered the same drink twice. The food though, was delicious! Overall our experience was definitely not worth the money we paid.My husband and I had date night here on a recent Saturday and were both really impressed. 
We started the meal with the snapper crudo which was fantastic; the brown butter and lemon make this dish. Because of reading other reviews that the pasta dishes are not really full entrees, we each ordered a pasta and shared a main entrée. I chose the fusilli with lamb Bolognese which, again, was really wonderful. I loved the addition of the chickpeas in the dish (I have a minor obsession with chickpeas...). My husband had the rigatoni with pork shoulder and it was delicious! The pork shoulder was perfect! Both of our pastas were cooked to a perfect al dente. 
For the main dish we decided on the duck. The skin on the duck was crispy and flavorful, and the entire breast was cooked perfectly. I was very impressed. Along with this, we also ordered the polenta side dish, but we only took a few bites before deciding it was over-salted. 
Overall, the experience was great. If you're looking for a lot of privacy while on a dinner date, I would perhaps look elsewhere. But other than that, the ambiance of the restaurant is great, the service was on point, and the food was really wonderful. We will definitely be returning.Food was reasonably priced and service was superb! Megan is awesome! Megan even chased after on our of forgetful members to bring her the go-box my friend left sitting on the table. Will definitely be back!The menu for dinner was very enticing and we were excited to eat there.  However, the service was terrible.  As soon as we walked in, we stood around looking for someone to seat us-we were completely ignored by all waitstaff. After finally being seated, our waitress finally showed up and took our order but failed to check on us consistently  throughout the meal.  When we finally were served, our food was warm at best.  The octopus toast was wonderful, as was the smoked Cobia.  I could take or leave the butternut squash pasta.  The desserts were outstanding, but that did not make up for the terrible service and the time it took for us to actually receive our meal and get our check.The atmosphere was great, super cute date spot. Service was extremely slow but when the food finally came, was ok.I took my fiancee here for his most recent birthday, and we had a wonderful experience.
The service was excellent from the hostesses to our waitress. The atmosphere was fun and lively yet intimate. I love the decor and the lighting in the evening. Craft cocktails had unique combinations and were perfectly refreshing. I'm still thinking about the beet salad! And when do you get a salad you can't stop thinking about?! I don't, anyway. We had some pasta that had a very fall seasonal flavor palate, which I thought was strange given it was almost spring, but it was delicious except for a slightly over-powering orange flavor. We also had a flavorful, well-cooked fish entree. We finished with a goat cheese cheesecake that was unique and delightful. It took about 15-20 minutes to get it to the table, so they comped it! That's excellent service if you ask me. 
I would say the only negative thing about this place is the bathrooms are a short trek from the restaurant. Otherwise, this place was great! We would definitely go back.This was my first time dining here and it was such a great experience. I had a reservation and was seated right away at a nice table by the window. I had a beautiful champagne cocktail and my date had a glass of prosecco. I told the server I have celiac and she went through all of my options on the menu. They were about to make a caprese for me that was so incredibly delicious. For dinner I had the gluten free pasta which was some of the best I've ever had. Our server was so sweet and attentive and the dinner was super reasonable. We will definitely be back!Been here several times because I like the atmosphere. The drinks are really good as well and food is okay. Bar service can be a bit better however. I don't like when I have to ask for another drink, more water, a menu ...This restaurant is part of the Ace Hotel, it has a really gorgeous room with a record player. All the waitstaff were incredibly friendly and accommodating. I have Celiac disease and cannot have gluten, the waiter was able to tell me what on the menu I could eat. All of the pasta options were able to be made with gluten free pasta. They have amazing charcuterie with an option for gluten free crackers. I highly recommend getting that. I also had a fantastic espresso martini and gluten free Canestri pasta plate.Awesome dinner. The wine was excellent. My husband had the Orichette with smoked beef and veal. I had the Gnudi in a carrot sauce with brussel sprouts and pecans. Delicious. Atmosphere was very nice, noise level was good, not too loud.Have been looking forward to trying this restaurant for some time. Everything was good, but nothing was excellent. Cheese plate was bland, maybe to appease to all palates. Nettle toast was fine- again bland, but the burrata was delicious. Fried chicken had the most flavor out of anything we had ordered. And the Gnudi was good as well, but not as excellent as it could have been. Cocktails were good, but not great. Wine was fine. Overpriced. Great decor and green couches!I was pleasantly surprised!  The food was excellent.  The tuna ceviche was flavored sooo well.  The John T. Burger was delicious.  Eclectic atmosphere and great food.Food was great, ambiance was fun and decor was good.  
Sever was a little strange and slow at times but overall good experience.  
We Would recommend the pepper pasta but the full meal portion was HUGE.Food is really great but service is terrible. We waited a long time to be seated for our reservation and we were only seated after prompting the hostess again. All the while there were open tables that were set and ready. We sat at our table for at least 10 minutes without anyone acknowledging us and had to ask for water and eventually a waiter. Our waiter was unfriendly and didn't seem to care about serving us or providing a good experience.Came in for a dinner tonight. Granted I didn't have a reservation, my experience was terrible. First face was the hostess who took 2 minutes to actually realize I was there. They were sassy and came off rude when telling me there were no seats. I started a timer and saw a few tables open to see if they would be filled by the time I left. I was there for 55 minutes and they ended up being empty the whole time. I got directed to the tables near the bar and realized fast that it was a mistake. Having to go to the bar to order is not what I want when spending $10 for a meatball appetizer that comes out at the same time as the entrees. The bar tender treated us like we didn't matter, even when my date spilled a water on herself no help to even get a napkin until we asked even though he saw it spill. I have to say that id rather go to McDonald's where I would get better service and more consistency. Please do better.   
FYI: Put less Pepe in the cacio e PepeTraveling with some pickier eaters, I had to choose a brunch spot that had adventurous items for the more daring folks and less complicated items for the more traditional eaters. I found this place via Eater's NOLA brunch list and I am so glad I did. 
First of all, as a pastry chef, the fact that they offer a pastry board on the menu was a sign of doing something right. But, in the end, the pastries have to be good and boy were they ever. We got four of the five items on that day's pastry menu:
Pecan croissant - like an almond croissant, but pecans (duh). This thing was a flavor bomb. It was so good, in fact, that we ordered a second one for later. 
Chocolate croissant - a solid pain au chocolat
Cinnamon roll - oh yes! And with a delightful tang from sour cream in the glaze
Everything scone - another superb pastry. Think of a super flaky biscuit meeting an Everything bagel. Savory, flavorful and so delicious.
For our meal, three of the five of us got the fried chicken biscuit. Solid fried chicken, solid biscuit and yummy home fries. I should have asked for them extra crisp, like my sister did, because hers were even better. But mine still were delicious.
Overall, a filling, friendly, warm, bright space for good food, good service and a relaxing meal.Amazing. Just. Omg. Amazing. This place makes everything I never knew I was craving when I said, "I want Italian tonight." The meatballs are ADDICTIVE. Like I really want to know how they make them. I'm so jealous that I'll never make meatballs as good as this place does. They are so soft and the red sauce is perfect. Guess they can keep their secrets and I'll just have to go back! The bucanti was my favorite pasta dish of the night. The peanut butter dessert was amazing. I mean....I know it's an over used word but this place is AMAZING! I'm sorry. It just is. I just went last night and I want to go back ASAP to try more things.Awesome food, awesome service.  Waitress and servers were really very nice and friendly which was especially appreciated since I know our group looked a bit of mess after running of the bulls even though we did have a reservation.  For sure would go back.The food and drinks were fine, however, this experience was the worst I've been treated in a restaurant... probably ever. We arrived for our reservation at 8:15 about 5 minutes early and they informed us our table wouldn't be ready for 15 minutes so we went to order drinks at the bar. The Bartender held our ID's for about a minute before asking me directly if I've ever been arrested, which was quite rude. She then asked about the restriction on my ID (I wear contacts...)  and was comparing it with my friends who had a later expiration date (because she recently replaced her ID). Super unprofessional however we went along to our table once it was ready and assumed the night would turn around. Immediately upon sitting, our waiter grabbed our wine glasses, didn't introduce himself, and walked away. I tried to tell him we were ready to order a bottle of wine (as we had to wait a while for our table and finished our cocktails at that point), but he just continued to walk away. We finally ordered our wine and some bread - then 45 minutes later the waiter came back around to take our dinner orders... I understand a group of 23-year-olds at a nice restaurant may not be taken as seriously as older adults, however, I always tip generously and was not being disruptive (and still managed to spend 80+ dollars on my meal) so I did not appreciate being treated like a child and being asked if I've been arrested. I will not be returning to Josephine Estelle (the food wasn't even that great).I was in town visiting friends and went here on their recommendation. We had a delicious meal and excellent service. I hope to return again soon.Friendly host, great service, environment was very nice and well lit  and the mimosas were  (strong).
Now for the food and the shrimp and grits. And the flavor was on point. They quantity was perf and the presentation was solid. Easily 8.5 out of 10! I would highly recommend!This review is for the Wiseacre Beer Dinner on 3/14. There was a special menu with beer pairings. 
First of all, this restaurant is gorgeous. There's a classic feel and look to the place that is instantly welcoming. Since I was at a special event dinner, we were all escorted to the back of the restaurant. It's pretty cool back there because there are open windows into the kitchen and I know I always enjoy watching people cook. 
While we were waiting for dinner, there were some small hordourves being passed around. I couldn't eat the one because there was meat in it, but the soft pretzel with homemade mustard was awesome. I had a couple of those with the first beer we were offered from Wiseacre Brewery in Memphis. 
There were two communal tables set up which was nice because it forced you to talk to people you might not have talked to before. The first course was a seared tuna dish with lima, peas, leeks, pistou, tarragon, and cilantro. It was awesome. I would have been happy just eating a couple of those for dinner. This was paired with a lime azazeal beer. 
The second course was a squid with endive, citrus, and spicy peanut panna gratta. I was a little nervous at first because sometimes squid can be chewy, but this was really well cooked. The grapefruit tasted great with the beer pairing of the IPAs. 
The third pairing with a mafalde pasta dish with dates, serrano espresso, coconibs, and fennel pollen paired with a really interesting beer called My So Called Beer. This dish was so confusing that I loved it. My taste buds were really thrown off by it, but in the most interesting way. I really enjoyed it. 
The fourth course was a pork dish with coppa, shortrib, porcini, and risotto. Being vegetarian, I passed on this one and my lucky boyfriend got to eat two. It was paired with a Barley Wine that I enjoyed a lot. 
The final course was some hot and delicious beignets. They tasted way better than your average run of the mill beignets. It was paired with brown ale, I believe. 
The servers were fantastic. They made sure everything was well presented and that our waters were always full (a plus when you're consuming so much beer!). 
I know a lot of these items aren't on the normal menu (some are, but in a different context..such as the mafalde), but it made me really excited to go try the normal menu at some point. I hope to return soon!A fellow food blogging friend of mine, Jasmine from @nibblenola, and I visited Josephine Estelle to try their renowned pasta. The restaurant is located in the Ace hotel, which is stunning. I ordered the Mafalde pasta, and it was spectacular. There's something about maw maw's aromatic, meaty pasta gravy that elevates this comfort food classic to a new level. I highly recommend upgrading from the standard $15 pricing to the entree portion sized pricing. Also, do yourself a favor and order a Snazzy cocktail (which rotates weekly). Definitely visit Josephine Estelle to luxuriously dine on some of the best pasta in the city.This is the best restaurant in New Orleans right now. Flawless service, the sharpest staff in the industry, and the food . . . Exquisite. Ask for Ruth and the pasta that's like "a walk in the woods." Superb. Can't wait to return.A beautiful setup with a very cool bar and cafe, I went here for dinner with a friend. The menu selection was small, but I ordered the Canestri and enjoyed it. My friend ordered the tortellini but was disappointed in the portion size. 
I like the ambiance and the set up so maybe I'll be back for a different meal. Dinner wasn't very impressive though.Love their bucatini and that's what brought us back over and over again.  First time was their HH.  Went back for both HH and dinner.  Did not disappoint.Go to Coquette (or anywhere else) instead!!!!!!!!! 
I dined here last night for the first (and last) time. Dawn L was our waitress (this is important if you read this entire review). I have a 3 month old baby and rarely get out of the house for girl time with my friends, so I was really looking forward to it. The experience was like a scene from a sitcom about a rude waitress!! I literally felt like we were in one of those ironic restaurants where the waitstaff is rude to you on purpose. 
Our group was: one Muslim (no pork), one vegan celiac (no gluten or animal products), one pregnant lady, and one vegetarian. We ordered a bottle of champagne off the bat which usually makes a waiter or waitress happy- makes the bill and therefore the tip much more. We apologized profusely for our dietary restrictions, only to have Dawn L. roll her eyes at us- literally. I'm the most annoying of all (Celiac vegan!) and I always apologize- and I've never ever seen service like this- especially in a "nice" restaurant- and in a hotel, no less, so you expect a level of hospitality and sophistication. I did my usual- just asked for an array of veggies (as there were many on the menu as sides for entrees, so I figured it would be easy to throw some on a plate together), and when I asked for this, she stared at me and let out a sigh and said she didn't think it would be possible. Embarrassed (and confused because who tf screws up veggies??), I ordered what I thought would be a good dish for me, and the waitress got visibly annoyed, snapping at me that the pasta was ravioli and not gluten free. (How was I supposed to know, as it didn't say it on the menu??) 
So I just meekly asked if it would be possible to have a gluten free pasta (which I knew they had) with veggies. Literally takes 10 minutes to make. I know I have restrictions but I'm not asking for the world- and she made a face at me. Then, my Muslim friend ordered a pasta dish, and asked what meat was in it. The waitress replied that it was pork. So then my friend asked which pasta dishes didn't contain pork (as the menu did not specify!!) and the waitress became more and more agitated with her- but all of the pasta dishes except for the vegetarian option had frickin pork!! Is pork that universal of a meat? Finally my friend said, "I'll just have pasta with veggies like my (gluten free vegan) friend, but I'm not gluten free so you can use regular pasta." She was trying to make life easier for our waitress who was very bad at hiding how much she hated us. Instead of being relieved to write "x2"next to my order, this waitress said to my Muslim friend, "DID YOU EVEN READ THE MENU?" Like...what??? Who does that? My friend said, "Yes I did and I would appreciate some professionalism. I'll have what my friend is having, just not gluten free." It was ridiculous. She then said "ok well the kitchen is really busy so I have to see." Newsflash- if you are a waiter reading this- do not tell your guests about whatever the hell is going on in the kitchen!! A) we don't care. B) we are here to enjoy ourselves and it's not our problem. We are literally paying for the experience of a nice evening and to be fed. What is so complicated about that? Every time Dawn came around, she had an attitude, and our waters were refilled by another woman, who I suspect was the manager as she was super sweet and asked- with a smile- how we were doing. 
Contrast this with how I was treated at Coquette recently by their waitstaff- when I told them I was a gluten free vegan they said "the chef will be happy to prepare something for you!" It was wonderful- and I really enjoyed my meal with my family. When you are a guest in a restaurant you shouldn't be wasting time thinking about your waitress being angry at you, I'm sorry but it's a perfect way to ruin the experience. I was with my friends so now we have a good story to tell, but it was such an unprofessional mess. 
We tipped her because everyone has bills to pay and we didn't want to punish her financially for being a huge jerk- maybe she was having an awful day, I don't know, but if you eat here you'd do well to request anyone but Dawn L! Personally if I ever come back it'll be for a drink, as the ambiance is awesome but the service was a literal joke.I'd been to JE previously for HH (2-5 weekdays) which offers well priced drinks and pasta specials...HHs that end at 5 are normally just terrible for me. Besides a less than friendly bartender, I had a nice time.
FF to this week and I actually sat down in the restaurant and revisited one of those pasta dishes. I wolfed down an order of the canestri cacio e pepe, so little basket pasta with cheese and pepper. And OMG did it hit the spot. Just what I needed and then some. 
Service was great and the server was on the spot with water refills and the bill so we could be on our way. Will definitely come back for a pasta fix.I came here on a date night a few weeks ago. It's located in the Ace Hotel with a reservation (had to get those Open Table points lol). It's so well decorated on the inside. Definitely instagram worthy. I had the high top drink on the recommendation of my server, who by the way, was amazing. We tried one dish from each category on the menu. We started with meat and cheese board, which was great. We also tried the octopus toast, lamb pasta, and swordfish. My favorite was the lamb pappardelle; the swordfish was unmemorable. It just tasted like lemon juice with no other flavor. Everything else was really good. My drinks stayed filled and the ambiance made for an intimate vibe. I'd totally come back again when I'm feeling a bit spendy (we spent ~$110 w/o tip for two people).Great food but "family size" share plates was definately not really family sized. maybe good for 1.5 to 2 people at most. Did feel a bit over priced for what it was but good atmosphere and very helpful staff. 
Got the swordfish, meatballs and meat and cheese platter. Would say the mains and entrees were decent but nothing too mind blowing
Chocolate Mousse was delicious. would def recommend dessert!I have waited one week to write this review, I needed to get the bad taste out of my mouth plus I hate writing bad reviews.  It may not be entirely the chef's fault; however, the concept was much better on paper than the execution.  For an appetizer I went out of the box and tried the fried squash blossoms.  Needless to say it needs to come off of the menu.  It was tasteless, well actually it tasted like fried nothing.  I had the Scallops for the entre, they were cooked perfectly; however, I finished dinner still hungry, you receive 3 average size scallops with the eggplant, capers, tomatoes as more of a garnish/sauce, not very filling to say the least.  For the money, the most expensive entre and appetizer, I definitely expected more.  One last note, our waiter could have made the night more pleasant if he smiled once in a while, stoic would describe him best.This is a beautiful restaurant. They have a great happy hour, with 3 pastas, the burger and 2 salads for good prices. My husband and I had heard so much about the house made pastas, and are so glad we tried them! We shared the Mafalde and the Cacio e Pepe. The Mafalde was a thick, rich meat sauce and was delicious, other than being a bit too salty. The Casio e pepe sauce was creamy and peppery, very good. Both pastas were excellent- hearty and cooked to a perfect al dente. We are excited to come back and try more delicious dishes :) The service was very friendly as well.The food was really good and so were the drinks! A large party of us split the cheese board and we all got pasta. The appetizer size is more than enough for one person. Highly recommend the Cacio y pepe.I had two different experience at Josephine Estelle. The first one was great - the girl took the time to explain everything on the menu based on what we said we liked and we ended up with a great combination of small plates and pasta that we shared. Everything was great (and if you like brussels sprouts, you should try the Fried Brussels Sprout Salad).
Second time... meh. We had a few friends with us who had never been there and the server did not care to explain the menu (which has many ingredients that do need translation/explanation). We were a party of 7 and somehow they managed to get my plate (I ordered pasta) a good 5 minutes later than everyone else's. 
And as much as we enjoyed the drinks, when we were about to leave I wondered if I shouldn't get something to go (we were headed to see a play). They told me it was just gonna take 2 minutes - it ended up taking 10 minutes and I didn't even get the drink I had ordered. Instead of a Gin Fizz, I got a Cream Gin Fizz (which, to be honest, could have been good if it was for someone who doesn't think cream is disgusting like I do).
It could be probably an off day, so I still think Josephine Estelle is worth a visit! Go and try it - luckily (and probably) you'll have the same experience I had there the first time! ;-)Hand down best restaurant/bar/brunch in downtown. Great service, food and atmosphere. A+This restaurant is on our short list for Sunday brunch.  It is situated in the prestigious Ace Hotel and is open and airy with palms around the upper walls.  The waitresses are very friendly and the coffee is strong and hot.  Our meals are always excellent.  The bucatini is spicy and wonderful and the pancakes will fail you up.  Don't forget to order a cocktail for a cause (Balcony View) and sorbet for dessert!As our last meal in NOLA we decided to hit up Josephine. Appetizers were a great start with pasta and their version of Fried Chicken. Entree's feel a little flat... squash with the scallops was no a good choice as it needed some crunch to the dish...a lot of mushy items together since the scallops were not seared where they had the butter encrusted outside. Sand in the greens with his meal, they apologized and got him another dish (25 minutes later) 
We both decided on the boudino for dessert and that was super good.Great food and nice place. Had business meeting here that worked out well.On a Monday night, the restaurant was very quiet and there weren't a lot of people- exactly what we wanted. It was quiet so we could talk and spend good time together. We got a board of mixed meats and cheeses and wow! They were delicious and actually a little too much food for the 7 of us. The iceberg salad wasn't anything special but the green goddess dressing was nice to try since Warren Leruth was a New Orleans chef that created the bottled version for Seven Seas. I tried a bite of their watermelon and cucumber salad and it was very refreshing. I tried a bite of the flatiron steak and while it was good, I'm personally not a fan of a sweet sauce on a steak. The swordfish had great flavor and came in the perfect portion size. My favorite dish that night was the canestri. It was a simple pasta- just a white cheese sauce and pepper, but it was so good! I might be partial though because I don't often eat cheese so this was a real treat. Everyone else loved the Bucatini the most. 
Tip: the pastas are simple but delicious. If you order just pasta for the meal, you'll want to order the entree size if you aren't eating anything else. If you're getting an appetizer or salad with it, the regular portion will be fine.Heard incredible reviews regarding Josephine Estelle... and we have continued to give it a chance. Granted a storm was hitting, but I feel like good service should be expected! I won't leave a low-star review for the sake of the online review status; however, we went for breakfast and received very poor service. Our waiter was incredibly rude, and when we asked for drink recommendations, he swiftly responded, "people dont usually drink this early, so can't help you". It was 11:30am. The service here is consistently very poor. We have been eight times, and the food is always great - I will say that. The service, however, has never been good in the slightest. Expect a long wait, and to be treated poorly. But good food! Shoutout to the kitchen!Had reservations for 6:15 bc of 8:00 concert. Arrived 6:20 (had trouble finding the hotel) and had to wait about 10 min. Ordered and by 7:25 we still weren't served our entrees. We inquired about them at 7:15 and the waiter checked and said 5 more minutes. At 7:25 still no food so we left bc we had to walk to the concert and didn't want to miss one minute of Paul McCartney.  Won't be back.A joint. Attached to a hotel, and partnered with a music club. Trendy as motorcycle boots on a guy driving a Prius. The staff is friendly, and I'm a big, your staff makes the restaurant koala. They don't overwhelm you with hospitality. Instead they draw you in with eye contact, menu knowledge, the faint whispers of the black keys pandora station and sheer laughs. 
The charcuterie plate was as mediocre as a yellow street light. The menu, and the presentation, is top notch. They have meats from all over CA, UT, IA, RI. The meats are all pork, excerpt the bresaola, which is a mean beef top round. 'Njuda = Picked garbage in Martian. Chewing this "meat spread" is like trying to eat your grandmothers curtains. The flavor is play-dough + wet grass.
An equally geographic diverse area (CA, GA, MA, UT) supports the cheese on the plate. They're advertised by softness, rather than style. Which is actually a useful metric. They're all good, not great. As a wine & cheese lover, thats all you need though...especially if you're on bottle two. The wine list is dolla dolla bills y'all, get involved.
If they served you a decent baguette, from any of the French bakeries in town (lord knows how hard it is to find a French baker in New Orleans) this would be a must have dish. 
Attention to detail keeps Josephine Estelle from being a top notch destination. In the Easy, it ain't hard to find a spot that will be easier on the taste buds.Beautiful restaurant.  Delicious food and nice wine list.  The hostess was really friendly and the waiter was attentive but not obnoxiously so.  Try the aglonotti, a great pasta stiffed with green garlic and ricotta, with truffle and brown butter.  Don't let the hipster vibe of the adjacent lobby bar deter you.  This is a quality place.  Located inside the Ace Hotel on Carondelet.My colleagues and I were in New Orleans for a congress and were craving Italian food. Based on reviews and their ability to still make a reservation for a party of 7 the same day, we ended up at this restaurant. We were all pleasantly surprised by the nice interior. The staff was friendly as well, but the star of the evening was the food. We had a cheese and charcuterie platter to share, which was filled with yummy things. We all had different pastas and cocktails, all or which were very good. Would definitely recommend eating here if you are in the neighbourhood. And if not, make a detour!I've been here twice before and the food and service were fine. Neither was particularly memorable in either a good or bad way. But tonight? Well I can't comment on the food tonight. Our party was seated at 6:15pm and, when I had to leave for a work obligation at 8:10pm, we still didn't have entrees. 
The waiter was argumentative and awkward (example: we ordered a bottle of prosecco but he spent five minutes arguing with us because we didn't want to try another sparkling option that he recommended; we hadn't asked for recommendations as the group was in the mood for prosecco). He refused to answer basic questions and would avoid eye contact when approaching the general vicinity of our table. I literally tried to get his attention for 20 minutes before I left to ask if my dinner could at least be boxed up for me to take with me. That's how long he flat out ignored and avoided our table. 
If you're looking for average food and the absolute worst service in New Orleans, give this place a try.