I love tacos. That simple. Juan's offered me variety while still catering to my simplistic needs. I opted for a strawberry margarita and some hard shell fish tacos. I was so hungry, I forgot to take a pic. I'll be back soon!Jauns is a great NOLA staple, I lived around  the corner from them and am a frequent vistor. The service is consistant, the food is delicious, and the wait is obnoxious. Its definitly worth the fuss!Service here is pretty awful 75% of the time...Cool place and good food. Even had a server plop down beside me in my booth to tell me if I had an issue I should just tell her to her face instead of leaving her a note. (Which also included a 20% tip) I wasn't aware the guest was supposed to tell the server how to give good service...??Funky tex-mex place filled with tattoo covered waitresses. The food was very good, fresh ingredients, good sized portions at a reasonable price.Awesome place, generous amounts for a reasonable price. We went to the one on Magazine and Josephine on a friday night. Wonderful atmosphere, music and nice ambience. The food was great and our server was very kind and allowed us a lot of customizations. I wish they didn't grind their guac, I prefer hand squished. The shrimp fajitas I ordered were very good. Their drinks like mojitos and mimosas also had a generous quantity.
Would definitely visit again.I don't know how I've never reviewed this place!
One of my favorite places in the city, it's a California-burrito-style restaurant with its own funky New Orleans vibe.  Burritos, enchiladas, quesadillas.  Great selection of veggie/vegan friendly stuff.  Come here hungry, even the salads are huge.OMG freaking delicious!!! This place bills itself as a "creole taqueria," and it delivers on flavor. I had a sweet n' green quesadilla on my first visit, and the cheese enchiladas on my second. I really appreciate the vegan options too, though I didn't try them. The staff were friendly and helpful when it came to deciding what to drink (strawberry frozen mojito is pretty yum), and the ambiance is fun and funky -- rock music, tattooed servers, colorful chalk writing on the walls, and upcycled lighting fixtures. Wish I had a place like this at home!!!Love this place, but just wish I was a little more "hipster" to fit in with the crowd (not really)Amazing food. I got the flying enchiladas and they were some of the best ones I've had! Crazy good local Mexican food!Absolutely amazing. They are a casual gutter punk themed Tex Mex restaurant. The food is so good. The flying burrito is the ultimate. Fish tacos are super good as it is blackened/grilled mahi mahi, not the fried (and quite frankly less flavorful) Sonoran rendition. They also come with a house made mango salsa that is AWESOME. 
The shrimp and spinach salad was surprisingly good. The only thing I have against this place might be the guac, which by all accords tastes fine, maybe even good. But the color of the stuff makes me wonder how long it's been sitting out after having been pre-made. Regardless this place still deserves a stellar rating.Pork tacos. Chips & green salsa. Draft beer. 
Need I say more?  Also a big fan of the Juan's Taco Salad. Again, with the green salsa.Delicious and HUGE burrito. Very authentic compared to the "mexican" we get in Boston (where I live). The frozen margaritas were also delicious (though a little sweet for my taste) and also HUGE. I would definitely go here again!Cool place.  Service was good/fun and friendly.  The customers all having a good time too.  We each tried something different. We shared the pork and slaw and also original flying burrito.  They were both good, but the pork stood out hands down.  A definite place to try again.After a less than stellar experience at the Mid City Juan's location, I still wanted to eat at JFB. So, I headed to this location. After getting the "why the hell are you here" experience at the mid city Juan's, I was immediately greeted and sat at this location. Within a minute of me sitting down I had a water and my order taken. Chips and queso hit before I could load my email and my entree came out a few minutes after I finished the chips and dip. Waiter was in good spirits but wasn't checking on me every 30 secs(this is a good thing). Food was great, service was spot on, complete 180 from the experience at the mid city location. I will only frequent this location in the future, they have always been consistent in customer service!I love Juan's when I need some good, tasty food.  My favorite is a mango mojito (frozen of course) with the pork and slaw tacos.  They are spicy in a Nola kind of way.  But the pork is perfectly juciy and the slaw has just a little crunch to it.  If I am feeling crazy, I get the chicken verde enchiladas.  Either way, if you want consistently yummy semi-mexican with a little nola add in for flavor...Juan's is the place to go!Juan's is great. I recently moved to New Orleans and was craving some queso dip. I got a recommendation from friend and I was definitely pleased. Although I could fill up on chips and queso alone, I have ordered the shrimp tacos or shrimp burrito every time I've been. I brought my family, who was visiting for Christmas, and they all loved it. Our favorite Mexican restaurant back home closed last year, so they haven't had a good Mexican food fix in awhile. They want to come back here on their next visit, and we went to several other more upscale places. This was their favorite! Sundays they have double margaritas for $5 which is a great reason to visit that day.Hawaii 504 nachos were awesome! Inexpensive margaritas. Definitely recommendOmg I live this place the super green is AMAZING!! I was on heaven as I chowed down for 10 minutes better than any Mexican food I have had in LA!"It's not like what we're used to, just a matter of being in New Orleans, but it does the trick," whispered my friend Mark as we walked inside.  What he said.
It was a new experience getting a Cajun style burrito, but also being served my burrito by an actual waiter.  What?!  Our waiter was fast, nice, and very tolerant of our group sitting for a long time talking med school.
The guac was good, but the chips could use some work.  I had the Al Pastor with carnitas, onions, pineapple salsa, sour cream, jalapenos, cilantro, pinto beans and rice.  My burrito was surprisingly very tasty and had great depth of flavor, but wasn't very well wrapped (I hate it when they fall apart on me!).  It did the trick.It's always busy, but what's not to like?  Pretty good "Tex Mex" style food with reasonable prices and cheap margaritas during happy hour.  The chicken enchiladas are quite good, as is the jerk chicken burrito which is another of our go-to items here.  Guacamole is decent, and while not everything on the menu is a home run most items are quite good - for what they are.  Not traditional or authentic Mexican, not even authentic Tex Mex, but a New Orleans version of it.  Table service can be hit or miss, but welcome to New Orleans.  Bar service on my visits has always been good including for takeout.
I wouldn't necessarily travel long distances to get here, but it's hard to go wrong with Juan's when you need a fix.  Well done.Cheap and great food! I've pretty much tried everything and everything is great. My favorite are the red fish tacos and the frozen mojitos!Fun, funky place in the Garden District.  The food is really fresh and good.  We went back twice while we were in town.  We'll be going there the next time we're there.The pork and slaw tacos were very good. They hit the spot! 4 stars bc I did take out and they forgot my drink. They have so many other good looking options on the menu. If I'm ever back in NOLA, hopefully!, I will stop by again to try some of there other items.Not too bad, we had guac and chips + 2 entree (flying enchiladas and flying burrito). Quite good but nothing astonishing. 
We ended up around 40 Bucks for 2, which is decent.
The kitchen looked a little dirty though, So it kind of pushed me back a little on the overall. But judging by the number of customers, no one was paying much attention!Jerk chicken nachos, queso, chicken quesadilla--couldn't be any better! Amazing guac as well. Very reasonably priced.Great food, shit music (heavy metal!?), and shitty of shittest service. Bar tender is awesome! Tip the man! Chick who served me today (bartenders GF) didn't give a shit about my questions, seemed more of an inconvenience that I was asking about what was in the food (gluten and dairy intolerant). Ordered the shrimp taco (quite nice, huge portion), she brought it out... on wheat tortillas. Questioned it, sent it back. I gave no tip to her at all. Gave a tip to the bartender, he actually spoke to me like a human and smiled. Girl needs a career change, because customer service is not going to be very financially rewarding with such a horrendous attitude. Especially when she gives 0 fucks about peoples FOOD IN-TOLERANCES.Good old trusty Juan's.  I've lived in the neighborhood for 8 years and cannot count how many times I've been there and enjoyed prompt service, great food, and their nice prices.  
I'm giving it 5 stars because it knows exactly what it is and owns it consistently.I have to start this review by saying that we had just eaten at Commander's Palace the night before. Fast forward 12 hours...I have NEVER tasted food so good in my LIFE! I ventured and tried the Hawaii 5-0-4 nachos and a single pork n slaw taco (on the side just to try)! For those who know me, I don't EVER order anything that I don't consider "safe", aka cheese enchiladas, chicken fried steak, pepperoni pizza, etc., but I am SO glad I did! The grilled mango and pineapple salsa were the items that must have put this place on the map! I HATE mangos, but the combination of sultry flavors are what makes these nachos a dish! I've never seen pork on nachos, so it intrigued me. And whole sliced avocados to boot! Their pork is "off the charts" good! People who talk about the bland food...well, quit ordering the "safe" chicken and cheese quesadillas and let your taste spuds appreciate everything else this menu has to offer. And OMG, the pork n slaw tacos! Ahhhh! I was happy with the mild indigestion I had while walking it off! lol Purple cabbage, salsa, cheddar AND pepperjack cheeses complimented the grilled tortilla and shredded pork so well! If it weren't 6 hours from home, we might go back every weekend!Always nice! Really good food and the budget is "easy!" Bar/Waitress are good servers and friendly. It is so nice to eat and to enjoy "Channel."I love Juan's! One of my favorite Mexican spots in New Orleans. The one on Magazine has a fun"rock and roll" environment and some of the best margaritas in town. I suggest getting a pitcher and splitting with friends -- great deal. Also, I can't recommend their chips and queso dip enough - delicious! 
I went last night with a group of friends and the servers were incredibly accommodating as well. One friend and I arrived first and asked to join tables with a larger group mid meal. Our waitress (I wish I remembered her name. She is petite and has red hair and tattoos) was particularly kind - she brought us an extra chips and queso on the house, which we appreciated so much. Made our experience even better.
Some of the entrees can be a bit heavy so be careful before going too "wild." Definitely check Juan's out when you get the chance!Okay, so i've been here more than five times in the past month and a half so I feel like i can write a better review.
i've noticed that Juan's tends to get super busy after 8:30pm. Really, they'll be a wait outside. It's important to note: you have to sign up outside and then wait for your name to be called. Don't wander inside to inquire about a table or you may be ushered outside quickly making your head spin. 
Also, the aforementioned mean waitress has recently become a bar tender and makes an awful-watered-down mango margarita.
But, all the other waiters and waitresses have been wonderfully nice! Just try not to sit at the table in the back that is right up against the waiter(tress) area because they'll be putting napkins and drinks up against your back all night. 
Food has still been good. Yes, it's nothing amazing. But it really does hit the spot when you're craving a quick burrito. The wet burrito is beans, rice, tomatoes, lettuce, etc in a burrito that is covered with cheese, sour-cream, and jalapenos. Bet you can't eat the whole thing! I never have.Wasn't too sure how much I'd like the place with a name like "flying burrito", but I really did!! I'm a San Diego native and threw down the gauntlet with Phil, he totally came through! I had fish and shrimp tacos and they were fantastic. Not only did I enjoy my meal, but my entire party of five people with discerning tastes all enjoyed their meals as well. If you want actual Mexican food with a Louisiana touch, Juan's Flying Burrito is your place!Every time I end up in NOLA, I hit up Juan's Flying Burrito. I'm from Los Angeles and Mexican food is abundant in my city; so you would typically expect someone like me to venture away from it while on vacation but IT'S THAT DAMN GOOD you just have to try it. 
I usually order a Juan's Flying Burrito and get it wet. So huge and filling, enough to feed 2 people. It has a great flavor, it's not bland at all. Their drinks are delicious and so are the homemade paletas (ice cream bars). You must try one of them.
The quality of service is also good. Attentive staff and the wait time is minimal.
So why 4 stars and not 5, well again I'm from LA and I'm use to getting my quality Mexican food for dirt cheap in my city. So based off comparison it's a 4, but stand alone they deserve a 5.The food is decent, though by no means the greatest or most original burritos that I've seen or had. But it is a good price for what you get for the most part. If the review were based on food alone, it'd be three or four stars. 
What killed it for us was the service. 
Maybe it was a bad night for our server, and maybe there is a really good reason for how we were treated. (I've worked food service, I get it; people can suck, and sometimes it feels personal, and it sucks to get blamed for stupid crap.) But this was just bad service in every possible way. We waited, and waited and finished our appetizer before our server even took the order for our entree. Our order was wrong, but it took so long for the server to come back and check on us that we gave up and just ate it. I can understand when things are busy that it isn't always possible to check-in with guests a lot, but more than once during the whole meal would have been nice. Long story-short, even if the food hadn't been wrong, it wasn't service worthy of a big tip. 
What killed it, though, was the server grabbing our credit card slip from the table while we were sitting there, looking at the tip, and then belittling us for not rewarding the crappy service better. Real classy.Great food in a fun neighborhood. I may be giving this place a higher rating due to nostalgia, but I always eat here when I visit New Orleans. There are a lot of cool shops and bars in this part if the city, but this is by far my favorite place to eat. The restaurant has great ambience, the staff looks like they could front punk bands but are still nice, and the food is good. Also, the blended drinks also get the job done.  Highly recommend.I love Juan's.  It may not be authentico, but it's fresh and the drinks are good.  The service is usually decent and fast as well.  It's not fine dining; adjust your expectations and you may enjoy it too.Growing up in Texas made me love Mexican food.  I've been to some good Mexican restaurants, and I can confidently say that Juan's is one of them.  The Gutter-Punk burrito is great for its price ($6.95, hot damn), their fajitas are solid, and the chef is extremely generous with his nachos.  The menu is mostly Mexican, but it has some characteristic New Orleans flavor (Jerk Shrimp and Mango Salad, Jerk Chicken, Mardis Gras Indians Tacos), which is nice for out-of-towners.  The drink menu is pretty extensive and unique, I would recommend shelling out a few extra bucks for a margarita or a Juan's Donkey. Especially a Juan's Donkey.  I'll be back soon to give them more of my money.Love juans! Great food! Great drinks! Great atmosphere! Definitely will be a regular.Those of you seeking authentic, south-of-the-border Mexican may want to look elsewhere because Juan's ain't it. That said, they don't exactly claim to be. This is creole Mexican, and as such must be judged as a different breed entirely. I walked in without specific expectations, and therefore was not disappointed. 
I ordered the three amigos nachos without cheese or yogurt. The server, hinting that the dish might be boring without the dairy, offered to have guacamole added in place of the cheese, so I said sure. I kinda regret that because they ended up dousing the chips in an ungodly cascade of guac, but hey, it was my own fault, and I did manage to remove some and thus locate the other components. The tofu was smoky and delicious and the salsa was quite tasty. The beans, as well, had good flavor. 
And did I mention the portion size? This mountain of chips and toppings was a thing of beauty--nothing short of epic. I barely finished half! Prices are super low for what you get: only 7.25 for my meal!
So bring your appetite, leave your usual standards for Mexican cuisine at the door, and you'll probably go home happy.Juan's is a staple here in Nola and after one visit you will see why. Everything on the menu is delicious and the margaritas are some of the best in the City. I love the nachos. So good and so much food.Happy hour specials, including $1 PBRs if you wanna keep it cheap. Staff is very friendly and on point, and the food is amazing. Came here at the recommendation of hostel staff, and was not disappointed.Been a few times, enjoyed the quesadillas and sangria pitcher. Might even be better than ChipotleOh yum!!! very good, very fresh!! We had the chips & salsa - the salsa was very tasty - good chunks of tomatoes, etc fresh squeeze of lime juice... mmmm & I had the wet burrito - wow - very tasty - ALOT of food - could not finish that sucker! My honey had chicken tacos & he gave me a bite of the chicken - very nicely seasoned - very tasty!! we went at lunch & enjoyed the atmosphere! 
Still freakin' awesome - last couple of times got their Juaha Roll - a "sushi" roll with grilled chicken, spinach, avocado, salsa, jack and cream cheese rolled in a spinach tortilla - sooooOOOOOOOO good!!!!! mmmm addictive!!! Yum-freakin' OOOOO!!!!I might be biased being from California, but Juan's doesn't do much for me in the burrito department. I ordered the super burrito (with sour cream and guac) with steak and there was no sour cream and barely any guac so I had to ask for more. It was pretty tasteless and definitely nothing to write home about. 
On the other hand, the queso is pretty good and I have had the nachos before and they are pretty good as well. Overall, will not be returning and you can find better burritos at Chipotle and better nachos at Rum House.I'm always sketchy about eating at new Mexican food places, but after going here with a friend, I was sold. The chicken tacos are amazing, but the margaritas are even better. And for happy hour you get a large one for $5!Solid 4 star joint. Would give you 5, but your music can be too loud and I don't care for it, lol.  Food is ALWAYS great and consistent. Wet burrito and taco salad are our comforts here. The tacos are also very good.Yum... signature burrito. Juicy healthy. Just come and eat. Waitress nice service. We ate there between breakfast and lunch as a snack. They cut it into half and serve the two halves in two separate baskets w/o we asking.Great. Great. Great. It's is great at what it seeks to be and prices are very fair. Nachos were fresh and all of those whom I went with (5) were very happy with what they ordered. Waitress wasn't the best and seemed to not like her job very much but she got us everything in a timely manner so she did do her job.Came across this cute place and food was great! Service even better! Great assortment of tacos, burritos, chimichangas, and more!This place was actually good. The chips and queso were amazing. I had shrimp tacos that were better than expected. My wife had a chicken quesadilla and it was great. This particular location was lowkey and chill. I would recommend this spot to everyone.Juan's Flying Burrito was very good to eat at, but also muy hipsterville... not that that's a bad thing.Went here for the first time last night and wasn't disappointed.  It was hoppin' (Saturday night), but we were seated immediately and had beer and chips within a few minutes.  I got the flying burrito, mainly because it had shrimp, chicken AND steak.  It was delicious, but it'll be with me for another day or two if you know what I mean.  Great place for cheap/filling eats and beer.First off. I am a huge Lucero fan and when you go into this place they have an old poster from 2002 I believe. So that made it  for me to begin with. I had a Al Pastor Burrito and it was pretty darn good. I will go back for sure.I was super happy with this restaurant! I went for the first time with friends and it was delicious! The service was quick and prompt. We were seated immediately and had our orders taken as soon as we sat down. The server really made the experience even better though. She explained what each meal was, answered all questions, and refilled before we even noticed we needed a refill. She was so kind and polite. Our food came out quick. I ordered the Flying Enchiladas which came with three types of enchiladas. I was beyond happy with the service, food, and affordable price!My friends and I were wandering around the Garden District and stumbled on this place. Great food, great service, and a lovely, lively atmosphere. Would come here all the time if I lived in New Orleans!A great place to be. The motto should really be "come hungry, leave happy" because it's an amazing experience every single time.Yes, I am a fan of Juan's and have been for a very long time. I love its casual vibe and for me it's the best Tex-Mex in the city for the value. 
Salsa, guac and queso all get an A+ from me, as does the Habanero Pineapple salsa. Seriously put it over everything! 
My favorite items are the burritos and the pull pork tacos. You can't go wrong with any of the burritos, even the veggie ones are good and you can add meat to them if you want. 
Last tip, whether you get the well margaritas or the top shelf they are ALL strong! So, stick to the single or if you're in a rush get the double it will get the job done.
Ps. Sorry there are no photos of the food as is my custom but really all burritos look the same.This place is one of my fiance's favorite places. The happy hour double shot house margaritas are really good. I had the red chile chicken and goat cheese quesadilla and it is awesome! it comes with a side of this white, creamy, cucumber salsa and I loved that!! Yum!!! My fiancé also loves the flying burrito, the fish tacos, and basically anything else you can order here. He eats her three times a week! I will definitely be back.Te amo, Juan's. Your burritos are filling, and your drinks are... I can't recall, but I know they are good, too. Check out the vegetarian options, which are plentiful, including the veggie punk and the Mardi Gras Indian tacos.This place is still my go to Mexican restaurant, but I guess they're trying to appease whiney people by filing down the sharper edges of the atmosphere, which is a little disappointing but I can't blame a business for trying to draw a larger crowd. If we didn't have any uptight cranky people in the world we'd probably have a lot less tourist spending money here in New Orleans, so be it :DI very seriously have no clue how people give this place a bad review. I moved to Louisiana last year, and I ate juan's the first day here, and I've gone back at LEAST once a week since. The food is amazing if you're not boring and like to try their unique dishes. 
Be adventurous if you're going to go. The music is only loud at certain times of day (when it's slow and they feel like enjoying their music; it's understandable). The wait staff is great, there's only one girl there who I have an issue with, she tends to ignore my politeness and pay attention to my boyfriend. I mean, if you like him, be a little less rude about it. Anyway, everything is amazing here, the food, the art, the atmosphere, the location, etc. oh, and their back outside area is pretty cool too.
I recommend this place to EVERYONE and honestly, if I could live upstairs and never have to cook again, I ABSOLUTELY would!!!!
Favorite place to eat ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Also, for anything that I think people might wonder when thinking about coming here:
- The atmosphere is "rock" I suppose, they play some hipstery music sometimes, some metal stuff, some hair band stuff, all kinds of stuff.
-The waiters/waitresses are mainly all tattooed, they're all very friendly, it's mainly all ladies with the customers and men in the kitchen [you can see the entire kitchen, so you know they're not spitting in your food or anything, haha]
- They have large booths, small booths, and tables with chairs.
- There are tvs with movies/shows on and occasionally sports playing. They actually turn the captions on so you know what's going on.
- They have awesome desserts, delicious cupcakes and popstars! [unique popsicles]
- It's very family friendly, considering I ALWAYS see families with kids in there. [Never seen any annoying/loud children though, thank god] There's also a kiddo menu.
- The outdoor seating is nice and plentiful, there's only two tables out front, but there's more out back! It's fenced in and you don't have the homeless walking past you giving you looks.
- The wait for seating is never too long and it's always worth it.
- You can pick up food to go, and they have togo cups for drinks [which, it sounds stupid to bring up, but sometimes buying a fancy drink isn't worth it if you don't know if you'll be able to finish it before you leave]
- The waitresses never ever make you feel guilty if something isn't the exact way you wanted it. I've had my taco's soft shell a liiiittle too toasted [so they'd crack a little when I went to pick up the whole thing] and they've been VERY polite about the situation!
- AIR CONDITIONING AND FREE WIFI, THANK THE HEAVENS!!!!
- The cups your sodas come in are HUGE and you'll likely not ever need a refill.
- Parking is never an issue, there's plenty of residential side streets with no meters.
- The specials boards always change and have mouth watering food on them, order that stuff, you won't regret it.
Okay okay, sorry. Now it's obvious how much I love the place, hahaha.Invisible, clear cheese?  OK , Momma didn;t raise no fool.  I like cheese, that is why when you asked me if I wanted cheese, I said yes.  Cheese improves the flavor of most foods, foods including the tacos I ordered.  That is why I was miffed about not having cheese on my tacos.  Extra miffed when you tried to blow smoke up my ass and said it was on the bottom, melted.  You think I am THAT dumb?  Forty two years of eating well didin't give me hips like this for nothing!  Well, minus 2 for the silly lie you really should not shit a diner like myself.  My husband was embarrassed for you.  Minus one right there.  Now, please remember for next time, the Mrs. likes the cheese, not the invisible, clear, and tasteless cheese, BUT the pre packaged, pre shredded cheddar style cheese.  Thanks again Juan.This is a great little New Orleans style neighborhood Mexican spot. It was one of the first places I sought out when moving from a different state, 6 years ago, and it hasn't changed much! Delicious fresh food  at a great price! Tasty mojito's & I want to try their Popsicles this summer! I love love having this place in walking distance!! I'm a regular.. My favorites are the pulled pork tacos!I had the gutter punk with  guac & chips. Juans keeps the food quality consistant & reasonably priced. It was also out in like 15min fast & was hot & fresh l will definitely return to this location.This is the best Mexican place in town! The ambiance was great - it was a little dark, but the decor is very cool and unique. I went there with a friend, and we were seated immediately in a booth. The booth was a little grungy looking (cracked leather seats and a sticky table) but the food more than made up for it. The service was adequate, but our server just did the bare minimum and I got the feeling that she didn't want to be there. I ordered the Flying Enchiladas, which had beef, chicken, and shrimp, and she ordered the Cheese Enchiladas with crawfish. These dishes came out super fast, probably less than ten minutes after we ordered. Both of these were completely smothered in cheese and absolutely delicious! The portions were very large and satisfying - I was starving and just managed to finish my food, but she ended up taking about half of it home. As college students, we're always looking for a good deal, and we definitely got the most bang for our buck at Juan's. If you like Mexican food, then I definitely recommend that you try this place out!I couldn't believe how inexpensive but awesome this place was! My gf & I had a great dinner for under $40! She really loved the jerk shrimp salad and my tacos were bomb. Would definitely be back here and the patio was nice.I've eaten here twice since moving to New Orleans, and I have to say I you can't go wrong with Juan's.  As a vegan from New York who would frequent Chipotle for their veggie burrito / salad I have to say this place has it beat by a long shot.   I've had the supergreen and spicy vegan tacos and both were some of the most amazing meals I've ever eaten.  There's plenty of things on the menu that they will gladly veganize.  They even give you a free refill on their amazing chips! I love it.  
On the other end of the spectrum, I guess the cons for this place would be it's always busy and as a result somewhat dirty.  It has a great vibe to it though, so don't let that stop you from trying it.
"We finally found a place we can agree on."
-My omnivore girlfriend, I think that sums things up nicely.Juan's makes funky, delicious "Mexican" food.  I'm not sure what you really call it (punk-Mex?) but it's good.  It has an eclectic mix of burritos, quesadillas, and other fare.  
I like the Western burrito myself--grilled veggies, a meat, some sour cream and cheese.  Their Bacon Azul quesadilla is a big mess of cheese, bacon, beef--throw salsa and ranch dressing on it (included) and it will help put you in your grave with a smile.
Great for vegetarians too!!
The original Magazine location has a completely different atmosphere than Mid-City; it's got a funky vibe to it and draws a lot of clientele from the Lower Garden District.  Staff is great.Juan's is always a solid choice. Service is fast, menu is extensive, drinks are strong, and it won't break the bank. 
I recommend the Juaha rolls, red fish tacos, or enchiladas. I'm not giving it five stars because sometimes things are a little off. Last night one of my red fish tacos only had two penny sized pieces of fish in it. That being said, you get what you paid for and at least they're using a local + sustainable fish. They also only serve crawfish in season...some places in the quarter charging $30 a plate don't even do that. 
The cucumber margaritas are also good. 
My favorite thing about this place is you could wear pajamas and no one would care. Not true of a lot of spots on magazine.punk rock beer and burrito dive, but great fold, was there way ahead of the burrito bar fad, service marginal provided on level of sobriety, think full arm sleeve tattoos and face piercings is prerequisite for a job there, but all falls into the experience, hence not a place for everyone, but a classic none the lessAverage Mexican - not sure why it has 4 stars?  We had the chips and guacamole and a cheese quesadilla with tomatoes, onions, etc.  It was good, but not great.  We appreciated the tables outside on the sidewalk.CAN WE SAY THIS IS THE BEST RESTAURANT TRYING TO SERVE HISPANIC FOOD IN THE CITY?!?
The food is amazing 
The temperature is always correct 
The flavor is always correct 
You will never leave disappointed
The service is great to say the establishment is small and always busy 
The employees are soooooo outgoing 
The managers even match their employee's personality 
The scenery is lovely, it sets the mood for anyone to enjoy themselves as they eat and converse with others, as well as for some who dine in alone. 
As you walk in the restaurant you may think to yourself, "Uhm, it is too crowded and too dark." As you wait to be seated you begin to feel differently about your surroundings. Don't waste your time reading my review, go try it for yourself and then return and like my comment.Super tasty food, had the Wet burrito with steak and loved it but too much to finish it all! Great location on Magazine Street. Their margaritas (I had lemon-berry, it, rather they, were delicious) are available to-go!Great tastey burrito's and quesadilla's.  I got my first burrito wet and came with a heaping mound of sour cream and mole sauce.  The second time I went opted for the pork and pineapple slasa burritto also delich!  My wife loved her quesadilla.Someone told me the other day that my Yelp reviews are "too nice". I'll admit that unless service is horrible and I really hate the food, I will be pretty generous with my ratings. However, my four stars for Juan's were totally well earned.
Juan's is a New Orleans classic for Mexican food. I headed over here for dinner, and since I was in a "burrito" mood, I got the "wet burrito". This is a burrito packed with beans, rice, lettuce and salsa and topped with red chile sauce, melted cheese, sour cream and jalapeños. The burrito is HUGE and was so good. I was going to snap a picture, but before I could, that burrito got ate.
The service was friendly and I like that the restaurant itself is dim and kind of cozy. Juan's is small, so there is going to be a bit of a wait for a table, if you go during busy lunch and dinner hours, but I waited less than 10 minutes at 8:00.I was originally drawn to this restaurant because who doesn't want to try out a place that says "creole taqueria" on the sign? Then there was the part where the people who run the yarn shop like it so much they have the menu in the shop so they can order their own lunch there.
I was pleased by all the vegetarian options (hard to find in NOLA) and by the creative flavors on the menu. The sign on the door advertising their various fruity mojitos clinched the deal.
The raspberry mojito? DELICIOUS. so much goodness in a glass! The salsa--yum. The guacamole was passable but not good enough for me to keep eating when I'd just come from Mexico...
I had a wet burrito, to which I added some grilled veggies. So much delicious! I mean, really, so much. As in, it was huge. The burrito was literally the size of my head. It was stuffed with rice, whole beans, grilled veg, and cheese. It was smothered in a slightly spicy red sauce with hints of creole and hints of mexico. Then more cheese was baked on top. It was humongous and yet I ate the whole thing...I left maybe one bite of folded tortilla from the end--and that only because I had just eaten something that was twice the size of my stomach. I couldn't help it, it tasted so good!
The price can't be beat, and the food is good. I'd stop by again next time I'm down there! I want to try out the nachos and the quesadilla with sweet potatoes and...umm...everything else! I looked at the menu for probably 20 minutes before settling on what I would eat, because there were so many options.Juan's Flying Burrito, fell flat on its face.
I had the enchiladas, and have had much better.
My wife had the Quesadillas, and they were BAD.
First, who cooks the lettuce INSIDE of the quesadilla?
You end up with wilted, slimy lettuce.
Second, who charges for the sour cream?
This is not supposed to be cafeteria fare.
The only thing holding this place together was the 
great service.
Go a few blocks down the road to Nacho Mammas..
Where the chips and salsa are not only, but the food actually tastes good.One of my favorite places to grab a meal with friends. Cannot beat the $1 PBRs!We love this place! We visit from Los Angeles often and I never like to have food that we can get at home. Mexican joints are a dome a dozen back home but this place... it's a treasure. That bacon bean dip !! It's so friggin good . Service is always great, parking is easy and food is on point. Extra bonus...? The music! Who doesn't love yo listen to slayer as you eat an awesome taco?!!!Juan's offers great food at very reasonable prices.
I have been to Juan's several times, but my last trip was by far the best. A buddy and I were looking for a lunch place and decided to go to Juan's at the last minute. Even though it was prime lunch time (12:00), the restaurant was busy, but not packed. We were promptly seated and our server immediately arrived to take our drink orders.
This level of service continued throughout our meal. Our server was attentive, but not overbearing.
On this trip I ordered the western burrito with steak. Imagine fajitas wrapped into a large burrito and you get the picture of what this entailed. It was wonderful. the steak, onions, peppers and cheese all combined to make a juicy and filling burrito. Fellow Yelper Shannon S.'s suggested I ask for the habanero hot sauce when ordering. i did, and I am glad. The sauce was hot, but flavorful. It really made the burrito even better. In fact, this may have been the best burrito I have had in the city so far.
I really enjoy Juan's. If you're in the Garden District and looking for reasonable, good food, give Juan's a try.i go to juans a lot.  the food is good and reasonably priced....but the waitstaff...ugh.
it's like they don't care.  we waited at the hostess stand for ten minutes before anyone even spoke to us.  then when we finally sat at the dirty table, our server forgot about us.  this is just one example, but it's totally typical of every time i go here.  if the food wasn't good and cheap, i wouldn't go at all.HUGE. The burritos are huge! Love the location, uptown on magazine. The salsa with the chips really good. Maybe it's because New Orleans isn't known for Mexican but I didn't' love it. I did like the options on tortilla's though, they offer slightly healthier options. 
The burritos can smother in what seemed like everything in the kitchen. Friends that I was with, loved it. Chicken Quesadillas were plenty again can get a little messy. But remember you can have your choice of flour, spinach, and wheat tortilla. 
Honestly, I want to try it again the spot looks like it has some much potential. Today just wasn't the day though.The first meal we had when we arrived in NOLA and I was beyond impressed. I got the flying burrito and it arrived very quickly. When I took the first bite my eyes literally lit up. I want some more of this place before I head back home.I'm from Houston and here for a conference and after 5 days, I needed some mexican food. This place was great! Hole in the wall and great service and food!Excellent vegetarian and vegan options. Loved the mild and slightly sour guacamole. Had the flying burrito and loved it. Great atmosphereLove this place!!!! The only thing I can complain about is that their menue is always changing so if you like something it wont be there in 6 months. I ordered a sushi burrito and watermelon sangria about a year and a half ago, fell in love. Now, sadly, they don't have it. The food is always outstanding though, no matter what you order.the Kamehameha nachos are possibly the best nachos I've ever had.
dear lord.
can be a bit of wait with a group but WELL worth it.
i don't know anyone in our group who didn't walk away stuffed.A great vibrant place with amazing Mexican food with a modern infusion of great ingredients.Juan's is solid. Out of all the Juan's, this is the best Juan. 
The quality of the food and consistency set it apart. It's kinda like Creole-Mex with Cajun, Mexican, and Caribbean flavors.
Their happy hour is awesome. Monday - Friday 2-7 and all day Sunday double margaritas for the price of singles and more drink specials. They use 100% agave tequila for their house margaritas and they're like $7.00. 
I always get the same thing. Al Pastor burrito with no tortilla. In the summertime I get the jerk shrimp and mango salad. 
Their guacamole is AMAZING!
Their nachos are mountainous and really really good. 
Place is punk rock and the bartenders are all great. They have a small bar with four seats. You can bring your dog and sit outside. 
I don't know anyone who doesn't like this place. 
Oh! And they sell jugs of their frozen margaritas.Thoroughly enjoyed the shrimp tacos. The atmosphere and restaurant staff were pleasant with friendly smiles. Dining company enjoyed the jerked nachos (they looked amazing!), and the pulled pork tacos...there's a chance I could be making that up , but I'm fairly confident it was the special.There's nothing wrong with the food, it's all pretty good. But I've noticed the servers never smile. I mean, I get it, smiling sucks. But making the customer feel like they've inconvenienced you somehow - not always a good look, holmes.It's simple food but it's good. I've had a a sort of day that I wanted to leave behind and the double margaritas here are fantastic.This is an awesome spot! Juan's Flying Burrito was recommended by our friend who lived in New Orleans, and I definitely see why! We're from Baltimore, and this place definitely had a hipster vibe that reminded me of my Hampden neighborhood back home. The artwork was funky, and our server was very welcoming and attentive. My husband and I split the flying burrito (wet style) and flying enchiladas (these both had chicken, shrimp, and steak), and I had a jalapeño margarita. The food was so good! I really loved the sauce on the burrito. Juan's was a laid back and tasty way to start our day in the Garden District. Highly recommend!Maybe its because i was raised around authentic mexican food, having grown up in San Antonio Texas, but tbis place was seriously just OK. My husband had a burrito with shrimp in it that i could smell from across the table how fishy it was. He didnt finish it and gave him mine. I had the AlPastor which really tasted more like just Mole. Just Meh.Mmmmm.  Mexican.  Lots of it, in different ways, shapes and forms.  Fresh, comforting, delicious.  So good!  Everyone's order was tasty, and I know, I had a bite of everything.
Service not so much.  There isn't anything I can't tell you to order, my only advice is to have your ENTIRE order ready to go, drinks and all, at once.  Good luck getting a refill or another beer in a timely fashion.  Don't let it be a deterrent though...come eat here anyways.  But, maybe...order yourself say, 2 or 3 beers and 2 waters with your food.  When the waitresses look at you like you're insane, just smile like Mona Lisa because you already know what they would do before they DON'T do it.  
PS--bring a hearty appetite for the burritos.  None of us could finish ours, and we were hungry...Always have a great experience at Juan's.  The food always comes so quick and is always delicious. Jerk chicken burrito is my favorite!I've been having a hard time finding good Mexican food in New Orleans. After eating at JFB, the search continues. The food isn't bad....it's just not really Mexican food.  
YES, the burrito's are wrapped in a tortilla.
YES, they have guacamole and chips and salsa.
BUT... it's not spiced as Mexican food should be...and maybe they're trying for something else, like pseudo - mex.. I don't know. 
I mean it's Uptown on Magazine, so maybe it's just being trendy touristy food. 
THE FOOD:
I had the guacamole, chips and salsa. Guacamole was like whipped avocado or even store bought tube stuff. No onion, lime, garlic, or some places have diced tomato in it. Chips. Warmed store bought stuff. Salsa... was sweeter rather than flavorful. Sometimes you have to ask if they have a hotter salsa, but all they had was Cholula hot sauce and habenero sauce.  The habenero was tasty. Had some pop and flavor. 
I also ordered a Flying Burrito.  Again. Had some flavor, but no spice, no cumin, no adobo. The black beans were just that. Pureed black beans with some whole ones. Didn't taste like they were made with onion or garlic or anything. Had shrimp, chicken and meat in it. More guac. 
The cornerstone of Mexican food, the jalapeño was missing completely.  No cilantro, either.  
Like I said.. it wasn't bad, it was just pseudo food, or OUR TAKE on kind of mex food.
It's kind of a get in-get out place. Some places are sit around, enjoy the atmosphere,  have a few drinks kind of places. This didnt seem like that. Lots of twenty somethings stopping for take out orders. 
Grunge - metal playing with cartoons on the TV. 
The food I gave 2.5 stars, the Margarita was ok, so I rounded up.$5 margaritas (in a pint glass)? $3 micheladas? An outdoor courtyard? What's not to like? They also have some add-ons that were kind of cool, like tangerine-infused Tequila for $1...
Having lived in California, I'll have to go back a few more times before judging the food!A refreshing break from some of the more traditional New Orleans cuisine.  This hits the special little Mexican spot in my belly that I cannot shake from growing up in California.  Great prices for some TASTY Mexican.  Fantastic stop while strolling Magazine. Great selection of tacos and drinks.not sure about all these rave reviews..if you ever make mexican food at home you can make better burritos. Every burrito ever eaten here has been cold in the middle. The place needs a thorough cleaning. It is hard to believe in this day and age food this mediocre still gets rave reviews. me no get it.Ok...I'm going to start by saying that the food was great!!! This is Not Authentic Mexican food, but if you no this before eating here you won't be disappointed...The Nachos are yummie!! It's Big enough for 2 ppl and the Burrito was filled with meat/things...I call this the Cajun Creole Mexican Eatery...My reason for giving Juan's 3 stars was that the waitress was disrespectful...I'm going to start by saying that her service was good, but when the bill was paid(credit card)she give us the card back and we sign the receipt, also we TIP her(Ms.Tattoo w/cute face art) In CASH...We put the cash in the credit card holder, so I guess she didn't see it...O My Gosh!!! She chased behind us as we were leaving out the door and she said loudly "Was my service not good" we said yes it was very good, so she says "Why you didn't tip me"...Everyone outside and inside heard this...I was out done by this and than when she found out we Tip her, she did not even say Sorry or Thank You...I hope the next time she checks her table before putting customers on the spot...I really felt as if this was 1920 and we were being jugde, if you know what I mean...I wasn't going to review this but it needed to be said...Note: this happened about 3wks ago on a Sunday eveningIf you want flavorful food with a kick, this is the spot!  The jerk chicken burritos never disappoint and the spicy slaw has a nice punch.  Great bites at a great price!Great! Food was great, our waiter Hilary was great, decor was great, even Simpsons on TV were great! THE place to go in NOLA!If you like what's on the menu then you'll love it here. If you ever want them to make something that isn't exactly how it is on the menu then I hope you still like what's on the menu because you're going to get your food exactly as it is on the menu. It's like they take offense at any request for an item without this or plus that and refuse to give you the order you wanted.Juan's is great for Tex-Mex and drinks, and I've eaten here probably five times . Everything I've ordered has been awesome, with my favorite being the Flying Burrito. The atmosphere is hip but the lines are long to get a table on occasion. However, this is probably the best Juan's location.While 'burrito' is in its name, Juan's Flying Burrito (in the LGD) has some of the best tacos in NOLA. 
If you decide to head down there, wear whatever you like -- it's not dressy at all -- and you can get quick, delicious food and a great margarita with great prices.
The pulled pork tacos, the chips with guac, cheese and salsa and a margarita are hard to beat, IMO.
If you do fancy burritos, you won't be disappointed. The Al Pastor burrito may be the best on the menu if you are a carnivore. Vegetarians don't fret. They have you covered with plenty of veggie-oriented items. I haven't tried the vegetarian items, so I can't help you in the tastiness that lies within that portion of the menu.
Nachos, I have tried -- repeatedly. Hawaii 5-0-4 nachos are irresistible if you want a spicy sweet entree. Don't get crazy and order everything I am loving, because you won't be able to finish all of it. The portions are a great size and you'll likely take some home -- with the exception of the taco plates. The plates come with three tacos. So if you are starving, order the chips and salsa with guac and cheese with the tacos. Otherwise, most other dishes will have you stuffed.
You can search a lot of places in NOLA for great Tex-Mex food, but it's hard to beat Juan's. I held out going there for years. I'm sad I did, because now I'm addicted.Super yummy. Also super cold, but the food-induced satisfaction outweighed that. I had the Blackened redfish tacos and it was absolutely delicious. My Texas-raised boyfriend said it was his new favorite place in New Orleans, which is high praise from him! The service was also perfect. The only reason I wouldn't give it 5 stars is that the guac didn't seem to be homemade. Nevertheless, I will be back soon!We had to wait about 20 minutes for a table.  The supreme grande nachos were excellant. I ordered a special the crawfish wasn't fresh sent the dish back the waitresses was nice about it
I will go againThis place is absolutely delicious! Came here as it was close to where to I am staying and didn't know id find a hidden gem! Ordered the jerked chicken nachos which are the best nachos I have ever had! Then for mains I ordered the red blackened fish tacos which was delicious. Would definitely recommend coming here, it is also relatively cheap for a sit down dinner.Mouth watering just thinking about our last lunch here.  Great hangover spot, ultra fast service, unique staff and awesome food make this a must stop at location when we're in nola.  The red chile chicken and goat cheese quesadilla is out of this planet good and a steal!This was a great NOLA find when we needed a veg friendly place but really wanted Mexican food. I ordered a smothered burrito that was literally the size of a jacked man's forearm. No regrets. There were lots of various options, and it was in a nice area.Do not eat here if you have ever eaten real Mexican food.
Unfortunately this may have been some of the worst Mexican food I've ever eaten and I am still in complete shock that this restaurant has so many 4-5 star reviews.  Cannot believe it!
The guacamole is NOT freshly made but tastes like the frozen kind purchased at Costco.  To make matters worse they charge $4.95 to serve the grotesque green sludge with store bought chips.
The red enchilada sauce tasted eerily similar to marinara sauce and the rice served with the meal is from a box.  I cannot believe I actually spent money at this restaurant when there are literally hundreds of amazing restaurants to dine at in New Orleans.  Please spare yourselves and dine elsewhere.Juan's Flying Burrito blows all other New Orleans Mexican eateries out of the water and to the moon - hands down!
The atmosphere is fun, edgy, and youthful. While still maintaining (somewhat) of a Mexican flare, Juan's decor is dark and artsy, representing a cool hangout for college kids, young adults, etc. Definitely appropriate for all ages, but safely targeting the youthful, partying market.
The menu is great, overall. It seems that there is something for everyone: tacos, salads, dips, etc. My personal favorite: the quesadillas. The red chili, chicken, and goat cheese quesadilla is perfection folded into a flour tortilla. Savory chicken, pungent goat cheese, and sweetness of the chilis marry together perfectly. Another great quesadilla is the Bacon Azul, featuring (you guessed it) bacon! The kicker:  it's smothered in gooey bleu cheese. (Mind you, I am a sucker for bleu cheese; bacon I could live without.) The salty combo was perfect for a bleu cheese loving carnivore. 
Overall, Juan's is definitely a place that I will continue to take family and friends to visit. Weighing in at around $10 per person, without margaritas (obviously), it's cheap and better quality than one of its main competitors, Superior Grille. Absolutely where I will be drinking next Cinco De Mayo.Great spot for getting together with friends and having some delicious food and great drinks.  There's something about the atmosphere here that I really like, especially when sitting out front or indoors.  Out in the back it felt a little isolated but it could have just been the day I was there.  The enchiladas I ordered were all gone very quickly.  You will definitely like it here!Every time family comes to visit I take them on the double decker bus tour and every time we go through Magazine Street the tour guides always point out this restaurant and today my husband and little girl finally hit it up. It was awesome really cool atmosphere very nice waiter and great food! Definitely would love to come back!The Western Burrito and a popstar. Man, I love these guys!
Delicious food, good prices, FAST, outside is dog-friendly (in front only), take cash and card, nice people, fun ambiance. 
I go about weekly, if not 2-3x/wk. 
Their quesadilla with ground beef is pretty poor, though. Stick with the JFB, Western or nachos. SO GOOD.We were visiting NOLA and were thrilled to find this joint within walking distance to our hotel. Their guac and salsa is good, and their menu has some neat local flair to it. We ordered the Mardi Gras Indians tacos, and they were unique and quite good. The service was good and the atmosphere is fun. I'd definitely visit again!First time here with some co workers for lunch. Very cool atmosphere. Lots of different takes on Mexican foods. Cool combos and things. I had the jerked nachos and they were very good. The chips were a little too hard for my liking but the flavor of the chicken was very good. Our waitress was awesome, too! She was very attentive and helpful when we asked different things about the menu. Our drinks were refilled before we even noticed that they needed to be. Would love to come here again next time I'm in town!!Juan's omg what a find. Just ask the mailman. On Magazine in the Garden District don't miss it. It is not your Mama's taquieria. The Banh Mi tacos will drop you in the dirt. And don't miss Margarita Monday. Ask for Marty for the best time.Juan's never gets old. I love all of their food. I always start with the guacamole and queso with chips which is just awesome. Never skip on the margarita either. The premium ones are very affordable and worth it. The Spy Boy is a winner. Then choose either a ginormous burrito or the many taco choices. Another margarita will get ya feelin good. Always gotta check out the specials because they don't last long and are usually a must have. They also carry homemade popsicles and cupcakes, which are delicious also, but unfortunately I usually never have room for dessert. This place is a New Orleans spot for sure, rockin servers and decor. LOVE LOVE LOVE!It's alright. Out of a few visits (to other locations mainly) I've only ordered 1 entree that I enjoyed.
That was the al pastor burrito which I ordered this previous visit. It had grilled onions and pineapple in it as well, which I both love so it made a burrito that I truly enjoyed. That, and it was somewhat spicy as well which was a nice surprise since I love spicy food. I didn't need to put any more hot sauce on it.
The caliente margarita was okay... not as good as the spicy margarita at Arana just up magazine. Happy hour is a pretty good deal for drinks though so check it out at any of their locations if you're in the area
As far as service goes, it was good. However, when it came to be closing time, our group neither knew the time that it was closing nor noticed that they were closed until some employees were standing around looking at us. I'm not sure how long that was going on as my back was to them but when we noticed we apologized and left. We were wondering why they did not just come up to us and let us know that they were closing rather than standing around staring?/glaring? at us... but I digress.
I would say go to Juan's if you're in the area and feeling lazy. Looking for a less expensive option. Want drinks during happy hour. That's all I can think of right now... otherwise go elsewhere.This is the ultimate mexican place in New Orleans. They have the best best vegan options. They also have great margaritas and the staff have been great.
Thank you Juan's for remembering that vegans do exist, even in New Orleans.Juan's, I love your chips when they're still warm, and I love your salsa which is fresh and delicious with a little bite to it.  But if I ever eat anything besides that at your place again, next time I'll take the Mardi Gras Indians without the side of medium length, wiry black hair you added free of charge to my to-go order. It left a bad taste in my mouth. And I had dental floss in my purse already.Another place I never visit home without eating at. It has been a favorite since I was in highschool. I always get the Veggie build your own burrito with grilled onions, mushrooms, and jalapenos. Yummmmmmmmm.This is my favorite Juan's location. Why? Great music, outdoor patio, no children. Staff is friendly and efficient. AND they will make me vegan tacos.I've heard (non-yelp) things before eating here and my food was better than expected. The margaritas were strong, the burrito was amazingly delicious, and the staff were friendly and willing to talk with customers. Having the female staff all look like Sucide Girls was an added bonus!Stopped in New Orleans to visit during a road trip. Found this place right before it was closing, they still attended us without any problem and we ordered take out. This food was amazing, we were very impressed. Restaurant environment was also nice!My husband and I stopped in last night for dinner and drinks. Started with the trio dip appetizer (salsa, guacamole, and quest). Yum!!
Greg ordered the house margarita and enjoyed it. I, on the other hand, did not have as much luck with my drinks. Started with a red sangria that tasted watered down, then got a blueberry pomegranate lemonade made with vodka that tasted more like vodka with club soda and a splash of lemon. They remade, and it was a little better, but not one I'd order again. The entrees were yummy (shrimp burrito and Cajun chicken quesadilla). 
All in all, food was good and just stick with the margaritas or beers for drinks.We stopped in a couple hours before the start of a parade and was pleased and kind of surprised that it was less than a 10 min wait for a table.  Even though it wasn't crowded, our waitress was a bit harried and overwhelmed but I was willing to overlook that during this particular week because I've worked in the tourism industry and Mardi Gras week is just a rough one no matter what.  Plus, the service is typically pretty good here.    
I'm a fan of creative and flavorful cocktails so I was all about the blueberry pomegranate margarita while I munched on the chips and queso dip.  For my meal,  I don't remember the exact name of the dish I ordered but it was basically beef quesadillas with bacon in it and they were so good and so big that I had leftovers for lunch the next day.  The place is a total dive, but that's part of the charm.  It's often crowded and sometimes loud but it has reasonable prices, good food and outdoor seating when the weather is nice.The service was great and the location being on magazine st was really convenient, but over all it was very average. I'll admit, I'm not particularly a fan of Mexican food, but other than the salsa it was kinda bland. I ordered the fajitas and my bf the sandwich tacos. If I had to come back here again I guess I would, but I wouldn't go out of my way to.Jesus Christ, Juan's.
The saga continues. 
Except, eff that. Tonight I went to Juan's in Mid-City. Service was delightful and prompt; the server was charming and lovely in every way possible. Everything was great!
Until I got home, unwrapped the leftovers of my Supergreen burrito and bit into some m****f***cking chicken, randomly hanging out in the middle of this vegetarian burrito.
Not Amused Vegetarian: Take 2 (In Which Our Heroine Is Still Not Amused)
Now completely certain that something about Juan's, both locations, is just totally, completely screwed.Fish Tacos my favorite thing there but the nachos are awesome as wellThis review should be bad, but somehow its still good.
I've been here a number of times as an out of towner and its definitely one of my favorites in the lower garden district.
On visit one, we ordered a bunch of stuff for takeout. Let's just say one item was not as ordered and another was straight up missing. No worries, the food was plentiful and we still had enough to eat. I called them on it and they offered for me to stop by at my convenience and they'd provide the missing item as well as a free beverage. I took them up on it and they provided a VERY large and delicious mojito in a go cup. Nice fix Juan's! The Flying Burrito was still very delicious even if I ate it as a late night snack instead of for the meal originally intended. Love that combo of steak, shrimp and chicken. I wouldn't have thought I would.
The next one was the jerk chicken burrito which I was hoping to be spicier, but its ok. The hawaiian style Nachos were excellent.
My one critique is they don't seem good at substitutions or leaving things off. If its important to you, make a BIG deal with the waitress so they really remember.
Lots of veggie options here to which always helps with a group.Love this place! Just had a red chile chicken quesedilla--nice combination of flavors, very tasty. I'm also a fan of their salsa, bean dip and creative margaritas.Great food. Plenty of choice for veggies which is a big deal when you're travelling in the US. Good service. Only downside was the music - bit intense - was thrash metal or some variant the night we were there. Lots of the customers seemed into it but for me it was just a bit much. Didn't stop me enjoying the food though. Would certainly go again.We split nachos and the al pastor burrito. The burrito had a strange taste, but the nachos were good. It seemed like they had been sitting out for a long time, because the middle was already soggy.  My biggest issue was the service. Not at all friendly or warm. Had to wait ages for a refill and then to pay the bill. It seemed that the staff was more into creating an "alternative" vibe than ensuring that the customers had an enjoyable experience. Will not be returning.A California native, I was looking forward to trying Juan's after all the hype built up around it. I was quite disappointed, as the food was mediocre at best. While our server was accommodating, the Flying Burrito I ordered was poorly put together with the tortilla completely falling apart. There was very little meat in the burrito and there was just way too much sour cream for it to be satisfying. The rice was hard, it lacked flavor, and the hot sauce was DEFINITELY not spicy in the least.
The guac was mediocre, the salsa was mediocre, and they charge for  a miniature side of jalepenos (at Felipe's, all the condiments are free, INCLUDING jalepenos). I left feeling rather unsatisfied and disappointed. Felipe's is about a trillion times BETTER than Juan's, I have to say. Not to mention, 4 hours post burrito, my stomach is feeling a bit noxious at the moment...
Save the trip and head over to Felipe's for authentic, flavor-filled nosh...We went here with our friends that live in new orleans.  The place was packed on a Friday night but the waited wasn't bad.  At first the place looked like a casual mexican place, but after I tasted the steak quesidilla I was blown away.  It was the best quesidillas I have ever had.  It was a steak bacon goat cheese quesidilla.  Also it was really big.  the atmosphere was cozy and staff was friendly.  If you are in the garden district I would recommend this place.I spent 3 weeks in New Orleans and this quickly became one of my favorite places.  The nachos, salads, tacos, burritos are all wonderful!  Huge portions, great atmosphere, easy-going staff.  HIGHLY recommend!This place is terrible. Not real Mexican food. They should start by improving the Burrito since it's in the name of the restaurant. Chips and guac were also awful.We came in with a group, got seated right away and received AMAZING customer service from the staff. My husband received his meal and it was cold, and we really weren't sweating it but the management took this very seriously and resolved it right away! A+! Great food, atmosphere and staff/managment.My favorite burrito place in Nola. Food is always correct and hot. Also a nice full serviced bar, perfect to watch any game.yum. yum. yum.
chowed down on the indian tacos after a long day of dancing and damn, did they refuel me. they are so delicious and the sauce is just right. 
the decor is wonderfully nola inspired and the staff is friendly. their desserts are lacking but the tacos are great.I just discovered this place 2 days ago, and we have eaten here twice already.  The food is outstanding, and very fresh.  No questionable chicken here.   The spice is just right, and the flavors are perfect.  Good service, great price.  Parking was pretty easy.  Although, we did drive through floods to get there, so maybe parking was influenced by the rising dirty water.Stuck in California.  Really missing some Juan's.  
This is my favorite place in NOLA.Juan's was super memorable during last visit to New Orleans. I needed a break from all the spicy food and wanted Mexican. This tastes like the real thing and the portions are amazing. I really appreciate how attentive the staff are here and the atmosphere was very nice. It was the perfect way to end my trip as it was filling, flavorful, and it was inexpensive. I'm definitely going to keep this place on my radar the next time I'm in the city.First time at this location, they are just as good as the other location on Baronne! We ordered the Green Goat Quesadilla, Pineapple Mango Tacos and the PorkNSlaw Tacos. Everything came out super quick and the waitress was very friendly.Good solid burritos, didn't get to try other items.  Good options.I wanted this to be my first review on Yelp. It's a staple for many NOLA folks, and certainly so for me. I'm at Juan's at least once or twice a week.
You can "do right" by enjoying any of the nachos, tacos, or burritos. The maragaritas and other drink specials are "always hittin." The Mardi Gras Indian tacos are superb.
Their rolls and sometimes-whacky food specials are best left alone. I've never had any of the salads.
The service is fine. Restrooms are clean, but spartan.
Juans is the one of the best "bang for buck" establishments in NOLA. The food and drinks are very underpriced, especially for the taste, portion, and quality.
Go. Enjoy.Went here for lunch and the door was locked! Arrived at 11:15 and we were denied access. Staff was rude and did nothing even though it clearly states they are open 11-10 Mon-SatExcellent environment and very trendy. Love the music- Can't go wrong with Jack White! Oh, yeah- the food and cocktails were good too. Shrimp Luau Quesadilla was amazing.It is bad enough to be accosted by crusties at every intersection and sidewalk in New Orleans, so it is no wonder I do not enjoy the atmosphere.  I understand that Juan's wants to have a "feel" of being hip. I just don't like the possibility of getting hepatitis from my server with acres of tattoos, more rivets than a battle ship, or a used mop for a hair style. the lighting is fun and original, the music selection is great, however the volume and tone feels like I am standing under the loud speaker in a Korean MASH unit.  I enjoy being able to talk to my friends while sharing a dinner.  
The food is okay.  I do recall years ago when it had flavor and tasted fresh. Juan please have your cooks read over your recipes to make sure they are doing it right.  Your food used to be the bomb.  Is that you don't have the same competition for Americanized Mexican style food that you just gave up?  Perhaps the gutter punk burrito is made from the new wave of gutter punks that have invaded the city.  The rice and beans have no flavor just a bland slop to accompany the bland meat and the mediocre salsa.  The Jerk chicken burrito at least has little pops of flavor from the miniscule portion of chicken inside.  If Burrito was not in the name of your restaurant I would suggest that your signature dish be one of your nachos of quesodillas since they are not served with your bean and rice plop.The carnitas tacos were good, adding the house hot sauce pretty much made the tacos, crawfish queso was delicious too.A little wait upon arriving isn't always a problem. It means great food awaits. This restaurants offerings are plenty and delicious! The service is great and the delivery to table is quick! I loved the meal and was sufficiently full.To start, I come here every time I'm
I'm NOLA. For years I loved this place and always bring people to try it's good local fare.sadly today I had to walk out. After being seated I waited over 20 mins and still no one came up to me. 5 people that worked here stared at me but no one gave me hello or be right with you!!! So I am up and gone... Needs to work on serviceI loved this place so much. Started our meal with the trio of dips. The queso and guac were especially tasty. My friend tried the pork slaw tacos ask for corn tortillas) which were recommended byour waiter and I had the jerk chicken burrito. Both were delicious. The menu had a good variety of choices, a little something for everyone.Dirty? Yes, it can be dirty. New Orleans is a dirty city. Have you ever been to the bathroom at Cafe Dumond? Accept it and move on.
The food here is terrific. Had the Juan's tacos, pork, tacos which were flavorful with shredded pork and black beans. Was asked if I wanted guacamole and sour cream which I did, and which only added to its tasteness. Tortillas are grilled; one was a bit hard. I didn't care.
My friend had Mardi Gras tacos which consist of roasted corn, pinto beans, grilled squash, jack and cheddar cheese and spicy coleslaw. . Also extremely yummy.
All tacos come in threes.
Bottomless glass of sweet tea. Huge huge glass.
Waiters? They can be surly or tatted or indifferent. I don't care. I want yummy, yummy food and Juan's has it.I've only had a burrito and their fish tacos (that people rave about). The tortillas for the tacos were a bit stale and cold and the burrito was not flavorful. At least their drinks are good, and I do like the atmosphere.I wish I could give Juan's on Magazine (not Carrollton location) ten stars. I love Mexican food, and I love this place. Anytime my girlfriend asks where we should go for dinner, the first thing I say is Juan's. I usually and turned down quite a lot, because if we went every time I suggested it, I would weigh 500 pounds! 
Everyone complains about the shitty service, but I have never had a bad experience here! Yeah, it does get busy and can slow down sometime, but stop complaining and drink another $2 PBR in a can! Yes! $2 PBR! Awesome deal! 
As for the food goes, everything goes! I have never been disappointed. Chips and salsa & queso to start are a must! The super nachos are great, but they are huge! Plan on splitting these! All of the burritos are out of this world; The Flying Burrito, Western Burrito, Wet Burrito and Gutter Punk. The gutter punk is my go to. They also have some of the best Blackened Redfish Tacos! 
Wow, writing about juan's is actually making me want to go there right now! Even if the service is shitty, the food it totally worth it! ! ! !Hello, I've always loved juans, normally going there at least once a week. The food and drinks are always great. Unfortunately the last time we went we ordered patron shots as usual and one of the shot glasses was filled with water NOT patron. Our waiter agreed but the bartender did not, she refused that it was water ( and I promise you, coming from a group full of drinkers we know the diffrence). It was very disappointing and we will not be back.Amazing quesadilla... average burrito. Good salsa and guac  the chips are great, light, and crisp.. the kids beans, rice, and cheese was REALLY good.. Just came out piping hot..i really like this place - good food, drinks, and service with reasonable prices and generous portions.  the combo starter is a must and i usually get a pork/beef enchilada or burrito dish.  everything i've had has been good.  also, i appreciate that they're not afraid of spice or heat in the food, which is as it should be.On the pricey side but so much food! And so delicious. Many many options for meat lovers and vegans.This place is awesome!  Great drink menu, super friendly wait staff, eclectic decor, and amazing food. We really loved the mashup of Mexican, Caribbean and Creole flavors. Portions are pretty big, so bring your appetite. (I had the chicken and pineapple tacos, and despite how good they were I could only eat 2/3 and I probably shouldn't have even done that.)  So many things on the menu sounded good, so we may have to go back before our trip is up.I stopped in after a long shopping and walking day on Magazine St and in the garden district.  I sat at one of four bar stools and started with a margarita with Patron Silver - good, but nothing special.  I think at a cute, authentic, non-chain neighborhood place like this they should use only lime juice, no sour mix.  It's a cop out.  
I had the al pastor burrito with a side of guac.  The pork was delicious.  A couple of times I've ordered pork burritos or tacos at other places and have bit into fat chunks -totally disgusting.  At Juan's, the pork was picked over perfectly.  The pork was wrapped up with a lively pineapple salsa and yellow rice.  And not too much rice.  A lot of other places fill the burrito with rice, but this one had mostly pork.  The squeeze bottles of red and green salsas were a nice accompaniment.
The bartender was very friendly and helpful.  And the locals were nice to talk to.  I'd go again on my next trip for a savory casual treat.I am by no means vegan, but I had the vegan burrito and it was great. Extremely rich but it was great nonetheless. It was a great environment to eat.  I have yet to try anything else here, but I will definitely be back in the future. I have no complaints.First time here and had Taco Salad, it was so delicious with amazing flavor! Can't wait to come back!Everybody kept telling us that this was a great place to go.  They were right!  The food was really good and the decor was really really nice.  The place was packed and the prices were reasonable.I have been here several times and every time I'm amazed at how delicious everything is.  Fresh and flavorful!  The house tacos are great as i love Caribbean food.  The juaha roll was delicious and a good veggie option. Yay for happy hour margaritas on the rocks!  5$! Perfect.  The staff were great every time I've come.  The music and atmosphere are consistently great as well. I'm looking toward top eating on the back patio next time.October 2015
The service was decent.  When I informed my server that I enjoy spicy food, He brought over an array of homemade salsas for me to try.  The food was phenomenal, LARGE portion of nachos, excellent margaritas, and it just seemed to be like a little place to grab and bite and go.Excellent tofu options. Good spice level. Enjoyed the veggie tacos. Chicken fajita was also good.I eat here all the time so I guess I should finally pen a review.  
This place is great.  It's gritty-feeling without ever feeling dirty.  It's Mexican food with just the right amount of local flair.  The soundtrack is amazing but it's not so loud as to bug you if you don't like Motorhead, Joy Division, or The Smiths.  I usually get the blackened fish tacos or the signature Flying Burrito and they are both great.  Plus they have a full bar so they're a great place to grab a drink "to go".  
It does get busy but that's the price you pay for being good.  Recommended.I moved to Brooklyn 5 years ago and continue to wake up at night in a cold sweat craving a chicken Flying Burrito. I still come back here whenever I'm in NOLA. I don't know why, but they're food isn't as heavy as other Mexican joints - you don't feel nearly sick after eating.Very funky restaurant in the Garden District. Casual atmosphere with some amazing Mexican Food with a twist. Great fun for us all, and looking forward to going back.I just moved to Nola two weeks ago and have already been to Juan's Flying Burrito three times. Each time I have tried a different vegetarian burrito and all three were great. 
The waitstaff was good the first two visits. However, last night our first waitress was very rude and ended up refusing to serve us and we got a very nice new waitress. Seems the first woman was just in a foul mood and taking it out on everyone. If I ever had her as a waitress again i'd walk right out of there. 
Still, Juan's is getting 5 stars for being casual, tasty, affordable, and veg friendly!First challenge: Nearly everything on the menu sounds delicious.  
Second challenge: Nearly everything on the menu IS delicious.
Proposed solution: Go with others, order family style, and split up the entrees. Repeat.
Finally, you can achieve this repetitive process of serendipitous discovery quite successfully because this place is incredibly affordable.  Oh, and they have 2 for 1 happy hour on their very decent house margaritas until 7p.This place is is not you average Mexican food joint. The food is amazing with a different twist on regular staples. My favorite is the chicken - goat cheese quesadillas. Talk about a party in your mouth!!
Great margaritas, salsa, queso and guacamole. Friendly and fast service. Simply, a delight!My family and I stumbled upon this nice little Gem after leaving a tattoo parlor down the street. I must start out by saying I am a HUGE fan of mexican food, so it is not hard to please me with a good taco and nice enchiladas. When we arrived we had about a 15 minute wait for our party of six. Once seated we were helped immediately. The margarita's were not the best, I've certainly had better, but they were on sale ($6 for a glass, $28 for a pitcher on Sunday) so I cant complain too much, you pay for what you get. Everyone in our party was SUPER pleased with the food. We had an appetizer of chicken nachos and the trio (chips, guac, salsa, and con queso) which was great! Our waiter even did us the honor of creating separate checks and evenly applying the price of the appetizers to all the bills. I ordered beef enchiladas, the sauce was great, which I loved because some places are very hit or miss with enchilada sauce. The rice was....just rice. Not bad, but not delicious. All in all it was the cheapest place we ate our entire trip in the NOLA, and the tastiest. When we come back we will be sure to come here again!Love the Nachos here! They stack em high and will them with goodies. We think it's the best thing on the menu.DO NOT EAT HERE IF YOU ARE VEGETARIAN. 
This review applies to this location and Barrone. I have been 4 times now and this will be my last. I kept going back because there APPEAR to be so many veggie options (which is hard to come by in NOLA), but they always turn out not to be. The past 3 of 4 visits I've made there has been meat in my VEGETARIAN burrito. These weren't meat burritos I sub'd out meat. They were already vegetarian from the description. This time I had shrimp in my burrito and the past two before I found chicken. I do not understand how it is so hard to make what is on the menu without adding meat??? Will not be coming back.Sub par service but the food was delicious and not too expensive.Great food, great waiter, nice atmosphere. I'll definitely go here every time I visit NOLA.If you haven't tried JFB, go now! Had their Jerk Chicken burrito and my friend had their Al Pastor burrito (pulled pork with pineapple salsa) and they were both amazing! Salsa options were delicious, esp their habanero salsa. Ordered to go and they were super fast, barely had time to order two margaritas to go as well before our order was up! Will be back!Found this hole in the wall place while exploring New Orleans looking for a cheap place to eat. This place is amazing for burritos and margaritas! "The best burrito I have ever had" were the sentiments of my husband and me. The prices were reasonable and the two for one happy hour margaritas were VERY strong and tasty! I highly recommend this place. And the atmosphere is really laid back with funky alternative art on display. I do, however, think their specialty is the burrito. We actually went there twice in the same trip, and I wasn't impressed with the other dishes I tried, but the burrito was excellent. And the mint chocolate brownie was actually VERY good. Wish I would have taken more of the desserts with me!Pretty good food though not my favourite Mexican joint in town. The servers and cooks are always great though.I'm from California and have been living in New Orleans for 5 months CRAVING good Mexican food. Totally got my fix today. The El Pastor burrito with pulled pork, brown rice and pineapple salsa, it was AWESOME. It's not Authentic Mexican so go with an open mind and expect the fusion. The atmosphere there was also great along with friendly, helpful servers. I will most definitely be going back. :)Juan's is one of my go to spots for lunch, no matter if I'm famished or just peckish. looking for a halfway healthy meal or trying to give my cardiaologist a coronary. Of course, the burritos are amazing-veggie punk in particular, but that is only a small part of the story. Quesedillas are tasty, with some interesting variations (if I still ate meat, that bacon Azul would be in my belly frequently); there are some strange tacos as well-the wild tchoupitoulas is vegetarian and crazy good, all the while being weird for its cole slaw with spicy/creamy mustard dressing; the cheese enchiladas (boring! you say...wrong! I retort) are my fave ever and finally, Juan's is one of the spots in town where you can buy the amazing, sometimes ingeniously odd cupcakes crafted by my longtime pal, real-life gorgeous soccer mom Krissy Rosenson. Gingerbread with mango buttercream anyone? Banana split with a cherry on top? How about the old school, a recreation of the classic Hostess cupcake (with the little white squiggle on top), only superior to the original by a factor of 8.2 million!Who doesn't love JFB? My boyfriend eats there a minimum of 3 days a week. It's usually pretty packed, but we've never had to wait long at all. My favorite burrito: the Western with shrimp. Lastly, they have POPSTARS: local popsicles sure to induce a mouth-gasm (trust me).The staff is attentive, the chips are fresh and warm, the dip is very tasty. The queso is made in-house-it's fantastic! We ordered tacos and burritos, the downside-it took 28 minutes to get our order. But when the food hit the table-WOW! It was amazing and worth the wait. From the front to the back, the atmosphere is great, or drinks never were empty and for us, this is definitely a do again.I've been twice now to Juan's and definitely plan on making this one of my regular places.
We had Laura as our server today and she was super awesome- they are often really busy in there but she took great care of us. Always a huge fan of good service!
The first time I had the chicken burrito- it was pretty good, no complaints, but I think I like Felipe's slightly better. Chips and guac are always good and the salsa is nice too. Not super spicy, which is how I prefer it.
Today I branched out and tried both the regular fish tacos (with mango salsa) and the blackened redfish tacos. The mango salsa was delicious, although it definitely had more of a kick than I thought- but overall I really preferred it to the redfish tacos. They were both quite good though, and 3 for $9 isn't bad ($7.95 if you only do the fish tacos).
On a grad student budget, it's a great meal for a decent price, and a cool atmosphere.I was here last month and was told that this was one of the best spots to get Mexican food. Agreed! Food was delicious. I wasn't a fan of guacamole until I had it here. Their fish tacos were amazing. Burritos were huge. This will always be the place I'll come back to whenever I visit.Juans on magazine,  you are real cool.  Even though I wish some of your entrees were more creative,  your drinks are so consistently good and strong, i can't help but give you your props. Love the happy hour vibe and loved those fajita nachos!Love it love it fun. Good drinks casual great good come here a lot service very quick and friendlyThe nacho servings are enormous.  The burritos are huge.  They will allow you to mix and match your ingredients to what you want - so your order is not so cookie-cutter.  Prices are GREAT!!!.  waits staff is good.The food can be good & is inexpensive but they are not careful with their food. I have had food poisoning 2x and then a month ago (yes i was going to risk it again) got the chicken wrap & the chicken was raw. They need to change their salsa (it's sometimes fizzy from fermentation). I know they are putting out a lot of food but there's no excuse for raw chicken.Excellent Mexican food in NOLA! Had dinner at the Magazine Street location last night and used the Groupon offer. Our party of 3 had:
Juana rolls with shrimp - light, refreshing, delicious. Best way to describe this one is a shrimp salad with cream and cotija cheeses all wrapped in a spinach tortilla. It is then sliced and presented in a way reminiscent of sushi rolls. 10/10
Flying burrito - steak, chicken, AND shrimp in one burrito with all the fixings. Very good 8/10
Super Nachos Grande - huge serving. Best thing about this is that each individual component was delicious on its own. Light crispy chips, well - seasoned ground beef, chicken, and beans, really good cheese, just-spicy-enough jalapeños. 10/10
Double House Rox Margarita- good & strong 10/10
Whenever I visit a restaurant with a Groupon, my measure of how much I enjoy it is whether or not I would happily return even without a Groupon. My answer for Juan's is a resounding yes!Hubby and I visited  21 October 15, during the lunch rush, around 1200. We ordered the queso with chorizo. It was delish. I expected it to be salty because of the cheese and chorizo, but there was a slight hint of sweetness, making this a PERFECT combo. We wanted the crawfish queso but it was out of season and unavailable. I was not disappointed.  I also ordered the shrimp quesadillas which were on point. I have it four stars because my hubby ordered the flying burrito which he described as a generic burrito he can get anywhere. He says it was nothing extraordinary about this particular burrito. However this place was packed yet service was swift and the food was fresh.Do not sleep on this place! we were seated immediately,  our waitress was very attentive (but not bothersome) and helped with food recommendations. Nice atmosphere for all ages,  yet you still felt like you were in the N.O. if you know what I mean ;) 
The food came out quickly- like right as we finished our appetizer ( I think it was the bad ass bowl or something like that...very tasty) our entrees ..wow! I'm a vegetarian and for once I had so many choices but as recommended, I went with the artichoke quesadilla ..I have never had goat cheese on a quesadilla but it's now my standard. The whole table of meat-eaters almost ate them up. The blueberry margarita was on point (made with REAL muddled blueberries), nice cold local craft beers (thumbs up NOLA)The sauces were great, everything was cooked to perfection. I didn't expect all this from a "dive" bar, then again I didn't expect the best mexican food i ever had to come from the  N.O. either.Consistently great, cheap and fresh.  Try the juaha rolls, the pork and slaw tacos, the badass bean dip, the chicken and goat cheese quesadilla or anything else! It's all great and cheap.  Also good selection for vegetarians.Always a fantastic meal. Tries the quesadillas this time, and was not disappointed. And the staff is always friendly. Never disappointedStaff was great....Manager and Cooks not so much.  I have allergies to tomatoes so i make sure to order appropriately.  Our server was awesome to help me make sure the order was okay for me.  I watched my bites and didn't see any tomatoes, but there were there.  i'm now in my hotel room on my last night in NOLA nursing an allergic reaction instead of going out.  My server, when notified, quickly took care and replace the food.  He double checked the ticket and the cook just didn't follow the order!  I tried to talk to the manager (not looking for freebies, but to let him know what happened) and his reaction was "well it happens."  Cool bro...cause it when it happens to me i'm sick afterwards and it sucks.   I did my part....your server did his....no you do your your and make your cooks get it right.  Be careful if you have food issues because apparently mistakes happen and our acceptable.  This really sucks too, because everyone else working there was amazing.Got the flying burrito for takeout. Shrimp, chicken and steak is a great combo and the burrito 100% hits the spot. Definitely recommend.This is the worst Mexican food I have ever tasted. They forgot my appetizer and told me after I tried to eat their Flying burrito. They are way overpriced and the food is at best horrible. Save some money and go to Taco Bell.Loved the food!   So many choices.  Portions are large and prices are reasonable.  Several good vegetarian options.   Trio appetizer of salsa, quest, and guacamole was sizable enough for 6.   I'd highly recommend this spot!Enjoyed the blackened fish tacos at Juan's while in the area. The chips are guacamole were great!Service was a bit slow but the food was good and cheap!!! I believe we both got the chicken burrito, one with pinto beans and one with black beans. The price makes this place worth trying especially if your hotel is near by like ours was.Mojitos were a little too sweet and the nachos were alright. I only rated this higher because the waitress was fantastic and they let is stay after closing.One of my favorite places to eat when I'm in town.  I like my food more simple, and they use high quality ingredients, cooked to perfection.  The fajitas and redfish tacos are amazing.  Happy hour (until 7 pm) double margaritas (with 100% agave tequila) are $6, which I consider pretty reasonable.
Worth checking out!Worst service. An hour before we got our food. No service from our waiter. This place sucks.Good flavor but disappointed in the blackened fish tacos.  They weren't even close to blackened and very little fish.I never post reviews on Yelp, but I had to for this place. Everything here is amazing and good prices. If you are looking for good Mexican food come to Juan's Flying Burrito.This would have been a higher rating if not for the HORRIBLE service. It is a busy Sunday but for a party of 3 the wait was about 30 mins, not too bad. The service once seated was awful. We've now been here 1 hour and she just brought the burritos. I asked two times for napkins and a plate for my child, never get them. Husband asked for refill on chips and sour cream, also never got them. Wonder how long it's going to take to get the bill now.. sheeshThe food and drinks are just like the other Juan's locations except not as good.  They left off my guacamole on my Flying Enchilada's and the exterior of the enchiladas was extra crispy burned.  After they break in the new staff I imagine they should get up to speed and be as good as their other locations but I've heard multiple reports from other folks about problems they have experienced at this location so they need to jump into some serious quality management ASAP!I ordered a pick up order of the taco truck (steak tacos) and when I opened up the box each of the tortillas has a small morsel of steak. I would expect that of a fast food chain but certainly not from a great place like JFB, especially when the dish costs $11. I'm sure the portion is much better when you order in house but be wary of your order when purchasing take out. Everything else in the order was great so I was disappointed to not write a better review.This is one of the best places to eat in Nola. Any thing you get you'll enjoy and the staff is always on there game and make sure you have any thing you need and make you feel at home ... Thanks guys......Another cheap eats place downtown and I'm not mad at it. When I want yummy cheap Mexican food I can't help but thing of Juan's. I can gorge on queso, salsa and guac until the cows come home. My favorite thing about Juan's is how they don't judge my ability to drown myself in chips and dip, but rather celebrate it. 
I don't care for their burritos as much as I used to since I have fallen completely in love with the quesadillas. Specifically the one with goat cheese, spinach and adobo sauce with cucumber sour cream on the side. Get in my belly! The drinks are on point as they are at the other various locations. 
Thank you Juan's for always having a location within a 5 mile radius of wherever I am now.I love that with each purchase of queso you get one free refill! I ordered three tacos: steak, shrimp and redfish...all great!Unser erster Tag in New Orleans und schon ein "Goldstück" gefunden.
Das "Juan's Flying Burrito" ist eine tolle Anlaufstelle um einen netten Abend mit Freunden bei Essen und trinken in gemütlicher Atmosphäre zu verbringen. Ich habe mir den Juan's Natcho Salat bestellt und war einfach nur begeistert. Man bekommt richtig was für sein Geld und es schmeckt sogar.
Die Cocktails kann ich nicht beurteilen da ich keine getrunken habe. Bei meinen Freunden, mit denen ich dort war, gingen die Meinungen stark auseinander. Eine Kellnerin war sehr aufmerksam und fragte was mit dem Cocktail nicht stimmen würde, da dieser seinen Cocktail mit braunen Zucker verfeinert hat. Sie hätte ihn nämlich neu machen lassen. Sehr aufmerksam an der Stelle was ich so noch nicht erlebt habe.
Ich würde das Restaurant nochmal besuchen gehen.We came all the way from Clemson,SC just to eat here! Not really but glad we found this place.  I was very impressed with the food & Service.  Margaritas at happy hour are the best! Was so good we came back for lunch. Great the 2nd time!Wait staff was excellent.   Recommendations were awesome.  Bestest margaritas in NolaFood was great but not hot in temperature, bbq chicken had a nice bite. A bit slow on service but I would definitely come back.Great staff, didn't expect to have to pay $6.00 for the chips and salsa! The food was goodStopped in here my first night in the city. They have some great drinks, I had the cucumber margarita which was to die for. My sister topped her house marg with sangria and loved it. For food, we split the bacon bean dip and the mardi gras Indians tacos and Juans beef tacos. Everything was very good and affordable. Would definitely recommend!Ok, so this Juan's! I am a regular at the Carrollton Abe location and this was my first visit to Barrone Street and as always...Juan's does not disappoint. The margaritas are to die for (especially at Happy Hour)! As if the visit couldn't get any better our Bartender Val was the bomb! Very friendly and willing to chat with her customers! She also gave us several recommendations for other hot spots in our new neighborhood of the Bywater. Thanks as always Juan's Flying Burrito, you are the best!DO NOT GO HERE. 
This is the first Yelp review I have ever written. Actually, I created an account specifically to review this place. Visiting NOLA with friends for the weekend and wanted to do a quick and easy dinner. We read through yelp and it had pretty good reviews so we decided to go. My boyfriend got HORRIBLE food posining from the steak and/or guac there and said he had never been more sick in his entire life. All of the locals that we told afterwards exclaimed "NO you went there! No wonder you got sick, everyone knows that! Except for you tourists."
Just don't go. Unless you want your vacation ruined, then by all means...Got the vegetarian fajitas and got a plate full of delicious veggies, black beans, and guacamole.  Very nice!
The only thing we didn't like was that the place was super noisy, like the noisiest restaurant I've ever visited.  I don't know how it could be that noisy without actual sound amplification.  :-)  I don't think we would go there with our kids again.I like this location.   I had flying enchiladas, and two double margarita's which were happy hour priced.    we also did chips with guac, queso, and salsa.    Chips seemed like they were store bought as opposed to made there.   My guy got pork and slaw taco's, which the chef accidentally read as something else taco wise.    they were about to remake them, and he said / no worries, just bring what ya made.     the waitress brought slaw on the side.   it was all good.   Everyone seems happy here, and why not?    its a gorgeous location.     congrats on this one guys.After attending a work "event" where I left starving this hit the spot. I customized the taco salad with steak and added avocado. There was a small up charge but I think it was only a buck or two. Maybe it was a fluke but it was a tremendous deal. 
It looked amazing when it came out and don't just take my word for it. The diner beside me ordered the same thing because it looked so good. 
This location is open late, serving food into the night. Nice to be able to get some veggies even late night. The cocktails looks delish too. I can't wait to return and try more of the menu.Cozy, neat atmosphere, great service, alot of menu options....   But wife and I were very disappointed in food and cocktails.  Food was really dry and seemed hastily prepared.   Cocktails were both watery.Love this hidden spot! Tucked away in a new location, I love how quick service is and how friendly the crew is. Been here twice and both times were great! 
Several years ago, I remember them having a sweet potato quesadilla on the menu. When I asked the server about it, he immediately said it was the Green Goddess and gave it to me within 10 minutes. And it was just as good as I remember. Flavorful, spicy and exactly everything I wanted. My friend was also very happy with her nachos and enchiladas. Bill given to us promptly, and bathrooms were sparkling clean. 
A few weeks later, I ordered take-out, and I had the same wonderful experience. Can't wait until the next time!The food makes a turd,but that's about it.  We saw this place walking by yesterday. It was close to the hotel and looked good. We got there at around 2 in the afternoon and it was about halfway full, so it wasn't busy. There was 3 of us and the drinks came fast,but that's where the speed ends. We waited over an hour for our food! I got the flying burrito and it SUCKED! The meat was like warm at best,the rice and beans were COLD. Had good flavor,but was not enjoyable. My wife got the steak tacos and said they were good,but were very skimpy on the meat. The server Shannon was very apologetic and had the burrito removed from the bill. I didn't ask for a comp, just asked what happened in the kitchen. Said they had a big phone order. So in summary no way I could recommend this joint. Again the server was awesome, just chitty food on this occasion.My SO and I needed something quick and easy the other night and Juan's was close by.  So I called in our order and we walked down to pick it up.  We ordered chips, salsa, and guac, as well as flying fajitas (shrimp, steak, and chicken) and an extra order of tortillas.  Chips: good, simple.  Same for salsa.  Guac: meh, not the greatest, but they give you plenty.  Fajitas: they skimped on the meat, lots of peppers and onions, TONS of rice and beans.  The taste was good, but I wasn't happy with the ratio of substance to filler.It was so good and new. I'm Mexican and love tacos but the creole take on these was amazing. The salsas weren't spicy for me but can see other thinking they might be. Michelada are tasty they needed my lemon for my taste.The food quality is above average and portions are average. Service was great. I ordered a shrimp burrito for lunch and loved that the spinach tortilla was toasted. However the price was a little high ($10) given the lack of sides and would probably only order takeout from now on given how simple and straightforward the menu items arePretty good food. The atmosphere is good but it was very loud. Almost every table was occupied and I could not hear my husband who was sitting next to me. Unfortunately once our waitress brought us our first round of drinks and took our order we never saw her again until we asked someone to find her so we could pay and leave. We would have loved more cocktails but never had the opportunity to order more.My friends and i are practically Juan's regulars. They have a great happy hour $6 double margaritas and $2 tecate. We love going to Juan's but i personally find them hit or miss. When it hits it's amazing. The trio appetizer comes with queso, guac, and salsa. When the guac is on OMG it's some of the best I've ever had. Their red chili chicken quesadillas are by far my favorite thing on the menu they never disappoint. Their tacos are extremely hit or miss the buffalo chicken tacos we're super disappoint. The tortillas were rock hard and it just. Overall was underwhelming. The banh mi tacos on the other hand are delicious. We'll keep on coming back to Juan's. I recommend once you find something you like just sticking to it.I liked the house fish tacos with mango salsa and recommend it. 
Went there twice to enjoy it.  I tried their quesadilla - not that thrilling.   I wanted to sit inside - but was very cold inside no matter where i tried to sit.  The second time the person who handed me the bill was like "just 1 tacos" - a fine line between making it fun and enticing to have more, vs complaining. He missed a smile and showing the menu for more, and made it look like complaining that i had less. 
But over all people, ambience and food is good and will recommend it.We found this location while we were looking for somewhere to eat before a show at The Civic Theater. The cucumber margarita is amazing. Our food arrived quickly and was excellent. The place was super busy but service and quality didn't suffer.So honestly not sure why I haven't written a review of Juan's yet as it's actually my favorite Mexican joint in the city. It's nothin fancy but the food is quality and has many vegetarian options which for some reason is hard to grasp at many Mexican restaurants in the area. This was my first time to this location but its consistent with what I have come to expect at other locations. Tastee food, good drinks at an affordable price.  I defiantly recommend looking at the addition ingredients you can add although they can add up quickly to the price they can really ramp up the meal in a fresh and creative way. And hey they had a groupon so why not add some BAM..POW... To my burrito!Juan's is a great spot for locals and tourist alike. I've never had a bad experience here. The food and service are both great,but be sure to grab a margarita when you stop here because you'll missing out if you don't. I'd suggest you grab a Philly Steak Burrito off their specials menu as well,if the margarita won't satisfy you then this sure will. Last of all I'd like to praise Tina. She has the attitude that you search for from the service industry, with the personality to keep you smiling,while going the distance to give you the best experience! So Stop by Juan's! More is flying than the Burritos here!!I was pleasantly surprised. The place was packed on the Saturday night we went. In spite of the crowds, the service was fast, friendly, and accurate. The pineapple chicken tacos were amazing! The taco truck was also very good. I can't wait to go back to try more from the menu!Very helpful and patient staff! Excellent food and very accommodating if you are vegetarian.This was My first try at Juans Flying Burrito. I had nothing but positive reviews before entering. I got a couple of Pabst Blue Ribbons (PBR) for a buck each and a Veggie Punk Burrito for $6.50. The burrito was bland at first bite because the top end only had rice and red beans. I soon got to the jalapeños and other spices in the middle and the seasoning and flavors began to muster and enlighten my taste buds. My food-mates got  Tecate beer in a can  for $2.00 and a $6.00 double pour margarita and Juan's Flying Burrito with shrimp,  chicken and steak. Alcohol prices were happy hour pricing. I will go back and try another burrito or taco for sureTaco Tuesday during lunch hour is pretty packed, but the tacos were tasty; even though, it took about twenty minutes for an order of three tacos. But I still like this place for cheap eats like $2 tacos on Tuesday, and $1 PBR during Happy Hour. Saturday's and Sunday's are all day happy hour. Not a bad deal at all.Awsome food and drinks for a very affordable price. If you visit the branch by baronne corner poydras, look for Tina, she is the best!!I really enjoy Juan's Flying Burrito and their shrimp quesadillas, but the last time I came here just to stop in for a drink, I waited over 25 minutes at the bar for a margarita. The bartender on duty wasn't even doing anything to speed things up. He was just taking his grand old time. I understand I went at a busy time and that there was only 1 (and slowest) bartender on duty, but still! Hopefully it was just a one time freak thing and not a regular occurrence because I would definitely come back here if I'm in the area.One thing that I love about visiting NOLA is the people. Everyone is friendly & will sit and talk with you. We sat at the bar because the place was packed (we came in at noon) and Stacey was our warm & informative bartender. We ordered the chips & salsa, gutter burrito & taco truck plate. The food  was fresh & tasty. If we come back to visit, this will be one of our regular stops.this place is pretty good. i usually go with a burrito, but recently i decided to try something different. i chose the hawaii 5-0-4 nachos, and the chicken and goat cheese quesadilla.
the nachos blew me away. the portion size is ridiculous. this thing can feed a family of 4, easy. i had to put my quesadilla on the side while we chiseled away at the nachos. my friend and i filled up on the nachos and still have more than half of our quesadilla for lunch the next day. we also got to enjoy some beer at very reasonable prices.
the waitress was nice and was around if we ever needed her.
the wait was a bit long, but thats what happens when people enjoy the food and insist on coming back. 
overall, the experience was good and i would definitely recommend if your looking for a mexican inspired dinner.I had take-out and ate in the restaurant during our visit to NOLA.  The food is great and very yummy.  Enjoyed the red fish tacos and flying enchiladas.  When we had table service, the service we received was poor.  After our food was served, our server never stopped by to see how our food was or if we needed anything.  Good thing we liked our food.  I recommend this place to visitors and locals.Our last night in New Orleans and we wanted something other than the local food. This place was the best. The service, drinks ($6 Margaritas), food were awesome! We had the flying burrito and the pollo verde enchilada. Both were so flavorful and portions are big. Our server was so attentive even though the place was packed. We would definitely recommend this place!Taking the place of Lucky Rooster is Juan's 3rd location. Same decor of Lucky Rooster with the same menu of all the other Juan's Flying Burritos. Despite the quick turnaround, they've got their act pretty together! I've only done takeout, but the food is on par to the other locations.We popped in here last month on a trip to New Orleans and thoroughly enjoyed it. We had a tight budget for dining out, and Juan's fit the bill. We shared a HUGE order of nachos for about $10 + our drinks and chips and salsa. The salsa is worth it! Everything was great.Beans and rice and chips, and margarita. Perfect light dinner. Steak quesadilla good. Jerk chicken burrito not so great. Otherwise, excellent food, service, drinks and value.Popular, friendly, relaxing place to grab a margarita and a taco or burrito. The margaritas are average - refreshing but a bit lean.  The guacamole was fresh and essential.  My wife and I split the Flying Fajitas - easily enough for two people. I wasn't crazy about the sauce used to marinate/grill the fajita meat/shrimp/vegetable medley.  It seemed to overpower the flavor of the ingredients.  But it was different and my wife liked it. We will come back next time we are in town.Great food! We had their burrito, tacos and quesadilla. All of the food was fresh and tasty. But my favorite was the cucumber margarita! It was so refreshing and flavorful. I highly recommend ordering it.During our visit to the Garden District, we were greeted by the most amazing smells coming from Juan's and returned the next day to try it ourselves.  Highly disappointed and sorry I went out of my way to go back.  I tried the Mix & Match 3 Tacos and my daughter had the Shrimp Quesadilla.  The shrimp in both the Quesadilla and the taco was "fishy" tasting like they hadn't been washed....didn't eat it.  The beef taco....it was all I could do not to spit it out...obviously didn't eat that either.  The steak taco was pretty decent along with the chips and salsa.  The service was good and she tried to be helpful but our server didn't seem to care for much on the menu either.  Needless to say....I have no intention of ever going back.I am visiting Nola for the week and have struggled to find good Mexican food, until now. The food was fantastic. The staff was nice as can be. The happy hour margaritas are delicious and the atmosphere was perfect to be able to sit and talk to the people with you. It was also very easy to find. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who loves Mexican food!We actually were on our way to another place for happy hour but when we got there they said no happy hour and what we wanted was not on the regular menu so we left and walked by Juan's Flying Burrito. #greatchoiceforlunch
They had double pour margaritas for $6, Tecate $2 and PBR $1
We were greeted as soon as we walked in the door and were to,d we could sit anywhere.  We chose the bar and were asked immediately if we would like a drink #nowaithere
We ordered our drinks and when they arrived we we ordered the Flying Burrito and theVeggie Punk Burrito. 
The Flying Burrito had steak, shrimp, chicken, guacamole, cheese, rice, beans and all kinds of yummy goodness. This burrito was huge and cost $10
#ilikebigburritosandicannotlie
The Veggie Punk Burrito was all veggies and rice and beans. It was a spicy in the middle but the spice was not spread out consistently. It was a huge burrito for $6.50. Glad I didn't order it though since it seemed the first bite I took only had rice and when trying a second bite later found there were other fillings. 
#veggiepunkburrito
Our server and bartender was Kayla and she was fantastic with keepin our drink fresh and our food ordered.I used to go to the magazine location years ago, and I remember the food being amazing.
However, I've eaten here 3-4 times in the past year, and each time I am more and more disappointed. I don't know what they are doing differently, but the food lacks flavor. Also, the queso dip had an unusual and uncomfortably gritty texture. It was so bad that I would have preferred to eat Tostitos queso dip from the jar. I was equally unimpressed with the salsa.
The last time I ate at this location, it took over an hour to get our bill after we finished eating because our waitress went home and no one took over our table.
Also, what kind of Mexican restaurant doesn't serve complimentary salsa and sour cream with their quesadillas?
I will be eating elsewhere from now on.Good: happy hour/drink specials, location 
Bad: food quality, service 
I went to this location because I was downtown and wanted some good ole Juans. I've been to the Mid City and Uptown locations before and they are always great. This location however was very sub par. I got my usual Guacamole and Salsa with chips - the Guac was TERRIBLE. It tasted like it was made a week ago and stored in a fridge. The Salsa (or what I'd call tomatoes mixed with water) was pathetic - I'd rather eaten something out of a jar. 
My main course was the Bacon Azul Quesadilla. An item I've had at both other locations and love it. Immediately after my first bite I could tell something was wrong. The flavor was different, the texture - everything. I opened it up and it looked like garbage. The ground beef wasn't seasoned, it was barely cooked and the amount inside was comically lacking. 
The service was maybe tolerable. I mean I expect to be left relatively alone at Juans but the server was just spaced out and not a very good waitress. 
I gave 2 stars out of respect for the other locations. If you're in the downtown area go someplace else (hell I would have rather eaten at the Jimmy Johns next door).Tasty food with an excellent beer selection. Awesome staff with great prices. Also has a great selection of local brews and full liquor bar. One of my favorites stops in Nawlins. Every time I'm in town I stop in. Plus they have an awesome playlist going at all times.Worst service ever!!! Don't waste your life, time or energy on this place. And to make matters worse the restaurant could've cared less. First off our waitress spills a drink in the middle of our table landing in my friends lap all dripping wet, also getting on my iPhone. And we end up cleaning our own table with napkins and dry towels. The pile of towels sits there for 5 mins as she disappears off somewhere. We have to ask her to take the soiled towels and bring a wet one to clean the sticky lemonade. I'm allergic to cheese and asked for none on my burrito, food is delivered with cheese. She probably checked on us once after we got our food and we literally had to stare her down in order to get our checks. We had a party of 6 which it was never explained gratuity was included. She couldn't figure out who had what, it took over 30 mins to print the checks and close out. We tried to talk to the bartender which looked like a manager, she didn't give 2 fucks and was actually very condescending and unapologetic. Also my bill was $8 I gave her $20 and she assumes I'm giving her a $12 tip on top of the tip that was added. And to be honest after the shitty service we weren't going to tip!!! Literally don't waste your time with this bullshit of an establishment. You could get better service at McDonalds!!!I just love that Juan's opened down here! I can't tell you how many times I've already ordered and picked up food (especially on Sunday afternoons after late nights of partying) - and they're relatively new to this location. The food is ready when they say it is, and always consistent. We haven't dined in yet - so I'm not really sure how that experience is. I can only attest to the food being ready and good.Loved the queso so much. Service was friendly with good happy hour deals. Great alcohol selection!We had a nice meal. We ordered a few drinks from the bar, they were not great, but the food was great. The burrito was massive.Headed in around 3pm. Despite being after the lunch rush, the food was of a very fresh quality and the service quick and attentive. Several vegeatarian options were present which added to an overall good experience.Nice atmosphere, great drinks, excellent food, superb service, great price.  Cannot do any better!, much better value than anything Canal or Bourbon Street.I had fish tacos and my husband a bacon azul both entrees were very good.  Service was excellent for NOLA.  Drinks were good but a little pricey for a taco joint.  Definitely would eat here again.Got some of the $2 tacos on Tuesday for takeout and they were all solid! Would be helpful if they posted the specials online (I checked their website and facebook before calling to ask what they were).If you like a fast service for a late Mexican dinner you can come here. The fish tacos were super spicy hot! My lips were on fire. The the truck tacos were mediocre, small portion it was not great.I would give the food 4 stars, but the rest only 2 stars. So, I'll go with the average of 3.
This location is just as small and cramped as the other Juan's locations. I recommend getting your lunch to go if you have time constraints. The place gets packed and it takes awhile to get your food. I did much better when I ordered it ahead to go. Although, it is still difficult to actually pick up your order. You get it at the bar and I had to reach over 2 guys twice. Once to pay and the other to get my food. Kind of awkward and annoying to all that are involved.
My go to items are the Chicken Juaha Rolls or the nachos. Everything else is pretty good though.
Definitely a cool addition to the CBD.Ordered the taco truck tacos for 11 dollars and am completely disappointed. The skirt steak was burnt and the tortillas were as well. This is my first time eating here so maybe it's an off day but honestly how do you screw up tacos this bad. The reason I put two stars and not one is because the black beans and rice were the saving grace.Amazing chips and salsa, delicious rice, and friendly staff.  Definitely a high spot on our trip to New Orleans.This is one of our favorite lunch places! We go at least once a week! Tina is our favorite waitress! She always greets us immediately, answers all of our questions, and makes sure our orders (often modified from the menu) are correct! The food is delicious!I looked for vegan options, and wasn't disappointed. I got chips and salsa, and a 3GV (three grilled veggie) burrito in a bowl. I got to pick the vegetables. I got onion, green peppers and corn. I got rice, beans, and salsa with it. The salsa choices were a pico de gallo or a house salsa. I went for the house salsa.
The bowl was ready in a few minutes. Ingredients were fresh, and tasty. The salsa was a medium spicy, with a bit of a tang to it. I really liked it. Chips were crisp, and not oily. My server, McKenzie, was courteous, helpful, and attentive.
I didn't have any of the drinks, but those around me seemed pretty pleased.
I'd definitely go back!The staff started out amazing, but when our food took over an hour to arrive, they were MIA. Many GF options, but only mediocre flavor.Try this ..: order their signature Flying Burrito that has (better yet- should have) steak and shrimp but tell them no beans. I am curious to see if you will get anything but a flour tortilla. 
Their Flying Burrito should be called Bean Burrito with beans and beans. 
They get two stars only because happy hour $2 Tecate beer.Just across the street from our hotel, we decided to try something more low-key, after a week of enjoying all the New Orleans' cuisine has to offer. Juan's is a good little lunch or happy-hour spot, with good service and an ample bar, they're ready for whatever mood you're in. I went with the Flying Burrito, which was packed with ingredients and flavor, and a good deal for about $10. They also offer a good variety of tacos, enchiladas, and quesadillas, including some vegetarian and gluten free choices, so there's something for everyone. The restaurant is conveniently located, clean, with a hip vibe, so I would definitely go back next time I'm in NOLA.My friends and i are practically Juan's regulars. They have a great happy hour $6 double margaritas and $2 tecate. We love going to Juan's but i personally find them hit or miss. When it hits it's amazing. The trio appetizer comes with queso, guac, and salsa. When the guac is on OMG it's some of the best I've ever had. Their red chili chicken quesadillas are by far my favorite thing on the menu they never disappoint. Their tacos are extremely hit or miss the buffalo chicken tacos we're super disappointing. The tortillas were rock hard and it just overall was underwhelming. The banh mi tacos on the other hand are delicious. We'll keep on coming back to Juan's. I recommend once you find something you like just sticking to it.Chips and sals were yummy, the margaritas are dangerously good 
Can't say I'm a fan of the guacamole but the rest was goodThe fish Tacos were out of this world! The bartender was so sweet :) had an A+++++ experience with the food and the service of this place..
She gave me recommendations on we're to go what to try!! Can't wait to go back for their tacosThis place was okay, but nothing really to write home about.
We stopped in here before a show at the Civic. Convenience is really the only thing that attracted me to this restaurant. I am a HUGE fan of the Magazine St. location, and for me this location just couldn't hold a candle.
First of all, we came in and the woman seating people first seated us at a small table right next to the kitchen. There were plenty of other available tables that weren't next to the busy, noisy kitchen, but we were seated here. I'm usually not one of *those people* who asks to be re-seated, but in this case, I asked the waiter if we could move and we moved to a larger table on the other side of the room.
Happily seated, we decided to order some margaritas and some queso to start. The margaritas were good, as always, but the queso was lacking something. I'm not sure what it was exactly, but it had no flavor to me. It was...odd.
I decided to get my usual which is the Al Pastor burrito- wet. It came out and it wasn't wet (which means salsa, sour cream, and other goodies on top). He swept it off to the kitchen for a fix and quickly brought it back. It had all of the stuff on top, but by the time I got to the middle it was room temperature and not warm. All in all, it was decent and if I didn't know how it was supposed to taste I wouldn't be complaining, but knowing how good it is on Magazine St.- I was pretty bummed.
The atmosphere in this location is also super loud to the point where it's hard to have any kind of conversation. Long story short: good place for takeout, don't order anything "wet", and don't let them seat you next to the kitchen.Great place to go for lunch in the CBD. Only reason for not giving 5 stars is that you have to pay for chips and salsa. That bugs me at a Mexican placeThis place was perfect for what I was looking for today. I wanted something solid but light and the fajitas hit the spot.Amazing food!!! Loved the pork tacos. Awesome atmosphere and wonderful waitress!! Definitely going back when I'm in town again!Absolutely horrible service. walked in and tried to make things easy for the bartender by giving her my order all at once and in return I received less than acceptable service and a shitty attitude. When I called to speak with a manager I was hung up on. Going to escalate this in the morning.Pretty unsatisfied with this visit. The only good part of our meal was the chips and trio of dips at the beginning. I got the Flying Burrito and was very disappointed - all of the meat tasted old and undercooked, and had a very gross taste. Couldn't finish my meal, asked for the check early.You can't go wrong with a name like Juan's Flying burrito. It was already awesome because of just the name. The food was muy delicioso as well. It's Creole Mexican, which is an interesting twist. We were seated on the patio and had a great waitress. Definitely would come back hereAwesome place for some great Mexican food!  I can't believe the average reviews--must be under new management.  We ate there last week on Sunday.  
First,  the signs advertise a happy hour for M-F only, but it's actually all week long. They're trying to gain popularity right now so take advantage of the $1 PBRs.  Even so, I had a tall-boy hopitoulas IPA that only cost $5 (not part of the happy hour menu but still the cheapest you'll get it downtown). 
We ordered the nachos with queso, guac, and salsa as an appetizer. Delicious!  They give you a ton of chips, but as soon as we were running out our waitress was there with yet ANOTHER giant basket of them. Soooo good. 
For dinner, we both ordered different burritos...I had an all-veggie one, she had the one with beef  & chicken.  She loved hers... Said that the meat was actually cooked as fajitas. Bottom line, their burritos are delicious and are WAY too large for an average (healthy weight) individual to finish. Especially if you pork out on cheap nachos first.  Note: you can ask for the burritos to be served in a bowl.   Much easier!
Anyway... Great food, great service, and a great price.   We're going back soon!This Juan's location is pretty terrible. I sat at the bar, so the service was okay. This time, I just ordered a regular burrito. Zero flavor. I mean, not even salt.  Definitely not like the other juan's in the city. Hope it goes away. Ick.Delicious Mexican food with a creole twist. Great place for both vegetarian options and classic Mexican dishes. Fast service and great prices. A great respite from French Quarter prices/crowds/tourists.Juan's has several locations, but I have frequented the one in the CBD (Baronne) the most. I've been to all locations though and they seem pretty consistent across the board. I like Juan's. It's relatively cheap and their margaritas are on point. I seem to always leave there with a happy little tequila buzz. I will say, that the "Mexican" food, in my opinion, is a white man's version of Mexican food. After living in Texas, I feel confident to say I've at least had Tex-Mex, but this food just tastes like it was prepared by a gringo. So, if you've looking for an authentic Mexican restaurant, Juan's is not that place. However, the food is good and the ambiance at all locations is fun.Don't bother with the traditional Mexican here...go straight for anything with seafood. You're in new Orleans after all. Luau quesadilla is awesome and so are the cucumber margaritas. You'll be glad you got a doubleOne of our favorite meals in NOLA but that's because my family are hos for burritos. 4 because the excessive add on charges sour cream etc.Ok this place exceeded my expectations. I was told to go to a specific taco place and decided to come here! Boy am i glad i did. Let's start with happy hour on a SATURDAY!!! I ordered a double shot margarita on the rocks for $6 and that was all that i needed! It was strong and good! Kudos to the bartender! 
The tacos were great. I had steak and tried the jerk pineapple chicken taco. The steak was seasoned to perfection and the jerk chicken was good and spicy. They have so many specialty tacos that i want to try more. Stop in here you won't be disappointed!OMG! I love this place. Ate there 4 times in less than a week. Two lunches and two dinners. Attending a conference at Le Pavilion Hotel. So glad Juan's was across the street. Loved the food. And the wait staff was super efficient and friendly. Happy to accommodate special requests. I am visiting from Southern California. We need your restaurant. The locals would absolutely love it.Lifelong Texan, so it's hard to impress me with Tex-Mex.  This was ok.  Got the redfish tacos on flour tortillas.  They were good, but not great.  Refried beans were refried beans - very basic.  Yellow rice was below average.  Queso was ok.  Service was good.  Pretty "meh" experience.Had pork and slaw tacos and wife had Papas tacos - can't say we will be going back - for no apparent reason both dishes had a touch too much heat. Understand we don't mind fired up food but it shouldn't negate the base ingredients flavor profile. If you like eating habaneros this is your place for tacos.Worst experience of my life in New Orleans. The waitress spilled our drink all over our table and proceeded to bring a towel and then we had to clean it up ourselves. Didn't even give us water. Half of our orders were messed up and she didn't even offer to give us a free drink or anything. We sat waiting for service throughout the whole dinner, had to repeatedly ask for things such as water, napkins, and other things that come complimentary at all restaurants. I would never recommend this restaurant to anyone. Pass this one up if you walk by. The service is mediocre and they proceeded to add gratuity on all of our bills without telling us there was a gratuity to our whole table, i definitely would not have left a tip otherwise, and I always tip at restaurants. Btw my rice was hard in my burrito. You can try this restaurant but you are bound to be let down.I get that it's not standard Mexican, and that's OK. But I've had better takes and spinoffs on Mexican. I wouldn't avoid it if I were back in town, but I wouldn't make a real large effort to go back either.Just came here for lunch and service was awful. They apparently don't like groups of 4 or more and the waitress made this apparent as soon as we sat down. The checks were thrown at us hastily after a few bites of food. She definitely did not deserve the 20% tip added to the bill, but I suppose when tip is guaranteed there's no need to be cordial to your customers.I love that with each purchase of queso you get one free refill! I ordered three tacos: steak, shrimp and redfish...all great!!!OK so this is my Juan's update review as if I actually need one! Juan's is the best! The food is amazing but the one thing that tops the food is the impeccable service! Our bartender Val is the best! She is always attentive and engages in awesome conversations. From sharing our trips to Vietnam and Europe she is the BEST! We are Juan's  regulars and genuinely miss our favorite bartender Val when she's traveling the world....but...SHES WORTH THE WAIT! Another lovely Juan's experience.... Thank you Val!I got to-geaux for lunch at work one day and ordered The Luau Quesadillas. Each half had 4 little pieces of shrimp, just a sprinkle of cheese and barely any bacon. What a disappointment. See attached photo.TINA TINA TINA!!!!  Can't say enough good things about this girl.  She found a spot for 12 organ grinders after a parade and treated us like QUEENS!  Everything from mass drink orders to apps in seconds, to splitting checks like it wasn't a giant pain in the ass.  Tina took such great care of us with style and a smile, we will for sure be back to see her and you should too!!!This place serves great, authentic burritos that look and taste just like the ones we get back home in the Southwest.  They also have an excellent choice of hot sauces, including one made with habaneros), that are all pretty darn good.  
I used to be shy about Mexican food in the French Quarter, and would usually just go to the Gato Negro over by the French Market, but, we saw this place, and decided to stop in.  It's now our "go to" place for Mexican when we are in New Orleans.  
More and more, my wife and I are finding that the best, most affordable food in the area is on the "other side" of Canal Street - on the "up river" side.  It may be because they don't get the foot traffic, and have to rely on business from office workers to ply their trade.  It may make them more competitive, but it is sure a boon to vacationers who want to dine.  Just cross over Canal, and find a good place to dine over there.  You'll get great food, and save a lot of money, too. 
From the outside, this place doesn't look like much, but it's actually kind of cute inside, and they have a full bar!  You can sit down, and eat it all there, or bag it and take it back to one of the nearby by hotels.  They'll pack in plenty of hot sauce for you, and you can bet everything will taste great at a great price.  Plenty of vegetarian options, too - even the pintos are vegetarian.
We tried the Bean Burrito for $5.00, the Veggie Punk for $6.50, and the Supergreen for $7.95.  All were outstanding.  That $5.00 might seem like a lot for a burrito, but this burrito is big enough for two, normal appetites, it's very filling, and very nutritious.  It's a good value.  All of these burritos are the size served at Chipotle or Qdoba back home, but at a better price, and with more vegetarian options.  In fact, we like the Flying Burritos better, and would probably go there instead of the other two if we had the choice back home.  
I highly recommend this place for an excellent, inexpensive dining experience when you are in the French Quarter area, and looking for something Mexican to eat.  In my opinion, this place even tops Felipes, which is a popular, similar restaurant over near Decatur.  If you are willing to walk the extra mile, you will be glad you did, and  you won't have to dine around all the noise, the hustle, and the bustle.The food did not taste seasoned we ordered.  504 nachos it was good the combination of ingredients made it good.  But the steak quesadilla did not taste good and was very inconsistent with the meat to cheese ratio.  One out of three had steak and cheese it was weird. Definitely not going to this location again.The Flying Burrito was an exceptional dish! The shrimp, chicken, and steak were all perfectly seasoned with a taste of New Orleans! I also recommend the Caribbean Island tacos (fresh fish and mango salsa)!Beware of the Shrimp Mango Salad- no Mango no goat cheese. When they do not have the ingredients they throw a quesadilla on top. Oh, don't bother to ask, they trust cooks more than the customers eating it. Last... check your order before driving away, the only way they will do anything is if you drive back.The Jerk Chicken Nachos were delicious! The taco sandwiches were tasty and filling. There could have been more heat for my liking, but the supplied hot sauce and salsa helped that problem. Great happy hour drink specials!Read that the Flying burrito made a list of Top Burritos in the U.S. and decided to test it out. It definitely had good flavor with the black beans and yellow rice and plenty of meat (chicken, shrimp and steak), a good twist of traditional burritos. I had it without any dairy and didn't think I missed much. 
I also had their house margarita on the rocks with salt and thought it was good.
Service was fast and good. 
I would have given it more stars but we ordered chips & guacamole and the guacamole didn't seem fresh. It was brown and missing some flavor for my taste.It was fine... nothing really wrong with it... but just not what I was maybe expecting...
The appetizer of chips with guacamole and salsa was really good (which made me think we were starting on the right path) but things really went into a nosedive when we got to the main courses-
For context I am a Cali girl... and I think I was going to be getting more off the Cali style (or at least Tex Mex style) dinner-
It just wasn't... I don't even know how to describe it... but my fajita was just all on a plate (not on a sizzling platter) and my sister's burrito was just ok-
Maybe I just had the wrong expectations going in- but I don't think I would go again-We came from San Diego and stayed at a nearby hotel. I was pleasantly surprised how they mixed creole and mexican dishes! The house margs were good and on happy hour. We enjoyed the green quesadilla, fajitas, and blackened fish tacos.Good food.  Great vibe.  Great fun watching the wait staff jamming to the reggae.  Jerk chicken burrito was tasty and filling.  Good value.Really decent Mexican food in downtown New Orleans. The flying burrito was really good and filling. Happy hour features $2 Tecates (cans) and $6 double shot house margaritas on the rocks. Our server was excellent....very attentive and helpful in answering menu questions. Not like Mexican food that you would expect from the southwestern US or Southern California, but still worth checking out if you're craving Mexican food in NOLA.Loved this place. $6 Lyft from Bourbon and worth every penny. 
We got the three taco special and nachos with salsa, guacamole and queso.
Many traditional dishes and the quality of food is superb.
Waitress was great, staff very nice and food was amazing. Will be back!This place was amazing! The service was great and the food was perfect for what we were craving! When visiting NOLA from Cali and missing Mexican food, this is the place to go! 
*We came with a large group from the French Quarter Jazz Festival. They seated us quickly and got a round of beer and appetizers on the table in a matter of minutes! No complaints here!Glad I found this spot. Funky vibe. Lauren Hill soundtrack playing in the background. Lots of energy. Ordered the tacos and side of chips and salsa. Plus- tacos- excellent especially the pork and chicken. Beef taco - okay. Chips and salsa $3.00. Salsa was so much better than the cold broken chips. Service print and attentive. Good staff teamwork.Excellent. 
$7 for 3 chicken tacos  can't beat that. 
The tacos were very flavorful and the red sauce added some nice heat. 
Very glad I gave this place a try while here on business. 
It is a small restaurant and is very busy but worth the wait.I love the Juan's on magazine st, it's one of my favorite places to eat in the city. However this one has on repeated occasions produced food that is not of the same quality. I've ordered the same dish here and the last three times the food just didn't taste right. It was overcooked and the bottom of my enchiladas were burnt this last time and sadly I have to say I won't be back. Staff is friendly though and I know many others that have not had the same experience.The service is spot on. Food is tasty and came out lickety slip! CBD hotspot that everyone enjoys.Yesterday made the 3rd visit to this location, and once again the food was pretty bogus. We started off with the badazz bacon bean dip, or whatever, and it was a cat-foody can of refried beans with a dollop of daisy on top... And was devoid of bacon bits. But we plowed it down, chips being the best part.
The margarita pitcher was okay, frozen has kinda bigger chunks of ice than I'm used to. The queso was okay, the quesadilla was okay.. All 3 outta 5 type stuff, if that. I'm sure that on a fresher ingredient day, and with a little more kitchen TLC it could be better. The big burrito was like a goulash on the inside. Running into chunks of meat here and there. Everything was just difficult to finish. 
The service and staff is always the best part, thankfully.. Everybody seems nice and accommodating. And the service was prompt and attentive. I think I've just been spoiled on the excellence of FELIPE'S in the quarter... If you can spare another 15 minute walk, go there.This place is awesome. From the friendliest servers to the awesome food. Hubby and I stumbled on this place while shopping at Rouses. We walked in during happy hour and it was taco Tuesday. Score. We started with $2 tecates and double margaritas for $6. Wow. 2 gutter punk burritos and 3 americano tacos. Can I say fabulous. The taco shells stayed crispy too. What a hidden gem. Every time I'm in Nola I will seek this place outJuan's is deliciously awesome.  Cool vibe, good cocktails, great burritos.  Plus, they have awesome t-shirts.My husband is vegan and Juan's has several vegan options. I had the quesadilla with cheese and salsa and it was just okay. My husband had the veggie pink with no cheese and loved it.It's not a typical Mexican restaurant. They definitely have their own flare to their dishes. I always get their burritos. I think I may have tried 85% of them. Their drinks are tasty and delicious! They're always busy at the location I frequent but the wait isn't that long either.Shortly after arriving in New Orleans. We walked only a block or two from the hotel only to stumble upon some of the best Mexican food I've ever had. Juan's has a cool atmosphere. Lively colors and great artwork. I had the a Jerk Shrimp and Mango Salad. The salad was full of spinach, which was a major plus. I hate when I go places and they give you iceberg lettuce, which isn't so nutritious. It also had corn salsa, mango and goat cheese. My Mom had Flying Enchiladas. It was happy hour, so we both had drinks. I had the Margarita, which was great. The customer service was great. Our waitress checked on us several times and was very knowledgeable of the menu. They also offered outdoor seating.The jerk shrimp and mango salad is super filling. The shrimp was not very spicy. The mango salad was good. The dressing was light and mixed well. It came with a small bean Quesadilla (Norton menu) but good. Overly stuffed. 
Hubby had the al pastor burrito. It was a monster size. Very tasty.
Chips and salsa was large but not very spicy.
Prices are reasonable. Service was prompt. Kitchen was quick.Margaritas were delicious. Food was outstanding. Was close in proximity. Large portions, very filling. Price is perfect.Service was fabulous! The food was absolutely delicious! I had the fish tacos and they were excellent!This location has massive service problems.  They need to shut it down and start over.  First meal was OK but slooooow.  Today I left after 20 minutes of being ignored.  Never even got a glass of water.Love this Juans so much. It's clean and the atmosphere is much better than the other two locations. I love the staff and it's the same great food!Absolutely delicious food.  Came here on a recommendation and it was a good one.  The reason for not giving five stars is the server never brought me sour cream nor came back to check on us.  The food though, top notch.Being a native Southern Californian I love Mexican food and I come out to NOLA for work once a quarter. That being said, this place is actually really good. I'll definitely come back again.One thing that I love about visiting NOLA is the people. Everyone is friendly & will sit and talk with you. We sat at the bar because the place was packed (we came in at noon) and Stacey was our warm & informative bartender. We ordered the chips & salsa, gutter burrito & taco truck plate. The food  was fresh & tasty. If we come back to visit, this will be one of our regular stops.This restaurant is not vegetarian or vegan friendly. They seem like they would be because of all the options on the menu but there has been meat in my dish the last three times I've eaten there!  This is totally unacceptable. You may be thinking, why would you continue to eat somewhere that keeps putting chicken and beef in your veggie burritos. Hey, we all make mistakes, but three times is not a mistake. It's complete sloppiness and carelessness.  I don't know what's happening in the kitchen there, but I wouldn't want to eat at a restaurant that couldn't keep it together even if I ate meat.  Do yourself a favor and pick a different restaurant because Juan's isn't it.This is my 2 visit & first review.
The food is fabulous this is the place to go for good Tex Mex food.Great food, killer drinks, awesome service and really good prices, I absolutely love this place!I've been here a few times, including lunch with coworkers during the week, and have yet to be impressed with the food or service or vibes. if you're dying for a marg, they're not terrible here, but for the overall Juan's package I would def skip this location and go for the uptown or mid city spot.I'm from Texas, and love nachos! FANTASTIC! I was wanting crawfish fusion ( because of the Creole on the sign), but they were out of season. Ordered the jerk chicken nachos with extra fresh and pickled jalepenos. The salsa verde and rojo were delicious with the sour cream blend on top, as well as fresh avocado and pico. Perfectly cooked black beans, and finely chopped pineapple a pleasant surprise. The chicken moist, and well seasoned.  Muy sabrosa! Wish this place was down the street in Houston:)We had a HORRIBLE dinner tonight.  Food had no flavor or presentation, salsa and guacamole came from a prepackaged container, and they served my mom dry, canned refried beans. To top it off our waitress NEVER offered to refill our drinks, my husband had to go find her and ask for refills and she left our drink sitting at the bar so again he had to walk up to the bar to go get his drink. Do not go to this restaurant. The atmosphere is cool but the food falls short.This was my second time staying in New Orleans and i remember wanting to go to Juan's but it was too far away and this time i stayed at the Drury Inn which was right next door so i had to try Juan's. I consider myself a burrito enthusiast and i was pretty disappointed with Juan's.
 Small burrito for the price and overall wasn't that great. Everything was average and the wait staff felt really slow. Took forever to get our food, asked for waters and that took forever. Took even longer to get the check when we asked. Most likely won't be back, would rather go to Felipe's which isn't too far away.the mid city juans has got it down, so does LGD. Came in during my lunch hour and waited 30 minutes to get a menu and then an hour later the bartender forgot to put my order in. i walked out and all she could say was "sorry". even though this place is a block away from my work ill be walking right past it and heading to reginellis.Unfortunately, you can't give negative stars.  Stopped in prior to a concert, so the place was packed understandably.  We were sat after 20 minutes or so.  Placed our food order at the same time as drinks, and 45 minutes later they had yet to begin preparing our food.  Needless to say we walked out.  Paid for our drinks though.Fun place!  Great service, fast. Full bar with great drinks Tequila!  Great happy hour drinks. Jerk Chicken burrito is outstanding great flavor, with a slow savory heat that sneaks up on you. Homemade salsa and guacamole top off this perfect meal. I especially loved how they charred the tortillas on the burrito.Terrible service. Waited 20 minutes before I could place an order for take out . I ended up waiting because I was craving Mexican food. Stupid tummy....This place was amazing and absolutely delicious. Off the beaten path but a great location between the Superdome and Bourdon St. We ended up getting the guacamole and chips, which I will say is above average. The Margarita is average tasting, however does have a premixed tasted. I dude very much enjoy the flying burrito and would have again more than once. It was very tasty not too much going on but had he right amount of layers. Would go back again just for the flying burrito.This place is INCREDIBLE. Coming from Arizona, the bar is high for Mexican food. My boyfriend and I have come back twice during our trip. They pour extra on the drinks, have great tacos, quesadillas, fajitas, you name it, and are so reasonably priced for a tourist town. If visiting NOLA, will definitely be coming back here.Good. SO good. I literally just got back to my hotel room from the restaurant and knew I had to write a review. From the time I walked in to the time I left, everyone was awesome. I was seated promptly and my server came to get my drink order within seconds, also offering me chips and salsa and other starters. I chose chips and salsa and they were GOOD. Super fresh chips and tasty salsa. When my server returned to take my order I told him I was torn between a burrito and the enchiladas; he suggested the enchiladas. I got them with cheese and Chile verde sauce. They came with plentiful sides of rice and black beans as well and I was happy to see that they had sour cream and jalapeños on top. My server had also noticed me looking at the drink menu and suggested several margaritas; I picked the pineapple one and it was excellent!! I also inquired about T-shirts and my server and the hostess were awesome at helping me pick one out. So to sum it up: service was fast and friendly, food was excellent, and the atmosphere was very comfortable.  I will definitely be back!!Vegetarian friendly, great margaritas and a nice atmosphere. Being from out of town I found this place on trip advisor. It did not disappoint!This place is great!  Definitely recommend the Hawaii or Jerked nachos!  They are perfect for a meal or to split as an appetizer!  The staff is very helpful and friendly.  Only criticism- I wish they had an app or better option for ordering online.This place gets a resounding "Meh" from me.  I've dined here several times and now I'll post my review.
Now, on the customer service side, I've never, ever had bad service here.  Unfortunately, the dish quality is definitely hit or miss.  On my first visit, I tried the jerk chicken, but wasn't wowed by it because it just didn't taste right to me.
Today, I tried the chicken western burrito, and again it just didn't taste right.  Then my brain told me why.
"They're probably using dark meat."
Of course they would, it's cheaper.  So, this is marked off my list as places to go for lunch.  Sorry, Juan.Go with the tacos!!!!anything with seafood here is amazing. The drinks are also fantastic. The beef/chicken options are lacking, though.Don't waste your money here unless you are drinking. The food was BURNED and  PRECOOKED so chicken was dry, beef greasy. Had chicken nachos with a small amount of chicken and a greasy beef quesadilla filled with a wet canned tomato based salsa with a little cheese that made the whole thing soggy. Had to send it back and instead of a fresh one I got the old one with a bit more cheese but the tortilla was BURNED! Going to Felipe next time.just nasty,  I didnt order drinks and I think it annoyed the waiter.   I ordered a pork burrito.  when it arrived I took one bite and knew something was wrong  there was chunks of just nasty stuff  I spit it out but took another bite and it confirmed my suspension.  I looked inside and it made me sick to see what I was served
on the flip side I went next door to jimmy johns  great service and great food they asked me if I liked my sandwich when  I left and I did.My girlfriend and I are both avid fans of Mexican food and especially of the Juan's Flying Burrito chain. However, recent performance at this particular restaurant has definitely prompted this review via this avenue. 
My girlfriend is Jewish and keeps kosher, which means no bacon. In spite of waiters being informed on multiple occasions of this dietary choice, small pieces of bacon have been discovered three or four times within the tacos that she's ordered. Furthermore, my girlfriend doesn't eat red meat. Tonight, my girlfriend found not only beef within one of her tacos but also a bone that she could have potentially bitten into. The bone was especially disturbing because the waiter informed us that the restaurant purchases boneless chicken so he wasn't sure where is came from. Every time an incident like this has happened, the restaurant has compensated this by not charging us for the tacos; however, it's still the inconvenience of not only having to remind the waiters at the beginning of each meal of previous incidents but also informing the waiters after the fact as well. 
This place would truly be fantastic if the staff were more cognizant of what ends up in their food; however, this does not seem to be the high priority that it should be.Once again, my SO and I needed something quick and easy the other night and Juan's was close by.  We ordered Americanos tacos and steak fajitas.  I also ended up getting a sugar cookie.  Tacos: a little soggy at the bottom, so it was tough to hold it all together, but the flavor was excellent and there was a perfect amount of stuff on them.  Fajitas: A good amount of meat and onions and peppers, TONS of rice and beans.  The taste was good, but nothing out of this world.  The cookie was ok, your basic sugar cookie.  This experience was better than my last one, but still 3-stars.Not sure why it's called a Creole Tacqueria - there's never anything actually Creole on the entire menu, and I don't think there ever has been. 
I've gotten chunks of meat in my "vegetarian" food more than once at all 3 locations. I've tried each site hoping they will improve to no avail. Accidents happen, but this consistently?I give one star for the service. The redneck server, arrogant and cocky to its fullest, is by far the worst restaurant personnel I have ever met. I waited for 45 minutes and he didnt even apologize; instead asked me to be patient and wait another one more hour. Just walked away from the restaurant after hearing that.Really blah meal, from the stale chips to the super bland steak fajitas. Overpriced margaritas that were at least strong but without good flavor. There has got to be something better in NOLA.The chips weren't very good. We also got a pitcher of the frozen lemon berry margarita and it didn't taste much different than a regular margarita. I got a kiddie chicken quesadilla which was actually pretty good. The queso was disappointing though. Spicy and not that cheesy. Overall, nothing that specialI've eaten here a few times. My top 2 favorites are the western burrito- that is fajita inspired, and the taco truck tacos. I've always had pleasant customer service experience, good food, and my food comes out in great timing. I will definitely return.Another great dining experience from one of my favorites in New Orleans. I've been enjoying Juan's on Magazine for years, but this was my first time at the CBD location. Totally different vibe, but same great food. Easy to find, lots of parking nearby also. The flying burrito never disappoints.  Quick to be seated and served. Great to know I can enjoy one of my favorites in another part of the city.This was a shot in the dark, but we could not have been happier! Jasmine is a wonderful server and was very attentive and helpful. The queso and guac are the perfect appetizer to a healthy helping of burrito! Everything was prepared perfectly and tasted very fresh. I couldn't recommend the al pastor burrito more, I left satisfied, yet in the darkest caverns of my mind an inkling of craving remained. I know I'll be back.. I just don't know how much longer I can wait.Fun little hole in the wall place. Good margaritas. Good food. Good service. Walking distance from the dome and smoothie king center. Definitely will return when I'm back in NOLAFriendly people but the food was the most American hipster version of "Mexican" food I've ever tried. I'm used to authentic in my hometown so visiting here I was hoping for something more along those lines.If you're looking for excellent Mexican or TexMex, New Orleans is not known for that.  I forgot that when I decided to eat lunch here.  They got both mine and my friend's order wrong.  Their street tacos are full size tacos - not the size of street tacos.  They are supposed to be served on corn tortillas but they mistakenly served them on flour tortillas.  They were okay.  Not terrible but not good.  My friend ordered 1 taco and was served a full entree.  She said her food tasted bland.My wife and I went for taco Tuesday when some of their street tacos are $2 each instead of $3. I would consider them about 1/3 full. 4 tacos were nothing more than a snack. My wife got the flying burrito which lists steak, shrimp and chicken as ingredients. I think we found 2 shrimp total, but mostly it was greasy black beans in the filling. The service was fast and attentive, but we were really bummed about the quality of the food since a Creole taqueria has potential with the possible flavor combinations.Amazing food and friendly staff! Gotta add the guajillo for a little more spice. Pretty authentic Mexican with their own little flair.Im from California we have Mexican restaurants in every corner. I had the flying enchiladas. Sour cream and jalapeños on top Just don't cut it for me im use to the guacamole, salsa and a side of lettuce with rice and beans. Besides that it's just not authentic. The rice was good. The beans tasted like can beans. The salsa they use on the tortilla not good either. The service was great just not a fan of the food. I also had the jerks nachos I didn't like how they put slices of avocado instead of guacamole. Never seen that beforeI knew this place was going to suck when they don't give you free chips and salsa. The hostess forget to tell the waitress that she sat us in her section so we sat for a 30 minutes before even ordering drinks. Ordered our food and came back wrong. Reordered and came back wrong again. The queso ordered was good until I pulled a metal object out of my mouth that I almost choked on. Luckily the manager gave us 50% off of our meals. Never. Going. Back.Took two burritos take out. We are staying in the hotel near it. While waiting I got a drink there. Amazing vibe and after having the burrito I can say it is great ! We had the flying burrito and we loved it ! We might be back since it's so close to le pavilion hotel! If you need something fast to go it's a great place to stay. I would recommend it to everyone !I am updating my old review. From 1 star to 4. 
This place is not so packed anymore so the experience that I had a while back does not seem to reoccur at all. The service is very fast now for both food and drinks. They have Taco Tuesday deal but I do not think it is worth it. I always end up getting what I really love (BAHNMI TACO FOR LIFEEEEE) for few more dollars. Taco orders are usually less than $10 so it is still very budget friendly without Tuesday deal. They got bunch of different margarita options so I think you definitely will find what you like! They have house tequila, all the way to high end Añejo ones so you will be happy no matter what. I do come here very often as it is nearby my work and residence. 
Oh for the Saints game, it gets very packed FYI.I am being generous with the two stars--which were only earned since the chips/queso and my husband's Flying Burrito were decent. Otherwise, our meal was a flavorless disappointment. We ordered beef tacos for the kids--which arrived with barely any meat in them, and the meat that *was* there was dry and flavorless. My chicken taco should have been called a black bean taco since it consisted mainly of beans with a couple chunks of chicken--again, pretty flavorless--and hardly any cheese.
Service was sub-par, like we were annoying the waitress when asking menu questions, and the guy next to us warned us to check our bill since they overcharged him and shamed him for calling them out on it. 
Needless to say, we won't be running back here, which is a shame since Mexican food is a favorite of ours and we often stay nearby when in NOLA. :(Ordered pork and slaw tacos.  This was an awesome treat.  The pirk was wonderfully seasoned and juicy.  Fir drinks we ordered a bloody mary and pinapple Mojito.  Both drinks were delicious.
Service was prompt and friendly.Lots of food and a great price. Slow service and food took awhile to cook. But it wasn't anything special - not authentic Mexican food. I would probably try another Mexican restaurant next timeDefinitely noisy and cramped .  I was seated under a leaking pipe. I'm just happy it wasn't a constant leak. I ordered The Flying Burrito$11.00 (Chicken ).  The chicken was flavorful and tender.  Overall it was decent.Got the shrimp tacos, delicious! My wife got the chicken and chorizo tacos, loved them. The salsa for the order of chips we got was fresh with a mild kick, fantastic. Strongly recommend!!Friend and I popped over from our hotel after we got off of working a trade show in the area. We were quite pleased. I got the gutter punk burrito and she got the al pastor; plus a couple apps and margaritas. Overall recommend.The guacamole is delicious and the banh mi pork tacos were sooo good!! Walkable from our hotel. Friendly service. Highly recommended. I would go back and get the same exact food again!!This place has won my heart. It was hard to decide what to do eat everything on the menu sounds delicious . I had the blackened Louisiana fish tacos ( usually don't eat fish but this were amazing) and a mango margarita. The spicy cole slaw is to die for as well . The staff was very welcoming and the service was great. I went during my lunch hour and was able to enjoy my meal and return on time to my conference.This Juan's location is a solid meh. The quesadillas and burritos aren't mind blowing but for the price and location (half the price of Johnny Sanchez and much closer than Felipe's) they do an OK job. I'm not a fan of "Mexican" restaurants that charge $7 for chips and salsa but that seems to be a norm here. 
Their winter special is a squash (or was it sweet potato?) quesadilla that brings a lot of heat. It was a novel idea but I must have had a dud because it was so over salted I ended up scraping out the all little orange cubes and just eating cheese, tortilla, and tofu. 
I'll come here occasionally for lunch when a friend suggests it (they do make good fried tofu) but really can't vouch for the place. On the bright side, there's usually a $12 for $20 Groupon.Well let's just say 2 words 
Bad Service
1. When I ask you a question and you cut me off. Not good.
2. When I over look something on the menu and you say it's right there on the menu.
Not good.
3. Rory or whatever your name is if you're having a bad day .. that's fine we're all human but if it's not for your customers you wouldn't have a job. Customer Service Training is essential here.
4. When I mention what I want and you scoff and say that's an interesting choice I guess..
It's time to get my check and leave.
I will not spend my money where I feel I'm being disrespected. 
So I paid for my drinks and left.Being from California I was not expecting great Mexican food in NOLA! I had a burrito and it was amazing.Food is great here. Always satisfied and haven't had issues yet although it used to have a bad rap due to a bunch of ex-junky employees. It's been years since I heard anything negative and I've only had good experiences. Love the burritos and quesadillas. Definitely worth the trip to all of the locations.Really great margaritas. Really mediocre food. Service leaves something to be desired, as well. We set out on a weekday night for some Mexican deliciousness and found ourselves at Juan's on Barrone. We were sat immediately, but our server was slightly inattentive and slow, but it wasn't awful. We ordered the queso with chorizo and it was good...just, good. I got the Flying Burrito and my fiancé got the Hawaii nachos. My burrito left so much to be desired, it was like a shot to the heart. All that I wanted was Mexican deliciousness, and I could have had a better burrito basically anywhere else (I'm looking at you, Felipe's). My dates nachos were pretty good, and he seemed satisfied with it. 
That said, the margaritas were great as they are at every location. So, I think from here on out if I HAVE to go to Juans, I'll stick with a caliente margarita and maybe some nachos.It was ok food, ok service. Kicker for the one star was the giant 2 inch cockroach climbing on the wall by the bar.  If there's one that big then there's more little ones around.Tacos are just decent for me here. They have a nice happy hour which has $2 tacos and good margarita and other drink deals, but the taco options are limited and do not include their whole taco menu like carne aside, which is what I usually crave. I will pass on the tofu taco next time and stick with the beef or pork.  However, I can say that their chips and dip are tasty. They don't serve free bottomless chips, but if you do order chips, they will re-fill your chips. They have fresh guacamole and their cheese dip is spot on. Their service is fast. If you're lucky, you can get a parking spot right in front of the restaurant. Overall, I would come back here for the open bar and drink deals.I ordered the Queso con Chorizo  and Truck Tacos. The queso was okay, pretty big portion. The entree came with three tacos with barely any meat. I combined meat from all three to make one taco. Meat was rubbery and flour tortillas were hard. Place was a disappointment, you get what you pay for.My husband is super picky when it comes to Mexican food. This is one of his favorites while visiting NOLA on business. It is remarkable. Unique creole vibe yet still authentic Mexican. Fresh ingredients amazing staff and cool clientele urban vibe.If you're keen to wait 2 hours for some tacos with an unapologetic staff, this is your spot.We went for lunch and got seated right away! Their menu is fairly large and includes a lot of different options. I wouldn't say it's the best Mexican I've had but it's a decent stop for a quick bite.It is generic Mexican food. Prices are fair and it's good enough if you're in a pinch and need a quick place to eat. I had the burrito and a mojito and left satisfied but I'm not itching to come back here. Service was quick and friendly though.Got the special--gulf shrimp tacos and hubby got the Caribbean tacos. The salsa that comes with the chips and salsa is super good. My husband got a patron flight for $12 (large shots). Service was great--the hostess was busting her butt and our server was attentive even tho it was slammed.Great tacos, flying burrito is awesome.  Decent frozen margarita.  Music and atmosphere is a little loud.  Tables are really close together so don't expect any privacy.  Staff are very helpful with suggestions.I went for two dollar Taco Tuesday special. They were extra small, yet tasty. For the price I can not recommend them. They were the size you would expect to get at a wedding reception, being served from a waiters serving tray. I would have to go back and try some other dishes before giving it more than 3 stars.The tacos here are really good! I ordered take out because I came on a Saturday night and they were pretty packed. 3 chicken tacos with pineapple salsa for a little over $7. The tacos were flavorful, had a little kick to them and filled me right up. 
Service was meh. I wasn't greeted when I entered (no host present), I made my way over to the bar to place to go and it took a little bit for someone to finally acknowledge me. When exiting the host was there but didn't say bye or anything just proceeded to clean menus. 
I'd come back for more tacos def but I'll probably order to go again.I was so excited for this place once I walked in, the menu sounds sooo good when you read it, and the inside was clean and has a great vibe. I ordered to go and it was quick and kind service. 
I ordered the trio, which is guac salsa and queso with chips. And I also ordered the Azul Quesadilla. It was $20. It was plenty enough food. The quesadilla was very unique and yummy. But the guac was kinda gross.. But honestly it was a good experience.The food was delicious!  And we are super picky about good Mexican food.  Hava, our waitress, was amazing, just the sweetest thing and super attentive.  We had 5 people in our party and all shared amongst each other - the jerk chicken burrito, carne asada street tacos, pollo verde enchiladas, and creole tacos. We also got to enjoy Margarita Monday - a double for the price of the single!
All in all, this was a great place to eat. Delicious food, attentive and speedy service, and clean. If we visit NOLA again, we would visit Juan's again!Nice service, great food, excellent value. So many different options on the menu ranging many different cuisines. The tacos are tasty with big portions, the house sauces compliment everything very well. Really good nachos that are big enough to share. Modelled after mission style west coast taquerias but exceeding them all in every way possible. The tequila list is solid too. Highly recommended, this is on a very shortlist of go to mexican restaurants in the country.Went to pick up a to go order and had a very political flyer in the bag. I was very offended that they are putting things so controversial in their to go ordersI got a beef burrito, wet, and it was awesome! I also wanted a glass of pinot Grigio, and waitress came back and explained they had Chardonnay and a Spanish Blend, she thought would be closer to a Pinot. She brought me a sample before pouring a full glass. The wine was excellent but more importantly was the fact that she went the extra mile to make sure I would be satisfied with my drink of choice. Highly recommend!I give it a 3.. just because the guy who was making the burritos wasn't wearing gloves. Food was alrightUnfortunately, I was a little disappointed with Juan's due to the insane hype built up around the restaurant. Sure, everything is good, but nothing that I had was "out of this world" delicious. We had the crawfish queso (good because of the large crawfish tails) and the roasted pepper and goat cheese quesadilla.
 I'll definitely visit again since my friends are obsessed with the place, so I'll be sure to try the Al Pastor burrito. Maybe it will change my mind.Oooohhhhh I love this place...and I cannot stand Mex food!
Fish tacos with their delicious mango salsa is just HEAVEN!  ask for extra mango salsa on the side!
Burritos are just..sooooooooo GOOD.  So huge and big that you could have it for a late night snack AND lunch the next day.  
No where in the states can I find any place like Juan's....=*(
Gosh, I wish I was still in NOLA.....Paid a visit to the mid city location of Juan's. Knew the visit was going to be good, when I encountered off street parking.
Juan's is noted for their burritos, and I saw a sampling of them being consumed. But I was going for the Redfish Tacos, and they did not disappoint. There were a plethora of tastes and textures in this dish and did they make my palate happy.The Redfish Tacos would be perfect if served with a lime wedge or two. Otherwise, they run a nice, clean looking establishment. My favorite kind of wait staff, attentive but not overbearing.
I'll be returning to give other items on their menu a sampling.If you're looking for a Mexican restaurant with a bit of a twist, Juan's is the place for you. At an affordable price and among a unique atmosphere, I was able to enjoy a Red Chile Chicken and Goat Cheese Quesadilla that blended many different flavors, making for a delicious bite. Juan's Flying Burrito is a Mid City favorite of mine that I will continue to frequent.Food and service were good and prices reasonable. Salads were large, the guacamole excellent and the chips fresh. The parking lot was a bit difficult to figure out - wasn't sure where you could park (there are lots of reserved signs) so we parked two blocks awayThe quesadillas we ordered (shrimp, beef, & chicken) were excellent!! Word of advice: Don't go on Saturdays. It was really packed!It has been a looong layoff from Yelp so I thought I should start (er, restart) with a place I go almost weekly.  Juans in Mid City is a great alternative to the one Uptown if you aren't in the mood for the whole Magazine street thing.  Angelo Brocato is nearby too....but that is a whole other review.  It is easy to get to.  Parking in the lot next to the building is limited and can be confusing (whose business are  these spaces anyway?).  I usually just park around the corner and walk.  The staff is friendly and attentive.  I always start off with a Mojito or Margarita which are both very good.  Gotta love heavy handed bartenders!  The queso and chips is my favorite starter.  You may have to fish out some of the jalapenos from the cheese if you don't like jalapenos.  One of my favorites is the Flying Burrito.  It is a good mix of shrimp, steak, and chicken.  One of these is enough for your meal.  I would also recommend the Jerk Chicken burrito and the Al Pastor (pork) if you want really good single-meat burritos.  If you are looking for tacos, Juans does not disappoint either.  I've had the Juans tacos and Americanos and both were packed full of meat, cheese, and lettuce.  I was a little disappointed with the fish tacos. They have a good flavor but they don't seem to put enough fish in these tacos.  Grilled fish is a definite plus if you want to feel less guilty about what you are eating.  I've been to plenty of tex-mex places in the New Orleans metro area & this place is among the top.  Hope this helps!Kamehameha Nachos (9$) are absolutely magical. I love the combination of their pulled pork, mangos,  pineapples, & bacon. If it's your first time at Juan's, get these nachos!
I've had a couple of their tacos too. The Mardi Gras Indians (7$) & Fish Tacos (8$). Honestly, didn't enjoy or hate neither. These tacos just didn't stand out to me like the nachos did.
Drinks are yummy. I love the frozen lemonberry. The mango mojito is good, but, the mango chunks make it difficult to drink through a straw! The spy boy tasted like a regular margarita except it was reeking of patron (duh!). All of the drinks were made with a heavy hand & give ya a good buzz!I love Juan's, and just learned that one of my favorite bartenders in the city (Diana! That's you, babe!) works there as well as at the wonderful Le Bon Temps Roule! Pork and Slaw tacos are one of my favorites there, and the fish tacos can't be beat, but it's always a toss up between the deliciously drippy and succulent tacos and the Jerk Shrimp and Mango Salad! The Bacon Azul Quesadilla never fails to disappoint either. I love the Al Pastor Burrito, but my husband always get the flying burrito, and who could blame him? Why choose one meat, when you could get three? An extra limey Mojito always hits the spot, and the Margaritas are as delicious as they are varied. 
Specials vary by location, but Mid-City is the perfect place to go for consistently great service, fast turn-around, and excellent atmosphere (especially on a day like today, with blessedly cooler temperatures, the wealth of outdoor seating is simply unbeatable!).If you've ever had a real burrito, do yourself a favor and don't come here.Ate here because of the reviews. It was not bad. Thought it was a fast food place and walked in, it was not. Wife had street tacos and they were good. The rice and black beans not so much. I had the retried burrito and it was good. The chips were fresh. The salsa was fresh and chunky. The quest was also very good, but the guacamole was not good at all. I eat Medan food all the time in texas and it was better than here. It was a good place just on a whim and the bar looked decent as well. The place is small and fills up fast. No parking lot only street parking. But that's almost everywhere in New Orleans.I usually get tacos when I go to mexican places - because face it - who doesn't love tacos, but this time I decided to get something different... The Wicked Garden Fajita Plate!
Let me just say, all of my burrito-taco-quesadilla getting friends were so jelly of my huge plate of grilled broccoli, garlic, spinach and squash topped with rice, beans, guac, sour cream and all the cheese I could ever want.
The flavors of the grilled veggies just melted in my mouth and I didn't even miss not having steak or chicken.
I did steal a bite of my friend's Hawaii 5-0-4 (applewood smoked bacon, pulled pork, grilled mango, pineapple salsa, Chipolte sour cream, avocado, cilantro, and jalapenos) and BOY whoever came up with that combination needs a hug. 
I would highly suggest splitting the Hawaii 5-0-4 Nachos amongst the table and finishing off with the Wicked Garden Fajita plate.Two words: CRAWFISH ENCHILADAS!!!!  Don't forget to ask for chipotle ranch to dip your tortilla chips in!  Love this place!  Just stay away from the breakfast burritos.I never write reviews, but this place was killer! Cant say enough good things about our experience here! We just got back from vacationing in the Big Easy, and Juan's was recommended to us several times while we were there. We decided to give it a try, and am I glad we did! Its a very short trolly ride from downtown, and after a few margaritas, its the best way to go lol! We sat at the bar, because the table area was extremely busy! Our bartender was amazing and had a spirit that reminded me of days gone by. How she kept up with all that was going on at that place, I'll never understand. Hell, I think she was even taking and filling to go orders! I believe her name was Val? Hard to remember after a week in the Easy! She made us two of her favorite margaritas and ordered us an appetizer she recommended, with some of the best guac Ive ever tasted! I got pork slaw tacos for my meal and the hubby got the flying burrito! We were blown away by the flavor explosion! I'd recommend this place to anyone, and have told so many of our experience! Sure hope that little lady is rockin it when we go back down for French Quarter Fest!Only getting one star because of the lemon berry margaritas. It was a group of three and we went on a Tuesday around 3:00pm, not busy at all. We stood by the door for at least 10 minutes before the host came from the back and stood behind her host stand and didn't greet us until we asked for a table. Finally get to order food...it took almost 45 minutes in an empty restaurant to get a burrito and 6 tacos. I asked for the featured smoked brisket taco with the slaw on the side. I barely had 3 small pieces of brisket on that taco. Unacceptable and my friend didn't even get hers because they "forgot." Came to this restaurant before it was great with great service, but after this experience I won't be back and wouldn't recommend.Juan's made me a believer. I have been accustomed to very americanised-mexican food. Not that Juan's is extremely authentic mexican food or truly tex mex. Juan's is it's own thing: a Creole Taqueria. The guac is the best I have had for New Orleans. I have a thing for fresh lemonade and Juan's satisfies my fetish! If you crave Mexican food and are in the Big Sleazy, Juan's should be your first choice.We love everything about Juan's.  The salsa is always fresh, the pork quesadilla's are spectacular.  Today tried the Brunch items. All were great. Also, some of the best drinks in townThis is probably one of the better places to both drink and eat Mexican in Mid-City but there are better Mexican places to eat at in the area.  The food is just like all the other Juan's locations in the area except they seem to have added a seperate brunch menu at this location which also probably has the most seating.  The bar layout here doesn't make it very good for watching sports and they only have small TVs that aren't easy to view.  The service here usually isn't as good as the Magazine location and the small parking lot is usually full.  This Juan's is much more restaurant than bar while the Magazine location is more bar than restaurant while the CBD location is still just working on getting the food right.I lived in new orleans a long time ago.  When I returned after 10 years, I had to go to my fav Mexican food in the city!
When I arrived at the mid-city location on carrollton, I found that the menu had changed a little, my go-to dish the chicken enchiladas had changed:  the sauce had changed from red to green and the toppings were a different.  I was a little disappointed in that I had been looking forward to this meal for a while.  I told the waitress my story: that I had been a long time patron and I was really looking forward to having the chicken enchiladas as I remembered them 10 years ago.  I described them.  She smiled and said, "I know exactly what you're talking about, I liked that recipe better too!  No problem, I'll have the chef take care of it for you". Needless to say, a few minutes later, my "old school" chicken enchiladas arrived looking just like I remembered and tasting even better!!
I always loved Juan's for the food, but all these years later, I love them even more for helping me enjoy one of my favorite meals just how I wanted it 10 years later!!Burritos! Nachos! Cervezas!
Amazing food! The only problem is it ALWAYS seems to be packed, and the service isn't always that great.
I live pretty close by, so I order take-out here from time to time. I always have to squeeze in past the neverending queue of people waiting for tables, and it usually takes a good 5 minutes to get a bartender's attention. My food is usually waiting for me when I get there, but if no one will actually speak to me to allow me to pay for it and take it home, that box of delicousness doesn't do me much good.
However! The taste just about makes up for all of this. I've ordered a lot of different burritos here-- they're always good. And they're totally customizable, so it's easy to get what you want. One burrito is about two meals for me. The nachos are also amazing and HUGE (and made with great chips!).
It's definitely worth checking out, but don't expect to be fawned over just for walking in and offering them money.Juan's is a neighborhood restaurant that is cheap and awesome. Although almost always busy, it's worth the wait. 
If you can't make up your mind let me help you.
You want to eat the following...
- Kamehameha Nachos
- Veggie Punk Burrito
- The Luau Quesadilla
- Pork & Slaw Tacos
Great for take out as well.  
Enjoy it!Pork n' Slaw Tacos to Die For!.. Blackened Redfish Tacos! and the Juaha Roll is amazing..a total YuMfU**K! !.. Just got the feeling that everything is great!  A big hit with me and all my friends.  Great food, great drinks! Very reasonable and fun atmosphere! A NOLA must for every visit!  My mouth waters every time I think about Juans!Always the best!! Mardi Gras Indians and the rice and black beans app are ahhhhmazing!!Great food and ambiance! The food is Tex Mex but very good. The music was a bit loud and we struggled to hear each other during conversation but the service was good and allowed us to get in and out quickly. Try the pork tacos.This is the second Juan's and it just doesn't hold up to the original.  The homemade salsas are exceptional, and unfortunately you have to use them to make the burritos as tasty as they should be.The waitress was friendly and attentive. and the margarita was strong. I had the enchiladas with three different sauces, and and an order of queso and chips. It didn't disappoint. I had the super green burrito on another occasion and it was great, the portions are above average and always fresh and tasty. Only 4 stars because parking was less that desirable. Good food for the priceIf you are in New Orleans but not staying downtown, Juan's is a really great place to check-out.  It's a super low key atmosphere with great burritos and margaritas.  A few of my favorites include the Jerk Chicken and Mojado burrito.
The chips and salsa they put out at the beginning are excellent, and the El Patron margarita is quite tasty and strong.  This is a great spot for some good ole fashioned mexican food.Went with the Juan's Flying burrito. It hit the spot as it was a large portion. I'm not sure it needed the shrimp as the chicken steak combo was great and the shrimp ended up distracting from that flavor profile. Next time I would probably ask them to leave out the shrimp. The burrito was wrapped and I guess should have been picked up and ate. But since we were dining in I decided to go at it with a knife and fork which was an issue as the foil and paper it was on tore quickly apart as soon as some of the burrito juices touched it. Service was quick and friendly.  Liked the atmosphere and the look of the restaurant.Like this place fine but the fish tacos need some work. Seasoned well but a couple of bites of fish, salsa, and iceberg lettuce is all there is. Maybe they were running short that day. Will still go back but not for fish tacos. Woody's are better.For the first time in my life, I got up and left a restaurant (1:30 p.m. on March 18, 2015). The Server after bringing us drinks and chips, ignored us. He never came to back to take the rest of our order. Even after asking for the server, still no result. Waited 25 minutes before leaving.  I love the food at Juan's but won't be back anytime soon. And as a semi regular customer who normally does take out, I will be going elsewhere.I'm visiting New Orleans from Southern California and I wanted to order some delicious, easy food to go. Although I thought that I would probably regret trying to find more delicious Mexican food in NOLA than I eat on a very regular basis in Cali, Juan's delicious burrito was, in fact, delicious! Get the Juan's Flying Burrito - it's the perfect size, packed with good quality meat and shrimp, and it comes with guacamole, sour cream, black beans and rice. They also packed in some yummy salsa on the side. I'm a satisfied California girl!I cannot believe I do not eat here more often!  The food is fabulous, I don't think anyone would dispute that, whether you've eaten here once or a 1,000 times. 
I particularly love the fish tacos and there are three different types to choose from, which is a nice twist, but may complicate your selection.  Whatever the green salsa on the table is, squeeze it over your order.  Soooo good, and has a sneaky underlying heat.
The food is reasonably priced, the alcohol not so much, at least not the pitcher of sangria.  $32 bucks was quite the sticker shock at the end of the meal, but like Maxwell House Coffee, it was good to the last drop!
Seating is more accommodating that you would think from the outside.  The parking is okay, as the lot is shared with the apartment complex next door, however, street parking helps.
I love the atmosphere here because it's a true locals place that has a cool vibe.  The servers are tatted up like crazy and give you the impression that if they don't like your attitude, they will charge you extra.  It seems like they totally embrace the "be nice or leave" motto and I'm good with that.
I hope to return soon, so see you there!Yooo, what?! This place is the bomb. I'm a vegan and I ate like a damn QUEEN. They have some boss pitchers of margaritas (caliente is doooooope) and you 1010% won't regret eating here. I came here twice in one weekend, which is crazy behavior but clear evidence of a great place. Adam was my server the second time and wowee he's a top notch, nice guy. Come here to eat && drink, ya dummy.Very yummy! Started with the trio and then Superdome Nachos. Delish!!! Staff was pleasant and helpful and patient with the kids. :) Drinks were perfect.Juans has been a place I consistently dislike but consistently feel like I should give it a chance because everyone else seems to like it.
But why on earth do they?!
My last visit was perhaps the pinnacle of my Juans experiences. As usual it was load, felt busy (though it wasn't), and staff was quick and curt. 
What made me really decide I truly hate this place was not it's mediocre psudo-mexican food. I asked that sour cream be held from my order, I hate sour cream with a passion. I hate all things that remind me of mayonnaise pretty much. My dish came out with sour cream on it, I told them I asked to not have sour cream and that I was allergic to it. The guy who brought out my order turned around and angrily said "you are not fucking allergic to sour cream and don't ever lie to me again". So in the end I'm not, but what if I was. Besides if a customer asks not to have sour cream why shouldn't he return it when he gets sour cream. I as a customer pay for a specific order and service. I expect to get it. He took the plate back, a few minutes later brought it back, the sour cream had been wiped off and the sour creams evil creamy footprint was left behind. I think this is even dumber of an outcome then getting sour cream in the first place.
Maybe the dude was joking, I couldn't tell. I'd like to think he probably was, and just bad at expressing his humor. Regardless I feel confident in my end decision to never go back here. The loud atmosphere, crappy hipster music, and mediocre food just isn't worth it.Parking lot was packed and people eating outside; concerned about a long wait, but was not too bad (condisering we have 5).
Once in, sat at a large booth.  Service came quickly.  Looked at a menu while waiting, but waitress very helpful in offering suggestions.  Awesome Sweet Tea and Lemonberry drink.
Hubby and I shared the Flying Burrito and Redfish Tacos.  Amazing!!
Kids shared nachos.  They had cupcakes too; red velvet was awesome!
Look forward to returning.Juan's MidCity has been my evening Mexican fix for quite some time- indulging in tequila, cupcakes & fried anything. But on this unusual day I decided to give it a go for lunch (its so rare a restaurant has the same vibe from open to close). My lunch did not disappoint: The nachos were balanced so exquisitely, Tuco Salamanca himself would have cried with joy; my burritto wrapped with such care and craftsmanship, it was like something out of a Bone Thugs video; and everything served to me by the dazzling bartender veiled in tattoos. I could feel her warm glow shedding light on my every bite. I had never seen her at night, as I'm used to the girl with the penchant for British accents and the alphabetical reach. I now know I can expect the same shimmer during lunch and dinner.
Having said, I'm not one to uphold The Yelp Review that so many feel entitled to do because they have a stomach and a phone, but today- I too- feel the urge to lower my head and stare at my friendly little screen. Its so good to know there are others in this city that share my love for the taco.I had a good experience at Juan's.  Their menu is trendy and certainly steps outside of the box compared to the typical Mexican restaurant menu.  I'd recommend this place if you're up for something a little different or new.   However, if you're like me, and sometimes heads out for that Mexican dinner where you know you're going to eat until you can't stand up because the cook used crack as an ingredient, I'd stick to your local Mexican favorite.I  love Juan's and eat it whenever I get a chance.
I can understand some of the negative reviews though as their food is somewhat inconsistent.  I usually either get the fish tacos or super shrimp burrito with sour cream on the side.
Now the fish tacos never fail to disappoint.  They are simply put the most delicious fish taco I've ever eaten.  And I've tried a lot of different fish tacos from a lot of different places (it feels so dirty to say that).  But they pale in comparison to Juan's.
That being said, the shrimp burritos are sometimes amazing and sometimes rather pedestrian.  Last night is a good example.  Hardly in guacamole in mine.  Good thing I ordered extra.  It wasn't seasoned very well... rather bland.  Those things are fixable though...  Sometimes though, the shrimp burritos are just incredible.
Why do I even get shrimp burritos if the fish tacos are so good?  Sometimes I like to gamble.flawless!!!!!! food never disappoints, beer is cheap and this one of my favorite spots to eat.Been coming here for years and I always love it. Chrissy is beyond awesome! Food is delicious and drinks are great as well! Will always come back.I'm gonna rate this on a slight curve because we ate at 10:00pm which was close to quitting time. First off the Pork nachos were pretty good. I had the Flying Enchiladas which were a variety of sauces on top of the enchiladas (red,verde and salsa rojo). The filling which was a chicken, beef and shrimp variety had decent flavor. However the corn tortillias they were in were a bit tough to cut through. The rice was something to be desired as well as the black beans. The quesadillas were good and the pork tacos were good. Again the pork had good flavor. I'm from Houston so Mexican food in NOLA would have to be Excellent for me to be Wowed. But overall I would give this place a 3 starAMAZING! Great service, delicious food and fun atmosphere. One of our favorite places in the cityTakeout is always wrong. Today was the fourth and last time this month that I'll attempt ordering anything to-go. I live in the Marigny and hate driving all the way back to Mid-City to have them re-cook for me.I'm from Los Angeles, so I'm really picky when it comes to good, authentic Mexican food. Juan's Flying Burrito is surprisingly refreshing and delicious. I've only been here twice, so I don't really understand the whole "punk" theme thing they have going on here. Some of the burritos have names like Veggie Punk burrito and the Squatter Punk Burrito or whatnot, and the bartender looks the part, but living only a few blocks away-- this is definitely a great place to come for a good meal. The frozen margaritas are pre-made in a daiquiri machine, and are really great as well. 
I recommend sitting at the bar for speedy service, but this is usually the case for any food joint. During the evening hours the waitresses are tattooed and sexy, but I don't have time for all of that. I sit at the bar and my burrito is typically made within 2 minutes. Not bad!LOVE Juans!! Cant go wrong with anything on the menu! Wish the space was bigger but hey what do you expect in the areaService is good but food is horrible . If you like real authentic Mexican food this is not the place . The food doesn't even look tasty when they bring it to you . And the guacamole was dark . Sorry but I was disappointedThis was a great experience. We traveled to New Orleans from Florida on vacation and discovered Juans Flying Burrito on 515 Barrone St. We were seated immediately and served quickly and friendly. I had the blackend fish tacos and thought I was in heaven. The girls split fajitas and boy were the portions large. The prices were low and the food awsome. The place was clean and festive. I am definitely a fan from now on.Disappointing.   Use to be good food but now it's okay.  My salad had so much dressing it was like lettuce soup the burrito was ordinary.  But the waitress was great.This was the first restaurant where my husband and I ever ate in New Orleans, on the night we moved here six years ago! Unique and delicious food; awesome drinks; friendly and helpful staff. I am a vegetarian, and they have many great veg-friendly and vegan options - I highly recommend the Mardi Gras Indians tacos! The nachos are THE BEST in the city, and crazy cheap!! 
We have been to Juan's dozens of times over the years, but I am prompted to write this review today because of something very unusual that occurred there yesterday afternoon. A drunk jerk began ridiculing my husband for his disability. Not only did a group of patrons behind us step in to point out what a cruel and crappy thing the guy was doing, but the staff did everything they could to deescalate the situation right away. I'm pretty sure conflict resolution is not part of the training to become a server or host, and yet they all acted with grace and calm in getting the drunk man away from us and out of the restaurant. 
A bizarre incident like this could have happened anywhere, and I feel terrible for the staff and other patrons that it happened at Juan's, but also very lucky that we found ourselves surrounded by perceptive and supportive humans who were ready to help appropriately! Rest assured that this is a safe and fun restaurant for everybody, and if you are a jerk, you will not be tolerated there. Exceptional!!Tiger Woods cocktail..will be a great starter drink!!I've been to a ton of different "burrito" places in the last few years, everything from chains (Chipotle, etc...), to small local joints like Juans.  I have to say that Juans is definitely one of the best.  My wife had the blackened redfish tacos, and they were by far the some of the best fish tacos I have had, and I have had a LOT of fish tacos in my life.  I had the standard Super Chicken Burrito and it was quite good also.
The restaurant itself is "cool" inside.  It's very casual, quite small and they look like they have pretty good daily food specials and drink specials.Packed place, full door, staff members running around like chickens with their heads cut off. Once you finally get seated, the service is ok but there is literally no room to stand at the door and you will probably be completely skipped and then ushered to a filthy table which will then be wiped down with a filthy rag. 
Food is decent though.I recently tried Juan's, and I really enjoyed it. There is seating on the sidewalk outside, and we were able to eat there with our dogs. I had a vegetarian burrito and my wife had enchiladas, both were excellent. The waiter was very cool and took care of us, and I was very pleased with their food.I have to give it three stars because there really are no real fast food Mexican restaurants in Nola. Juans is our version of Chipotle. It's quick taste good though because of inconsistent prep habits inconsistent food. The only thing separates it from Chipotle are the local specials like the red fish tacos and the crawfish burrito. Though the tacos are way less filling than the burritos for the price. Best salsa verde in town (green salsa).I've been here many times and this has become my go-to mexican restaurant in New Orleans.  Their tacos are delicious especially the Americanos.  They have good beer, good food, and good people.  Not to mention, it is in a cool neighborhood and it has outdoor seating.Since some time has passed, I have to reevaluate my love for Juan's. The parking situation is atrocious (one tiny lot with no turn-around), there always seems to be a wait for a table (even at 3pm on a Sunday), and the service is pretty spotty. The food & margaritas are consistently awesome, but when I'm looking for tex-mex in MidCity, I often choose Felipe's over Juan's.We really enjoyed our two trips to Juan's during our stay in New Orleans. I'd managed to max out on fried oysters and po-boys earlier in the week, so we went hunting for some alternatives to the standard cheap fare available elsewhere downtown. Juan's delivered. Highlights on the menu were the Kamehameha nachos with pulled pork and mango salsa, green chile chicken enchiladas and, yes, the bacon chocolate almond popsicle. Believe it. 
Excellent food and super affordable prices!We heard Juan's was good so dropped in for dinner. 6pm most tables were already occupied. I ordered the Luau quesadillas and a mid-city mojito, my husband ordered the blackened red fish tacos. First of all my mojito came with mango. Okay, maybe the server didn't hear me, but anyway, order the mango mojito if you like super-sweet. I was stupid for not complaining. Second my quesadilla came - not Luau. Chicken not shrimp, tomato not pineapple salsa. Hello??
My husband's fish tacos should have been called slaw tacos with a hint of fish. 
All in all a fair experience. Won't be going back.You might hear Slayer's Angel of Death blasting from the kitchen (RIP Jeff Hanneman, reign in blood for eternity), you might have a heavily-tatted waiter, and you might not be smiled at by everyone who works there as they walk by your table. If you don't like it, I think they dock points for waiters who don't smile over at Applebee's in Metairie.
This place is real, and you'll see customers from all walks who appreciate it. The Al Pastor burrito is where it's at -- shredded pork in pineapple salsa.A neighborhood favorite! Inexpensive and the margaritas are great. Try the 504 nachos!This is actually great value and good atmosphere. You cann take out and drink beer while you wait.... food pretty fast and it's tasty.  It's Tex-Mex without them touting to be a Mexican rest. or attempting authenticity or being to complicated.  But their tacos are actually the  real thing...one of the better taco attempts that I have had in New Orleans....outside of the real taco trucks.  Their Burritos are like California style and well worth the price.  very tasty and good homemade salsas!    Getting hungry thinking about them......I have been here a few times and everything seems to be pretty tasty. Love the Jerk shrimp and mango salad! My mojito was not great though the one time I ordered it. All the frozen margaritas seem to be pretty delicious though. Would definitely recommend to anyone!I think in the back of my mind, I wanted to not like Juan's. I just heard so many good things about it I thought it was, well, too good to be true- I'm so glad I was wrong. 
Everything seemed to be working against me enjoying myself here that day- it was pouring, my friends and I went to two restaurants only to find that they were closed from 3 - 5 PM (Really?, What's the point? We're looking at you Harrison Ave.), the parking lot they had (first good sign of the day since it is off of busy Carrollton) was full (but soon enough a car left) and my hunger was in no mood to be compromised by shoddy or mediocre food!
When we got there, we were sat promptly and handed these small menus. I ordered a Modelo Especial with lime immediately and realized that just about everything on the menu sounded incredible. This made me eager to want to come back and try out some other food and drink items in the future. I was also delighted at the prices- they were more than reasonable. I did end up going with their name sake. The Flying Burrito.
Once it came out, I was even happier. The burrito was the size of an elephant fetus. The ingredients were excellent too- fresh steak, chicken, beans, rice, and other veggies i don't remember that were cooked in an awesome Tex-Mex fusion. Holy shit, I just realized how hungry that description made me.
I must confess, there was ONE negative to be found at Juan's. I must agree with my fellow yelpers on this one important issue- A (WO)MAN SHOULDN'T HAVE TO PAY FOR CHIPS AND SALSA. Period. 
Also, some of the other reviewers I noticed seem to be having trouble with how to label Juan's- is it Mexican,Tex-Mex, fusion, creole or even "authentic"? All I have to say to this is "Who cares?". This is New Orleans. Enjoy the food, forget the arbitrary food categories for a moment, and enjoy the pleasures of the table with family and/or friends.
You get the picture. Great food, great prices, great atmosphere and a great dining experience. Juan's, I will be coming back for more.I've been coming to Juan's (Mid City) for a couple years and I've thoroughly explored the menu. This place never disappoints! Be sure to check the specials board! Some great house margaritas well!Allen and I desperate for good tacos in this town (please DM suggestions!) and so won't pass up an opportunity to go to a Mexican restaurant. I know I need to put aside my taco requirements when going to a gringo place but we ordered tacos just the same.
We had the chicken & chorizo special, which is served with cole slaw. It was really good, but portions are small and very bare bones. This is totally a late-night/booze kind of place so I think our midday experience wasn't all it could be.
Fine, but unlikely to come there to satisfy our insatiable taco needs. We gotta get out in the evenings and check out some of the trucks!I really want to like Juan's.  I really do.  But everything about this place is inconsistent.  When you walk in the door, you roll the dice that some combination of the following things will happen:  The hostess will seat you quickly, the hostess will inform you that there is a wait and you will grab a delicious or terrible margarita from the bar, the hostess will hardly speak to you and you will mill about in the door way for half and hour.  When you are seated, your server will either be sweet and great at her job or alternate between being no where to be found and hipster-snotty.  Your food will either be fantastic! Mexico meets California --delicious magic awesomeness hitting all the right spots! Or you will furrow your brows, try to figure out what the mystery taste is and have diarrhea the next day.  (seriously)
I really WANT to like you, Juan's!  Get your act together so I can like you!Awesome food, service and location.  1st trip to NO and this one will definitely be on our list when we return.  Found it by accident, we were staying in the warehouse district and the walk there has some nice scenery.  
Make sure you try all the sauces!!  They were all so good, I could not figure out which one to use on the fajitas!!  Everything we had was EXCELLENT!!  One of the best "hole in the wall" places ever.
We had several disappointing meals and were very hesitantthe staff is so horrible here, that i have overlooked how good the food was.  after six times, i've decided i won't be going back.
ladies, elitist and waitress do not go hand in hand.This had been a solid 4 or 5 stars in my naive past, but after frequenting this place for long enough, the mystique begins to fade.  I was willing to overlook coughing up 4 bucks for chips and salsa, although that should be illegal at Mexican restaurants.  I was also willing to overlook the hipster waitresses wearing shorts so high their front pocket linings were sticking out (would have been okay if hott).  I am fine with the chefs singing their grunge rock favorites in the kitchen, how there is never green or red salsa on my table when my food comes, and that there is nowhere to park.  
But today I received a "Flying Burrito" that appeared to have been both stuffed and rolled by somebody practicing for a toe painting contest.  It was wrapped with the sophistication of a drunk man attempting to make burritos at home out of cheese and whatever other solid protein is available at microwave speed.  The tortilla was not steamed, nor was it grilled (either or would have sufficed) and the meat was layered in three distinct sections as if I was supposed to enjoy an entirely different burrito every fifth bite.  Signing my tab of $9.89 for water and a burrito, never having taken a bite of a tortilla chip nor sipping margarita, the nectar of Tenochtitlan I shuddered at my 30% tip and wondered how I became so easily fleeced in the past.  Please up the ante on your quality control and I pray to Quetzalcoatl that you offer free chips from now on.Ordered the wet burrito, and it was the best Mexican spot I could find in NOLA. Highly recommend 
The staff are very friendly and got our orders in quickly. Great atmosphere to come and enjoy some awesome Mexican food and great vibesUsed to really like this location and their food. I don't know what happened to Juan's. I tried their downtown location a couple months ago and it was terrible. Thought maybe it was just that new location, but the food was terrible and the service was horrible (even on a slow late lunch time) 
Thought my good old Carrolton location would redeem the franchise. Well ate there the other night. Food was mediocre - guacamole tasted DAYS old, tacos were dry and poorly made. 
Service was terrible both times, I try not to rate on service because that can be variable and isn't always a reflection of the business as a whole, but both locations I had terrible service so I'm thinking management issues are related. 
Either way, sad that a previously favorite spot has slipped into a sub par category. Maybe I'll try the magazine location but there are bietter Mexican spots I'm going to be going to unless I hear that things have changed.The veggie burrito was mostly bland with an overpowering amount of jalapeños that ruin the rest of the meal. Guacamole was wayyyyy to sweet and the margarita pitcher was so bad we had to send it back. I will not be returning.Pretty good . Margaritas will have you crawling outta there! Ate the pork 'n' slaw, very good. I must say, the waitress was a little dingy.This is my go to neighborhood place.  Place is hipster and youthful but fine place for a yuppie family (i.e. me).  I always get the  Juan's Flying Burrito and am never dissapointed.  They have booze too.  Sit outside.  Enjoy.  Fair prices too.Just wasn't good. Ordered a simple chicken quesadilla...was not pleased at all. The chicken had a weird taste. Also for the price it really wasn't worth it. The bathroom was not clean and the kitchen didn't look to be the most sanitary either. Would not return. Service was decent.If I could post zero stars I would.
This place has no clue about Mexican food or preparing food at all.
I asked for corn tortillas and first was given white, then wheat never corn.
The guacamole was brown, when I asked for fresh guacamole the same brown stuff came again, seriously pre made, they don't even make fresh!
I ordered vegetable fajitas half the veg that was supposed to come never came.All the food came on one crowded plate, the shredded lettuce again from a bag and all brown. My husband was to scared to eat this food. Please unless you  could care less about what you eat, don't wast your money at this totally gross place.love this place.   hadn't been to this location, so just a heads up, parking can be a pain, but once inside, good stuffs.   
waitstaff is fun, and the food is stand up, and the prices here always good for the wallet.   I had a jalapeno margarita.  yum.
enchiladas, chips, salsa, queso, and yum.Juan's....I love you!!! The queso is different from what I'm used to,but it's great! I love the Guacamole, and the chips are always warm and perfectly crispy! Everything that I've had from Juan's has always been spot on every time. THE PINEAPPLE CHICKEN TACOS ARE MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITE, paired perfectly with a frozen strawberry margarita! I have tried the cucumber margarita, and I enjoyed it also! They are normally busy, but they have never lacked on customer service! Dine in or take out is always winner either way!Juan's Flying Burrito (Mid-City) is located in a busy section of N. Carrollton Avenue. This location is full of people (lunch at noon on Saturday), so we sat at the bar, instead of waiting for a table. I ordered the chicken enchiladas ($8.95), and my companion ordered the Flying Burrito (beef, chicken, and shrimp) enchiladas ($10.95). Both meals came with Mexican rice and black beans. We both agreed that the food was good, and we would return. Check it out! RJTAwesome food. Great service. We were dropping the kid off at college and after a day of moving into the dorm, it was chow time. My hubby selected Juan's and I was not excited about Mex while in NOLA..... Glad we went. Everything was fabulous from my blackened fish tacos with a lime/cilantro sauce, big bowl appetizer, my husband had some spinach & artichoke heart quesadilla with goat cheese that was amazing. 
My drinks were good and service was fast. If you're ever in NOLA on Magazine Street, this place is a must. You'll love it.I love Juan's.  I really do.  The food here is awesome.  I wish they carried more craft beer though but whatever.
My favorite food to get is a battle between the fish tacos and the Luau quesadilla.  Both are awesome.  The queso dip rocks too.
The Mid City location is a little tougher to find seating because of size and the amount of people who like to show up and eat here.
The waiters and waitresses I have encountered have always been great.  Never any issues!I LOVE Juan's -- Lots of kids at the Mid-City location but it's still great. Awesome happy hour.After a day at the NOMA and a pleasant stroll down Decatur, we ended up dining in Mid-City. Aiming to keep our play-dates under $60 without sacrificing quality and quantity, we decided to hop into Juan's. 
On a rainy day, Juan's was a great choice.  Small, vibrant, and high-paced is what we needed to keep our energy up. Looking around at all the delicious plates the servers were dishing out, we noticed the portion size. Every plate was huge. We decided to split an entree and an appetizer. We shared a burrito and chicken nachos with two waters and it was plenty. 
Seat availability is limited , one, because the food is delicious, two, Juan's is pretty popular so there's always a crowd, and three, its a small cozy place great for intimate outings with friends and/or 1st date(s). If you are looking for space and you have small children, infants/ toddlers, maybe not because its noisy and the space between each table is like 2 inches... Also, there are no flying burrito's-- cool and catchy but not literal. Parking sucks. If you see a space available on the street, grab it and walk to Juan's because there are only like 10 spaces for customers. 
Overall a great place so dive in and enjoy!Best burrito location in NOLA!  If you know of a better one I will reward you for introducing it to me... but, I seriously doubt it.
Almost always order the Super-green burrito, add chicken.  Awesome, Every time!  There is usually this refrigerator sized, black-guy cooking back in the kitchen... props to him, consistent perfection. 
That's not their only Mona Lisa though, they have:  Grilled red-fist taco's with cilantro sauce, excellent; nachos, fantastic; guacamole, salsa, and queso you can't go wrong with; and of course the Flying-burrito, has to be good, it's their name.
Next on my list -fajitas.  Never had them and I think it's time to branch out.Good food, good service, cheap beer. Not much else I could want out of a place! I had the flying fajita and was not disappointed, they give you tons of food! The only thing I would say is to give more then 3 tortillas with it, I ordered an extra (50 cents) to go with my leftoversThe outdoor seating was really great! I sat on the sidewalk with my pup, and the service was still really good. The guacamole is among the best I have had and the green veggie burrito was virtuous and delicious. The green chile sauce was a bit of a let down, but I just spent two years in New Mexico so I have high standards. The waitresses' were hipstery and cute, but attentive and friendly. One complaint: flour tortillas only here, not friendly to the gluten-free! Some corn tortillas for burritos would be a worthwhile improvement.I went here with 2 friends last night.  Waiting maybe 10 minutes for a table. Waitress brought chips and salsa. It was ok.  I split the steak fajitas with a friend.  they were inedible.  I should have taken a picture. It didn't even look like steak. It was shriveled pieces of I don't know what.  I will NEVER come back here.  It was disgusting!!!Man I just can't say enough good things about Juan's! Their house margaritas are much better quality than most house margaritas I've had at your typical Mexican restaurant hot spot .... and you can get a pitcher of it at a very reasonable price (which can be rare in Mexican restaurant world). 
I have had the nachos, the enchiladas, the burritos, that tacos, the quesadillas, the queso, the salsa, the guacamole....and I can honestly say nothing disappoints here. Oh god just thinking about it makes me want to go back RIGHT NOW. I still have yet to try the fajitas however and a few other little side items. 
Maybe I'm jaded because I just love a place with outdoor seating so I can bring my dog along when the weather is nice. Or maybe it's the fact that I drink at least a half a pitcher of margarita every time I come here so I always leave with a warm and cozy buzz that illusions me again and again into thinking I had this magnificent time with great food. Either way, I submit to whatever spell Juan's has casted upon me.I've been to Juan's twice: once in 2012 when it was dead and once this year when it was slam-packed. I have to say, as much as I dislike a wait - I prefer it when it was busy. 
It's a hop and a skip away from the Quarter, so you lose most of the tourist masses along the way.  I have a feeling this place is mostly frequented by locals. When every seat is filled on a Saturday night, that is a good thing in my book. The food must not be so bad, either. 
I had a double margarita on the rocks and the Pork-Slaw tacos.  The margarita was made fast and tasted great. We waited a tiny bit for our food, but my tacos looked great and tasted wonderful.  The pork didn't have a ton of flavor to it by itself, I will say. However, mixed with the slaw and the right hot/mole sauce - they were delicious. 
It cost us a $12 Uber ride to get into Mid-City from the Quarter. I highly recommend it if you're sick of being robbed at the tourist traps. Explore North and you find divey, but delicious places like Juan's.The food here is always delicious, with flavor explosions in the mouth. The service, has been ideal. Quick, fun, efficient and courteous, what more could one hope for?Had great takeout food from there the food was absolutely delicious was  very good we will go there and have a sit down  meal loved itWell, not exactly blown away, unfortunately.
For starters, no pork for the Hawaii 504 Nachos? Really? An establishment like this out of a major protein? Someone done screwed up in doing prep work in the kitchen.
The Green Goat Quesadilla was OK. Not cooked long enough, unfortunately.
And, charging $2 for a small bowl of generic salsa? Considering they don't start you with chips and salsa gratis when you sit down seemed a bit greedy.
Our server, Kit was very nice though.
I will probably give them another chance but to be honest have had better food and a better experience at El Gato Negro.My go-to spot for burritos. Their Hawaii 504 nachos are wonderful. Never thought pineapple would work on nachos but it does in a major way. They get their food out fast and I'm never disappointed when I try something new here.Juan's will fill all your Tex Mex cravings. I've been here for lunch and brunch and never been disappointed. The food here is what you'd expect from your run of the mill Tex Mex place but done so well. I've had the taco salad from here and all the ingredients are super fresh! The burrito is satisfying and a good choice as well! The tacos might even be better. The hardest part about eating here is deciding what to order because it's all good.
If you come at a busy time be prepared to wait because it is a small place. It's definitely worth the wait! I'm just hard core into Tex Mex and would wait forever for it.
The reason I can't give Juan's 5 stars is simply because you have to pay for chips and salsa. I have a strong aversion to Mexican restaurants like that and usually avoid them like the plague but make an exception for Juan's.Food was excellent..... service was good... order time was FAST .... ONLY minor issue I had was wanting more heat in the salsas. ... great place overalllA go-to spot for us when we can't think of what we want to eat. The regular margaritas are okay, but the top shelf ones are stellar, my favorite being the Lowrider. Mm mm, good. Also, the cajun iced tea is more rum than it is tea. Just a warning.
The food is good and cheap. Two people can eat here for under $20, including tip. Of course, that doesn't include any drinks. 
Delicious things I like: Wicked Garden fajitas, quesadillas with roasted garlic, spinach, and tomatoes, jerk chicken burritos, and bean and cheese nachos with extra cheese.
And for the love of god, bring back the barbecue shrimp special. Permanently. Ok thanks love you bye!I generally like Juan's but this location has grossed me out both times I've been. I could smell vomit near the kitchen and the bathrooms were neither cleanly nor smelled pleasant. The floors are horrific with the place just seeming overall unsanitary. Service was very slow and we waited for 40 mins to get seated. Come to find out our name had been crossed off the list by the hostess... This place was unimpressive and I felt dirty when I left. Food tasted fine but if the rest of the place is disgusting you can't help but think your food can't be sanitary either.Not a good experience today.  The pork tacos are usually our go-to selection, but today they were dry and bland.  Normally, I wouldn't turn to Yelp to share my disappointment because, well, everyone has an off day once in a while.  But what really irritated me was the 'gangsta rap' blaring throughout the place.  The other patrons were equally annoyed judging by the look on their face.  Great ambiance Juan's... not.Juan's on Carrollton Ave. is one of the best kept secrets in the city. I say "secret" despite the fact that the restaurant is usually busy. I think this is because the majority of customers are repeat customers, and understandably so. I usually dine here at least three times per week. The menu offers a wide variety of dishes. The food is excellent and is really a bargain when considering portion size and reasonable pricing. 
Val, the bar waitress, is always there to greet you with a smile.  She is very attentive and quite amazing if you watch her in action. I usually sit at the bar as she is my favorite waitress. Management is always visible and are very polite to everyone who enters. Another reason I like to sit at the bar is to view the attention to detail by the cooks. The kitchen is open to view how your food is being prepared. I am really mesmerized sometimes at the teamwork, consistency and speed in the kitchen. This is important as all the food is prepared after your order has been taken. This insures that your food gets to you promptly after prepared.
Val is not only a good waitress but she also makes some of the best drinks. The drinks are also at a decent price. I have to return at night though to get my drink on.
Also, the two televisions add to your dining experience.
As you can see, Juan's is one of my favorite restaurants. The only problem I have with Juan's on Carrollton is that sometimes parking can be a problem. I have had to park three blocks away sometimes because it can be quite busy at times. This, even in the rain, is not a deterrent for me, for the service and quality of food far exceeds any parking issues.They can't be bothered to answer their phone or get orders right. Happened the last three times. They are off my list.Juan's Flying Burrito on Magazine St. is one of my favorite restaurants, however this location is absolutely awful. The food was much worse, and while I was sitting at the bar waiting for my table I saw a chef behind the counter stick his fingers into a bowl of beans (to check the temperature maybe?). The waitstaff were rude, and we waited an hour 45 mins to be seated and watched as other people who arrived after us were seated before us.Don't get me wrong... The service here is amazing! All of the staff are very nice and polite. But the food... It has made me sick both times that I have went. I am vegan, so I thought it would be great to try their Wicked Garden burrito, excuse the cheese and sour cream. I threw up after finishing it. The greasy beans must have done it for me that time. 
I tried it again a second time.... This time with veggie fajitas...Blew chunks everywhere. I thought maybe the first time it was just me....But after talking to my other vegan buds that wanted a nice vegan experience, they told me the same thing. Food was delicious, but not worth getting sick over.
Juan's? ....Never again!The food is great but the parking like most of the other reviews mention is hard to get. I walked a block or 2 because parking was do hard but no big deal because the food is sooo good. The nachos and the margaritas I love ! We did have to wait but only about 10 min. Overall it's worth the hassle because it's the best Mexican I've had in New Orleans so far.I moved to New Orleans as an avid fan of Chipotle.  And I know, I know -- you don't move to NOLA to eat at chain restaurants.  But I don't care.  I love me some Chipotle and I missed it something awful.  Juan's reminds me a lot of Chipotle, but it has so many more options.  If you want a NOLA spin on something you might already love, I think this is a great option.Sometimes you just want to get a frozen margarita for your dog walk. It's delicious, big, and $6. When that's the case, I walk my dog over, tie her up to the bike rack and pop in and out just like that. 
Sometimes, I feel like a sit-down experience. In that case, I don't show up until after 1 PM because this place gets PACKED for lunch. The vibe is "trendy yet approachable." I usually make a beeline for the bar but sometimes that doesn't work. Queso dip is creamy and dreamy, but if I'm alone I usually go straight to the flying enchiladas or jerk-chicken burrito. My boyfriend always orders off the specials board. 
I come here a lot because the food is good, price is right, and the service is succinct and efficient. Even when they're really busy and you have to wait for a couple minutes to be acknowledged (which is my biggest peeve), once they get to you you're in good hands (so it's ok). No bogus upselling (except the obligatory 'do you want chips and salsa'), I just get fed, checked up on, and left alone in a good way.I don't know if they still have it because I got it a few weeks ago, but the Southwestern Cobb Salad they had as a special for a while was awesome. Literally ate it three times in about a week. I had to stop myself. It's usually pretty crowded and loud, but that's a sign of a good place to eat in my opinion.Not usually one to leave a bad review but I was overwhelmed with horrible service, unfortunately I didn't get to really enjoy the food and my cucumber margarita was wasted.
I brought my family there for lunch, we were not able to sit inside because they were full, not a problem! We sat outside in the HEAT, still no problem but it took forever to get water or service. When we finally did get service the waitress was so preoccupied with her friends siting at the next table that we felt completely ignored. It took 20 minutes to get our Margaritas! Well I got mine at least, my daughters margarita was not able to be made. It still took them 20 minutes to tell us that. Our server left all of our menus stacked on our table. There were 8 of us stuffed into a picnic table. We asked several times for silverware and finally someone who was not our server brought them but only brought 2? Part of our food came out, then 10 minutes later the rest of us got to eat. The server forgot about refills after being asked again & again. It was hot and we needed refills of water, we just wanted our food so we could leave.  We sat fuming watching our server give her friends awesome service and just standing there talking to them while completely ignoring us. By the time we got the food we were just over it!! The only saving grace for this visit was the young man, maybe the host? He seemed to be the only helpful staff member there. This is by far the worst service I have ever gotten and I have been a restaurant manager for 25 years! As a restaurant owner now, I will NEVER come back here again. We still left her a tip even though she did not deserve it at all!someone should inform ownership that the new lights over the bar are more suited to incubating chicken eggs than setting ambiance...oh, wait, i just did...a dimmer would help...sheesh...
YAY!!!  they put in a dimmer...you should check it out...
also, the new a/c is rockin' awesome and the fresh paint looks great...
keep up the great work, juan!!!Juans Flying Burrito(the Carrollton location) is my Taco Tuesday fix...hell any day of the week fix lol. Not to brag but I think they have me beat on tacos..and I've recently discovered the "Taco Pizzas"..OMG...I'm never dissatisfied when going to Juans and don't get me started on the queso....I think I spelled it right lol but that's(shhhhh) the Don Julio kicking in lol but you'll enjoy it..first date date night...well rounded customer friendly staff willing to break down the menu if needed...ENJOY AS MUCH AS I DO!!!!!I love Juan's Flying Burrito!! I eat here way too often. They have amazing queso! I've also had their taco salad, quesadillas, chicken bacon ranch tacos (which aren't on the menu but are a daily special), nachos, I've basically eaten everything off their menu except the burritos. haha! But I'm sure those are amazing too! 
It has a fun atmosphere. Their take out service is quick and easy. And their Margaritas are very strong. All excellent things in my book.While visiting a friend in NOLA, she ranked this restaurant as her favorite!  We split the guac and salsa as a group: amazing, just what I would expect.  For dinner, I ordered the chicken tacos: flavorful and exactly what I would hope for in a taco!  Can't ask for much more!  Our server kept the refills coming on drinks and chips.  All in all, 5 stars for me!I'm mixed on this place. The portions are completely reasonable and so are the prices. The atmosphere sucked, it was noisy and they were playing metal in the restaurant. It was also packed which created kind of a stressful environment. I would however say this place isn't really authentic, but that is a judgement I'll let you make.  I also tasted no cilantro on my tacos, I suppose I like my tacos to be a little more traditionally Mexican. Nonetheless I'd go back again if I'm hungry and in the area.I suppose Juan's reads the yelp reviews and has done their best to improve because I found no fault with my dining experience. I arrived less than a hour before closing time and none of them caused me to feel as if I was a problem. The service was attentive and speedy. My burrito was delicious!  Good amounts of meat (steak was tender and juicy), vegetables, and condiments. I had a happy belly when I left and took one of their giant cupcakes to go! I found the menu prices reasonable and would only like to see the price of the cupcake lowered...$3.75 is a bit much! 
Anyway, I'll return. With the pretty fall weather around the corner, the outdoor picnic tables would be great!Had cheese queso & the bacon azoul.The Azoul is always a winner beef bacon and cheese the perfect 3. The Queso was good too but cheese hasn't failed me much in life. The food was great along with the service. I shall return.I'm the Juan's Take Out Queen...... You can't get better than there Flying Fajitas.... Juicy Steak, shrimp and shrimp...grilled to perfection with vegetable!!!! A yellow rice and more.... Its just the perfect meal after a long day. Short waits and no worries. Worth every penny....
Also... Sangria... No matter which one they have that day... You try it and you love it all of its fresh greatness!
Parking can be a little tricky. Not much private lot parking but on-street parking in the area.I heard a lot about this place, and decided to try it with my husband. Both of our dishes (enchiladas and burrito) were edible, but pretty flavorless. The carnitas was also flavorless and a bit dry. The atmosphere of the place is pretty cool, with the decor and everything, but sadly, the food doesn't hold up. I would come back here for maybe some cheap drinks during happy hour, but not for a meal. Sorry Juan's, I wanted to love you.Love Juan's. Today came in for lunch...one problem...guy with HUGE dreads, nice and long..all in the front...floating and touching (grazing) all over the food!!  I said something and he pushed them to the back..then they were hovering over everything behind him.  Do dread locks shed like other hair??  Surprised no hair nets for them.  YUK!simply put: I am a burrito snob. I make them at home just about everyday and I'm Mexican -- so it's gonna take a lot of amazing to impress me. 
This was not spectacular or amazing. However, it was not bad. I had an Al Pastor burrito: the meat was good, the salsa disappointing, the rice was disappointing, too. 
I'll give this place another try in the near future.Cheap and yummy!!
Might I say, the one on Magazine Street is a total bust.  Even if you're close to that location, don't even think about going there.  The waitstaff is super-rude and the food is subpar to the one MidCity.
The MidCity location is, however, SUBLIME.  We decided to try the blackened redfish tacos (moist, flavorful, delish) special and the shrimp diablo.  We also had some specialty cocktails (there are TONS) that knocked our socks off.  MidCity has specials and drinks that Mag St. does not.  The waitstaff is much nicer also.  
Great for a fun night out with your guy or one of your feistier girlfriends.  The atmosphere is really laid-back; lots of color with The Pixies playing in the background.  I'm in love.Loved this place until today.  Waited at least 20 minutes while waitress chit chatted with her friends. Finally left. Come on New Orleans. What's up?Went here anticipating just having drinks for happy hour.. I typically don't like house tequila, but theirs was actually REALLY good! The HH special is house margs, 2 shots in 1 and let me tell you... one will make you veryyy happy! No headache from cheap tequila or anything! The chicken quesadilla was also amazing, however I do feel like it could have had more chicken in it. The quesadilla itself was pretty flat and lacking enough meat on the inside. It also took a while to get our food (to go) and the waitress knew we had somewhere to be. We ordered and waited about 30 minutes just for 2 quesadillas and 1 burrito. Would I go back though? Definitely!Juans is always a good place to get a margarita and some cheap food. It is american mexican style with a bit of rock n roll. They have been around forever and always had pretty good food. I think I started to eat here when I was 18 and tried to order drinks, they always carded me. haha I am still eating here more than ten years later and the food is still good. The service is reliable and they are open late.Great margarita, service, and food. This restaurant is hip and quaint. I had the pork tacos and my company had The flying enchiladas. It was all fantastic! I would give this place 5 stars but chips and salsa weren't complimentary. What Mexican restaurant doesn't provide complimentary chips and salsa??My new favorite! Good music, cool atmosphere, & super yummy food! I had The Luau quesadilla & my husband got steak tacos, we both really liked the whole visit!Juan's is a good spot for Tex-Mex and drinks. Everything I've eaten here has been awesome, with my favorite being the Flying Burrito. The atmosphere is pretty hip, also. Of the Juan's locations this one is not the best, BUT the parking is much better here than on Magazine.the food is pretty decent at this location.  i've been here a couple of times with friends, and everyone has enjoyed their respective orders.  per usual, i get a salad as a meal.  they have a tasty taco salad, but if deep fried tortilla chips aren't your thing, you can tell the waitstaff to leave them off.  the salad is very filling, especially if you get some type of meat, and well worth the price.  i think i recently paid 8 or so usd for a steak taco salad.  
if you're a hipster, this place is not too cool for you.  they sell 1 or 2 usd pbr's for your indifferent pleasure.
note 1: if you're claustrophobic and/or don't like people all up in your business during meals, you might not like this location because the seating is *awfullyclose*.  
note 2: lot parking essentially blows but if you've got parallel parking skillz, you should be ok because there is plenty around the restaurant.Always delicious. This is my go to spot for Saturday lunch. The tattooed bartender is always spot on with a hello and a delicious michelada.The first time I was seated outside and I remembered the disgusting smell coming from the sewer which ruined my meal. I came back on a weekday (Wednesday) hoping that it wasn't too busy. The wait was about 10 minutes which wasn't bad.
My cousin and I sat down and waited nearly 20 minutes before getting asked our drinks and our waitress wasn't friendly whatsoever. We decided to order our apps and tacos all at once knowing how slow the service was. My root beer tasted like they didn't even clean the cup. 
Quesco con Chorizo- the chorizo tasted nothing like chorizo. It tasted like beef stew. 
Chips and Guac- not gonna lie, it was the only thing I enjoyed. Chips were a little stale though. 
After waiting another 25-30 minutes, our tacos came.
Carribean Style Fish Tacos- the tortilla was hard and very chewy. The fish was not flaky or fresh. The lettuce tasted like grass. 
Pork and Slaw Tacos- didn't enjoy all the oil running out of my taco. I wish there was some sauce to compliment the tacos, but that wasn't an option. 
Upon receiving the bill, our waitress seemed to be friendly thanking us for coming, but didn't ask once how our service and meal went. Will never be coming back.Great funky place.  Friendly staff.  Buffalo tacos.  Al Pastor burrito.  Good portions.  Highly recommend.Bestest pico ever!!! How is this possilbe that I've never reviewed Juans - I KNOW I have ... I think...??? anyways - I LOVE the food here.... great chips & salsa (but not free) & of course my absolute favorite is the Juaha Roll with Chicken!! I've also had their blueberry margarita & LOVED it!
My honey always gets something different and loves it always!! good stuff!! 
The wait staff is always hussling & the place is always busy!Whenever I'm craving a margarita, $2 cans of PBR, and some tacos, I head to Mid-City Juan's for my fix.  The menu is full of interesting combinations and everything is amazing.  I have sampled almost everything and love the Jerk shrimp and goat cheese salad, the Flying Burrito, El Pastor Burrito, and the Diablo fajitas if you need your sinuses cleared!
Almost a year ago, I discovered the Pork and Slaw tacos and I dream about them constantly.  They are the perfect blend of spicy and sweet with pulled pork and crunchy slaw overflowing the taco shells.  Juan's is great for a casual meal that won't hurt your wallet!First off, I dislike having to pay for chips & salsa at a Mexican restaurant when most give it away for free.  Then, sadly theirs is below average which is really disappointing.  The food is also a cut below a lot of the competition.  It's not bad Mexican food, but there is a lot better out there with free chips & salsaliterally best fucking burrito ever. 10/10 would recommend. it's like heaven in your mouth.I love the flying burrito. So much going on in it! Properly priced too. Very affordable. I love coming here on lunch. Such a cool atmosphere too! It's less than 10 minutes from where I work so I probably eat here too much but how can you resist? The staff is friendly and helpful too. For it being such a small, busy place they really hustle and do a great jobgetting you your food on time and correct. I really enjoy this place.One of the better Mexican places in town - nice weird quesadillas like the BLT. And it takes exactly one beer for them to make your to-go order.I throughly enjoy an atmosphere with unique uniforms where I dine. Juan's Flying Burrito is a great example. I've eaten around the menu and chose the shrimp enchiladas this time around. Very homey and comfortable. It does the job-- better than most but the staff and service is the real reason I continue to come back!
I do wish they had more specials-- and $4buck chips! Come on!Enjoyed some drinks here during happy hour on a visit to New Orleans. Ordered margaritas and queso and chips and salsa. Friends of mine got some guac. They get an A+ from me for having strong margs, good queso, PBR, and fast service. Sat outside. It was lovely.Absolutely amazing! A must visit if you're in the area. High quality food and a creative menu with big portions!Do not come to Juan's if you are looking for authentic Mexican food!  It is simply a self-proclaimed Creole Taqueria, and in my mind: just a fun, cheap, punky, burrito joint, in a relaxed atmosphere, with an interesting menu and great spicy slaw.  Mardi Gras Indian Tacos are a stand-out vegetarian dish (roasted corn, grilled squash, spicy slaw, beans, cheese, heaven).  Juans found its niche in New Orleans.  
Both locations are excellent, have not had a bad experience at either, although I do prefer Magazine St, a tad funkier.Not terribly authentic but reliably delicious.  Count on waiting unless you go early.  Service tends to be better at the Mid-City location.First time going there and it's amazing. The food is good. I got chicken enchiladas with rice and beans with salsa and guacamole . They give you a lot of salsa and guacamole which I also like.Had some damn fine cheese enchiladas and a few bottles of Turbo Dog for $16. Their red and green chile sauces would not be out of place in NM. A taste sensation that can't be beat.  A little crowded, but quick service at the bar.Not reviewing the restaurant as a whole  just my service today. I work next door to juans and always take my clients for lunch there when the opportunity arises. After today I'm not sure juans deserves my business anymore. I was in between clients and ran in just to get a Coke and cookie to go. It's been a busy day and needed a pick me up. The time was 2:30 so the lunch hour Rush was over and place relatively empty. The man working the bar had such a bad attitude. One, I had to wait on him to take my order. Once I ordered he looked at me, rolled his eyes and exclaimed, "you mean that's it just a cookie and a Coke?!l". I'm sorry you didn't like my order of choice, but like I said just grabbing a pick me up on my way back to the office. After that I feel he refused to bring me the check. I had to walk all the way to the back find a server just pay my $4 ticket. Yes I know it was a small order but poor service and piss poor attitude is not appreciated. In the future, I may have to start taking my clients elsewhere to eat to avoid such negativity and laziness. What should've been a quick grab and go order took at least 20 mins. I'm no longer impressed juans.I've been to Juan's many times over the years and I don't know, it must be me, but i am not the biggest fan. I'm more into authentic Mexican, opposed to Juan's, which i describe as A-mex. To me, it seems like there isn't much flavor, or perhaps they try too hard with flavors I don't think go all that well together. 
I've learned to stay away from anything they have with mango in it. Don't get me wrong, I like mango, it just does not seem to work for me in any of their dishes. In fact, most of it seems 'watery' to me. I would give the food a two-star, they get a third because service has always been quite nice.
I like the outdoor seating option, that's always a plus. The jerk chicken nachos I've had once and they were okay, just those chips get hella soggy rather quickly. There's a lotta cheese and beans and other wet stuff piled on top so life expentency for crispy nachos is short-lived.
I'll probably be giving them a chance again during the next blue moon but I know I'll most likely be enjoying the cute servers more than the food, still a good place to get a margarita tho.Visited Juan's while walking around trying to find some creole food, really liked the sign. Once inside, Tina was a very attentive waitress, serving us drinks quickly and being very friendly. I enjoyed the Crawfish Queso, and appreciated the quality of the free chips and salsa we were given as well. The food and drinks were fairly inexpensive, the ambiance was good, though I wish the portions had been a bit bigger. Nice place!I am originally from Phoenix, Arizona and I often go to Juan's Flying Burrito to satisfy craving for Mexican food as well as submit to my inner fat kid. Obviously, the food is not the same as back in Arizona but if you are looking for a chill place with awesome food, great drink specials, and a pleasant staff then you have found the place.I am a big fan of Juan's and great variety on the menu and never disappointed with what I get.  Blackened redfish tacos and bacon and blue cheese quesadillas are great!Sassy Mexican food with tons of sauces. Large portions and we came hungry. Cool vibe and was great to just stop in and hang out while we waited for some friends to meet us at the nail salon. 
Enjoyed a margarita and a big tasty wet burrito. I would come back for sure. It was delicious and I loved all the creativity in the menu and decor.Update- Dinner 8/13:    Went for dinner with my brother who was in town for a day. Service was better than the last time I went, food was good too. However- the
 booth that I sat in (2nd from the window) smelled like rotting garbage. No joke. Something was under that table that had set-up shop and been there for a while. I asked my brother if he smelled it too and he had gotten a few wiffs. It was that smell that shows up when you haven't done dishes for a few days, and the garbage has piled up and your a/c is broken. I had to investigate. Surely they have swept under my table in the past 5 days (right?), and this is a restaurant, so everything needs to be  clean and sanitary. Yikes. I looked under the table and there she was laying still amongst the crumbs, dirt, spent napkins and poor service: a lone crawfish tail. This bad boy was vintage; at least 3 days old. Hot damn Juans! Do you not sweep under your tables at night? It was right there, it wasn't wedged away under something. It was there so long it began to rot. TO ROT. Disgusting. That's it Juans. The one time I go and the service isn't bullocks I find rotting food under my filthy table.
Oh. Change out your cocktail menus too! Jesus Christ, there's fucking mold growing in between the lamination and the paper!! Who runs this place?!This is a pretty decent burrito/taco joint with a great location for us Mid-City folk.  The gutter punk burrito and al pastor burrito are my favorites.  They are always consistent with the quality and amount of fillings.  We tend to order takeout more than eat in the restaurant, so I can't say much regarding the service other than they've never been slow on takeout orders.
There is nothing out of this world or spectacular about this place, but it can certainly fill the giant taco and burrito shaped void that moving out of Texas has permanently given me.saw the shrimp fajitas burrito on the menu and wanted to try that, but when the waitress came she said they were out of shrimp. she gave me a minute to look at the menu again. when she came back she gave us chips and salsa on the house (which I thought was a nice gesture) I decided to try  the chicken fajitas BURRITO and let me just say that I forgot that I even wanted the shrimp burrito it was sooooo good!
great atmosphere. very busy, but worth the wait.
wish they had food like this in Los Angeles....2 dollar Tecate all the time I mean really! The fish burrito was good too.Another awesome green goat with Happy on a Sunday afternoon.  Saints win. 20-12. Beautiful weather-Excellent food at a reasonable price. Service not bad but not really fast. Parking is a challenge during busy periodsI love Juan's!!! Yeah it sucks having to wait for a seat but that should say something about the place.  I've learned to go early for dinner. The service is usually great, once in awhile ill get irked by the surly hipster chick schtick but the food is so good I don't care. Plus most if the servers are pretty nice. I get the redfish tacos and they are delicious. I love the creamy cilantro sauce and I usually ask for a side of it bc it's so yummy. My husband loves the burritos and we always get the guac and chips. You get a free refill on these which is nice considering you have to pay for chips. It must be a New Orleans thing bc I've eaten at Mexican places all over this country and most don't charge for chips. Anyways parking here is very limited but I usually park on the street. 
I love the atmosphere and I appreciate the eclectic balance of music!!!I order take out food from here at least once a week(for about a year now) and enjoy it every time. It is consistent and has only been slightly messed up once(forgot to put slaw on the side). Other than that time portions are decent, quality seems to be there, and the phone service and pick up is efficient. Parking can get tight as they are always busy when I decide that I am hungry. Wife enjoys the margaritas as well.I hear this place might be better for happy hour, as it was an average experience for the price. We went for lunch on a Sunday afternoon.  2 out of 3 meals were pretty unimpressive (the super green burrito and yeh breakfast burrito).  The red chicken quesadilla was great...maybe stick to quesadillas at Jaun's.  My burrito came so haphazardly wrapped that I had to request a re-wrap, which they did.  I then was charged $.75 for a side of sour cream which was supposed to be free with my meal.  The plus side is that they automatically divided up our checks.
Service was surly from the get go at the hostess stand.  We didn't get a smile from one staff member.  I think this might be a New Orleans hospitality issue.  I would not come back here.Creole Taqueria?! Yes, please! My family discovered Juan's Flying Burrito while on vacation, and I can't wait to go back! We ate our dinner on the patio, while enjoying the sights and sounds of Mid-City. There isn't enough parking, but it's worth the walk to park down the street a block or so. Get the Queso & Chips!!this place is pretty good. i usually go with a burrito, but recently i decided to try something different. i chose the hawaii 5-0-4 nachos, and the chicken and goat cheese quesadilla.
the nachos blew me away. the portion size is ridiculous. this thing can feed a family of 4, easy. i had to put my quesadilla on the side while we chiseled away at the nachos. my friend and i filled up on the nachos and still have more than half of our quesadilla for lunch the next day. we also got to enjoy some beer at very reasonable prices.
the waitress was nice and was around if we ever needed her.
the wait was a bit long, but thats what happens when people enjoy the food and insist on coming back. 
overall, the experience was good and i would definitely recommend if your looking for a mexican inspired dinner.Here with Reggie & MoonPie.....
About to try the Flambeau... It's a cheesy, spicy, burrito.... I was informed that the Flambeau was not an option because they ran out--- No big deal, I'm a chef I know how it is some time. We got chips and queso (queso was a tad bit too salty) but still delicious.
 I like Juan's I really do. But this time go round the food wasn't up to par. Actually, in all honesty I haven't had the excitement on my pallet since that initial tasting on Cinco de Mayo 2007. Its unfortunate that my Al Pastor burrito was incredibly bland (I LOVED this burrito) and the rice was as mush overcooked and gummy. My companions on this outing were my goddaughter (she had the kids quesadilla) and my assistant Reggie (he had jerk chicken burrito) of course they liked the food, in the matter of my  goddaughter she's only 1. The Lemonade as always packed its punch and our server was kind and courteous.
Juan's is in the part of the city I grew up in and of course I will try it again. But too many more events like this last one and it will no longer be on my "MUST EAT" list.This is my happy place.
There is little bad in my world that an order of guacamole, some Mardi Gras Indian tacos, and a margarita can't fix. I'm pretty lucky.
4 stars, because service is all over the place. This is easily negated by the fact that the guacamole has free refills.Mmmm......just thinking about the Flying Burrito makes me want to run over to Juan's. Super tasty margaritas, amazing salsa verde & really reasonable prices. I go to Juan's WAY too often. I can't help it!Cadillac margarita was awesome!   Chips and guacamole was good too.  I ordered a vegan green burrito.  There were many peppers on it, way too many hot ones.  The burrito itself gets a one star.  Never again!  The margarita and guac made up for it though.  Always good service.  Parking is bad here too.I finally made it to Juan's. After hearing so much hype about this little place, I was determined to come here one day, especially with it being so close to my house. I'm gonna skip right to the basics because I really have nothing but good to say.
Wait: This place was packed for a weekday evening but why wouldn't it be? It's great. We put our names down and were quickly seated about 10-15 mins later.
Atmosphere: Awesome. Eye catching menus and art work posted all over the place. Loved the fact that they play 90's r&b hip hop while u eat. Very chill and laid back staff. 
Dranks: Two thumbs up. We missed the happy hour by about 3 mins but it's okay cause their drinks are reasonably priced ranging from about $6-$10. I ordered the tiger woods which is sweet tea infused vodka with lemonade and mint. Hubby ordered the frozen lemon berry which was delicioussssss.
Food: The most important part of this whole review lol. We split the jerk chicken nachos. Sooooooo stinkin good. Layers and layers of cheese, beans, avocado, some type of delicious infused sour cream, pineapple salsa and jerk chicken chunks. Highly satisfied after eating this. 
All in all I will definitely be returning to Juan's.After a quick shopping spree, we ended up here for some tex mex and margaritas. 
We ordered chips with salsa and guacamole and totally dug in while drinking strong margaritas. I had the jerk chicken burrito without beans and it was pretty tasty. It has a bit of a pepper kick to it but the cool, tangy taste of the margarita washed it away.  
I love the atmosphere of the place. Like you can just chill and drink during happy hour and just be rowdy with your friends. It's not the best tex mex place I've been to but it's filling and perfect after a crazy shopping afternoon.I've been to Juan's several times and have always been impressed with the service and food. So I was very disappointed when I brought my take out order home. The burrito was not even rolled and it was torn and falling apart as soon as I opened it. Food quality should be of the utmost importance regardless if a guest is dining in or carrying out. I will still go to Juan's but will not order anything to go again.Cheap, good food and great margaritas... What else do you need? Love trying out the specials but the normal menu is worth the trip.This is one of my local favorites. Excellent food! The margaritas are strong, so watch out!!  There is usually a wait, more often during rush hours. But it's worth the wait. Get a drink and hang out while waiting. Don't forget to check out the specials posted on various wall throughout the building. They change somewhat regularly and don't appear on the menu. To my knowledge the servers don't ever point them out. They assume that everyone is a regular and for the most part everyone is!! I probably went here 5 times before noticing it!!Good food, fun atmosphere. The Black and Gold burrito is tasty and filling. Kids enjoyed it too.Pretty good food for the price.  Tasty burritos and yummy nachos.  Huge portions and a huge selection of Burritos.  Definitely something for everyone and special request don't seem to be a big deal.  Waitstaff are nice enough for the hipster type.  There's a nice full bar, which features good specials.  Food arrives quickly and so far always as ordered.
It can get quite crowded during peak times and there aren't too many seats at the bar.  Or, any real space inside to wait for an open table.  There is outside seating.  The location is conveniently located and there's parking.  That's the only thing that makes this location more appealing than Juan's on Magazine.
The decor matches the ambience, loud.  Lots of red, and plenty of art work to look at on the walls.  Typical NOLA style, we're loud and proud.  I'll be back.I've eaten here way more than I can remember. I try a new burrito each time since I can't seem to find one that I absolutely love. But for whatever reason, it just doesn't do it for me. Their burritos that include steak are way too chewy that when you bite into the burrito the entire chunk of steak is hanging out your mouth! I do have to say that their guac is the best guac that I have ever tasted!!Holy crap!!  I can't even wait to finish eating my food before writing this review. In NOLA from Los Angeles for work, and felt like Mexican food. Driven by a few times and it looked popular and fun. Amazing food, especially for a veggie, and friendly service. Sweet potato in a quesadilla?  Genius!  Spicy/sweet. This food snob LOVES this place.This place never fails. Took a while to get the food but it's still good. They pay trap music too so if that's your thing, roll on through.its ok. Don't park on the street in front, you'll get ticketed. It certainly wasn't worth that. Spent too much time in Texas, and this didn't meet my craving.Absolutely delicious! Tried the pork and slaw tacos and the taco truck tacos. Wouldn't have anticipated coming to New Orleans for Mexican or Tex-mex but WOW. The meat is melt in your mouth and the spicy slaw on the pork tacos is to die for. Good cheap drinks. A little off the path of the normal touristy stuff but we stumbled upon this location by accident and would definitely go back. Must try!Can I do zero????  Service horrible!  Food - not very good - and when I tell the server the shrimp tastes SUPER fishy - not good - she says...... Are you ready for it...... Eye roll / so ok you're good for now and walks away! Then .... The food I ordered to go for my son ... she plops on the table w/ my check is unsealed & spilled over ....cheese & salsa oozing everywhere in the bag & when I say sorry but can you please make this clean? I get another eye roll & an actual grunt .... "SURE"....... Wtf?I've got to dock a star for this place because the parking is utterly atrocious, even by New Orleans standards.  They have a lot, sure, but it's got maybe 5 spaces in the day and 12 after the massage shop on the other side clo
The margaritas are cheap and delicious, 5 bucks for a single or 8 for a double. They are STRONG. I saw the bartender mixing them up and they basically upended the bottle over the glass til it was full.
The guacamole here is pretty solid, not as chunky as I would like but good nonetheless. Ended up getting the jerk chicken burrito and loved it. Food was served quickly with generous portions, drinks, chips and entrees for two came out to about 30 dollars with tip.
They also have Popstar Popsicles available which are wonderful. They were offering gingerbread and vietnamese coffee; ended up getting the gingerbread and it was delicious. A bit heavy though compared to what you're used to with commerical popsicles.Overpriced, lame atmosphere, overrated. 
The food isn't horrible but don't come in expecting to eat Mexican food, the margarita's were decent, my burrito was edible, but neither was in any way worth what I payed for. I was extremely dissatisfied with my experience especially considering how much hype this place gets. 
Oh and this may be a product of having wait a long time to order and then get my food, but I found myself increasingly disliking the atmosphere. 
Go to Guerrero down the street if Mexican food is what you are looking for. If you don't mind overspending a little their are actually some interesting looking items on the menu, that said, I really don't think this place is worth it.I've only been there once and just thought it was just okay. I will say our server was super nice and the service was pretty good. I'll have to go back another time or two and partake in more of the drink options. The Flying Burrito will definitely appease the biggest appetite.Every time I eat here, I get some sort of gastro-intestinal issue.  Food is usually adequate, and in every single one it smells like old public bathroom.Bad ass eclectic tacos, not traditional Mexican but delicious! Great margaritas!!! Fun crowd!!If you like tex mex this is the place for you.  Best fajitas, salads, and tacos I've ever had.  Just didn't like the enchiladas.  Please order and burrito or taco salad and knock your socks off.  Best home made salsa and guac ever.  Great mojitos and margaritas.  Bring your friends, don't mind waiting.  Get drunk and eat all night.  No one ever didn't like this place.  Why does every waiter and waitress and bar tender have tattoos? Not sure.  The tattoos must make the food taste good Bc it's working for them.I've sadly learned to expect mediocrity from New Orleans' Mexican (or Mexicanish) food scene, and Juan's is no exception. It's fine; it's not terrible, but it's certainly not memorable. Service is efficient and occasionally friendly, the decor is bright and cheerful, and the food is inoffensive. I did find a weird sweetness to some things, like the salsa and the black beans, that I didn't really understand. Generally, I prefer the Magazine Street location, with its shaded back patio and (in my experience) more cheerful service.Absolutely delicious burritos.  I would recommend Juan's to anyone.  But, if you want "real" Mexican food or Tex-Mex, this is not the place for you.  
Fairly nouveau in menu choices, and you could describe it as a california-style burrito (mango salsa is on the menu, and they have interesting combinations in their dishes.  Their food is New Orleans/ Mexican with a California flair - it's basically interesting and delicious.  I've found it to be consistent, but I only eat there when I'm passing through the neighborhood, so take that as you like.
I prefer to take-out from there because they tend to have heavy music playing loudly, but that does not always deter me.  Casual atmosphere, fairly artsy or college feel to the decorations.    
I get cravings for their burritos every once in a while.  The Jerk Chicken is my favorite - without sour cream to save on the calories (but I have to admit it's delicious with sour cream).  P.S., I go there for burritos - I have had one or two of their other dishes and wouldn't rave about them (although I've heard good things about some of the non-burritos specialties) - that's the reason that it's only 4 stars.  Stick to their namesake - the burrito - and you can't go wrong.Had the Al Pastor burrito as a suggestion from the waitress as I was torn between items. It was phenomenal. Plentiful ingredients well prepared. Tortilla grilled and rolled well. Pulled pork and pineapple salsa (among other burrito fillings). Server was awesome in helping me pick out a shirt. Very nice. 
The the bill comes. Shock- but not in that way. A huge burrito an a beer for 10 bucks!! Seriously?! How do you tip on that when you're used to the pricey French Town joints. 
Thanks. Will be back.Food was ok and service was decent but we had a lot of complications. My mom and I split the flying burrito only to find out the rice wasn't fully cooked and there wasn't any shrimp in it like we ordered. My friend @sweet d. Got the wrong order and they had to return it. The service was super fast thoughI am sure I'm in the minority here, but I just don't love Juan's. I want to love them, but I've always left feeling disappointed. While I don't like spicy food and lean towards more bland food, their food is almost too bland. I feel like it has no flavor whatsoever. I think I've tried the enchiladas, burritos, and nachos. I don't really want to try anything else. I can say that their queso is really good. I could come hang out for some chips and dip. 
The ambiance is cool and eclectic, and service is usually good. They also have a nice full bar. 
Maybe people like them for the drinks. I can't comment on that because I don't like margaritas (guess I'm in the minority on that, too).Ordered goat cheese quesadilla which was AMAZING. The guac is great but the red salsa is wayyyy to basic. The green salsa in the bottle is good. The chips were perfectly crunchy, fresh, and salty. The service was kind of weird. The girl looked like she hated her job.It is probably not fair that I rate this restaurant 3 stars because I have not eaten true Mexican fare here. Nor do I particularly like Mexican food.  I had the tuna juaha roll. It was good. The avocado had some brown spots. My husband and son enjoyed their meals - pork tacos and a regular burrito. The service was good.What a unique little gem!   I can say that I wasn't too excited about going to place called "Juans..." after just driving 9 hours from Austin (home of a million tex-mex places), BUT, I have to admit, I love it.
First, the decor was very unique and inviting. They have a small bar, outside patio, or inside seating to choose from.  The margaritas were great- beers were cheap- and the food was above par. 
I had the Jerk Shrimp Mango Salad, nearly enough for 2!  
This will definitely be a simple place I will frequent.I'm giving 4-stars solely on the food - which was AMAZING.  Plenty of vegetaria/vegan options, HUGE portions, lots of spice (I tend like to eat fire, so I was pleasantly surprised).  Surprisingly we didn't have any alcoholic drinks, but the margaritas did look enticing.
Service, meh.  We waited for awhile staring at a table, empty and clean in the front, and finally a server came to tell us they had a table in the back.  One of our party, a local, said she preferred to sit up front, to which the server said, "OK but you have to wait for a clean table".  I sat there staring at the empty booth, a little incredulous.  The server sat two people behind us, and then came up and said she didn't realize the table up front was clean (she only walked by it three times).  So, once we were seated, all the servers walked by us, and I figured it was because we did the "no no" of asking for a different table other than we were offered.  20 minutes later a server came by and said there was a "mixup" and the other server (the one who seated us), never told her we were in her section.  Okaaayyyy....(sarcasm)
So food-wise, I would go back - in a heartbeat.  I would; however be prepared to not have great service- in the chance I could be pleasantly surprised.I prefer the other location but this one is only for when one is in the city. The environment is extremely different from the one on Magazine. The food doesn't taste the same which is why I choose to go to the other location. 
I entered at ten minutes to closing time. I have worked in the restaurant business for over 14 years and I have managed fast food restaurants and casual dining restaurants for over 12 years. Therefore, I have an eye for anything that the normal eye would not notice. 
As mentioned before, I walked in ten minutes to closing time. I noticed the waitress, cook, and Manager roll their eyes and sighed as I approached the counter to order. 
I ordered my food to go and as the order was sent to the kitchen they all seemed to have a sigh of relief expression on their faces. I informed them that they all assumed that my order was going to interrupt them from their closing duties and they owe me an apology for the disappointed facial expressions they all gave me as I entered the restaurant. 
They all laughed and apologized. The cook stated that he assumed I was about to order a large meal to go. I guess he thought that because I'm fat 
I left the restaurant within two minutes after I ordered my queso and chips to go.  
Again, this is why I choose the Magazine location as a recommendation for first time guests.Great fresh food at a reasonable price! Looking for casual Mexican this is the place to go. The location was convenient after leaving Jazz Feast and the trolley on Canal was just steps away to take us back to condo in the quarter.I have a friend coming back into town after six months.  While we were planning our weekend her exact words were "but I'm gonna need to hit juans flying burrito like a boss!".  Proves my point!This is my go to restaurant. I've enjoyed their unique brand of Mexican cuisine for the last 12 odd years and consider myself the unofficial mayor if this particular location. I don't have it in writing, but the manager has all but sworn to me that he will bronze my stool once i pass away. No seriously. Can't miss here. Huge portions, great specials, dangerously strong margaritas. No, it's not authentic Mexican, and it doesn't make any claims to be. Creole taqueria. It's right there in the name. If you don't like the vibe there it's probably because your square. And not a hip square either. Straight L 7 bro. The crawfish boilrito is obviously the brainchild of a genius. The jerk chicken burrito was my first love. The beans rice and chips are practically named after me.Came in on a Tuesday so the $2 tacos had drawn quite a crowd.  Had to wait for about 15 minutes for a table and about 10 minutes to capture the attention of the bartender for a drink while waiting.
Started with chips and queso which I would highly recommend.  My dining partner for the evening, being a vegetarian, pointed out that they particularly enjoyed the amount of vegetarian options and that you could easily add on things from their menu.  I had the shrimp tacos and they were great.
This location is particularly small so I would definitely come back on a quieter evening or midday for lunch.