I was so disappointed tonight. I ordered garlic chicken,mandarin chicken and the green onion pancakes. When our order arrived the pancakes were soggy and mushy. The garlic chicken was good but they delivered us the curry chicken rather that the mandarin. When I called the restaurant to let them know they made a mistake the incredible rude woman tried convincing me that the curry chicken was mandarin. I even told her I didn't want them to redeliver, she went on and on telling me I didn't know what mandarin chicken was as that the curry chicken was mandarin.
I have been ordering from Jung's for years now and as of tonight this will be my last order. It would have been nice if there was some acknowledgement of the mistake rather than treating me as if I am a moron and be so condescending. I don't understand how such unkindness and lack of any responsibility toward your customers keeps people coming back. Thanks but no thanks.This is great Chinese food! It's a little pricey compared to more casual Chinese places, but well worth it. Seriously, the best Gen. Tsao's Chicken I've ever had, made with whole breasts fried in a light, crispy batter with a not too sweet, complex sauce. The sesame noodle appetizer is awesome as are the green onion pancakes. The crab rangoon is also excellent. Service is very friendly, & our server even made suggestions for us. This is now my go-to Chinese place in the city.The food was expensive and by far the worst food I've ever had. I will never eat there again and warn anyone traveling to the area to stay away.The traditional menu is extraordinary. This is a fun place to dine with children, as well. My boyfriend and I went with his three boys and it was such a delight being there with them. Tonight I went with my lbrother who studies kung fu and he taught me how to order and eat family style. We got sesame noodles with cucumber from the yellow menu, we got buns (I think that is what they are called--they were dumplings served over steamed lettuce in a woven basket), and he got the szechuan eggplant..And then they let me order something that used to be on their menu which was the grilled fish. The grilled fish was so delicately battered and elegantly flavored. Then for special occasions sometimes I like to order the Mai Tai which comes in a beautiful green glass with an umbrella. The fortune cookies have thoughtful, interesting messages, as well. I have spoken to the owner and she has told me interesting stories of her life and her family's life. This restaurant is a beautiful treasure in our city and definitely one of my favorite places to go to dinner. I am thankful for their food and the kindness of their servers.yummy not sure who general tso but his chicken is remarkable!  will have this place on speed dial. super goodWhile I've never actually gone into the physical location, I've ordered it plenty of times when I'm too lazy to leave my house.  The delivery is always really prompt and the food is good.  There's one thing on the menu that I always accidentally order that is good but not my favorite and I wish I could remember so I don't make that mistake again but when I get my order right it's a good day to be had while vegetating at my house watching tv.  I also need to make sure I only order what I can eat because my fridge always ends up smelling like the food for days.  In other words, the portions are nicely sized.The quality of food the was excellent. The fried rice is awesome. The lunch portions are worth the price. It is worth a trip from Kenner.So i've been in NYC for a couple weeks and one thing they have over us is Chinese food. Hands down. But what i love most about the Chinese up in the city is there are true soup dumplings which after my last visit, i had to find soup dumplings in NOLA, but to no avail. 
I am determined, still. 
Ordered the steamed dumplings which were really good with the sauce that's given, it's real tangy n sweet with a bit of a kick, not bad. 
For my entree i got the sweet n sour crispy fish which was hardly crispy.  Maybe because i ordered takeout.  Anyways the fish were soaking in a pool of sauce and they quickly became soggy.
Overall the food was okay, the workers were very nice also!Juang's Golden Dragon is the best Chinese food in the area PERIOD. Consistently delcicous and a quaint atmosphere with friendly service ads to the overall experience, but the food is why you should venture down Magazine street and look for the multi-colored glowing dragon. They are open later than most places in the area and can always walk in towards the end of the night and get a table.
The real beauty in Juang's is found in their daily specials and the Chinese menu.  I don't want to let a cat out of the bag but ask for the Chinese menu when you sit down and don't be scared to go outside the box with ordering. I have tried something new each time and come away very satisfied. 
Recently I tried the Spicy Chicken & Peppers and it blew my sox off! There was so much heat and so much taste in one bite that I felt as if the Golden Dragon was breathing sweet juicy fire down my throat and I couldn't get enough of it. It was a good heat too, didn't linger too long, but let you know it was there.
If you are looking for authentic Chinese food and not your regular fried rice and general tso's (which they offer, but I have never tried) then definitely hit up the Golden Dragon !Order from the Chinese menu--the Szechuan dishes are amazing.  This place is nothing like the two previous restaurants that occupied the space and is by far the best Chinese restaurant in the city.  Eat here.  Right now.  Then get delivery.   Get it?When we were walking along Magazine Street, we ate dinner here. Based on this dinner, I give this restaurant a good rating. The won ton soup is outstanding. I enjoyed the combination plate serving of shrimp fried rice with  sweet and sour shrimp.
   I would have liked to have seen popular entries such as lo mein, chow mein, and shrimp with lobster sauce offered in the combination dishes. But like I wrote, I was happy with what I ordered.
  The waitress was attentive and friendly.
   As far as the restaurant environment, it is casual. 
   As far as returning, I most likely would if I lived 2,100 miles closer.Ordered Sweet and sour chicken, got it home: A fried chicken plank cut into squares, expensive too, 11.00 for a basic meal that 6.00 at any other cheap Chinese joint.Very few experiences compel me to come right home and immediately write a review. Congrats goes to Jung's for being so bad..
We came in for a late lunch on a Sunday. I was pleased by the tofu options on the menu, and we were ready to enjoy a nice meal (I assumed as much, since the place had 4 stars on yelp...) Anyway, the decor is nice, except the bathroom was gross, and our silverware was greasy.
We ordered our drinks after sitting there for 5 minutes. Husband got a mai tai, which he said was very good. Friend and I got diet cokes, which were from bottles, so no refills. Another person came to take our food orders. She couldn't understand my questions, but was fast and polite. We waited about 20 minutes, before my food came out. Just mine, and without the brown rice I asked for.... I got the "tofu family style", which was pretty boring. I waited a few minutes as not to be rude, but had to start eating because it was getting cold. Husband's food comes out 10 minutes later... His was a mess. Giant squares of tofu that were too large for chopsticks. The sauce was really good, but veggies could have been added for variety. My friend actually had to ask where her food was, because she waited ANOTHER 15 minutes (at least) for a simple dish- pork fried rice. Her food came out, and she said it was just OK..
So, here's my breakdown: food is mediocre at best, service is bad (I am very tolerant and usually don't complain, but this was ridiculous), and the prices were a little high. I would avoid this place!A waiter at Luke's recommended this place.  He told me that if I was looking for Chinese food in New Orleans, that the only place to look at was Jung's Golden Dragon.  The waiter also recommended that we order from the Chinese menu (not the American menu).  I ordered from the Chinese menu and I dont regret it.
The decoration of the place is very nice, and what I saw of the place looked very clean and new.
As soon as we were seated, we couldnt wait for our food to arrive because the food at the table next to ours looked fabulous.  We ordered five separate dishes.  Once our food arrived, we shared with each other and the food was great.
For appetizer I ordered the fried dumplings and they were delicious.  My friends enjoyed them too; the serving included 10 dumplings.
I ordered the Mongolian Beef, and it was delicious.  It was a spicy dish, but not overpowering.  There was plenty of beef in the dish with onions and a delicious sauce with flavor that I dont have words to describe.  The dish was served with steamed rice.
My friends ordered a couple of chicken dishes that looked and tasted great.  Another friend ordered a Beef Shanks w/tendon dish that turned out to be delicious but it had a lot of tendon.  From what I hear, Chinese people love tendon.  My friend mentioned it to the owner and the owner had his dish recooked in a few minutes with way more beef than tendons.  The chuncks of meat were tender and delicious.
For all dishes, the size of the portions were generous, therefore we left there more than satisfied.  This was definitively the best Chinese food I have had in New Orleans. 
I will definitively return to this place.  I am not giving it 5 stars because I save the five stars for a fine dinning type restaurant.Food was great, but the baby roaches we found crawling around the dining room after we finished will ensure we wont be back. No telling what its like in the kitchen. An extermination is in order.I love this place. It offers very traditional Chinese food if you ask for their Chinese menu. Nice and friendly staff.I'm in NOLA a lot as my in-Laws live here, and while I LOVE the native cuisine here, after a while it's nice to have a bit more variety and I get a hankering for some good Chinese food.  Having sampled a few of the Chinese restaurants in NO in an attempt to find decent authentic food, I had started to feel rather hopeless.  Until I went Jung's.  I had skipped over it for a while due to the low rating on Yelp, but decided to give it a chance when I saw that they have a separate authentic menu.  
I had the seafood soup, the mala fish and the shanghai dumplings: The soup had cucumbers and bok choy (I was relieved to see that there was no broccoli in it.  Broccoli is NOT authentic!) as well as small bits of seafood (do NOT expect a lot of seafood as you would in a gumbo).  The broth was very nice and delicately seasoned.  The soup comes in a large bowl meant to be shared between 3-4 people, or could be a large soup for one.  
The mala fish (ma la as in Szechuan pepper) was had both Szechuan and red peppers in it, making for a nice mix of spicy and numbing.  My only complaint is that it was slightly on the salty side for me, but it didn't leave me feeling like I needed to guzzle water like I feel after eating at some Chinese-American places.  It was a huge portion that easily serves 4.  
The Shanghai dumplings were alas not as good, but REAL shanghai soup dumplings are very difficult to make right.  You could tell that they were homemade, and were served in a bamboo steamer.  I'd say they were ok.  But the skin of the dumpling was a bit on the thicker side, and the inside was not soupy like it should be.
Overall, I'd say that the food here was head and shoulders above other restaurants that I've sampled in the area in terms of being both tasty and authentic.  I chatted with the owner for a bit, and she told me that they import a number of ingredients straight from China, and get Asian produce from Houston or Atlanta--so they really make an great effort to use authentic ingredients -- instead of just throwing broccoli in everything (nothing against broccoli in of itself, it's just NOT authentic).  
Reading through reviews here, it seems that quite a few of the bad reviews are related to the service.  I thought the owners were perfectly nice and friendly.  You can tell that the wait staff are more recent immigrants though, and don't speak great English.  Also I'm pretty sure the owners are from Northern China, and like northerners in the US, tend to be a bit more brusque compared to southerners.  If you want good authentic food, sometimes it just goes with the territory.We actually walked in actually 5 minutes before the restaurant opened. But they let us go ahead amd sit down. That's nice because it was rainy outdoors. The meal, service etc... was flawless. The owner even chatted with us about China, the culture and food practices. If i had any complaint it was the tea was not very warm. The sauteed duck was great as was the beef shank hot pot.Let me start by saying I have ordered here several times before and the food is decent.  
Today, I had a bad cold and wanted hot and sour soup and orange juice.  I ordered extra stuff figuring I would be in bed sick for a few days.  I ordered online and received confirmation that my order would be delivered by 4:41pm.  (a little less than an hour later)  When I didn't receive my normal courtesy call, I called to make sure my order was on the way.  They didn't have the order, so I repeated it on the phone.  
Online order total was $35.46, over the phone $36.19..not the biggest deal.
When my delivery arrived, there was no orange juice...not the biggest deal
The kid didn't handle it correctly,long story short, he was not accomodating, so I took $2 back from his tip.  
I called and told the lady I didn't get my OJ and the kid wouldn't let me keep the receipt
Another hour passes.  No OJ.  The lady told me that the driver told her I took my money back for the juice.  I told her that was from his tip because he was arguing with me.  I had to show him on the receipt where I was charged.
It is now 8:00 and I was told he was on the way with my juice.  
I have been waiting over 4 hours now with no apology and no juice and $40 worth of chinese food.
I understand mistakes happen, but how you fix them can make a big difference.
Orange juice arrived in a fountain drink cup melted ice!!!  After all that, I am not taking the chance of that driver spitting in my oj.  Who the heck serves OJ over ice for delivery?
UGHHWe were told about this Asian jewel a few days ago.  Now, I can't stay away from this place.  This is as real as it gets in Chinese food in New Orleans.  I am trying to go through the menu and try something different per visit, so tonight I tried the beef with broccoli, it was delicious, but my favorite still remains the Mongolian Beef.  I also had a cup of egg drop soup and a couple of crispy spring rolls.  The soup was great, a little thick and full of flavor.     
Next time I have me eye on the sesame chicken or schezuan chicked (dont know yet).Service was okay. Food came out at strange times and wasn't very flavorful. Better Chinese options in the area.I have eaten many times at Jung's at her location in Metairie as well as on Magazine.  My favorite is the Chicken with Broccoli, their hot and sour soup, shrimp toast.  You can ask them to kick it up a notch if you want your dish a little spicer.  The proprietor is very friendly and interesting to converse  with.  Highly recommend.  It's not your pop Chinese buffet food but "real" Chinese cuisine...Is there less than one star? This restaurant was awful. The servers were pleasant but amazingly slow. The food was less than subpar. The ma po tofu was bland. Even the rice was old and coagulated. My husbands mandarin chicken was slathered in a tasteless brownish green gunk, tasting slightly with hopes of curry. The crab rangoons were disgustingly sweet. Even the fortune cookies were stale. I have never waited so long in a Chinese restaurant with just one other table for terrible food. Was looking forward to finding a new Chinese restaurant but this is definitely not it. Three words, don't do it!I was really enjoying my wonton soup until I discovered a large bug floating in it. It was a pickup order placed thru UberEats but the staff at the restaurant did not make much of an effort to make the situation right.I ordered via yelp. Ordering was easy. Food was ready on time.and best lo main I ever had. Also the chicken with broccoli was perfect.
I will dine in next time.Legit sezchuan food..hard to come by in New Orleans. Love the mao po tofuDecent...but not great. Ate a lot of chinese food back when i lived in SoCal so my standards may be a bit high. The food here was pretty average. We ordered the whole peking duck. Menu says it comes with steamed buns but we got the crepes that's normally eaten with mushu pork. Lo mein was a bit greasy and the szechuan chicken didn't have much heat to it. The pan fried dumplings came out all attached to a thin film of 'dough'?...never seen it made like that before and I've eaten plenty of dumplings before. Service was great though.Pretty Solid.  I was tired of the ol' scene in the french quarter and came here.  I wanted to stay away from fried anything...
I think hands down their grand marnier shrimp was the best variation of honey walnut shrimp I've ever had.
They used pecans instead of walnut.  The prawns were chubby and juicy.  With a sweet honey butter taste.  Popped in the mouth.  pretty delicious.
The mandarin chicken wasn't so impressive.
Value for dollar I was pretty happy. Lunch special was about 8 bucks...  our server was friendly and spoke english.  
I hope i get to return soon....I ordered 2 drinks, while looking at my menu. The menu was wet, and gross to the touch.  The smell of the place made me wonder about the quality of good. I paid for my 2 drinks. I asked for a to go cuo, as I was leaving realized how awful my drink was. I didn't go back, because I didn't want to deal with it. I highly recommend you pass this by for some better places down the street.It took a while to write this review due to a work situation. Now that I'm free, I can be honest about the experience.
I had tried the food from Jungs when it was in Metairie and owned by the current owner's family. It was so bad, I walked out. Greasy and nasty and I could NOT even compare it to other Chinese dishes I'd had because it was all grease. 
I had a meeting only an hour after my work and this was close to where I had to be.
The interior is fine. No complaints. The server was ok; nothing wrong there.
The only problem I had was the food. The egg drop soup starter was THICK and congealed. It was almost flavorless and jello-like. 
I ordered the intestines. Now I've eaten these all over and I generally like them. These were not good. Instead of a stir fried with proper XO sauce,   these were cooked with cucumbers which gave the entire dish a really sickly flavor. 
I've ordered this exact dish several times and the entire dish never tasted like cucumbers before. It, like the soup, had a gelatinous texture and actually made me gag.  
The waiter tried to convince me it was because I wasn't Asian so couldn't handle the intestines. He backed up once I explained I have eaten it over 100 times.
The crispy onion pancake was the best dish but it was a bit hard and crumbly, not a texture I really enjoyed. Tried sticking it in the soup to soften it up but no joy for the fat man this meal.
I would suggest this place to people on a diet who still want to go out but not eat.As suggested by others on Yelp, we ordered from the yellow "authentic Chinese" menu, and we're not disappointed. The Ma Po Tofu and the Sautéed Chicken with peppers were spicy and properly tingly. So far, the best Chinese food I've had in New Orleans to date. The service was attentive; the restaurant itself clean and comfortable.The food is good, especially by New Orleans standards where Chinese food is pretty terrible and there isn't much Szechuan. But the woman who works the dining room is rude and inappropriate. So, won't be going back because of her.Please invest in better take out boxes. By the time I got home the take out box had spilt on the bottom. Over all the food was full of soy sauce. Dumplings had no flavor at all. 
Turn on your dam A/C..... 
Won't be back, thought the lady was rude.I finally went into this place.   So many things on the menu's I couldn't decide.    Prices are great.  Waitstaff was great, and you can actually get pretty adventurous in here.    I had vermicelli noodles with pork / spicy.    REALLY great and hot.   no cold can touch me now.   We had the onion pancake as well, and my sister had Lo Mein.
I remove a star because of the cramped space.   I remove another star for allowing a young couple to play a video game on their phone ON LOUD.      Please.      that pretty much ruined my meal.   I watched two tables get up and move away from these two.   OBNOXIOUS as all get out.   Please Waitstaff, curb this kind of attitude.    As we left I could see people lined up to come in, and the place is small.  everyone currently there had moved up front.    The food is good, the other tables near us all complained like I did.   I even said "What is that sound?  A video game?  All the other tables near me said YES / those folks.     And they continued to play the game.    so annoying.   I came close to ruining their dinner with a comment, then decided not to.   However, I will come back cause the food was good, and if this behavior is there again, I will ask the waitress to tell them to mute that game or I won't order.    
then I will actually ruin their meal.   There is no excuse for this kind of behavior.     selfish.Finally, real Chinese food in New Orleans!
The dishes on their Chinese menu are simply amazing:
http://restaurant.chineseonlineorder.com/Jungsgoldendragonneworleans/?form=category&cid=26774
My favorite, by far, has to be the "Boiled Beef with Szechuan Hot  Pepper Oil". Very flavorful, and plenty of heat.
My wife loves their "Honey Pecan Shrimp".
Now, if only we can convince them to start serving Dim Sum ;-).The people working there were friendly, the food however, was not good.  On a Wednesday night there was not one patron in the restaurant, I told my wife that this was not a good sign but she wanted to try it regardless.  The garlic chicken was sweet and the Hot and Sour soup had a strong soy sauce flavor.  Living in So. Cal., I have had good Chinese food and this place is not even close to the bad places at home.The more places I find that will deliver to my ghetto, I mean neighborhood, the happier camper I am. I was feeling like crap with a cold a few weeks ago and all I wanted was some warm comfort food that I barely had to leave the couch to get. Thankfully Jung's Golden Dragon II on Magazine was willing to help me achieve that goal. The ordering process was a little touch and go since it seemed to go through several rounds of translation, but in about 35 minutes a representative showed up with my Crab Rangoon, Wonton Soup, and Shrimp Fried Rice. (Yes, apparently I should not be reviewing a "Chinese" restaurant - so you should stop reading now) The soup was different than the usual salty mess I'm used to, with lots of ginger and lemon that my cold-ridden body thanked. I spent more money than I normally would for Chinese, as they tack on a small delivery charge, but sometimes you just can't get out of your PJs. So thank you Golden Dragon II for helping me in my time of need.Ordered pick-up from Jung's the other night, and when I got home with my coveted dishes I was a little peeved.  I ordered the Ma Po Tofu, and the boyfriend had Chicken w/ Snow Peas (both of which come with white rice), plus we shared an order of Veggie Rolls.  The Veggie Rolls were about half the size of normal egg rolls, but twice the price.  Neither of our to-go containers was filled; they were both only about half full (for $10 a dish, I expect some FOOD), and on top of that, they only gave us one small container of white rice to share.  Since the Ma Po Tofu is more like a stew in consistency, I was lucky that the boyfriend didn't want too much rice for his dish.  Overall, it was disappointing.  The food quality is great - everything has great flavor and is obviously made well.  However, for the price, it's not the place to go for what one typically expects out of Chinese takeout.  Guess I'll be making the trip Uptown for some China Orchid from now on...Jung's is awesome! Easily the best Chinese in New Orleans. The Orange Chicken is crispy, spicy, and sweet with little pieces of cooked down orange rind. I can't believe a reviewer knocked their crab rangoon! They are bigger, fresher, and creamier than any rangoon I've ever come across. I've had solid service every time I've been there (at least 10 times). 
Yes, you do pay a bit more, but I decided a long time ago that, for Jung's, the money is always worth it. Plus, for 2 people, an appetizer and an entree is more than enough. Jung's Golden Dragon is not to be missed!Delicious chicken and broccoli and pretty good crab rangoons! Dumplings were delicious as well.Basically this food was god awful and I was hungover at the time. A piece of toast with butter would have tasted like a delicacy.
Ordered chicken fried rice, won ton soup, and vegetable egg rolls. The won ton soup was good. 
Worst chicken fried rice I've had in my life. I had about four bites just for the sustenance. It was literally only rice and chicken. And the chicken was scarce and scrappy. I've never had chicken fried rice that doesn't also include at least peas and carrots. But even still, the rice and chicken were disgusting. I asked for light oil. That request was ignored and in spite of that the dish still had no flavor. The vegetable rolls are about pinky-finger sized. They look and taste like the frozen food aisle variety.Found this little gem after reading other reviews. It did not disappoint any of the times we have gone. Jung and her staff make you feel at home and this is authentic Chinese Dishes. 
Try the pan fried dumplings. It is presented different and they are very good. 
We don't mind taking the drive for this oneI like the food, but it's not really a place to "dine." August moon is more for delivery and pick-up. I've always enjoyed the food though.Three of us stopped by for a bubble tea, which is supposed to cost 6 USD each. I got a credit charge of 26 USD. The owner just claimed that I put 20 USD tip. Insane...First and only time. Once was more than enough. Two words describe jungs... Food and Poisoning. Sick like dog in four hours of this meal. Do not do it!6.5.13 I am still eating my food, Shrimp w/Veggies = 4, Veggies & sauce= 8, shrimp taste & smell weird. The fried rice is a total 3, dark brown color + cheap corner store taste. I got food for me & my boss. His treat, well we're eating my left overs now. They taste like 10, but we had a taste for chinese... I'll go somewhere else next time. Too bad, very nice staffI know I should have just got the Mapo tofu instead.
This was my first time at Jung's and I decided to order the spicy Korean noodles. I haven't had that dish in quite some time so I figured I'd try it.
Well, it came out way too fast for it to have been made fresh. Thankfully the broth and the noodles were OK. The meat and the seafood, however, were bland and/or strange in texture. I'm sure most of the parts were frozen. I should have known better and ordered something that people commonly order.
But three stars because I got an OK meal.I've been to Jung's several times and have always walked out fat and happy. I was there for lunch recently and decided to try their famous dumplings. I ordered pan fried with my lunch entrée. It took a while for them to come out of the kitchen but when they arrived I knew I was in for a treat! They were hands down the absolute best dumplings I've ever eaten (and I've eaten my fair share). Period! Ms Jung was very pleasant and engaging as usual. She told me they brought their chef straight from China and does he ever know what he's doing. I will be back for sure!Horrible! Run don't walk! Nasty milky gross food. We sent our dishes back immediately. The owner was as nasty as the "dishes"I don't want to be negative but...this is going to be a critical review, so there it is. We picked up a take out order to eat and watch a game. That is not too much to ask for a Monday night. We got the order and got home. First thing: they forgot the crab  Rangoon. Ok, so I call and they say it can be sent with a delivery guy. Perfect! Now onto the rest of the meal. The dinner I can't speak to because all I had was the soup. Egg drop: way too salty. No green onions! The side of fried rice was a grease slop of rice and 2 chunks of white onion. Literally nothing green or any egg. A few small questionable shrimp  mixed in. The Rangoon was delivered, and was cold. I would have liked to have that to balance out the salty soup, but all I had was the little wonton crisps instead, and they were assuredly stale. The Rangoon filler did seem like it would have been tasty, if it were hot. All in all, I regret eating this meal.Ahoy!! Californians in Lousiana, I see you! You are not alone, especially if you're craving Chinese food in a sea of Southern eateries!
Yelp got me the only Asian food eating experience I had in New Orleans so I told myself when I got back, I'd vouch for the place as 1) a Chinese person and 2) a Chinese person with extensive experience eating Chinese food.
I was wandering around Magazine St., blindly guiding my family to what would be our lunch destination. New American and Plain American was kinda meh at that point. So when we saw this random Chinese restaurant with fluorescent lit dragons and gold painted doors, we felt hopeful but skeptical at the same time. This wasn't exactly the San Gabriel Valley.
Despite the man heavy smoking outside, we went in and our unease was met with equal skepticism. The owner was probably surprised to see a large Asian family appear out of nowhere. She warmed up to us the instant she realized we could speak Chinese, suggesting dishes left and right. 
The food was great! Nevermind it was in the middle of New Orleans, they did their thing with the xiao long bao and the stir fry veggies and the kung pao shrimp. After two weeks of not having ANY Asian food, let me tell you this place hit the spot.
Their decor is refreshing, very wooden and earthy with a pleasant view of the street. Everything is clean and service is extremely hospitable and quick. Loved the experience!I ordered takeout and was happy to see it was ready when I arrived. The happiness ended there. They won't accept Restaurant.com  gift certificates for takeout. Oh well, I thought.
I got home in 2 minutes and discovered the rice was cold. The curry chicken was warm, both temperature and spice, but not hot. It was very bland and disappointing. Egg rolls to the rescue? No way...greasy and actually tasted like butter.
The Restaurant.com gift certificates are in the trash. I won't be back.Got sick of deep fried food after two days, I was deeply craving for some authentic Chinese food. With yelp's help, we found this restaurant and got the CHINESE menu based on one of the reviews. Surprisingly, the food was really good. We came from sf bay area so we can judge very well whether it is authentic or not. It is comparable to decent Chinese restaurants in sf bay area. Pleasantly surprised! Make sure you have the Chinese menu and ask them to make the food Chinese way. We made them redo one dish because they accidentally made it American way. You won't be disappointed. The price is a little high compare to sf, but not outrageous. Overall a good place to go if you want to have good Chinese food in new Orleans.This place isnt great but certainly not the worst. Just decent. I might have to go back a few more times to try other dishes. 
What we did try:
Crab Rangoon; it was okay...tasted like what you get in a buffet. I really wished it was just like China Doll's crab rangoon.. woulda save me alot of trips to the westbank. 
Boneless Chicken was nice and cripsy. Light batter, which I liked.. The stir fry veggies are good and sauce was just right. Not too bland nor salty. Great choice. 
Shrimp Fried Rice: Decent, liked it better then Five Happiness fried rice. 
Madarin Chicken: I didn't like the sauce. It was too overpowering with anese seed spice. 
Service: Average, it was hard to understand what they were saying. But they were very nice and polite. 
Atmosphere: Looks like you walked into little China Town, wouldn't even think this place sits on Magazine St. The place isn't too small, but I think their seating is wrong. It makes it feel a little cramped. 
Five Happiness is alot closer to where I am at. But this place isnt too  bad. There's also dim sum on their menu! I'm gonna have to try this next trip.Delicious and they delivered right to my hotel. The portions are gigantic and fresh and they seem to use fresh, good quality ingredients (no rubbery chicken!) Good option when the weather wasn't great for walking around.I've watched the last few Asian restaurants in this location flounder and fail, but I have faith that Jung's will avoid that pitfall. 
I finally ate there about two weeks ago. And I went again last night. I ate tofu and vegetable dishes both times, and was mightly pleased. The veges are all fresh and delicious; the tofu is clearly fresh and seriously some of the best restaurant tofu I've had. (And I've had lots.) I'd recommend the tofu/vege hot pot over the home style, but they're both quite tasty. The homestyle sauce is just a little sweeter.
The boyfirend has had pork and chicken dishes, and was pleased with both. 
When they have fresh dumplings, try them. MMMMMM.....
The cold noodle salad is HUGE, and can easily be a shared appetizer. 
The vegetable rolls were a step up from most, but were as expected (not a bad thing). 
My first visit, the fortune cookies were stale; this time they were not. And I know this has nothing to do with Jung's, but WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO THE FORTUNES? I want a real fortune, not some lame ass advice. Anyway. Again, that's not Jung's fault. But it still pisses me off. You know, in general.
Ambiance: fine. It could never be anything but an Asian restaurant of some sort, but that's cool. 
EAT HERE. Support this lovely family and their yummy food.Worst bubble tea ever. I paid for it. Took a sip. Left it on the counter. Made with powder. Nothing fresh.Our waitress was very kind and patient with us ordering. Always ready to get a refill or answer a question about the menu.Delivery is always quick and the food is usually consistent ; Sometimes certain dishes are over salted tho!I love this chinese food place. It is our go-to delivery. Hefty portions, and I love that their chicken is all white meat and not dry at all. Yum!Ok, so I've officially decided that the only good food in NOLA, is NOLA food.  If you want anything good that's outside of traditional NOLA fare, good luck!  I've been looking for a decent chinese restaurant now for a year... and still looking.  Reluctantly I tried Jung's, since i had a craving for the easiest item on the menu, sweet and sour chicken.  At any rate, at least the chicken didn't look like cats, its more like cut up chicken fingers so not breaded all the way around.  They serve sauce on the side, which I appreciate in a delivery situation, but i didn't have enough red sauce to cover my chicken.  I'm convinced that the sauce was for my cabbage, I mean vegetable spring roll.  Further, the sauce has black specks floating in it... It looks dirty. So I am i sitting waiting on new, clean, red sauce... 60 mins later.
I started my review with 2 stars, but upping it to 3 because it's edible, now the sauce is clean and there's enough for my food, and the delivery man was super nice both times!
All in all, subpar as per usual in nola, but better than August Moon and Green Tea.  
Wait, the sauce still has black specs... but because I am famished, I will pray over it, eat it, and hope i don't die.Now I have to say. I am not a huge fan of Chinese food... and all my friends know this. But the Hunan Shrimp was the bomb.Couldn't have been more disappointed.  The one star is because their delivery was super fast.  However, the food was not good at all.  Very greasy vegetable rolls.  The fried rice and lo mein didn't taste at all how Chinese food should taste.  Just greasy and weird.  We threw most of it away and what little bit we did eat made our stomachs queasy later that night.  Oh, and far overpriced for the portion sizes....but again, the food was just awful!  I would not recommend this place AT ALL!All the Chinese restaurants in New Orleans need to close for the summer and go train with Chinese restaurants in Brighton and Jamaica Plain - Boston, so they will get it right. As advised by other reviewers, my selections came from the authentic menu. Boring. What kind of Chinese restaurant doesn't even include a fortune cookie? They get one extra star because the delivery guy was pleasant.I went here with a friend not expecting much and boy was I surprised. This is not your average Chinese restaurant! Ask for the Chinese menu (they have 2 menus)and order the steamed dumplings, beef with mango (amazingly
tasty) the Ma Bo tofu is out of this world also. Probably the best I've had outside of china town in Ny. I'll be back for sure.Let me start off by saying, THE FOOD IS GOOD.
I always love the food. The authentic traditional Chinese food is great. I love the Ma Po Tofu.
The service on the other hand is horrendous and is the reason I will never return.
The owner is the main problem. I'm a regular customer, but that will stop.
I purchased a "coupon" from AmazonLocal (40$ for 20$). When she found out that we wanted to use it, she started berating us. She also made the portion sizes much much smaller, almost appetizer sized. She said the fact that she didn't make much money on the Groupons and Amazon deals pissed her off. 
In reality, she signed up for those deals, and she didn't have to participate in it. There's no reason to be pissed. 
She kept stopping by our table and mentioning how the Amazon deal was a pain to her. I couldn't believe she modified the portion sizes. As I eat here regularly, it was immediately evident.Jungs Golden Dragon is a very pleasing Chinese restaurant.  You can't miss the shiny gold dragon on the storefront on Magazine street.  Have only tried dine-in, though they do carry out and delivery.  Very satisfying music and decor, prompt and detailed service, and giant portions of steamy hot food.  One entree is enough for two.  Had a exceedingly giant craving for Chinese food - Golden Dragon satisfied it, with leftovers to go.  We tried the curry noodles and sweet, sour, spicy tofu.  Both delicious - impossible to choose a favorite.Very disturbing experience.  This happened in late 2012.
I ordered takeout a while back and when I arrived to pick up the order I was given a stapled bag with my items.  Because the bag was stapled I could not easily verify the contents and so I asked the cashier if this was actually my order and she said yes.
When I got home, it was not my order.  Regardless, I had company over and was not willing to go back out, so I served my guests the food I had.  To be fair, there was an entree more than what I had ordered, so I did end up with about $10 more food than what  I had ordered, although it was not what I wanted.  When I looked at my phone, I saw there were a few missed calls, and my voicemail was from Jung's saying to call back so their driver could deliver the correct food.  I was very happy with this and called back.  The cashier said that their driver would be at my house very soon.
10 minutes later the driver arrived.  I opened the door and took the bag from him . He said, "wait, wait, you need to give me the other food back."  I said that my guests were already eating the other food and asked what good the other food would do for the restaurant at this point.  The driver said to give him back the bag that I had just taken from him and that I could not have both for the price of one.  I told him that this was his company's mistake, not mine, and that I did nothing wrong.  He told me again to give him back the food and I closed the door and told him to leave.
10 minutes later I got a call from the restaurant.  A lady told me that her driver reported that I was unwilling to give back the wrong order.  I told her that my guests had already begun to eat that food.  She said that she was sending her driver over again because, and I quote, "WE ARE GOING TO DELIVER THAT ORDER TO ANOTHER CUSTOMER WHO IS STILL WAITING."  I was SHOCKED and disgusted.  I asked her if she would like me to call the health department to report that she intended to give food that had been in one person's private home to another person and she hung up on me.
She was probably lying to get me to give back the food, but the fact that she would not see a health problem with this when we aren't even supposed to use the same plate twice at a buffet is beyond disturbing for a restaurant that is as frequently crowded as Jung's Golden Dragon.
Eat at your own risk.So disappointed! I wanted to love you Jungs, I really did, I thought you would restore my faith in Chinese food! I just dont know if I can give this relationship another chance, I feel so betrayed! 
I ordered delivery. Immediately I was confused when my two $8.95 dishes came to a total of $23-something. I was told it was taxes and delivery fees. I was even more disappointed when the portions seemed smaller than the same order last visit to the restaurant. Then the disappointment in the taste was the third strike. Everything just tasted super greasy with a real distinct plastic/chemical after taste. I'm not sure if this is from the Styrofoam containers the food is delivered in, but it made the meal pretty much inedible (is that a word?). Even my fortune cookie was stale, how am I supposed to know what my future holds if I cannot even eat the fortune cookie? If I try Jungs again, I will be sure to eat at the restaurant (though the man delivering the food was fast and super friendly), it wasn't worth the compromise in quality. 
Overall, I would not recommend them for take out and/or delivery but would still suggest them for dining in!Having explored the Chinese food scene in New Orleans, Panda Kings Weekend Dim sum, Little Chinatown in Kenner, and Jung's are the only three restaurants that serve authentic Chinese food, with the former two serving up Cantonese food while Jung's dishes out Fujian-ese food. A neighbor to Sichuan, Fujian is the equally flavorful but less fiery neighbor. The Ma Po Tofu and Tsing Yo Bing are two crowd pleasers along with their Si Gei Doe, sliced beef and ox tongue, and crispy whole fish. 
I would give it a solid four stars for their delicious steamed fish with black bean sauce, but they are as heavy handed with their MSG as your local Americanized late night take out. With such distinct flavors and the presence of an dedicated Chinese menu, it is a shame they cheapen their food with the use of MSG in their sauces.The worst tasting Chinese food I've ever had. Greasy & bland. The pork in Szechuan pork was non existent. Gave them a second try just in case but the shrimp in shrimp and lobster sauce were sour.The atmosphere was a little interesting in that it seemed to be a sushi bar that didn't make it so they turned that part into a bar. I went there on a Tuesday night and it was dead with only one lady working the restaurant with the occasional take out order. Dumplings were the highlight of the night and were definitely homemade. They had a traditional menu which I thought was fun. I'll be back but probably not to dine in but to try other dishes as takeout.Do NOT eat here! This place was horrible. Worst Chinese food ever. There were egg shells all in my rice. The shrimp were cold and they taste old. Sauce was just bad and the presentation wasn't good either. Someone ordered me food from here and paid for it to be delivered, the restaurant called to tell me they couldn't deliver so I went to pick it up. What a waste of time and money.If German roaches don't ruin your experience, the shorthanded, inept, curt service will. This place is rumored to have once had a decent reputation for offering an authentic "yellow" menu of true Chinese cuisine. That isn't saying much in a town with a deficit of good authentic Chinese food, nevertheless, it was that menu and neighborhood proximity that once attracted me to the restaurant as a bachelor. GD2 seems now to cater more to college kids and takeout. The authentic menu offerings are genuine in appearance, if not not in culinary approach. The Szechuan offerings provide a mediocre but passable Szechuan pepper experience to a non-native, for example, if what you want can be found in a can from the West Bank Hong Kong market grocer. Other offerings are missing, and some just miss the mark, such as the BBQ pork. There is no sweet & sour pork. That was a sign to my Chinese guests in this last occasion that the menu came up short. But, now, back to the roach I saw under my table. Having worked in restaurants for years as a means to get through college, I can be sympathetic to how quickly the problem can appear, and how difficult it can be to get under control - but the solution is no mystery. German roaches in New Orleans (not the Palmetto kind) found crawling around in the dining room during the day are a sign of a major infestation in the kitchen, caused by unsanitary food cleanup, waste removal, and food storage. Meanwhile, the server was so stretched thin responding to take out order mistakes that she couldn't manage a mere two tables, and had to be hailed for service repeatedly. The check was unceremoniously dropped on the table with to-go containers as a sign that the dining experience was over, mercifully. Oh, and no fortune cookies (which is anyway an American thing, but this is America). Whatever appeal this place once had, it is no more. I'll stick to China Rose in Metairie nstead.This is by far the best Chinese food I've had in the New Orleans area. I went by it so many times - it looks like a hole in the wall on the outside. But inside, it is clean and nice, the service was excellent, and the food was fresh and good. One of the things I really appreciated was that there are a few menu items marked as low calorie, which is tough to find in this area and at Chinese restaurants in general. Loved the hot and sour soup and the steamed dumplings!My daughter and I went here tonight and both of us had the same thought as we were leaving, yet another establishment we will not be returning to.  
I thought about giving out only one star, but I reserve those for the worst of the worst and though we had a miserable time of it, there were a couple highlights, albeit just a couple.  
I ordered the boneless chicken with vegetables combo plate and my daughter ordered the sesame chicken entrée.  We both had a soup, she thought the egg drop soup was good, I had a cup of the vegetable soup and though the broth was tasty, the vegetables were quite raw and not able to be chewed, all except the Chinese cabbage but that was NOT a highpoint.  We also ordered the vegetable rolls as an appetizer and though the outside was crispy, the inside was raw and smelled as though it was just on the shade of spoiling, needless to say, I did not imbibe.  The vegetables that came with the boneless chicken were also raw and I did send them back, however our waitress took the plate away and returned less than a minute later and the broccoli had been removed and she pronounced the vegetables to be cooked, of course they were not.  I did not bother to send them back, rather I ate the chicken instead, which WAS a highpoint, on both dishes.  My dinner came with shrimp fried rice and a summer roll (a vegetable roll with shrimp), both were given to my kiddo as I abhor seafood.  She at the summer roll and I traded my fried rice for her white, and I still think I got the better deal in the end.
Service was lackluster and I felt like a bug under a glass the way the waitress was eyeing us all while we ate.  My daughter felt the same and she could see her staring at us through the reflection in her glasses and mentioned it to me.  When she brought the check, I gave her my credit card and she brought back my receipt to sign, she didn't even wait for us to leave before showing up to the table to pick up my slip.  I did not leave the worst tip in my life ($.02 cents), but I did only leave 10%.
Bottom line, I was thoroughly unimpressed with this restaurant and will not be returning.  I should have known something was amiss when we showed up at 7:00 p.m. on a Saturday night and the place was deserted.I went to Jung's because a friend recommended it highly and I like to branch out.  However, I was truly disappointed.
We ordered the vegetable fried rice, dumplings, chicken lo mein, and an order of vegetables.  Everything was Soggy with grease.  I realize Chinese food is not supposed to be healthy but I actually felt greasy after eating here.  The dumplings were soggy too, and while the flavor was ok, we found that we couldn't eat more than a few bites of anything.  
Perhaps it was an off night, but I will not be rushing back anytime soon.  Especially as it was all a couple more dollars per plate than other local places which offer far superior food.They offer delivery but then choose weather or not you order enough food to actually deliver it.  It's a little misleading.I'm giving 2 stars because the delivery was incredibly fast. The food was terrible and over priced. I will not order from this place ever again.Visited Dec 2012
We stopped by just for the bubble tea. We saw a poster on the window. WOW, it's five dollars a cup! They used a bunch of powder flavoring. They were really cheap with the flavoring too which made our taro bubble tea a pale pale pastel purple instead of the lavendar purple taro bubble tea usually is. It was just bad bubble tea. The only compliment I have is that the bubbles were golden so it never got hard in our slushy bubble tea and they were surprisingly sweet on their own. They stayed chewy.  I do not recommend bubble tea here. The flavor is just too bland. I will say they were really nice to us.Best Chinese food in the city! It's easy to look past on the busy section of magazine but it is well worth going out of your way to try. And don't forget to order off the "authentic Chinese" food menu. The onion pancakes and dumplings are my favorite.We live across the street and dine at Jung's often.  I've never had a bad meal there and Jung is always such a joy to talk to!I used to like this place.  Ordered Hot and Sour soup for delivery and got a bonus.  A large cockroach at the bottom of the bowl.  
Will NEVER ORDER AGAINI have never actually gone inside Golden Dragon - we found this place online and always get it delivered.
I LOVE the food here! It is never greasy like a lot of Chinese places tend to be. The fried rice is fantastic, one of the best ever! I've had the sweet and sour chicken and sesame chicken before - both absolutely yummy! The breading on the chicken doesn't overpower the meat like it does in other places. The spring rolls are great too!
This is def. becoming one of my favorite delivery places!This restaurant is pretty bad honestly. I ordered the Chicken with Orange Peel and General Tso. I expected to receive chicken morsels covered in sauce, however I received actual chicken strips with some sauce on it. Pretty unfortunate honestly. 1/10 recommendationMy wife, daughter in law, son, granddaughter and I dined there on Christmas Day. We had the Hunan shrimp, sesame chicken and Szechuan beef plus the shrimp fried rice and egg rolls. Everything was delicious. The place was crowded so we had to wait. But it was well worthwhile. The staff was courteous and friendly. I had a may-tai which was very strong . We will definitely return.I concur with my friend Golden. We ate there at his urging. Friendly staff, comfortable restaurant, great food. Ask for the Chinese menu and order off of it for more exotic stuff. The dumplings are great the szechuan dishes are outstanding and the place is very reasonably priced. Super kid-friendly, too..Nice, clean little place on Magazine Street in the heart of the Irish Channel. 
We came in on a Saturday night and were greeted by a funny woman who we assume was an owner. She had an oddball sense of humor that I really appreciated.
This place offers two menus. American and traditional Szechuan. I ordered off of the American and got General Tsao's. I asked for it to be extra spicy. It wasn't. It was good, but verrrrrrrrry bready. Too much for my taste.
He got Szechuan chicken. Yum! Spicy chunks of pepper and chicken in a zesty sauce. I really liked this dish and I would probably order it on my next trip.
I recommend ordering off of the traditional menu. Wayyyy better.The food is just awesome,especially the Duck.Staff is very friendly.They also have a Chinese menu, with things like Jellyfish, or Ox tounge if you want to try something exotic.I had heard great things about this place, and was so disappointed. The menu offering looked good, but I became suspicious when I saw that they charged extra for sweet and sour sauce with the crab rangoon... When the food came, there was only one soy sauce to go with our rangoon and veggie egg rolls. The rest was the pre-packaged mustard and duck sauce (who even eats duck sauce? what is it??). The rangoon was mostly empty space inside. The eggroll had a good crunch but absolutely no flavor. The veggie lo mein we got had an okay flavor, but the noodles were overdone. The sauce on the General Tso's tofu was delicious -- it was the only good thing we had -- but the tofu itself was chewy and came in large, hard to eat blocks instead of bite-sized pieces, and it came with two pieces of broccoli and a side of mushy rice. To top it all off, the place was more pricey than our go-to, Hunan Wok. I won't be back.We were passing through New Orleans on Christmas day. The last thing we wanted to do after hours in the car was get dressed up for an expensive stuffy dinner so we decided to go to Jung's for Peking duck. I had seen online that they would be open Christmas day so I called the day before and made reservations.  Good thing I did too. There was a line when we arrived and service was extremely slow. 
We ordered the bubble tea - not knowing they were $6 each. We ordered a lychee, a mango, and a thai tea. The hostess is apparently also the bartender so we had to wait till she was able to make the drinks. None of them had bubbles- they were out of bubbles. They should have told us beforehand or reduced the price. The lychee drink tasted right. The mango drink was horrible. The thai tea grainy and strange but flavor was ok. 
We ordered off the Chef's Specialties menu we saw on the window outside. We had the Grand Marnier shrimp and walnuts, Happy Family noodles, and Kon Po calamari along with the peking duck. All the dishes besides the duck were good. Duck was cut in large pieces and not thinly sliced. We usually eat peking duck with steamed buns now so the kids were unfamiliar with the pancakes used to roll the duck. Duck came with a soup. We had to ask for the soup several times and when it arrived, we didn't have any spoons to eat it with.
Probably would not go there again but it wasn't a terrible Christmas dinner.The food at this place was mediocre at best, and the owner was quite rude concerning a restaurant certificate that I used to purchase my meal.  There is far better Chinese food and quality of service elsewhere in New Orleans.Tough review. This Kung Pao was the closest to the Kung Pao I'm used to in Boston (thus the best kung pao Ive had in NOLA) but it was SOOOOOO greasy. I'm talking a puddle of grease at the bottom of the plate.  The grease just separated from the sauce it was so much. (See pic). 
The grease made the food sit heavy.   I threw the leftovers away. 
I might try something else next time.I was very disappointed. The only thing I like was the onion pancakes.Seriously terrible. Go literally anywhere but here. 
It took an hour and a half to get luke-warm questionable food. 
The orange chicken was soggy, the coating was falling off, and the sauce was this cold weirdly thick jelly like stuff glopped on top. 
The vermicelli with Szechuan "pork" was a pile of flavorless clear noodles. I thought they forgot the pork until I realized there were microscopic bits of ground pork that *might* have added up to a single bite. 
We also got combo fried rice, but the meat tasted pretty old and looked.... repurposed. 
Avoid.This review is for delivery & customer service only.  The food is fine.
Terrible customer service.  Said food would be delivered in an hour, 90 minutes later they blamed that fact that my address is "waaaaaay too far" (even though I live in 70115, one of the zip codes they service, AND they happily took the order).  Then they lied about the time they received my order (I had a time stamped email receipt).  It's not been close to 100 minutes and I'm still waiting on my delivery.  Last time this happened they blamed the weather (it was not raining at the time).
When the driver finally arrived, items were missing from our order and the rest of it was cold.
Save yourself a headache, either dine in, or order elsewhere.Surrounded by wrapping paper when I realized I had nothing going for dinner. Placed an order for delivery with UberEATS. Food is great, hunger suppressed, gifts wrapped I'm happy.  I ordered vegetable lo mein and the noodles are a good size, good flavor, it's not drenched in sauce which I like. Sometimes lo mein oozing sauce it's almost soup like and slides down your throat, that's not a problem here. And I got it super fast! I waited not even 30 minutes from placing my order to my front door and nothing burnt so again I'm happy, I would recommend especially if it's your turn to cook and you lose track of timeI didn't expect much from the food but was exhausted after a long day and wanted that "sitting on my couch eating chopsticks" feeling. So I ordered online, and in the comments for both items wrote "chopsticks please". I wish I checked the bag before the guy left and told him to take it back when there weren't any.
I'm furious. And the food isn't good either. Actually, straight up bad. (Greasy as can be, and there aren't even veggies in the mushu)I guess I will be labeled a snob now, but I can handle that. I see a lot of the negative reviews are because they did not like th Crab Rangoon, or the General TSO's chicken or something similar. This happens when you do not have a clue what Chinese food is really all about. These are not Chinese dishes. And really sorry to say, they are garbage....er...junk food. 
If you like the real thing and have been exposed to it before, you will like this place. There are a few dishes that you cannot find anywhere else and most of the food that is not your everyday take-out type of food is pretty good. This place can hold its own in any Chinatown I have been in. You have to be willing to be a little adventurous.  Ordering junk food here is like ordering a burger in a French restaurant and then complaining because the burger was no good. Almost everything I have had here has been good to excellent with not a single loser in the bunch. I have not tried the junk food so I cannot vouch for that
Really this deserves 4.5 stars but I do not know how to split a star.I'm not a big fan of Chinese food, and my experience at Jung's didn't really strengthen my view on it.  I came here with my boyfriend's family because they had a groupon for it.  We got steamed dumplings, combination lo-mein, Peking Duck, Mu Shu Pork, and Thai Curry.  They were all just okay.  But of course, that may only be because I'm not a big fan of Chinese food.  Everyone else at the table also thought the food was kind of blah, so maybe it's not just me.  We mainly came here for the Peking Duck, and that was a disappointment.  The duck was dry and lacked flavor.  The Thai Curry was probably the dish I disliked the most.  It had such a weird flavor that I was not fond of.
The service was kind slow and it took forever to get our food.  The restaurant is relatively small.  As quickly as the restaurant filled up, it died down at the same pace.
Would I come here again?  Probably not.The best Szechuan food in America! Make sure you eat in and order off the authentic menu! My family and I come here all the time, and it's never not amazing!If I could give zero stars I would. Ordered for delivery and the woman on the phone was incredibly rude and was rushing me. The food didn't show up for an hour a half and when it came the orange peel chicken was just soggy, deep fried and wet with a sauce on top that was not orange in flavor or color. Very disappointed. Ruined my weekend night ordering in experience.Delicious scallion pancakes and spicy honey prawns!  Very friendly service, and an extensive menu.After reading the review by Liz C., I decided to take a chance at Jung's Golden Dragon.  I've been craving authentic Chinese food for awhile and haven't been able to find a decent Chinese restaurant since I moved here three years ago.  I decided to call and place a take out order after looking through their Chinese menu.  The lady who took my phone order was very nice and even spoke to me in Chinese! I ordered the "Fu Qi Fei Pian" and the Singapore Steamed buns.  Let me tell you, they were AWESOME.  I'm not quite sure why the two more recent reviews had negative experiences, but I was lucky that my food was prepared very nicely.  
This is the best authentic Chinese food I've had in New Orleans for awhile.  Don't forget to ask for the Chinese menu if you want traditional dishes!  Thanks Liz C. for the great recommendation.What a sad disappointment this was we are New Yorkers in search of the famous Shanghai soup dumplings that they "supposedly" have here. The owners here are absolutely dolls however when the soup dumplings arrived at our table they were all small and no soup. She tried to make us eat it claiming soup was at one point in there. The food was extremely greasy and oily. I would not come back or recommend this place.This is a review for the authentic Szechuan menu. As a NYC transplant, the authentic menu here is a great find! This is a great food city, but sadly there is next to no edible Chinese food in New Orleans (if you disagree then this review isn't for you, and you are hopeless). That's why finding the authentic menu here was so exciting. It's real deal Szechuan food-- get the dan dan noodles (off the menu). They have homemade soup dumplings, beef in hot pepper oil (aka boiled spicy beef...my all-time favorite), and fantastic dry sauteed string beans (if you think it's weird I'm singling out string beans, then you clearly haven't had the real thing). Definitely go, and make sure to order off the special authentic menu. I didn't believe it at first either, after being let down by so many other places in the city, but it will not disappoint.Every dish on the menu tastes the same.  Mongolian beef hardly had any beef & tasted like the chicken & pork dishes.  We went here with a larger group so we did a family style dinner so was able to try 7-8 dishes.  The only one that stood out & was good was some sort of shredded pork dish, other than that it was just your average Chinese fare that was OK but not great.  Bubble teas were really expensive at $5 a piece, lacked flavor and was too icy.Ordered delivery: lemon chicken and tofu with vegetables in a black bean sauce. Both were underwhelming. The lemon chicken was a couple of fried chicken breasts, some lemon wedges, and a tub of honey to be poured over it. The veggies were not fresh, and tasted as though something in them had gone bad. Very disappointing. Won't be ordering again.Jung's did a really superb job on a three item vegetarian dinner this evening, and the food was delivered to our hotel on St Charles Ave in much less than the 45 minutes promised.  The ordering by phone was clear, and the food quality/freshness/taste was excellent.  Their on-line menu has one veggie item listing pork, but that was quickly explained away (as being available without it), and they made up for that confusion with a nice meal.  I recommend this place fully.  Enjoy!I've ordered from here maybe 3 times and I'm absolutely done. I've gotten food poisoning every time, the quality is terrible, and my last order, I found a cockroach in my dumplings. TERRIBLEI will start off by saying the food was good. The service was very friendly. However, the norm for a chinese restaurant is getting a ton of food for not a ton of money. This place missed the memo on that. We ordered the orange chicken and the chicken lo mein. Flavor was good but the amount was ok. I prefer Red Star for large portions which give many leftovers and it is cheaper. Overall, I will probably not return.I understand, that things like General Tsao's Chicken, Crab Rangoons and even Mongolian Beef are part of the regular, western concept of Chinese food, but if you come to this place you have to forget about the regular menu and go straight to the Chinese menu.  
Shanghai Buns.  There's no better way to start a Chinese meal than with six freshly steamed soup dumplings.  Their spring rolls are really good too, very simple and straight to the point.  The sauce made for the Szechuan Eggplant is spot-on, not too sweet, and just a hint of spice.  The Mapo-Tofu has to be one of my favorites, and its quite similar to the way it's prepared in China.  It's actually just as spicy which is hard to get anywhere, and it can be ordered with or without pork.  Sizzling Beef and the Boiled Fish are great as well.  I tend to come here at least 2 or 3 times a week even so I know that they do have a sense of consistency.  The service is extremely friendly, and if they get to know you (this goes for any restaurant), the better.  I highly recommend Jung's for those who are willing to step outside the regular and convenient conceptions of Americanized Chinese food.This place is in need of much more attention and notoriety. The hot Szechuan boiled fish, ma-po tofu, shredded Szechuan style pork, and garlic style eggplant are all incredible. Served with as much rice as you can eat. Service is fast and friendly. If you go and order off the regular menu you're doing yourself a disservice.  Best authentic Chinese I've found in Nola, and it's truly a shame that 5 Happiness gets labeled as such.Oh my God... Where shall I begin??? What a horrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrror!!!! 
The GOOD: 
*Ordering over the phone or online or through the Yelp app with email confirmation - great way to multi-task
*Open on Sundays - most chinese food restaurants aren't, hence the reason I was even in the area (waste of gas & money... sheesh)
*Delivery (within a specified area)
*Pricing isn't all bad - 3 entrees, a soup, appetizer/ribs  & a bubble tea = $54.88
*Hot & spicy soup - was flavorful, palette pleasing, not too spicy or mild
*Great Bubble Tea; I got iced coffee flavored - the HIGHLIGHT of the trip... No really
*(yeah and that sums up the Good)
!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*!!!*
And Now for The VERY VERY 'is this real, am I being punked?' BAD:
*The food, yes THE FOOD... (crickets... wait for it... ) I wasted calories... money... time... and a hearty appetite; QUATROfold-waste... I'm just off a 21-day FAST, this being my first 'regular meal' & look what happened PLUUUUUUUUUUUSSSSSS today was my granny's bday & this was the meal I presented to her... #soashamed & aghast!!!!!!
*The charred ribs (harder & darker than Cajun food) were very difficult to chew; I gave the dog one & EVEN she refused, #whatthewhat; rubber/leather-like; smh; hello when i bit down & began chewing in the rear of my mouth, I'm not sure what happened, but a toothache immediately followed
*I ordered a shrimp & broccoli & a shrimp with vegetables; some how I got two of the EXACT same things (please reference the pics 1 of 2 & 2 of 2 in the images I submitted); both of which had a soupy vomit like consistency & appearance; might I add that I didn't just want to jump to conclusions based on appearance, since it passed the 'smell test'; I decided to taste the veggies & the vomit-like sauce; however & quite sad, looks AREN'T deceiving... it was putrid 
*The fried rice was darker than I'd ever seen before, hard & dry, yet flavorful
*The eggrolls - were smaller than the average size & appeared to be 3 number 9 pencils rolled together, covered in batter & fried
I was appalled & down right disappointed at the presentation & the God-awful taste of the food.  As I stated, this was a total let down in so many regards until, writing this review just doesn't seem like enough.  My first inclination was to do an about face & return ALLLLLLLLLLLL the food... Should've followed my #first mind.
My granny was disappointed as well & didn't finish her meal; but she did complain the entire time & on her bday no less.  I felt awful!!!
My plate is still sitting on the countertop, untouched less the tasting that I previously described; I did however decimate the bubble tea; remember the HIGHLIGHT of the trip.
As I think back, today was a beautiful day, weather-wise & will all the folks out walking up & down Magazine street, this place was empty. So sad, sad, sad.
I only went on the strength of several Yelp Reviews, hello #EPICFAIL; Yelp has failed me this time go round. NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!! Not even for my most coveted Bubble Tea.I've been there 2x now, which is enough for me to make it my go to Chinese restaurant in the NO.  Will definitely be going back in the future.Don't do it! Ordered take out since the place was really close to where we were staying. I have never had bad Chinese food, but this place did it. Ordered general tso chicken, and it consisted of halfway fried cut up chicken smothered in sauce which tasted like bbq more than anything. Chicken left a powdery after taste and the texture was disgusting, maybe it wasn't chicken?Decor is not in line with New Orleans but other than that, this is a great place. Food is tasty and plentiful ... Service is quick. When you need to switch off from the local/provincial Magazine street food venues, Jung's should be a 'go to'.Came here on vacation. Cold cucumber noodles are on point! The jellyfish had this weird sauce. Maybe I'm too used to the cold jellyfish that you get with the head cheese for appetizers during banquets. That's what I was expecting. And the chow mein was definitely Americanized. Chinese people do have crunchy chow mein but it's normally got plenty of sauce to soak in a bit. Otherwise, the food was fairly decent.I will definitely re-review once I've been here enough times to try all of their veg options. But, here's an initial impression.
Jung's is literally two blocks from my apartment- making it so useful for when i'm exhausted, rushed, and need a dinner fix. Looking over their menu I was disappointed that there weren't an abundance of vegetarian options and the menu was slightly pricey- not too bad though. So, I decided to give them a call and just ask if they made what i was craving: vegetarian mu shu, although it was not on their menu. To my happy surprise, the woman who picked up the phone at JGD was very friendly and told me that they often make veg mu shu and I could have it with either all vegetables or add tofu. I chose to add tofu. Two entrees cost us $22 and we ordered for pick up. The food was ready in about 15-20 minutes and we took it home where it was still pipping hot. 
The bfs chicken and broccoli was very tasty. The sauce was so good and the broccoli so crisp that i had to steal a few bites of those little green trees. My mu shu was different than what I have ever had before. I opted for the mix of tofu and vegetables. What came was strips of fried tofu (pretty yummy!) and a few pieces of slivered cabbage (i think). I missed a lot of the crunch from the rest of the slivered veggies. The pancakes all ripped so I didn't end up using them. I've always gotten this dark brown sauce that tastes very sweet, but Jung's didn't send that along. 
I enjoyed my meal. But, i didn't think it was great. Jung's definitely gets points for its cute decor inside and the fact that they were willing to make me something that is not on their menu. 
I will definitely be ordering up some General Tsao's and Sesame Tofu in the future and I'll see if those wow me a little more.Incredible. It's horrifying that Five Happiness continuously gets "Best Chinese in New Orleans" in Gambit. Having lived in China, I can say with confidence that this is hands down the best Chinese in the city. Five Happiness does not even compare. Stick to the Authentic Menu: Szechuan Boiled Fish, Eggplant w/ Garlic Sauce, etc. I love this place and you will too.It's so Disgusting!! The WORST Chinese food I've ever tasted! I have only had delivery - never eaten at the restaurant. It is so bad - it's almost like it's not real food. Soggy, tasteless and beyond greasy/oily. Terrible! Don't do it!!!Meh.... its mediocre at best.
I ordered the Shrimp Toast appetizer and Mandarin Chicken meal.
The toast was most defiantly pre-made processed frozen food. There was not one piece of bread in it.... only a gelatinous clump of mess with hardly no taste at all. I slathered it in the prepackaged duck sauce to get through it. It was not a true piece of toast cut in fours, but more of a cube cut in diagonals. Every one of the pieces in a uniform shape... most definitely pre-made frozen junk. 
The Mandarin Chicken was also subpar. The thinnest cut if chicken covered in a thick tempura. There was no lettuce under for presentation, just fried chicken and white rice with gravy. No nut topping. No scallions or green onions. NOTHING. VERY VERY plain and boring. 
Everything needed salt and seasoning. 
You would do better going to a buffet. 
I will not be ordering from here again.
***This restaurant was voted in the top three Chinese restaurants in NOLA by a local organization. Maybe that organization needs new judges or possibly stop taking buy-offs to choose winners.My SO and I stopped in for lunch one Saturday while we were walking Magazine Street.  She knew the one in Metairie was a favorite of her mother and brother, so we tried it out.  We got fried wontons to start, which were fantastic.  I ordered the lemon chicken, egg drop soup, and shrimp fried rice.  My SO ordered the Kung Pao chicken, spring roll, and shrimp fried rice.  The lemon chicken was very good (I LOVE lemon), and the rice and soup were spot on.  The Kung Pao was VERY spicy, so much so that my SO couldn't eat it.  So we switched!!  It was even a bit spicy for me, but I still liked it.
Service was a bit spotty at times, but the staff was very friendly.  I definitely recommend Jung's for Chinese food.The beef with broccoli was particularly good, they also had many types of bubble tea available.My husband is a Chinese food fiend. I prefer Mexican. We are both out of luck because out of all of the amazing food here in New Orleans, these two food groups aren't as abundant as others. 
There's nothing fancy about Jung's Golden Dragon but my husband was craving Lo Mein and this appeared to be the nearest open Chinese place so we went. I ordered the Hot and Sour Soup and it was the best I've ever had. Hubby said his Egg Drop Soup was the best he's had (I tried it, it was good). 
We ordered spring rolls as an appetizer and they were much too onion-y and cabbage-y (I know that's what spring rolls are but these seemed excessive). I wasn't a fan since I like neither cabbage nor onions but hubby enjoyed them.
The plum wine was meh but I only tried one of the three types that they offered. I ordered some honey shrimp almond dish with broccoli and hubby got Lo Mein (I think pork, beef, and chicken). My dish was excellent and very flavorful. I did notice a strange aftertaste after I kept eating that wasn't bad, I just couldn't place it. 
I tasted some of hubby's Lo Mein and it was good as well. We'll go back here again because it's close and the price is right, but I would like to explore more Chinese restaurants in NOLA before I name this one as our staple. The wait staff was excellent though, happy to answer any questions we had and continuing to check on us regularly even though it was nearing closing time.
I wish there was a 3.5 option....I had eaten here years ago and all the food seemed like the regular, old, Chinese-American food, it was good. I'm not sure if ownership changed, or what, but the food is definitely not the same. Its..different... I don't love it, and I want to like it, but I just never know what I am going to get... We have ordered the General Tso chicken and the chicken is a slice breast in gen. tso sauce... perhaps its healthier? I don't order Chinese to be healthy. Some of the sauces are mystery sauces--they are tasty, but they do not always look appealing, so I hesitate to just go all out. But the place delivers, the drivers are friendly and they always deliver to me within the estimated time.Ordered lunch for 7 people at work and no one enjoyed their food. I personally had general's chicken and the breading on it wasn't fried all the way and you could taste and see the batter on it. I ended up only eating the friend rice which was good that's why I'm giving two stars.One hungover morning a friend and I both had the worst craving for Chinese EVER! I'm not going to lie tiny, random, Chinese food delivery places that change their names frequently scare me. That fear coupled with a hangover made us trek to Magazine for Jungs. 
The food was pretty good. Nothing left me with that 'Oh my goodness I must return soon' feeling, but it did quench the loud Chinese food cravings I was suffering from. We came in during a weekday afternoon, there were only about 6 customers max, so the service and food was speedy, friendly and efficient. 
They have great lunch specials and a full bar as well! Also, they made my mixed veggies steamed with the sauce on the side. I appreciated that they were so super accommodating! 
I'm sure the next time my stomach is screaming "spring rolls b*tch" I will be hitting up Jungs!The food was mediocre. The delivery took over an hour. The food was below average for sure. If you could imagine a noodle that had been overcooked into pasta paste, mixed with salty soy sauce, then order the lo mein. Don't worry about the overcooked vegetables, they are few and far in between. 
We ate small portions of crab Rangoon, steamed dumplings, fried rice, and lo mein.Disgusting! People who serve spoiled smelly seafood and do not even speak English to talk about this crazy situation!!Jung? More like dung. I've never tasted worse Chinese food in my life. The won ton soup was black. Pretty sure they just gave me a bucket of soy sauce with some wontons thrown in. The general tso's was completely tasteless. It was weakly breaded chicken with a goopy disgusting sauce underneath it. I almost spit out the Moo Shu Pork I got which was covered in a weird awful sauce. I thought I could save it with plum sauce, but even the plum sauce was watered down and only made things worse. When I resorted to the fried rice, and thought well how can they eff that up? Guess what...they did. Pretty sure this was picked up off the floor and put in a take out container. 
I was so disappointed but considering the service when I walked in to get this order, I was not about to deal with it again. I would have gotten a snarky pony-tailed man rolling his eyes and giving me attitude. That is exactly what he did when I asked if there was a menu in the bag since I wanted one for next time. And now I will never need one again.The food was fantastic.  We had a large group ordering several dishes including sweet and sour chicken, Chinese curry chicken, Peking duck and more. I have had traditional Peking Duck in Los Angeles China town and this was just as good. Service was quick and everything was very good. 
If you want good, traditional Chinese food I highly recommend this place.Despite some pretty terrible reviews, we popped in for a quick bite the other night. We were literally the only customers in the restaurant on Friday night. However, I thought the food was great! Nothing too special, but inexpensive and tasty. Service was excellent, too. General Tso chicken was prepared differently from how I've had it before with a large breaded filet cut into strips, but it was really good! I'd go again.I always forget why I don't like ordering from this place. My most recent delivery reminded me why. 
The wonton soup that I ordered had some veggies in it. In the first bite into the bok choy, I bit into a rock! Owie! A simple rinse somewhere along the way would have gotten the dirt out of the veggies. *
I also ordered the mixed vegetables with seafood fried rice. The seafood fried rice is just a few pieces of shrimp mixed in with rice and soy sauce. The mixed veggies had a good assortment of veggies, but drowned in a brown sauce. ick! 
Another disappointment? In addition to the food being pricey, they charged me twice (total of $4) for delivery. 
* wash your veggies. Farms usually don't rinse the veggies because the shelf life of rinsed veggies is shortened.WOW! Last night was the first time I've been here and I was impressed. I've been looking for a traditional Chinese restaurant and I've found it. Family meal style and plenty of helpings. We started with Pan Fried Dumplings which were nothing short of perfection.  For the main course we had PORK SZECHUAN STYLE and HUNAN CRISPY FISH FILET WITH SPICY SAUCE. Top that off with a side of Chinese broccoli and a pot of Jasmine and oolong tea and you have a fantastic night. The food was flavorful and rich. The service professional and attentive. If You are looking for the real traditional Chinese food this is definitely a spot for you. I will definitely be back.I tried the Baby Bok Choy w/ Black Mushroom, Beef Curry and Shrimp Fried rice.  Food quality was fresh. Portions and price were reasonable.  There is a separate menu that has Authentic dishes which is a plus! Good variety to choose from. The winner for me was the owner.  Jung herself.  5 stars for Jung! Friendly, entertaining and a lovely host. Look forward to stopping over when I'm on Magazine St and trying more and talking story with Jung.Super bummed about this place. I love Chinese. And I love that they deliver. But the general tso's chicken was tasteless and weakly breaded. It was advertised as spicy but, sadly that was not the case.Something happened. 
I used to love this place soley on the fact that they had the best bubble tea in the city. It was fresh and creamy and they offered soy milk. It was incredible. Something has happened and it is now as poor a quality as every other bubble tea place uptown. Pretty sure it is a powder now and they no longer offer soy or forgot to add it to mine last time because it was horrible. Friends who normally love it also went a few weeks ago and had the same problems with the bubble tea. 
WHERE IS GOOD BUBBLE TEA IN THIS CITY? I thought I had it....
Also last time I ordered my veggie spring rolls they put shrimp in them. No good.Well...been passing this restaurant on Magazine Street a few months now, and today decided to eat here without checking out reviews first. BAD MISTAKE!!! Ordered the barbecue ribs and Singapore curry noodles. NOT GOOD at all. The curry powder hadn't been mixed well into the noodle dish, there were 4 shrimp, a bit of shredded pork and too much chicken. The barbecue ribs, not sure the pork was fresh...waiting for stomach to react!!!!!! Will NEVER EVER eat here again. So much for being curious and not reading reviews before dining. I've sure paid for not doing so. STAY AWAY!A very pleasant surprise.  My daughter wanted Chinese for her birthday so my husband and I took her for lunch.  Every single thing we ordered was hot, fresh, and cooked to order.  The food was really, really good.  Nice atmosphere with wonderful wait staff.  Tons of vegetarian options as well.  I have a feeling we are going to become regulars.There were two restaurants in this space that I never bothered to try. Both looked like a mess, and I don't regret giving them a pass. Jung's is altogether different.
The layout is cozy, maybe a touch small. Lots of blond wood and decor. I don't really know what purpose the sushi bar serves; I assume it's leftover from one of the terrible predecessors.
The menu on the table is ordinary Chinese, the stuff of cheerful family dinners. Lots of General Tso, Kung Pao/Kon Po what-have-you. I'm sure it's good, since they have a decent chef and a hot wok. But the first time I went in, the gent who seated us knew his mark, and gave us the "authentic" menu, which is yellow and has no pictures or "comes with fried rice and egg roll." This menu is where it's at.
The thousand year egg with tofu is a salty, eggy splender, redolent with cilantro and sesame oil. The thousand year egg has a bit of natural spring to it. They make good dumplings, but be sure to order them right away with your drinks, because they take a while. The pan-fried variety came connected with a crepe-like skin underneath them, and were gingery and full of porky goodness. An adventurous soul could order the tripe and tongue (I don't think the word tripe occurs in the name, it's called ox tongue and beef something or other), in which the tripe is crunchy and funky and the tongue meltingly tender. Order any of the Szechuan dishes and you'll get a burst of true Szechuan pepper, a tongue-numbing compatriot to the red-hot peppers. The pork and beef in every dish I've ordered so far has been meltingly tender. The vegetarian selection is somewhat limited, but standbys like fried tofu have all kinds of good veggies adorning a big pile of deliciously prepared tofu. The pork dishes have all so far been a little too similar to each other, but with tender pork, this is not so much a sin. There was a fried shrimp dish with mayonnaise sauce that was good, even though it seemed wildly inappropriate at first.
Okay, it's not the best Chinese food in the world. Maybe it's only really four stars. But it's really good, the portions are generous, and you can sense from the food that they care about what they're doing. The overall vibe is great. Plus, there's no good Chinese food in New Orleans proper. It's an easy place to like.We live in the Woodlands area, Texas.  We found this restaurant a little by accident.  Our daughter and her family live in NOLA and we were shopping magazine street.
I have eaten orange peel beef from NYC china town to San Francisco's china town and at least 20 states in between and Jung's was the best that I have eaten in many years.  We used to go for the Cajun food cuisine  but We now make Jung's a must stop to eat even if only take out whenever we are in town.  After a couple of years eating there on trips, decided to place this review as Yelp has helped us when on vacations elsewhereSteamed dumplings were great, beef with broccoli was lacking something, but the beef lo mien was amazing!  Attentive and helpful staff.  I'll go back, but try something else.  Prices are higher than your typical Chinese joint.Flying into NOLA late on Christmas Eve we had few options for our Christmas dinner. We set out looking for a chinese restaurant as we thought we would have better luck there. We were not all that lucky though.
Our experience at Jung's Golden Dragon II started out pleasant enough with three stellar appetizers; the pan fried dumplings, spring rolls and 1000 year old eggs with tofu. All were above average. I am a big fan of 1000 years old egg dishes and so I was delighted to find this on the menu as very few chinese restaurants seem to offer them. All of this seemed to be leading up to some delicious entrees.
The entrees were not well received by myself or my party. We ordered the mapo tofu with pork, braised beef shank with dark brown sauce, shrimp with garlic sauce and vegetable lo mein. The shrimp and lo mein were both merely adequate. The mapo tofu was covered in sezchaun pepper, so much so that it was nearly inedible. The taste lingered in my mouth and obstructed my taste buds for the next 30 minutes or so. The vegetables in the beef shank were severely undercooked and the sauce and shank unpleasant.
This was not the Christmas Eve we hoped for, but considering our limited options, I guess we could have ended up with worse.This place sucked so bad. Food was basically fried prices of garbage with some gross sauce drizzled all over it. The real kicker was the middle school style tray it was served on. This place made me sad.I ordered the Mongolian, taste was good, the rice was a bit too mushy but edible. It does the job for Chinese craving. 
Boo got chicken cashew, he said it was bland but added some salt/pepper and he finished it. In the future, we might try a different place, food was ok.I just moved back to New Orleans from Chicago, and after three years of convenient online delivery at pretty much any restaurant, I was saddened to learn that NO still hasn't moved up in that arena.  Since I'm living in a different part of town than I've ever lived in before, but really wanted some Americanized Chinese, I had no clue where to order from.  Of course that's why I love Yelp so much, and after a little rooting around, I saw the reviews for Jung's Golden Dragon and decided to try.
Well, the first night that I called, even though their site said they'd be open, no one answered the phone.  Ever.  I gave up and went to get a pizza from Whole Foods, vowing not to bother with this place again.  Until a few nights ago when the craving for fried rice returned with a vengeance.  Steeling myself for disappointment, I called again.  Busy signal.  'Aha!' I thought, 'At least that means someone's actually there!'.  So I called again - 7 times, according to my call log.  Eventually someone picked up, an order was made, a celebratory dance enacted.
Delivery took just over 30 minutes - not too shabby - and though the food was a bit pricy (just around $33 for fried rice, egg drop soup, an order of dumplings, and beef lo mein), it was good.  I thought the fried rice had a little too much soy sauce (it was dark brown, and weirdly sweet), but the egg drop soup and dumplings were great, and the beef in the lo mein was tender and perfectly seasoned.  I'm planning to try some less predictable dishes next time.Delicious black bean & garlic tofu with brown rice. Corn & crawfish soup was excellent, too. Ice cold Kirin beer served with a chilled glass~ nice. Great service & huge portions. So glad we stopped in tonight!I ate there two nights in a row. The service is fantastic and I took the waiter's suggestion to try the whole crispy fish in a spicy brown sauce off the special "Chinese" menu. I was not disappointed. The hot and sour soup is the best in town.  I love you Jung's!Nola is very short on legit Chinese places.  Sure, there are plenty of cheap, quick-fix, run of the mill Chinese places in town, but I didn't think there was a standout until I ate at Jung's.  The ingredients were fresh and great quality.  I didn't order off of the traditional Chinese menu, but I definitely will next time.  Great food.Get the duck. Fantastic. But unless you really like to burn, ask to keep the spice down a bit. Sometimes it can get a little out of hand.Delicious! Authentic, fresh, expertly prepared. Service was fine, owner was very nice. Definitely our favorite Chinese food in New Orleans. Ma po tofu is soooo good! Green onion pancakes are to die for. Food came out quick, drinks were great. Wasn't crowded but you could tell they do a busy take out business, and rightly so.The best General Tso's Chicken ever...dark, rich, perfectly seasoned sauce over perfectly fried chicken. Ordered with UberEats and got it delivered within 30 minutes, piping hot. Will head to the restaurant itself for next meal!I went there twice with my friends from China. We think the 'Pork Lungs in Chili Sauce' is delicious. Other dishes like eggplants, beef, and some meat are a bit salty, but still ok for someone who want to try some Chinese food. 
It offers traditional Chinese food and some of the dishes are really worth a try.Solid Chinese delivery. And delicious Singapore dumplings. Not cheap though...I think they tack on a delivery fee.Best Chinese food in NOLA period.  I moved to the lower garden district to be within their delivery area.Pretty decent Chinese food for Louisiana. Honestly, I wasn't expecting much, but the taste and quality is better than many Chinese restaurants in California, which definitely surprised me. 
The owners are from Taiwan.After staying in New Orleans eating southern food for days, I start to carve for Chinese food. Hubby suggests we should avoid Chinese restaurants with over 4 star yelp reviews lol. Here we are, Jung has a little board outside saying they are offering authentic Chinese food items, and bubble teas! We went in and were greeted warmly. Tried their taro bubble tea (actually a bubble smoothie) and tastes great! We ordered two items from their Chinese menu: "shui zhu yu", boiled fish in hot sauce, and spicy pan-fried chicken. The fish dish is very authentic! And they offer unlimited steamed rice hmmm. Prices are reasonable for the dishes, but a little bit overpriced ($6) for the bubble teas. And just a reminder that they charge $1.95 to their hot tea... Anyway, definitely worth the trip for authentic Chinese food, which is hard to find in New Orleans!Supposedly this is the same Jung's Golden Dragon that used to be on Vets across from Clearview Mall but sadly something seems to have gone wrong post-move. During my most recent visit to the new Magazine St. location, the crab rangoon were passable but bland and the sesame chicken tasted like it had just been grabbed out of a plastic freezer bag, reheated, tossed in some sauce and served. To top it off, the soda, which was served from a bottle, somehow managed to be completely flat.
The service was fine and the decor was nice (albeit showing some signs of age), but neither was impressive enough to merit a return visit, especially when I can get Chinese food that's twice as good, delivered to my door at half the price.I've been eating in this place since they were on Vet's in Metairie and now they have moved into my neighborhood and are much more convenient for me to access.  The food here is generally good and they have some Korean style noodle soups that are decent.  They have both a "Chinese" and "American" menu but many of the items are the same on both menus with some notable exceptions.  This place has always been easy to get in and out of and I've never had to wait to eat.  They did irk me a bit the last time I ate there on St. Patrick's night when I ordered a dinner special and they then didn't bring me anything but the entree and said I just ordered that when I had POINTED on the menu to the "Dinner Special" that came with soup and egg roll. If you are in the area and need a quick and good meal this place will meet your needs.Acceptable 
Pros. Fast cooking easy walk in take away. And spot on presentation of sweet and sour chicken.
 (Seperate sauce from fried bits to preserve crispness) but how can you botch fried chicken. 
Cons. 
Mongolian beef. Was ok. Large portion. But no memorable or describable flavor. 
Bummer. Restaurant was empty. Should have been a warning. 
The spring rolls had shrimp in them. Not an issue unless your allergic and it's not on the menu. And I do hate the Shots. 
So. Next time. I m skipping the spring rolls and ordering  off the pink "authentic" menu. And making sure to ask and tell no shellfish.i will give one star being i cant give less. i ordered their then gen chicken and sesame chicken both where sliced chicken breast in tempura (which was under cooked). also got the crab Rangoon which was decent and the ribs which where also decent also ordered chicken fried rice and was charged extra and let me say wasn't bad but could have been a lot better!! i will say i will never order from here again though the next two days where bad for me after eating their food. i also have to say wasn't happy that it took over an hour for my food to be delivered and was charged 50 some odd dollars for all the food which honestly was not all that much. as i stated before i will not order here again and when i walk up magazine street past this place will be reminded how bad the food is and become ill again.So, I've only had ONE dish here and the green tea boba shake. I enjoyed the dish, the shake, and the price of the food very much. The dish was a spicy pork and noodle. Quite spicy, but very good. I think the boba was too expensive for the size, but it was good and the dish was less than $10, so i was cery happy with that.
The lady amd gentlemen that are always there when I visit are always so kind. It's quite welcoming. I never feel rushed. 
I've only been 3 times, but they recognize me now when I walk in, ha ha ha. 
They don't have air conditioning inside and my soda is usually room temperature, but I enjoy the welcoming environment and pork dish so much that I really don't mind.Decent place to eat Asian fusion food in the heart of New Orleans. Great food and hospitality. Enjoyed...I really wanted to like Jung's Golden Dragon, because it's in my neighborhood and it has a cool name and façade, but it is below average even considering the relatively low standards of American Chinese restaurants. The General Tso Chicken tastes more like generic chicken fingers, chopped and tossed in buffalo sauce. The steamed pork dumplings are flavorless, and didn't come with the traditional dipping sauce. The fried rice and lo mein dishes are very, very greasy and contain far too much cabbage, to the point where it begins to seem like filler. Ordering dishes extra spicy doesn't seem to help with the blandness.The only bright spot was the spring rolls, which were crispy and delicious and contained tiny, delectable fresh shrimp. Other than that, I haven't had anything at Jung's that I can recommend. I dined there twice and got take-out once, so I feel like I gave them a more than fair chance.Average Americanized Chinese food. One of the few that delivers, so if you're desperate, this is your place. You are better off ordering from Chill Out Cafe, which actually has pretty decent food. Oh, and be prepared to wait--a long time (90-150 minutes) if any of these conditions exist:
--There's a Saints game happening
--There's a Pelicans game happening
--There's a Tulane game happening
--There's an LSU game happening
--There's an Ole Miss game happening
--There's any sports happening
--There's a parade happening anywhere in the city
--It's a weekend
--It's JazzFest
--It's French Quarter Fest
--It's anything-Fest
--There's bad weather
--It's raining
--The sun is down
Well, you get the picture. Why don't you buy a wok and try making your own food? It will arrive quicker and probably be pretty good if you get a decent cookbook. They will apologize if your order is missing something or arrives 2 hours late, but don't expect a credit.  They'll just tell you how busy they are. Of course, they won't tell you that BEFORE you place the order.This place is racist the old stubborn lady is a problem with a filthy attitude just like their  place had a weird smell I even saw a mice running around & that was enough for me to not eat their food I would give this place a negative 5 if I could if u like to be treated like a animal and eat unsanitary food be my guestOrder off the "chinese" menu, the mayonaisse shrimp is my personal favorite!  Lots of different choices.On New Year's Day, I walked over to get takeout. I ordered the General Tso's Tofu. I asked if it came with vegetables, to which I was told it comes with broccoli.
The food came out fast, and I took it home to eat. The tofu was delicious, and there was a lot of it. The broccoli? TWO. TINY. PIECES. Really? That's basically a garnish.
I was super disappointed. What a bummer...Who knows if I'll be back...Ok five stars to balance things out. 3 stars is way too low for this restaurant. I can't speak about the American menu, but the Chinese menu is dynamite. Try the tripe and beef shank. Dont be afraid of the spice.Good Chinese spot that's quick and easy off magazine. Noddles are thick (which I like) and the sesame chicken dinner was good.The key at Jung's Golden Dragon is to order from the Asian menu. Anyone can throw together "Americanese" food which is usually pretty crappy to begin with, but the authentic menu is pretty delicious! Be adventurous! The less you recognize the dish, the more you'll enjoy it.Maybe I shouldn't attempt to try all the Chinese restaurants in New Orleans.. but I'm on a search for that one hidden gem?  I guess I'm still on my journey haha.
The good:
-Service
-Decor
-Appeal of how dishes are presented
The bad, sadly (and ironically what's more important):
-The taste of the food
-The price
I think we got a menu not usually given to everyone (we received 2 menus, one in English and another in Chinese and English) and we ordered a dish of eggplant (the szechuan eggplant) and fish (shui zhu yu).  The eggplant was supposed to almost have a melt-in-your-mouth kind of texture, but some pieces were kind of tough and unappetizing (enough pieces that I had to take my chances as to whether I'm going to eat a piece that I picked up)... the flavor was on point for the most part I guess?  The fish lacked taste, although the soup base was pretty authentic; I expected more uumph :/
Also, just fyi: the hot pot of tea expected of most Chinese restaurants to be served with the meal is not complimentary ($1.95 per person)... sad day.
I've always found reviews kind of misleading cause for restaurants, a review is heavily dependent upon the choice of dishes of the reviewer, so I can't really discount Jung's completely cause I've only tried 2 items.  But, first impressions are kind of important for restaurants huh?I ate here last night for the first time and feel compelled to immediately write a review about it, because it's the best Chinese food I've had in NOLA. I ordered the general tsao's chicken dinner platter here, which came with shrimp fried rice and an eggroll. I told the server to serve the fried rice on the side because I was planning on sharing my entree with my boyfriend who is allergic, and they actually complied with this request - if you've experienced ordering from many of the other Chinese places here, many of them will ignore such directions, even though it's annoying and at times life threathening. Anyway, the service here was great, the food was quite good, and I highly recommend it to anyone experiencing a craving for Chinese. Also note that they serve Peking Duck! Only a few places here do :)My sesame chicken arrived with the breading falling off and half of the pieces did not even have the sauce on it. The pieces were also not cut very well. If I wanted Chinese food that tasted okay, I would have gone to Panda Express. There also were no sesame seeds on my sesame chicken. This is by far some of the worst Chinese food I have ever had. I should note that I ordered through UberEats so maybe the in-dining experience is better, but I don't think I'm going to take my chances.I am also from California, SF area, and I totally sympathize with the last posting in that I have yet to find a Chinese restaurant in the New Orleans area that doesn't make me feel like crap.
Jung's is unfortunately included.
The question is why I even gave two stars after how I felt afterward:
Cool ambiance, appropriately decorated I guess.
Fast service and great attention to our table, including drink refills.
The hostess was great.
And so why only two stars? 
1st twilight zone moment- Aren't Chinese restaurants supposed to give you a pot of green tea?
2nd- I asked what kind of sauce was in the Chicken and Broccoli dish. Apparently, it's brown sauce. Um, like brown garlic sauce (...I'm thinking of that simple Thai dish back in SF...)? No, just brown sauce. I couldn't get her to tell me how the sauce got from clear to brown. I took my chances, and it was actually OK. I just wish I knew what was in it. And I kinda needed to, because I'm allergic to fish, including fish sauces. Like peanut sauce, which is also brown.
3rd- Next question was if the spring roll that came with my combo had fish in it. Yes. Then I told her about my allergy. Ok, can I substitute for a veggie spring roll? No. Ridiculous. What do vegetarians do? So I ordered an extra VEGGIE roll side, story to be continued...
4th- My roommate ordered sweet and sour chicken. And got sweet and sour fish. 
5th- I wondered if it was the "brown" sauce or the roll that gave me the reaction 30 minutes after leaving the restaurant. My leftovers proved that the VEGGIE roll had fish in it, which I took apart and fed to my cat.
6th- Just because it's Chinese food doesn't make each part of a meal automatically cost about $8.00-11.50. 
I usually don't post, and I am empathetic and really want to be fair about my posts.
So I can understand if the waitress has trouble with English, or like the chef had a bad day, or something. 
But I basically was poisoned. I did everything I could to avoid getting poisoned, and I still got poisoned. And that's not OK.Many Chinese restaurants closed on Thanksgiving day, only this restaurant still opened. But it did not leave a good impression on me. Originally, I ordered two very basic Chinese dishes, but the flavor was not good. Even though the quality of the shrimps was good, the flavor was salty and terrible. I try to order the third dish to make sure whether I ordered the wrong dishes before. But the third dish still disappointed me. As a Chinese, I am sure about that this restaurant is not the real Chinese flavor restaurants, especially Szechuan flavor.My first review was deleted, and justifiably so since I forgot to update it.
Here's the update: I've tried one dish, and it was OK. Tofu in black bean sauce, a cheap standby of mine. I'll try to go again soon to better evaluate it.
Now here's my previous "review":
I'm going to call this my pre-review, review. I'm about to eat Jung's, and I was disheartened to see sub-par recent reviews. Then I read the reviews.
Folks, if your review contains "chow mein," "General Tso's Chicken," and "crab rangoon," you don't have much business reviewing a Chinese restaurant. I really miss the days when the only people who bothered to write things on the internet were ones who actually knew what they were talking about.
Luckily, I read far enough in the reviews to find that the two of the most recent 5-star reviews came from Chinese (American?) people, and a 3rd from someone with experience with the food. The worst part about Yelp is that unlike Amazon, it doesn't allow us to reply to reviews. Otherwise, I would thank the good reviewers, and ask for the address of the bad reviewers so I can send them a Panda Express coupon.This place is disgusting. Our dishes came out cold. Only part of my meal came out, while they screwed up most of everyone's order. ***The worst part about all of this is that my fiancé found a LATEX GLOVE IN HER FOOD. She realized it after she chewed it and everyone immediately lost their appetites and a few of us began dry heaving. We immediately called our server over to report our major problem and she told us that she asked the kitchen about it and that they don't use latex gloves, so they don't know where it came from, WHICH IS EVEN WORSE.*** after expressing our complete disappointment and repulsion, she demanded we pay for our meal and took zero responsibility for what came out of her kitchen. This place should be shut down by the health department. This place is absolutely disgusting and if you are smart enough to scroll down to this review, CHOOSE A MUCH BETTER NEW ORLEANS RESTAURANT THAT IS ONLY A STONES THROW AWAY. This is not the place you want to eat in New Orleans. Spend your money and time in a worthwhile place.Very  disappointing. I order to go from here frequently but the last couple of times were not good at all, gave them another chance last night, shrimp fried rice looked and tasted old like Chinese food you put in fridge and warm up in the microwave. The scallops were inedible and the sauce was way too sweet. So close to me but will need to find another placeThis a bad restaurant. End of story. No (I mean zero) customers on a Saturday night says it all.I'm reviewing this based on their Chinese food. Not the Americanized variety. 
I came in on a Sunday for lunch with a bunch of friends. They don't really do dimsum, but they have a bunch of small dishes that I wanted to try out. I usually go to Panda King on the Westbank for dimsum, but my friend had read in a magazine that Jung's had dimsum. Whoever wrote that article doesn't know what dimsum is. 
EDIT: I have since read that review and I misspoke. It's a northern-style array of breakfast food, which accurately describes Jung's menu. Personally, however, I wouldn't order the scallion pancakes. 
http://www.dimsumcentral.com/the-best-dim-sum-restaurants-in-new-orleans/
Food: We ordered from their "secret menu." I was pretty impressed with the jellyfish and this sliced pork dish we got. I probably won't order their scallion pancakes or the soup dumplings, but they were ok. The fried dumplings were okay too. The Cold Noodles were great. It had peanut sauce in it and was honestly my favorite thing that we got. The rice was standard quality for most Chinese restaurants I go to and a step above the other Chinese restaurants I have been to in Uptown. 
Service: Pretty good. It was fairly empty when we got in and the food was brought out as they were made. They speak Mandarin for any Mandarin speakers reading this review. They were really good about refilling water and tea, but I mean there were only a couple people eating when we went so I can't speak to when they are busy.Too much starch in the sauce used for both the chicken w/ snow pea dish and the chicken with broccoli dish. The consistency was way too thick and viscous. The sauce used in these is not appealing to look at and to eat. The flavor is very underwhelming. Would not order again.I really wanted to like this place, but out of the 5 times my partner and I have ordered take-out from here, I have only liked it once (he has liked it a few more times).  The other times were bland, bland, bland.
This last time was the kicker.  I was craving some General Tso's chicken and was all excited, but when I started munching, there was no taste.  Absolutely NO taste at all.  I would have rather had it taste cr@ppy because then I would have thought they would have tried to do something with it, but there was no taste...it was chicken that didn't even taste like chicken.  It still makes me wonder how there can be some nice gooey sauce that has absolutely no flavor at all?
Also have to mention there is a $15 minimum takeout order which I'm definitely ok with - no worries.  My last order, though, didn't quite come up to that so I thought I'd order some fried won-tons.  Now, this is probably my fault for assuming that there would be some kind of filling in the won-tons, but what came was literally fried won-tons...the wrappers...I received 5 chunks of fried dough. Err, uhmm...blech.
I just can't see spending anymore money here because of the hit or misses I've experienced - no matter how lazy I am and how convenient take-out is, life is too short to eat no-taste food.I ordered food by yelp. Even apps showed my food was here but I never received anything. Contacted restaurant 3 times and the answer I was given was " there is nothing we can help you with". Regardless how the food taste which I never had the chance, I don't think it's a good attitude towards to customers.I used to love their Appetizer tray. I just ordered the appetizer tray and 2 wonton soups for my daughter and I. It was Disgusting! Everything that was fried tasted like gross old grease. One of my Crab Rangoons was hollow. It's hard to screw up Wonton soup, but it tasted old, gross, and reheated. I don't go out of my way to leave reviews, but this was the worst food I've ever had from a restaurant.Oh Lawd...I LOVE Golden Dragon.  I always get the lo-mein and the sesame chicken, but I'm really wanting to try the grand marnier shrimp.  Their lunch specials are valid on Saturdays, so it's the perfect hangover food.  I'm looking forward to branching out and trying more things as their menu is pretty extensive.Wow - to the reviewer who I quote, "It's something of a universal truth that if you see Chinese people eating in a Chinese restaurant, then it's a good choice." (I guess he's stating in reality, "he saw no Chinese people." sort of sounds like a quote from "The Sixth Sense") When we visited Jung's Golden Dragon last night the restaurant was filled up for a Tuesday night, and indeed, most of the tables were filled with Chinese people. 
Anyhoo, on to the real purpose of this review. We were greeted by the Owner who was very friendly, and recommended we order from the traditional Chinese menu, which we did. We ordered the fried dumplings for an appetizer they were the perfect combo of soft and crispy. As for the entrees, I ordered the Singapore Noodles which were nice and spicy with lots of curry flavor, and my hubby order the Jong Pong, traditional Korean soup. I've had the Jong Pong before, and it was really delicious, but beware if you don't like spicy do not get. The best thing about the soup is that it's big enough for two servings, and tastes even better the next day.  Really enjoyed our experience the restaurant was crowded and lively, service was great, and we will be back!It's okay. At best. I'm not saying it's bad... the general tso chicken was actually okay,  albeit different than I'm used to.  This doesn't mean bad... just different. 
I will say the service,  for the most part,  was also good.  What blew my mind,  however,  was this:
I'm allergic to shellfish. Thankfully, it's not a terrible, throat swelling allergy, but it's... umm... we will just say unpleasant. When I ordered my chicken,  I requested steamed rice and told the server (who I think was the owner) that I was allergic and to please not give me shrimp fried rice. 
Well,  thankfully,  he didn't. But I ordered spring rolls in the same breath. No description on the menu (usually they have pork), and I assumed that since he knew I was allergic to shellfish, I would be fine. 
Nope. I took a bite and spit out a shrimp.
Did I chew? No. Did I get sick? A little queasy. But the point is, I was served shellfish after specifically mentioning a shellfish allergy!
That's kind of scary,  considering that shellfish leaves me dehydrated from vomiting and has put me in the hospital before. 
Not this time,  but you never know.  
Will not return.Jung's is great. I highly recommend the Chinese menu. The standard Chinese-American dishes are not spicy art all unless you request it. But the Szechuan dishes have good heat. The pan fried dumplings are outstanding, the eggplant dishes all rock, and the spicy chicken and peppers will light you on fire.Giving this place one star because I have to in order to review it, but it really deserves 0 stars. We were all reluctantly eating our disappointing dishes until one of the people in our group discovered that she was chewing on a piece of a latex glove that was in her food. We all
immediately lost whatever remaining appetites we had. We told the waitress about this and she went into the kitchen. She came back out and rather than apologizing profusely and offering to comp our meals she said "I talked to the people in the kitchen and they don't use any latex gloves so this was from the food supplier" and was trying to leave it at that, as if that's a reasonable explanation. After arguing back and forth she told us to "just go!" and we ended up paying for a beer. Literally the worst dining experience I've ever had in my life.Good old school Chinese.  I love that they have the paper Chinese zodiac place mats.  The entrees are large.  I had the veggie hot pot and it made 3 meals for me.  The veggie egg rolls were tasty, but a little greasy.  Plus I kind of love family run establishments that have multiple generations working together.Jung's claims to have the best chinese food in New Orleans, but I just done see it and I've ate here a few times.  The food is good, but far from great. The prices are reasonable, but not cheap.  The decor, is identical to just about every other chinese restaurant in the states.  The service is good, but nothing special. 
All in all it's probably a bit better than Green Tea but can't compare to Chinese Kitchen.This place is alright. Just alright. They have two fairly extensive menus (one with more traditional/adventurous fare and another featuring the Americanized favorites you have come to know and love) and plenty of vegan/vegetarian options. Service is prompt, polite, and the waitstaff is generally unobtrusive. They had no problem with splitting my table of seven into individual checks at the end of our meal. The bubble tea options are limited and not super 'traditional' (they're more like milkshakes) but they're not bad. 
So, just alright. Which is fine if you're looking for a place to eat somewhere that doesn't have very many options available to you but if you're in the neighborhood this restaurant is in than you have PLENTY of other, better choices. Unless you really have a hankering for mediocre Chinese food in which case - you'll love Golden Dragon.These clowns crushed my food with 2 cold bottles of water and the delivery person was so lazy she wouldn't get out of the car and wanted me to meet her on the road to get the delivery. The food was cold, and the bag was ripped and dripping. Zero stars if I could.I ordered two orders of spring rolls, 1 vegetarian fried rice (for my vegetarian girlfriend), and one shrimp fried rice through Doordash. I received the rolls, the shrimp fried rice, and the combination fried rice, this after the delivery gal told me what the original order was they had made for me (3 orders of rolls, 1 rice???). This left me with the combo rice, an upset partner, and loads more shrimp from her dish to mine. 
Don't get me wrong: The food is good. Just make sure to eat at the establishment itself and judge the service for what it is there, because anything they deliver to you outside of it will almost certainly be incorrect. I won't be ordering from there again.My husband wanted chinese tonight. I did not feel like waiting for an order after work so I checksd ubereats. Found this place with good lunch specials before 3p the lunch is under 10 bucks. I ordered chicken and brocolli with egg drop soup for hubby and general tsao chicken for me with chinese rice and egg roll. I mean, not really PF Changin or even Chinese Kitchen but it was fast, convenient and reasonable on my wallet. My hubby really liked the soup so we may try this as a regimen to get delivered to my job and I bring home for dinner. Lunch for dinner lol.We ordered for delivery and the food was very disappointing.  The wrong sauce was sent for the sweet and sour chicken, but even the chicken itself was so chewy and dry that we could barely eat it. The pork fried rice had no flavor and tasted old, even though they charged us extra to substitute the pork rice for the shrimp rice. Unfortunately, I would not recommend this place to anyone.So, reading most of these reviews, I have no idea what they are talking about. It's hard finding a really authentic Chinese place that hasn't been washed out with the American standards of Chinese food. One of my foodie friends introduced me here a few months ago and said, 'You HAVE to come here." So one night after work, we came here, and lemme tell you, it was great.
They first gave us their regular menu, but I knew a little better and asked for their traditional menu. No sweet and sour chicken for me. We ordered the Crispy Hunan Fish which was a really delicious treat. A huge portion of fried, boneless fish on top of a sweet, salty, savory sauce. It was WONDERFUL. And we paired that with something really simple-- and green to balance out the fried food-- which was Chinese Broccoli with Oyster sauce. It was cooked just right, crunchy and not too much oyster sauce. We also got the dumplings-- ten for eight dollars! It was such a steal, and we couldn't resist. You could tell they were made fresh and not from a frozen food bag just by how they came on the plate. Nice, succulent, and a really good size.
The servers are all really nice and pretty much know me by now since I come in just about every week. I've never seen them mistreat customers or anything. And the owner-- Ms. Jung-- she's a sweet and really talkative lady. If you never know what to order, ask her. She really knows her stuff. My friends and I [a group of three] spent two hours in her restaurant just eating and speaking to her. She's told us about her upcoming trip to China and invited us to come, and I'm definitely going to take her up on her offer.
The atmosphere could be a little nicer, but it definitely isn't horrible at all. Just looks like ever other Asian restaurant. But the food is excellent. The people are great and friendly, and I don't see how anyone could give this place any less than four stars. :]]Best Szechuan in America  go in and eat off the authentic menu as good as a I remember in Taiwan when I lived there! Best service too!