Had a disappointing experience. I have years of experience in the restaurant industry and understand the difficulty of opening a restaurant. I hope they can adjust a few things quickly at Justine. 
First, our table was ready and we were sat quickly, and the hostess commented with a sigh of relief, "At least your table is ready." The ambience is very cool, and I love the vibe of the decor. We sat and about 10 minutes later we were greeted by our server. He was very pleasant and clearly experienced, but overwhelmed with how long drinks and food were taking for his tables. 
We ordered a bottle of wine, and I thought the wine list was solid. Good choices in a range of prices. 
We ordered the oysters en perseillade and bone marrow app. It took about 30 minutes to receive our appetizers. The oysters were cooked perfectly and my favorite dish of the night. The bone marrow was over cooked and the marrow was lost in the mashed potatoes, which were average potatoes. We sadly sent back the marrow, because we could not find any. If the marrow was laid to the side and cut differently, the dish could work. 
For entrees, which took about 45 minutes after appetizers, we ordered the short ribs, spinach gratin, and shrimp en papillote. The short ribs and spinach were very good. The shrimp were raw, cold and brown. I had to send it back and obviously sending out raw food is not ok. Instead of putting it in another piece of paper and placing them back into the oven, they grilled the shrimp and did not cook the vegetables again that were in the paper with the raw shrimp. I sent it back a second time, because I did not order grilled shrimp and because of the vegetables. I assume the kitchen thought this was ok, but I was very excited to see this on the menu and would not have ordered grilled shrimp. This was the main reason I was disappointed, having a major problem with a main dish and not fixing it correctly. Food integrity should be important to a chef and his kitchen. Although a manager came by after the food was sent back, a manager should have dropped off the food the second time. I felt so bad for our server.  I ordered the mussels instead and they were typical mussels. We had the gateau for dessert and it was great. 
I suggest waiting and let the kitchen work out the kinks before dining here. Also, be prepared to wait for your food on busy nights. From my view, the beef entrees are what work best. I sadly won't be returning.Fun place. Food was good service was a little slow. But the workers are very friendly I think it's just a busy place!Stumbled across this restaurant in the French quarter. Beyond one of the best restaurants I've been to in a long time. Order the Croque Monsieur, and its was unbelievable. The service and atmosphere could not be any better. Already planning my next trip back to New Orleans just to come back.This is one of the most beautiful restaurant spaces in New Orleans! The food is absolutely amazing and definitely did not disappoint. The service still has a few kinks to work out- it seemed that the wait staff was under- supported for the size of the restaurant. It was also a bit weird to invest in multiple burlesque dancers (which honestly I could do without while eating dinner) walking around plus a DJ when there aren't enough people to serve. I'll definitely return though as the food was amazing!Justine is a newer French restaurant in NOLA and I was excited to try it when I came to visit friends! They had been here a few times and have enjoyed the drinks and food. 
Upon entry, the restaurant is immaculately decorated. It's hip yet French. Definitely the vibes of a more upscale restaurant. They also had dancers to add to the vibe. 
In regards to the food, we had the steak tartare which was good. My friends have had this several times and said it's one of the best. I ordered a couple drinks with one being a classic daiquiri which was super tasty. Both drinks were strong and a good value compared to what I'm used to paying in the DC area.  For dinner, I ordered the croque monsieur and this was AMAZING. The bread was covered in Gruyere cheese and yet the bread wasn't too soft. It was perfect. I would come back to NOLA just for this sandwich alone. I also ordered fries on the side and they were good too. More of a shoestring french fry. For dessert, we split the banana creme. Also a solid choice. 
Overall, I would definitely come back here when I visit the city! I'm deducting a star since the service was a little slow and took a while to order another drink.The decor is stunning and well thought out. The front of the house (where the bar is located) is pretty noisy, but the back dining area is quiet. I recommend dining in the back if you're trying to engage in conversation. The food was really great but nothing to write home about. The drinks were amazing (the highlight of our dinner) but it shouldn't take over 20 minutes to get a French 75. We were told the bar was backed up by 30 tickets. I have no idea what that means, but it sounds like they need more bartenders. For only being open for two weeks, I'd say this place is average with the potential to be over the top.  We'll try it again in a few months.Great atmosphere, beautiful restaurant! The design deserves 5 stars. The food was good but the croque monseuir I ordered was mostly bread. Barely any ham or sauce. The side salad was delicious. French onion soup was good. 
I was mostly disappointed with the staff for this style restaurant. You can see in the kitchen, and the cooks were constantly eating the food while cooking it. Also, our waiter was not attentive at all and lacked knowledge of the food and cocktail menu. Would go back but needs improvement for price.We were in town for Endymion and met up with our crew mates for brunch. We started at the bar and had a great time thru the meal. The food was excellent. The steak tartare was to DIE for!!!  I can't remember what I ate but my wife had chicken fried in duck fat. It was damn good. Friends had some egg dishes that were fantastic. Lots of good beverages to help you not remember what you ate, obviously:) They had some local artist do some on the wall artwork which gave the place a unique feel. Plus a DJ spinning some tunes. We will be back!My wife and I came here for our anniversary dinner and we had one of the best dining experiences. I mentioned while making our reservation that it was our anniversary and every staff member we encountered wished us happy anniversary. We were also treated to complimentary drinks. The service throughout the night was impeccable, everyone was so friendly and engaging, and they really made us feel special on a special night. The food was just as good as the service, if not better. We also loved the fun lively atmosphere. Overall, we had a wonderful evening and we will definitely be coming back. Thanks!Awesome experience at this new eatery in the Quarter.  The salad Nicoise was devine.  Bright, classy and affordable luxury.  A+unique and beautiful concept! Great drinks. Could have spent the whole night just hanging out.Pricey but some things are worth it. Don't go cheap because those tend to be the less great items- such as the French dip sandwich. Two at our table got it and they both didn't think it was good. I had the steak au poivre and it's amazing!! Worth the $! The French onion soup is delicious! Octopus ceviche with grapefruit was ok, we didn't end up finishing it. We wish there was something chocolate on the dessert menu but to our  surprise there was nothing! What?!Visited this restaurant over an extended weekend an only the eighth day of this restaurant being open. I want to say the food, cocktails, atmosphere, and service were fantastic. For a newer restaurant this group did a fantastic job. I visited this restaurant with four other guests and there were no complaints what so ever. The server did make a very small error when it came to on individuals meal, but she quickly had it resolved and made the situation right. I would highly recommend to everyone. When back in the New Orleans area I will defiantly come back to this restaurant.I love this place! From the decor to the drinks, the meal and dessert. The service was great too. This place is beautifully designed. Just gorgeous. Madeline, our server/bartender, concocted us a cocktail off the menu. It, too, was beautiful and delicious. New Orleans is not stingy with their alcohol at all!!!! We ordered the French onion soup, Justine burger, and the almond cookie de creme (I think that was the name) everything, was PERFECTION!!! we couldn't stop talking about the food. Madeline was so sweet to recommend us other places just as good.  Great job to the team at JustineOne star for taking my meal off the bill. I have been reading about this restaurant for some time and was anticipating a great experience.  However, although the ambience is youthful and fun, the service is extremely slow and the food is a bore.  After ordering our fairly good cocktails we asked if there was bread for the table.  We received two heated rolls with butter, that's right two, one for each person!  While waiting for our meal, all of a sudden a beautiful "burlesque" Vegas/Showgirl shows up with a feathered fan and sexy costume and starts dancing for all of us who had no clue why she was there!!  After finally getting my chicken fried in duck fat, which was nearly burnt and the chicken inside was tasteless and inedible.  I had also ordered potato purée which mysteriously did not show up with the entree until I asked for them.  The waiter and manager both asked if I wanted something else and I didn't at this point, guessing I would have to wait another hour to get it while my guest had already finished her meal, which was ok but not great.  The manager said he would not charge me for the meal which was very gracious.  I suggest Justine's owners focus on what this restaurant is to be, a French Bistro, Cafe or Burlesque Parlor (at least get a stage).  The service must be amped up and the chef needs to be more consistent and/or more experienced.  Popeye's makes a better fried chicken than this place.Decor / ambiance is 5 stars. Food is 2.  I really wanted to like the food but it was bad.  The shrimp papilliotte was bland, unseasoned and small.  Came with nothing. For $24, excuse my French, but wtf.  I'm sure it will be off the menu soon.  Burger was sub par, served cold, nothing special about it and the fries had no flavor.  And it was $18. We also had the tartare, lobster app and tuna salad. All lacked flavor.  Nothing was great. They were also out of the daily special which was very disappointing because that's what I had planned on ordering.  Guess I'm used to good New Orleans food and my standards are high.  Sadly, I wouldn't go again if it was on my own dime....We happened on this place after a jazz show and wanted to avoid the standard bourbon street messes.  Made it right before closing, got the last few seats at the bar.  Wow! Felt like we were in a great big city bar, very different from what i thought was available here. Outstanding drinks, bartenders were very attentive late at night. The 1789 was excellent. Also had some oysters here, pricy but clearly fresh and very tasty.  Loved the ambience and escape from the assault on the senses you otherwise expect in the French quarter on a late saturday.The DeVilliers have done it again! Went to their New Year's Eve spectacular. Amazing prime rib (best I've had in NOLA) and lobster. Can't wait to try their coq au vin.Service at the bar was just ok. We got a tuna narcoise salad which was very good. Didn't like seeing foie grass on the menu.  I'm an animal advocate so that didn't sit well. Was good to check out given they're fairly new. Beautiful inside but just overpriced.  Not one of our favorites. Probably won't go back.If you are looking for authentic and delicious French cuisine, this is it! I chose Justine for my 50th birthday dinner and it did not disappoint! All six in our party chose different dishes and all six were fantastic!Five stars for ambience! And the food is great too. We came by here at night and it looked like a funky place to dine..fast forward to the following morning and we decided to have brunch. 
Walking in, it's an overload of your visual senses! Gorgeous interior (and patio as well). The menu was a French classic with some New Orleans flare. Brunch turned into lunch and the burger looked too good to pass up! And it was a good burger, probably what made it more unique was the side of homemade Dijon. My friend had the steak tartare which was very good as well.
Would love to come here and sit on the patio next time to people watch as I dine and drink!This was an amazing experience. Decor feels like an art gallery!  Food was unbelievable!  Had the French Dip. Service was wonderful. Highly recommend!I honestly wanted to give this place zero stars!!! I waited over an hour for a well done steak and it comes to the table COLD!! Both the steak and fries were cold. The waiter was cold.  He avoided our table for a good 30 min.  I was at the point of almost walking out.  
Please try another restaurant!  Do not waste your time nor money coming in here. I've been here for two hours HUNGRY AS HELL!  Very disappointed.  Willie's Chicken here i come!!!
By the way. Our server's name was Chris.  Avoid his section if you can. He's gonna twirl around the whole restaurant without checking in on you. If you have a problem he is definitely not coming back.Great French onion soup very inviting environment the rest of the menu looked amazing with things like boullibasse and one of my favorite salad nicoise which I will go back for Definitely. the only downfall was dessert I was really craving something decadent and chocolate and the only chocolate on the menu was ice cream but other than that it was very very goodBeautiful design, art, entertainment, staff, customers, and of course food...  The late night menu is a little limited but the food is wonderful and impecably presented.  Excellent cocktails too.  Burlesque dancers add to the fun.  Best dining place we've experienced in New Orleans.This place is cute. I came here to have lunch and it was a beautiful day. We had an amazing table near the entrance and had the window/door open. Service was excellent. I ordered the French onion soup and it was really rich. There was lots of cheese and it was nicely browned. I also had a bit of the nicoise salad. It was ok. I enjoyed the dressing it had, but wasn't a fan of the pieces of tuna used. I meant to check out the decor that was further inside, but forgot to. However my cousin said it was really nice inside.Great service and amazing food. Can't wait to come back. The fries, burger, and chicken were all fantastic. The waiter was very attentive and accommodating to everyone's needs.Everything was great,  no complaints on anything.  Food was cooked perfectly and season well.  Some of the beat tar tar i have had in the cityThe atmosphere of the restaurant was okay but the intended burlesque vibe was off put by loud music which made the guests talk even louder just to carry a conversation. Our server was really nice! She was obviously overwhelmed by how long food and drinks were taking to be made. I'm a server myself so I felt for her there. The "Burlesque" dancer was a little off putting because it felt like it didn't have to much of a purpose or an introduction. We thought she was just some drunk woman swirling around the restaurant until we found out they actually pay her to do that. Lmao. I'm sure she was nice enough but everyone in the restaurant was avoiding eye contact so they didn't attract her to their table. I feel like the owners should figure out a way to present the dancer with a little more structure and then it would make some more sense. It's not a bad idea but the execution is just awkward. The food itself was okay. Not bad but compared to the rest of the cuisine in New Orleans, nothing to write home about. The menu itself is brilliant and the chef obviously has a real eye for what he WANTS to serve, but unfortunately the food itself (although fresh and quality) did not bring the descriptions to life. I might come back in a few months after they've gotten their bearings and taken in some feedback.Absolutely fantastic dining experience -- and it was an experience! When I arrived for my reservation on 2/1, about a week after opening, the restaurant was packed. Although my table wasn't yet ready, I was able to grab a seat at the bar and enjoy a truly delicious cocktail. The name escapes me, but it was made with lemon chartreuse and gin -- something with fizz in the name, I think? Regardless, it was fantastic. Quite possibly would be my favorite part of the evening if the service weren't absolutely out of this world. Our waitress and hostess were completely lovely. Keep an eye out for a young woman named Darriante hosting if you are there -- her warm smile and welcoming energy really makes the place!
The food is fantastic. Its arrival was a bit slow, but that's to be expected -- they are turning over 400 tables within one week of opening, so I imagine the kitchen is still finding its feet. Didn't impact the quality of the food, though! Even though I couldn't finish everything (typical for me, I never finish my meals it appears), and therefore didn't order dessert, I was extremely satisfied. 
Can't wait to return! Probably will within the next few weeks.The escargot was amazing as well as the burger and the lobster raviolo. I feel like the pané isn't quite there yet but still very enjoyable. I think the food is definitely four stars but the drink menu and service were superb with an absolutely unique and gorgeous atmosphere. I will definitely be back and will recommend this to all my friends and visitorsAmazing from start to finish! The hostess was happy to seat us at a table despite not having reservations. We were greeted in a timely manner, offered water and cocktails/wine. We needed a few dishes explained and our server was happy to help and very descriptive. The timing between apps and entrees was on point. (We didn't give our server the full order at once.) Our server, runners, and other servers worked together to make our experience fabulous. Management stopped by twice to ensure we were having a positive night. The ambiance! From d.j. to decor to smiling employees. Chef has perfected his menu selections: everything tasted wonderful, leaving you wanting more. Thank you Justine for making an ordinary Sunday night extraordinary.Nice modern twist on the classic French brasserie.....upbeat music, cool decor, classic menu and great great service.  Trout almondine was excellent as were the pommes purees.Really great experience. Went in right at 11 Am, was greeted by many friendly patrons, sat at the bar, and ordered two drinks. Both drinks were really unique experiences, and both I would not find anywhere else. My husband and I ordered the burger and French onion soup. Pretty much died and went to heaven with each bite. The atmosphere was unique, elegant, and welcoming. Super cute, chic, and a hot spot many don't know about. Overall, a great experience and definitely will be sending family and friends here.We ordered 4 items. Good food, small portions and nothing to warrant going back. Don't see how this restaurant will survive in New Orleans. The French onion soup was way too sweet and heavy on onion. Just not a good balance. The Lobster Raviolo was delicious, but for $28, overpriced. The single ravioli was filled with "pieces" of Lobster. The duck confit was also a good dish, but more of a tapas size. The entree salad we ordered was good. You will leave this restaurant hungry, after spending a good amount of $$. Not worth it.We enjoyed dinner last night.  The restaurant is beautiful and tastefully decorated.  The food was very good, I had the short ribs which I enjoyed very much.  Others in my party had the filet and ribeye steaks and very  enjoyed them.  The service is not quite there yet but that is to be expected for a restaurant which has only been open a few weeks.  The busser removed our bread and bread plates and ramekens of ketchup before our meal arrived.  I think he misjudged and thought we were finished our meal.  Also, when I arrived to our table in the back of the restaurant, I still had my umbrella in my hand and I asked the waiter if there was a place that he could store it for me and he told me I could take it to the hostess stand.  I thought it was odd he didn't offer to take it for me.  Other than that we had a nice meal and I would try it again.I've been having such a nice culinary experience in the past 3 days in our trip to New Orleans until I got here. I waited over and HOUR to get the entrée. When I finally got the shrimp en papilliote, there were just 4!!! I had to pay $24 for 4 shrimps and four pieces of veggies. So so disappointed. There are so many good places around the French quarter, avoid Justine at all cost!Overall food, service, and ambiance were good, however, with so many other outstanding restaurants in NOLA they definitely a solid middle tier player. I was a bit concerned by the reviews of bad service, but I can gladly say that they must have made a lot of improvements and trained their team better since our experience was solid. Always a good sign that the restaurant is constantly looking for way to improve. 
A restaurant that specializes in classic French technique certainly served up some delectable dishes. While not all dishes were a hit I truly enjoyed the overall experience. A few highlights and must get are: Lobster Tartine, Poisson Amandine (the texture, and flavor!), and Pots de Creme (so creamy). The Duck Confit and Foie Gras Torchon were good, but not the best I had. Finally, the Petite Filet Au Poivre was really underwhelming and really lacking in flavor, avoid at all cost.
I wouldn't say I'd come out of my way to come back with so many options out there, but if you haven't been, definitely worth a taste.Love the atmosphere, the drinks, the food, and the staff!! Happened upon the restaurant and loved every minute of it.  The late night atmosphere involves a dressed up and entertaining the customers. The music was turned up for the late night hours and was a great background that fits the New Orleans vibe. We all loved our drinks and were treated to a personal visit to our table from the manager, Randy, to make sure everything was exceptional. Out waiter, Bill, was super attentive and the food was amazing.This has got to be one of most exciting new restaurants in NOLA to date. The ambiance is beautiful, vibrant and fun. The decor is gorgeous and complements the delicious fare. Our first visit was so nice that we quickly went back for a second visit and weren't disappointed!Described as "Parisian Style Brasserie"and it truly lives up to that.  You walk in and to your left is a bright and airey room called the Cafe that overlooks Charters St. then a large dining room and bar.  Old Parisian art stenciled on the walls of the cafe just add to the ambiance.  Started with the Salad Maison with a red wine vinaigrette and the addition of fresh herbs,  dill and mint, made for a great start.  Went with the Moules Frites  ( mussels and fries) very classical Brasserie food of mussels steamed in white wine and herbs with some onion and garlic. They were excellent and has crisp french bread with a great presentation in a huge covered "pot". Other classic Brasserie choices included French Onion Soup, Steak Tartare, Croque Monsier, Salad Nicoise and Duck Confit  (similar to Cassoulet) and some daily specials as Coq au Vin and Bouillabaise just being 2. Giana was excellent server and with a full bar and excellent wine list it was a great experience.I had a great experience here. Was walking around the French Quarter trying to find something familiar(ish), and was super attracted to the ambiance here. Super cute, vibrant French themed restaurant. 
My server, whose name is slipping my mind, was so sweet, and helped me find some great gumbo spots in the city (thank you!). I ordered the moules frites, which was to my liking - I could sip the sauce by the spoonful. 
The cocktails were also interesting. Really well made, and straight to the point.A ton of style but unfortunately not a lot of substance to back it up. We enjoyed our meal and loved the attentive manager, but the food was pretty forgettable bistro fare. I wouldn't tell anyone *not* to eat here, but in a city filled with insanely delicious and diverse food, I would be hard pressed to go back. They are new, so maybe they'll step it up in the coming months. It's a gorgeous space though, so maybe pop in for a drink and some oysters at the bar.The restaurant has a beautiful ambiance and atmosphere. The staff was incredibly welcoming and super nice. They even gave my girlfriend a plate to take home because she has the same name as the Restaurant! Overall, the food was really good and I will definitely be going there everytime I come to New Orleans to visit!The poulet pane (fried chicken $21) shines,   while the French dip ($18) is merely okay. Service is terrific and ambiance is top.The most amazing, delicious, and unique creme brûlée.  It has a different name "honey vanilla pot du creme". It's a must get.
Excellent cocktails.  My husband ordered 3 "silent fizz"
I got the burger.  It was a little dry, but there is a sauce you can dip it in.  I'm just more of a classic ketchup and burger person.
Great atmosphere to chill and chat with friends.Yikes... Burger was so burnt . Ambience is cute , service seems slow. I would recommend tasting things before you bring them out .not sure if it's a training issue with food. Burger King has better tasting burgers.I booked this reservation on Opentable over a month ago on 9/2 for my birthday dinner on 10/10 for 2 specifically requesting a table in the dining area. Once we arrived for our 7pm reservation we waited 20 minutes until the hostess tried to seat us in the cafeteria area and did not acknowledge my birthday. Once we denied that seating, they told us they are only seating large groups in the dining area and proceeded to seat us in front of the kitchen in a booth which minded me of being in a diner. Being that I reserved this reservation over a month in advance and saw smaller groups in the dining area this wasn't accommodating and the service they provided was extremely terrible. Food was OK. The two stars are for our waiter (don't remember his name) who was great and magic mike who came to our table to perform some magic tricks due to our waiter telling him so. There are far more restaurants in New Orleans to celebrate your birthday with excelling service to make a memorable experience. Don't waste your time or money here!A perfect dining experience from start to finish. The place was packed. The two of us had no reservations as I didn't know exactly when my friend and I would be available to dine. The hostess was very sweet and offered a seat at the bar. Just as we received our cocktails (I had an amazing fruit infused martini) the gentleman sitting next to my friend paid and offered me his seat. Having no reservations we were content to eat at the bar. Just then one of the servers, Chris, tapped my friend on the shoulder and said "Follow me." He led us to a long family-style table in front of the kitchen which we had to ourselves. The food was amazing. I had a lobster salad served on bread that was wonderful. I also had the short rib that was fall- off-the - bone tender. (I've also heard the bone marrow is a must.) My friend had the octopus which had a really nice tangy flavor. She also had a perfectly seasoned fish amandine. Chris paired our dishes perfectly with wine suggestions. For dessert we shared the crime brûlée. Perfect ending. Chris was fun and entertaining. But to add to the entertainment were 3 individual burlesque-style fan dancers. The place just exudes fun. The decor is fun and funky. Imagine Vegas meets a 50's strip club on Bourbon St. Justine's has been on my bucket list since it opened. My friend was treating me to a belated 60th birthday dinner. I could not have chosen a better place! PS. I mentioned to Chris what a fun vibe the place had and asked how he liked working there. He said in his 30 years of restaurant work he can finally say that he really enjoys where he works. As a fellow restaurant worker, for a server to offer such accolades speaks volumes!This is an incredible place! I initially went because my name is Justine so of course the restaurant intrigued me. However, this restaurant exceeded my expectations. The decor, music, vibes, staff, service, food were all incredible! My favorite restaurant as of now! I am from out of town and am so sad that I won't be able to come here as often as I'd like. Seriously such an amazing experience.Amazing food, service and atmosphere. 
We all had different menu items and not one of us was disappointed.     
Our server was very informative and an absolute delight! 
Our favorite dinner in New Orleans!Beautiful place with a French flare menu. You will not be disappointed with whatever you order. Although not into desserts I did partake in a few bites and was equally pleased. Its traditional dishes with a new take is the best explanation I have for the style of food.Well well well, while looking for food my mom and I stumbled across this place. I have to say this was EXACTLY what I was looking for in my first NOLA food experience. OMG, the maitre d was to die for and so sweet and our waiter Lee! That's my boy, thank you so much for making our experience so special. Not only was he so sweet and full of wine knowledge (for real ask him!) he made sure to let us know of all the great spots around town. 
Now the food! I'm sorry but I just melted for the food. The ambiance was adorable and chic! I sound like I've never been anywhere before and I'm from Los Angeles. I can't sing the praises of this place enough.Everything about this place was amazing! The service, the food, and the atmosphere. It is a unique take on French style food, that is great for anyone wanting to try something different! This is the second time I eat here, and will def come again!AMAZING EXPERIENCE! Came here for my birthday dinner (haha ‍) and we were a party of 12. From the moment we walked in the door till the second we left we were treated so attentively. Our waitress was fabulous. Enthusiastic service with a smile! Great selection of French wines and the interior of the restaurant was stunning. I had the amandine and it's one of the best I've ever had! My friend got the French onion soup as an appetizer, and I had a taste. It's now one of my favorite French onion soups and I'm definitely getting it on my next visit!
Disclaimer: my review is based on the excellent service all of us had and the quality of my meal personally. However, a couple friends got the steak au poivre and were disappointed as they said there was too much pepper that it overpowered the flavor of the filet mignon. Otherwise no complaints from our large group!I've been dying to go here for a bit now. We finally got a group together and made it after the Saints game. I used to post quite a lot, but just haven't been that thrilled with anything to do so...until yesterday. I love the way it's decorated. Perfect for all those insta-worthy pics!  The wait staff did a good job. The sommelier gave us a great recommendation for a French red wine. We were also given a free tuna app (we ended up ordering another one because it was that damn good)!  We also ordered the octopus ceviche which was okay and the foie gras (yum) and pork belly (also good...I thought a couple bites were a little dry personally). The French onion soup was the star of the show. My husband doesn't even like that kind of soup and said it was delicious!  I had the mussels as my main meal (pretty good). Everyone else at the table enjoyed their entrees more. Multiple saying that it was the beat burger they'd ever had!  The short ribs and duck were enjoyable as well. I thought the duck needed sole sort of glaze or sauce. Way to go!I read a number of bad reviews about this place, especially regarding poor service and cold food. We didn't have any of that when we dined there for the first time for our anniversary. Our waiter was extremely nice and attentive as was the maitre d and the entire staff. The food was very good and came out quickly and hot. And the restaurant was lovely and fun. We shared the onion soup and tuna nicoise salad for starters. The soup was delicious as was the salad. And both were very ample in size. I had a ribeye steak which was perfectly cooked and my wife had the mussels. She liked them alot.
On the other hand on the way out we ran into some friends also eating there that night.  They had a lousy waiter who brought the wrong food twice as well as the wrong bill. And they complained to the maitre d who couldnt have cared less. They  say they will never be back. So who knows?Sorry to say the hype and my excitement didn't match the food: Onion Soup was watery lacking its typical rich base, my entree of Gulf Shrimp en Papilotte consisted of 5 shrimpy shrimp, the Croque Monsieur could have been open faced because the brioche bread was way too thick aka too much bread, and the starter bread rolls were hard. Drinks were solid except for the blue cheese stuffed olives which tasted pre-made from a jar. 
Service lacked guidance not being familiar with having tried most dishes... and I had to get up to ask for a spoon for my Oysters Perseillade. Incidentally, the oysters were seemingly flavorlessly boiled separately before being dumped into the tiny lidded pot which did have a decent sauce/soup requiring the spoon. 
Burlesque was untethered to the loud conversational brasserie vibe and the DJ's music further displaced any attempt at a period-mood. Finally the dancers got awkward looks from some of the female patrons. Place needs time and has potential.The filet-minion was soooo tender and delicious! Service I truly believe should be better. 
A friend ordered the espresso and it was really bad, so don't order expresso. Mashed potatoes were so yummy too.Excellent food, service and ambiance. Everyone was telling us that was the new great place in town so we went in there with high expectations. They were met and then some. Server was Chris, who was obviously tired due to Jazzfest tourism, but worked hard to stay friendly and engaging and did a great job at that. Oysters, Hamburger and Croque Monsieur were all excellent. My wife loved the 80's music that accompanied the amazingly decorated restaurant. You'll have to see it to believe it.Great food! Don't be too alarmed by prices, as portions are good! Opted for a large salad and burger to keep things light before a tour, and paired with Old Rasputin imperial Stout. Definitely recommend for the vibe and cleanliness, and be sure to ask for the front area seating!Watery martini.  Fois gras not so much liver as a stick of butter. Bad burger. Nice Yellowfin.  Nice tarter. Otherwise meh. Don't bother.Let's start with the positive-
Very nice interior and outdoor seating
Negative-
It took around five minutes to be greeted at the door when it wasn't busy.
Waiter was rude and stand-offish from the moment we were seated. 
Food was coldThe food was amazing!  I had beef short ribs and they were cooked and prepared to beyond my expectation.  The old fashion is best in the city.We had drinks and dessert here. Cute atmosphere. They even had a dancer who was dressed in a classy way for being a burlesque style dancer. She just walked around with a large fan. Made me feel like I was in an old movie from the 1960's. Unfortunately, both the drinks and dessert were disappointing so we don't plan on going back.My friend had Justine on his short-list of restaurants we wanted to check out while in NOLA. We ended up sitting down for dinner there on a Monday night, with the restaurant about 1/2 full. The hostesses (there were two) were not particularly warm or welcoming when we walked in and asked for a table of five. Admittedly we were not as nicely dressed as some other patrons, but the tone was both off-putting and condescending considering that the restaurant was not anywhere near capacity. We were sat in the back dining area only to see other patrons dressed similarly casual. Our waitress however was extremely relaxed and helpful. She made some great suggestions for the drinks menu, and was attentive the entire time. We all ordered the Justine burger, and two dozen oysters for the table. Both were absolutely delicious. The burger was perfectly seasoned and cooked, and the oysters were big and fresh. The dining experience itself was wonderful, once we got past the hostesses. Worth checking out for the Justine burger and some great cocktails.Amazing service (shout out to Thomas), great food, cocktails and great atmosphere! A BIG fan of this restaurant group. The Foie Gras with poached Pear is a must!! Looking forward to our next visitThis place sadly deserves a lower star rating than 1 star. I waited an hour for a $28 bland and cold short rib and when I got it I wasn't even hungry anymore. This restaurant is the perfect example of entrepreneurs thinking the architecture and interior design is the only priority and not the food and that's why this restaurant was the worst food I had in New Orleans, we just wanted to eat fast and leave. There's many amazing restaurants in the French Quarter and this is not one of them.It's rare that I wish for a 6th star, a place like this is really that special. Was a perfect night, exactly as you would expect from a fine dining restaurant. I have never had a steak that was cooked better unbelievably tender and the portions are huge. My wife ordered the mussels and couldn't finish them, a first. Everything was top notch, food, atmosphere and service!Kind of mediocre tasting for the price. I'm not sure what was up with the mustached hipster DJs at 6 p.m.There's no better party around than the French Quarter during carnival.  Drinks are endless; music and parties appear spontaneously;  eating is almost a chore, a sad obligation to take you away from the bright raging mess going down at all times and in every direction.  
 I had a few hits of Lemon Kush before dipping into Justine the Sunday before Mardi Gras.  Usually, in my state, I would've been a bit self conscious approaching the host stand of such a brightly lit restaurant.  But she was working a service during Mardi Gras, I figured, and had surely seen worse.  
 Justine is broken into a few different sections.  Walking in, you pass through the patio, where randoms off the street and likewise unqualified persons are seated.  The main room is for our average, more respectable guest spending $50-$80 a head, and the more sophisticated dining room in the back feels like a refuge for people who want to take the meal seriously.  All of this makes sense, but it would be nice if the restaurant weren't so obvious about it.  I had a reservation, and still had to negotiate with the hostess to not sit next to some drunk idiots on the patio.  She obliged with a knowing smile and seated me in general population instead. 
 Cocktails were nice; thoughtfully crafted and hand delivered by either the bartender or the captain or some other such well dressed individual who was not our server.  I don't generally like meeting people while high but this was a nice touch.  
 Our server tolerated my stupid menu questions with a smile, and then recommended a few items:  Oysters En Perseillade, Gulf Fish Amandine, Onion Soup Gratinee.  I briefly lost track of time, and spiraled into a debate with myself over why the kitchen declined to call it French Onion Soup.  Did they want to spice things up?  Maybe they thought it was repetitive to call put a "French" prefix on a dish being served in the French Quarter?  Whatever.  All of those would do and thank you, patient server.  
 The Gulf Fish was not what I'd hoped for.  It was good, but only had a notes of flavor going for it.  I expect all $30 seafood entrees in New Orleans to be mind blowing and this didn't hit the marks.  A misorder for sure.  The Soup was cozy and easy to love, I worked through it slowly, deliciously.  It was so rich I almost couldn't finish it.  The Oysters were some of the best I've ever had.  My mind was so thoroughly blown I debated doubling down.  They tasted how I imagined the best escargot in the world might.  Bravo.  (For the record, this is not the sequence I received the food.)
 Justine is a nice addition to the French Quarter (as far as this tourist is concerned).  The food and atmosphere are refined enough for an important meal, and casual to the point that the likes of me could make it through unscathed.  There are plenty of famously important places to eat in New Orleans, and Justine is in the cards.I loved the interior of this restaurant as well as the ambiance.  We had reservations and our table was a good one.
We had onion soup $14, Bone Marrow $13, Justine Burger $18, Duck Confit $28 along with wine.   Nothing stood out, the burger was the biggest disappointment, especially for the price.  Our server was new and forgot one of the dishes and dirty plates were slow to clear.   This is a newer restaurant so maybe we will try again later in the year.  It was A-Ok though.  Maybe better for a drink at the bar.Absolutely one of the most wonderful meals I've had. The atmosphere is chic without being over the top. There is a DJ that's keeps the mood right. So many little things I can't describe that make this a great place to enjoy a unique dinner. As for that, I had the Morrocan short rib dish which was amazing. Fall off the bone with such flavor. I'm challenged to find a better meal for the three days I'm here. Thank you Justine's for an amazing dinner experience.Wow! This is an amazing restaurant! Order the Tuna appetizer and the Moroccan Short Rib. It's enough for one person, and the portions are a good size along with the sides. The restaurant is beautiful, and the service is incredible. We are travelers, and the waiters gave us recommendations for nearby restaurants and attractions. Incredible food, staff, and design, I would recommend Justine to anyone.We walked in at 910. Seated fast and so far great service. We ordered drinks and dinner no problem. Appetizers came and there was no issue. Everything great. Fastest forward to 1117. Just got food. Too mad and over dinner. Short rib cold along with potatoes. Prime rib so so. Asked for manger. We did not eat our dinner and he was there in 5 min. He removed dinners. Charged for everything else. Big Saturday night in Nola wasted away while we could have have good service and good food at so many other places. Including one of Justin's other restaurants.  $75 for tomatoes and soup and 3 drinks. No dinner. It's not the money. It's the time wasted on a 2 day trip to Nola. Also, this was our 2nd bad experience here. Time to post a review. Bad reviews are not my norm.We had SUCH an amazing dinner here. The fried chicken dinner was so perfect with the remoulade and frisée. The drinks were cute and that whipped butter for the bread, oh my god. We were only in town for 48 hours and almost came here to get the entire same meal again after having it on the first night. 
Plus - super cute and Instagram worthy decor lol.Saw the negative reviews and decided to give it a try anyway. So glad we did! Drinks were spot on!! Ordered escargot for appetizer and it was amazing!!! I've been to France and had it there, this one was delicious. A manager came to our table to see how we liked it since they had just changed up the recipe. Loved it!! Had the shrimp dish which was awesome and my husband had the short ribs. Not one complaint!! The atmosphere is very authentic French. We were even seated by the open doors facing the street! We only had 10 minutes left before our concert but our waiter was so kind in getting our dessert out quickly and getting our check to us so we could jet out. Don't think twice, just go. You'll be glad you did.Came late night around 2300 very laid back vibe a middle aged to older white crowd.I sat at the bar service was impeccable very attentive and concerned about if the meal was to my liking had the oysters poached in lemon butter as a appetizer .I'm used to grilled, fried , and smoked but poached gave the shellfish a delicate mouthfeel .I didn't care for the it for some reason but I finished the small Dutch oven dish .The butter was good dipping sauce for my bread The duck confite was my meal it was good .I have had better though. Overall enjoyed dining at JustineThis place was so cute! I loved the vibe and decor of the restaurant. We missed brunch and we're upset at first, but the lunch was sooo good! The menu overall has French influence. 
The French onion soup is a must. The fried chicken with the salad on top was also really delicious. Our waiter was amazing as well! Would definitely recommend for someone who wants to grab lunch or brunch in NO. Pricing was reasonable as well.Robie was the best! Great friendly service and the best burger I have ever eaten. Everything was delicious. Could not have been more satisfied. Beautiful restaurant!Worst service I have ever received. When confronted, wait staff and management were rude and unapologetic.
2.5 hours before we got appetizers and only received one round of drinks in that time. 
Do not recommend to anyone. TERRIBLE.Great ambiance. Great service. Great food. Loved the upscale white tablecloth vibe without being pretentious. Very enjoyable evening.Wasn't crazy about anything other than the banana dessert. Shrimp en papillote was tasteless. Duck confit was so small a portion that it was laughable. Escargot appetizer was ok not great. Lobster appetizer was similar to New England lobster roll and was good. Fish almandine was good.this is the worst meal I have had in new orleans. the food was fine-- edible, nothing special-- salads were way overdressed. the SERVICE however IS ABHORRENT. so slow, incredibly rude; brought my friend 2 glasses of wine that were both expired. sommelier never apologized, did not say one word to any of us, and brought her another glass of bad wine. I'm not sure if this establishment is simply racist and was unhappy to be serving my friend who was the only black diner at Justine's, regardless the behavior of the waitstaff was terrible. will never go back, cannot afford to lose 3 more hours of my life waiting for their waitstaff to refill our water or serve us our drinks.Great service, phenomenal atmosphere, terrible food. A little less money on the decor and a bit more effort toward hiring a chef who can at least cook a burger properly and this place would be tiptop but until then I highly recommend finding somewhere else.Literally beyond amazing! The food is delicious. The service is superb, and the portions are sizable for the fine cuisine I'm a well traveled foodie from NYC and I would highly recommend this place!My friend really been wanting to try this place as a pescatarian I didn't really care to because they don't have many options. So it was super cute, and we went about 6:30 so slower time and our server acted like we inconvenienced her I asked a question because of my diet and I swear she acted like it wasn't her job or I was annoying.  She offered no assistance going over the menu after I mentioned I don't eat meat I was very unhappy with my order because I felt rushed and I ordered the lobster special on thursdays it was basically lobster meat mixed with other stuff on bread with pretty culinary flowers.  I think this is a very cute place but I will not return and I work in the service industry and drive lyft so when people ask me about what restaurants to goto this one will not be mentioned.We walked in at around 7:45 on a Sunday and was told there would be about 30 minute wait for our party of 5. The hostess took our phone number and information and told us to be back at 8:30 (which was 45 mins). We asked if we would get a text or alert. She seemed shocked and said that she was unable to do that. We were just wondering why they needed so much information but her reaction was a little funny.
Anyway once we got back at 8:30 we still had to wait about 30 more minutes. We grabbed drinks from the bar while we waited. Our waitress was friendly and funny, I wish I could remember her name. The oyster appetizers were awesome. We had them raw and en perseillade, which I preferred. I shared a 15 oz steak and fries and everything was perfect and delicious. Pretty pricey but worth it if you're looking for a cool vibe for a date or special occasion.Food and service were fine.  This was our first visit to Justine's.  Unfortunately, the music provided by a DJ was so loud that normal conversation was extremely difficult.  After asking 3 times, the volume was toned down.  The experience would be much better if there was no DJ.  It added nothing to the dinnerBy far the worst experience I have had in years. Good: The French onion soup was comparable to that in Paris! Amazing dish
Bad: We got to watch every one in the resteraunt get food before us even though we were seated and ordered before them. We had a party of 6 however there were 2 other parties of the same size who were seated after and served 1st.
2. In an ALL Caucasian resteraunt we were the only group of ethnic women.
3. I asked for hit chocolate in 59 degree weather and was scoffed. No "chocolate chaud " for me and no chocolate mocha either ! 
4. They serve half of a lobster tail for $22. I would prefer to pay $44 and get a normal meal!!!!
5. I couldn't find a dish without nuts that had seafood on the menu! I'm allergic to nuts!
6. I asked specifically for a dessert that was HOT because I am anemic and I asked 2 times! Trying to find anything to warm me up!  And you guessed it....45 mins later I received a COLD dessert. (That was not supposed to be prepared hot!!) I didn't eat 1 bite at all. 
7. The check came and of course a $10 desert was in the bill and the manager saw my untouched dessert. He snatched the check in disgust when I explained I wanted a hot dish. He NEVER offered me anything else.  I was starving;(
8. A beautiful African American model with a costume graced the floor dancing around from the front to the back. When she came from the back to the front her clothes were gone!! All that was left was a brown fleshy figure. I was embarrassed . I rushed out of the resteraunt leaving my debit card on accident. My friend had to bring it to me. I felt played. A half naked hooker figure prancing around for an all white audience. 
Maybe I missed the message culturally. 
9. This was an upsetting sad experience for me. I NEVER complain, I NEVER send food back, I have been cross country eating in various dives and lux prestigious fine dining. The service/experience was shameful and heartbreaking.authentic french food with a southern twist.  I loved the decor and the food. Would go back for sure.  Croque monsieur was to die for.  Anyone who badly reviewed this place has never been to France.My husband and I wandered into Justine the weekend of the Texans @ Saints game.  We got there early evening on a Friday and opted to sit at the bar.  I had been checking out their social media and web site and talked the hubby into trying the place for the escargot which he loves.  They had taken it off the menu and no longer available.  I really wish businesses would update their information in a timely manner.  We opted for the Mussels to share.  They were the smallest mussels I have ever seen.  We had to keep asking for bread because they brought one little piece at a time.  Just tell me there is a charge or something and bring me a reasonable amount of bread.  I would like to enjoy my meal without asking over and over for something as basic as bread.  The service/bartender was okay.  The ambiance was nice and the food was lacking.  I do want to return on our next visit for one more shot though I may smuggle my own bread in - ha!Appetizers are just Ok. The main courses   are top notch. The deserts, not so good. The architecture great. 
The waiter was real snobby. ( I asked for some ranch dressing and you've never heard such a pissy ruckus.  Hey, it's my salad!) The manager came
Over and he was nice in s condescending manner. My partner liked him but I just have this feeling that he has a future in used car sales. 
Sadly, the ambiance was like eating on the dance floor of a disco. Loud and obnoxious. We are  locals and live uptown with a small apartment in French Quarter. So, we are in the FQ a lot.  
I Might be back but not if there is a DJ. Yeah, at Mid-day there is a DJ! 
I guess they are trying to distinguish themselves from the traditional Jazz Brunch. Well, OK. But scrap the DJ and hire some  Drag Queens. 
My guess is that this place in its current form will not see its third anniversary. 
Our bill for two people with no liquor was $160.00. As always, we tipped well but that's because of social justice concerns, not because we liked the experience.Dinner reservation for 5:45pm. Got there about 5:50pm. Got sat right away. Quick service. Friendly server & staff. Bread and butter were really good (or we were very hungry lol) Octopus appetizer was so light and fresh. Loved it. I had the short ribs & fries, my friend had the duck confit with side of sauteed mushrooms.  Ribs melted in my mouth and taste was fabulous.  My friend also like her dish! For dessert we wanted chocoLate so we had their home made icecream (only choco option) we were not impressed by the chocolate one (Im used to the amazing piccola gelateria- perhaps Justine's should consider outsourcing from them) but did love the coconut which seemed more like a serbet than it did icecream. Our bill for 2 was $130 plus tip. I will def be back from dinner and can't wait to try their brunch!!! Lastly, their decoration and vibes were off the charts!!!I enjoyed my tuna Nicoise and the fizzy drink.  Wait staff were awesome but I disliked the two wines I tried.  My friends seemed to enjoy their filet mignon and fried chicken.  But the espresso was poor and they took it off the bill. Lovely decore and ambiance!Welcome to my #Yelp review of @justinenola Yes, I love a solid meal, but I'm also that basic femme who gets sucked into Insta-worthy eateries. I came in this joint totally full from another meal, but ordered the TUNA CRUDO: cured yellowfin tuna, scallion-ginger beurre noisette, and lemon preserve just to soak in the ambience. IT WAS SO DANG GOOD that after I worked up an appetite at City Park, I came back for a full dinner meal. They have a cute cafe with ceiling to floor doors that open to the street and a more formal dining area (picture 2). For dinner, I ordered the burger: grilled peppercorn crusted patty, brioche bun, emmantaler, arugula & frites. No pics of the food. Just ate. It's a solid brasserie in New Orleans' historic French Quarter. No jacket required or formal French spot like Café Boulud or Daniel in NYC. But you won't go wrong here for a cute bougie feel and tasty French meal. They also have a DJ and late night bites until 1am on the weekends, but that's way beyond my bedtime. #eathereWonderful restaurant! Party of 7. Great table, very comfortable banquette and chairs. So pretty inside. They even have a burlesque dancer, magician and DJ. Of course the magician never deigned to come to our table as he had a multitude of tables with pretty young women. But that's Ok. Service was wonderful, drinks came promptly. We had a myriad of entrees, all great. Oysters very fresh, onion soup to die for. Entrees were great. Lobster tartare, short ribs, $18 hamburgers, filet mignon. Desserts were good as well.I am obsessed with this restaurant. My kids had the cheeseburger and it was breathtaking. Hard to say that about a cheeseburger right? I had the beets salad and it was also delicious. The manager Robin was super welcoming and went above and beyond giving us some great insider tips to restaurants, music and cultural activities to do with my children. I will definitely be going back.This is top tier dining. The entire experience - from decor, atmosphere, quality of service, and exquisite attention to detail in the preparation and presentation of the food - is above par. We had the lobster tartine, shrimp en papillioette, lamb shank, and spinach au gratin and all dishes were exceptional.  It's a perfect blend of traditional French with a touch of New Orleans flavor.  The wine list is extensive and the sommelier very friendly and helpful. The cocktails are hand crafted and offer something for every taste. This is a great place for a special occasion - anniversary, birthday, proposal - or anytime you are ready to indulge your palate. Just about the best our city has to offer.This place is really nice, great atmosphere, service was great too, food was delicious! Love the vibe here!!Expected great things from this restaurant but think it's just ok. Ambience is interesting and unique. We sat in the back dining area which looked like the beautiful people were there. Our server was ok not memorable. I had the steak tartare which was uninteresting and bland and the color was not appetizing. I also had the green salad which was just a pile of lettuce leaves and uninteresting. My partner had the filet which was good with a side of creamed spinach which we liked the best!
The highlight of the evening were the burlesque dancers!
I'd give this restaurant 2.5. It got the extra .5 because they clearly put money into the decor.  Next step is work on the food to make it more interesting and flavorful.If anything I would say you must try for the experience and ambiance of the restaurant. I went on a Wednesday night and they were just as busy as a Saturday night mostly all of the tables were filled with guests enjoying conversation and the sounds of the amazing dj. 
I was seated promptly after I arrived. The restaurant was busy so I figured it would be a few minutes before my server would be able to make their way over, but I wasn't expecting to wait 20 minutes. If I would've been enthralled in conversation like the other guests I may have not minded much but I was dining alone so I happened to notice. 
When my server made it over she was very pleasant  but quite overwhelmed. She ran over the chef's picks for the day and since I had some time with the menu I was able to give her my entire meal order at once. 
I went with the onion soup to start and it was very tasty but enough to share for 2. The melted cheese on top was my favorite part! I had went with the potulet roti for the main course. The chicken was extremely succulent and the bed of veggies soaked up every flavor from the chicken. My favorite course as with any meal was dessert. It was lovely banana cream dessert. 
Overall the food was tasty, the ambiance of the restaurant was amazing. But, the service didn't match what I was expecting. I am hoping the service was simply a reflection of being a new restaurant, I'm willing to give them a try again.We found this place by accident ... 
Our Son was feeling home sick ... didn't want to eat. It was close to 9:30pm and we just wanted a nice healthy meal. 
As we walked and couldn't find anything ... I desperately just gave up and asked someone and I believe she happen to be the manager of Justine's. She kindly recommended what I can choose off the menu for him. 
We walked in, immediately got a table. Ordered, food was out fast and finally he was able to eat peacefully and was happy. 
Restaurant is so beautiful. So thankful to have gotten a good meal in a beautiful Resturant.I had the misfortune of wandering into Justine before they opened. This seemed to greatly offend the host, who looked at us like we were filth. Pretension does not work in this city. Looking forward to visiting what opens there after this closes.Justine's probably one of my favorite restaurants in NOLA! Cute ambiance, good service and delicious food. Oh, drinks were good too! 
The appreciate the work put into the interior design. Every corner of the restaurants have slightly different designs.I'm not even gonna lie. Your fries are straight Sysco fries. %100 without a doubt. I mean yea Sysco fries are good, but for a wannabe French from scratch restaurant. Sysco fries.... really. Justin can do better than that. If he is even in the kitchen. Menu is garbage. Food is garbage. Garbage.Lovely service, delicious decor, creative cocktails, and sumptuous cuisine! Must recommend!Absolutely LOVED the vibe here! We were greeted by a feather dancer when we walked in, and the whole experience there on our was beautiful. We took a high-profile client here. Started with the octopus, escargot, and gulf oysters, and I haven't stopped thinking about them since. I could have eaten 8 orders of the escargot. I had the Duck Confit and OMG I LOVED it! For the three of us, with 3 apps, 3 entrees, and a drink each, we totaled $240 before tip. Definitely a great space for a top-notch client dinner.Lackluster and missed the mark!  Went for the standard moules frites and was seriously disappointed.  The broth/sauce had too much tarragon and the frites were soggy.  To make matters worse, when we paid the check they rounded up and kept the change.  Not a penny or two, but the 46 cents that was due with the change.  When did it become acceptable to keep the coins portion of the change due a customer?  I find the practice distasteful and appalling.  How many people are they doing this to?  Think about how much money they are making by "skimming" from all of their customers.  Really Justine - do you need to keep the change?  Next time if you want to round to the nearest dollar, try rounding down!!!We walked past this restaurant and did a double take because it's so cute! So of course my friend and I wandered in one night when the rest of our party decided to retire early! The decor is so gorgeous! I loved every bit of it. We came in just for a couple drinks. The server was the nicest human. I ordered a dirty martini that was perfection and my friend had one of the gin drinks that she loved. Highly recommend coming in for drinks at least! Their menu looked pretty delicious too!I'd give this restaurant zero stars if I could.  
The service was terrible and we had to complain to the manager. 
The food was poorly prepared, my burger was well done when I requested medium rare.  Between the kitchen and service staff, communication was horrid.
And the music was intrusive and didn't contribute to the atmosphere of the restaurant.  They need to change DJs.
I'd recommend going elsewhere for a better experience.  Not worth the price they're charging.Grit, grime, shouts, and frenzy seemed to come standard in the French Quarter, but the vibe here was quite the opposite. Justine was a pristine oasis where all surfaces were immaculate, and although clearly new, there was still vintage charm. 
Namesake statuette behind the bar set a classy tone, but there was also a nice balance of more contemporary touches like pink neon.
And my God, I should have thanked them personally for the well organized space, yes space. There were people at every table, but it never felt crowded, nobody was bumping into us. In a neighborhood where decent places were overflowing with (sweaty) bodies, it was nice to be enjoying the smell of food and wine (rather various degrees of B.O.).
Clientele and staff are young. It seemed hip, but the food was classic, and simple, and more importantly, done right. Our party of three shared a 40oz steak, and to our delight it was medium rare from one end of the plate to the other, DELICIOUS!Good addition to the Quarter, especially for those who want a break from traditional Creole and Cajun cuisine.
Atmosphere is beautiful and includes an in-house DJ spinning French records and stunning showgirls in colorful outfits. The interior feels like a true Parisian spot (or Le Diplomate in Washington, DC).
We arrived on a Saturday evening without a reservation. The first hostess said getting a table without a reservation was an impossible feat and didn't even take our name. After noticing tons of empty tables sit vacant, we asked a different hostess the same question and she immediately put us on a waitlist and had us seated in less than 30 minutes. The restaurant would have lost our business if not for the second hostess.
We ordered the Moroccan spiced short rib with fries, almondine gulf fish (our favorite), onion soup (delicious, but not worth the high price point of $15), and the honey vanilla cream dessert (their take on a creme brûlée). We didn't love the cocktail menu, so we ordered other classics like G&Ts and Palomas instead.Beautiful place for a brunch, lunch or dinner. I really enjoyed LOOKING AROUND more than the food. The pretty drinks did not hurt. Everyone had a memorable experience at our blogger brunch! Sunday during rain... bad time to come in. The french toast was amazing. 
Amazing food, drinks, ambiance and service. All checks on my list.Bartenders are rude!!! The short dark hair women and guy. Did not bother greeting us or asking for our order. Once we finally asked to place our order, they just looked at us uninterested. They were in a bad mood all night.I was in New Orleans for 48 hrs and went here 3 times! Shane was our server and he was AMAZING needless to say, as to sit in his section!!! Ryan the host with the most! Robbie the manager made us feel like we were family...
With all that said, THE FOOD AND DRINKS ARE INSANE! So good! Don't hesitate, just come and experience this amazing place!Let's start with the good: Atmosphere A+. You truly feel like you're in some swanky French restaurant/club. The wallpaper are and decor are just top notch and really fun to look at. The appetizers were also really nice; we got the beef tartare and the shrimp cocktail. No one in my group was very happy with their mains, unfortunately. I got the duck confit which was just bland, not crispy like it should have been, and the setup had no flavor. Not to mention it was supposed to come with some sort of pork that was nowhere to be found. Finally, the service was dreadful - we couldn't get our waiter's attention for **** and it too about half an hour too long for our cocktails to come to the table. THAT BEING SAID, I do give more weight to an atmosphere/vibe when it comes to a restaurant experience and this one did have a GREAT vibe.New favorite restaurant in New Orleans. Chef Justin Devillier knocked this one out of the park. We tried a handful of hors d'oeuvres. The steak tartare was our favorite. Definitely put the egg yolk on top before you break it. Octopus vinaigrette was perfectly cooked and went well with the citrus. Lobster tartine was super fresh topped with caviar. 
Bone marrow bordelaise was rich and perfect with the potatoes. Real comfort food style dish. For the entree round we had the Moules Frites aka mussels and fries. Really cool cajun twist on a dish I thought I'd had every way possible. Our server Asaria was great. Very knowledgeable. Almost like an extension of the culinary team. Jen the bartender makes a delicious house special 1789 cocktail with Whiskey. The dancer in the dining room was really entertaining. But the DJ in the front of the gorgeous dining room with her turn tables takes the cake. Really gave it a fun atmosphere. Can't say enough good things about the visit. Cheers Chef!The service was absolutely terrible. Our party was 8 ppl. When we asked our server basic questions about the menu he gave us very douchey vague responses more than once. Although he definitely knew what he was doing serving wise he was just overall very arrogant and condescending. The manager also seemed to have a pretentiousness to him. If there is a large party in my restaurant i would be sure to stop by and make sure everything went smoothly. He never stopped by to check in with us and walked by our table multiple times just literally looking down on us and it made us very uncomfortable. Even the hostesses were not friendly. They barely looked up from what they were doing as if they couldnt be bothered. We were there to celebrate and it put an awkwardness and damper on our evening. For the money we spent we shouldnt have left feeling that way. Overall the food was delicious (the only reason for the 3 stars) but would definitely not recommend over some of the other places you can spend your money nearby.Overall disappointed with the experience. The theme of
our trip here is that it's not worth the money and doesn't come close to the hype.
Right from the start, we walk up to the host stand and the hostess greets me with a half-look "what's up". She did greet me I suppose, but not what I'd expect from a place like this.
Our server was honestly below average. Questions about the menu were answered minimally. I wouldn't say she was very attentive--she did her job but just not the service I'd expect from a place like this.
Food: we started with shrimp cocktail which was very good, but you can get good fresh seafood everywhere in New Orleans. I had the yellow tail tuna steak which was good. I wasn't 'wow'd but it was fine. My date ordered the ribeye which I thought was pretty good. 
The issue, again, is that it's not worth the price. We had better meals for half the cost in plenty of other locations.I came here Thursday with a friend.  It was raining terribly.  We got chose where we sat.  Nice booth.  We ordered a dry Riesling wine and it was delicious!   Then we ordered the oysters en perseillade.  It was different, but good.  Oysters in lemon and butter in a cast iron dish.  For entrees we both got the short rib.  There was one slight pieced of fat besides that none.  I didn't have to use a knife.  The waitstaff were exceptional.  Will return again!Food was very good.  Wait staff were phenomenal.  Had a great meal with great service.  Would definitely return.The service was honestly amazing here. I don't usually eat at more expensive places, but this was a treat from my boyfriend's family. I wasn't crazy about my food, but loved everyone else's. So that was just my fault on ordering. Again, LOVED the service. The whole crew seemed to come by our table at some point.
Also featured, all the birthday people got ice cream!Wonderful! We were in New Orleans for a weekend getaway and experiencing the hustle-bustle of Bourbon Street on a Friday night! After all that, we needed a quieter, more relaxed place to settle into a fine meal. We passed a family just stepping out of Justine and asked them how it was. So glad we did! Two blocks removed from Bourbon Street, this delightful French restaurant was so welcoming with a lively classy atmosphere. We had a newer waiter who needed a bit of help from her senior, but we didn't mind that; everyone has to start somewhere. My beau sampled the raw oysters appetizer at most every eatery we visited and he very much enjoyed the gulf variety here. He also loves a good horseradish and Justine's knocked his socks off! For his entree, he had the Moroccan spice rubbed Short Rib: ras-al-hanout, chermoula, roasted carrot salad, carrot purée. Yum! I had the Poisson Amandine: melt in your mouth sautéed Drum with toasted almond brown butter & haricots vert. Delicious! I only wish we had had room for dessert. The attentive wait staff along with the playful mixture of background club type music (not too loud) and a gold prism-clad mime roaming the floor made for a delightful evening!Amazing food, delicious drinks and fabulous service makes Justine's a must when eating in NOLA!  Start off with one of the best salads I have ever experienced, the Burratta and then move on to the filet!  It is served in a sea of brown gravy that tastes like heaven!  End with the pavlova dessert and a cappuccino and u will come back again!!Shout out to the espresso martini and the Hossegor cocktail. The flank steak was cooked to perfection medium rare. The octopus, pork belly, steak and tuna tarter were great starters! Great service as well!Went on a girls trip and we stumbled across this gem! From the moment you walk in you absorb the atmosphere!! So much detail and love was poured into this restaurant!! Had the duck and it was nothing short of decadence the flavors explode in your mouth, in all the right ways!!!Recently went for a weekend brunch.  Fantastic choice!  Had two cafe noir cocktails to begin with along with the banana bread.  All well done. The banana bread was perfect.  Sweet and moist with a caramelized banana served on top -perfectly done.  We had the croissant sandwich and French onion soup as main courses and were very pleased. The soup has a fantastic full flavor with a wonderful mix of cheeses on top.  The service and atmosphere of the restaurant are upscale and very pleasant.  A real delight and highly recommended!Order the Justine burger!  The bartender was a super nice lady who made sure my whole group was taken care of.  Thank you again for everything.This was my first visit at Justine and I will for sure be coming back. Perfect location. The ambiance was right up my alley as well.  The service was exceptional.  Maitre'D Robby was so helpful with painting a picture for my friend and I as we couldn't decide on a plate since everything sounded so good! With tips on the best way to enjoy our meal, we did exactly that!Food was expensive and overrated. Waiter was really nice as well as other staff. I asked my server Aisha to sub my fries for a salad and I got charged $15 and she did not inform me and I didn't see this until later at night on my receipt (my fault). Pasta was small and food was subpar.Carly was so incredibly kind with recommendations and chatting with us at the bar. She's literally the best and is making our birthday trip the best. Justine's is amazing! Great staff, great drinks, and a great time. Also, whoever is in charge of the playlist -- give them a raise!!My third or fourth visit here was almost laughable in how horrible it was. First, our waiter loudly commented on the fact that my friend finished her French onion soup ("You finished it?? No way! Nobody does that!! Ha ha!!) and his fellow waiter walking by heard it and laughingly weighed in "woah! I wouldn't want to be your toilet later!" Classy!
Then the food. Onion soup friend ordered duck with gnocchi. Dish came -- no gnocchi. She flagged our waiter who took the dish and returned it with... two gnocchi. Like a little pasta F-U. Another friend got the $24 shrimp papilliote which included a mere 5 naked shrimp. I ordered the nicoise salad, which was served with what could only be described as spam-like tuna -- I have never, ever had tuna of that gelatinous consistency. It largely went uneaten.
On top of this, water bottles sat empty, sides were delivered late and beers arrived a full 20 minutes after ordered. I asked to see a manager who came to our table, sat down, spun a long yarn about what he's learned in the restaurant industry from John Besh (yes, THAT John Besh) and ultimately explainded that they had recently fired their chef and manager. I guess that accounts for the plummet in quality and service?
Before the night was over, our waiter ran into one member of our table en route to the bathroom and asked "Do they hate me??" before eventually returning to the table to confront one member of our party with angry and defensive request for feedback.
If I've had a worse restuarant experience, I can't remember it. What a huge disappointment -- can't imagine it will be around for long.Very spotty. Order prefix menu. Citrus salad super sour. Pumpkin bisque luke warm. Duck with parsnips had very chewy duck. Parsnips and salad were great!  Shrimp and pasta great!  $9 for bread and butter was a lot but the butter was very tasty! Dessert ok. Meringue chewy. Very nice decor.Ok....if you go here you've got to get their goat cheese dip!  I'm still thinking about it. Creamy goat cheese mixed with maybe creme fraise and drizzled with garlic and olive oil. They served it with bread but I liked it better with the "crackers" (fancy home made ones) that were served with the pimento cheese. We shared steak frites and I dipped everything on my plate into that cheese. The restaurant is nice...modern French decor. Hard to get into but worth it.The cuisine is a bit overpriced for the level of cuisine served and the food was underwhelmingly par. But the atmosphere is stunningly gorgeous! Overall, the unsuccessful simplicity of the food leaves a lot to be desired. 
The Entrecote de Boeuf (about $45 after tax & tip) was a g*dd*mned disappointment. The waitress seemed to feel my pain as she saw the let-down in my eyes when this dish was presented. I understand the simplicity of French Bistro cuisine, but what was received is what I would have expected from a freshman high school culinary student. I've had a better steak frites at a greasy diner for a third of the price, and at least they had the common sense to put a leaf of kale on the plate and top it with a red beet ring slice to give the plate somewhat of an identity. 
White plate; piece of meat; scattered shoestring fries; butter slopped on top of steak. Meh!
It was described as a 14-ounce Prime Ribeye, but at barely 3/4-inch thick, it was skimpy piece of cow. I ordered it mid-rare, hoping for a temp just over rare, but since it was so thin and skimpy (no way this steak started off just 2 oz shy of a pound), it was medium by the time it got to the table, thus voiding it of any benefits of being labeled PRIME. I suspected that it sat in the window for a while, because the tiny amount of fries were cold and the unflavored, green garnished butter had completely lost its shape and oozed to the otherside of the plate. The maillard-char on the steak was great, but it was terribly under-seasoned. 
The fries were nothing special either; just a slightly crispier version of McDonald's fries. A small silver-cup sized portion size of these unremarkable fries, off the sides menu, will cost you about $12 after tax & tip, which is insulting.
The other items on the table that we tried were the French onion soup; It was good and big enough to share. The Poulet Pane and lobster ravioli were both very good, but, again....very, very, very, very, very, very f^cking small for an entree. 
If you are going to charge this much for food this simple, I expect nothing less than pure excellence. I expect that every single ingredient is exploited to its fullest maximum potential.
The decor is exquisite and stunning, but Justin DeVillier, you are capable of doing better job at elevating this cuisine to a level where the quality reflects the value.
Here is a quote from  another yelper about the staff at Justine that I totally agree with and going to steal for future reviews: 
"The Service Lacked Guidance".This place had a great feel and the food is wonderful.  Great wait staff.  The hamburger was wonderful.Three stars because this is a place with a lot of potential: cool decor, good location, and pretty good food. 
The decor is certainly unique--a strange blend of classic and modern that works quite well. Especially cool are the glittery maps of New Orleans and Paris on the wall. Also appreciate that they have matches as souvenirs.
The menu is quite limited however. This isn't to say that the food I had was bad--it was decent--but $22 for a hamburger is steep. Furthermore, your entree choices are a burger, a $35 steak (hanger steak too so you know it's going to be tough), fish and chips, and one other fish item. That's it. As a result, the menu is quite underwhelming. If they could just put as much effort into the menu as they did the decor, they would have a winner.
Side note: first place I have heard Ciara's "Goodies" playing since 2004. Interesting music choice.My lovely wife and I stumbled in here one dark and rainy Tuesday. The storms were meaty and juicy and we needed some refuge from the muggy, damp tropics of the French quarter. She was wearing her signature flower tight pants and flowing, ripple shirt. I wore my fitted black tshirt and jeans. And the watch. Always the watch. 
After an awkward encounter at the hostess stand, we were seated in the chairs and next to a table. We ordered drinks and food. We ate and drank all of it. The waitress had a mask and seemed funny and enjoyed my wife's love for baguettes. I'd go back there tomorrow. Except my fingers hurt from playing esports. Maybe I'll give it a week.Update 5/9/21. Was so amazed by Justine when visiting with two friends, I decided it would be the best place to take Mom for Mother's Day Brunch. Phenomenal service and impeccable food from start to finish. All staff were engaging, attentive and beyond welcoming. Robbie whom I believe is one of the managers or owners came over to our table to chat a bit with us and even gifted mom with dessert. Our server Christian was amazing. Delicious and without question one of the best spots in Nola to enjoy a great service, awesome food and picturesque surroundings! I've got to get back for a dinner service.In a city filled with culinary riches, Justine adds another venue to enjoy French food with a Southern flair in a beautiful upscale French Brasserie environment. Elegant and yet casual with great art and objet d'art filling this restaurant with multiple seating options. I was by myself on this Thursday night and I had already been filling my soul for days with some of New Orleans specialties of oysters and shrimp so I opted for the braised lamb shank. Of course I had to start with a cocktail. The surroundings evokes a 1920's brasserie feel so the only drink I knew that might fit was a 1920's Sidecar. The bartender did well. The service was slow but spending some time in France I was used to the much slower pace of service that probably would have bothered most people or if I had to get somewhere at a certain time. I know from experience that if you are truly going to dine and have no time constraints, then French restaurants are the way to go. If you need to dine and dash, forgettaboutit. I was so excited when I finally got the lamb shank that I started to devour it immediately and forgot to take a pic of it, so this is the lamb shank stand in. I think next time I would try the oysters and/or escargot. In the hands of the French and Southern Louisiana chefs, these otherwise creepy sounding edibles to many people are presented in sauces that elevate these dishes to divine delicious delicacies. Add another joint to hit on your NOLA checklist.Delicious steak tartar, even more delicious onion soup.  Herat service... warm and friendly.  Highly recommend!Yesterday myself and two friends arrived for lunch.  We were one of three tables in the entire restaurant.  We ordered a Bloody Mary, gin and tonic and a Prosecco .  The waiter immediately informed us that he had cremant because this is a French restaurant.  The Bloody Mary was undrinkable and sent back.  My friends ordered shrimp papiote, salad nicoise and I had the cobia.  The papiote had 4 shrimp! The nicoise was a far cry from a real nicoise, lots of lettuce, little else and dressed with oil only,and my cobia was barely edible.  The ratatouille was like none I had ever had.  The eggplant was slimy and the whole dish very bland.  The pommes frites were very salty.  Since we were insulted about the cremant, I need to say that all of us are retired international flight attendants and have spent lots of time in Paris.  This place is no comparison to the humblest bistro there.  This was an expensive lunch with no accolades.  I don't want to give any stars, but to have this posted I have to give one.  The place is very pretty.Review: An Expensive Brunch that Underwhelmed
Folks, I really wanted to love Justine. Well-known, highly regarded in Nola, and a place that many look at as a destination. We came in for brunch on a Saturday, and the food just wasn't great at all.
So the good: service was pleasant, drinks were decent, and the vibe was pretty nice.
Everything else was not great, sadly. The service was very slow, and the food kind of sucked. The salad was fine, the fried sweet potato was really pretty decent, but the Justine breakfast was really basic, and the burger was totally burned (we ordered medium rare, it was well done and the bun was singed completely).
I'll come back, but the food needs to improve. Hopefully they'll get the kitchen in order - the place obviously has a ton of promise, and others have posted some great reviews - could have been an off day.I'd give Justine's another half star on another visit IF they work out the kinks they have after being open a month.
First the positive...  I tend to visit the same established New Orleans culinary institutions on each visit I make.  It's not that I don't like to try new restaurants, but the  Big Easy has more "misses" than "hits" because of the tourism that drives this city.  A lot of restaurants don't have to be good because they know they aren't necessarily going for repeat customers.
Justine's is quite the swinging scene and the word is out amoung Louisiana's young bourgeois that this is THE new hot place.  We noted several groups of "youngsters" dressed well and celebrating birthdays or forthcoming nuptials.   
Justine's is the latest concept for local restaurateurs "Justin" and his wife (who is not named Justine - he just liked the name and it dovetails into the burlesque theme that is part of the restaurants' shtick.  Incidentally, they were dining at a table near ours that evening.  I noted that his meal took just as long to come out of the kitchen as ours did.
Service was a bit lacking - our server was a transplant from Las Vegas, who was used to fine dining experiences, but not to troubles in the kitchen.  He was not-to-be-seen too many times - I had to flag someone else down to get a refill of water.    Our entrees arrived at varied times, which is not how it is supposed to happen.  My ribeye was excellent though.  
I shall likely put this on my restaurant rotation when I am enjoying New Orleans - my third favorite culinary city in the US!Would love to leave a review of the food, but am unable  thanks to the host who turned us away. We had a party of 8 and he insisted there was only room for a table for 2 . OpenTable listed availability for a table of 8 which is why we went and there were empty tables in the restaurant. Showed the host the opening on OpenTable and he was still insistent that they couldn't accommodate. Because it was late and we drove a ways to get there, we even offered to split up our party, but they still refused.We enjoyed the cocktails and food at Justine, but we did not have a great staff experience. I understand during these times it can be difficult to find good staff, and this restaurant is definitely struggling. Didn't expect it from such a high-end restaurant though. The food, particularly the BBQ shrimp, it's worth a try!Loved it here. I came here last year to get some drinks and have some pre birthday fun, and I really enjoyed myself. The drinks are so cute and good. The ambiance is amazing. I would definitely suggest getting cute to take some cute pics. There are bomb places to take beautiful pics all over the restaurant.I gave it 3 stars because it's cute. The staff and food needs work. I was hoping to do a to go order because I was alone and rather eat in my hotel room with no judgment. Well the hostess was like oh no miss missy we don't do that ( not those exact words). She advised they don't do to go orders ok can I be seated? She was kinda like I guess like she didn't want to seat me or something. She walked away and was like we can seat you at the bar, well duh there is nobody there. The bartender guy was reluctant to be friendly gave me nonchalant hellos. I was going to leave but it was late so let me get this food. Which was cold and flavorless. I expected the gravy to be hot, again I wasn't trying to be difficult. They seemed like they weren't thrilled to assist so why would I give them the opportunity to disappoint. I'm from out of town so I wouldn't have to see these people again. Maybe it was just me!The Food was excellent. Service was just okay, at least from our waiter. He spoke too quietly for the volume of the restaurant and did not follow through quickly with small requests like a club soda refill, (had to ask another waiter). I requested a seating preference in my reservation and they still sat us in a different area. Not a huge deal but I've never had a restaurant not honor a seating request so I just assume the host that was running the board that evening was very unorganized. Again though, the food was excellent and the restaurant is beautiful.Fantastic brunch and cocktails!  We had the fish and chips and the steak frites, highly recommended!  Service was top notch and definitely want to try more menu items.  Jonathan was a great wine director and we had a great chat about French organic wine.STOP!!! Go no further,  this place is EVERYTHING!! atmosphere,  drinks,  service and Food!! Fantastic!!!... I was lucky  to be the 1st patron when they opened today,  all the staff were beyond friendly and so excited for their menu,  if the staff loves their menu, then you know you're in the right place,  I started out on the sidwalk seating..that's not ON  the sidewalk but open like a patio in Paris, so it was a great inconspicuous spot for a solo traveler,  I adore my waiter  Jacob, he recommended  I start with the whipped goat cheese dish..blew my mind... in the heat of this beautiful city,this  was my best friend, light, refreshing and hit all the amazing taste profiles.. I opted for the special,  a 4oz butter aged wagyu steak...not being a meat eater, I took the chance as they said it is an experience,  watchingy more then one waiter explain how amazing it would be, I wa sold! I moved indoors after my meal as I wanted to experience the decor and have more amazing cocktailwls at the stunning bar, I wish I could take this place home with me... the brass, fixtures and pink tile took me back to Paris with a modern twist.. I  Thoroughly  loved watching kasha mixting cocktails with a love for her craft. In a  Beautifully humid city  I prefer refreshing cocktails, so I had: Elysian  Fizz (take in the flowers they add) silent Fizz , not heavy with syrup jusy perfect on the palette.  I also loved  the eager youthful  Somalia on staff, he loves what he does and I would trust his recommendations! I will come back to this city with friend a so I can bring them here!!Service was delightful from beginning to end. The sauces had depth and the meat was cooked perfectly. High quality food for a reasonable price.The dining experience is aesthetically pleasing. The workers were nice and the staff's bosses were extremely friendly and willing to make sure everything was just right--which is more than appreciated. On the other hand, the food was just ... bland. The barbeque shrimp and toast is not New Orleans-y. It was more of a red sauce and not spicy the way I envisioned or hoped. I will give leeway because I'm not sure that this restaurant is rooted in creole dining.  The chicken and egg sandwich included a chicken that was almost terrifyingly big. I was not sure where to start to eat once it arrived. The Justine burger was/is the most safe bet if you really want to enjoy your food. We appreciated the venue but were not able to enjoy the food.We went for a birthday dinner on the 22, and had the absolutely fantastic Savannah as well as another server, whose name we unfortunately forgot, but found out it was her birthday as well. Both of these ladies were an absolute delight and made our celebrations absolutely fantastic. Their sommelier came over to us and answered all of our questions with clarity and very thoroughly. He was extremely patient and kind, and talked us through all of the different options of what we were looking for in our drinks. The service here was fantastic, and we LOVED our food. The meal was an absolute delight, and so was the service. The ambiance was great, and we felt very comfortable here.Kinda hiding in the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter is Justine. It is so gorgeous on the inside (seriously so gorg), has a DJ on occasion with nice tunes and keeps the noise level within reason for a great conversation. Not only can you listen to the tunes while dining on wonderful food and so so tasty cocktails you will also get to witness a tasteful burlesque show. I was also super impressed with the staff and especially so late in the evening. Their late night offerings are top of the line! Reservations probably a good idea, street parking only, but easily walked too from many locations. Go check it out!Had a terrible experience at Justine last week where the bartender lost my credit card and/or gave it to another person. At first, he denied I gave it to him and went to get the manager. I ensured him multiple times he did, as it had only been a few minutes prior. It took me pulling out my chase app to show him the card had been swiped to start the bar tab before he acquiesced and they looked at the video.
Video showed he in fact gave it to another person in the bar! What did they offer me in return? Just a half apology. Not a bottle of wine. Not an invitation for supper. Nothing. Just a "mistakes happen" sorry. Well, mistakes do happen...but this is the hospitality industry folks. Be hospitable. Do you have any idea how frustrating and inconvenient it is leaving someone without a debit card and access to cash during Mardi Gras?!?!? What's that worth to you? 
The amazing thing is, the night they lost it we only stopped by for a quick drink with friends and had already made dinner plans at Justine the following night. We chose to keep those even despite this disaster because I figured there would be a 0% chance they'd allow me to pay for dinner. Wrong again. I made sure to alert the manager when we arrived so she knew we were there...wasn't like they forgot about this. The waitress, while very kind, offered only a round a drinks! So, Justine loses my debit card, gives it to someone else leaving me open for fraud, renders me cashless during Mardi Gras, makes me have to spend time changing all my auto pay features on multiple platforms and that's worth what? A couple drinks? Laughable
This touches on the broader problem of new hip spots like this popping up in Nola which focus on the vibe and ignore the most important things, the food and the service that Nola is known for. Why do you think it's called the hospitality industry? The food wasn't bad...what you'd expect at the cost, the decor is way cool, and the waitress was kind. So it's not all bad. They are doing some things right here and I'm happy to have a unique option in the quarter. But damn, what an epic failure for my first and last experience at this place. I even mentioned this to the manager (female, wearing glasses, unsure of name) on the way out the door. I was upset, and she was pretty emotionless...just walked away. This place will continue to be the "place to be" for a year or so I have no doubt. And it should! It's a cool trendy spot. But it will fade into obscurity shortly thereafter, as it should. And I'll see you back at one of the many old guard tried and trues...places that actually give a damn. Good luck to y'all.Yes, yes & yes! Justine was an amazing experience. The service was great and all the staff (I think our server's name was Christopher) that helped us along the way were truly a blessing. We were celebrating two birthdays so we did the whole shebang, cocktail selections were nice though lacking one made with vodka - most were gin/bourbon-based. They do have a full bar though. Long list of wines, but a couple extra options for wines by the glass would have been nice. 
For food, I have been wanting to try the French Onion Soup for so long and it definitely lived up to the hype. Hands down the best French Onion Soup I have EVER had. My other favorite was the Mac au Fromage made with gruyere - absolutely delish. If you order the Burger, definitely get the au poivre sauce on the side. If dessert is calling your name, get the Creme Brulee. 
PASS on the Baguette ($8) - price didn't really match the product of what was given. The baguette was half of a whole one and the butter served with didn't have much taste. Also - IMO, the Roasted Chicken was not justifiable for $28, but was tasty regardless. Overall, great experience and will definitely be back.Food quality has decreased tremendously. I went two months ago and the food was worth the value. Today I ordered the steak and received a small portion and full or French fries. The food quality was really poor, I will not return to this place.Corn dogs for breakfast is quite possibly the best thing ever! The bartender was brilliant and spot on with recommendations, humor, and egg whites. We will definitely go back to try more deliciousness.This was one of my favorite brunches I have ever been to in New Orleans. I hear that the inside of this restaurant is beautiful but I can't ever imagine wanting to sit anywhere except the patio. Perfect fall weather People watching as they stroll through the quarter Our waiter was so incredibly nice and accommodating. He helped my friend concoct quite the mocktail, and when I said I only like cocktails if they're pretty sweet, he had the bartender tweak their "Napoleon complex" made with rum and lemon to include a little sweet simple syrup and some apples to complete the fall theme. Check out the pic - it tasted as sweet and delicious as it looked. Then there was the food. Oh my God the food. From the onion soup and steak frite appetizer to the poule sandwich to the chocolate tarts and creme brûlée for dessert. Everything was fantastic. I went with the chicken sandwich because I was already eyeing the deserts, but I want to get back here to try the pain perdu, which sounded amazing. Fried chicken sandwiches are surprisingly easy to mess up in my opinion. Some places make them too spicy. Some places are too heavy on the breading. This one was perfect. And how about this for a final twist, the creme brulee was served warm! And I thought it was brilliant!!! Most places I have been to serve it chilled. But I will never eat it that way again I can promise you that. I simply can't wait to bring my different groups of friends here. I will be back again and again for weekends to come. Tout simplement divinThis is purely for the service. Our server Asia just kept keeping us waiting, first it was you should order everything together and right after when we flagged her to place our order, she decided to stop at our table and tell us that she is going to help some other tables and didn't show for another 10mins. She kept us waiting to go help other tables. Also she didn't mention that they were out of the chicken confetti until we ordered and she was like we are out of that and recommended the most expensive disc on the menu. Isn't that the first thing that you say? 
And then when I said I don't like crawfish she recommended that I take the craw fish out of the craw fish dish?? So what exactly am I paying $40 for? Then she recommended a burger? Really $$$ restaurant and eat a burger? 
Anyhow she was mean the entire time though, argggh the arrogant attitude both my bf and me picked up on. The only thing that I couldn't figure out was if she was being racist or just plain mean. I'm a brown girl btw. 
The guy who served us wine was really nice and there was another girl who brought out our meal out who was also very nice. 
Meal portions was really small and I'm still hungry and eating fruits and spent a couple hundred bucks. You get the idea.I got roped into trying this place again with some friends from out of town that really wanted to try it. We came on a Saturday with a late reservation. Even tho it was a Saturday the service was OK but when we got our bread it was hard and stale, then I ordered the fried chicken sandwich and it wasn't fully cooked ! Are you kidding me with this place?? The cherry on top was while eating ( we got sat in the back room) we saw a mouse! A MOUSE!!! In the dining room!!! They offered to sit us in another room but never really apologized for this horrible experience. Needless to say I'm officially never getting dragged back to this place again.Perfect. The staff, drinks, apps, food, just perfect. We had the shrimp cocktail, and baguette with truffle butter to start. That butter was divine! Wish I'd had more bread to use with it, but so so good. Shrimp cocktail was a different take, and worked perfectly. Husband had the steak frites and it was a sirloin, very tasty. I had the special which was scallops on bacon risotto. It was beyond good with all the flavors working well together and the scallops were cooked just beautifully. The ambiance is amazing, upbeat, eclectic, and fun. I'm so sorry I didn't get any picture, go and enjoy this place and see for yourself! You will not be disappointed.I am local to New Orleans. I brought my out of town friends to enjoy the ambiance and cocktails for happy hour. I walked in to an empty restaurant, two people were leaning  on the host station and asked if we had reservations. I replied no we were just wanting a few cocktails. They responded that they were booked until 8:15pm.  There were two tables occupied of maybe 15 at the time. They were extremely rude and not willing to find a "way" for us to enjoy. I do not recommend this place.My husband and I had an amazing dinner at Justine tonight. The ambiance was so cool, the food was INCREDIBLE, but most noteworthy was our server Eric. He went above and beyond to make sure we enjoyed ourselves, and he was both personable and highly professional. We also really appreciated the small bite add-ons included for my husband's 40th, it was so fun and thoughtful. We happened to be hungry and walking by  tonight, and I'm so glad we walked in. Food of that quality and servers as skilled as Eric are few and far between. Can't wait to return!Attractive venue, good location, friendly waitstaff. Our waiter knew the menu well and had some excellent recommendations. Our food arrived in a timely fashion and it was to our liking. Cocktails were innovative and enjoyable. The only downside could be the music which was a bit loud and made it difficult to have a conversation. Overall I would recommend this restaurant, I've it 4 1/2 stars.Amazing atmosphere and food. There was a glitch in our main entree but mgmt quickly fixed our issue. Jill, our waitress was adorable and knew her menu like a pro.  
Wine list is awesome! The scallops were delicious! Hubby got the duck with gnocchi. Awesome. 
Portions are on smaller side which I like.They called to confirm the day before, we show up and they say it's for tomorrow but we confirmed on the phone that it was for today. They then cancelled our reservation but still asked us how our food was on open table. Shady lolService was excellent. Couldn't have been better. 
The foie gras was not very good. It was like a block of hard butter. Restaurant August had, and maybe still does have, a remarkable foie gras that would melt in your mouth. 
The Salad Maison wasn't bad and it was a very nice portion, but it looked like a salad that you get in a plastic container, in the prepared food section of a grocery. The presentation was poor. I added crabmeat to mine and some of their Remoulade sauce.  The Remoulade did not taste like a typical Remoulade, and was detrimental to the taste of the salad. 
The wahoo was somewhat rubbery, perhaps an element of the particular filet and not necessarily the kitchen's fault. The dish, overall, was underwhelming, and the consistency of the dish suggested it sat for a while before being served. 
I'll give it a second try, but based on the experiences of the five people at the table, the meal was disappointing.This was my first time trying brunch at Justine, and it 100% lived up to my expectations! If you're looking for a brunch place with a super cool/trendy ambiance, along with great food, Justine is a great option. I got the Justine Breakfast--you can choose how your eggs are cooked, and the jam was delicious! I also tried the fried sweet potatoes as an appetizer, and the yogurt sauce was to die for! Will definitely be coming back again soon!Love the decor and ambiance! The place is very cute with great detail! Service was good too! Had the French onion soup , which was good... the bread pieces seemed a bit stale. The gnocchi was yummy, with mushroom pieces. There was a lot of oil in the gnocchi. The vanilla creme brûlée was my fav.Went to their Saturday brunch. Ordered a Riviera Colada, which was excellent, loaded with alcohol, making it worth the cost. For food, I got the Steak Frites, which took 45 minutes to be brought to the table, by which time it was almost completely cold. The meat was burnt all around the edges, making it almost inedible. The fries were good, but it was not enough to make the $35 price tag worth it.Visited Justine restaurant, great interior decor and design but that was the only great thing about it. A 30 minutes wait for a table turned into 1hr30. The food was average, my paillard chicken was as dry as a board and tasteless, covered in a huge mound of salad to hide it. The French fries were cold and replaced with more cold French fries. It was my wife's 40th birthday and the Slice of cake they brought was bone dry and it was slapped on the table by the manager with a sarcastic "here you go". Finally someone came over to try and solve the problem, shrugged and didn't apologize. We left.Incredibly happy with the "change of guard" in the kitchen. It was always ok, but now it's pretty amazing. It went from a serviceable restaurant that we went to due to proximity, to a restaurant I would travel for. Amazing brunch.  The fried chicken croissant and the bread-pudding French toast are possibly my two favorite NOLA brunch food items.  Service was on point and well-priced.First of, walked in because we thought the aesthetic was very pleasing but we thought WRONG! got dirty looks right when we walked in... asked if they were serving breakfast and they looked at my group as if we asked for drugs. I will not return here.The food is very average for an expensive restaurant.  I made a reservation at Justine and was looking forward to enjoy my food.  I will start with the good things: 
Amazing service
Nice ambiance 
One block from Hotel Monteleone 
Located in the French quarter which did not require a cab if you are staying there 
And they have delicious Onion soup Gratinee 
Then the not so good 
I ordered duck Confit, the duck could be salty but what I had was a bit extra salty and for the high price, I got only one leg of duck ( very small portion) which's not enough to fill you up. 
The other dish we ordered was the Moules Frites which was supper salty that we could not eat at all.  
The server noticed and informed his manager. To their credit, it was taken out of the bill.  
IGreat space great Decor great Ambiance , sitting at the bar is enjoyable and the back room with its amazing artwork is like a museum. The service is impeccable, I had the Croque Monsieur and it was really good. My company however were not thrilled with their entrees (Nicoise Salad) and omeletteNot much for words, but the food and overall experience was great. My wife and I loved it for the valentine dinner.Coolest restaurant in New Orleans. The vibe belongs in a Tier 1 city like NYC or LAX, not New Orleans. Food is good (not going here for take out) but extremely narrow and focused menu. The experience however, is all the way top notch. Desserts great. Alcohol also decent priced.
Also, during Mardi Gras we sat Friday at 10:30. The place was busier at midnight than at 10:30 and they were still firing burgers and steaks when we left at 1am.First the place is absolutely adorable. Definitely a perfect brunch day. The menu is small but it definitely has a range of delectable options to choose from. The entire ambiance is worth it!One of those restaurants that has people come for the aesthetic, but has subpar food. Disappointing is an understatement, if you are looking for somewhere to eat literally pick anywhere else. I had an appetizer, entree, drink and dessert and every single item tasted like shit. Seriously go anywhere else.Great place. Atmosphere is perfect and so are the staff and food. Definitely will come backTHE $18 HAMBURGER
Is pretty pretty outrageous in a restaurant town like New Orleans that thrives on low cost classics such as red beans and rice and jambalaya. Worse it is not a good one, being a handful of beef in a huge wad of bun. Yes the emantaler cheese is a nice touch but it still doesn't merit the price especially given that the fries were cold. 
FABULOUS BUILDOUT THOUGHAwesome new restaurant.   Justine won 2016 best chef in the south Janes Beard award.  Well deserved.   Wonderful addition to his empire.Came here for drinks with my friends. The place looks trendy and it was a packed house. We were seated when we came in. Ordered the French onion soup with a red wine. I gave 4 stars, because it took over 1.5 hours for the soup to come in. However, the soup was delicious! It was very cheesy and the caramelized onions gave it a sweet contrast. 
Overall, I would recommend this place for those who want to grab drink, just be mindful of the time you come in as it might be pretty busy.Wonderful chicken confit, gnocchi and cocktail.  Really worthy of the effort and  price. Would go back for them anytime. Overpriced steak and fish.  You will find paying hanger steak and greasy fries smothered with heavy brown sauce for $35 really not up to the standard of the high level cooking as hinted  in chicken confit, go somewhere else for your steak.  The fish was ok, but not subtle as the price of $45 would suggest. The fish was cooked to perfection, but alas, the pinto beans and sauce supposedly fused with clam juice  give no support to it. We ordered them, because we had faith in the kitchen and the waiter. Don't let the beautiful description fool you.  Great decor and pleasant environment.  if we did not order the fish and steak, it'll have been a perfect evening.Absolutely love the vibe of this place. Ultra Fem and glam. We just had drinks here, they were decently priced but took a while to receive. Definitely a slow paced place, perfect for a fancy and posh evening.Update 5/9/21. Was so amazed by Justine when visiting with two friends, I decided it would be the best place to take Mom for Mother's Day Brunch. Phenomenal service and impeccable food from start to finish. All staff were engaging, attentive and beyond welcoming. Robbie whom I believe is one of the managers or owners came over to our table to chat a bit with us and even gifted mom with dessert. Our server Christian was amazing. Delicious and without question one of the best spots in Nola to enjoy a great service, awesome food and picturesque surroundings! I've got to get back for a dinner service.Justine's is truly a treat. It has great atmosphere and service, with just the right touch of sophistication. Tucked in a beautiful historic building, the restaurant has a lot of story. The owner is the head chef, and you can tell there is a lot of love poured into each and every menu item. The Wagyu Burgers and Buttermilk Chicken Sandwiches are my personal favorite and both are only $20; this restaurant is a must have in the French Quarter.We were in search for dessert especially banana foster but then stumble upon this super cute restaurant/ bar and decided to check it out.
We sat at the bar and ordered 2 drinks and the peach cobbler.
Taking a look around, everything was really cute. Lots of mirrors, neon lights, cute art and patio seating. 
The peach cobbler came out and I was expecting oozing hot peaches. However, it was more of a pound cake with peach toppings and ice cream. It wasn't overly sweet so we were able to eat more of it. A bit on the drier/ crunchy side but it will do.
The drinks we got was Silent Fizz, cause of course the egg white binge I've been going on, and we got the Carte Nior, which was coffee based and really good. I had a similar dessert coffee cocktail like that at Muriel's and it was just as tasty!
Cute and hip place. Definitely a cool spot to drop in and check out.I went here a couple months ago and I really liked the atmosphere. Sadly I did not think the service was that great and my food that I ordered. I got the breakfast brunch and it just was not flavorful enough and it looked like something I could easily get from McDonalds or a hotel. I was disappointed. Since it is a French restaurant, I think there should have been something French and fun about the breakfast. It was very basic. I hope to go there again and get something that would please me.I've been here several times and the food is always good. I mostly return to enjoy the sexy French quarter vibes during carnival.Justine
 Downtown New Orleans has many restaurants to choose from, but if you're looking for a glamorous, sophisticated vibe with jamming music, then @justinenola is the place for you. This married couple was on the money when they put together this eye catching eatery. When walking past this restaurant, it grabs your attention instantly. With open windows, full dining rooms and the music turnt up, I was all in for this experience.
 Due to traffic we were a little over 20 minutes late for our 8:30 reservation, but I called and informed them of our tardiness. They were very understanding and accommodating. Once we arrived, we checked in and were sat immediately. Although there was a little wait before our server arrived, we were enjoying the music and going over what we should order. 
 For cocktails, I started with "The Rivera Coloda". The ingredients included rum, Chartreuse liqueur, amaretto, lime, coconut and fresh pineapple. It was very similar to a piña colada on the rocks with chunks of what I believe was coconut. It was pretty tasty. If you're looking for something a little more aged, you should definitely try "The 1789". 
 For hors d'oeuvers, I was torn but decided the "'Barbeque' Shrimp Toast". Oh how happy I am I made that decision. The shrimp were full of flavor! I was concerned originally when it hit the table because it was not the vision I had for this dish, but it fooled me! The chili butter was succulent, the garlic was crazy good, and the bread was just perfect. 
 For entrees, I ordered "Steak Frites", and a side of "crawfish Mac and cheese" which sadly never made it to the table. My company ordered the "Pan roasted gulf fish". The steak was lacking so much flavor and under cooked! My feelings were so hurt! I sent it back. The fish however was stunning. The leeks were cooked without fault, and the crawfish and Brabant potatoes were lovely. The fish did not disappoint! 
 I would certainly revisit, and I am hoping they can iron out these flaws!
OverallWhy this restaurant doesn't have 5 stars is mind boggling. We ordered the french onion soup and it had a little fresh thyme, french bread, caramelized onions and broiled gruyere cheese and such a savory and delicious flavor. My husband had the heirloom tomato gazpacho. It was pureed and super flavorful with a pickled shrimp and herbs on top. Since it is July we are not rating warm water oysters but they have a dish called country fried garden oysters which is fried snails and they are meaty and delicious. They come with two sauces-one is a light buffalo sauce the other one  is a buttermilk herb  sauce. We went back today but they were only open for dinner. Many of the restaurants are not open the hours that are posted on their website so I would  suggest calling first to confirm. We also split the Justine wagyu burger and fries and ordered the au poivre sauce for the hamburger and fries. We were too full for dessert but I. Wt that would be good too.The atmosphere was fantastic! Service was ok and the limited menus was a 4 out of 5. The atmosphere definitely made the experience but service and food was not as good as we expected.Amazing experience!!!!! Loved the atmosphere and the host was super friendly. Started with the pimento cheese which was delicious. I had the Justine burger which I was told was the best in town, I can not disagree. Will definitely come back!!!Justine has a cool modern vibe with eclectic decor. Everything is made from scratch here. We went for a birthday dinner with a group of six. We started with the field pea hummus and naan bread. This was pretty good black eyed pea hummus but could have used more bread pieces to go with it. We also tried the shrimp cocktail which was quite a different sauce than expected but pretty good. We also got the braised short rib appetizer and that was excellent! For dinner a few of us ordered the steak frittes. They do a cut of the day which our server told us was a cut called bovette and similar to skirt steak and served with excellent French fries and Austin poive sauce. The sauce was rich but not over powering. Hubby got the bouillabaisse with shrimp and sheephead fish filet. This was garnished with a long bruschetta toast with a red pepper sauce that was to die for but you really needed a basket of bread for the broth! You could tell the restaurant was struggling with social distancing and not enough staff. We waited quite a while in between courses and waiting for more drinks. For dessert they brought the birthday girl the granita dessert and we also got the lavender creme brûlée that was perfection! Overall it was a nice dinner.Simply amazing. Walk in party of 8 with 4 kids and they were very accommodating. Cocktails were perfect, apps were delicious, and entree recommendations were on point. Main course was fantastic. Overall great experience.My friends and I loved this spot so much on our trip, we went back twice! The cocktails, Brie Mac and cheese, and creme brûlée were the highlight of the menu in our eyes, but you can't go wrong ordering anything. This restaurant is beautiful decorated and by far one of the trendiest spots in NOLA!