The emperor has no clothes.  This is not a fancy restaurant.  It's basically upscale casual, kinda like olive garden.  The wait staff is non-professional - just a bunch of kids whom I'm sure have other jobs during the day.  Pretty much everything on the menu is battered and deepfried  - not exactly "fancy cooking".  It's too bright, drafty and noisy.  My wife's fish was way undercooked and they brought me the wrong item - which was so covered in "gravy" that I didn't even realize it at first.  In sum, this is more of a tourist-trap than fine dining.  Bottom line ... very over-priced.The reviews were good so we decided to check to check this place for lunch. We shared an oyster po-boy and a chicken gumbo. Both were delicious and worth the lunch price. The service and ambience were good. Certainly worth a try if you are in the area.The sweet potato pecan pie is a must have! It comes with whip cream on the side.  The waiter I had was kind enough to bring me an extra serving of the whip cream. Yes, all of it was delicious!  A pic is posted.
I also loved that it was a Casual yet Elegant place to dine at.  There is also an open kitchen and the place looked very clean. 
Another plus: price is reasonable.This is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans! However, skip the over priced dinner and go for their lunch on Thursday through Saturday. It's more casual, but it's the same food at a fraction of the cost. Bread pudding for $3? Yes please! The bread pudding is heavenly. It's filled with lots of spices and topped with an incredible hard sauce. They have several salads to choose from on the lunch menu which grilled or fried seafood that come on top. My husband loves both the fried shrimp and fried oyster po-boys. You need to go here if you want great, classic New Orleans food! It all started with K-Paul!We made reservations during restaurant week.  We were not given the restaurant week menu when seated, we had to ask for it, and it was delivered with some attitude.  When asking for recommendations on wine, our two servers clearly knew nothing about the wine list - they both read it over quietly for a while, and didn't actually make any suggestions, just "well, if you like sauvignon blanc, we have two of those..."  The dining room was really loud, with tables closely packed.  Bread was really good, served hot, two pieces each of 4 different types.  The appetizers (fried green tomatoes with shrimp and turtle soup) were delicious - highlight of the meal.  The blackened drum was good, the blackened rib-eye just OK.  The sides were not great - mixed veggies were undercooked with rock-hard carrots.  Whipped potatoes were OK but not great.  We took dessert to go - sweet potato pecan pie was wonderful, can't judge the bread pudding fairly because we ate it cold the next day.  We wanted to split the check, but the server apparently ran my card twice and didn't run the other card at all, which caused some problems with fraud alert at my bank during the night - not a great experience on vacation.  Overall, the food was very good but not amazing, but the poor service really put a damper on our experience.Fantastic, fantastic, fantastic. Cannot recommend a place higher. Wife got surf and turf, I got the rabbit. The drum (fish) was absolutely sublime --neither of us prefer fish, but the dish alone can change one's opinion of the meat. How often would you see perfect rabbit and tenderloin left on the plate to a common fish?! Also,  the jalapeno bread (free starter) was like a soft and doughy auntie Anne pretzel: divine! Also, fast service, clean bathrooms.Had Fried green tomatoe as appetizer. Main course jambalaya  with flounder and shrimp. Wife had drum. All as good if not better  than advertised.An eating tour of the French Quarter isn't complete without a stop at K-Paul's.  The food is tremendous.  I've been there a half dozen times and it never disappoints.  While the food is authentic NOLA cuisine, you won't find many of the main staples (the last time I was there a week ago they didn't have an étouffée on the menu).  The Gumbo and Turtle Soups were amazing, and ordering anything "blackened" you can't go wrong (our server claimed that the blackened style of cooking was invented by Chef Paul).  Beware of the bread basket, it was super good so don't fill up on the bread!  Cocktails were wonderfully made and the desserts were perfect.  You'll spend more than you would at many of the quarter's restaurants, but you get what you pay for, and here, it's a special meal!The staff was amazing from the host to waitress and all those along this culinary adventure.  The bread basket was scrumptious and although small the fried green tomato was to die for! For dinner we got the surf and turf which was so exploding with flavor. My husband and I could decide what our most favorite part of the meal was. Before we left we couldn't contain our excitement about returning!!!!My review is for Sheila the waitress. Wow she is just terrific. She has been working there for 17 years. I was undecided on what to order, between two dishes and she said "I'll take care of that for ya..." Wow did she. The kitchen combined my two wishes into one and thank you Sheila, I left a happy person! Hopefully you are lucky to find yourself waited on by Sheila because she is what makes a good restaurant great!
Side note, the bread to start is ridiculously good, get the bread pudding at the end. You will not be disappointed. 
Oh you must get reservations, or in our case, we looked at what time they opened and waited 1/2 hour outside to be the first walk in. The second walk in was turned down. There is my sneaky little tip for ya;)Some of the best versions of classic New Orleans cooking that can be found.  Prudhomme himself has been fickle and mean to me on several occasions, but i just can't hold it against his food.Our waiter at K-Paul's was really great and made the dining experience really good. We had the fried green tomato with shrimp remoulade to start (awesome!) and for dinner one of us had the rabbit (amazing!) and jambalaya plate, the other had the pan-fried flounder with the pasta in sun-dried tomato cream sauce with capers (really good). A lovely assortment of delicious bread was brought to start off as well. 
The finale was a dessert that ended up being totally disappointing. We had the bread pudding which was way overspiced with nutmeg and seemed like it was a dish made from all the carrot bread muffins we had with our bread service. It was so full of nutmeg, we took 2 bites  each and pushed it aside. Nice dining room, fun to see the kitchen and talk to the cooks.On December 27, 2013 I ate K Paul's, Chief Paul Prudhomme's restaurant in the French Quarter.  The Dining Room is cozy with seating available by the window to the kitchen.  
Before appetizer's our waiter brought out a bread basket with cornbread, molasses muffins and jalapeño cheddar yeast rolls.  That was the best cornbread I have ever had in my life and the molasses muffins and rolls were out of this world and everyone ranted and raved about their entree.
The wait staff was energetic and well prepared.  The only complaint I had was we had difficulty with the reservation we made a week in advance but, it all worked out in the end and was a great expierence.It was a toss up between K-Paul and Mr B's Bistro. K-Paul won on the sheer fact I saw soft shell crab over this delicious looking linguine. 
There was no soft shell crab over linguine on the day of visit. Now I'm stuck sitting there eating their delicious bread basket consisting of pecan muffins, corn bread and jalapeño cheese rolls. 
The turtle soup was not very good. It tasted like a dark, hearty chili with meat that tasted like a mix of liver and ground meat. 
She ordered the duck breast with andouille sausage with rice. The breast meat tasted like chicken. Don't get this. 
The fried fish with shrimp étouffée like sauce over rice was good but it didn't taste like a $40 dish. Quite frankly, it wasn't that impressive either. 
We must have ordered the wrong things because I didn't enjoy the 5 star experience like the rest of the reviews.If I could give more than 5 stars, I would.  But that's all that yelp allows.
Let me start with countering a few reviews up here already.  First someone called the food bland.  Let's just start with the Caesar salad.  Plain salad, nothing super exciting, but K-Paul's still managed to give it some kick.  So whoever thinks the food is bland must have no taste buds whatsoever if even the salad has pep.
Next, people complained about the service.  I think you must have gotten someone on a really bad day.  I was there with a good sized group of people and Sean was AMAZING.  He got our orders right, he constantly checked on us, our glasses were never empty, and our food was served hot and quite promptly.  
Finally, some people have complained about having to wait.  I don' tknow where you are from, but where I come from, when you go to a nice restaurant in a big city, you  make a reservation.  And yes, K-Paul's takes them (up to a month in advance, in fact).  So if you are complaining because you had to wait, I'm sorry that is your own fault - this place is delicious and it should not be remotely shocking that other people want to eat here too.
Ok, but now let's talk about why K-Paul's is so great.  My friends took me here last weekend for my bachelorette party.  My maid of honor called ahead exactly 30 days before we got there (she looked up the reservation policy online) and booked a table for 13 people.  When we walked in the door, the table was decorated and there was champagne on it and our server was there to keep the glasses full.  My friend worked with the restaurant to get everything just right, and they were incredibly accomodating.  She would have to speak more to this since she did it all, but suffice it to say it looked great and K-Paul's really cared about us having a good night.
The food was just to die for.  The turtle soup, the blackened drum, the jambalaya, the bread basket, I could go on and on.  Then someone at a table next to us kindly bought a dessert sampler for the entire table, so we got to taste everything and let me tell you, that bread pudding just blew my mind.  Everything was delicious; even the people in our group who aren't the biggest fans of cajun food were raving about it.   We had one of the best dining experieces ever, and I will eat there everytime I go back to NOLA (that is, if I can get a reservation).I went to K-Paul's on a Tuesday and still faced a 45 min wait, so I was expecting something good as a wait on the industry's most dead day had to be worth the wait. Overall, it was a solid choice for dinner, but I would stick to the entrees... And don't leave without sampling the bread offerings. 
The blackened drum was my dinner and something I would highly recommend. Instead of the thick dark seasoning sometimes seen on blackened fish, this was a very well balanced dish. The chipotle butter was a bit much and I ended up taking off a large portion of it.
However, the shrimp and corn maque choux was good but not great. The bread pudding was very disappointing. While I did take this to go, what I opened was a haphazardly boxed dish and didn't redeem itself with a great representation of one of my favorite desserts. I'd go elsewhere in NOLA for dessert, but the entrees are spot on here.I know there were lots of good reviews for this place, and we may have been there on an off night (even though it was Saturday), but overall: The bread was awesome (as others have mentioned) as were the fried oysters, but considering it's in an amazing food city like New Orleans, it was incredibly overpriced and more than likely living off the name/chef's name. Will definitely not be going back.
First off, our waiter was polite, but had the demeanor of a butler at the mansion of an evil billionaire.
Our table tried the frog legs, the fried oysters, and the fried rabbit tenderloin for appetizers. The fried oysters were very tasty, although a bit salty, but were a highlight of the meal. The rabbit tenderloin was great and had a lovely mustard based sauce with it, although not a great bang for the buck (and we ordered multiple, although only 1 was ever brought to the table). The frog legs were the low point of the appetizers. Very little meat, $11-12 for 2 medium sized hot wings on 3 onion rings basically. 
I ordered the barbecue shrimp, and also tried the veal. The veal was maybe a 6 out of 10, with the highlight of the dish being the topping consisting of a sauce and fried oysters (which we enjoyed during the appetizer). The barbecue shrimp was an utter disappointment. I love new orleans style BBQ shrimp, and it literally looked like it could have been dumped out of a frozen dinner tray. The sauce was passable, but lacked flavor clarity and ended up being just a mash of very overpowering seasonings, The shrimp were tiny and overcooked, and the rice cup dumped in the middle was bland at best. I wouldn't have been as upset, except that every entree on the menu is $33. Like a flat rate across the board (except the steak which was $36).
In conclusion, outside of the Fried oysters, and the bread (which they brought out right before the entrees, and then it was pulled from the table), K-Pauls was INSANELY overpriced for what was had, and very underwhelming. In NOLA, there are literally a hundred other places you could get better food at, for equal or much less money. Maybe for a family gathering with older folks who like very simple foods, but if you consider yourself an adventurous eater, someone with a more seasoned taste palate, or even a slight "foodie", I would definitely go elsewhere.Start to finish is a delight on the taste buds. Classy, great service, I recommend eating every course from appetizer to desert; the bread pudding is scrumptious!Very disappointed
Came for lunch as dinner is near impossible to get into, besides it being almost cafeteria style order and pay at the bar disposable plates and silverware take your drinks to your own table. Mom had the shrimp and Brie soup it was nice more of a thin cheddar cheese soup with shrimp I had the pork shank. Skip the shank dry and flavorless and the beans and rice we leave on your plate. No flavor again for the $30 price of the lunch self serve meal it wasn't worth the stop.The best meal I had in New Orleans! 
We came here for dinner on our wedding anniversary trip and we were greeted with champagne and confetti at our table. 
Edgar was our server and he was very polite and attentive 
We started with the buffalo frog legs and the broccoli soup which were delicious. 
The jalapeno cheddar rolls they serve were fantastic, so good they gave me extra to take back to the hotel.
I also had the stuffed pork chop and my husband had the shrimp jambalaya.
The pork chop was sublime, along with the potatoes and green beans served with it. I have never enjoyed a meal that much. The shrimp jambalaya was delicious as well.
For dessert we had the Chocolate Hill. I consider myself a fan of chocolate lava when done right. 
People take a note from K-Paul, it should never be done any other way! 
A million compliments to the chef, I can't wait to come back!who doesn't love paul?  nobody i want to be pals with, that's for sure.
i've only been to k-paul's for lunch and i've only ever had the po'boy but here's why:  hulagirl is not a po'boy lover at all but the one at k-paul's is so good, it makes me want to pee my pants.  crispy, tender, flavorful shrimp and remoulade that will make you want to die and go to heaven just so you can hug jesus and tell him thank you for k-paul's.
and i know it's aggressive but save some damn room for dessert, people.  the sweet potato pie is to. die. for.The beef medallions in debris sauce is absolutely amazing!!!!  Great ambiance and would be excellent for a romantic dinner.  The wait staff is great!A-OK.  I wish I could say it was better.  Being in New Orleans, we thought it best to eat at K-Pauls.  Being at K-Pauls, we thought the idea dish would be blackened anything.  Turns out we were wrong.
The best turned out to be the gumbo.  Some of the best ever.  I wish I would have ordered a salad (great house dressing) and a bowl of this gumbo.  Deep, dark delicious roux......
I had the Blackened Louisiana Drum.  It was just a-ok.  The blackening did not impress me or my taste buds.  The vegetables were ok, but uninspired.  The potatoes were good.  My wife had the Blackened Sirloin.  Again, ok, but no great shakes.  Her Whiskey Sour was top-notch.
Kids enjoyed their fried shrimp, and I agreed with them.  Very tasty.
Service was good, the atmosphere was lively and inviting.  If I come back to New Orleans I might try it again, but not if it is my only meal while I am here.Great food and service !!! My husband and I were indecisive about what to order and Sheila was the most amazing person to help us through what to order! She is very kind and a very sweet person!!! She made this meal fantastic!!!Okay, I hate to not give K-Paul's a five star rating, but I've been there twice now and the first time stuck with me so well that I had to bring my fiancée back there years later. For the price, the service was not good at all. They didn't even offer us the restaurant week menu until we asked for it. When asked for a wine recommendation, the waiter just pointed to the second most expensive bottle (FWIW, their wine list is insanely marked up - they need more $35-45 selections) and then knew nothing about it. 
The food - delicious. Their sauces are divine, and everything is super spiced as you might expect. But for the money, there are a dozen other places you can go. You should go here sometime though - if nothing else, it is a pilgrimage.My first meal in New Orleans, and it was great and very filling.
After a ten hour flight from Hawaii, not much sleep, going to Jazz Fest, I stopped at this little restaurant.  I had walked passed it many times on other trips to NOLA, but there was always a line out the door.  Well, with goo luck on my side, a great little trio was playing some tunes just outside and I got a table right away.
I order the gumbo cup, and jambalaya with chicken.  It was great!  They also brought a nice basket with rolls and muffins.  I also had a Pimm's cup, not as good as the others, but good none the less.
I never finished my food, and I hate taking food back to the hotel, so I left half the dish with the restaurant.  I just could not eat any more!  And I so wanted to try their bread pudding.  Good thing I still have a week left here!Frog legs, jambalaya, grilled ribeye with brown butter... all amazing. Friendly staff. Fun setting. Recommended.I love this place! I have to take a trip to K-Paul whenever I am in New Orleans. The food, atmosphere, and service is always spot on. You must try the Blackened Drum Fish it is life changing.!Absolutely outstanding! Went here two nights in a row because the food was SO delicious. The first sensation was their house salad with pesto vinaigrette - I promise you it is amazing. We also had the best turtle soup ever here and all four entrées we had (drum, salmon, pork chop, beef tenderloin) were simply mouthwatering.
The experience was complemented by our waitress Sheila who provided outstanding service and gave perfect recommendations with her cajun charme!
Overall 5 stars because we couldn't have asked for better service, food or ambience. Definitely a place to recommend and will come here again when in NOLA!Yum! Loved this place when we went the last time we visited New Orleans. The bread basket is amazing and pretty much a meal in itself. Try to save room for the entrees!Dined here for the third time last night. Recommend to call for a reservation as even on a random week night, there were lots of folks. 
Meals come with big basket of various rolls.
Blue cheese dressing is still the best ever!!!!! Though the pesto vinaigrette and green onion salad dressings were very tasty.     
Cheese stuffed blackened pork chop was great. Cooked perfectly packed with flavor. Came with potato side that was too salty but rich in flavor.
We would go again but wasn't as awed by this dining experience as in the past. It was pretty loud and lighting was bright. Salty potatoes kept me from a 5 star review.Whenever I've visited New Orleans over the last 20 years I've had dinner at K-Paul's and every time I've left happy.  The food is superb - top quality fresh ingredients with massive depth of flavor.  This is beautiful, richly flavored, real Creole cuisine that's been perfected over a long period of time by Paul Prudhomme and his talented team of master chefs.We got here without a reservation. The wait was only about 15 minutes, so not bad at all. I ordered the Cajun martini, which was ok. Would give that a skip the next time. The gumbo and fried green tomatoes were amazing. Surf and turf with the blackened drum as well as filet were superb, but the best was the BBQ shrimp and the superb rice.  Wow. Desert was the special of the day, which was the apple tart- a definite miss. Overall, almost have it 4 stars, but the appetizers and main courses were just fantastic. Do not miss this place when in New Orleans.On our first night in town, the group I was traveling with was at our hotel bar and the bartender suggested we try this place, and even called in a reservation for us. We were seated immediately upon arrival, and our waitress was really cool and helpful. We split a trio of appetizers including the fried green tomatoes and all were very good. On the recommendation of the waitress I ordered the surf and turf, mainly due to her boast that the steak was aged and so tender it could be cut with a fork. After we ordered, we were brought a selection of breads that were AMAZING!  It was extremely difficult not to ruin our meal by gorging on bread. My two favorites were the jalapeño cheddar and the pumpkin spice. When our entrees arrived I discovered that the steak was indeed so tender that it did not require a knife. The reduction on top was very flavorful and the crawfish added just the right amount of kick. The fish was cooked so well that even the "fish haters" in our group loved the flavor. In all it was quite an amazing experience. I will definitely make this a must visit for my next trip to NOLA!The food melted in my mouth.  The sauces exploded with every bite. Both the blackened fish and the beef dishes were excellently prepared. The service was top notch as you would expect from a restaurant like this. I wish i could give them a five star but the noise level really took away from the experience.  I couldn't hear anything my husband said from across the table and trying to listen to the waiter was almost impossible.  When I go to any expensive restaurant to celebrate a special occasion, atmosphere is important. Perhaps it was because it was raining that night and the balcony doors were closed.Really really awesome meal ! We had gumbo, spinach salad (dressing was so good), duck,andouille , shrimp pasta Alfredo. Shrimp étouffée , veal chop, steak bites.... We all had very good meals. Nice place, dress is casual/dressy. Was a little noisy but we could still hold a conversation. 
This is our second time here (first was pre-Yelp).Our meal was EXCELLENT!.....the best we've had in New Orleans!  Rachel was our waitress.  She was a pleasure and Morgan was also wonderful.
We especially enjoyed the fried green tomato and shrimp appetizer, turtle soup, freshly baked breads, and blackened drum fish.
I am handicapped and brought a scooter in the restaurant.  The staff was very helpful!  
We Definitely recommend this restaurant!We came here for lunch on a locals recommendation. We've been waiting for 30 minutes for their simple "deli style" lunch which was shockingly overpriced. Getting ready to walk out, not sure what the hype is about.
*after about 45 minutes we received our food. Mediocre and overly salted.Three stars is not damning.  It means "A-OK", which is A-OK.  And this place is A-OK. 
The food is good, consistantly good.  Neither me nor wifey were blown away though.  We arrived on Monday evening in June, which meant that there were plenty of seats available, but be sure to reserve early if you want to dine on the weekend.
The starters were very generous.  Wifey had a sausage, which she enjoyed very much.  However, butchers in England generally do excellent sausages (go on you ignorant feckers, scoff away) and I thought it OK.  My seafood starter was fresh and very good.  
However, already we toyed with the idea of having to leave room for the entree.  We did not, but it would have been wise.  Wife had her crab, which was good, but for which she did not have room.  
I dived into my own fish, paused (a schoolboy error) and could no longer fit anymore in.  I have a very healthy appitite, but the portions were too much.  I would recommend two starters each and going tapas style.
Still, the pecan pie was very nice.  However, even the part of the stomoch reserved for desert (the existance if which is asserted by every child), was not up to the task.
It was all good.  The service was A-OK (though a little hesitant on recommending wine), the food was A-OK.  It was A-OK.  3 Stars.
Pro: large portions, perfectly good food.
Con: Not blow-you away food, $$$My wife and I stopped here for the deli style lunch before heading over to the WWII museum.  K-Paul's lunch was recommended to us from our waitress at Beachbum Berry's Latitude 29 (also worthy of 5 stars) the night before.
The deli style lunch was perfect!  You walk in, they give you a paper menu, have you seat yourself, and then direct you to order up at the bar when you are ready.  My wife and I looked through the menu for a few minutes, and made our choices.  I walked up to the bar, waited in line for a couple minutes, and placed our order.  The ladies at the bar were super friendly and kept the line moving quickly.  After ordering, they gave me a number for my table, and then we waited for the food to be brought out on plastic plates.
What did we order?  My wife had the Baked Chicken and Chartres Street Jambalaya.  We had jambalaya earlier in the week at one of the popular oyster bars, and this was so much better!  The chicken was good, but not special.  I had the Fried Flounder with Andouille and Tasso Hash (with the vegetable of the day - fried cauliflower).  OK.  This is the stuff that dreams are made of!  The fish was fresh, perfectly cooked, and the sauce was amazing!  I had never had fried cauliflower before... what an introduction.  So tasty!  And the hash was amazing too!
I think we spent about $30 total for the two of us with drinks.  A spectacular value, because this was a dinner quality meal for lunch prices.  Highly recommended!Cute place. Food was yummy. Fun decor (paintings of animals with the recipies... Of how that animal is cooked. But cute) 
Good: great cocktail menu. ($11) Food was excellent. Fried oysters (heaven!! $12). Black drum (lots of butter tho between the fish and the veges). Table bread was in a few varieties-- jalapeño cheddar and cornbread ones were excellent. Husband thought the BBQ shrimp were AHmazing (it's NOLA bbq... like boiled in broth rather than a sweet bbq sauce)  (both entrees $33). Bread pudding very nutmegy, which made me happy tasting like Christmas day and all ($6)
Bad things: dirty bathrooms. Outer waiter was curt and kept disappearing. As we left we saw why... several waiters out front smoking (ewww). Just wanted to taste what was Chantilly dessert cream, got charged $2.50 for a very very small portion. But I suppose it was worth it, Yum! 
Overall: expensive. But yummy.Dinner was amazing. Melissa our waitress was fabulous. The only down side was the lady at the table beside us who complained about everything. Ever time the waitress went to her table she had something to say. But Melissa handled it like a pro. The food was great I would def come back.Wow!!! One of the best meals I've ever had. The sausage and fried green tomato appetizer were absolutely delicious. The drum was cooked perfectly and so flavorful. The steak and stuffed pork chop were cooked to perfection.My husband and I decided to go here for dinner after walking by one afternoon. I made a call and had a reservation that evening. We hadn't ever had turtle soup, but the table next to us was raving about it, so we tried it. It was delicious! Then we had the crawfish enchilada...it was fantastic. For our main courses my husband had the blackened drum and I had the stuffed pork chop. My husband was impressed with the drum, which he'd never had before and I'm still dreaming about that pork chop! The service was beyond exceptional. I can't wait to go back and try more items on the menu.Service was great, very professional yet lots of fun, not uptight and stiff.  The basket of bread was ridiculous, could have made a meal out of that alone (Suck it Dr. Atkins).  Portions were generous but not excessive.  Based on the price and the quality/portions of the food, this is an exceptional value.  The restaurant had a small comfy feel, which was great, but it was a little noisy (there for a business dinner) and it made conversations a little tough.  I'd like to say that I'd definitely go back, but there are so many other places in NOLA that I need to try and K-Paul's isn't a LMOE (Last meal on Earth) restaurant.I have eaten some truly memorable and outstanding meals here. The restaurant is deceptive, it looks very plain from the outside when you are waiting in line, but it is very welcoming and upscale on the inside. Every dish i have had here was prepared with care and skill, the fried oyster that topped my blackened redfish was one of the best i've ever had, and it was not the focal point of the dish. Their version of jambalaya may just spoil you for all others. K-Pauls is on my list everytime i'm in town and i think most yelpers will enjoy it as well.We got in without reservation, but it'll be good to call ahead. Our Uber driver had nothing but nice things to say. The restaurant looked clean. Good crowd, fast service great food, I'll be back againThis was hands down the best meal I have EVER had. Even the bread basket was divine. Carrot Cake Bites, Cornbread Bites, Yeast Rolls, Jalapeno Rolls - all were delicious! I never review food but this meal was an experience and I just had to come share it.
Started with a cup of  the Chicken and Andouille Gumbo. The flavor was so amazing I never wanted the cup to end....For my Entree I had the Blackened Twin Beef Tenders with Debris Sauce, Broccoli and Potatoes. The mixture of flavors was like none other. I ate there several days ago and I am STILL dreaming about this meal. The blackening is something Chef Paul Prudhomme invented and is very different than how others use these spices. Pure perfection. To finish the meal, our family split a Toffee Cheesecake Tart....also - divine. 
The staff is like a well oiled machine, they are friendly and knowledgeable...and you can even watch the kitchen from a window - quite fun!
I HIGHLY recommend making this a stop on your next NOLA trip - you won't regret it!Had the most amazing meals in New Orleans we saved this for our last vacation meal. It was good, not great, but good. Had the chicken and jambalaya and it cooked well and seasoned perfectly. Just nothing over the top. Husband had the duck creole and he had same experience. Good, not great. Service was great!K-Paul's is a must in new orleans.  i had been before but had to take my lady cuz she had never been.  it was oyster fest and no other place had seating.  we were getting hangry (hungry + angry) and k-paul's was a just a shot since every other place had turned us down (i dont do waiting).  it was funny because the host pretended to be searching for a seat for us for about a minute but once we were sat upstairs it was obvious they had no problems with walkins.  the place is huge and sits a lot of people off the street.  
great waitress; she talked us out of the duck.  i am always impressed with staff honesty.  
martini was meh (too much vermouth) but i am a martini snob.  
the bring amazing breads before you get your meal and offer to keep the breadk coming which is unexpected since the breads are not your standard breads.
for app we split the green tomatoes with dill sauce and shrimp remaloude (sp?).  it was really really good.  dill sauce gave it a refreshing spin without over powering.
i got the surf and turf (beef tenders and blacked fish).  they say they change the menu's weekly but all the other yelp reviews had the same things.  beef and the fish were both great but a little too salty in my opinion (read that in a couple other reviews so might be how it is made).  it was good though.  my date got the salmon and that was really good too.  mash potatoes were great and so were the green beans (lots of Tony's).  
I would suggest K-Paul's to others because I do think it is a New Orleans staple but I personally don't like it enough to keep going back myself.Rather disappointing. Food was a step above good but nothing special. Will not eat here again. Magic is gone.We've been going to New Orleans 2-3 times a year for the past 7 years, and discovered K-Paul's back in 2013.  Since our first experience there, we've been back 26 times.  Every single experience there has been worthy of 5-stars.  I'm not exaggerating, we've never once left disappointed.  Here's how much we love this place:  on our last trip, in December of 2017, we were there 4 nights, and ate at K-Paul's all 4 nights.  We now depart New Orleans on Sundays.  Why?  Because K-Paul's is closed on Sundays.
My favorites include the green onion dressing on either the house or spinach salads.  It comes with the house salad, and you can also request it for the spinach.
For entrees, I've yet to go wrong, and my favorite is the Blackened Stuffed Pork Chop Marchand De Vin.
I can also recommend anything with shrimp, as well as the Blackened Louisiana Drum.  Also, the Eggplant Pirogue with shrimp is beyond description.  And the Blackened Twin Beef Tenders with Debris is amazing.
The menu changes daily, yet most of the above is pretty standard most nights.
As for the service, we've never had a bad experience.  We latched on to Sheila years ago and now we cannot let her go.  She has so much enthusiasm for her job and does whatever she has to for everyone to feel welcomed and comfortable.
We're headed back to New Orleans again in February and will once again be eating at K-Paul's every night.
This is the only restaurant wherein the food causes me to make sound effects.  Biting into a salad with that dressing or one of the above-referenced entrees will cause me to moan...I'm not kidding!deeeeellliiiish!!!
it was our first night in town and we wanted to start w a good meal. boy did we!
the bread to start, warm and fresh, was easily finished. we wanted to save room for our meals, but we couldn't help ourselves. the least favorite was the molasses. then we equally liked the rest: regular roll, jalapeño roll, and cornbread.
next were our appetizers: dancing crab legs and fried green tomatoes. we wish there were more than two fried green tomatoes bc they were nice and crispy on the outside while plump and juicy on the inside. especially with the sauce, it was a great combo. we also loved the dancing crab legs. i mean who doesn't love breaded crab legs that are fried and served with a chipotle sauce?!
for our entrees, we shared the blackened drum with mashed potatoes and grilled veggies, fried flounder with sautéed string beans and jambalaya, and shrimp éfoutée. we couldn't help but stuff our faces even when we were pretty full from the bread and appetizers. the shrimp was so very tasty. the flounder was fried perfectly and went well with the green beans. and the blackened drum i think was my favorite. esp with those creamy masked potatoes. now mix all of that together and you have one hell of a partay in my stomach!!!!!!Maybe one of my top meals in Nola. Even the bread basket alone was to die for! I got the Jambalaya which was SO good. Apparently the turtle soup is amazing though I didn't have it. I made a reservation in advance but it was easy to change. I had a bite of everyone's dish (pork chop, fried oysters, shrimp etouffe) and they were all great!Can I just say how grateful I am that I scheduled this dinner reservation as my last meal in New Orleans? The reason you ask? Because there is no way anything I ate on my entire 6 day vacation to the bayou that can even compare to K-Paul's. We had to get the earliest reservation, (5:30) but we came hungry. Immediately upon walking into the restaurant we were greeted and led to the upstairs dining room. It was dimly lit and intimate. I ordered the sidecar, which was described to me as a southern margarita. It was delicious and strong.
After ordering, the infamous bread basket arrived at our table. Appropriately placed on a pedestal of sorts, we received 8 homemade rolls (2 of each kind). Although they were all delicious, here is my ranking:
1. The cornbread. Too bad these muffins were so small because they were incredible.
2. The molasses muffin. My bf wasn't as crazy about this one as I was, but it was sweet and had a unique consistency.
3. The yeast roll. So much more than white bread.
4. The jalapeno roll. Wish there was a tiny bit more spice to this one, but delicious nevertheless.
Then came our appetizers. The fried green tomatoes with shrimp were spicy and perfectly crisp. The sauce on top of them was incredibly seasoned. The gumbo was made from a dark roux and was spicy and filled with chunks of homemade andouille. I couldn't believe we weren't even on the main courses yet.
Then came my entree. I ordered the blackened and stuffed pork chop that was covered in a dark sauce. Upon biting into this pork chop, I immediately noticed how perfectly blackened the outside was and how perfectly juicy the inside was. Chef Paul is the man. The potatoes that accompanied my dish tasted like butter as did the veggies. My bf got the blackened drum that he proclaimed was the best fish he had ever eaten.
Being the fat kid that I am, I had to get dessert. I am not a big bread pudding fan, but our waitress sold me on ordering it for dessert. When it arrived in a little bowl it was hot and smelled divine. It tasted creamy and had a hint of Courvosier to it. The bread wasn't too soggy and it tasted of caramel. This dessert converted me to a bread pudding fan.
Overall, my experience at K-Paul's was one of the best dining experiences of my life. From the service to the care and technique put into the preparation of the food, I was incredibly impressed. Every time I come back to New Orleans I will make it a point to get a reservation at K-Paul's.Came here as highly recommended. Glad I ate here. Ordered a bunch of different foods with a large group of people. These were the standout dishes:
App: frog legs, turtle soup, shrimp enchiladas
Entree: blackened drum!!!
(Didn't order dessert)I really enjoyed my meal at K-Paul's.  The service was excellent, the ambiance was wonderful, and my meal was delicious.  
I went with a large group of my co-workers, and many of them ordered the turtle soup.  It was really, really good (once you bypass the fact that it's made from turtles).  The cornbread was sooooo moist, and the jalapeno bread was yummy (we didn't care for the molasses bread, though).  I had the pork tenderloin, and it was extremely tasty.  While I don't really care for bread pudding, I was surprised how good it was.  
This was hands down my favorite meal during my stay in NOLA.My husband a and I have just returned from having a wonderful dinner at K -Paul's Kitchen.  Everything we ordered was great. He had the Gumbo and I had the Enchilada as appetizers and the we're terrific.  Entrees, filet mignon and stuffed pork chops were awesome. Cocktails and wine were also great. Our server Sheila was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. She took the time  to explain menu to us and answered any questions we had. I would definitely return to this place!Let's hope my girlfriend forgives me for ruining her 30th birthday. Pretty bad dining experience that ended with us paying way more than customers ever should when a restaurant has had such a rough night.
First off, our server was the meanest thing this side of the Mississippi. Unless she, too, had eaten cold crawfish etoufee from K-Paul's earlier in the day, I'm not sure what could have happened to put her in such a foul mood. I basically saw her as much as I saw Chef Prudhomme. 
Five out of our eight entrees came out cold, which is no surprise because it took 17 hours for them to arrive. It seems like everyone in the back was standing around, waiting for Chef Prudhomme to fire up the flat-top. To be fair, there weren't any pieces of shell in nine out of the ten fried oysters; so, no one broke a tooth, but we did have one golden-brown fried oyster shell. 
I guess I didn't mind being overcharged. Hopefully, the restaurant can use some of the money to widen Chef Paul's casket. 
The one star is for the 75 seasoning packets we got as a consolation from the manager. Now, if I ever need to blacken a grizzly bear, or a fully developed moose, I have all of Chef Prudhomme's old salt.The history behind K Pauls is fascinating: Chef Paul Prudhomme is a legend in Louisiana, He opened his first restaurant in 1957. K-Paul's has been going strong in The Quarter since 1979. Using fresh seasonings and spices, he specializes in creole southern style cooking. There are no freezers in the restaurant, so all menus are fresh daily!
I have visited here before and had a very enjoyable experience, so my boyfriend and I decided to make reservations and eat here for Valentines Day. 
Our reservations were for 9pm and when we arrived it was pretty busy. I am still pretty impressed at the wait staff for being able to take orders without writing them down. Our waitress has actually been serving there for 15yrs! 
We started by ordering the Fried Green Tomatoes with a shrimp chipotle sauce. We have had this before and love them! For our main meals, I ordered blackened prime ribeye with a brown garlic butter sauce, potatoes and fresh veggies. The ribeye was blackened in a cast iron skillet, it was good, but not one of my favorites. My boyfriend ordered Paneed(breaded) rabbit veal with crawfish and New Orleans red gravy pasta. The crawfish had scallops mixed in them. he had never eaten crawfish before and asked them to put them on the side. he was not a fan of the scallops, but he really liked the crawfish.
Our waitress was confused because he was asking about different things on the menu, and so when his meal arrived it was the rabbit, but with a different item. She took the dish back and within 5 min, he had what he ordered and then with a plate of breaded chicken as the chef messed up.
Non the less we still enjoyed our meal and obviously had plenty to take as to go. For delaying our meal and mixing it up, the gladly gave each of us a dessert on the house! I ordered the Flan with a pecan crumb base. It was awesome! My boyfriend ordered chocolate fudge lava cake. It was delicious and very rich. 
At the end of our meal, our waitress was kind enough to let me take the day's printed menu home as i scrapbook and they change out the menu daily. overall, we love coming to this place and would recommend it to anyone who has yet to try some creole-cajin style Louisiana cooking.This place is great. My date and I had ourselves some fried green tomatos to start off and it was a prelude to a good dinner. The different kinds of rolls and breads they brought us were also a nice touch.
I had jumbalaya and I had to tilt my head when it came to me all divided up and unmixed. Neverthless, after I threw everything together I had to debate in my head whether it was the best plate of jumbalaya I've had. I never settled on the idea but it defintely makes the top 3 list.
The service was good and treated us the same even though I had mistakenly come a bit too casual and underdressed. All around this was a nice elegant dinner all for under $100.I just can't say enough about K-Paul's and how they made an evening with my family, truly special.  From Sheila to Mark in the kitchen to everyone in the place, our evening with my wife and four kids was truly memorable.  We were lucky enough to get the Chef's Table for the six of us.  Sheila, our server was amazing.  From our initial introduction where she grabbed our phone to take pictures of us to spending time with each of our kids making them comfortable was remarkable.  We ordered such a variety so that all my kids could try everything (many dishes were a first for them).  In Illinois, not many 10 year olds get Frogs Legs, Rabbit, Veal, etc.
I can go on, but if you have never been to K-Paul's (my last time was 25 years ago), please go and ask for Sheila.My dad came to K-Paul's 25 years ago while passing through(having bought a cookbook and falling in love with Cajun cuisine). Unfortunately, there was a Gone Fishin' sign on the door. I now live in New Orleans and was so excited to eat with him there last night. The food and service did not disappoint! Everything was delicious. Pop had a perfect seat with a view into the open kitchen. My favorite bites were the fried green tomato appetizer, blackened drum, green onion salad dressing, and pecan crime brûlée. Portion sizes were very generous and bread basket was delicious (took all our will power not to fill up on bread!). It was truly a great meal.What can be said? This is an iconic establishment in New Orleans French Quarter with arguably the best Cajun food around. The chicken & andouille gumbo was perfect. The turtle soup had just the right amount of spices and tasted great. My wife and I shared the shrimp étouffée and all I can say is WOW. 
The waiter we had was very personable and made great recommendations. 
If you are in NOLA and want some great food, do yourself a favor and eat at K-Pauls.This may be the best meal in New Orleans.  Wonderfully prepared meals,  fresh cuisine and a true landmark! Won't bore you here, just get there when you can.Came here for lunch twice in a row for the BBQ Shrimp & Grits with Potato Skins. Once of the best meals I had in New Orleans and a pretty good value. The lunch concept is great, you go to the bar and order your food and sit down and your food is brought to you. Works for me. Can't wait to go back to NO and get more. My only setback is I wish there was a little more on the plate, I was still a little hungry and looking for more because it was so good. But I guess it is just lunch!Probably the best meal I have had in NOLA. Fried green tomatoes are insanely good. The blackened drum was off the charts. Service too notchA-M-A-Z-I-N-G!! Our favorite restaurant and a must stop for dinner when in NOLA. The food is impeccable. Everything from the bread basket to the Jambalaya to Gumbo to the Turtle Soup to the Paneed/ Southern Style Chicken Breast to the bread pudding (I could go on and on) to the Trout and Ribeye. I have never been disappointed with anything I have had here. The service is also great. One year a  member of our group was a vegetarian. Without  hesitation the waiter and the chef prepared something for our friend that was unbelievable. The bathroom facilities  are always clean. Great atmosphere and the staff goes beyond what is expected to make your experience worth every penny. They are more than happy to take pictures, recommend wine pairings, generally make you feel welcome. Price is very reasonable and affordable and for the quality and taste, I would say it is the best NOLA restaurant!What a disappointment!!!! Years ago, when we traveled back and forth to NOLA for vacations and P.P. was alive, we made it a point to get to K-Paul's because it was SO good. We hadn't been back in nearly three years, until tonight and we were shocked and saddened at how tragic both the food and the service have become. Let me assure any of y'all who are reading this review as tourists - New Orleans has MUCH better to offer you! Once upon a time, this restaurant prided itself on southern hospitality and fine cuisine. That's no longer the case. Although we requested (and received) a balcony table on this beautiful New Orleans night, even the scenic view and the quintessential Secondline could not have saved the meal. The bread basket - a K-Paul's staple is just as good as it's always been, but beyond that, things have turned sloppy and tasteless. Our server, Erin, was not at all warm or particularly interested in serving us. She gave us about 1 minute to review the menu and when I explained to her that we got caught up watching the parade and hadn't had a chance to look over the menu she asked what we wanted for dinner.....??? We decided on 2 appetizers to share, the house salad, and an entree to split. The appetizers and salad arrived at the same time. The sausage was bland, the crawfish eggrolls were decent at best and the "house salad" was nothing more than a handful of wilted lettuce out of a bag thrown sloppily onto a plate. So sad! Our meal arrived shortly thereafter and we can't help but think that Mr. Prudhome would be embarrassed at what was presented. A greasy, fried chicken cutlet with a scoop of what they called jambalaya - (really it was just rice with tomato sauce) and tasteless chunks of vegetables. We didn't finish it and didn't stay for dessert. Our waitress never checked on our food, never refilled our water, never asked if we wanted another cocktail or a glass of wine with dinner. We have lived full-time in New Orleans for 2 years and I can't honestly remember the last time I've had a bad meal; it's relatively hard to do here in this city of foodies. K-Paul's has lost its charm and I'm sad to say that we won't return. There are simply too many other restaurants. Try those Yelpers!Very disappointing. We made reservations since we weren't able to get in last year when we were in NO. We sat upstairs. Not the same ambiance as downstairs. My cosmo was too sweet. The food wasn't hot, only lukewarm. Blackened fish should be served immediately after cooking. My gumbo was lukewarm too. They are definitely living on their reputation since Paul Prudhomme died in 2015. But with Yelp that won't last forever. I'm sorry I have to write this review. Just hoping to set expectations for someone that reads this.Stay clear of apathetic management and angry to be a server (Patricia). Requested front of house management for a new server in order to make it through our eveing and he never bothered to check on us or clarify what the issue was. Very sad that our "here on business $" were spent here.Nice french quarter restaurant. I loved that the kitchen is open, so guests can see what is going on in the kitchen, it has a very homie feeling.
We went for the COOLinary month menu (restricted menu at a fixed price and you can choose one appetizer, one entree, and one dessert).
Let me start by saying that their bread they give you is amazing! The jalapeno cheddar bun is a must! The regular bun is pretty good as well. The carrot muffin had too much cinnamon in my opinion.
For appetizers we tried the Tourtle Soup and the Fried Green Tomatoes. They were both excellent, and I usually dont like green tomatoes. They put some oil in the turtle soup that hit the spot.
For entrees, we had the Blackened Stuffed Pork Chop and their famous Blackened Drum. The pork chop was perfectly cheesy! We loved it! 
I found the drum to be a little too salty, which was a little disappointing because it is their signature dish.
Dessert was a total dissapointment. We had the sweet potato pecan pie and the bread pudin. They were both extremely sweet, one spoon was enough. The bread pudin had more raisings than bread, and was topped with some kind of awefull sugary cream.Always happy here. A neat atmosphere of home cooking and white table cloth. This is Cajun. Gumbo is so personal but this one does not have file'. It is dark and rich but I miss that punch of the spice. 
Fried green tomatoes with chipotle shrimp remoulade was a hit. Crunchy, spicy and well cooked shrimp. 
The blackened drum was perfectly cooked --a signature dish and deservedly so. 
Others in the party had a jalapeño margarita that blended a touch of sweet with the heat and called for a second roundI have never had a bad meal at K-Paul's and I eat there 4 to 6 times a year.  Tonight must have been a bad night as the turtle soup was cool (less than room temp) and the Duck and Shrimp pasta should have been called "Essence of Duck" as there were no pieces of duck larger than a pea. YES I would go back as I do not think there is a better place to eat in New Orleans.My all time favorite restaurant in New Orleans. I have never had a bad meal here. I have so many favorites, veal with mango salsa, twin filets with debris sauce and the best soup/bisque I've ever had in my life - Butternut Squash with Bronzed Shrimp bisque. 
Going there for lunch is great also. Lunch is inexpensive and never disappoints.Wow this place rocks. Had the blackened Drum fish. It was moist and tasty not over seasoned. My best meal in New Orleans! For those that want authentic Louisiana food get over there. I also had the fried clams and one word describes them. Delicious!Awful! This place has gone waaay downhill. Don't waste your time or money here! Got a huge gob of uncooked flour from the onion rings right into my mouth because it was hidden under the crispy outer layer. The crab fingers were soggy and had bits of shell mingled with the bites so you had to keep taking shells out of your mouth....eww...The sauce for the frog's legs was meh, sweet and boring. The sweet potato pecan pie was not good, either...crust was thick and the pecans tasted stale.
Sorry to say, but Paul Prudhomme must be rolling in his graveThis is one of the must go to restaurants in NOLA for me.  Paul Prudhomme is/was NOLA food.   The blackened twin beef tenderloins are always one of my very favorite meals in NOLA.   Everything on the menu is great.  Some nights you can get the tenderloin surf and turf with redfish.  That is a treat too.   It's a beautiful room and the staff are excellent.   It's fun to walk back and see the open kitchen in action.I have been going to K-Pauls for over 30 years now. For many years, it was truly a delight to dine there, the atmosphere was as if you were dining in Chef Paul's own home, the wait staff was extremely welcoming and friendly, Chef Paul was almost always there and willing to take time to have a picture taken with you. The food was heavenly, and in fact was the impetus for my interest in cooking. My brother and I dined there this past April for dinner. The front room staff were condescending, the wait staff was downright rude. The food? It was good, but I can get "good" food anywhere, I expect extraordinary food from a restaurant such as K-Pauls. There is more to great cuisine than just throwing more butter and cream to the recipe. The serving portions were on the small side as compared to what they used to serve. For the first time in all these years I left K-Pauls feeling ripped off. The absence of Chef Paul is being felt here, when the cat's away...... The mice will play, and the cooks that Paul has entrusted to carry on his traditions are letting him down in a BIG way.  The only hope for this restaurant is for Chef Paul to come in and wipe the slate clean, from the employees in the front of the house to the cooks in the kitchen. Notice I didn't call them Chefs? That's because they aren't, they are merely cooks. Chef Paul, I admire you greatly, I hope you will see the writing on the wall and make things right at your restaurant, I am disappointed you are resting on your laurels. It would be far better to shut the restaurant down at it's prime, than to go out a loser. You are only attracting tourists now, that's a sure sign you are in trouble. We won't be back until you take control of this monster you have let be created. Spend your money elsewhere yelpers, there are now far better restaurants in New Orleans where your patronage will actually be appreciated, and you won't be served tourist food.Even though this is a well known chef, the food wasn't outstanding. The waitress talked so fast (Hannah) and had a bit of an attitude. I ordered my steak well done. Yes I know steaks tend to 'taste' better med or rare but well done is just my preference. My steak came out rare and I could only eat the edges. The blackening technique I just don't get. The debris sauce was like someone took the salt and just poured it in. It was an okay meal.Had a good meal but than at the end I gave her my debit card and realized I made a mistake and asked her to use my Amex instead she said okay and used my Amex well I didn't realize she had already run my debit card and now I have an expense on my Amex and a pending transaction on my debit card.  Very very unhappy.There are so many places to eat in New Orleans
Made the mistake of coming to K Paul's
Arrived as they were opening 
Lady was unlocking the door as we stood waiting 
She unlocks and turns around...no hello, kiss my ass...nothing!
We come in and are given two pieces of printed paper with their lunch menu
We are then told to go to the bar when ready to order
Our food comes on styrofoam plates
Ordered onion rings, fried flounder and house salad...mediocre at best!
There was a station with tea, ketchup packets, mayo, salt and pepper packets...all self service. I like lots of ketchup so that took forever...asked for house dressing was told that all are house dressings so I chose blue cheese it tasted like any bottled dressing...what I got from this experience is that they only do lunch on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday...employees don't like it!!!
Therefore we didn't either...they were rude and not friendly...
I just hate when I waste time at a restaurant like this where there are so many great establishments, we tried many while there...
I checked the reviews on Yelp before we went to K Paul's  since it had been years since we dined at K Paul's...used to be good...not anymore...perhaps dinner is good...but I will never go back...K-Paul's was a culinary experience! The food was incredible. The blackened twin filet with debris sauce was a top 10 favorite meal of all time! The pork chop was the best pork chop I have ever tasted. The bread pudding was so good, I had 4-5 bites when I really only wanted to taste it seeing as how I am not much of a dessert guy, and every bite beyond the first was one step closer to me actually exploding either in the restaurant or somewhere in the French Quarter. 
The service was top notch and the experience was unforgettable. I will not come back to New Orleans without visiting Chef Paul's restaurant.Spectacular restaurant and fantastic personal!!!
We had four different meals and everyone was totaly amazed about the taste and the quality. The true star was the waiter - unfortunately forgott his name. Never seen such a welcoming and great host. 
The only little negative I would say is the lack of choices for a vegetarian. See ya again!!!Walked over here last night after cocktail hour at a conference I am attending. When I got there about 8 there were no seats at the bar but I found a place to stand and started to chat with a patron who was finishing dinner. He said he would give me his seat when he finished, they only serve on that side of the bar, 4 seats. I asked the bartender for a recommendation, he wasn't all that helpful and said try a pomegranate martini so I said OK. But then the patron said he was drinking a cajun martini so I asked the bartender for that instead. Michael was his name by the way. The man gave me his seat and we continued chatting. Meanwhile, Michael made drinks for no less then 6 other people who just arrived. I waited a good 10-15 minutes for my drink. Good thing I wasn't desperate! Also waited quite a long time to get an order in.
Waitress recommended the Louisiana Drum out of my choice between that and the pork chop. It was very tasty but the cajun martini was awesome, for me just the right amount of spice. Not sure why Michael treated me like the poor relative but in the end it was all good.Loved their food the most during my stay at NOLA. blackened fish, shrimp remoulade, creme brulee and the service (Edgar) was outstanding.It's certainly not haute cuisine but they do a pretty good job of making traditional food with nice flavor and spice.  Jambalaya was the best I've had at a restaurant so far - still not as good as I can make at home but not an easy dish to do well in a restaurant environment.  If you go, get the multi-course meal which for around $30 is a good deal including salad or a spicy crawfish enchilada to start and bread pudding for dessert.  Certainly, K-Paul's won't wow the foodie but they have good food which can be reasonably priced (in the 3-course meal) and a very nice wine list by the glass (the bottles are overpriced but you will probably be able to find something you like).  Not my favorite ever, and I probably won't be back given the other great restaurant options in NOLA, but a solid restaurant choice if you don't want to leave the French Quarter or have a particular affinity for Paul Prudhome and/or his large contributions to the NOLA food community.  K-Paul's was an even better deal with a $60 Groupon for $30 - although you can't apply it to the 3-course menu so make sure that at least one person orders off the more pricey part of the menu.My husband and I ate dinner at the bar.   We felt kinda awkward b/c we were wearing our touristy uniform ("t-shirt and jeans), but the bartender was nice and friendly so we felt more relaxed.  I ate the entire bread basket - so delicious!  We ordered 3 appetizers (gator sausage, crawfish/artichoke, and the turtle soup).  They were all delicious.  Paired with a bottle of wine, we had a great evening.  Oh and to top the night off, the bread pudding was fabulous.K-Paul's Louisiana Kitchen has been a staple in New Orleans cuisine for such a long time that I felt that it was worth checking out and what better time than COOLinary to experience a sampling of their food. One thing I say when dining out in New Orleans is never leave home without a reservation. No matter how long the line is or how empty the restaurant, it is imperative and they will try to deny you without one.
We arrived at the restaurant and were seated in the second floor dining room. I liked it a lot better than the first floor since it was a little more open and offered better lightening. The feeling of the restaurant was the typical New Orleans vibe. It was a lovely setting!
Service at the restaurant is very professional and well organized. Not much of a a personal rapport was established, but we were given attentive service. I never felt rushed and I welcome that fact the a little bit of time was lapsed between courses allowing me to digest a little bit. Be aware that if you are a COOLinary diner, you will have to request the menu.
Dinner doesn't start without a cocktail (at least that's what I say), so I ordered a Pomegranate Martini. This was a fabulous martini with the right balance of alcohol and sweet. It was very refreshing on a hot summer night!
My appetizer selection was the Fried Green Tomatoes battered in seasoned cornmeal and layered with sauteed fresh shrimp in a chipotle remoulade sauce. The tomatoes itself were a little lackluster and I definitely wasn't into the thick batter however the shrimp was titillating on my tongue.
My friend had the Gumbo. It was satisfying if you never had Gumbo before but to compare it to others at different restaurants, it was only fair.
After that little tease, I was ready to eat. I had no hesitation to order the Shrimp and Andouille Creole. It was a tasty dish comprised of fresh ingredients and great flavor. The tomato sort of overpowered the delicate flavors of the shrimp and rice but the Andouille shined through. The veggies were so unimpressive they distracted from the dish.
The entree of choice for my friend was the Pan-Fried Flounder with Herbal Brie Cream. The fish was fresh and well prepared. The batter again was a little thick but the sauce was wonderful and made the dish.
After dinner I was stuffed so although dessert was already ordered, I was not not really looking forward to it. Don't know how I did it but I found some room in my stomach for a slice of Sweet Potato Pecan Pie (some of it). It was heavenly! The Pecans definitely add a necessary element missing from from plain Sweet Potato Pies. I liked that it was sweet but not deathly sweet and the chantilly cream was ooh-wee!!
To take advantage of trying another option we also ordered the Bread Pudding. It had more of a pudding consistency that a lot of other bread puddings. It was good but again in a city where almost everyone serves this dessert it was all right in the scheme of things.
The atmosphere was relaxed, the service was on point and the food was splendid however had I not been dining during COOLinary I would have found the prices to be unreasonable. At their regular prices, I would rather dine someplace else.Fabulous meal and very reasonably priced considering the outstanding quality of the cuisine and nice ambiance. We will definitely return on future visits.I went there with Katie O. and back everything she wrote in her extensive review.  The food was really exceptional and well worth the price.After debating with myself about whether to have a steak at Ruth Chris Steakhouse or K-Paul's Kitchen, I decided K-Paul's since I was closer in proximity and I've had a good seafood dish there before.  Unfortunately, I made a unforgettable mistake.  Their blackened ribeye seems to have been marinating too long - it was really mushy and terrible.  In fact,  I was forced to spend more time in the bathroom than I'd like.  If you like a good steak, stick with steak house selections and NOT K-Paul's.  They are better at delivering New Orleans seafood dishes.Wow,  such a fantastic place. Some of the best food I've ever had.  Both my wife and I had steak,  but different kinds.  They couldn't have tasted better but they had completely different flavors.  The debris sauce gravy was so good.  Very professional staff.  Our waiter was Tate and he was very knowledgeable  and friendly.Came here for a bachelor's party. The decor and atmosphere was excellent for a classy and elegant dinner. It's a nice contrast from the seediness that pervades the rest of French Quarter. Service was top notch. Tried the fried rabbit (tasted like chicken breast!) which was okay but nothing to write home about. The steak was amazing and definite worth a taste. The jambalaya was smokier than others I've tried but very flavorful. Maybe this is the "authentic" flavor? The drum fish was great. Grilled very well with a delicious cajun sauce. Probably the least heavy of the dishes I tried. The rest of the fare was typical Southern in terms of heaviness. Definitely will be sharing if I come back. If you somehow still have room for desert, try the banana pudding! But the surprise of the evening? The coffee. Smooth and aromatic without being overwhelming. It was definitely the perfect post-dinner beverage.Wow, best lunch that we have every had in New Orleans. My husband and I shared the shrimp salad with this wonderful dressing and the fried garlic chicken po boy. Everything was made with the freshest high quality ingredients and the portions were perfect, not too tiny or too large. You basically serve yourself by ordering at the bar and someone walks the food out to you when it is ready from the kitchen. The wait time was very reasonable. Would definitely recommend this place to someone who is looking for a healthy lunch that is not overly expensive in a nice building and atmosphere. Next time we will try a dinner for sure!The food and service here is excellent.  Our experience at this restaurant has left us wanting more, and we will definitely eat here the next time that we are in New Orleans.  Below are more details about the level of service, the food, and the atmosphere that we experienced on our two visits.
We were greeted with warm hospitality at the door, and were seated promptly although we did not have reservations (I would highly recommend reservations).  
We ordered the Cajun Jambalaya, the Blackened Twin Beef Tenders with Debris Sauce, and another dish that I can't remember the name of.  The Jambalaya was amazing.  The dish was not "hot spicy", but incredibly flavorful.  This was definitely the best Jambalaya that I have ever had.  The beef tenders were excellent.  
Jeremy's dish came out with mushrooms, which he had forgotten to order without. He casually mentioned this to the waiter, who then spoke to the chef, and had the dish re-prepared without mushrooms.
We decided to go back the next night for dessert only.  The bread pudding was very tasty, and rich, but not too rich.  The service this night was not nearly as stellar as the night before.  
As for the atmosphere, it is quite loud inside the restaurant, but not too loud to hold a conversation.  I agree with Dina H.; this is not a place for a romantic night out.  The decor is fun, and the recipes on the wall are entertaining to look at.K-Paul's....smack- dab in the middle of the historic French Quarter in N.O. ........Chef Paul Prudhomme's Restaurant .....one of the most famous and well respected Cajun Chef's in New Orleans! 
We stopped in for lunch. My husband & I started w/ the chicken & andouille gumbo...mmmm mmm Good For What Ales Ya!...then, he ordered the Oyster Po-Boy....lots of mmming and awwwing! My son & I ordered the Shrimp Po-Boy....again, lots of mmmming! Try & save room for the sweet potato pecan pie!!!!........Oh "Good Lord" Good!!!!! 
A New Orleans FAVORITE FOR SURE!!!If you are a visitor you would love this place.  Chef Paul created the blackened dishes.  Must try.  If you are a local its a nice date place but there are better places to spend your money especially since most places have dishes that taste just as goodMy husband and I had dinner here on a recent Monday on the tail end of a trip to NOLA. We were seated in the front of the restaurant on the main floor. The Butternut Squash Soup and Chocolate Hill were out of this world - Very, very delicious...We also enjoyed our entrees and the delicious assortment of breads and muffins...but there were issues with the service...The main server was friendly but seemed very nervous and made some awkward comments. She was probably new, yet she knew her stuff and made a nice suggestion of a wine to pair with our dinner...The young man pouring our wine was very aloof with a frown on his face. The other young man bringing the meal was very stiff and withdrawn. Our experience wasn't wrecked by these aspect of the service, but it was impacted...Would we come here again if we travelled again to NOLA? Probably...but we'd likely try the restaurant on a busier, weekend night to see if the overall service would be different...The ceilings are too low, the waitstaff too not-spectacular, and the wine too merely acceptable for the prices they're charging. Plus there's no Prudhomme wheeling around so the star power is lost. Fried green tomatoes were ace, broccoli overcooked, and everything else just good enough. If you want to get stew-ey etouffe or sausage or gumbo or some other pre-cooked cafeteria food I'd go somewhere with cafeteria prices.I just returned to K-Paul's after visiting it several times pre-Katrina.  The good news is that it's back in form.  Some might find the menu brief, but it's pure heaven.
We had the gumbo and turtle soup as appetizers.  This was my final attempt to convince myself that I cared about turtle soup.  I had tried it elsewhere and was unimpressed.  It was OK here, but the gumbo was better.
I had the soft-shelled crab.  Just superb.  My companion had a duck in what I'd call a semi-Vindaloo preparation, spicy and inventive, if not what John Lafitte might have expected.  They aren't just doing the old standbys.
The wine list is great, and I'd guess the desserts as well, but I had no space left.Absolutely love their deli-style lunch! This is my go-to place to take visitors for a po-boy - I like that the bread is a bit fancier (not your average hoagie), the tomatoes taste fresher and seasoned in more than just salt and pepper and there's obvious thought and care to the final presentation. It's a bit bougie for a po-boy. It feels fancy and gourmet. There's just something *extra* about it that makes it special, something that motivates me to trek into the FQ on a busy Saturday morning, fight through the traffic and pedestrians to find parking so that I can stuff my face in all it's glory. I always get the cole slaw side but I've nibbled on my friends' fries and  potato salad - all delish. So I can't speak for the rest of the lunch menu but it's definitely wroth your time to come here for a po-boy!Went for the first time to celebrate a birthday.  The food was delicious, and like other reviewers have said - the bread basket is out of this world.  I couldn't stop eating the little molasses muffins.  Our appetizers were the maque choux, turtle soup, and the rabbit.  All were delicious!  Entrees were a surf and turf and the blackened louisiana drum.  Yum!  
Had great service and nice relaxing meal!Our last night in New Orleans we managed to get an early reservation to K-Paul's. So happy we did! Everything from the bread to the martini was amazing. The bread basket has 4 different types of rolls and every one of them is delicious. I fell in love with the jalapeno roll. I'm afraid I ate too much bread so ended up not getting dessert...beware of that! I tried the turtle soup and was blown away. I've never had it before but I can't imagine it being any better. It's spicy, and has ground beef mixed in with the turtle. The blend is perfection...I could go for the soup and bread alone. 
For entree I got the tenderloin which was so tender and juicy that I could cut it with just the fork! It melted in my mouth, and the sauce was to-die-for. I'd drink this stuff, it was that good. Sort of an au-jus on steroids, with a kick. Perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked...a little pricey but worth every single penny. 
I loved the atmosphere with the fun artwork on the walls and the very cheerful server. I rolled out of there a very happy customer.A must do when in NOLA.  Went there for the second time last night and wondered why I waited four years to go back to this restaurant.  Fried rabbit was amazing!fantastic atmosphere, loved the art on the walls, and the food was served hot and tasted delicious.  We got the surf & turf and it was way enough for two of us, and we were very very grateful that the server had mentioned this to us as we were looking at the menu.My first time dining in New Orleans and from talking to people, I expected exceptional food experience. The service at  K'Paul's was excellent. Food came out quickly, the atmosphere was classy. But the food was only OK...The potatoes smothered in gravy were the highlight on my plate for sure. But my pork chop was tough and the vegetables that came with it over cooked. My friend's meals were also only OK from what they described.Excellent restaurant and food choices and tastefulness. Service a bit slow but understood due to touristy demand.  We chose blackened drum, spinach salad, oyster appetizer and all choices were good.  Our waiter, Marcelo, was a bit challenged but good as well.Food - The Duck and Shrimp Dulac was a very nice dish. I'm not too familiar with Louisiana cooking; but my business companion and I both thought our dishes were excellent. The combination of flavors was original and enjoyable. 
Atmosphere - The dining room was cozy and comfortable. Our table for 2 may be been too small for some, but we were comfortable and were there for the food and the experience. 
Service - Our service was efficient and friendly. 
I recommend this restaurant to friends that I know will be traveling to New Orleans.Food was hearty and delicious. All of the typical dishes had a twist that made them so special. Service was friendly and professional. We felt welcome with our kids in this rather fancy place. Yummy!!Loved this place so much my boyfriend and I came two times. We had the best service. Our waiter was amazing. The gumbo and desserts were the best we had in all of New Orleans.We have dined at K-Paul's three times since December. Every visit has been absolutely wonderful! Great food, a friendly staff and pleasant atmosphere. We fell in love with their stuffed potatoes, so I tried to replicate this dish at home with no success. When the manager on duty, Morgan, learned of our desire to replicate the dish, she not only copied the recipe for me, she gave me samples of the "magic" seasonings! What unbelievable service. Thank you, Morgan!I don't know what dizzy tourists leave 4-5 stars for a restaurant serving on plastic silver and foam plates.  The portion size was a joke.  The prices are a joke given what was served.  The potato salad served gives New Orleans a bad name.  The shrimp poboy was not even close to a shrimp poboy!  What the hell?? I will never go back.  Yours truly NOLA native.Dinner was amazing and I just had appetizers! But what was even more unique and special was my server David. He was so gracious and engaging and proud to work here. He could absolutely read my preferences and made suggestions that were SPOT ON.  A new NO favorite. David and the  fried oysters FTWWe had an awesome lunch here on a Saturday afternoon. Got there at just the right time as the line was out the door by the time we left. Ordered the burger with crispy potato skins. Partner got same with sweet potato fries. Both sides were amazing, and the roll the burgers were on we're fabulous!!! Topped it off with a Strawberry basil drink that was yummy!! Great experience and super friendly people.Many highlights to our four night stay in New Orleans but this was the best restaurant experience of the trip. The food was great (jambalaya, blackened drum fish, blackened beef tenders) and the service spectacular (Sheila made the evening special).
We were there on a Monday night so I presume that's why it wasn't overly crowded or unreasonably noisy. 
We'll be back to New Orleans, and despite the many restaurants in New Orleans, we'll be back to K-Paul's too.Blackened Stuffed Pork Chop Marchand de Vin or Blackened Twin Beef Tenders with Debris?
Get both and prepare for some of the THE best food ever ANYWHERE with impeccable service.
Custard Marie Crème Brûlée with a Praline Bottom for dessert? Don't mind if I do. Om-nom-nom-nom.Had lunch here twice while in New Orleans.  Was my favorite meal while I was there. Had the shrimp po boy both times, but there were other great looking items on the menu as well. You order the meal at the bar and they bring it out from the kitchen to your table, seemed like a pretty casual type atmosphere for lunch anyway.  Also had a spicy bloody mary with jalapeno infused vodka which was very tasty.Excellent food but very pricey.  I was with a group of 10 and we did have a reservation.  Our server, a woman, was wonderful and clearly used to working with tourists with no understanding of the local cuisine.  She answered all questions patiently.  Though you can certainly go into this restaurant in jeans and a tshirt, it's clearly an upscale place.  I had a petit filet mignon that I still dream about.  While the food was excellent and so was the service, the restaurant was clearly a tourist draw and a bit overpriced.My husband and I have walked past K Paul's at least 100 times on our many trips to Nola. I cannot believe that we waited this long to stop in! We had the best dining experience at K Paul's! I ordered the blackened drum from the many suggestions on Yelp and was SO glad that I did. Oh and the Fried Softshell Crawfish appetizer was surprisingly amazing! Service, atmosphere, food were all perfect. We will most definitely make K Paul's a tradition on our trips to Nola!The stuffed pork chop was excellent and service just as good. All the food was good, definitely a must if you are going to the french quarter.Great atmosphere!  Tried some of everything...gumbo was rich and full of flavor. Shrimp enchilada had a great meaty sauce over it. Rabbit Sausage was tasty and delicious with the tomato sauce over the top!  Surf and turf I will be getting again as the red fish and carved filet was on point!  The fried green tomato app could be an entree if you ordered three and mixed the shrimp and sauce with rice!  The bread basket was best ever as the assortment went from carrot and pecan to jalapeño yeast roll. Service was impeccable.Terrible. Way over priced. Paper plates. Plastic utensils.  Place your own order at a bar and oh be sure to go ahead and tip. Wouldn't want a tip based on service. Best I can tell just stay out of New Orleans. Dirty, raunchy, hope I never have to come back.Was not impressed.  I had high expectations.  I enjoyed the fried green tomatoes.  Frog legs i'm sure were fine, but didn't really enjoy them.  The rabbit jambalaya it was kind of dry reminded me of Applebee's.  Had some other meet deep fried and it was rather bland.   I was at a table of 12 and the waiter brought out on dish at a time.  Everyone was confused why he did use both hands and grab two plates.Very authentic Louisiana kitchen. I love the hint of spice in the dishes. Shout out to our server Sam who was incredible and so attentive!!!Ok dinner was an entirely different affair (see my lunch review below)! Dinner at K-Pauls is just fantastic, I was so pleased with my choices and the service was spot on. A NOLA classic, if you are going to be there try it and you should leave happy, I sure did.
My first review... before I had dinner there.
Went for lunch, food was decent but not crazy good like so many NOLA restaurants. It was a bit pricey for what we received.This was some of the best food I had ever had. Like seriously, I might put this in my about me section under 'my last meal ever' it was that good!
Being a Minnesota native, I don't get to experience seafood at it's finest nor anything like grits, biscuits, and GREAT po' boys and coleslaw, like the southerners do. Nic and I decided to venture to New Orleans since we were only an hour away and my goodness so glad we did! 
We walked along Bourbon street just because we had to, but there was no way we were going to eat there, not saying there are only bad restaurants in the most touristy part of town, but it's crowded and usually more expensive. So we walked a few blocks away and found this lovely restaurant. 
It was empty when we entered, granted it had just opened for the day, but boy did it fill up quickly. We were handed a menu and told we could sit where ever, and when we decided on our food, we could order at the bar. Since we had already decided we ordered right away, got  our water, and lemons (Lemon water is huge!) and sat down. The concept was that the 'server' called out your name when your food was up. Our came very quickly. We ordered the Fried Green Tomato Po' Boy, topped with shrimp in a remoulade sauce and a bunch more fresh tomatoes and lettuce. It came with a side, which we chose the coleslaw, along with waters, this mighty sandwich was $13.95, and worth every cent! 
Everything fried in the south is great, they care a lot about they way it is fried and the breading they make, and these green tomatoes were perfect, crunchy, and beautiful. The shrimp where crisp, the sauce was spicy and clean and the fresh herbs, tomatoes, and lettuce was a perfect match to the fried stuff. The bread was delicious and big enough to suck up all the juices that fell out. It was a very messy sandwich, but what do you expect!? The coleslaw is vinegar based, a little sweeter, and has apples mixed in, and is probably my new favorite coleslaw, I don't know if I can ever have a cream based one again! 
All in all, I want this place in my neighborhood. Sadly, I'm sure that will never be the case in MN, so I'll just have to travel here again!
Also an interesting side note: I totally forgot that I had a friend who used to live here and later when I asked where I should have gone, she said this is the place she would have told me to go! Funny, absolutely, but I guess I have an eye for greatness!I first went to this restaurant soon after they opened in the 80's. The fabulous, creative chef Paul Prudomme has passed preceded by his wife K, but their spirit lived on in the restaurant. It's still in the same building but with extensive remodeling. I kind of miss the old creaky floors. 
Great bread service. Yeast roll, jalapeño roll, corn muffin & carrot muffin. All excellent. 
Rabbit tenderloin-mustard cream sauce. Pretty well cooked rabbit. Moist on the big  end. Sauce is definitely a "Paul" sauce. Has the breading been toned down? Good dish & I would order again.
Wow! Spinach was waaaay over seasoned. Very, extremely over salty.. over everything else. Chef needs to taste!!! Told my server "Pls tell chef that the spinach is waaay over seasoned". No response. Wonder if she did?
Attentive service otherwise 
Not busy. Lots of shorts and t-shirts. I guess it's just the times & im real old fashioned. This is still a white tablecloth restaurant. And shorts & a NASCAR T just feels wrong. By 9:00 they were full.
Mashed potatoes are puuurfect!! Side of bell peppers, squash, carrots with a little cayenne & veal stock reduced(?).
Veal is just right. Maybe a little over salted in the breading. But a Paul Prudomme dish for sure!!!
Is this as good as it once was? No, but many of the dishes are familiar and in the style of Paul. I was happy with the experience. And I'll return over and over.We went there to celebrate my birthday.  Waiter and food great.  It was a rainy night and we asked if they would call us a cab.  Their reply, you can go to the hotel around the block and the will hail one for us.  For the price they could have made a call instead of making us walk in the rain.  Never again.First time in New Orleans and first place we ate at shortly after our arrival.  Do not be fooled by it's location...(kinda reminds me of downtown San Diego). This place is awesome!
We had the best service ever from the sweetest waitress (Sheila), who must be quite popular because several of the customers were taking pictures with her. 
The atmosphere is pretty chill and welcoming.  You can tell the people there love their job...everyone was so happy and having a good time.
Again, do not be fooled. The food is right on par with 5 star dining in my opinion.  I ordered the shrimp alfredo pasta, which came with a huge deep fried stuffed crab. It was sooo delicious.  The batter on the crab was crispy and full of flavor.  The meat was juicy...the portion quite generous.  The alfredo sauce is addictive! I don't what crack they put in it but I could eat the sauce alone with some bread...that's how good it was. 
My husband ordered the stuffed pork chop.   It was stuffed with like 3 or 4 cheeses and smothered in gravy. I would say we picked the top 2 dishes off the menu without even trying anything else.  I'd highly recommend the pork chop.  It was cooked medium well I believe but make no mistake this was pure perfection.  I would definitely come again and for sure suggest to anyone.  Come with an empty stomach because the portions are huge!Fried oysters for appetizer was decent.  Came with complementary basket with an assortment of breads, of which the jalapeño roll was pretty tasty.  Waiter gladly replenished the jalapeño rolls after I polished it off.  Got the blackened twin steaks with debris sauce, which I believe were filets, 4 oz. each.  It came with mashed potatoes and veggies.  Veggies were almost too soft, but mashed potatoes were okay...very smooth...I prefer my mashed potatoes a bit more chunky.  Steaks were cooked to med rare as requested, but flavor of the steaks were just okay.  If anything, the dish seemed a little heavy handed on the salt.  My friend who got the veal felt the same regarding the saltiness.
In terms of service, it was pretty good considering how busy the place seemed at the time.  As some others may have commented, it seemed more like a touristy place...the food was not worth the $110 after tip for 2 people who only got one appetizer and did not order dessertWe took a wild chance to visit K-Paul's on a Saturday night without a reservation. To our delight there had been a cancellation, and we were able to be seated right away. We had the Fried Green Tomatoes with Shrimp Caper Dill Remoulade appetizer and were very pleased with it. I ordered the Blackened Louisiana Drum, while my wife had the Classic Shrimp Etouffée for the main course. We both found our dishes to be well prepared, with just the right amount of seasoning and not too heavy. We shared the bread pudding for desert with some coffee which was a nice finish to the meal. While the prices were a little high, the atmosphere was nice and the service was excellent.Hands down our favorite restaurant in New Orleans. We first ate here back in 2002 and have been going back ever since. Have never done the deli style lunch, only dinner.
It's advised to make reservations, although my husband and I have been able to get a table without them- granted it was the dead of summer!
We usually dress informally, but not shorts/t-shirts. A skirt or dress for me, long pants and a polo for the husband. I would feel under dressed otherwise although I have seen people dressed much more casually. 
The decor is understated with beautiful prints by George Rodrigue on the walls. We have been lucky enough to be seated on the balcony on warm summer nights and also in the upstairs dining room. A huge comfy booth for a group of us. 
Bring your appetite, everything is outstanding. The basket of warm rolls, I always wish there were more! The jalapeno rolls....oh my they are heavenly! The cornbread, to die for! I would love to just have the biscuit basket for breakfast every morning.!
We've had a variety of entree's from K-Pauls but the best by far is the stuffed pork chop. I was disappointed on our last visit with the pork chop was not on the menu! There is nothing ordinary about this pork chop stuffed with melting asiago cheese and herbs! 
I'm getting hungry writing this review, just remembering how wonderful that meal was.
Other favorites include the fried green tomatoes, the gumbo and blackened drum. I don't think we have ever had room for dessert so I can't comment on the desserts!Given the length of time that this reataurant has been in existence, and given its renown, I was worried that it might be past its prime. No way! The food here is just superb!  There were four of us, including my 8-year old daughter, my wife and my mother-in-law, and we all loved the food, the ambience and the service. 
The dining room upstairs was peaceful and not nearly as noisy as the downstairs dining room.  And the bar makes a wonderful Sazerac.  Definitely go to K-Paul's if you can get a reservation!There's nothing I can say except -- amazing!  5-stars in every category.  Don't miss the fried green tomatoes!Great place to dine. The entree prices are a bit high at $29-34, but the portions are generous and the food is excellent! We ordered the Louisiana Drum -tasty and a but salty due to spices, but good. The stuffed pork chops are delicious and the carrot cake is yummy!Went tonight after sampling Emeril and Besh, thinking I'd not like Prudhomme at all, and that he'd be a holdover from the 1980's.  Actually enjoyed our meal the most of the three.   Granted, it's aspirations are not as high end as Emeril and Besh's top restaurants, but you get the feeling Prudhomme knows who he is and does it well.
The staff is great, a bit on the casual side, but frankly after some stuffy restaurants I welcomed their friendliness.   Nice wine by the glass list, plenty of great mixed drink specials, and huge bottled wine list.   I noticed some very interesting choices on both glass and bottle lists....bravo to the sommelier.  
 The menu is not extensive and stays close to what Prudhomme has been known to do for the last 3 decades.   Had the Caesar to start....the dressing is a bit too thick and oily, too much thick grated cheese just plopped on top, but the greens were cold and fresh and the slight cayenne kick of the dressing was perfect.   Partner had the fried oysters, loved them.   Nephew had the gumbo, which we all tried....excellent.
I had the flounder with jambalaya and veggies.  Lightly fried, simple foil to the terrific jambalaya flavored with lightly caramelized tomatoes just like a great sofrito/paella.  Nice combo of sauteed veggies on the side lightly seasoned with Cajun spices.   We also had the blackened filet with debris sauce (perfectly cooked rare as asked) and rabbit (excellent.)   My only complaint, and this is something I have with all Cajun, is that everything kind of tastes similar because of the usual spices and trinity base. 
Desserts were amazing....praline creme brûlée and bread pudding.  Portions were appropriate, not overwhelming like at other establishments.   Presentation of apps and entrees is more down home on the plate, as if you're eating at your grandma's place.   You won't get mile high towers or dribbled sauces.   But you'll get a great dinner.Every time I meet my parents in New Orleans, they want to eat at K Paul's LA Kitchen. The food is always good (my dad would argue it's excellent), and they always throw together a vegetarian option, even if there aren't any listed on the menu.  This last visit our waiter was a bit obnoxious--- first, he made multiple (6 - 8) jabs at my being vegetarian.  It even started to annoy my parents, who LOVE to tease me about being vegetarian. 
The kicker was: when my dad asked about a certain menu item, the waiter said, "Honestly, I think it has too many ingredients for common people", implying that my parents were somehow common and wouldn't appreciate the option. Even if he meant to imply we aren't 'foodies' or don't 'work in the business', we are eating at an overpriced restaurant that is known for having great dishes... that must mean we love good food, right? The food was still delish, but the service took away from our experience.Delicious food, great atmosphere and attentive waitstaff. We ordered the deep fried crab fingers, prime rib and stuffed soft shell crab pasta and everything was fresh and tasted amazing. We would definitely come back again.We were walk-ins and they seated us quite promptly. Servers was helpful. Food was outstanding. Everything was very flavorful. I had a rib eye steak that was so nicely seasoned, My love had some jambalaya which was also quite yummy. The pecan bread was incredible.Good food in a crowded and loud environment.  Long lines waiting to get inside, perhaps influenced by the chef's name recognition.  Very casual feel with a wait staff that has trouble keeping up.  Not for special occasions, but okay for a decent meal.  One bonus - several recipes are listed on the tablecloths, so you can try them at home.Gumbo 7/10. Very chunky with sausage and chicken. A little on the salty side. In fact a lot of their food is Luke too salty.Recommended by many when we asked about places to dine in new orleans.  K-Pauls has a full menu made daily, and they have no freezers so all ingredients are fresh. 
We started with some appetizers such as the fried frog legs and onion rings, fried crab claws, house salads and the corn breads and muffins on the table. The fried frog legs were great, but the sauce that they paired it with made it too salty and took over the natural taste that should be enjoyed from frog legs. 
For entree , I opted for the surf and turf (blackened louisiana drum and ribeye) option.  The steak was amazing and cooked perfectly, but the fish was wayy too over seasoned and was overwhelmingly salty for my taste.  
The best part of the visit was the service.  The waitress was amazing in giving us details on all specials.  She made sure our water glasses were always filled but she was never intrusive of our conversations.  One of our party members also decided he wanted the pasta instead of the fish 15 minutes after he placed the order.  She was able to change it for him, no problem!  That is how service should be!  We really enjoyed the visit , other than the over seasoned food, it would've been a perfect meal. 
Note: all items we ordered from our menu will probably vary from what you see, as the menu is customized daily.  My visit was December 14th , 2013. Please see my uploaded picture for menu copy.K-Paul invented blackened fish, and if you are in New Orleans you really should have at least one meal here.  The restaurant is upscale but still relaxed.  Everyone was polite, attentive, and friendly, but don't expect the waitstaff to hang out and become your best friend.
We ordered fried green tomatoes, which are served with shrimp in some sort of delicious magical sauce (I believe it was called Cajun remoulade) and the blackened fish to share.  Our waitress also brought us the delicious bread mentioned in other reviews.  They weren't exaggerating.
The vegetables were ok, and the potatoes were good, but just potatoes.  However, the entree was cooked perfectly and tasted delicious.  Apparently the trick to making blackened fish is to cook it in clarified butter, so no wonder it's so good.
As a side note:  DO NOT get the clever idea to have dessert before coming to eat at K-Paul's.  You want to begin this meal hungry.  I have no idea why my friend and I did this (I blame the hurricanes), but I'm pretty sure the waitstaff are still laughing at the stupid bitches at table one who ate pie before coming to the restaurant.i wanted to have one good, fancy, sit-down meal before I left the Big Eaty, I mean Easy.  I picked K-Paul's for the simple reason it was a real short walk from my hotel.  At the appointed time, I donned a reasonable semblance of Yankee Blanche Dubois getup and went by myself.  I was about a half hour early for my scheduled reservation and was going to just have a drink at the bar and wait, but they were able to seat me right away.  
They put me close to the kitchen which normally I would bitch about, but one of the features of this joint is that the kitchen is open and situated so you can see the hardworking chefs going about their business in it.  Nevertheless I asked to be seated facing away from the kitchen because seeing a bunch of people running around kinda puts me off my food, even if those people are chefs and waiters.  I sneaked some looks at it over my shoulder between courses.  My waiter said I could go talk to the chefs if I wanted but I declined because they were trying to work and were very busy and the last thing I would want if I were busy working behind a hot stove would be some obnoxious foodie tourista bugging on me.  
I had the blackened drum and a variation on a molten chocolate dessert, all of which was very good and generous portions so half of it went home in a doggie bag for breakfast tomorrow.  I specifically ordered the drum after reading that some of the dishes were maybe overrated but you could not go wrong with the drum.  It came flying out of the kitchen literally minutes after I ordered, which made me wonder if they had 10 drums all made up and just stuck 'em in the microwave on command, but it tasted fine.  This place invented blackening, and it's very nice to get blackened fish that tastes spicy the way it's supposed to, rather than a scorched hunk of junk with an entire box of mixed pepper dumped on it, which is what "blackened" usually means at hotel restaurants and the like. 
My waiter was tres attentive, and  I was in and out of there in an hour.  I didn't feel like they were rushing me out the door at all - they were just really efficient and I ate pretty fast.   
At around 60 bucks for dinner, wine, coffee, dessert, tax and tip, yeah it was kinda pricey but (for me anyway) not off-the-charts pricey or unusually pricey.   I do think that for those prices they should enforce the dress code a little bit more, because when I'm going to drop upwards of 50 dollars a person on dinner at a "business casual" restaurant, I don't really want to see anyone over 18 or under 65 dressed in big ugly Nikes and crappy Wal-mart polyester stretch tops like they're at an Olive Garden.  I'd say about half the patrons got it right and I guess K-Paul's doesn't want to argue with the other half.   
However, the hosts do seem to get tetchy about people who try to eat there without a reservation.  There were two "walk-ins" ahead of me trying to get a spot and even though there were several empty tables that didn't fill up for at least 50 minutes, they were getting a bit of a hard time.  I also got a high-handed response over the phone when I tried to make a same-day reservation on Saturday;  whoever answered told me rather snobbily that they don't take same-day reservations and you need to come down and see what is available.  My advice is to just save yourself some annoyance and make an advance reservation, which you can do online at their website.  
All in all, this was not a mondo exciting culinary adventure but simply very good food in a convenient and reasonably nice location.  I don't know whether the locals eat here and don't really care; what I do know is, it sure beat having yet another generic hotel steak.Fantastic, I have been here three times and it never disappoints.  Be sure to have the fried green tomatoes with shrimp and remoulade.  You can't go wrong with picking any of the entrees, but the beef tournades with the debris sauce is out of this world.  Service is good without being pretentious.DO NOT ENTER for lunch.  This is basically cafeteria food that is just average.... all the good reviews must be for dinner bc the stuff we ate here the other day could have come out of a frozen dinner box - yep it was that lame.Went to K Paul's for our anniversary and really enjoyed the food and service, both were excellent. 
Edgar, our waiter was superb, his recommendations were spot on.  The stuffed pork chop was one of the best dishes my husband has ever eaten.  I had the drum fish which was cooked and seasoned perfectly. The cheese grits were outstanding. 
Highly recommend K Paul's.This is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. I am a huge Paul  Prudehomme fan, and think he outshines Emeril in many ways. One of them is that he only keeps his one small restaurant in New Orleans other than the multitude that Emeril keeps all over the world. They use fresh ingredients daily which they base their menu around. The bread basket is fabulous, it has jalapeño  bread, and carrot cake muffins. We had the red beans and rice for an appetizer which came with homemade andouille sausage which was great. We also had the fried green tomatoes and shrimp appetizer which was good.  For the main we had the surf and turf. Prudhome's signature blackened drum paired with a small filet. It was heaven on earth. If you are a first timer, the blackened drum is what he is known for.  A rare and coveted 5 Star rating from me.Delicious food and perfect service. Best meals from Louisiana we have eaten.
Try the Crawfish and the tuna ! 
And the bread....just woaw !I've been here twice.  Once was amazing.  The other time was one of the worst dining experiences of my life.  When I'm paying $40 for an entree, I like the waiter to know about the wine list.  Maybe not be an expert, but at least not give me the "I'm not much of a wine guy," line.
My girlfriend and I ordered filets cooked rare and medium rare and they both came out well done.  
We received an e-mail asking to rate our experience at the restaurant and I was honest with them in saying that our experience was lacking.  It turns out that the server had just been promoted from busboy.
The food here is very good, but if you make reservations, make sure you don't sit upstairs.  Turns out that is where the rookies learn.The staff managed to squeeze us in on a Saturday night and although the staff wasn't spectacular they were on top of it, pleasant and didn't stop by a million times to ask "How is everything, ma'am?" which was sort of nice. We both ordered off the specials menu which turned out to be a great plan. The fish was wonderful and comforting with a bit of spice. The Pecan pie was possibly the best dessert I've ever tasted. Seriously. The Bread pudding wasn't he standard bread pudding but didn't have that contrived-to-be-different sort of feel either. I thought about getting another order of both for later (although I didn't in the end. Sad Face.) I really loved the food, and I would go back, but I would like to see one change: consistancy. If the bare brick walls are covered with slightly odd cartoonish receipe paintings, and the table linens are covered with said paper cartoon things, with an open kitchen then I expect the staff to be a little more friendly, a little less "This is K-Pauls please maintain your dignity!" It's Cajun cooking for pete's sake! It should be as friendly as the people, so Paul need to remind his manager of that.Not very impressed.  The entree was decent but the accompanying vegetables were awful.  The broccoli was mush and seemed like it sat in a steam table for hours.  The service was alright but does not match up with other "chef" restaurants.  I thought NOLA was better on all counts.  The website claims business casual but it seems more casual.  There were people in the dining room in shorts.My husband and I went for our anniversary dinner and although it was pricey it was worth every penny. We started off with the fried green tomatoes which were delicious and had a nice kick with the chipotle sause. As everyone was saying the blackened Drum was amazing!!! As well as the eggplant, which was creamy and rich, melts in your mouth. The pecan sweet potato pie was a great treat to end the meal.Awesome dinner!  I had the shrimp and corn Maque Choux, loved it, and my friend had the gumbo. We had blackened drum fish and blackened beef tenderloins for dinner, delicious. Jalapeño rolls were killer, and our waiter, Edgar, added to the experience. He had great recommendations, and hailed us a cab as we left. Fabulous evening, highly recommended.K-Paul's was lovely like before.  This time, I had a mixed drink that in retrospect, I wasn't in the mood for- it was ok (it was called Porch-something). I had a Cesar salad, which was wonderful, and included a healthy amount of anchovies splayed across the top, which I love.  For my entree, I had breaded veal, which came with a variety of veggies and rice.  We had a plate of four breads, which were wonderful. I finished the meal with a decaf coffee mixed with Chambord and topped with fresh whipped cream.  So good!  Service was top notch.Nice looking restaurant with fairly friendly staff, but not as warm as all the other venues we have ventured this week like Commanders Palace and Brennan's. We came for the home of blackened fish and let me tell you, it was amazing. Blackened fish means the fish is pan seared at a white hot temp but not burned. Served with a compound butter, whipped potatoes and a squash medley, it was heaven.  The Cajun Basket had a whimsical eggplant basket that was so tasty.FOOD & SERVICE: 
I was so so so sooooo excited to come and eat at K-Paul. My party of 11 had dinner reservations at 815, we arrived at 810 however did not get seated until 845. We got seated and our server talked us through the freshness of their seafood, no microwaves in the building, and no freezer etc. He informed us that all of their beef selections will be cooked medium rare, unless specified. I ordered the Rib Eye, medium- not medium rare- just medium. Our food came out, and all I can see was fat fat fat fat and fat. I started on one side of the steak and it was cooked perfectly medium. I promise you about half of the steak is simply fat. I've had plenty of Rib Eye, and I know what a rib eye should taste like and I have never seen anything so fatty in my entire life. I asked the server about it and he replied back "Rib Eyes are usually really fatty. Did you mean you want something more lean?" He should have informed us in the first place, he put the blame on me. He asked if I wanted a slice that's more lean, but by the tone of his attitude it sounded like I was stupid and that I was wrong in ordering something I didn't know of. I replied back upsettingly no because I wanted nothing more to do with this rib eye. The rib eye barely had any flavor, it was such a plain piece of rib eye, the best part of it was the mashed potato and broccoli. I cut the other part of my steak, and it was completely raw! I have provided pictures to prove that my steak was extremely raw, to the point where it was purple. The consistency of the steak was terrible.I wish I could come back and listen to Louisianans say "etoufee" over and over again. And the pictures of Paul Prudhomme make me smile; that guy *looks* like a chef. You want to eat his food and then give him a big hug.
All that aside, this was a great meal. Other than Cafe du Monde, K-Paul is probably the most well-known place we dined. It was also the most expensive. Though I loved the meal, I wouldn't say it was hands-down the best food I had on this trip.
Portions were way larger than we're used to, so we had plenty of leftovers for the next day's lunch. We still stuffed ourselves with shrimp etoufee and eggplant pirougue (the "cajun canoe"): seasoned, battered, and fried eggplant with sausage, shrimp, and rice. Plus veggies (sort of). Capped with the largest piece of red-velvet cheesecake I've ever seen. The restaurant had a great wine list and their bartender (tip of the hat to their manhattan) was a good one.
I suppose it all just seemed a bit produced. I recommend it, but I'm sure there's better.Love this place. Golden Chicken Breast with Shrimp pasta was AwesomeFirst time here ... Came here because seven people wanted seven different types of food.  K-Paul's has it.  The decor is excellent ... Relaxing not pretentious.  We sat at the "Chef's Table"and we had a great waitress.  She explained the whole menu to us and made great suggestions. Shout out to Sheila. 
Decent wine list and normal bar drinks. 
Food was outstanding.  The rolls others have talked about were very good... Especially, the southern biscuit. The jalepeno and cheese rolls.. Almost melt in your mouth.  I had the Blackened stuffed pork-chop and it was ... Perfect.  Three mushroom medley and a baked potato that was baked, scooped and cubed, then the skin was deep fried and cubes put back in the potato... Then this mushroom medley gravy poured over it ... Very, very good.  Not one of our group said anything negative about their food.  Good size portions, prevented us from having deserts.  
Will make this establishment ... A must visit when I return to NOLAWe were looking for a tasty, local meal to take out of town company visiting the French Quarter for the first time.
Food we had at our table:
Bread basket
Turtle Soup
Gumbo
Fried Green Tomatoes
Caesar Salad
Spinach Salad
Blackened Louisiana Drum
Penned Rabbit with Andouille
Eggplant Pirogue with Seafood Atchafalaya
Bread Pudding
Creme Brulee
Sweet Potato Pecan Pie
kids: chicken tenders and mashed potatoes
Highs:
FANTASTIC service - our waitstaff was extremely attentive, especially considering we had three children in our party
FOOD HIGHLIGHTS - bread, turtle soup, fried green tomatoes, LA drum, rabbit, creme brulee
KIDS - We were probably a bit crazy to bring kids with us. They were definitely the only ones in the restaurant. We had the first seating, and they were fine, but I spent more time than I would have liked worrying about whether or not they were going to bother other patrons. Our table was quite central which helped with service, but made me feel rather front and center. They had several options they could make for kids - fresh chicken tenders and mashed potatoes, pasta with a white sauce, and something else I can't remember.This was the best.  A family friend gave us a recommendation to come here and he was right on the money. We had the chicken and sausage gumbo, fried green tomato, jambalaya and they all tasted exactly how you would imagine-delish! This is what we searched for the entire trip the food was well seasoned but not too heavy. All the main dishes you think of when you think of the city were on the menu. It was a nice place with a comfortable feeling we will be back next time.Ate the duck, veal, andouille and shrimp St. Rose. It may have been the best meal I've ever eaten. Started out with the delicious rolls (cheddar and jalapeno!) and then had the gumbo cup... then the main dish - the carnivore's St. Rose. Ended up by sharing a panna cotta with my compatriots.
Unbelievable. Worth the price.Three of your employees were just smoking pot across the street from Naplolen House by the courthouse.   Do you think I should eat your restaurant?   All in food service uniforms.I ordered a duck and shrimp based dish.  The duck was overcooked though they did not ask my how I would like it.  The waiter and manager were very kind. They inspected it and said that this was the way it was normally served.  They let me choose something else. Good but not exceptional  Service was excellent. Somehow I think our tastes have changed but the restaurant has not. My wife's dish she said was ok.  Tradition vs change.  Over the hill or thats the way we always made it? I write this review not as a complaint but to help you decide based on your style of food preparation.We spent the weekend in New Orleans and made it our goal to try as many Po' Boys and Bread Puddings as possible.  And after 6 restaurants, K-Paul's Oyster Po' Boy was the absolute best!  The oysters were lightly battered and the bread was a light french roll (not heavy and over-powering).  The highlight of the meal was the bread pudding (and trust me when I say we tried a few in town....).  The bread pudding was perfectly moist, scooped in a bowl and topped with cream cheese icing.  We went during lunch time, and we weren't a big fan of the deli-style seating...but worth the wait!Only had 2 nights in NOLA and chose our dinner reservations carefully. K-Paul did not disappoint.
Yes the bread basket is great yadda yadda... Wish I hadn't filled up on those jalapeño biscuits. 
The sausage appetizer came with 1 sausage which wasn't quite worth the $8. You live and you learn. 
My stuffed soft shell crab appetizer was a-ma-zing but I could barely eat half the plate. (Sharing is caring.)
The highlight of our meal, however, was reading aloud Paul Prudhomme's background story. What a wonderful contribution he has made to Cajun cuisine. And did you know he was grazed by a bullet? Wikipedia, my friends.When we are in Nola, our trip is not complete without a meal here. Everything you order will be delicious!  Soups, appetizers, and entrees are always great.My husband and I ate here over 20 years ago when you had to wait in line, had community seating and good food. We decided to see how it was.  They now take reservations, have real tables with tablecloths and still have great food. Our waitress was great.  My husband had the surf (drum) and turf(filet).  I had some of the filet with debris sauce, excellent. I had the chicken, also good.  I had the individual chocolate bunny cake and it was wonderful.Excellent hospitality! Portions were humongous, absolutely amazing. We were able to take a picture in kitchen with the kitchen crew which is a great memory.A restaurant is for feeding (that's the first star).  A revered, top level (pricey) restaurant is for hospitality, quality, comfort, menu, relaxation, professionalism (the remaining stars).  K-Pauls succeeds on item one, but fails on items 2,3,4,5 & several others.  K-Pauls, if cheaper 2-stars, as it is 1 star.
I've been to many restaurants in NOLA that were also tourist oriented, but excellent and professional.  This one is tourist oriented with no interest of the victim ever returning.
about;  Large room, crowded, noisy, smallish tables.
Since the loss of Paul Prudhomme, we've lost 2 - 6. 
Service was sloppy and inattentive, often clustered at the back and uncooperative with each other.  Attention now is on speed and cost.  (barely had my fork into my appetizer, when the main course was put on the table - there was not space for all of that but it remained on the table.  I ultimately had my appetizer for desert in order to keep the main warm.  Answer to any question in no, we don't do that, at a hospitable restaurant the answer usually is yes, if we can, I will ask.
Food was ok,under-seasoned, uninspired.  Local provenance of ingredients was not high on their menu.  Menu not particularly varied.
Service was not attentive, had to seek out pepper, etc. No manager ever passed by, though they could see a confused table-top.  I guess they are not interested or unhappy with their employer.
Although the service deserved 0 tip, knowing that income is tight in NOLA, I left 15% of the overpriced bill. When I left, I said goodby to the waiter, who met me with a sneer (perhaps because I had to ask another waiter for the pepper grinder, our waiter was not to be seen for a long time) (I wish they could have refunded me the tip!)
Visit NOLA.  Hard to make a mistake (I did) In NOLA there is choice, and even by accident you are likely to do better.
-tMy company held their xmas party here and it was really good. We had a nice sized party room upstairs and the food was excellent. What was nice is that it was a buffet so I didn't have to chose just one item, I was able to have many. 
Service was excellent and the food just as good. My only small complaint was it was very warm int he room and there wasn't much circulation. 
All around good time.Monday 7-14-14 a group of 30 of us went to K Paul's for dinner...
being we had reservations for a group of this size K Paul's was prepared with an area and tables to seat all of us.
The wait staff was fantastic and went out of their way to make sure that everyone was accommodated in every possible need.
It was unanimous by the entire group that the food was fantastic, the drinks were prepared perfectly, the service was excellent and prompt which was surprising for a group as large as ours was.
If your planning to have a group dinner, K Paul's is the place to go, you won't be disappointed.Our second trip to K-Pauls.  Getting in was tough even with a weeks notice.  Had a late dinner that was very good, but not excellant.  Our waitress was very attentive and interacted well with all her guests.
Our meals were good, we definitely come back, but not a knock out like other have told us.  The decor and ambiance is great, the food presentation lacked a little for a restaurant of this caliber.  
Overall just a few nuances, maybe a little off because we had very late reservations and we just about closed the place down.  Not our favorite NOLO restaurant (more on that in another review), but worth the visit.  Certainly is a little spendy...Amazing, amazing, amazing. One of the top 3 meals of my life! Thank you K-Paul! 
The bread basket is awesome, don't skip it! Had the amazing Andouille sausage as an appetizer - I could've had ten of these, so good! Then the pork chop for my entree which was with a peach chutney sauce and a side of bok choy which tasted like nothing I've ever had before. I had every last bite, craving more when I finished. I had a bite of the twin beef tenders and oh my, the most tender piece of beef I've ever had (not to mention so tasty!). We topped off this meal with the bread pudding and creme brulee - both so heavenly. I'd fly to NOLA just to have a meal at K-Paul's that's how much I love it!3.5 stars probably the right rating.  Really hyped up and expensive.  Food is decent to good, but not worth the price.We thoroughly enjoyed our even at K-Paul's.  Our server, Mary, was pleasant helpful and engaging. She was attentive and made great recommendations. 
The food, as expected , was fabulous. I had the blackened drum with a filet with debris sauce. It came with broccoli and yummy mashed potatoes. My wife had the Coolinary menu that began with fried green tomatoes, followed by the flounder and creme Marie dessert. 
The atmosphere is nice and comfortable. We did not park but I believe they do a 2 hour validation at the hotel across the street.K-Paul's is an absolutely outstanding restaurant that isn't completely off the beaten path, but also isn't one of the more cliché New Orleans eateries suggested by residents.  I know one of the chef's (Paul Miller) through his daughter (not very well) and find his preparation outstanding.
The last meal I had at this restaurant included fried rabbit's leg in a delicious dijon sauce for an appetizer, followed by the double filet mignon.  Both dishes were outstanding, and very well represent the Southern menu.  You will often encounter classic Cajun fare (i.e., shrimp etoufee) as well as other universal favorites as those described above.  The menu tells the entire story.  Bon appetit.The food here offers less of a value preposition than many other restaurants at New Orleans.  The food here is good, but it's not significantly better than cheaper establishments.
I have to admit that we had stuffed ourselves at lunch earlier, so we probably weren't able to fully enjoy K-Paul's.  The warm freshly baked bread basket was the one thing I was able to enjoy.  We started with the buffalo frog legs.  They were too spicy for me, but my boyfriend enjoyed the tender meat which he described as "chicken with a sort of fishy taste."  It came with a stack of onion rings, which, though fresh, were too heavily battered in a peppery dough.
For our entrees, I ordered their signature blackened Louisiana drumm while my boyfriend ordered the rabbit jambalaya.  By this point, I was already really full, so I could stomach less than half of my fish.  It was ok, but I thought the buttery sauce was a little too rich though I did enjoy the crawfish in it.  My boyfriend's jambalaya had a very intense taste, but I didn't enjoy the fried rabbit meat on the side.  I felt that the dish was too elemental - the fried meat just didn't go with the rice.
Though I was seriously stuffed, I had to get the bread pudding dessert!  I don't like very cinnamon-y desserts, so I wasn't partial to this version.  In addition, I wasn't a fan of the boozy vanilla substance on top with a butter-like consistency.
Service was amazing though.  Our waiter was funny and efficient, and was very helpful with the menu.  I had told them it was my birthday, and they decorated the table with some party confetti and gave me a nicely wrapped canister of Cajun spices.
Overall, I had a good experience, but I don't think that I'll be coming again since there are so many other places I need to try!My husband and I were vacationing in New Orleans and had to try some top rated Cajun restaurants in the process.
The ambiance is wonderful, walls are exposed brick with illustrated recipes on the wall. Dining room is open and spacious and feels homey.
Service was attentive and timely without being intrusive. Water was refilled promptly and additional rounds of drinks were produced swiftly. The waitstaff try all the dishes during their training and can make solid recommendations.
I can't speak to the authenticity of the individual dishes but the menu had a range of Cajun entrees and sides. We split the gumbo (no seafood in this one) which is a must-try. I ordered the beef tenders and my husband had the flounder. The beef was tender, no steak knife needed. The debris sauce was essentially straight  umami although at times I found it too salty (and I'm extremely generous with salt myself). It's served with creamy, buttery potatoes and cooked broccoli. The flounder is fried and served with a spicy vegetable mix and jambalaya with fried shrimp. The jambalaya was out of this world tasty, it overshadowed the rest of the plate. Dinner is accompanied by a bread basket with multiple options, the sweet cornbread muffin is the highlight. For dessert we split the special, a chocolate fudge pie. Like everything before it: tasty but rich.This was my second visit to K-Paul's and I'll be back someday again.  We were lucky and able to make a same-day reservation on a Friday.  We started with fried oysters which were delicious and followed with the blackened drum and the eggplant pirogue.  Both were too large but very, very good.  I usually try to avoid the bread basket anywhere but this one is worth a try--lots of variety and all of it good.  We ordered a slice of sweet potato pecan pie to go and I was happy that the restaurant included plastic silverware.  The pie was great--not too sweet.  The only reason I'm knocking off a star is because our server seemed a little out of sorts although she was competent.I have to say this was my other favorite meal from my trip.  We made reservations for dinner and was to get in and was seated as soon as we got there.  
I wish I knew they had a whole upstairs and balcony seating though, I found out after the fact.  
You get a complimentary bread basket which had 4 types.  Creole muffin, pecan muffin, a jalapeño cheese roll and a regular dinner roll.  We shared 1 of each since we wanted to save room as well.  All the breads were yummy!  Jalapeño was my fav.  
We split a cup of the gumbo which was yummy.  Just wish they had a version with seafood but just chicken and sausage.  Good flavor though.  
We split the jambalaya with salmon plate which was wonderful!   Great tomato flavor in the jambalaya and the seasoning on the salmon was wonderful!!  Very fresh and soft salmon.  Veggies were fresh and crispy!  
I took the rest of the bread home even when I usually skip the carb!  Service was great!  Friendly and attentive!  
Definitely a must if you are there!K Paul's has been on my radar for years and finally went last night. A big fan of the founder and have his cookbooks. Food, atmosphere and service were good but nothing was great. Started with the fried oysters with buffalo sauce and blue cheese and all I tasted was buffalo sauce and blue cheese. Oysters were overcooked and it could have been fried anything. My entree was soft shell crab which was also fried and again a lot of good flavors but couldn't taste the crap. My wife's Caesar salad was slightly wilted and over dressed. She also had the fried green tomatoes with shrimp which she really enjoyed. I made our reservation a month ago and asked for a nice table since it was our 25th anniversary and they took us to the second floor without many people and not very festive. Asked if we could sit in the main dining room and then they proceeded to take us to a back room so I pointed to a vacant table in the main area and they accommodated us. But making a reservation and it being a special occasion didn't seem to make much of a difference.  Now I can say I've been to K Paul's but don't think I will need to go back.Amazing food! The service was excellent, they took really good care of us and although the restaurant was busy the service did not lack.  I had the gumbo as an appetizer and although it wasn't a huge portion it was amazing and really satisfying! Emmy wife and I both ordered their specialty the blackened Drum fish and it was not disappointing ! Great restaurant and incredible food!We have tried a lot of different restaurants New Orleans and there are a lot of good restaurants in New Orleans, but for our taste we have never found a better one. We went to 
New Orleans to celebrate our anniversary and had made reservations at K-Paul's online. They ask if you are celebrating a special occasion and I indicated that we were celebrating our anniversary. As soon as we were seated, someone came out to wish us a Happy Anniversary and then brought us 2 complimentary glasses of champagne--that was very nice, but the complimentary basket of fresh baked bread they offer to everyone was incredibly good--especially the jalapeno yeast rolls! For an appetizer, I ordered a cup of chicken andouille gumbo--very good, very meaty! I ordered the Bronzed Salmon with a crabmeat and pecan topping which came with mashed potatoes and  sauteed veggies--no question the best salmon I have ever had. I could not eat it all--I am still stuffed!I came here this last Monday with my mom. It was our first time in New Orleans and we heard the food was delicious. I read the reviews for this place and it seemed ideal. We sat down and ordered a jambalaya. As we took our first bite we saw a mice going across the restaurant. We were absolutely grossed out. We spoke to the manager she said mice are very common in restaurants in New Orleans, REALLY!!!! She gave no apologies then asked if we wanted to be move. She then moved us to the very back. We obviously were not interested in eating anymore. We asked out waitress for our check and we were charged for the jambalaya that we took one bite out of. We had to ask for it to be removed. Terrible service and a ridiculous way to handle such a gross thing. I'm very disappointed. Completely ruined our dining experience in New OrleansSolid restaurant. House salad with Bleu cheese dressing was excellent. Whiskey sour had real lemon sour mix. Chicken and jambalaya was cooked well although it was an unusual jambalaya which reminded me of red beans and shrimp creole. Spicy! Was good tho, No right way to make jambalaya but lots of wrong ways. Most of the jambalaya I tried in NOLA was not very good. I think it might be one of those dishes that is best made through trial and error and eaten fresh or frozen.Fabulous Red Beans and Rice with sweet potato fries. Shrimp po boy and onion rings was equally wonderfulWe came to eat here for the first time on Friday, and we're so blown away by the delicious food and fantastic service by Lauren, our server, that we came back on Saturday for Round 2. Lauren brought us a couple special dishes not on the menu that were off the charts. Thank you!My dining experience at Chef Paul Prudhomme's restaurant was the absolute culinary highlight of my first visit to New Orleans.  I've been back to New Orleans many times, but have only been in the city long enough to dine here only twice in my life - I'm looking forward to many more tasteful memories here.  
I had the fortune of experiencing the restaurant, "back in the day," before they took reservations, and before their expansion in 1996.  We experienced only a few minutes of waiting in line.  At that time, based on your preference, you could wait a longer time for private dining upstairs OR family-style seating below [generally, a shorter wait, here, for obvious reasons (i.e. you can be seated next to strangers - I found this only enhanced the dining experience)].  
No words can describe the Classic Shrimp Etouffe.    Everything about it was just perfect.  It was the type of dish you just wanted to slurp in all at once because you just wanted the flavor to last in your mouth.  The texture, the combination of flavors, ahhh.  It seemed so simple, yet tasted like nothing I'd ever experienced.
Someone else in my party had the "Blackened Twin Beef Tenders Debris" and let me sample it - it MELTED in my mouth.  Truly the kind of dish that keeps me from being vegetarian altogether!  And how about the "Blackened Louisiana Drum!?"  This would've been the next dish for me!
I couldn't leave without having dessert, so I opted for the Chocolate Hill, after much deliberation.  Minus two forkfuls, I ate the entire thing myself.  It was super rich, but apparently not too rich for my taste.  
I'll be back, K-Paul!great but heavy. avoid if you are trying to watch your weight or blood pressure or salt intakeSo when you start out by meeting legendary Chef Paul on the way into his restaurant you are already on a high. What a lovely man he is and he was so nice to everyone who wanted pictures and talk. The food was out of this world. My brother ordered bread pudding for dessert which I don't like then he gave me a bite. Oh...my...goodness!!!! It rocked my world! That has to be one of the top 5 best desserts I ever ate - and I don't like bread pudding! No one was more shocked than I was. He also ordered shrimp and corn maque choux which was phenomenal. The red beans and rice were layered in flavor and were delicious. The restaurant is charming and comfortable. Its a must do in New Orleans.K-Paul's was our first meal during our trip to New Orleans.  The only reason this spot was on our list was because of its "Best Thing I Ever Ate" feature on the Food Network.
My wife ordered the Blackened Louisiana Drum and I ordered the Surf & Turf.  It was tasty, but by the time we got through half of the fish, it became a bit overwhelming and salty.  In addition, the vegetables that came with the entree looked like something you could get from the frozen food section at the grocery store (a bit underwhelming).  The steak was definitely the highlight in my dish.
As for the ambiance, the restaurant was lightly dimmed and we felt as if we had to speak softly.  There didn't seem to be a dress code, but I felt underdressed in my jeans and sweater.
Another thing I must make note of is our waitress was a hoverer.  She hung around our table and it felt like she was listening to our conversation.  It's nice that she was ready to serve us, but a little privacy would've been nice.
When the bill came, I was pretty shocked at how pricey it was.  Now that our trip is over, I can honestly say this place was overpriced, especially when compared to the other delicious food we tasted at other restaurants.  Our meal came out to just under $100 for just the two of us...and we didn't even order drinks or dessert!
Next time we go to New Orleans, we could probably do without eating here again.Good atmosphere. Good bread basket. Great pasta served with the rabbit (which was fair). Average dishes. Kind waitstaff that was overwhelmed. Sadly, the highlight of my meal was the carrot muffin in the breadbasket. :)They didn't know who they were dealing with
What a sham organization, catering to the tourist masses
Next time I drop by they will be out of business
They need to get professional help, who know the clientele when they walk in the doorYum! The jalapeño bread is to die for. The best gumbo I have ever had and I'm from LA. From my grandma to my Cajun step dad no one made gumbo like this. It was dark and rich and will have me making my own chicken stock from now until forever. The shrimp and corn maque choux brought my husband back to his childhood. The only thing I thought was wrong was since Chef Paul has died there is no originality.My absolute favorite gumbo.  Everything on the menu is full of flavor.    Was easy to get in at the last minute and accommodated my son when there was no child menu.    If I had a complaint or would be the charging per soft  drink refill was a bit unexpected.We had a group meal and everything was great stuff Porkchop is amazing very good I would recommend it for anybodyFood was tired, the presentation lazy, and the service blasé. So sad to see a legend go down to the standards of a french quarter tourist trap. The worst part was the bill, adding fine prices to the injury of a substandard meal.