It seems to me that whenever we have out of towner guests, our go to place is consistently Katie's. The variety of food wonderfully prepared is 2nd to none. Reasonably priced and delicious, Katie's never disappoints. Whether you choose the grilled ersters, the shrimp and grits, the Cuban sandwich, pizza, or soup & salad you will be very pleased and have a great meal. Daily specials hi-lite local seasonal offerings that keep things fresh. The service staff are warm and friendly. On Sunday's, you will want to time your arrival before church let's out or you will have a bit of a wait. That said, you can always manage while enjoying bottomless Mimosas!OMG! Breakfast pizza and bottomless mimosas and bloody marys. Is there anything better in this world? Even got a handshake on the way out the door. Service like that seems scarce these daysKatie's is a neighborhood restaurant that has existed in one form or another for a few generation.  It's classic New Orleans fare with an Italian-American slant.  Great meatballs.  You'll see all types of classic New Orleans old people dinging before 8pm.   You won't be disappointed if your expectations aren't too high.The food was amazing!! We tried a little bit of everything. Had the crawfish beignet, seafood stuffed mushrooms, crab cakes, crab cake po boy and seafood flatbread. Everything we had was delicious!The food is always excellent.  However, it is very difficult to hold a normal conversation due to the abnormally loud interiors. Please please add some acoustic treatments to this space so we can enjoy the tasty food without a throbbing headache.An absolute gem. We were determined to hit a Diners, Drive-ins and Dives restaurant in New Orleans, and boy did we pick the right place. Excellent food, fun atmosphere and an overall great experience. I had the kalamata muffuletta and it was insanely good. A little bit out of the way and totally unassuming from the outside, but don't let that deter you. Highly recommend.Came here for dinner with local and out of town friends. Service was great and food was even better! I had the chargrilled oysters, seafood beignet, and blackberry jalapeño ribs. Washed it all down with a couple of Abita grapefruit. Highly recommend the seafood beignet!The food is excellent and the service was awesome, and Scot the Executive Chef and Proprietor makes you feel like you are part of the family. I got the grilled oyster and shrimp po'boy, and I asked for the Tabasco mayo. And if you like libations, the Old Fashion is definitely a good choice! Featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, and DivesKatie's has been a frequent stop for me when in New Orleans but usually for lunch or late night eating.  This morning, my wife and I were leaving to go home and decided on brunch.  I ordered the steak and eggs.  It comes with a side and fruit salad.  The steak was about a 6 oz. ribeye which I ordered medium-rare with eggs over-easy.  Service was excellent and our meal was delivered promptly despite the fact that the restaurant and bar were at full capacity.  Biting into the steak I was amazed.  It was char-grilled to perfection, tender and sooo flavorful.  Completely unlike most breakfast steaks you get.  I daresay this steak was better than many I've had at high-end chop houses!  The eggs were perfect.  While the hashbrowns were OK, I am not a fan.  They were quartered new potatoes with a batter that was sugared.  Hashbrowns shouldn't be sweet!  Overall a tremendous experience gastronomically.  Katie's usually has a lot of specialty dishes off the menu (Check the chalkboards at the doorways), but if you're there for breakfast/brunch - get the steak & eggs!The exceptional customer service I received even before I was in town made this place worthwhile. As a visitor, I reached out on Facebook asking if they could make a reservation for two for brunch. I don't believe they normally make reservations, but they were very kind and willing. As soon as we arrived, they had our seat ready and they were expecting us.
Our meals were tasty, I had the Chicken or the Egg special, and loved the $15 bottomless drinks, which you could switch out between a bloody mary, mimosa and sangria for no extra cost. Our waitress was very friendly.
To top it all off, the owner/head chef visited our table as he knew we were "the people from Facebook." He thanked us for our business, chatted with us about our hometown for a while and gave us his business card with personal cell phone number for us to call if we needed anything while we were in town! Talk about friendly!My first impression of the menu was that it was a little on the pricey side for what is served.  As I looked around, I noticed that they do have daily specials that are pretty reasonable.  
I had the fried crawfish salad and "el hubs" had the Boudreaux Pizza.  Both were pretty good.  There are several  things I would like to come back to try, like "the barge, " which is enough fried seafood for 2 people!!!
I will make sure to visit again and try their all you can eat catfish on Tuesdays, too!!!Bottomless mimosas, sangrias,  and bloody Mary's for $15 at Sunday Brunch. Expect a wait. The crawfish beignet was delicious... flaky bread stuffed with crawfish and cheese, topped with jalapeño aioli. Yum.If you ever want brunch on the weekends, then this is the destination. The dishes are so cultural and succulent. I always get the eggs benedict, but the chicken and waffles are also top notch. I would give it a 5 star, but I haven't ate anything on the lunch or dinner menu. However, their brunch is definitely 5 stars.I wish I'd checked into this place to prove my attendance, but I submitted a picture of the ribs because they were THE bomb.
I'm from Texas. And I know ribs, even the pork variety we aren't known for. I've judged competitive BBQ. I know my ribs. These are the best dang ribs I've EVER eaten. Dry rub, oak-smoked, with a raspberry/jalapeño glaze, tender, meaty. I would travel again, just to eat them again. (Very good grilled oysters, too.) Not a bad plate in the house, I suspect.Fantastic grilled oysters to start. Muffeletta was good. White chocolate bread pudding was amazing.  Service was very good.  I disliked my blackberry basil margarita, it was not good at all. I told the staff, but they didn't take it away or off the tab :(Original menu and great place to meet up. FYI the crawfish beignets are great but it's not an actual beignet stuffed with crawfish like you would image (Like La Petite Grocery does with crab meat) still good though.This place is really amazing! Its definitely a hidden gem away from the major city streets that deserves 5 stars and more! Go for brunch- the bloody Mary is so tasty and by itself is worth the trip. We tried the Andouille and Cheese Grits, Crabby Eggs, Crawfish Beignet and Lemon Ricotta Pancakes all of which were so good but the Crawfish Beignet and Lemon Ricotta Pancakes changed my breakfast food standards forever!Food was a bit bland. I didn't feel the taste was worth all the calories I knew I was consuming.This is a great neighborhood spot. They have a great bar with a good spread of bourbons. More importantly the crawfish beignet is a must. That dish was on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. It was the tastiest thing I had during my trip in NOLA so far. There was a healthy amount of crawfish in it as well as good sauce and cheese. Although it had jalapeños, it wasn't too spicy. As far as the entree, it was ok. I had the Redfish NOLA. I liked the reddish, I liked the shrimp, and there was a nice amount of crab meat. However, it lacked a good carb (there was like 1 little red potato) and I would have liked a sauce. So although it tasted fine, it wasn't memorable.Katie's is a must for those seeking New Orleans contemporary classics.
The poboy list was astounding, and great contemporary takes on such things as 'Oysters Rockefeller'.
The chicken andouille sausage gumbo was fair. I've had better at various other establishments. A lack of rice, a lack of "trinity" (seasoning) and sparse nuggets of andouille and chicken were certainly a disappointment. The roux was the perfect darkness, but it lacked body and substance. I wouldn't have it again, and I don't recommend anyone try it, especially if you have had a good gumbo. It will fail to please.
The red beans and sausage were awesome. Creamy, with a great mouth-feel, superbly seasoned, the red beans may be the best I've had -- and I've been frequenting New Orleans restaurants for over three decades. The sausage was a great example of a good smoked sausage with a hint of piquant, crispy on the outside, and moist and tender on the inside. Now, the rice... why is it something so simple could ruin an otherwise perfect meal? First, red beans (unless you're serving soup) is traditionally served with rice. Rice should be fluffy, warm, and moist. This was obviously left in a steam pan with no lid. It was dry, hard, brittle, and inedible. Why even serve the stuff? Rice is cheap, make another batch, don't serve something you wouldn't stand behind!
The service was absolutely terrible. I had to wait to get a drink order (7 minutes, I timed it). I had to wait to get my drink (8 minutes, timed again). My food order was taken by another waiter who saw I had not been served, and by the look on his face, felt sorry for me. My waiter did not check on my food service until after I had finished my meal -- fortunately, the owner did check on me. I even had to wait to pay my bill -- which to me, if someone is looking to pay and leave, and you're in the business to generate revenue -- it's important to make sure they have the bill and make a timely payment.
After all the negative reviews, why would I give Katie's such a high rating? Well, I will tell you. A) The Food. B) the atmosphere C) I'm not going to let a worthless server ruin a good establishment D) the owner took an interest in my experience.
Try Katie's for yourself. If you have as bad of a serving experience as I had, inform the owner. I did not, and I regret it.I LOVE Katies.   This is a neighborhood locals place with a serious chef and a great menu.  I've been there at least 6 times.    Definitely have the grilled oysters.   The veal with a marsala cream sauce over pasta is one of my faves.  You can create your own pasta ingredients and there have to be 15 or 20 choices.   The po boys are great too.   The same goes for the pizza.  I'm from Chicago and I'm a snob on pizza.  This is the best pizza in NOLA.  The ingredients are super fresh in everything that they make.  It's a great sauce, quality cheese, etc.   They were the only place where I had a pizza that was perfect.   I had sausage, shrimp, and red peppers on my pizzas.   Pizza in the south generally has a doughy crust.  In Chicago, the only pizza you'll get like that is a $5 pizza pizza or pizza hut.    Katie's was the only place where I got a great pizza with a crispy thin crust.   It was the only pizza that stood up to my faves at home.   If it's nice, sit at the 10 or so tables outside.  After a few visits, they welcomed me and my dog as family.   Say hi to Murphy, he took great care of me.Best veggie Muffaletta. Eggplant fries were amazing. Table service was fine. Hostess stand was fickle and it wasn't Mary. There were two four-tops, but they refused to seat us because we were three.Yay for local flavors :) warning: do not come here to eat if you're on a diet haha...
Maybe it's just me, but Groupon is probably my (2nd) main source of how to decide which places to try.  Katie's is a neighborhood place, and everyone's super friendly. There's plenty of street parking, so no worries about parking meters or anything.
The food was yum! What we had:
-Crawfish beignet: spicy with a hint of sweet, creamy (cause of the cheese), all highlighting the crawfish goodness :) I liked the marriage of flavors.
-Atchafalaya pizza: topped with seafood goodies :) the crust was super thin and overall delish! the grilled garlic adds a very nice touch (I LOVE garlic).
-Fried green tomato and shrimp poor boy: I'm sorry New Orleans, but after trying different poor boys from different places, I decided that I just don't like poor boys in general :(... so my opinion for this one would be very biased...
Maybe it's cause at dinner time I eat really healthy most of the time (fish, or veggies, and fruits only), but I ended up with a huge tummy ache :( though I enjoyed my time here, I hate having an upset stomach after eating... or maybe it's cause I'm slightly lactose intolerant -.- oh why do I do this to myself?I've been to Katie's on quite a few occasions, and overtime the food was absolutely delicious, but when I decided to go there for brunch for my birthday.. I was not happy with my experience. First off, I decided on Katie's because I was told they had bottomless mimosas. When I arrived, I had to seat at the bar until my entire party arrived.. there were about 6 of us. I asked the bartender if I could do the bottomless mimosa's, but she said you could only do that when you are seated at a table... FINE, I understand. When the sixth member of our party FINALLY got there and after our table was given away about 3 times, we were finally able to sit, which is when i realized that the people at the bar were drinking out of the bottomless glasses.. So after spending $20 over the price of the bottomless, since I was buying by the glass.. I wasn't happy. But what really set me over the edge was the absolutely RUDE red headed woman. A girl I was with got her steak that was suppose to be cooked RARE anti  was medium well. When we told the woman about the steak ordeal she actually said "that's our rare"...... As if there is not a universal cooking scale when it comes meat. No restaurant has a different version of R MR M MW WD.. ITS ALL THE SAME. I've been back since and she is rude every time... Katie's, she's gotta go!Ready to fall in love? Want your little broken heart to be mended? 2 words...Seafood beignet  See below for your directions to bliss: 
Tucked in a little adorable neighborhood in New Orleans we stumbled upon this hip little joint called Katie's! While we had heard it was the best place to eat in town we weren't convinced until....you guessed it, we took that first delicious bite of their famous seafood beignet stuffed with crawfish, shrimp, crabmeat, onions, cheese, jalapeños,mozzarella and topped with a jalapeño aioli....a religious experience to say the least  
As an appetizer we were convinced that it couldn't get any better than that and then...BAM  The Bordeaux was delivered...A pizza topped with Cochon de lait, roasted garlic, spinach, red onions, scallions and a garlic butter cream reduction...We were left speechless by the unmatched flavor, the perfection of the dough, the Cochon literally melted in our mouths...
Perhaps one of the most delightful culinary experiences I've had in quite some time! I'll let you be the judge! ‍Some of the best eats I've ever had !!
The Crawfish Beignets and Crab Cakes are worth making the trip to New Orleans alone. Certainly a stop I'll make any time I'm in the area, and highly recommend you do the same !While on vacation during Mardi Gras my friends and I ate here twice!! The people were super nice and the food was delish!! Definitely a must when going through New Orleans!!One out of three dishes was good. I ordered what was highlighted on Guy's show. The chargrilled oysters were fine. The pizza and the crawfish beignets looked like they should be amazingly delicious, but that fake white American-tasting cheese ruined it for me. End of story.Our property manager recommended Katie's amd we're glad he did. Seafood ravioli was excellent. This place was quaint, the food was really good, but it was LOUD in the upstairs dining room.Where do I begin? Katie's is my go to place for any occasion. I could go on for days about their Cochon de lait. The poboy and the Boudreaux pizza are some of the best I've ever had!! On Thursdays, it's half off wine and pizza for happy hour! Get: the crawfish beignets, garlic feta fries, eggplant fries, fried green tomatoes and oysters of any kind! For poboys, obviously the Cochon de lait, the St. Louie, the meatball and the Cuban. The burgers are great and the seafood platters is legit. Is huge, so be prepared to share! The bar is great for watching a local sports game, but I wish it was bigger. It's one of those loud, fun atmospheres with a patio and an upstairs dining area that is huge!!! Great for a couple or a large group. Seriously, I love this place!This restaurant is a great addition to New Orleans. The food is delicious, the portions are good. We came in right before close and were seated without issue. I would go again.Fantastic brunch!!! Bottomless mimosas, sangria, and bloody mary's don't hurt either! I am not an oyster person, but I know the chargrilled (or charbroiled, I can't remember) are very very good. None of the food at the table disappointed!GREAT PIZZA!!! Super good place to take Vegetarians! 
Awesome location in Mid City, right off Canal .Not super big, comes across as a neighborhood joint for sure. 
My waiter was great, and super attentive. But the Pizza was Superb. I got an eggplant pizza that was the perfect size for two people. I got it by my lonesome and had to eat it all in one sitting.   
I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the food was great. I got a crab and corn bisque that was more like a corn chowder, but still very delightful. I highly recommend this place, great place if you have family in town!!We had not been to Katie's since the flood and boy am I glad we went back!  The chargrilled oysters are - I'm not kidding - better than Drago's!
The St. Louie is a hot poyboy with fried oysters, bacon, and melted provolone.  It's heavenly!
The Cajun Cuban is a ham. swiss, and cochon de lait take on the classic Cuban.  Mine was a bit greasy and could have stood some Crystal Hot Sauce to cut that a bit but it was pretty good.  The fries were crispy and very good.  The onion rings were not quite great but not bad.
It's an easy-going atmosphere and a nice place to be leisurely.  They're down-home folks.
Highly recommended by me, my wife, and my heart surgeon...A nice brunch spot with traditional NOLA foods. Be prepared to wait if you're going during a busy time.You must check this place out!! 
OYSTERS SLESSINGER!!!! Just wow! You cannot go to Katies without having these oysters. One dozen is a full meal, because they have bacon, shrimp and spinach. It is just an amazing combination.
The crawfish beignet has the perfect amount of cheese and jalapenos peppers, but be aware that it has a mayo-based sauce on top (not my favorite). You can order the sauce on the side though. If you are looking for a po-boy and you like pork and shrimp, try "the legend", you won't be dessapointed.
Everything is good in this place, even the meatball spaguettis my nephew had were good. 
$15 bottomless mimosas and sangrias during brunch!!Really good food!! Guy Ferrari ate there and that's what prompted me to go and thank you Guy!!! I was not disappointed. Side note this place has THE best looking waitresses and bartenders...I'm looking at you Tyler ;) ;) ;)Yummmm! I had a person recommend this place before we went to New Orleans after Christmas and since we had a car we thought we'd try it. We shared the chrabroiled oysters (amazing) and cheesy bread (good). My husband had the blackberry jalapeno ribs (spicy and to die for!) and I had an oyster po boy (good). I would definitely recommend this place to others!We stopped in for lunch. We started with the Crawfish Beignet, which is really not so much a Beignet, but excellent none the less. I had a Cajun Cuban with red beans and rice. The Cuban was OK, but far from the best I have had, and the red beans and rice were pretty good also, but not great. My wife had the Drum Crab Stacker which was really quite good. It was drum fish (which was very good), stacked with fried green tomato and a crawfish sauce. Service was great, and lots of great sounding items on the menu in a cozy atmosphere. Really liked it and will be back when in NOLA.Love love love everything they make. There always so busy and still are able to give awesome service. When I'm Nola I always have to stop by the burgers are k. The pizza are great but my favorite is crawfish beignet @ brunch with the bottomless sangrias.Great atmosphere, usually good service, and a nice bar, but the food here (from the seafood to the pizzas) has never really clicked for me.
Each time I get drug here by a friend, I'm always trying something new, because I've never enjoyed what I had last time.Chargrilled Oysters is all I have to say. Wish we had places in Houston that can cook up a batch like these!
Katie's isn't far from the French Quarter where we stayed so that was nice. Luckily we were able to get parking right by the restaurant. We got there around 11:30 and got the last table before they went on a wait.
The service was friendly and fast. The food was delicious and hearty!! Between the 3 of us, we ordered the half dozen of chargrilled oysters. Big mistake. Should have gone for the full dozen it was that good. For entree we ordered the crabcake poboy with fried shrimp and the fried green tomato with shrimp poboy. The poboys were sooooo good especially the crabcake poboy. The bread, the filling, the condiment all worked great together to make for a stellar sandwich. 
Great spot for lunch!!AMAZING FOOD. We ordered the shrimp po boy, crawfish beignet, the Remy stack, and an order of their fries with cheese (don't remember the actual name). 
All of it was delicious but the best were crawfish beignet and remy stack.
The crawfish beignet reminded me more of a calzone than a beignet. If you're worried about the jalapeño aioli, it's not ridiculously spicy. (I can't handle too much spicy) The dish was filled with cheese and crawfish. All of it together made for a delicious bite.The first time I came here was for a birthday dinner and it's become a favorite ever since.  I love getting Jenny's garlic feta fries because the fries are perfectly crispy and buttery. I also love the feta cheese on the fries, and who doesn't love a dish named after a girl named Jenny?! Hehe. There was some leftover feta cheese that I saved to put on the pizza we ordered. . . A little ghetto but whatever! I love my feta!
The chargrilled oysters are also a must-have! Not too oily, greasy, or cheesy; the flavor is just perfect! This may be the best chargrilled oysters I've had compared to other places I've been (Dragos, parrains).
I think I also ate the atchafalaya pizza? I remember it being very seafoody and a bit spicy. I liked the pizza but also felt like there was too much going on with all the toppings.
I've also been to brunch here (only Sundays) which seems to always be packed! The wait was like an hour but it was worth it. I got some sort of omelette that I thought was okay. It was so huge though! The portions for brunch are pretty big. My best friend had a platter that came with a pancake and I had a piece of that pancake and it was basically the best piece of pancake I ever had, no syrup needed!
Last time, I checked in during happy hour and got 10% off of an appetizer, so don't forget to do that (if the deal still exists)!
Overall my experience at Katie's has always been great. I love the cute atmosphere and the service.My girlfriend, roommate, and I came here this past Sunday for brunch.  I'd been here a couple times before for dinner and thoroughly enjoyed it, but never for their legendary brunch.  We sat outside to enjoy the beautiful morning and brunch did not disappoint!
My girlfriend ordered biscuits and gravy, and thoroughly enjoyed them, as did I (the two bites I had).  My roommate had the fried oyster and bacon benedict, which he felt was heaven.  And I devoured my barbecue shrimp and grits like there was no tomorrow.  Everything was cooked excellently and tasted divine.  We also had a cheese and debris fries for the table, where the only disappointment of the meal was had in the lack of actual debris - it was just cheese and gravy.
The prices were reasonable and the service was fantastic as always.
Katie's remains one of my favorites in NOLA.Picked Katie's from a list created from research on NO restaurants.  Glad we did. First off, the lady at the door greeted us with a friendly smile.  we asked if a table for two was available.  she asked if we wanted upstairs which would be more quiet but we opted for the first floor as we wanted the complete experience.
we were shown to our table and were attended to immediately.  our waiter, Stephen, was friendly and helpful with our menu questions.  we started with onion rings (hot and crisp) and a cup of gumbo (Hubs said it was really good). we opted to share a shrimp and oyster platter. He at the shrimp; I had the oysters.  Shrimp was good but the winner for me were the oysters. These were obviously fresh as they were sweet and briny.....a perfect combination.
Definitely recommend a visit.We were in NO on vacay.  This was the best meal we had!  Scallops, shrimp po boy, chicken parm and meatballs were all outstanding.  Everyone from host to bartenders to the security guy could not have been more friendly and helpful. Awesome job chefs. If we lived here we'd be back all the time.This is one of my favorite restaurants in NOLA!  I come here Everytime I'm in town.  Such sweet people who work here and incredible food!  Best charbroiled oysters I've ever had!  Also on that list are the frog legs.  They don't take reservations but were able to seat our large group of 15 w/o any issues.  Thank you Katie's for always being a culinary highlight to my NOLA trips!Went there a few years ago for the first time.  Visited last week. Still a good as ever!This a really cool local spot with great food. The crawfish beignet was excellent! I didn't really like the pizza. You can build your own pizza. But it was the crust that I didn't like. The waitress was very nice. 
Another visit to Katie's:
This is one of my favorite places to get a roast beef po-boy. Everything about it is so good. The tender roast beef, the delicious gravy & the soft french bread. Side note... I love how Ms. Katie reads the reviews on here!! I was very impressed to see she had commented on my first review. It shows that she cares about her business & customers. Great customer service always wins me over. Thanks Ms. Katie:)I very rarely give 5 stars but I have to because of the food!! Guy Fieti agrees, he has been there and raves about it. I have to start with the chargrilled oyster, I've tried them at several different places this place by far has the best! Second the blueberry ribs! Yes I know your saying blueberries and ribs!?! Well guess what it is awesome!!! They are spot on. Then we tried the Cuban it is very good and huge onion rings. We also had sweet potato fries with a hot pepper sauce and I think I ate the whole plate, even though I was supposed to split with my bride. Tried my daughters hamburger and I think they used same flame as oysters. It was delicious! Crispy on outside, charbroiled and pink on the inside! This has to be in your top five places to go in NOLA!!!! Service was very good and friendly as well! Did not have to wait to long to sit and or get our food and drinks! Loved it!!This is my "go to" place for entertaining out of town guests. Katie's never disappoints with thier food, drinks, and service. It's a little off the beaten path but the neighborhood restaurant is one of NOLA's best kept secrets for local dining.If feels tinier than it actually is when you're walking in.  The first floor is still a decent size and the 2nd level is fairly spacious.  If you're with family/kids... go upstairs.  Somehow this place pulls off having sports playing and giving a sort of delicate vibe at the same time.  I would say tonight (Saturday at 7pm) is packed, but it shouldn't take as long as it has to bring our first drink order, although the waters came out unprompted, which is good.  Our server "Q" is very personable and clearly enjoys his job.  He joked when time was a bit spare which, to me, shows patience and he instinctively spoke louder when the crowded room's noise level picked up.  I doubt an ounce of complaints come his way.  The wine list is intriguing and subtle.  We figured the mushroom soup to be perfect...along with the oyster app.  The Eggplant fries were over-cooked, however slightly.  Now to the main courses.....I will throw out everything I know to be true about vegetables... THIS KITCHEN IS DOING IT RIGHT!  I ordered the veggie extravaganza and the veggies were grilled TO PERFECTION.  None of the dishes our party ordered had a negative review.  Not. A. Single. One.  If you can get here outside of a packed house (and given their level of attention to detail with the food--i can't tell you when that is) PLEASE DO MAKE A VISIT TO THIS PLACE.  Absolutely amazing!!!Great experience to lighten up a cold-rainy day in New Orleans. 
We came in on a Saturday afternoon and were seated in less than 5 minutes. Our server was kind and attentive and the waitstaff were accommodating. 
I ordered the crawfish beignet with jalapeno aoili and a side caesar salad. The beignet was hot oozing with gooey cheese and warmed up my day. To drink decided to mix things up with an adult Arnold Palmer. I asked for regular jack instead of vodka but to my surprise, honey jack was added which made it my new favorite drink. 
The establishment itself has a pretty cozy fit which mainly allows for smaller parties in the front. I did not make it upstairs but there is upstairs seating. 
All in all this hidden gem is a great place to experience what New Orleans has to offer.Rushed service.  Crawfish beignet was not a beignet at all but a cheese calzone with some fishy crawfish in it. 
The grits were really tasty.  The baked oysters are incredibly delicious.  Lots of garlic and butter.  Wish the bread was better. It tasted like a cheap grocery store baguette.We just had our wedding rehearsal dinner here and everything was phenomenal! The food, drinks, and the service were all top notch! So if you are looking for a place to accommodate your entire wedding party this is the place! Highly recommended! I'll be craving that cochon beignet for a long time!!We were told the wait would be 30 mins for brunch, so we decided to wait rather than move on to a different restaurant. But then they kept us waiting close to 2 hours without an apology or explanation. So much for southern hospitality.
Once we finally got a table, I was at least looking forward to some good food, but the menu was a bit hit or miss. The coffee tasted like instant coffee. My friend got a crawfish meal, which was good. But my eggs were a bit underwhelming, and the "steak" in the steak and eggs my friend ordered was basically a bland hamburger patty. The place had some good moments, including a friendly waiter, but the bad parts far outweighed the good for us. Seems like the only pull is their bottomless drink offer, but overall it was an underwhelming and disappointing $50 meal after a 2 hour wait.We discovered this gem of a neighborhood restaurant quite by accident. The service was friendly, welcoming and efficient. The fried oysters are tender and tasty--no grease. There is a great selection of po boys,  and the white chocolate bread pudding is more than ample.My friend and I enjoyed our late lunch.  The food was good.  I'll be back soon for brunch.Really delicious food and pretty quick service considering the wait to sit was an hour. Don't worry about the wait though, for $15 you can get bottomless mimosa's or bloody Mary's while you sit outside before you get your table. Chicken and waffles and Katherine's Po Boy are the only things I tried but it's definitely a place I'll go back to next time I'm in town.DELICIOUS! I heard about Katie's on Diners, Drive-Ins  & Dives a while back. My husband and I thought we'd try it while honeymooning in NOLA. SO glad we did! We had 2 half salads, 1 Scottie's Special with fries, and 1 Hot Roast Beef and Gravy with fries. All I can say is YUM!!!
If you can't find a parking spot on the street- which we couldn't- there is a parking lot just for Katie's patrons on Telemach St in between Iberville St and Bienville St!We always go here for lunch on the weekends.  The food is always great and I love a well crafted cocktail so it's always a win with us.  I had some kind of blackberry margarita the last time I was there and it was ridiculously amazing!!This place was delicious! I ordered the Alfredo with fried chicken on top. Delicious!! The fried chicken had so much flavor. My fiancé got the redfish & he also enjoyed that very much.Went for Sunday brunch and have to say the wait wasn't too bad. I had the shrimp and grits with sausage and cheese grits. The grits were perfectly creamy, and cheesy, the sausage made a great addition (it's a premium upgrade). I tried a rum milk punch for the first time and have to say the combination was refreshing, and the nutmeg added a great spice to this southerly charming drink. Sadiki was an amazing server, very prompt and had great suggestions regarding the menu. Can't wait to come back and try lunch and dinner .I was in New Orleans for the French Quarter Festival. Took the Canal street car to Katie's. The roasted oysters served with slices of baguette was amazing. This was followed by a delicious fried green tomatoes and shrimp poboy. Sunday bottomless bloody Marys helped as well. Spent the rest of the day at Le Booze.The cochon beignet was FANTASTIC!!! Service was top notch. I definitely recommend.  I wish they had a location closer to me.So the crawfish beignet is the best appetizer I've had in Nola.  Life changing even.  I had the Shrimp fettuccine alfredo with veal and scallops.  The alfredo sauce was perfect, not to heavy but still delicious.  Also had bread pudding and cheesecake which I both highly recommend. New favorite spot!Plenty of options to choose from! Has unique foods from crawfish beignets to build your own pastas to pizzas and poboys. My friends and I had to look at the menu for about ten minutes before knowing what we wanted. Ordered the crawfish beignet which was really delicious. I had the catfish which was okay. My friends had the shrimp pizza and a roast beef poboy which looked tasty. Had a good time here, would definitely go back if I'm ever in the area.Yikes! Defiantly a miss for us tonight from start to finish. The stuffed mushrooms had a very odd flavor. We didn't eat them because it tasted chemical, not natural. The server said they pour white wine over them. I don't think so. The four of us each got a different entree and none of us finished ours. The portions were huge but very low quality. The poboy was watery and ended up a flavorless mess. The pizza had a very thin, burned crust with too much cheap cheese and not enough real toppings. The muffalatta was so much bread it was hard to find the meager filling inside. Maybe it's good sometimes, but not tonight.This is one of those reviews where I wish I could give an extra half star. The oysters were great and the fish special of the night was good. The dessert was good but it was not made in house just FYI. The service was good. I got the pizza to go once and it was delicious. I really don't have too many complaints other than the place just being kind of a head ache to get to. Parking is not easy and it is so so packed inside. I actually like waiting for a table if there is a comfortable bar to relax in but you can barely order a drink with the amount of people shoved into the building. Katie's is a good restaurant but not totally worth the hassle with so many options in New Orleans. We ordered a dessert to go and they charged us extra and did not include the whipped cream and berries that came with it when ordered to dine in. It rubbed us the wrong way after the bill being much higher than we expected. If I was in the area during non peak hours I would go back for a sandwich or pizza but I would not go back for dinner looking for a nice entree.Katies has lots of great items to choose from.  I'd give it a 5 if they took reservations.  Thats truly the only bad thing about the place.oh my gosh...I don't see what the hype is about. 
Crawfish beignet isn't remotely like a beignet---way too heavy and salty.
Also got the cochon de lait poboy and it was nothing special. 
Why is this place so highly rated by everyone?Amazing food and service! We had dinner here while in town for a bachelorette party.. We asked if we could decorate the table and they did it for us! We supplied to small decorations and when we arrived it was set up so nice! The food is absolutely amazing! Great place where the locals go !This place is soooo good. I've been here several times and it doesn't disappoint. Today I tried something new and got the blackened shrimp pasta and added provel cheese. This is the only place in the city I know of where you can try provel cheese. It is a cheese that is local to St. Louis and it is a must try! They put the cheese on just about everything you can imagine, and I had it on the garlic bread, the char grilled oysters, and on the pasta. The service was good, and the happy hour specials made me happy! $4 well drinks made this trip even better. We were here celebrating an in court victory, and the ambiance was perfect! Dont expect a quiet dinner, but expect an amazing experience. I would recommend this place to to anyone wanting to have a casual meal.I made a reservation for about 10 for a birthday brunch. They don't normally take reservations but we're very accommodating for my party. When I got there I ended up waiting 35 minutes past my reservation time to get seated, which was not ideal. However once seated we were treated to some appetizers to compensate for the wait which was great of management! In addition, our service was very good and very accommodating even though the restaurant was super busy. The menu has a huge selection and everything is super tasty! The mimosa brunch was totally worth it and went great with the food!!The evening started out great..10 min into being seated after ordering and served cocktails the eletricity went off--for the entire time till we left..Drinks were on the house,  since we tolerated the uncomfortable situation as we had guedt from out of town with us..There are few things that get you excited about a meal like the smell of the smoker outside Katie's on Iberville as you walk in the front door. It's hard to not run to the door when it hits you. We went a couple weeks back for a laid-back dinner-for-two.
We started with a dozen char-grilled oysters. Chef Scott has this dish down, with just the right amount of butter and cheese on the oysters, along with tasty french bread slices for dippin'.
Softshells were running good that visit, so I had the special: softshell crab over fettucini pasta, topped with a creamy crawfish sauce. It's one of those wicked-overkill dishes that you just can't pass up. Eat the crab, nibble at the pasta, bring the rest home for a great pasta leftover if you don't want to overindulge.
My wife did the build-your-own pasta--Chef Scott's comments on why this is on his menu inspired a separate blog post I'll do later this week. She got rigatoni with chicken in a creamy alfredo sauce. The chicken was grilled nicely and the sauce subtely seasoned for a good match.
We usually let Chef surprise us for dessert, and he rarely steers us wrong. This time it was "Red Velvet Elvis" cake...deadly!
Drinks-I had a couple of Abita Ambers, wife had a couple of glasses of the house Pinot Grigio. A great meal on a lovely spring evening!Another of my must haves whenever I come home to see my family. Amazing. I have not eaten anything here that I haven't throughly enjoyed. The crawfish beignets are cheesy and spicy. The stuffed poboy is rich and flavorful with lots of gravy. The redfish and grits is something I still crave. Get there early because they get very busy very quickly, I've even waited in line for them to open. Parking is always a struggle, but it's worth it.Best little place in town. I had one of their specials "Seafood Ravioli" and boy! boy! boy! Will definitely come back.Delicious.  The seafood beignet was to die for. The stuffed shrimp and seafood pasta was great.  I will return again.Great neighborhood restaurant!! The staff are amazingly friendly and helpful. I started off with some Mint, Ginger Ice Tea cocktail that was delicious. We had some of the crawfish and seafood beignets that were ridiculously delicious and like nothing I've ever had. For dinner I had the blackberry and jalapeño ribs and would recommend trying this also. To finish off the food bonanza we had an 8 layer cake with thin mints inside. This is definitely worth the trip outside of the French Quarter and everyone should try it.Food was just OK. Expect to wait a while to be seated and served. The oysters were good. The PoBoys (the reason we came) were not great, nothing special, not worth the travel or price. Fries were a bit soggy. Portions were large. Not bad, but there are better options.This a great neighborhood spot with a wide variety of great food.  I really enjoy the specials, mainly because they change frequently and there are tons of them.  They often post the specials online via Twitter and Facebook.  If you go surrounding peak hours (I usually go at opening 11am or after 1pm for lunch) there's no problem getting seated right away.  They also have nice outdoor seating with fans that really isn't bad on a cloudy summer day (still a little too hot for a sunny one).
The staff is friendly and consistent.  Our waitress kind of flaked one day and didn't put in something we needed to go for someone at home and didn't even acknowledge that I should have had a salad with my entree (I forgot if it said it came with one on the menu so I thought maybe I was crazy, but the receipt said "no salad dressing" on it so she obviously saw it in the POS and let it go that she didn't bring it out).  Other than that, we've had great service. 
My favorites so far are probably the Huling's Chicken Club and their thick cut catfish-- it is always light and fluffy with a great batter.  I have yet to be back for brunch, but I am always trying new dishes so I'm sure I will have many many more favorites here.  Definitely try out this great Mid-City restaurant!Tried this place during Endymion parade day! We needed to fuel up and got it to go to eat while camping out for Endymion. I got the grilled chicken ceaser salad and my fiancé got the Cochon de lait poboy with a side of fries. They were both very good. I feel as if we were over charged a bit. The poboy alone was 14$ that didn't include the fries. Other than that everything was good. Next time we will eat inside.Amazingly I had never been to or heard of this place, once again yelp comes through in the clutch!!
katie's is the type of neighborhood restaurant I love. Relatively small, outdoor seating, great menu options. Crawfish Beignets? Nuff said.
The pizza is great and man is there a lot of it. I'd definitely encourage anyone in the mid city area to check this place out.I wish I could give this place more stars, and I wish I'd be staying in New Orleans long enough to go back. We were in a Lyft listening to the radio and one of the DJ's said she went there over the weekend, and the other DJ was saying how he just loves it there.  After looking it up we learned it was also on DDD, so we decided we had to give it a try and we were not disappointed!  I'm a huge fan of the Iberville tea- that may be my new favorite adult beverage. The Boudreaux pizza is so ridiculously good-  so happy I have leftovers, I can't wait to finish them!!!  The atmosphere is really cute and our server was awesome. I totally get why the DJ's speak so highly of it!Totally best neighborhood grill in New Orleans... if you only go to New Orleans once.. this is the place...don't waste a meal... this is the place... everyone in the part shared the same comments... had the surf and turf... ad the cat meunière ... yep..... da bomb!!!!!The food here is always hit or miss for me, and the last time I was there the service was extremely slow (2 hrs for lunch mid-week!). I think the atmosphere and taste of the food make the prices seem high, especially when there are other authentic New Orleans restaurants not too far away that do it better for cheaper. If you're in the area, and there's a table open, great. I wouldn't trek here, and I wouldn't wait for a table. The specials tend to be awesome, and rather pricey. Some of the main menu items can be total misses, and also pricey. The cocktails are generally the most consistent thing about the restaurant, so I don't mind the price quite as much, but they're not cheap. I've always had meh service on every visit, so nothing impressive there. Overall, at this point, I only go here when other people really want to go. If I can convince them otherwise, we eat elsewhere. Midcity has too many other great options at this point.Such a great local place! Never get tired of going here. Never too long of a wait, food is sooo good. Cuban sandwich is my favorite!Amazing Spot, Hidden Gem, Great Food, Amazing Service & Memorable For Sure!The food at Katie's was great, it was a wonderful place for Sunday brunch! They had a diverse menu with tons of options which made it easy even for me to eat here (GF and vegetarian). I had the veggie omelette and hash browns and it was delicious! A few too many onions in the omelette for my taste, but it was still good. There was a friendly, casual atmosphere and nice staff! Would recommend!Scotie Breakfast Special....Awesome service Que was a great waiter awesome bottomless mimosas Enjoyed myselfThe charbroiled oysters were the best thing about my meal tonight.  The server was less than friendly and seemed on the verge of being annoyed with every request our table made.   
The atchafalaya pizza was not good.  Avoid pizza here.   The salad was fine but nothing to rave about. 
Overall I don't see a reason to rave about this place.Some the best food I have ever tasted, definitely a place to go back, I had ordered the Hawaiian girl pizza that had chicken ham pineapple it was the bomb.com!If I could rank this place with six stars, I would.  I had the Shrimp and Cochin au lait sandwich.  My wife had the Cajun Cuban.  Great sandwiches.  This is a very busy place, so don't be surprised if you have to wait.  Well worth it though.Best grilled oysters in the city, hands down. The Sunday brunch is delightful, especially the lemon zest pancakes. 
Great for outdoor seating. A little pricy for a neighborhood spot, but really tasty. 
Sometimes the service is terrible, especially when they're busy.Damn awesome brunch! Bottomless drinks, great food and bottomless mimosas. We waited over 2 hours for a table but worth the wait!! Had chargrilled oysters with bacon spinach, chicken and andouille gumbo and crisp soft shell crabs. Best gumbo in NOLA!!Read the history of the place on the site. Great story, great service. Muffalleta, Cochon de Lait. One of Mid-city's gems!Oh man. I don't think I can say enough good things about the food here. We had the crawfish beignets as an appetizer, which were stuffed with whole crawfish and topped with a spicy sauce. So good! I had the Katherine poboy with cochon du lait, probably the best poboy I've had in my life. The oyster poboy was good too. My husband got the crawfish boil platter - not amazing but totally decent. 
Great servers, relaxing outdoor seating. Definitely recommend going during happy hour while it's not too busy, and it's nice and quiet. By 7p they were slammed and every table was full.I'm new in town and was looking for a Saturday brunch.  I initially found this place on Yelp and I liked the pictures of there dishes and they also had a ton of great reviews.  I decided I'd slide through.  I got there at about 1 and it was VERY BUSY, there were a bunch of people waiting outside, I walked in, saw an open chair at the bar and asked the hostess if I needed to be on the list for bar seating, she replied "no, please have a seat".  I did and had one of the best meals of seafood etouffee I've ever had.  I liked it so much in fact that I ordered a whole gallon to go!  
The customer service was impeccable too, the owner Katherine, came over and personally introduced herself to me and even though it was busy we chatted for a bit.  I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place.  I'll be telling all my acting buddies and family and friends about this spot.  5 STARSI drove all the way out here for the Cochon Boudreaux Pizza. This is another cute establishment that is a converted home Into a restaurant. Parking wasn't an issue for me but I can see it being a problem if this place is crowded. I got there right when they opened at 11 and was created by Katie and seated at the bar. The bartenders were extremely friendly and Personable! I told them about my eating quest and they wanted to hear about all the food I tried in the city. They were excited that I came here for the Boudreaux. I can say when this pizza came out I was blown away. It actually tastes better than it looked, and it looked amazing! I will be bringing others here just for the pizza.Went here for lunch on a weekday and it was packed, mostly due to a couple of high school graduations. Despite the busy part, a group of us sat outside on a sunny day and a guy set up an umbrella for the table. From seating to paying the bill, it was only an hour so this is doable for a lunch break. I ordered the Cochon Du Lait, which was excellent, but word is that brunch is the best time to come here.Great lunch.  I didn't have it but the guy next to me at the bar had the pasta stuffed lobster and it looked amazing.  I had the hamburger steak, very good.  Kind of a small restaurant for the size of the crowd.  I guess if its good people don't mind waiting.Amazing food!!!!! Had Katie's Cajun Cuban and it was delicious! He a taste of the burgers as well and so good! All the food looked around the place looked awesome! One of the best spots in New Orleans I have been to so far. Recommend to anyone visiting New Orleans and in the mood for good food and lots of variety!I went back to Katie's after my first experience and I must say it was a very enjoyable experience. Our waitress was absolutely wonderful- friendly, fun, and very helpful in suggesting favorites. The food was excellent and our portions were large enough to have leftovers the next day. We went for dinner and had a lovely meal in a fun, casual atmosphere. Overall, I'm very happy that I went back to give the restaurant a second chance- I'll certainly go back in the future and suggest it to friends visiting from out of town.The crawfish beignet and chargrilled oysters were delicious!! My 10 yr old enjoyed the spaghetti and meatball!!Amazing food, beer, and cocktails! Our waiter Que was the best! He was knowledgeable,  attentive, and made us feel like home. We don't live here, but we WILL be back and we WILL wait for a table in Que's section. Oh, did I mention that the food was AMAZING! We had a party of 4 and everyone was over the moon about the food.Katie's is a great place to get classic southern food, some of which has some modern updates. I went to Katie's with a group of friends for a late lunch. We ordered some southern staples like fried catfish and gumbo, but we also ordered the crawfish beignet and the southern-style Cuban sandwich. Everything was so delicious! The service at Katie's is also incredible, fast, and friendly. We felt right at home the moment we walked in the door.First time at Katie's and it won't be my last. We had to wait about 10 minutes to get seated, but it was worth it. They sat us upstairs. The server was very attentive bringing us drinks and taking our appetizer order right away. We had the onion rings which were quite good. I ordered the Yardbird pizza and I have to say it was one of the best pizzas I've ever had. I'm usually not one that goes for a butter sauce over a marinara, but I decided to give it a go. All of the toppings worked well together for a salty and slightly sweet dinner.What a great Sunday mimosa brunch! Bottomless mimosas, sangria, or bloody Mary's for only $15! I had ordered take out many times from this place but never experienced brunch here until today. The food was great, service was quick and I will definitely return in the future.Absolutely wonderful find! Be careful your eyes will always be bigger than your stomach with this menu! Service was great and they accommodated a party of 9 as a walk in!I came here for the first time outside of the great brunch they offer on the weekend. This time Ive come for lunch with friends, not knowing what to order, I got the cochon and the char-broiled oysters as the app. Well I didn't go by my rule of not ordering oyster outside winter, these big boys were huge which is not a good thing for oysters. The grilling was not great either because they were really dry and there was nothing to dip the french bread in. 
I originally was going to get the roast beef poboy but was talked into the cochon poboy. I dont expect much ordering essentially bbq at a non bbq restaurant and the cochon here was average and nothing to brag about. 
Overall I will continue to come for brunch but lunch is another matter.The crawfish beignet is one of the best things I have ever had in my life. Doughy and sweet yet savory with the crawfish and the cream sauce. Love the spicy kick that the jalapenos bring. The place was packed on Friday night but they seated our table of 9 with no problem. Our server Q was great. Highly recommend.New Orlean's best restaurant HANDS DOWN!! Scotty & crew kill it! Best chargrilled oysters out there...amongst every other dish on the menu. 
The ribs are a MUST!!Not a bad place for lunch sandwich or pizza. Very limited entree menu. Catfish meunière fish was fried perfect but the sauce was nasty for a fish topping, taste like they saturated it with Worcestershire Sauce. Tables are so small and then to make things worst they put a rack of six large bottles of Tabasco sauces on each table, really. Will go back for lunch but it lacks true restaurant class.Sooooo Good!  A must stop!  I had the Legend.... Cajun pork and BBQ shrimp sammmmmich!  The kids love it too.... wich makes ot a win win!In many ways, I'm a creature of habit, and when it comes to dining in Mid City, my "habits" are Mandina's and Liuzza's.  I'd been saying for ages that I'd go to @katiesmidcity, and never got past Bienville Street.  I finally did, and I'm a changed person.
Katie's is a classic NOLA neighborhood place; the decor and menu reflect this, right down to the "Bring the Wood!" bat (from the Saints' Super Bowl season) hanging up behind the bar.  They've got Abita Amber on tap, cementing my relationship with the place solidly.
My first trip to Katie's was lunch with a friend.  She grazed on the Grilled Chicken Salad while I had the "Terranova" pizza.  More on the pizza later.  It was good, friend was very happy with the salad, and the first visit was a win!  A week or two later, I decided to come back for lunch, and sat at the bar.  I ordered the mushroom-swiss burger with grilled onions.  As you can see, it was a winner, a solid half-pound patty, a good bun, and fresh toppings.  Gotta love the Saints paper lining the basket!  Even though Katie's does a most-excellent burger, that may be the last one I get.  The reason is simple: there are other places that do a good burger and Katie's does so many other things so well.  
Third trip to Katie's was with family for dinner.  They were skeptical-you think I'm bad about Liuzza's?  You should hear my boys.  We started with basic cheese fries (no debris gravy).  The boys both had the hickory burger (hickory sauce, swiss cheese, bacon).  Wife had a shrimp po-boy and I got the fried green tomato and shrimp sandwich.  The boys killed the burgers and wife's sandwich disappeared almost as fast.  I found my sandwich a bit dry, not enough remoulade sauce.  I tweeted as much, and not five minutes later, Chef Scott came by the table to see what was wrong.  I've never seen such a fast reaction in my life!  I was extremely flattered when he offered to bring me some more remoulade sauce (which is one of the best in town, to be sure).  Alas, I had eaten all of the po-boy already.  It wasn't bad, mind you, I just thought it could use more sauce to balance the french bread.  As an appetizer (sans bread), it would've been just right.  The combination of the flavors is fantastic.  If you get this sandwich, though, be sure to ask them for extra remoulade sauce.
My most recent visit to Katie's was last week, another business lunch.  My colleague had the chicken quesadilla, and I got another Terranova pizza, since the photo of the first one didn't come out well at all.  I'm glad this one did, so not only can I include it in this post, but because I'll be writing a second one where I proclaim this pizza the Best in New Orleans.  Just look at it-wonderful!  Chef Scott did point out that, to make this one hit home with me (I'd been spotted coming in), he brushed the crust with his olive-oil/garlic sauce before putting the marinara on.  (He said anybody can ask for that, btw.)  Even without that extra touch, however, this is a wonderful pizza.  Others I know swear by the Yardbird (chicken, onions, tomato, feta, with the olive oil/garlic sauce), but I refer sausage pizzas when I know it's good sausage.  The Terranova gets its name from Terranova's Supermarket over in Faubourg St. John, and their most wonderful Italian sausage.  
Chef Scott also treated us to a wonderful cheesecake for dessert, but alas, my batteries died before I could get a picture.  We'll give dessert a better treatment on the next trip.
Katie's is more than just a solid neighborhood place.  There's some tasty and creative food here.  We go to a neighborhood restaurant for comfort food, or to have a beer with friends.  Katie's is a destination for more than just those things--it's a place for a truly enjoyable dining experience.Came for brunch on Sunday around 9:30a, solo. Sat at the bar because I got in before the crowd starts.
The bottomless is sangria and/or mimosas and you can mix them for only $15 (what a steal). Bartender (Madam Elizabeth) was super attentive, which I appreciate (I'm low maintenance, but when I want something- I want it NOW). My order came out very fast. Everything was on point and to be expected. 
I enjoyed my buzz from bottomless and watched espn, all before 11a #Winning
Ps. Skip the water- its tap, and it's terribleThis guy at the front desk wouldn't sit us because he said we were only 2 so we had to wait for a smaller table.  Another couple walked in and he sat them while we still sat on the bench waiting.  I asked him why he sat them.  He said they we here before you.  I said they just walked in.  His snied reply was "Sorry"....  very unhappy.  Hopefully the food makes up for his poor hosting.Katie's is amazing and always aims to please. Their Food is outstanding and their prices are completely reasonable. 
I come here often and have samples almost everything on the menu. Brunch is a sure-fire winner and their Oyster Benedict is to-die-for delicious. Keep up the amazing work!!!Just picked up lunch from this cute Mid-City spot, and I can't wait to go back. Ordered the cochon de lait (with creole coleslaw) + sweet potato fries (that came with this sweet/spicy sauce).. and it was exactly what I was looking for. Not too heavy, but really filling.. and delicious!
The staff was really friendly.. and while I waited at the bar for pick up I noticed this ENORMOUS jar of jalapeno infused vodka.  They use it for bloody maries, martinis, and shots.. and if it wasn't middle of the work day, I would have ordered a bloody mary stat. I guess that will have to wait for weekend brunch. Their menu for brunch looks incredible.. and from the other yelpers' reviews, I know I have to return stat.  
And what's this I read about bottomless drinks? Hi friend. This place speaks my language.. and pleases my stomach. All things are a win in my book.This place has anything. Seafood, pizza, italian,sandwiches and po'boys, and other homemade meals. This time i went with italian with speghetti and meatballs. It was a good meal and very generous portion size. I liked the pizza better from the last visit and the rest of the food had all been delicious.Love this restaurant. Bar tenders can be snobby and absorbed in their own convos but TOGO or table seating is alway A+Had lunch yesterday.. food was good.. like how fried green tomatoes and shrimp was put on plate.. oyster was nicely cooked and Gumbo was very tasty and wasn't brunt .. overall everything was greatKatie's made me want to quit my job and move to New Orleans. The food was great and the ambiance was exactly what we were looking for on our last night in NOLA. If I lived in town, Katie's would be my neighborhood hangout. 
We got the garlic fries, a couple of beers, and the seafood platter. Oh, and then a big piece of chocolate cake for dessert. Everything was perfect. The staff were great and while we had to sit outside due to space, the outdoor seating was relaxing and quiet. I really couldn't have asked for a better meal at this price point.
Definitely check out Katie's. You won't be disappointed.Just ordered the garlic feta fries and the crawfish beignet. Amazing! Jeannette and Brian were excellent and knowledgeable and Brian had an epic beard.Katie's always has a selection of interesting lunch specials.  The sandwiches a generous and my personal favorite is the Cajun Cuban with the right mix of cochon de lait and ham.  Today we started with he charbroiled oysters which were very good and they came with lots of french bread toI would have loved to give this place 5 stars, but I couldn't. I went for the Cochon du Lait. I tried it with the Cuban, and I love Cochon su Lait and I love a Cuban, so I thought it'd be great! Not so great, just good. My husband ordered the pizza with the same meat. We were both disappointed by the lack of smokey flavor in the meat. The meat was good, but also not juicy enough. Be best thing there was the chicken and sausage gumbo- best I've ever had! Also, bottomless mimosas at lunch.I feel like I should pull out a hula skirt and start dancing. The hula girl pizza it's like a song in my mouth. Like I open my mouth and some hawaiian music starts playing. Open song close chew open song close chew open. You get the idea. 
Delicious awesome and clearly a new favorite. I am in love with your pizza Katie.      I will come back for you I promise I won't be gone for long. Oh and your garlic fries I'm gonna need some more of that too thanks!
I'm not a traitor theos I love you too I'm just spreading the love!Went here on a Sunday for brunch with 3 other friends. Was shocked when we didn't have to wait for a table, we got there around 10:30 so I was pretty happy with that. I got the bottomless mimosas, and for $15 it was well worth it. Our waiter was very attentive and made sure my glass didn't get empty, props to him. I started off with the cheese fries with debris, I highly recommend these. The debris gravy was amazing and I could have had 2 plates of them. Was semi-disappointed with my steak and eggs, the steak is a chopped steak but they really saved it by having it stuffed with bell peppers. It was cooked a little more than I would have liked but still delicious. I could pass on eating the hashbrowns, should have gotten cheese grits instead because they are amazing. 
Will definitely be back, great sunday brunch spot.Sunday brunch at Katie's was no lie the highlight of my 4-day trip to New Orleans. We started with the bottomless mimosas for $15, which were almost constantly being topped off by our friendly and hospitable waitress, Katie (no affiliation to the restaurant's owner). 
We ordered the following dishes:
Breakfast pizza - potatoes, eggs, fennel, cheese, sausage. Definitely share this with one or two people. Incredible! 
Cochon beignet - This was a special for the day. A beignet (more calzone like) stuffed with pulled pork, four cheeses and jalapeño aioli. I'm not exaggerating when I say my eyes rolled to the back of my head when I had my first bite. 
Lemon ricotta pancakes - For "dessert" we had these pancakes. Creamy, lemony and just the perfect ending for our brunch. 
The chef/owner, Scott, stopped by our table to say hello. Such a nice and friendly guy. He gave us excellent recommendations on where to eat. He was also generous enough to hook us up with a dinner reservation at Mr. B's for dinner (this is his pick for best gumbo and classic New Orleans experience). 
Overall, Katie's far exceeded our expectations. I will be back to New Orleans just to eat here again. I'll also be recommending this place to everyone.I've been in the hospitality industry for 20+ years with 18 years in management and have never experienced a seating policy so moronic such as the one which is enforced at Katies. After arriving and telling the hostess it would be a party of two I was asked if my entire party had arrived? I notified her that my lunch date was parking as finding parking is very challenging in the area even with the lot they have which was full. I was told the wait would be 30+ minutes. As a table opened the host refused to seat me as my lunch date still hadn't arrived. This was 5 minutes later. As I'm waiting for another person to clean the table with no sense of urgency another 2 top became available. Two other groups of two arrived and were seated before me even though they arrived after I did. I expressed how horrible this policy was from a customer service standpoint and was told "We're a small restaurant" and that was all. That was the excuse. I wasn't one person attempting to hold a 6 top. I would've taken the exact same amount of table space had I chosen to dine alone. This type of poor decision making and absurd "policy making" screams lack of common sense and zero training. I'm not a tourist. I'm a local and have dined there many times before for Sunday brunch. I also live within 2 miles of this destination. I regularly come in contact with many tourists and locals alike who respect my opinion on dining destinations in NOLA. There are 800 dining destinations in New Orleans and I will never spend another dollar in this place of business or recommend it to anyone native or tourist. This policy needs to change immediately. I instead traveled 3 blocks away to Neyows which has great food and was promptly seated.Good food, good drink..... no bad stuff per say that you won't see at every restaurant of the area so no nitpicks.....Great food, interesting combinations, NOLA specials. You can't go wrong eating @ Katie's! Had the BBQ Shrimp Pasta over flatbread, delicious! Plenty of on-street parking and a lot just across the street. Excellent staff, prompt service - come hungry!This place is amazing. Total neighborhood gem with a diverse menu and great specials that check every box for local NOLA fare.  Friendly staff, great bar/drinks, and a place where everyone seems to know each other.  Makes you feel right at home.  
Pizzas are terrific.  Grilled oysters rival any in the city.  As do their Po Boys.  I've been to both Parkway and Domelises and this is the best shrimp Po boy I've had in New Orleans.  Must go especially if you want a locals vibe in Mid City away from the tourist traps.This place is in incredible. Really fun atmosphere. We've had delicious brunch before, but that wasn't an option on Monday. SO GLAD we had lunch: The Legend, The Boudreaux Pizza and Debris Fries. Simply put, AWESOME!!!Meh. It was a Monday and Liuzza's was closed, so I went to Katie's. 
The chargrilled oysters were fantastic, I will definitely say that. But my artichoke and red pepper soup was room temp at best. I was really disappointed. My friend's red beans were also barely warm. The greens in my salad were somewhat wilted and just didn't seem that fresh. 
It wasn't awful, but it also wasn't good.Cuban Sandwich YES
Seafood Ravioli YES
Fried Green tomatoes with Shrimp Remoulade YES
Seafood Beignet YES
KATIE's Yes yes yes!I love this place.  I grew up coming here.  The food is great, and so is the atmosphere.  A great neighborhood restaurant.Great bar ... the food is always good! The chargrilled oysters are awesome! The owner is very friendly and personable. Always a favorite place when I want New Orleans style food with a twist.I've tried reaching out to this business and every time I called, they immediately hung up on me. I guess I won't be bringing my family here.Great New Orleans neighborhood restaurant.  Service was excellent by Leo.  When I did my Yelp check in,  I received a free large onion ring order.  They were large and well breaded, very good.  Started off with Spinach &  Crab Bisque.  It was Delicious!  Followed up with the wedge salad.  It was large enough to split, which we did, and very good.  Ended lunch with the Crayfish Beignet.  It is a must order, very good.   Crayfish and crabmeat were very generous in the dishes!   Would order all of the same dishes again.  Highly recommend this restaurant.My wife and I just vacationed to NOLA and this place was recommended by our innkeeper.
The restaurant is within walking distance of Ashton's Bed and Breakfast if you enjoy walking. It took us about 30 minutes to walk here.
This place was packed with locals, both the inside and outside. There were about four tables outside which seated four each. We were advised that the wait would be 45+ minutes. Luckily we were able to quickly snag two seats from the bar so that we didn't have to wait.
We were greeted in a friendly manner by the bartender who patiently answered all of our questions about NOLA brews (we like amber's so Abita was it for us) and Po Boy's.
As a starter we ordered the Eggplant Fries for $8.95: topped with Parmesan cheese and served with marinara sauce. The fries were sizzling hot and not at all soggy. They also paired well with the warm marinara sauce. We were both please with our appetizer choice.
For our meal, we chose the Crab Cake Po Boy for $14.95 + $1.50 up-charge for fries instead of chips. We chose the French bread and dressed option. Dressed = mayonnaise, lettuce, tomatoes, and pickles. What a filling and enjoyable Po Boy.
Discover is an accepted form of payment. NOLA tax is 9% (lower than our WA tax).
Thank you Katie's for making our first NOLA dining experience pleasurable.If you are given a choice of where to enjoy a late lunch/dinner or a Sunday brunch and your choices are Dick and Jenny's or Katie's? Katie's will win every time! This place has superior menu options, prices, service, and ambiance. On a nice day I like to sit outside at one of there well dressed tables order a beer and Jays Chargrilled Oysters. If you plan on having a full meal, I recommend trying the Italian salad, the traditional/vegetarian muffuletta, any of the burgers, or Rosemary Grilled Chicken. If you are vegetarian, meat eater, or picky eater, this is your place. Service is out to please customers and will make accommodations where they can as well as provide great advice and detail on the dishes provided.I want to start off with food... it was exceptional. I had crab cakes with a half side of Caesar salad. I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the quaintness of the restaurant. I next want to touch on the service. Gratuity is already included in the check which I had a hard time design with after the service I received. I brought my bachelorette party to eat for brunch and one of my girls asked for Jameson... our waiter proceeded to tell us "we don't carry ghetto drinks". I was appalled. he then went to see what they had and turns out the bar did have Jameson. He also told us he was hungover... so as for the service quality I give a 1-star.AwesomeI doubt I'll be able to write anything here that hasn't already been stated.  This place is nothing short of awesome, and if this doesn't peel your drunk feet off pounding the pavement of the French Quarter than nothing will.
Try as you may, but you will not find a better gumbo while in NOLA, and the beardeaux pizza (or however it's spelt) - whoa.  Getting ready to have your sense blown away by this pizza that you won't want to share, but it's too big and rich to finish alone.
The crawfish beignets - one of the best things you'll eat anywhere.  Why the eff are you reading this when you could be at Katie's right now having a one of a kind culinary experience?Tasty food, friendly and fast service, will try this again. I had the Rosemary chicken and vegetables, the chicken was cooked well and the vegetables were fresh, the Rosemary was a nice touch. It was pretty much exactly what i wanted.I love this establishment and I come here very often.  However, on several occasions, the host (who looks like a younger Mitch McConnell - but he's still old - and wears glasses and is blonde) has not only been rude when getting seated, but he has also touched the waitresses inappropriately.  He makes the entire environment very uncomfortable.  He is the only thing I dislike about this wonderful place and it makes me so sad to to give this place 1 star.I love this place!!! The Boudreaux is a must-try!!!! They also work with Debbie does Doberge for a daily Doberge selection. YUM!!!!I LOVED my seafood platter! 
Before my main course we started with the bacon blue fries (they should bring a sauce for dipping) I asked for ranch on the Sadie and they were really good. We also had the Remy Stack (fried green tomatoes w/shrimp) as an appetizer.  I don't usually eat friend green tomatoes but these were very good. 
I had the Sicilian margarita (amazing!)
Now let's get to the seafood platter...it doesn't come with a sauce but since I love sauce I requested a variety to sample with my platter. I really enjoyed the remoulade sauce (I dipped everything in it) I also switched out the regular fries for the sweet potato fries and those were really good. I don't eat soft-shell crab but since I was on vacation I decided to try something different and I was really glad I did. It was very good!
Our waiter was really good. Whenever I asked for something extra he was really quick with the turn around. 
Overall it was a really good experience.Not really impressed with this place. First, our server was in such a bad mood and not very friendly or helpful. Second, I ordered the table some onion rings and those never came.  after 35 minutes I inquired about them and our server said the kitchen is behind, which then he ran to the computer and Added them to our table's ticket.  They didn't come out until 20 minutes later with our meal - which is not the point of ordering an appetizer.  And they weren't even that good either. The batter didn't even stay on -and they were rock hard. Third, I ordered the Redfish Noel special. I was excited because I love a good redfish dish, but this one was very disappointing. It was one small piece of red fish (I hope) topped with about a teaspoon of crab meat and 2 shrimp with some squash. This dish cost $19, so I guess I was expecting a little more of the toppings and maybe some sauce.  This is definitely not a place I would run to again....unless someone was treating me.  Over rated and over priced.Visited this restaurant on a recommendation and the food was fabulous - we sat outside and had a friendly young man as our waiter (I remember he was from Philadelphia but can't find where I jotted his name for this review).  My husband ordered a hamburger which was cooked to perfection, and I had the seafood beignet.  Honestly, my beignet was one of the best meals I've ever eatThe only disappointment was I ordered the peanut butter and jelly cheesecake and you were out of it.  Another good perk, we took a streetcar and restaurant is 2/3 blocks from stopSuperb food by a very personable chef...Scot Craig. Great crew, nice ambiance...try the Oysters Slessinger, Garlic Feta Fries, the Boudreaux pizza, Blackberry Jalapeño Ribs or the Cochon De Lait poboy...you can't go wrong. 
Dress code is casual. They don't accept reservations. They accept all major credit cards. You can sit outside or inside on either the first floor or the newly opened 2nd floor.
They have a parking lot about half a block away and there's plenty of on street parking.It looked like they had some good things on the menu, but I wasn't a huge fan of my cocoon de lait and shrimp po boy or the garlic feta fries.Visited again 8/6/2018 around 11:20.  Received food around 12:25.  Brandon apologized for "The rush had everything behind".  We watched others come in, eat and leave.  We were forgotten.  2nd bad experience out of 2 attempts.I just love this place! I've eaten here a handful of times now, and I usually try to get something different each time, because the menu is that expansive. Not expensive - expansive. Chargrilled oysters - mmm! I love that you can still get a well priced side salad. This neighborhood eatery is a gem, with amazingly friendly service. Love steak night on Wednesday, and the fact that they have consistent specials that you can always count on.Always looking for places that are local and not touristy. This place is that. Great food and awesome staff.  Located outside of the main tourist section but worth going to. Our best meal of the trip. Half muffuletta was insanely big and stuffed with meat. Took half home. Gumbo was nice and dark and had a great spice. Not a big place so call
Before you come.  If you have time it is worth the wait.Tried the crawfish beignet during Sunday brunch. Great flavor, a lot of cheese but loved the spice! A Must try!
Cute neighborhood restaurant. Bartender was busy, but nice enough!The food was delicious and the service was great. The unlimited mimosas were powerful. If you're ever in New Orleans be sure to eat at Kathie's. Being from California I didn't care for creamy gritsAside from the slow service, the food was really good. This is about to seem weird, but the Coleslaw from this place OMG!!!!! Feom the soup, to the chargrilled oysters, to the fish platter everything was on point! The cute little lady greeting everyone was an extra bonus!We planned an 88th birthday dinner for seven people for my mother-in-law. When we arrived, we were shown to a steep staircase that led to an upstairs dining room. The lovely man who helped us quickly realized that wasn't a great idea for her to get up those stairs and he was very apologetic, saying it was his fault and he'd get us set up quickly. He did indeed. Within five minutes we were shown to our table. Everyone enjoyed their meal and when it was time to sing "Happy Birthday" several of the wait staff came over to sing and she was presented with a lovely plate with several delicious desserts. Our waiter, Pablo, was very friendly, efficient and professional. The place is quite fun and lively, so may not be the bet spot for a romantic dinner. I love the "neighborhood feel" of the place and wish there was a Katie's in my own neighborhood.We had a great experience at Katie's! Everything we ordered was exceptionally good (even the kids' meals), the service was great, and we enjoyed the atmosphere. It's a local spot, tucked away in a quiet neighborhood. WELL worth the visit. We will most definitely be back!Sooooo I just saw this place on one of Guy Fieri's shows and had to check it out. I had the cochon, spinach, Provel cheese & garlic butter pizza he recommended and O M G it was RIDIC!! I also HD to have the feta fries & Slessinger oysters! Everything was SO GOOD! I would recommend it for sure!!!I have been patronizing Katie's since early 1999, back in my days of being employed by the City of NOLA.  It is one of my absolute favorite restaurants in the city and has never left me anything but completely satiated after every visit. It is also one of my go to spots for out of town guests who are looking for that quintessential neighborhood restaurant as it has that uniquely local neighborhood feel, but features more than enough typical New Orleans' favorites.  Owner Scot Craig has his finger on the pulse of New Orleanians' appetites.
Following Hurricane Katrina, Katie's remained closed until March 2010, and I was fearful that they were not going to re-open. However, not only did they come back, but they came back with a vengeance. With an upgraded décor, menu & food offerings, including wood fired pizzas, Katie's was able to transcend from a solid neighborhood restaurant to one of the very best casual restaurants that New Orleans has to offer.
They even offer a dynamite Sunday brunch from 9:00-3:00 and feature local offerings such as Katie's Famous Grillades & Grits, crawfish beignets, Terranova Sausage Frittata, crawfish frittatas and Eggs Cochon. 
Some of my favorite dishes, all of which I have tried many times, are as follows 
APPETIZERS:
OVER-THE-TOP ONION RINGS: Free with my Yelp Check in ($7.95 value)  These thick cut / hand battered rings are delish; especially with the remoulade sauce they are served with.
CHEESE FRIES:  It's the cheddar / mozzarella blend of cheese that sets these fries apart from other places.  Try it with the debris (roast beef) gravy for a real treat.
JAY'S CHARGRILLED OYSTERS: These are the real deal.  Served piping hot and slathered in a buttery / garlicky / cheesy sauce; these oysters can hold their own with anyone's offerings.
PO-BOYS:
THE BARGE: Made with New Orleans' own Gendusa Bakery's French bread, this "whole loaf" po-boy is piled high with fried shrimp, oysters & catfish; and feeds 2-4 people.
THE ST. LOUIE: Piled high with fresh Louisiana fried oysters, the St. Louie adds melted provel cheese and bacon for a unique New Orleans experience with a Missouri twist.
FRIED GREEN TOMATO & SHRIMP REMOULADE:  This po-boy features lightly breaded slices of fired green tomatoes that allows the flavor of the tomatoes to not be overshadowed by the breading.  Paired with the fresh Gulf (of Mexico) shrimp and remoulade sauce, this is a serious contender.
CRAB CAKE PO-BOY:  Nothing can ruin a crab cake quicker than a ratio of bread crumbs to crab meat that is too high.  Fear not, as Katie's does it right, as you can see the crab meat in every bite.
COCHON DE LAIT (shredded pork): Talk about tender.  This juicy, melt in your mouth pork will have you coming back for more.
THE CRABBY COUPLE: My 2nd favorite sandwich.  Not one, but two deliciously fried soft shelled crabs, each served on it's own pistolette. 
THE LEGEND:  My favorite po-boy.  This behemoth is crafted by using the end cut of the French bread.  The bread is then hollowed out and the inside is stuffed chock full of succulent cochon de lait and buttery BBQ shrimp.  It's the equivalent of 2 sandwiches in one, and you can rest assured that you aint getting this anywhere else.  
ENTREES: I almost always opt for one of the daily specials, as they usually feature fresh seafood offerings and/or pasta combos.  However, the regular menu entrees are all solid.
ROSEMARY GRILLED CHICKEN BREAST: If you have to eat healthy, and I don't recommend doing that while you are at Katie's, try this entrée.  Even though the chicken is healthy, it is succulent, juicy & seasoned just right.
PIZZAS: All pizzas are made fresh to order and are fired over a "Brooklyn style stone".  The hand tossed pizza dough is approximately 12" and is topped with mozzarella and Provel cheese.  For those not in the know, provel cheese is a white processed cheese that is very popular in Saint Louis cuisine.  It's a combination of cheddar, Swiss, and provolone cheeses and is rarely used outside of St. Louis; which gives Katie's pizzas a very unique (delicious) flavor.
THE ATCHAFALAYA: I highly recommend this favorite of mine pizza to everyone, especially tourists, as nowhere other than New Orleans can you get a pizza topped with roasted garlic, sautéed shrimp, oysters, crabcakes, crawfish, tri-colored bell peppers and tabasco sauce.  Uniquely New Orleans and absolutely delicious, with a spicy kick.
THE IBERVILLE: Vegetarians (Not me) can opt fir this rich pizza as it features grilled eggplant, fresh spinach, red onions, fresh basil, feta and a garlic butter cream reduction.
THE BOUDREAUX: My 2nd favorite pizza is loaded with cochon de lait (shredded pork), roasted garlic, fresh spinach, red onions, scallions and a garlic butter cream reduction.  I have never seen a pizza like it and it is uniquely Katie's.
Finish up with the house made white chocolate bread pudding or a slice of cake from Debbie Does Doberge and you'll be a fan forever!I don't normally order ribs or BBQ items on menus but I got the ribs tonight and they were amazing. Smokey and sauced just right. The remoulade shrimp and fried green tomato stack was bomb.com and so was our waitress.One of the best restaurants in the city. Food is consistently good. Try the seafood beignets. Can't go wrong with the hamburger steak!This was my first time in NOLA and I was looking for brunch spot! I got to Katie and the was an hour wait. My friend and I decided to wait it out and we were glad that we did. We got the bottomless mimosas and sangrias while we waited for our food. My glass was never empty. Our server was very attentive to making sure we had enough drinks. The portions were huge. I got the crab cake P.O. boy and it was so tasty. Definitely recommend checking them out for brunch.This restaurant was recommended to us by a friend. Our apps where the remmy stack (fried green tomatoes with grilled shrimp and romulade sauce) which was really good and the presentation was phenomenal. We also ordered the charbroiled oysters also very good. My wife had one of the specials running that day blackend redfish with with grilled bbq shrimp sauce on a nice helping of garlic mash potatoes that she and I both loved. I ordered a poboy (the funky Fontana) which has suckling pig fried oysters and grilled shrimp with provolone cheese. All in all this is a great place with great atmosphere and highly recommend to anyone to come and try.I want to love Katies- I try to love Katies.... It needs to impress me. Everytime I've gone with high hopes, and leave horribly disappointed. 
The fries with feta sauce? Taste like vomit. 
My garden salad (that I had to special-order without meat) was awful- measly and wilted, with unusual surprises (such as a whole clove of garlic. Thanks, I was on a date) 
My dates salad- fine. 
Bottomless mimosas? A joke. She'll never refill your glass. 
The Sangria? My date actually did vomit. In their bathroom. 
Waited forever, over charged, under whelmed, and definite puking. Actually ruined our day of fun, we ended up at home on the couch. 
Good luck, next time.Take a trolley or taxi to this location if your staying in the bourbon, French quarter area. Its to far to walk otherwise. They had great salads! even the side salads were large with great ingredients.Brought here by a local and my moms first meal in New Orleans- couldn't be happier. The food was delicious and the service was wonderful. We all got Po-boys and they were exceptional! Can't wait to come back and try moreNot impressed.  My friends and I went here (bad decision) after watching Bridesmaids (good decision).  I thought the 30 min wait for a table meant that it might be a good place.  I was wrong.  We had an odd waiter... among social awkwardness and rehearsed one-liners, one of those that doesn't write down the order (2 nights after watching that new sitcom with a non-writing waiter, I had de ja vu).  So of course, he forgets my salad, then forgets my order.  Why don't you just write down the order?
If you like Russian roulette, you will like this place.  The dishes either come out way oversized... or way undersized.  Tasty... or completely drab.  Maybe if they reduced the menu to only the things they are good at, they might be more consistent.  As for me, I don't like playing this game when I'm paying someone to cook my meal.
2 hours later, we paid the bill.  So, not exactly the best service.  Our party was only 6 people, so it's not like we were huge.  Especially when you consider only 5 of us were served.I came here recently for breakfast to feed hung-over friends who were visiting from up north. It was a great bet. They were wooed by the New Orleans classic takes on brunch. I would not usually incorporate seafood into my breakfast, but the crab omelette was great. It is a bit pricey, but brunches tend to be. The staff was quick and friendly. An older woman who I assumed was the owner came over to make sure we were enjoying everything, which made me feel welcome. We were lucky to get there early, because the place filled up. I would say if you're looking for brunch in Mid-City that's more than just a lousy egg sandwich, definitely hit this place.Wait times are crazy bad..they tell u 30 min..be ready for hour plus on Sunday. .they need to ask patrons to limit sit times!! I feel for the waiters!  Don't see how they can make any money!!Great food, great atmosphere. Was staying in town and had to take an uber here. Was very very worth the fare. They were very nice quick to serve and never forgot or messed up once. I am a very happy customer.I've been several times to Katie's.  I recommend their Cuban Sandwich, Salisbury Steak, Roast Beef Sandwich.  I'm sure there's plenty more items that are delicious I just haven't tried them.Great brunch place to go with friends, there may be a long wait but it's definitely worth it. Great mimosa special and the food was delicious!Love this place. 
We moved right next to it several months ago, and it's a breath of fresh air. Nothing like your typical NOLA spot, but to go to a place that has pizza, creative apps, great entrees and a menu that changes - love it.For a place that gets such good press, I've been underwhelmed every time I've been here. Try Liuzza's or Mandina's if you want a consistently good New Orleans neighborhood restaurant experience.Brunch here was a complete success! My husband, my friend Susan and I all had egg-white omelets with various fillings. They were perfectly cooked, tasty, and brought to us piping hot. The grits are the creamy, cream-added type, and probably the most delicious we've come across in a while. 
Susan's husband had the Pain Perdu, which was beautifully presented, and by his reports, fantastic. 
Susan finally gave in and ordered a lemon ricotta pancake just to try it out. We all agreed it was the best pancake we'd had since Bluebird closed. Don't be misled by the ingredients; if I hadn't read the name, I would never have imagined the pancake contained either lemon or ricotta. It was simply a perfectly risen pancake with a bit of crispiness, and fabulous without one drop of syrup.
The wait staff was attentive, but not hovering. We sat down immediately on a Sunday at 11:30. The restaurant is comfortably busy, and it has a great Mid-City feel. 
We will be back, very soon!This small restaurant right off Canal St. is a fantastic place tor dinner or drinks. Dave was our waiter and he was very helpful and encouraged our party to try the specials. He didn't even mention the Barge sandwich, which is a Po' Boy made from a full-length french bread loaf. We ordered the Barge for three of the party, which was delivered on a wooden plank and was over 5 feet long! More than just a monster Po' Boy, the Barge was filled with flaky fried catfish, oysters and shrimp with jalapeno mayonnaise. It was easily one of the best Po' Boys that I have had anywhere in the Crescent City.
Everything we had was prepared perfectly. Katie's is a keeper.I almost don't want lots of people to know how good this place is, so it can stay "ours."  It is so good!!  The onion rings are great.  The pizza is AWESOME!  The couchon-de-lait is fantastic (even on pizza).  It is so good.  My favorite MidCity dive.Food was decent but the staff was so unprofessional. Drinking behind the bar. Talking about being hungover and honestly rude. With so many places to eat, I'll never be back.Katie's is set in a residential area and is small but has big big flavor with the dishes prepared. 
Come casual and enjoy a great meal. We started the meal with 2 kinds of Chargrilled oysters. Both melted in your mouth. 
We ordered the crawfish Beignet, seafood ravioli, and grill fish of the day. 
The Beignet was filled with huge amounts of crawfish and plenty of creamy goodness.
The ravioli was smothered in a cream sauce and had plenty of seafood in the pasta. 
The grilled fish (of course the healthy choice that only one of us chose) was served with plenty of broccoli and seasoned perfectly.My local friends took me here for a NOLA  neighborhood  experience.  Great food!  Friendly, knowledgeable and accommodating staff.  They made me an olive oil and garlic penne to die for.  My drum fish was great and the Margarita piazza was basil infused and delicious.  Take the Canal Streetcar line out of the quarter to mid city and go to Katie's for great food and service in a friendly local environment.  They won't disappoint!Didn't live up to the hype, Cajun Cuban and Cochon de Lait were okay but both a bit dry.  Waitstaff was nice and service was prompt.Great food for first time. Bit noisy but outdoors dining woukd have been better fot us. Next time we'll do outdoor table. You wont leave hungry.This is a hidden gem. I have eaten here about 3 times and I have never been disappointed. It's loud in here and the tables are really close together. The place is super casual but the food is so good. There is outside seating if you are into that 
I have had the opportunity to try a couple things off the menu and I haven't had anything that wasn't 5 Star. 
The food is affordable. If you are in New Orleans you should definitely visit Katie's. Bring your appetite. 
I recommend the seafood beignet. Fried pasty stuffed with seafood and cheese. The crab cakes are amazing. The pizza is a hit and you must try the red fish with broccoli topped with crab meat and order a side of the seafood sauce 
My all time fav is the pasta that is topped with fried shrimp, crawfish, and oysters ( I asked for no oysters) that pasta was soooooooooi good and they give you so much. You have to get thisGreat food in a cool neighborhood. Seafood stuffed mushrooms for appetizer were absolutely amazing. I had the grilled shrimp po-boy and wife had the Chirozo po-boy. Both were very good and satisfying. Service was very responsive, never had an empty glass and food came very quickly. Great experience if you want to get away from the hustle and bustle of the Quarter.Terrific onion rings, fabulous lasagne, wonderful short ribs special-5 stars for family style food.Never disappoints, oysters, ribs, pizza, desserts! Amazing service, food, atmosphere & overall experience of the NOLA area.  Every single time I am near the area this is an absolute must. #YUMMYWent here with a friend for what we thought was brunch.  Brunch is only served on Sundays.  We started with 1/2 dozen chargrilled oysters.  They were small, but great flavor.  We then decided on The Boudreaux pizza.  Delicious!  They only had one piece left.  The only negative thing I would say is that there usually has more meat on the pizza.  Overall, good service!Bottomless Bloody Mary's, mimosas, sangria...Awesome. Best part: our server (Murphy) was ON TOP of refills, love that we never had to flag him down or ask!
Chicken and waffles were solid. Everything else looked great, can't wait to go back!One of my top 5 spots to eat. Thanks to Chef Scot for the visit today. My pastor and I had a great lunch. Shrimp creole and blackened catfish was on point, off the chain, to die for.... all that. I visit often and the Muffuletta is the best in town however. Nonetheless, Katie's is still the best in the city. See ya again soon Dr. Turner...Went here last weekend and it was my 2nd trip to Katie's. I love this place. It is becoming on of my favorites in Nola. We went on a Saturday around 5pm (so kinda early for dinner) but we wanted to beat the big dinner crowd. We ended up opting to sit outside and enjoy the balmy 90 degree weather. Ha! I had heard good things about the pizza so I decided to try a traditional style with pepperoni, sausage, onion, green peppers and black olives. It was the perfect thickness. Kind of thin and crunchy but kinda chewy at the same time. You could tell it was cooked in a brick oven. My husband got a hickory burger and fries and he said it was great. Oh we also got the seafood beignet for an appetizer. It was super cheesy and gooey. Maybe too cheesy for some people but I am a cheese fanatic so I loved it. It was super rich and indulgent. I had one Bloody Mary and one rum punch. The Bloody Mary was delicious with the homemade jalapeño vodka and pickled veggies. The rum punch wasn't as good as I had hoped it would be but it was strong so that was good! After we left my husband said "We need to come here more often!"This place is so good! The staff here is friendly and their portions are huge. I came here after a friend told me it was somewhere I had to try. It's not close to the quarters which is another plus in my book because it doesn't feel as touristy of a spot. I was able to take the Canal St. Streetcar to Telemachus and it was a couple of blocks away from where I stopped. 
I had the legend which is a sandwich that has bbq shrimp and cochon de lait. I was a little leery about this sandwich because there is no dressing on it, it just pulled pork and shrimp but he way they cook the pork in its own juice to give it its flavor is great. You have to come hungry to eat this sandwich because it is really big....at least it was to me. I definitely recommend this place and will absolutely be back the next time I'm in town.Yes yes yes thank you Jesus yes! The food here was the best I have had our entire trip even better than that really good food at emrils restaurant which cost twice as much I had the blueberry and jalapeño ribs which were the best ribs I've ever had,my mother had the most crabby is crabcakes(no skimping on the crab) and my husband had pizza and a side salad let me tell you the customer service was beyond great we started off with the charbroiled oysters delicious delicious delicious even if you're not into oysters just do it and try it you'll thank me we were seated in 20 minutes on a busy Firday night ate outside cause we had a sleeping baby, the weather was perfect, food was amazing, and we even got a chance to thank chef.Everybody said try the craw fish beignet and I was not impressed I actually had the seafood beignet and did not like the frozen shrimp that was in it and I did not like that mayonnaise sauce on the top had the oysters Salinger's and they were pretty good did not like the crab cakes.  Very clean place service was outstandingCrawfish Beignet is one of best dishes in NOLA! Oyster Slessinger, Stuffed Lobster, The Legend all among my favorites.