In a quickly gentrifying neighborhood full of small plate bullshit, Kebab comes as a breath of fresh air. Hungry and a little inebriated after a Saints' win on a Sunday and mulling over what to eat, my s.o. and I decided on Kebab.
The menu comes simple; usually a pork option, a chicken, and then a falafel which can be made vegan or just vegetarian. I'm a huge falafel fan so I ordered the falafel and the s.o. ordered the gyro. The kebabs come on a flat baked bread, which I actually prefer to a pita since they can hold up to all the dressings. My falafel came with a nice heaping portion of arugula, beets, hummus, and tzatziki. The falafel didn't taste fried and had lots of flavor, so I like to think that my meal here was healthy. I think I'll probably be ordering a meat option next time because I couldn't help myself from stealing bites of the gyro kebab which was covered in a cilantro sauce. We also ordered a side order of fries, which were okay. They're thick cut fries that don't have that much crunch to them, but they do come with an addicting garlic aioli. Both the meat option and the falafel tasted extremely fresh, yet filling. 
I'm hoping that they get to expand their hours soon to include weekdays, because I'm a huge fan and am loving the new affordable dining option.Reaching down deep to offer a 3 star review. I can only do so because the staff was super friendly and made the visit a pleasant experience. I ordered a gyro and the only thing that resembled a traditional gyro was the name. Now, this is a nice/high quality sandwich with a lot of flavor, but leaves something to be desired when you're expecting that wonderful beef/lamb combo and are met with oddly pressed sliced pork. The food is not at all the traditional style of Greek, so it seems a bit of false advertisement- afterall, ciabatta is Italian. This place would be much better served if they changed their marketing/branding and didn't offer something that gives their customers such strong expectations for actual Greek food or kabab. If you love sandwiched you will love this spot. If you love traditional gyros and kebabs you may want to look elsewhere.The sauces are all very delicious they make the meal. Place is cute service is fast and falafels are tastyI absolutely love this place! Back when I used to eat carbs on the regular, their sandwiches were a staple in my diet.  Now, I turn to their Green Salad and add chicken (perfectly marinated and seasoned).  It's pretty affordable - a large usually lasts me two meals.  And that turmeric dressing is to die for!  Check them out if you're in the area - definitely worth it.  Ooo, and I love the pinball games lining the place!Saw many a friend check in here so I ventured to this spot one afternoon hoping for the best. I checked in and got some free mint tea which was a plus. I decided to order the Doner Kebab and for the most part it was good. The spicy hot sauce they gave me was a plus but the meat was a tad bit dried out. I'd honestly eat their bread just by itself because it's so delicious. I'll be back again to give it a second try because that's just how I roll in life.I have had two mediocre experiences here so far.  I don't understand all the hype so far.  
I think I made a mistake tonight and got the Doner sandwich (made with chicken). After I ordered it, I noticed the chicken rotisserie stick was down towards the end and looked really dry...and voila when I got my sandwich, the chicken was very dry and lacking flavor and consisted of a bunch of smaller pieces of meat.  I did like the bread and it was hot and fresh, but I wish I had ordered the gyro sandwich because the meat looked way fresher and juicier while it roasted on the big skewer.  
I will try this place one more time before giving up. Sorry kebab, but maybe I just keep hitting you at the wrong time.This is place is amazing. As a vegetarian, is makes my choice of dish pretty obvious (falafel) but I love it every time. A ton of the stuff is made in-house (like the soda) which is really cool. Plus, with super-reasonable prices and a relaxed atmosphere, it is an awesome place to be.4/5 solid!
the buzz drew me in and I'm glad that it did. They ran out of the lamb special, but being awesome people, they gave me the last bits in a little sauce container as a consolation (it was savory and tender and my mouth just started to water again...). went with the pork and some fries and couscous, because a little wine made me think I was hungrier than I was, all to go. Well, I started munching on the fries on the way home...whoa. Bacon fat does wonders y'all! I had a Paula moment.
The actual gyro sandwich - so, so tasty. each part had a unique and bold flavor, and they all kinda hung out at the cool kids' table in my mouth. that bread was the big surprise - I'd totally buy that from them on it's own. Like pillows! 
only reservations were that it took a bit for my order to come out, but it was after a couple other orders so I understand. i wasn't wowed by the couscous, so I'll probably pass on that in the future (unless it's covered in lamb).
Will be back, probably my new fave food along st. claude!this place is great! The food is delicious, the staff is friendly, and it's not expensive. To find out how they make their bread is my next goal in life.I mean... These fries are stupid good! 
Garlic aioli, coconut milk habanero sauce, and homemade ketchup. A sauce lovers heaven!
Ate here both days in New Orleans. Gyro is a little better than the chicken doner, but both are phenomenal. 
Try the homemade passion fruit soda. 
I can't rave about this place enough!This place is legit. My Arab wife says they have the best humus in New Orleans and I got the special of the day, which was a lamb pastrami with caraway sauerkraut, sandwich. I've eaten a lot of Mediterranean and Arabic food and this was the best thing in between a pita I've ever eaten in my life. It had two sauces and these little delectable pickle slices  that melded with the lamb so perfectly that it was like a culinary symphony in my mouth. Afterwards I told the chef how much I loved it and he was really super nice and told me how every single thing in that sandwich, including the sauces and the pickles were made from scratch inhouse. I begged him to put it on the regular menu. I will dream of that sandwich for years to come.A bit out of the way for me, but worth the drive. The location makes me not want to hang around after dark but the food makes up for it! The doner kebab and fries are what dreams are made of.Love this place! Quick, simple, affordable and really delicious food. The only reason I didn't give them five stars is I was disappointed with the hummus. The falafel, bread, pork and everything else is so yummy that to get the some what bland hummus was a total bummer. I've never dined in, always taken out, but they are always crowded with lots of people. Great location that makes them super easy and accessible from the Marigny or Bywater. Will continue to enjoy their kebabs and recommend to anyone!I live about 4 blocks away and eat here 3 to 5 times a week and never get tired if it. Fresh and delicious every time. Gyro or Donner suggested, the fries are a must try with their homemade ketchup and mayo! And then enjoy a game if pinball after.I love some kebabs and I was excited the website said they were planning lamb roasts every Sunday.  The chicken and falafel sandwiches are alright but the lamb pastrami is the best thing I've had here.  I could tell that they really take some time to use some quality ingredients in a lot of what they prepare but they still have a lot of kinks to work out.  One of their unique offerings is the young coconut they pop open for you to drink.  
Areas that could use some improvement:
They didn't have any self-serve ice next to the drinks so that was a bit of a challenge.  They also got my tables order confused with a to go order so that caused a bit of mix up so they need to develop a better order system.  Something got burned and caused a really bad burned odor and fumes; so accidents happen but maybe a better venting system over the oven could help it from being so overwhelming a sensation when they do.  
The website is a bit confusing with the hours listing being Friday-Monday  3PM-12AM and 3PM-12PM in different locations on the site so that needs to be cleaned up to fix the AM/PM confusion.  The environment was also a bit confused inside with half art gallery and half restaurant and I  don't think the art gallery did much for me other than limit my seating options.  The crowd consisted of a lot of really dirty unwashed gutter punks and other Bywater hipster types that gave off quite a bit of unpleasant body odor so just be prepared for the possibility that if enough of them are there you might want to just get a to-go order to avoid their retched stench.  I think the Bywater restaurants might want to start posting signs that say, "No shower no service!"  
50 cent surcharge for using credit cards!  I completely understand how credit cards abuse business owners with their fees but you should at least post a sign stating that policy instead of telling folks after the fact or NOT telling them at all!
The specials board is very badly placed way over to the left where nobody will see it unless they know to look way over to the left above the drinks.  You need the specials right underneath the register where folks can see them as they are approaching to order so they know they are there and really you should hang a board above the register.
Overall there are just a whole lot of other Middle Eastern and Greek restaurants that have better food to me at this point in the city but I certainly see this joint has some potential if they get their act together as they are the only restaurant of this genre in the Bywater.  So I'm just going to wait and see what develops but I'm still going to go back to try the roast lamb and get another coconut.Loved this place! The fresh coconut drink was so good, and the gyro sandwich was quite delicious. I can't wait to try the other sandwiches they offer.I'll just go against the person who is angry that they open at 3 and say 'Boy Im glad they were open at 3.'
Three is a really pleasant time to open; you get to have a nice cup of coffee, maybe make an omelets then walk the dog before work, maybe you just get to lay in bed with a companion for awhile talking about what's on your mind before heading to work to start prepping the Kebab. OK, I'll just say it, you can have lots of sex in the morning to then, and even some at noon...is that so wrong?
Im sure in New York kebab places are open 24 hours, and at 7 AM the Kebab workers don't even have time to wipe last nights grease out of their ears before hauling themselves back to their Kebab place and working 11 hours kebabing to make sure kebabs are always available in the city that never stops, but that's no way to live. Kebabs are awesome, but so is non Kebab time.
I went in at 3:40 and it all seemed normal to me.
Yeah, there may be people from the neighborhood that others who review don't believe have a right to eat in a restaurant because they are dirty, but that's why the American's invented the Garden District, so they could cloister themselves up there rather than deal with the poorer immigrants. If you don't like it you can do the same.
Anyway, I seem to just reviewing other reviewers who got my goat (yum, goat Kebabs, remind me to be angry they don't have them) thereby saving everybody the time to hit the 'useful' button.
PS the kebab platters were both awesome, fair deal and whoever is the genius who came up with the odd pricing that turned out to make everything cost a neat number; you are a genius. The location is a historical landmark as it was once the best 2 AM poboy in the entire city. And a delicious quick cheap takeout place in that areanot in a bar? totally perfect
(the togo little plates were hard to deal with, sorry, that's my only complaint)Love this spot. It's definitely has its own spin on a kebab but it's awesome. Some of the best falafel in the city.I literally initially ordered food from here without looking at a menu, based off of my friends insistence that I had to get the gyro. I had no idea what was gonna come when I ordered it, but it was amazing. I'm pretty sure I don't normally eat half of what was on it but I'm glad I didn't get all picky and just dove into it. I'm hooked. It's my happy place and I can't stay away from it. If I were on a desert island with one meal for life, it would be my choice without hesitation! The Belgian fries are the best fries I have ever had and house made ketchup and aioli is to die for. Ask for the habanero yogurt sauce too! 
They see me once a week and I happily shell out the cash and 20% tip and play pinball on the stellar selection of old machines while I wait patiently for my little piece of heaven.I love this place and eat there 2-3 times per month.  Sometimes the portions can vary but even when they are on the light side its still a good deal.  The  habenero sauce they make is too good and they probably have the best fries I've ever eaten.I tried this place for the first time last year. My husband had ordered me a falafel sandwich and brought it to me at work. The next time I tried it we were coming home from and event and went in to order to go. They messed up my order after waiting 30 minutes and had to wait 15 more minutes for it to be fixed. I started eating the Belgium fries in the car not so good and ate the sandwich at home. The problem with this place is it is not consistent. Last time it was so good and this time I didnt even eat all of it.Kebab saved my life this past weekend. After a weekend of quite the amount of booze intake (courtesy of the NBA All-Star weekend/Mardi Gras coinciding), I was in desperate need of something delicious and hearty on Sunday afternoon. I pass by Kebab all the time and decided to finally try it out after perusing the menu. It sounded interesting enough and we had heard a lot of people rave about it. We placed an order for pick-up (although we now know they deliver to our house), and it was ready within 20 minutes. I came a few minutes early and since my order wasn't ready, I played pinball on some of the vintage machines they have in the restaurant. 
We ordered 2 Gyro Kebab's and an order of large fries. The total came out to around $30 bucks which isn't too bad these days for a meal for 2 on St. Claude. At first when I opened the box, I was surprised to see that it was on a Ciabatta looking bread instead of a Pita. Then I took a bite and was pleasantly surprised! The bread was like a fluffy delicious pillow and each bite was was full of bold flavor. I got my Gyro with feta (which is a must) and my girlfriend got hers with extra beets (holy smokes, I didn't know I could ever like beets so much). I read some other reviews about how they felt like the sandwiches were too bready and not filing enough, but ours were so hearty, that we could only finish half of our sandwiches. The fries were okay (not out of this world) but the garlic aioli and housemade ketchup were killer. Seriously, I want that garlic aioli on basically everything I eat. 
All in all, I will definitely be eating Kebab again soon in the near hungover future.Great food and fun classic pinball machines to play on. I tried the chicken kebab, hummus and wagyu. Especially liked the falafel. Apparently they make their own unique sodas...I highly recommend the doner kebab and Belgian fries. I had a doner in Germany and this one closely resembled the one I had their in sight and taste. The fries were absolutely amazing along with the sauces.Amazingggggg!!! Came in for a small lunch expecting it to be good but it was even better then we could have imagined. We got the falafel sandwich and a side of hummus and bread. Both were so tasty! One of the better falafel sandwiches Ive ever had. The bread they use is fresh and the falafel crispy and don't even get me started on the garlic aioli!I love Kebab! Their falafel is the best I've ever had. I love the bread they serve their sandwiches on. The hummus is delicious. Everything I've ever ordered at Kebab has been excellent. It is interesting, authentic and affordable. Any time friends or family ask me to suggest a place to meet for dinner, I always begin by suggesting Kebab. I also love their changing art displays as well as the vintage pinball machines . Great place overall. I highly recommend it .I soooo love this place...always get the same thing...Chicken Döner sandwich & a Beet Citrus soda!!!
And the nicest staff EVER!!This place is so dang good. I would highly recommend it. Apart from the delicious food, the atmosphere is wonderfully relaxed and they are even open late. I'd add this to the top of your Nola eats priority list.Ok, this is a great night get away with good sandwiches. 
I personally like HOT sandwiches THESE ARE NOT MEANT to be this way .... I found them to be delicious!!! Very personable staff.... With a hands on owner!!!  
 I think it's a real comfort food . A place visitors should try & locals to call a second homeBest doner ever ...wonderfully juicy, garlicky, fresh, delicious bread ...simply a must eat ...nice filing size too.Kebab is good
Pork is moist
Chicken is spiced so nicely
Bread is killer
Sammies come out fresh looking and fresh tasting
Service is super low key
Hot sauce is amazingGreat delivery time and really fresh. 
It's a nice change of pace from the NOLA normal.
LOVE LOVE LOVE THE BELGIAN FRIES !
Welcome to the neighborhood!I love the hummus plate and all of their sandwiches.  Only down side is they can be really slow. I suggest calling ahead to orderNot your typical hole-in-the-wall restaurant. Very creative, unique and tasty food. Generous portions. Their French fries are amazing, with unique sauces for dipping.Service without a smile. The staff's demeanor creates a vibe reminiscent of Walmart. This last visit I had falafel and "gumbo". The falafel was not very good and the gumbo wasn't really gumbo, more of a chicken soup, which tasted pretty decent actually. I'm not an expert in falafel but I eat it a couple times a month. The texture was off on this one: very hard on the teeth, semi-burnt crust and very dense interior; not very satisfying to eat. I don't like writing less than positive reviews but it seems like no one cares here, so I don't either.The most interesting thing about Kebab is how perfectly its identity matches its customers: it is a stripped down restaurant whose unreasonable prices are justified by the fact that its food is locally sourced and unfathomably delicious.  Its customers appear to be disheveled artists prone to making irresponsible financial decisions in the name of aesthetics and social conscience.  A match made in Heaven!  
Well, the food truly is amazing, though I'm puzzled by how the pricing and quality befit a formal dining experience, while the presentation clearly says it is meant to be treated as a casual food store by those too lazy to cook their own meals.  Who has the money to live like this?  And what percentage of their monthly income do they spend in restaurants?  These must be the hipsters I keep hearing so much about.  At the end of the day, Kebab is great and I would definitely recommend eating there the next time you're in the mood to spend over $9 on a sandwich with no sides.  Whether you make this a lifestyle or not I suppose is up to you.I love this place and if they had better hours (they're only open Friday thru Monday) Id eat here two or three times a week. This place is a fresh take on the gyro shack and the Belgian fries are the better than nearly anything else in the hood Plus you can order several speciality house made sauces for dipping in addition to the fries I always get the Doner Kebob w chicken it comes in homemade bread w gorgeous spicy sauces is that horseradish I don't know but I'm addicted plus they deliver and they sell a great selection of beers including a few delicious IPA's 
And.... the boys & girls working there all seem to love their boss (I met him once and he so charming) and it seems their jobs!!!Ive never had a bad experience and the food is consistent and well priced !!! Great job Kebab love you guys!!!!!We've been fortunate in our travels across Europe to sample some really great kebabs, but haven't had the same luck traveling in the US...until we happened upon this place on Saint Claude. We tried several items from their menu including the pork gyro kebab with pickled cucumbers, the falafel with hummus and the authentic double-fried Belgian fries. We enjoyed everything!Yum. 
I got Kebab delivered to my house last weekend. That's exciting in itself because I live in St Roch and Dominos is like the only place that comes here. Anyway, it was really good. 
The guy who took my order was v friendly, and in about an hour an equally friendly bike delivery lady dropped off my food. I got the gyro and some fries. The aioli for the fries had a nice garlicky tang, and I liked that the potatoes were thick cut. I'm still undecided on the bacon fat (which they're fried in -- mention if you're veg and you can get some fried in another oil). It imparts a pretty strong flavor....at times it made the fries almost overwhelmingly rich. Idk they were still pretty damn good. Maybe I just needed a smaller portion, hah. 
The gyro has tons of condiments - and I love condiments. It has a nice fresh flavor and lots of herbs. I loved the charred edges of the sliced pork.... The bread was good, too. I might actually prefer a slightly smaller sandwich (lengthwise) where the pork was piled higher, though. It wasn't my ideal bread to pork ratio at times. 
Not sure what it's like in their physical location, but the food is a great value and I will definitely call again. (If they keep delivering to me -- incidentally my house is less than a block south of Claiborne and they said it's the delivery person's discretion *shrug*)."This is one of the few places I've found so far that meet my expectations about what a proper döner joint should offer: consistent bread, garlic sauce with the right kick and perfectly seasoned meat. PERIOD."
- Sean Spicer 
Really, these guys are doing a great job. Will definitely visit again on my next Nola trip. Keep up the good work!!love this place.   but today was a miss.
wah.
I got an order to go and the meat was jerky.  tiny scraps of tough dry meat wrapped in panini.  WTH?
no no no no
go back to your original ways.
too much bread.   way too much bread.   
I won't give up on you tho.   but I will bitch about that miss.
take the time to throw your jerky away and serve the original goodness that I am so used to.
and always get the coconut hot sauce.  thats  the bomb.Good, solid, hearty sandwich for the price.  They are making their own bread, which is a nice touch.  Ingredients are fresh and bright- well seasoned food.  I wish they had lamb all the time, but otherwise, a great affordable option for lunch or dinner.  No booze, but its byob and they do have some nice homemade non alcoholic beverages.My favorite kebab shop! Every time I'm in the area, I make sure I stop by to support this local run place. 
Now understand that kebabs aren't chunks of meat on a stick. These are Mideastern style kebab meaning of the gyro (beef/lamb) and doner (chicken) persuasion. I absolutely LOVE that they make their own sauces, to include ketchup (don't expect that overly sweet bottled stuff here). 
Now although the sandwiches are quite enough on their own, no visit is complete without a small order of fries. Look, if you come into this shop and don't get the fries, you're really doing yourself a disservice. Make sure to arrive hungry and with friends!
If that wasn't enough, try out the young coconut water (in the coconut) with some rum poured over. Soooo much yum. Just do it. Don't look at me funny. Order all the things.  You can thank me later.The Doner Kebab is dank! It has a great spicy mustard kick. Their falafel is pretty solid as well. I'm a big fan of the salad (beware: it has a lot of beets). They deliver which is always a plus and are pretty timely to boot.Been here a few times because it's been raved about, but it just hasn't clicked for me. Got the lamb special and the meat was so grisly it was almost unchewable. Had a bunch of random toppings on it, seemingly to bury the protein. It was also way way overpriced, as in $13 and it comes alone. Have had the pork sandwich, it was tender but way underseasoned and honestly fairly boring. The chicken I found pretty good. Sliced rotisserie chicken thigh was well seasoned, nicely balanced homemade mustard and mayo, good all around. All sandwiches are served in the same bread, an excellent herbed roll. Falafel is also good but not the best around, the thickness of the homemade bread makes it a bit texturally one note and I think in this regard falafel will always fare better in a softer, thinner flatbread.
Then there are the fries. The lard fries are excellent, the vegan fries are excellent. Deep golden brown, crispy all over and tender inside. Everything comes with house made sauce and this is a good thing, although I tend to yearn for the standard Heinz.
In the end, great effort is put toward making things from scratch, but more should be directed toward doing proteins well and balancing the menu.Simple, no frills menu. Really good stuff! Between the two sandwich choices, I preferred the doner (chicken).  The Belgian fries with the aioli were spot on, and fried to crispy perfection. Reasonably priced (I hope this stays that way).  Check em out!Delicious and for my waistline dangerously close to my house!
Great for a quick lunch or a casual dinner with friends. Menu has both vegetarian and meat options plus some of the most delicious Belgian Fries I've ever stuffed my face with! 
The Gyro is my absolute favorite, it is jammed with savory local pasture raised pork, pickled cucumbers, cabbage and red onions. All placed inside a fresh baked bread and covered in the most mouthwatering tzatiki and skhug sauce EVER! Seriously, each bite of this sandwich will make you smile bigger and bigger. 
With the exception of the wonderfully crunchy and delicious Belgian Fries I've not tried the rest of the sides but I will be back form them. 
They don't have a bar but they do serve beer, wine and cider. 
Plus they have some sweet classic pinball machines in the back and the newly painted facade looks great!I'm not gonna lie, the food and service were a lot better when the place first opened, but that's saying something considering it's still some of the best food in New Orleans. I'm a stickler for good service (since I work in the industry myself), and it can suck sometimes here. But honestly it's so worth it this food is so f*cking good. 
Doner Kebab -- to die
FRIES -- OMG
AOILI -- YUM
Plus they'll deliver fresh coconut water in the dang coconut to ur house it's amazingI love finding places off the beaten path and then they turn out to be delicious!
I was in the mood for something of the Mediterranean variety, and Kebab had been on my list for a while, so I stopped in here while in the area. The setup is easy: order at the counter and wait for them to bring you your food. Everything on the menu sounded so amazing, but we decided to start with some Belgian fries and I got the portabello mushroom veggie sandwich.
The Belgian fries were great! I'm not sure what makes them different from regular old French fries, but they were salty and definitely a great start to the meal. Then out came my sandwich. Whoa! There's a lot to take in here. First of all, the sandwich is HUGE! It's packed to the brim with mushrooms, greens, beets, pickles, red onions and topped with feta, garlic and turmeric dressing. For $8.50, this might be one of the best sandwich deals in town. The sandwich was full of flavor and the turmeric dressing added a nice little touch to it. I can't put my finger on it what the taste reminded me of, but it was great. I also liked that they were super generous with the feta. The juices from the whole thing soaked nicely into the bread, but the bread is such that it's integrity stayed in tact.
The menu is pretty limited, but if the rest of their offerings are anything like this portabello sandwich, then I will definitely be trying some of their other stuff. This is one of those places that makes me wish I lived in the neighborhood. I would love to drive down and grab one of these sandwiches for lunch or dinner on a regular basis.Good meat, I had the Gyro Kebab Sandwich, delicious bread, & divine sauces.. The Skhug is my favorite, a spicy cilantro purée.  Belgian fries and quite good, but I really enjoyed the beet fries, spiced just right w/ a little coarse salt.  The menu is simple and not everything is available yet, they just opened.  The drink offerings are limited, but they do offer wine service for a few bucks.  Great eats for takeout or just before going out for the evening. *edit* They are now open for lunch and are expanding hours soon.  The Doner Kebab has become my favorite along with the house salad and the hummus..! Adding that Sixth STAR!!This place is awesome! The fries are hands down amazing. The falafel is awesome hands down best I have had. delivery is super prompt; only downside is if you want a something not on an item you have to stress the fact.I am not a pork fan, but I tried the pork gyro and it was great. The meat was seasoned well and it was dressed well with cucumbers. I would definitely recommend this place.This is a breath of fresh air for the neighborhood this place is located. Surprisingly cheap for what I thought was a very good product!
Massive falafel sandwich for under 10$ keeps the trend of cheap bar food, but the quality of a specialty middle eastern deli. 
Interesting pinball area set up in conjunction with the restaurant. Multiple nostalgic machines set up side by side. I actually saw a sign promoting a pinball league, which I can imagine would be interesting. 
I can't speak to how the restaurant handles a large crowd, as it was early in the evening. There were several individuals picking up orders via postmates and waitr. Making me think people who can't get to the location, or are too lazy to drive to that part of town, really enjoy the food! Based on the price and the appearance of the shop, it is set up to accommodate the post bar crowd.OMG the lard fries! They are everything! I mean I enjoyed my doner but man, the fries were absolutely the best part of the meal. I am drooling just thinking about them.I visited New Orleans for a week, and the coconut habanero sauce is the one thing I'm still thinking about from my visit. It's insane. If anyone can get me the recipe, I'll be forever in your debt. Currently experimenting at home to figure out how I might make something 1/10 as delicious as that sauce.
The rest of the food was great, too, and the people were friendly and there's pinball, but DAMN that sauce is insanely good.This place was tasty surprise when I was down in New Orleans. I think that the women who served us name is Trish, she was great. Nice feel overall, very delicious food.The sandwiches are HUGE with a french influence. Portions are amazing. Super fresh, super high quality.
Order the gyro and the hummus plate and then revel in your satisfaction.Don't let the bars on the doors detour you from stopping in. We had the gyro, falafel and the French fries. Great food, great sauces and  very reasonable prices.  Love the art for sale on the walls. Super chill staff, great placeBest falafel sandwich I've ever had. Customer service also cordial. The baklava was homemade, but had been in the oven a little too long and I'd appreciate a few more veggie options, but those are my only complaints.Yum! Yum! Hungover and ordered in,  the staff was friendly and funny on the phone and in person. Food was delightful. Yes, thicker bread, a tad unconventional aspects, but the flavor was heaven and it's quickly becoming a go to in my neighborhood for me.This is a rave review of the falafel sandwich I just barely finished eating.
Ovearll, embrace the small menu. It's focused for a good reason: this food is as scratch-made as it can get, and to the highest quality standards.  No need to make more options, as these are clearly the items that the team at Kebab thought they could do best, and well, without compromising.
Bread: As a baker, I was impressed to see the bags of superior flour (not the commercial stuff you will see even in this town's good and respected bakeries) that goes through what I was told is a 24-hour bread making process to make a chewy but not hard or dense bread.  It's moist, light, and still very chewy.  This is good stuff.  
Fillings: On my way to finding the falafel in my sandwich, I encountered a mountain of vegetables: beets, arugula, etc.  All in balance and flavorfully prepared with great tzatziki sauce.  Perhaps a little hard to eat without making a mess, but not a problem.
Condiments: I ordered some special sauces just because it seemed like the right idea.  If that much of the small menu was devoted to housemade sauces, one should try a few, I figured.  This was a good move.  I just drank the housemade ketchup that never landed on the sandwich, and the skhug is something many people probably need to learn about by ordering it here--herbal, a little sweet, something different.  The hot sauce I was offered was not anything I'd seen before--maybe has some provenance somewhere.  It's creamy (coconutty, maybe) and the heat is a late-onset, pleasant burn.
I ordered to-go but there is a lot of seating.  Very casual, you can see the kitchen work going on, but plenty of tables and booths (and pinball machines).  There's a good beer/drink fridge and housemade soda and teas.Went there on a first date after seeing a performance at the Allways Lounge. Oh! My! Word! We were greeted by a lovely gentleman who patiently waited for us to decide on what to order. We both ordered Gyro Kebabs and also a side order of falafel. Everything was fresh, delectable, and beyond delicious. The atmosphere was suitable for our conversations and enjoyment of our fooding. We also played on the pinball machines. Overall we both recommend Kebab highly.Mindbending falafel, world's best fries, and more than likely the best gyro sandwich you'll ever have. Thank you Kebab, I love you.Great lamb special.  Pork gyro was average in my opinion but I am comparing to GreeceThis is the best drunk meal I've eaten in ages. Had the gyro kebab and the döner kebab with the Belgian fries and they were all so good that it changed my entire worldview for the better. Will have to try this restaurant when I'm not three sheets to the wind. But currently eating leftovers while drunk again the next day and must say ... top notch. Go here. Play arcade games. Eat tasty stuff. Know joy again!Last night I ordered delivery from Kebab for myself and a friend who was coming over for dinner.  I know I only live a few blocks away, but they food got to my house in lightning speed. It was *maybe* 20 minutes, and was fresh & hot. I was shocked when she showed up so soon on the bike. And she was super sweet even though you could tell she was a few hours into and a few hours away from the end of a very hectic day. 
{Side Note: 
Tip your delivery person, people! And tip them in cash, not on a card where they tax all of it away.   It's hot as hell out there, and occasionally it doesn't feel 100%  safe. It's not not easy bringing people's food to them on a bike.  There are so few people who deliver to St. Roch or anything above St. Claude;  encourage it!}
Okay back to food: 
First, let's address the fries. 
OMG the fries. I don't even really like fries as a general rule. I eschew carbs for dietary reasons, but I couldn't help myself from nicking one before my friend showed up, when they were still hot & crispy. 
Holy Sh*t.   
I had to make myself stop. They were thick but not too thick, well done but not too well done, crisp but not hard, soft in the center but not too starchy: a golden, perfect, thin, crisp crust around cloudy sticks of potato-ey goodness. 
Again, I don't really like fries that much. To me, they're sort of a "meh" food. If I'm served them I'll try one or two for the sauce, but I generally am non-plussed. 
I took a picture of the tray when it was opened, so I had some proof of how much came with the order, to shame me into not eating them all before my friend got there.  Luckily the friend  arrived very soon after the food did, and we agreed to share fries & salad.  I wouldn't even leave the fries for long enough to go to the kitchen and get utensils for the salad & kebab meat. I live in a 600 sq foot shotgun. The kitchen isn't far. 
So after we demolished the fries (totally giving each other the hairy eye about the last few), I got us some utensils to try the rest of the food. 
It was all pretty great. 
The pork gyro had a lot of flavor; you could taste the fresh spices. It wasn't like lamb gyro, and the flavor wasn't like traditional gyro meat, but it had a nice flavor to it that went perfectly with the sauces they included. 
I liked the doner kebab as well. It was a tiny bit on the dry side, but the sauces made everything great. 
I don't do bread, so I got both sandwiches without, essentially as a plate without being a plate. I got my friend the side of fries and I got a side of the house salad with the beets et al. It was stupid good.  And both entrees came with thin, thin, dill pickles that tasted home made. They were so good. 
Sauces: 
 The stuff that came with the fries was great. It was a very garlicky mayo with a kick to it. 
The tsatsiki was good & you could tell it was fresh. 
I wasn't a big fan of the mustard at first, as it was a bit too vinegary, but then I used it as dressing on the salad and it rocked. 
The Skhug was my winner for the night, especially with the fries from heaven. It's not spicy, but it's so refreshing & herbaceous. It's like the stuff you get at Indian restaurants and it's delicious. 
All in all, it was affordable, quick, and delicious, and even on a hot Sunday night in August,  it was delivered to my door with a  smile.To be honest, I was surprised how much I liked Kebab. I got the chicken sandwich because it seemed like the popular thing to get. It was delicious! The bread is undoubtedly the highlight of this sandwich; it's soft, fluffy and chewy all at the same time. The chicken was also tender and the sauces on top weren't over-powering. The sandwich is huge and I was full after eating half the sandwich, but it was so good that I couldn't stop myself. The only thing that would make Kebab even better is if their fries were better. I actually wished that they were more salty, believe it or not! The ketchups were good, but not particularly memorable. The restaurant is actually bigger and nicer inside than the outside suggests. Street parking on St. Claude was pretty easy to find, even on a Friday night at dinnertime. Prices are reasonable, too!Okay, it's been awhile and we've eaten here several times since my first review. Kebab's been open a spell so I figured I'd update. The pork gyro is still very tasty but VERY inconsistent, sizewise. I think the meat has great flavor on it's own without two sauces so I'll be dropping the green one in the future. They don't seem to serve platters anymore, which is seriously weird but whatever. I gave the side salad and the falafel sandwich a go and was pretty happy with both. Honestly, though, there's a lot of ingredient repetition: the side salad (beets and all) basically IS the falafel sandwich garnish so save your money. Don't order
both in the same meal. The real shocker was the hummus. It's is catastrophically bad. I was so, so surprised given the flavorful pork, bread, falafel and salad that the hummus tasted like...well...spackle. Zero flavor. Zero salt. Zero lemon. Zero tahini. What I got was a schmear of chalky beige paste with a wealth of sliced cucumbers and whole olives covered in what I'm pretty sure was dry oregano. Hugely disappointing - all four of us were baffled by it. A blob of Sabra would have been infinitely preferable. Work on it, please. It's wretched.Dear Kebab,
Now that we've been out together three times, I have to tell you the truth. I really like you. I mean, I like-like you. It could have been the falafel--so perfectly moist, fried to perfection--or it could have been the Belgian fries, which you make vegan for fools like me who don't eat duck fat. 
I think it was the feta and garlic pillows that got me. Those piping hot little pockets of gooey feta and oily bread were what made me fall deeply in love with you. 
But really, Kebab, it's your service I love the most. Tonight on our third date, I asked for those feta pockets and learned, GASP!, they're temporarily off the menu while the recipe gets tweaked. (Pah! Unnecessary!) I made a sad face, ordered something else, gave the guy at the counter a bit of a jokey hard time, and chowed down.
And then Counter Guy reappeared with two blazing hot, fresh feta and garlic pillows, and put them on the table in front of me with nary a word. Just a smile. For free. 
WHAT A CHAMPION. Kebab, you better put a ring on that man before I do.
Love,
LiannaThis is completely and totally delicious and amazing if you're able to forget you've ever had doner kebab in Europe. Treated as a delicious sandwich with chicken thigh, mustard and slaw- it's got it going on. It loses a star for claiming to be the real deal- this Dutch girl just says no. 
The fries are on point with a legit curry ketchup to boot. 
Get the spritzer- house made soda with tangerine was the special when I went 
I'll go back when I want a delicious sandwich, but leave the doner out of this.Really good! Small menu but everything I tried was tasty! The kebab's are so loaded mine fell apart! The sauce is to die forKebab's homemade bread is DELICIOUS and totally "makes" the sandwich!  The falafels were super tasty, too.  The fries were OK (maybe a little overcooked for my taste) but I would try them again (they weren't terrible!).  I wasn't a fan of the vegan aioli but I look forward to trying another one of their dipping sauces. I felt like their prices were super reasonable as well.  I can't wait to go back!This is aint your normal gyro joint. Kebab features delicious homemade bread, excellent sauces, fries and other items on the specials board. I have been twice so far. The gyro is made of pork which is a big change for me but it still is very tasty and more moist than your typical lamb and beef blend. The hummus is chunky but has a little different flavor than I am used to also. Overall if your hungry in the Bywater this is another great option. Plus they are open late night and they accept credit cards. P.S. If you check in with Yelp you get a free mint tea to go with your meal.Can't think of a better place to get cheap sandwiches and delicious French fries! Cool atmosphere, great food totally worth a visit. and they deliver... worth a visit to the marigny just for this place. HIGHLY recommendedThese are my favorite gyros in the city so far!!!  Amazing flavor and I believe the "bread" is fresh.Went back yesterday and got the pork kebab minus the bread and it was awesome! So delicious! They also had a lamb kebab special that I want to go back and try soon but I saw it after I ordered. I also had some Belgium fries with the garlic aioli - amaze! AND  I decided to try the coconut beverage which was fabulous, sweet and refreshing. And there's a whole ritual to opening it which I thoroughly enjoyed. 
I still love this place and like I said in my last review, have only been a bit disappointed in the hummus, which I remedied by adding taziki when I got home. I'll continue to explore the menu which whole minimal is still a delight!Oh my gosh, kebab was so tasty. I had the falafel which came on a ciabatta style-ish bread and was served with so much yummy stuff inside, including beets!!!! I was so happy. Plus we got the marinated Greek olives which were a good amount and so lovely. The service was great too. All around very happy. I am visiting from Portland oregon, and this was the best thing I had for the price. I'm used to cheap options where I come from and this reminded me of home. On my trip I ate out 3 plus times a day, and this was one of two of the most satisfying of the places I ate while here! Thanks kebab :)Best portobello mushroom sandwich I've ever eaten anywhere!! The fries with homemade ketchup and garlic aioli are also ridiculously good!Don't judge by its drab exterior! Walk into the hip and clean interior with a pinball arcade, funky music and fantastic food. The falafel was unlike any I have ever had. GIANORMIOUS sammich on super good bread, dressed with lots of sauce and interesting beets and more. The fries are a must too (homemade ketchup)! They also have an interesting beer selection which I'll have to check out next time. I think next time I will ask them to go a little lighter on the sauce... although it was good I am not a heavy sauce guy. Do check out the aquarium theme bathroom while you are there...pretty creative I must say!
Come...eat...and leave happy and full! SO GOOD!Delicious! Great falafel and their bread is amazing. Nice to have a good vegan option!Seems a lot of these bywater/marigny restaurants have the same style of ordering. Much like Arabella (neighbors across the street) this spot is pay at the counter first, then food is brought to you. I've heard rave things about Kebab and it's been in my bookmarks seemingly forever. Off the whim of a ridiculous decision to leave dinner from Arabella, we immediately decided to walk across the street to Kebab for a double-up.
Of course the meal wasn't eaten until much later. We pulled the double header because a guest was in town, and being i live in Mid City, there was no telling when i would be back in these parts to give this place a try. Something that could have easily gone several months before doing, so we did the gluttonous thing and, well, you know.
I ordered a gyro sandwich which was a nice size. I read another Yelp review of someone saying there was not enough lamb in the wrap but i had no issue there. Perhaps they got their act together since, because mine was loaded with gyro. I even ate mine cold and it was delicious! I could only imagine how baller it is fresh and hot. I also got a piece of baklava just for the sake of it. I will say, it's no Mona's baklava so i doubt i'll be going to Kebab for that. It wasn't bad, it's just not that good ol' Mediterranean baklava i'm used to.
It was nice to knock Kebab off my list, i'll certainly stop in for a try of more offerings.Adorable quick and tasty place for sandwiches and salads made with pork or chicken gyro (using locally sourced meats)! The food was hot, fresh, tasty and cooked to order. The staff were pleasantly enthusiastic about the food, and the place was clean. No sticky tables! Simple self-serve station for water, etc., but they do offer beer and wine as well. The sandwiches are pretty large and filling! The bread is home-baked and is amazing! You can smell all the aromatic cooking herbs when you walk in! And, it's so affordable!!! Can't wait to return!Bread bread bread bread is the best here and I always get the lemonade.  Love their sandwiches...  I generally get the gyro.  I just wish they were open more days of the week!Excellent food, and delicious sauces. Tried the alioli Spanish and the homemade Ketchup.I had really high hopes coming here after seeing so many great reviews, but unfortunately there was a little bit of a let down. I got the Doner Kebab with a side of falafel and my fiancé got the Gyro Kebab with a side of hummus. 
Despite all of the toppings and condiments, the problem was the chicken itself. It was petty bland. I tasted the gyro, and that one was much more flavorful. The best thing we ate was probably the falafel. They were really good and packed a flavor punch. If I make it back here, I would probably try the falafel sandwich. The hummus was kind of disappointing. It was really cold and served with hot bread. It tasted as though it was lacking something and the cold temperatures was off putting. 
The reason for losing the second star is that they were out of stuff. We checked in to get the free mint tea...no more mint tea. We read several reviews that mentioned the house made hot sauce....no more hot sauce. There also wasn't any sugar substitutes to use to sweeten the regular iced tea. 
In the end, I would eat here again, but probably wouldn't make a special trip to do so.My sister and I were looking for someplace to eat when we stumbled upon this place. I got a doner won the bun replaced with veggies as well as the beet soda water and my sister got the special of the day (can't remembered what it was called but it had portabella mushrooms on a bun). The prices are great, the food was delicious and the staff were so nice and helpful. I would definitely suggest coming here.Absolutely delicious, fresh, and satisfying. I had a gyro and a lamb and both were so good the taste lingered in my head for hours after. The gyro was tasty and nicely seasoned and the lamb was sliced thin and smokey. A generous amount of toppings on both sandwiches as well. Fresh baked bread and hummus was really good too. They're kind of light on beverage choices but sufficient enough since the food is excellent. It's definitely going on my list of regular food stops.Eh!  Not impressed by the Kebabs at all.  It was decent but nothing over the top.  Bread was kind of chewy and meat lacked flavor.  
The belgium style fries were on point.
The side salad with pickled beats was fantastic as well.
They had a white coconut sauce that was pretty damn good as well.
Can't give this place more than a 3 star rating because they have good sides and sauces.
Oh and the guy at the counter was pretty rude and the tables were dirty.  I expect that though going to that part of town so that doesn't change how I feel about the place.  
Mediocre...might go back if friends askI have literally been waiting months for Kebab to open - and it was totally worth the wait! We ordered the gyro kebab & a falafel plate with fries. The gyro was dressed with lightly pickled cucumbers & onions, a spicy cilantro sauce, and tzatziki. It was delicious, but the bread was over-floured -  once I scraped off the excess flour it was fine! The falafel were delicious and dressed with hummus and tzatiki. The fries were Belgian style so they were rather thick, which usually isn't my thing - but these were nicely salted, hot, and went really well with the garlicky mayo that came with them! 
I am SO SO SO happy that Kebab is finally open - I plan on revisiting often!Very good lunch here in St.Claude/St. Roch area.  Had falafel and lamb kabob sandwiches, and both were great!Kebab is kind of a mixed bag for me but one I ultimately like.  I should preface this by saying that I love a good doner kebab.  Particularly late night - I grew up with them and have fairly strong ideas about what they should be.  While the kebab version is an upscale version at a good price point it is not my favorite.  I find it overwhelmingly bread-y and overall it is satisfying but not something I crave.  I also wish they had a more traditional doner style lamb instead of the chicken and pork.  I'm sure that would be more expensive but worth it.  Falafel and fries are ok but nothing to write home about.  Their liquor license is a welcome addition - interesting focus on cider but I was all in when I found out they would put rum in a young coconut for me.Good middle eastern restaurant on St Claude. The fries were really good, the sandwiches were good, and the hummus and pita were fine. I love their sauces though! They are super flavorful and make everything much better! I got the donor
Kebab sandwich, which was good but the chicken was a little dry. My friend got the gyro kebab and said it was just okay. I just wasn't blown away by anything (except for the fries). The portions were good sized for the price. The staff was friendly. I can't decide what to feel about the atmosphere, it's a little too hipstery for my liking (but that's not surprising based on the location). I found myself comparing Kebab to 1000 figs (my favorite middle eastern restaurant) the whole time I was there, which left me feeling a little disappointed. However, for the price I will probably return! 
Food -- 3.5 stars
Price -- 4.5 stars 
Service -- 4 stars
Atmosphere -- 3.5 starsSo good! Just a heads up-the sandwiches are huge! We had the doner kebab. The meat was salty but it went well with the mild house made pickles and slaw. Hummus was good- a little mild. Bread was outstanding!Street Food?
Drunk Food?
Greek Food?
If you like any of these you will be pleasantly surprised by Kebab. They serve up some aggressively delicious grub.
Hip environment.
House made bread that will literally make you reconsider every life decision you've ever made.
Get the Pork.
I know, I know. 
Sounds weird.
Get it.
Thank me later.
Also, get all the sauces.
Including the house made coconut milk habanero hot sauce.
Sweet.
Spicy.
Sinful.
I could take a bath in that stuff.
I want to go have some drinks right now so I have an excuse to stuff my face.
All in all, an excellent addition to the hood.
They will deliver locally.
That makes me happy.Loved the sandwiches.   Did not care for the hummus.  They really need to rethink that and experiment with recipes.  It was thick and bland.  I would not order that item.   I would definitely go back for the pork sandwich again.   The bread is awesome too.   I'm curious to try the felafel.    The tadhziki sauce is untraditional, and not yogurty.  It's good though.  I would have preferred it more generously IN the sandwich rather than on top of the open part of the sandwich.I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 for one reason, it's a no frills place to get an excellent sandwich at a great price but it is still a little "too" rough around the edges for a full 5 stars. 
The food is excellent but realistically it's not the kind of place you really want to linger. The art is a nice touch, but the wall down the middle is weird. 
Back to the food, the chicken gyro was banging, and the falafel was very good, and Wendy loved the pork belly. I will definitely be visiting again when I'm on that side of town.I had high hopes coming to Kebab, after reading the great reviews! It wasn't bad, but it wasn't amazing. Some things were good and some were just okay. The table got: 2 Gyro sandwiches, 1 Donner sandwich, 2 Hummus sides and 1 Falafel side, 1 Lemonade and 2 Iced teas. 
The restaurant was out of the mint iced tea and their house sauce. They also don't have anything but simple syrup available to sweeten the tea. The bread is really good, as was the falafel- it was the best part of the meal. The Gyro sandwich was also pretty good. The Donner sandwich was just okay- the chicken was bland. What was my main issue was the hummus. It was ice cold (most places serve it at a more lukewarm temperature) and just not seasoned quite right. Maybe missing lemon?  It was not a bad meal by any means, just not the amazing experience I expected after reading the reviews. It was a decent meal and the prices aren't bad.Best falafel in town! I loved my sandwich (includes pickles, beets, cucumber, and hummus) and the fries were fantastic. The house-made ketchup was especially good - more like a vinegary marinara in the best way. I had the mint tea and recommend it - it comes unsweetened but simple syrup is provided for sweetening. Only knocked off one star because service was a bit slow for the small number of diners in the restaurant, and my dining companion felt his gyro meat was a bit dry. We'll be going back!Service is excellent. Bread is freshly baked. The French fries are some of the best in this part of town. Get your own. The coco habanero sauce can be eaten with a spoon, if you like heat. Not really middle eastern food though. Limited menu but that seems to mean that very thing tastes great. Perfect for when you are really hungry and don't know what you want.We love Kebab.  The Belgium fries are nothing short of awesome especially with the aioli sauce.  I always opt for the gyro kebab but they're all pretty delicious.  There are also fun games to play inside too.  Their late night hours make this place a top pick for meLove the felafel  and the Belgian fries.  Cheap and remarkably good food.  Place doesn't look impressive from the outside but don't let that dissuade you.  It's really a find.Before giving an overall synopsis, I'll go into specifics of each dish because I've now had a few of them:
Fries: thick cut, bacon fat fried, served with garlic mayo aioli. They were good - real good. Not amazing, but pretty damn good. Yeah I'd get them again.  I could appreciate the garlic but the aioli tasted more like garlic mayo rather than mayo aioli, if that makes sense? 
Hummus: much thicker than Mona's (my standard), hints of garlic and herb. Needed a little salt because it was decent and fresh-tasting, but kinda bland. I drizzled some of the lovely olive oil on it which enhanced some flavor, but it still needs salt. Maybe even just a pinch of sea salt would go a long way. 
Falafel Sandwich: I adore beets. A nice touch but it needs some tang and a little heat. It was tasty. The bread fell apart after a couple bites so it was messy. I'd still say Mona's wins here, but eating this sandwich felt like I was eating a healthy salad at the same time. Super fresh tasting for sure.... Just missing *something*. 
Gyro (pork): the meat is great. The cilantro crack sauce is great. The cucumbers are great. The bread is very very great. The tzaziki (I can't spell) is great.. But when you put it all together, each separate part tastes like it should be separate parts of a meal, not like one cohesive unit. It was messy as hell to eat. The ingredients are obviously very fresh and healthy, and the sandwich was noticeably prepared with love. But--- once again, overall it was kinda bland. 
So to sum it all up: 
The food tastes extremely fresh,
homemade, and lovingly prepared --- but every dish was lacking *something* in flavor to kick it up a notch from "fresh and tasty" to "fresh and delicious".  Perhaps it's just my taste buds are so used to processed food that they can't appreciate the finer nuances of these dishes. 
I will definitely try it again (and again) because I'm only 2 blocks away, but I have high hopes that the chef will rework a few recipes to make me want to eat here all the time instead of when I want something convenient to pick up on the way home from work. 
I recommend the rose/lemon soda. Strong flavor and very refreshing!Sandwich too small for 10 dollars. I read an article about this place and it focus on the flavor. The flavor was ok, standard at best. I had the Hero sandwich with pork, the pork was kind of dry and over cooked. Bread was good but definitely not worth the trip or the price. The only reason I didn't give it 2 stars is because my wife said it was okay but I really didn't like it. Update 1/31/16 went back because of the Groupon and sat in this time my sandwich was tasty my wife sandwich wasn't but definitely small for the price the french fries are great would definitely have the fries again.The food was pretty solid the first time. I had the Doner Kebab and the fries I enjoyed both. Last time I had the gyro kebab and the falafel sandwich. They were just average. The seasoning on the meat was not sufficient and the falafel was burned a little. Its a decent spot to go to, but I prefer more authentic middle eastern food such as Stella in Arabi. Still a good spot and Im willing to go again to try the other items.Delicoius, fresh, cheap, and exactly what you need when you've had all the fried junk you can stand. On a hot day, get a fresh juicy coconut, and wonder why you didn't think of it before now. 
Also fast bike delivery to areas normally unserved by other food delivery joints. The donor kebab and falafel combo are my favorite, and always hit the spot.this place rules. i don't know what else this good is open this late. i had gone with friends a few weeks ago but sat outside w my dog and didn't get anything (i had already eaten, idk, we don't need to talk about it). my friends came out elated having had a great time with the staff inside, so i don't think my awesome experience was isolated. i kept stealing my friend's young coconut drink. 
i was craving that yung coco (bottled coconut water tastes like spit, this stuff is heavenly), so i went back around 10pm one night with another friend and it was probably the best restaurant experience i've ever had. the staff was way friendlier than any restaurant staff should ever be at 10pm an hour before close. we mostly talked to tom (i think) and we couldn't stop getting into convos w him and when we were leaving he slipped us a treat in our leftovers bag but don't expect that because i think it's kind of our thing. but definitely expect everyone to be rly cool and nice and funny. 
ALSO THE FOOD IS SO GOOD???????? the sandwiches are served not on pita but on HOUSE BAKED focaccia. the hummus is almost too garlicky which is to say just enough and just how i like it. they also have a delightful selection of sauces that come w fries and sandwiches and a coconut habanero (i think) aioli (i think) in squeeze bottles. i liked the chicken better than the gyro which surprised me. it was just more tender and i liked the sauces more.Consistent and I've been 3 times. Quality materials and great fresh food. Nice vibe in the place too. A Great Lunch option!!! Also it's best fresh when they make it. Hot breads etc. I get it to go because I live pretty close but I def prefer it fresh made. Awesome nonetheless. I can't get into the $30 plus lunches that seem to be the norm in New Orleans these  so this is a nice meal for the price.I was really excited to try this place after hearing it opened a few months ago. I went with a large group and ordered a falafel sandwich, a gyro sandwich, and a large fry to split. We took a seat at the table with everyone else and the orders started being served to our table with nice-sized delicious sandwiches; however our order never arrived. I asked the cashier where it was and she said our ticket had been lost. Welp. I reordered the food and finally got a significantly smaller gyro sandwich (when I ordered a Falafel, TWICE!) than I saw earlier, while my buddy got straight up gypped on his. I should have taken a picture to show how laughable it was. The order of large fries was mostly the little bits and pieces from the bottom of the basket. My buddy was FURIOUS. He didn't want to deal with the disaffected wait staff again and instead just chalked it up to a bad meal. He's not coming back again. Too bad because it looked like people around us were enjoying their meal, but I have to knock it for consistency and not living up to the hype.Very unremarkable experience.  Overall good food, I had doner chicken kebab and tried gyro as well.  Both were good but on par with other restaurants in city.  No bottled water - guess that's the hipster way.  Prob won't be back unless I'm in the neighborhood and craving a kebab.  Chicken definitely more flavorful than gyro imoI dropped in today after my boyfriend saw this shop as he was driving down st. Claude one day. 
Its run by a bunch of hipsters but whatevs, no biggie. I ordered the squash sandwich special, boyfriend got a falafel sandwich and it came with fries with the purchase of a drink. 
Food took longer than expected but the people are nice. However, a couple notable food issues. 
1. Our bread was cold and we saw the cook take it out of a cooler apparently before serving it to us. Why give us a hot sandwich inside of cold bread? Couldn't you warm it up?
2. The squash sandwich was good but I thought that the squash would be cut into smaller pieces and fried for crispness, hence the name "fried squash sandwich." Instead it was big chunks of unfried squash so it was kinda hard to eat. 
3. Falafel was a bit bland, there needed to be salt and pepper on the table. You can tell it had been pre-fried and heated up to order.
4. The fries are indeed ON POINT and the habanero coconut and aoili sauces are fantastic. Get plenty of them!! 
The pickled beets and other fresh condiments in the sandwich were great. Biggest flaw preventing 4-5 stars would just be the overall lack of salt.
Overall we would definitely try again eventually, but I dont know if it would be particularly soon.Couldn't be better. Amazing falafel, yummy drinks and a bunch of pinball machines--oh, and an awesome staff!
I'm already planning my next visit.I got a kebab salad to go. The food was real tasty, but waiting for my food was a little...uncomfortable? The short white gal who took my order chatted with me about normal bougie boring things, whatever, but then every couple minutes she'd turn around and boss the cooks around, like they were children! Not a reason to never return, per se (OH YEAH AND THE SPICY COCONUT SAUCE EAT IT!) but definitely noteworthy--like yo, girl, check them social skills!1st time going to this place, walked a mile from my house. I ordered a Falafel and Fry to go, walked back home just to find out I got a gyro instead. The reason I am only giving it three stars is because I was really looking forward to a falafel. Other than that the people there are very nice and the service was fairly quick and I would have given it 5 stars if only I had my Falafel that I've been craving for weeks. So I recommend that you go here and eat but check your food before you leave this place!So I sat down to write a harsh review. I like Kebab but was really frustrated trying order by phone.  After being on hold, asking questions and placing my order, I was informed that the credit card machine wasn't working.  You can imagine m disappointment. So I mentioned to the young woman on the phone that if they were on a cash only basis, this is something you should tell someone up front before I wasted my time.  We hung up and I came here to leave my review and blast the customer service....but then...before I could even finish my  original post, SHE CALLED ME BACK!!!  They had the credit card machine working and she asked if I wanted to reinstate my order.  Being that the Doner Kebab never disapoints, I said Yes.  Way to go Kebab for going the extra step.Gyro kebab sandwich was delicious! Ohh the Hummus Dip was awesome as well! Just watch out for the chicken sandwich, honestly i cant remember the name, but it was soo spicy! It was delicious just too much seasoning!, i was still Very happy with my first visit.I have such a weakness for gyros. Gyro meat and tzatziki sauce are one of my favorite meals. Kebab is a great place for me to go when this craving strikes. The menu is short and sweet but it is all good. The little differences between a traditional gyro and the sandwich that they offer at Kebab make it something special. They serve pork instead of lamb, which I have to admit angered me at first, but it is super tasty! The bread that they use is like a delicious pillow. So soft and so tasty! The pickled onions on top provide that perfect punch and crisp element. Top that off with free refills on my mint iced tea and you have a customer for life, Kebab. The staff is friendly, you order at the counter and they'll get your food out to you when it is done. This is another great addition to the St. Claude corridor; one that I'm sure will become a regular stop before shows for me and my friends.Excellent doner kebabs! Quality meat and veggies used in a sandwich that will set you back less than $8 and leave your belly happier than it has ever been. Everything is fresh and house made. Bright and clean space with lovey staff. There is also a little pile of books to read by the window while you wait for your food and sip on your iced mint tea. Open Friday- Monday 
These are not your kebabs that you would expect to find at a Greek or Mediterranean place. This is a doner kebab. It's a bit more Eastern European and a little Turkish thrown in. Doner kebabs are the king of all sandwiches and were cornerstone of my diet while I lived in Germany; it is drunk food at its finest. I have not been able to find a proper one in the U.S. since moving back about 10years ago. Thanks to the spit-roasted meat gods; my prayers were finally answered. Kebab has the most beautifully roasted and seasoned chicken and pork to stuff their sandwiches. The meat is juicy and perfectly crisp on the edges from twirling around that spit for hours on end. The sauces for the sandwiches are amazing and go oh so well with the cabbage, pickled cucumber and red onions that the kebabs are dressed with. Oh and the french fries... My husband agrees with me that Kebab has the best fries  in city. The small order is splittable between two normal hungry people and the large is splittable between three famished 20 year olds (stepson and friends...)
But what is a doner kebab with out the bread? That IS the most important part, no? This is where other places have failed miserably and this is where Kebab excels. It is not quite the same type of round, pillowy bread used for my beloved German doner kebabs, however, Kebab's bread is much, much better. Their bread is the perfect home for all of the meat, veggies and sauce. It is a little airy, a little chewy, super flavorful, and definitely substantial enough to hold everything together without falling apart. They make their bread fresh all day long and I always buy a few extra rolls to take home with me which will set you back all of $0.99 each. 
TIPS: add feta to everything and throw on some of the homemade hot sauce that is over by the silverware. Order an extra side of garlic aioli, it is MOST delicious. Pass on the side of falafels and just get a bread basket with aioli. They do accept credit cards with a $0.50 extra charge. BYOB!An absolute must!  Best gyro I've ever had. The bread makes it go above and beyond. Seems like every other place does pita bread but this is a great change.I was first introduced to the doner kabab when I went to Germany for an extended vacation. Hands down the  best sandwich I've ever eaten. I was excited when this place opened because I wanted another greasy, messy doner kabab. I was expecting lamb on a flat bread, instead it was chicken (which can come on a traditional doner kabab) and it was on a thicker bread. The sandwich was just average. It was topped with pickled cucumbers, cabbage, and red onions, and garlic aioli sauce. I was expecting it to be a lot better! However, the French fries with aioli sauce is really good! I actually went back again and ordered the fries and aioli sauce!The foccocia bread is on point. The hummus was delicious. Also treat yo self to a young coconut and you'll be so satisfied.
Edit, I have since been back and was disappointed that the bread was not fresh this time.The falafel sandwich is out of this world. I order it every time. I wish this place had more vegan options on their menu bc I love it. Great for when you need something quick & cheap.Kebab is a great neighborhood sandwich spot that stays open late. You order at the counter where it is always a treat to have friendly service by happy people.
It is essentially a sandwich spot but their soups offered in the winter are amazing. 
The large sandwiches are served on homemade delicious bread baked in a pizza oven. Kebab offers many other homemade delicacies ... especially a great selection of luscious specialty sauces ... curry ketchup, coconut habanero hot sauce, cilantro, schug and tzatziki sauces plus a delicious garlic aioli served on the fries. There are other interesting choices such as lightly pickled cucumbers, onions, beets and more. I have frequently savored them all.
Of course gyro is usually the go to for middle eastern sandwiches, but their specialty is the chicken thigh döner kabob. Their falafel is excellent and I loved the charred edges of the sliced pork. 
Besides the menu, be sure to check out their board offering indulgences  like lamb or sausage specials or garlic feta puffs. Their meal deals with a side are about $10 and you do not want to miss their Belgium fries.
Even the selection of drinks is great with fresh coconuts that they crack open after you order them and they make spritzer - house made sodas like passion fruit or tangerine plus you can sometimes get ciders. With your yelp check in you get a free delicious mint iced tea and I like the fact that you can sweeten it with simple syrup.
It's fun being in Kebab! They have changing shows of interesting art created by locals and a joyful old time pinball machine arcade.
Enjoy ... The funtrepreneurMy last day in new Orleans and my body was upset with me for eating po boys and drinking daiquiris from Gene's everyday.  Decided it was time for something not deep fried and golden. Ordered a falafel and small salad. Its just what I needed. Fresh ingredients and lots of greenery. Hit the spot would come back in a heartbeat.Cool casual spot and good food. We ordered the falafel gyro and the lamp gyro - both very good. Hummus side was also very good. Wouldn't go out of my way to go back to, but it was definitely a good choice while in the neighborhood.Focus on a few dishes and master them almost guarantees success. If the owners are interested I think they have a multi-unit concept.I really enjoyed their take on Mediterranean.  I wish I had gotten the name of the girl who took my order on the phone. Such a sweetheart. Delivery was hot and fast, they made sure to call and say they were on the way beforehand, which I thoroughly appreciated. Pricing was very fair. This will definitely become one of my go tos for delivery.What a cool place with some bomb bomb deliciosa food. Warning: I do not think they actually have kebabs. That being said, the gyro and chicken sandwiches were both scrumtulescent. The falafel was near perfection as well- tender on the inside, crispy on the outside, and so flavorful. The standout was the Tzaziki sauce... I have never had a better one. They also had a few good craft beers. I have to say fully appreciated the wall of pinball machines; they were perfect for making the already pretty brief wait for the food seem even shorter and for working up a little sweat post meal. (I get really into pinball.)Pommes sind ok.
Leider wird hier kein Kebab serviert. Aber das Brot mit Fleisch ist geniessbar.
Schmeckt durchschnittlich gut.
Was $4 oder $5 kosten sollte gibts hier um $10. Was mir auch nicht so gefaellt
Es dauert sehr lange bis das Essen kommt auch wenn man der Einzige im Restaurant ist.
Und irgendwer hatte die Schnappsidee Kebab und Gyros im gleichen Restaurant anzubieten. Das waehre in anderen Staedten/Laendern keine gute Idee.
Ich were es in 3 Monaten wieder probieren. Vielleicht ist es dann Kebab, hat besser Oeffnungszeiten und dauert nicht so lange.
Danke fuer den Versuch!I wanted to give Kebab a month or two to work out any kinks plus avoid long waits due to Kickstarter backers cashing in on their sandwich rewards but I wanted a gyro so badly I couldn't hold out. We went at about 8:15 on Friday night and it was nice to see the place so busy! Menu's short and sweet, Pork and chicken sandwiches or platters, one special lamb sandwich and fries, hummus, falafel. Really, what more could you need? Got the pork and was not disappointed. Crisp yet soft, thin delicious bread, crunchy & tender pork, crunchy pickles and zesty condiments. The fries were hot and fresh and good, but thick which I didn't expect, and I suspect contributed to the long wait time so I'm in no rush to order them again. I loved my sandwich so much that I'm counting down the days till I can reasonably have one again (the waistband of my jeans does not want me to live on pork sandwiches, otherwise believe me, I would). Everything on the menu was very reasonably priced with the exception of the coconut, which was so expensive I laughed. 
So what didn't I like about Kebab? Why not five stars since I loved my sandwich SO VERY MUCH? For starters, the whole "There's a gallery on one side!"-thing is just so not something that St. Claude needs. Plenty of places to look at art on this avenue but not plenty of places for good eats, and there aren't enough seats in the joint so just put some SEATING on the other side so other customers aren't hovering over you waiting for you to leave while you're trying to enjoy your meal. At least encourage folks to line up on the gallery side so they can look at the stuff on the walls while they wait to place and order. There's no reason to have people line up on the dining-side. 
Secondly, the hours are just kind of ridiculous. I totally get that they want to serve late-night eats but 3-12 four days a week? Who eats at 3? If you're going to be a restaurant then be a restaurant and if you're going to serve mostly sandwiches, not being open for lunch is completely weird. People would be FLOCKING to this place during lunchtime hours. Hopefully this will change and but soon! Momma needs a lunch kebab!
Thirdly, please tell your order-taker and beverage cups-giver person to not touch the insides of the cups. That's counter service 101: handle cups from the bottoms, No one wants a stranger's thumbs and fingers all inside their cup as it's being handed to them. Saw that happen over and over and over and it's kinda gross. 
Kebab makes DAMN fine kebabs so I hope they realize that's what they should focus on in this space. Less art, more seats!I've had hundreds of falafels in my day;  this is the first one that didn't taste like the last.  Delicious combo'd with their beet fries or arugula salad.  Young coconuts served ice cold...terrific idea for drink and light, refreshing dessert.  Really nice people is a bonus.
Veggie tip: fries here are Belgian-style and fried in lard. Beet fries are veg-friendly.Amazing, inexpensive, locally-owned food. Fries are not to be missed and the traditional kebabs aren't either. Really enjoyed the french cider and coconut drinks as well.I love Kebab.  First, their fries are fantastic. Second, their bathrooms are great and are beach themed in a way where you can tell someone was like "You know, it's funny how much of the time bathrooms are beach themed for some reason. I'm going to take this to the limit." I love that. Most importantly, however, this is the only place in town with multiple pinball machines in good working condition. That's huge. As of the time of this writing, the machines are: Gilligan's Island, Fish Tales (this one plays weirder than the other ones in the world to and I'm not sure why), Whitewater (Yes), Rollergames (ew), Jack to Open, and Party Zone or something, party time? I don't now. The point is you can play Whitewater and Fish Tales and get a sandwich? Come on. COME ON.
I'm an Arab so I'm a snob about middle eastern food, and this isn't my favorite but I don't care.We liked the pin ball machines, the prices were reasonable, the service was fast and friendly for a dive place. We had the donar kebab and gyro kebab. The bread was fantastic, the sauces worked well together, and the fries were nice and thick and crispy. However, the meat was under seasoned and dry. Very dry. The sauces helped hide it, but it was dried, Unflavored meat. Maybe with a fresh gyro it should have been better.Heaven on bread. (But the bread is heaven too. It's fresh and light, but holds the hefty deliciousness of the sandwiches like a champ.)
I have dreams about their fries and their sauces, especially the schug. The chicken sandwich or salad with chicken or pork is my go to, but everything is Incredible. Their specials especially, are awesome, and usually involve lamb. And the baklava when I had it was really lovely- not too sweet. 
Everything is made in house, even the ketchup. And they use sustainable/local/happy meats and veggies. It is the freshest fastest food in town. Plus it's beaucoup light on the pocket book. 
Oh! They have booze now as well! Beer, wine, and spirits that they mix with a homemade soda or fresh coconut juice (in the coconut). Get it!!I'm adding another review here with an additional star because I've now had Kebab 4-5 times and here's what I've got to say: 
1. Their sausage special is out of this world. It should be a menu staple. Foodgasmic.
2. Gyro etc still feels like a deconstruction - each part tastes fantastic but the parts don't feel like a cohesive unit in my mouth --- (that's what she said?)--- if that makes any sense at all (probably not). 
3. Planning a quick pick-up is a bad idea. Their food takes a little time to prepare, but it's a good thing --- you know it's fresh and delicious. 
Anyway... I'm glad they're in the hood, and you should probably eat here if you haven't yet.I've had to limit myself to eating here just once a week ;) It's a favorite amongst locals for a reason.  The Doner is positively scrumptious! Top that off with some Belgian fries and house made sauces.  If you're looking for a lighter fare grab your favorite sandwich as a salad! Don't forgot to crack open a fresh coconut while you're there ;)Got this delivered. It held up well. Falafel was fresh and excellent. Doner was not quite as good but still pretty decent. 
The bread of the sandwich was amazing.Great place to stop on St Claude. They really send it with their Doner and Gyro. Fries are money. Staff is hip and friendly. The atmosphere is lively with pinball machines to keep you entertained while you wait for the food to come out. Open late'ish if in neighborhood catching music at Hi Ho or Siberia. Check it outI have dreams about the falafel sandwich. Pro tip: add feta! Their mint tea is caffeinated and should not be missed. Also, endless refills.The sign went up, and we waited, eagerly, for them to open. Oh, how we waited.
Come the glorious day, we were not disappointed. Their spin on the gyro, done with savory bread and picked veggies, is worth the trip alone. Add in the fact that they, unlike must who attempt it, make extremely good falafel (moist, seasoned, and not at all like the charcoal pucks you sometimes end up with in the address), asking with rotating specials (LAMB!), and it's a solid outing that's swiftly becoming a staple in my house.After hearing about this place for a while I finally ended up in St. Roch and got to try it. The place is unassuming, if not borderline seedy looking from the street. Bars on the windows, the whole nine yards.
Upon entering we were greeted with yummy smells, about a dozen tables and a row of pinball machines. The walls were decorated with different pieces by local artists. 
We walked up to the counter where it looked like a senior employee was training a newbie. We waited for him to finish and greet us. Then we waited. And then we waited a little more. Oh! Eye contact. Nope. Waited a little longer. The menu is really small and I was starving so I already knew what I wanted to order and I was pretty ticked off that they both just stood there and ignored us.
Finally we ordered two of the pork kebabs. We got water glasses, took our number and picked a table. As soon as we sat down I decided I wanted some of the Belgian fries. I ran up and ordered those. Our kebabs came out a few minutes later. The fries didn't. 
The kebabs come out as more of a sandwich, not on a pita which is what I was expecting. The bread is insanely delicious. Tastes like french bread and pita had a delicious little fresh baked baby. The pork wasn't exactly tender but so, so flavorful and good. We slammed into our kebab and continued to wait for the fries. I finally walked up to the counter and asked where our fries were and it had just been a simple mistake. The guy who brought them to our table was super apologetic. No biggie. I had read a lot about the oh-so-incredible coconut haberno dipping sauce. We tried it on the fries and it wasn't a big hit.The fries were big and yummy. Crisp thick slices (you have the option to choose to have them fried vegan or in pork fat) that tasted best dipped in tzatziki and just needed a pinch of salt.
They have homemade ginger cocktails for $6 and it looked like a cool beer selection and apparently they now have wine.
Definitely a good spot to go if you're in the St. Roch area. They deliver locally and are open pretty late. Get extra tzatziki on your kebab, get the large fry and don't forget to bus your table when you leave.I'm obsessed with the falafel sandwich. Beware, it's super garlicky! Not a big fan of their portobello. I got it once when they were out of the falafel. Seriously just get the falafel.Love Kebabs, Been going since it opened and I take old and new friends there. Ive had everything on the menu and enjoyed it all. Love the freshness and flavors. New Orleans has So many amazing places to eat and I love trying new places, but often I try a place and while I Really enjoy it I dont return.  Kebabs is a favorite that I return to again and again. Its  A combination of great food and flavors, Very affordable, in a fun funky casual joint, and Lester of course... :)I'm obsessed with it.
Bacon fat french fries, locally raised meat, wifi, hotties and freaks all around. It's very inexpensive and casual for the quality of food. They have their liquor license now! 
My criteria for going out to eat: consciously procured ingredients, cheapish, and something I can't easily make at home. Kebab is one of very few places in the city that combines all three. Looovvvvee!Kebab had me at the house made ketchup, then we got our sandwiches and realized the bread was made in house, too. Then we saw all the ciders available (more than the online menu) and then we realized ours would be $1 off because of the late night happy hour. And then the cashier taking our order was a bundle of joy in a way that only a grown man can be such a thing. Then the fries. Those crispy, perfect brown, not too salty Belgian babies. Drool. The music was great. Even the temperature was ideal. The prices were perfectly reasonable. Yes, Kebab, yes. 
Note:
Yelp says they close at 11 pm on Saturday but they're actually open until midnight.Pretty good sandwiches.  We tried the Donner and Gyro plus an order of fries.  The fries with both garlic aioli and a red pepper? sauce were great.  The sandwiches were also good and served on a nice almost flatbread like herb sandwich bread.The food is extremely good.  The garlic mayo for the fries and the house made catsup are both exceptional.  The house made bread / pita are the icing on the cake. Loved the music! The atmosphere is the most  casual hipster scene I've ever experienced and that's saying a lot since I live in Bywater. I will without a doubt go back many times but will have to rethink my clothing choices so I don't stand out like a sore thumb.Usually this place has some great sandwiches, but occasionally they can disappoint. Both the vegetarian and meat options are great! Give it a try.This was one of our favorite restaurants our entire New Orleans trip. We ate here at least three times in the week and a half we were in town. The falafel was AMAZING, the mushroom sandwich was AMAZING, their fries (vegan + regular) were amazing. This is an excellent choice if you're vegan or vegetarian. So affordable too. I can't wait to return someday.Fantastic fries, huge portions, reasonable prices. The hummus isn't traditional but the bread it's served with makes up for any shortcomings. The doner kebab is the best  choice. They occasionally have a lamb special!Love this place! Delicious, affordable and love the vibe. Remember to ask for the dynamite coconut habenero sauce. One of my favorite spots in townPretty good food.  Pleasant atmosphere in restaurant.  Reasonably authentic, plus bonus points for an innovative sandwich on St. patty's day (corned beef and cabbage sandwich). My partner got a pork gyro; again, good.  Average prices.  32$ for two sandwiches and two drinks (non-alcoholic) isn't bad, but isn't a steal either.  Recommended if you're in the mood for Greek or maybe a fun twist on the standards.  Pictured here are the two sandwiches; mine came with French fries, which I thought would be on the side... but were actually on the sandwich.  Odd, but good.I was VERY impressed with this place I tried based solely on Yelp comments.  Aside from looking like a Venezuelan prison from the exterior as the burglar bars were wide enough to fit body parts through yet colored brightly yellow to match a Caribbean island or the neighborhood in general.
Nobody holds up the line because there's only a few items on the menu. (like 2-3). I got the chicken gyro? With a large side of Belgian fries that were sort of like pirogies.  Much larger than fries, crispy in the outside, and soft on the inside.  It takes much attention to CREATE food like that.
Combine it with a real southern mint tea and it was fantastic.  I'm not sure exactly what type of food it was (aside from Belgian) but the interior was incredible, the chefs were very specific and knew how to cook very specific and very good.
When you sit back and just watch, you can see how a place like this with it's generally eclectic attitude is the epitome of Bywater.  I would highly suggest this place to anyone looking for something fresh and new (to them).Doner kebab sounded great as we passed by this place so we U-turned and went in. It's a rather casual spot and doesn't really fit into that traditional profile, if you will. The thing is - the doner kebab was one of the best I've had in the states. Hands down absolutely fantastic. In fact, we decided to come back a second time and it was at least equally as good, if not better. What a gem of a place!Hooray doner kebabs! Finally, the drunk food that got me through my semester abroad in college can get me through life in general in New Orleans.
Here's a few things to note about the doner/kebab sandwiches at Kebab that might differ from what you know of their European cousins:
- bread is made in house. It's delicious! It's a great texture and flavor and everything about it is addicting. But it's certainly not what you're used to.
- Options are greater and a better quality than, oh say, a Turkish doner stand open until 4 am in a dirty alley in Amsterdam. This is a good thing, generally speaking, but if you're looking to scratch the itch for the thing you once knew, you won't necessarily find it here. I think you'll agree that the stepped-up a notch doners are juuuuuust fine. Think of it as the Killer Po'Boy to your memories of gas station versions.
However, just like your favorite hole in the wall in Berlin, Kebab doesn't have fully functional AC and is cash only. Just keep that in mind next time you're trekking down St. Claude. By all means, go visit them! It's something new and fun and I'm so glad they're here.It's realllllllly good! The kebabs are massive, could probably be split between two people but I prefer to eat the other half of mine the next day. The fries are pretty damn good too. Food came quick! Overall, no complaints- we will definitely be coming back.... (Weekly) ;)Gyro and chicken were so bomb. There were vintage pin ball machines and you can order boxes wine by the carafe. Definitely will go back.It's all about the fries with the aioli! Always great food and friendly staff! And they have my fav cider (only place in the city I've seen it).Good quality.  Generous portion. Cool atmosphere.  Bring a few quarters. Chicken - Doner plate was great.I love this place and if they had better hours (they're only open Friday thru Monday) Id eat here two or three times a week. This place is a fresh take on the gyro shack and the Belgian fries are the better than nearly anything else in the hood Plus you can order several speciality house made sauces for dipping in addition to the fries I always get the Doner Kebob w chicken it comes in homemade bread w gorgeous spicy sauces is that horseradish I don't know but I'm addicted plus they deliver and the boys & girls working there all seem to live their boss & jobs never had a bad experience!!! Great job Kebab love you guys!!!!!I went in to this establishment, has a cool vibe but the blonde manager or what ever she is has to learn to chill, saw her being rude to customers and her employees, needless to say when she asked what i would like, my honest answer would have been an attitude adjustment. My food came out (i ordered a falafel sandwich)  one of the cooks, a really nice guy (who the manager lady was yelling at) brought me my food, it was delicious. But she couldn't stop her self, she ruined the chill atmosphere, i took my sandwitch to go as she berated the rest of her staff, in short fire this person and the place would be near perfect.Everything here is so good! The people are super nice and helpful. The specials sound great but I always have one of the amazing sandwiches! The bread is so flavorful and so fresh! The fries are fantastic and the hummus is great as well. All the sauces are awesome!Great neighborhood place. Interesting food and specials, local artists display their work on the walls, staff is very helpful in explain the menu. This area is one of the redeveloping neighborhoods in New Orleans. You may want to park in a high traffic area if you are visiting after dark.BLUF:  Average food but cool hipster/dive atmosphere.
Been wanting to go here for a while.  Finally went on a Saturday at 7pm but plenty of places to sit.  Order at the counter.  Staff was very hispter and def made some wise cracks at me (I am not a hipster).  Thats okay.  They were very nice though.
Limited menu; gyro, chicken, falafel, fries.  I got the hero and my wife (this is actually my very first review as a married man as this was our first meal out as a married couple) got the chicken.  Both were good but not amazing.  They come on bread and not pita which is a nice spin.  We split the fries which were great.  I got a beer which their selection was limited but not standard beers so that was good and she got a homemade soda drink with gin which was pretty good.  Prices are great and they are large portions.  
The place is fun and interesting.  Very very hipster.  I am not a hipster so I was the one who stood out but it made it fun.  The food is definitely good but not as good as any other Mediterranean style restaurant in town.  I would go back in a heartbeat if I was in the area but I wouldn't make special trip.
Fun, relaxing, easy but not a cullinary excitement.Delicious and fresh ingredients served in a quiet atmosphere and a warm setting. You'll come for the Belgian fries, but stay for the old-school arcade games.Super happy this spot is close by, I have loved everything I've gotten here at kebab. I now eat here no less than once a week for lunch. Most of the time I get the Doner platter. Yes, platter! They have falafel sandwiches, gyro sandwiches, and doner sandwiches (chicken) but you can get any of them on a platter for just a couple bucks more!!! It comes with so much more stuff, awesome sauces, a side of their awesome bread, beets, greens, hummus, cous cous salad, cucumbers, onions, chicken, shredded cabbage, it's enough for me to take home and split up meals! I'll keep coming back because their staff is super friendly and the food is always great. Don't do what I did and roll over on a Tuesday... they're CLOSED! But they are open on Mondays which is really cool because a lot of lunch spots are not open on Monday so it is a good go-to, and makes me feel a little better about eating something healthier than a lot of other options out there, especially after a weekend of being simply awful to my body etc etc... keep it up Kebab!They aren't open to their posted times so call ahead. Doubtful the owners know cause they turned down 8 people (three groups) an hour before closing. 
Food is good, being honest, but that's a pretty sad way to handle their open hours.The food is creative and so, so delicious. The pickled lemon seasoning is  a phenomenal addition to everything! I rarely eat fries but these were without a doubt the best fries I have ever had. Their homemade ketchup has ruined other ketchups for me. Lots of fabulous vegan options, crisp fresh salads and falafel that is so flavorful it doesn't even need any of really excellent sauces that are available, although I tried them all. The staff was attentive and friendly, establishment is clean and I really love their interpretation of some well known classics- will definitely make it a point to return!Kebab isn't like your typical Mediterranean spot, but it's still very good! I really love falafels, and Kebab has the best falafels that I've had in New Orleans. I had the falafel sandwich, which does not come in a wrap or with traditional pita bread, however, their bread is soooo soft and flavorful. The dressings were a nice compliment to the hot and (presumably) freshly made falafels. ALERT: the sandwich comes with beets on the inside and it is DELICIOSOS!!! I shall be coming back!
Note, the restaurant only has street parking, and it can be hard to find a parking spot nearby. Also, I contemplated ordering the fries but decided against it after seeing the serving size in the photos on yelp. If you're wondering like I was, Belgian fries mean fried three times...? At least that was what I was told when I asked.Finding a vegetable in this town can be tough. Kebab is my hideaway when I've gorged on one too many poboys (Parkway or Domilise's only) and need some home made bread, falafel, a green salad, and made from scratch condiments. 
Never a line, always friendly service, and pinball game machines while you wait. This is a great joint for good, low key food.This place is out of this world!  The food is tasty but just the tip of the iceburg.  The atmosphere is so unique, so are the people who work there and the patrons.  It was a bit different seeing the Kebab on the bread, but it is so delicious!  It was also our first Kebab in almost three years, as Hawaii does not have Kebabs.After hearing the name Kebab for over a year as an underwriter for NPR, it was a pleasure to finally visit it myself. The experience was lovely (hence the five stars) but, ah, not quite what I was expecting! 
It wasn't particularly, er, Kebaby. The "gyro" sandwich (which, again, was delicious) wasn't actually gyro? It was pork, I believe? Still really great, and perhaps the restaurant is just challenging my assumptions as to what constitutes "gyro" but I always thought it was a lamb and beef mixture. Although, whatdayaknow, I just googled it and apparently the lamb and beef mixture is more of an American phenomenon, and in the actual Mediterranean pork is commonly used! So perhaps this is actually *more* authentic than what I've traditionally been enjoying!
The homemade bread was also not what I was expecting -- I went into the restaurant expecting pita, and this was *not* that. I'm too lazy to google a second time to find out if pita is another american-ization of Mediterranean food and that I've been living *two* lies my whole life. Regardless of my expectations, the bread was very tasty and complimented my sandwich very well.
There was a third thing I wasn't expecting, but it was a surprise in the best possible way: the french fries (or "Belgian fries" as they called them, I believe) were to die for. Probably the best fries I've had in New Orleans. They were very thick, which usually translates to soggy, limp affairs. But these bad boys were "deep fried" in a way that ensured that every bite was sublimely crunchy. And the "fry bits" that accumulated on the bottom of the tray were veritable ambrosia.
There were also a lot of pinball machines, which was a fourth surprise! 
All in all, not what I was expecting, but quite a lovely night out all the same!This place is very eclectic and hipster style.  We have been about 5 times.  The gyro is very delicious, along with the fries.  Today I had the portobello feta special.  It was more like a beet sandwich full of beets and spinach with one tiny thin mushroom.  It was very disappointing.  My husband had the gyro and it was loaded with meat and tasted fabulous.  Previously I've had the pastrami special and it was excellent.I'd love to brag on Kebab, but I was disappointed in the overall service. I called in an order for delivery this evening and the female voice who took my order started out friendly. She took my order, then requested the other needed details to deliver my food: name, address, the street name intersecting with my address, phone number. She spit out the request so fast I didn't hear the last two on that list, and it was loud in the background. Long story short, she told me to hurry up and give her the info because she had a long line in front of her.
Hmmmmm. I feel special. 
She then got flustered when I requested the total for my order and an estimated delivery time. I didn't think my question should be that unexpected, but I digress....
My food arrived at my door quicker than the est. time given over the phone (35 minutes). That's always nice, but I knew it would because I live pretty freakin close. The delivery fellow (he had a monopoly man mustache) looked over the order ticket, front and back, twice, looking for a $ total so I could pay him. No such total on that ticket. Glad I asked when I placed the order. I handed him a 20 dollar bill to pay my $14.00 order. He took it and offered me no change. I asked him, "Do you have any change?". He looked puzzled as to why I would ask that. He said, "No, I don't". When he could tell I was annoyed by the look on my face, he offered to go to the nearby coffee shop to get change. I was over it by then and told him no thanks. 
Kebab, your food is good. For some reason I do agree with a previous Yelp review of your food. I always feel like something is "missing". The flavors are great, fresh, unique, but still incomplete. The exception to that is the fries. Those fries are crispy potato perfection and I love them with the aioli. 
In conclusion, I know this is a newer place. I understand the st. Claude setting and the type of crowd you're aiming to please (young, local, hipsters). I saw the website. 
I do not care about the "art gallery" taking up 1/2 of the dine-in area. I do not care that it was uncomfortably hot when I came to eat your food in your restaurant for the first time with my husband. I DO care that you made me feel like I was an inconvenience. Nobody, including the "I'm so cool because I don't bathe and hang out on st. Claude all day" crowd, is too good to be nice. It's a necessity in your industry. 
Also, if you offer delivery service, it's an understood that he/she has change. 
Two stars are for the fries only.I usually get the falafel which is DELICIOUS but tonight they had a portobello mushroom special and it was THE MOST DELICIOUS. I'm seriously considering going back and getting another even though I'm totally full. YOU'RE WELCOME!This place doesn't look like much from the outside but the food is packed with flavor and freshness.Unbelievable! Can't even call it a decent sandwich let alone a gyro. Imbarresest that they think they can. The WORST delivery I've had in a very long time! SadWhen Siberia was open down the street this was my first place to go to for a meal before drrinking. Everything is always so fresh and many healthy options. The falafel here is top notch especially the plate dinner. Served with veggies , hummus, but please be sure to ask for their homaide  habanero coconut hot sauce. Delicious food all around New Orleans treasureChristy was amazing! Food was so good and staff was very friendly, plus they deliver! All their sauces are housemade and everything is super fresh.The falafel might be the best I've ever had. Maybe because of the bread?  The sauce?  The fixins?  Dunno, but I crave it. And generous size, super filling.Yummy yum yummers! This city is not exactly known for excellence in falafel, but there are a few very notable exceptions, and Kebab is one of them. The falafel sandwich is stuffed full, and always tastes fresh. The sauce they put in there is garlicky and delicious. Just watch out for the beets - they're tasty, but they will absolutely stain your hands pink if you're not careful.
And the fries. So, I was apprehensive because they're known for their fries being fried in some kind of animal goop. And usually when that's the case, the vegetarian option is kind of an afterthought. But no! The veg. version of the fries is excellent - they're crunchy on the outside, pillowy on the inside...mmmm. The default if you order the veg. ones is to go vegan, but if you want, they'll give you aioli to go along with it. If you eat dairy/eggs, I'd highly recommend the aioli, as it's a perfect complement to the fries.
There's not really much in the way of decor, which is fine by me because I've only ever done take away. The weird nonchalance of the operation can be a bit bothersome, though. When I'm on my lunch break, I don't really want to wait until the counter guy is finished singing his aria so I can place my order. I get it, you're quirky hipster types. Food, please!Love it. 
Perfect addition to New Orleans
This neighborhood is hipster and deserves a Weirdo dive like this. 
Especially for Tulane crowd who needs an ethnic eat 
That's not so ethnic for imports from California houston or New YorkTook my family here before we headed to the Red Beans Parade and we really enjoyed it! Definitely over ordered-- the portions were huge. Staff was so nice and accommodating (even with my dad's order with "no this" and "no that"). The food was great with very fresh ingredients. The atmosphere was fun too, which the pinball machines!So the food is solid.
HOWEVER- and this is a big however as a lot of filming/ production companies come through this town - they are not really friendly with larger orders and super suck at getting people itemized receipts.
So, if you have a large party and you NEED the receipt for your work- don't go here. They're rude and slow about getting you the information you need and its more hassle than anything else.
Parties of one-two should be OK, though, supposing they can stomach all that hipster sass that constantly emanates from their employees.You see, that's where the trouble began.  That Gyro. That damn Gyro.
Also those fries...
I could eat here six times a week.My second time having Kebab was a big disappointment over the first. I'll start with the good: some of the best french fries that I have ever had in New Orleans. Outstanding. The sauces are good, and I like the mint tea. There's a very limited menu, which is fine, if the options being served are good.
The bad is that what I ate recently was not good. The bread was cold and flavorless. It's not quite pita, more of a ciabatta-like bread, and it wasn't good. And my kebab was filled with really gristly, chewy meat. Not enjoyable in the least. I've been spoiled recently by trips to Shaya and 1000 Figs and my visit to Kebab really left me wishing I was back at one of those places.
But I'd still go back for those fries.The Döner Kebab was unexpectedly good.  I expected basic.  What I got was a pleasant surprise, at a good price and portion.  I will definitely be back.  They make their bread in house, and you can taste the difference.I think this is one of those "hype" things simply from being in this transitional neighborhood.  People who raved to me about how delicious and authentic this food is- really begs the question "where exactly have you traveled/ had kebab?"  
Due to the location, price point, and limited selection, I had expectations of something comparable to "street meat" in cities like NYC or London.  It was far below average.  Worse than even the lowest quality/ cheapest meats I have tried in mentioned cities.
We had one Gyro and one Chicken.  Both plates were about 85% cabbage/veggies & loaded with their very mediocre sauces (Tzatziki and aoli) and the smallest amount of meat.  The meat that actually was there, was super dry & overcooked (I suspected microwaved) OR several pieces of gristle.  We had to go down the street to a drugstore to get water because this place does not have water.
I see lots of favorable reviews, so maybe it was an off day.  I will consider trying it again if I am in the neighborhood.So - I read every single review below mine before I ordered take out from Kebab this afternoon and I STILL GOT PLAYED! I read about the great fries - so I ordered those. I heard about the chicken being a lil' dry so I swerved and ordered the pork. I heard the tziki sauce was kinda bland so I asked for EVERY SAUCE so I could compare/have options. I also heard about the mint iced tea and ordered one of those too. And yet - I still had a lackluster experience. 
First - if you're gonna treat pork like lamb and keep it on those spits roasting PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF ALL THINGS PIG don't serve customers that top layer of dry flavorless meat bits! My entire gyro sandwich was hard crumbs save for a couple of soft flavorless pieces of grey pork drenched in sauce and mint. The bread was amazing and the freshness of the other ingredients weren't able to save it and I really wanted to enjoy it. 
The falafel were really tasty but teeny tiny! Maybe I'm spoiled by Mona's fat ones but for the price - it's really not worth it. 
The fries were okay - kinda over cooked and really under salted. the sauces were pretty yummy but who cares? the food was such a let down - I would say call Monas and get their faster delivery.
eta: I didnt get the mint iced tea I ordered but I also wasn't charged? still sad.Super rude service and bad food. Falafel was way overcooked and tasted rancid. Fries were soggy. Dirty tables and floor. Not recommended.New Orleans doesn't have a ton of later night options (that is, after 10pm), so it's cool that Kebab, being on the St. Claude strip (it's sort of a strip. Don't nitpick please), is open til 11pm weeknights and midnight on weekends.
So this is the thing: by all appearances, you think this will be a cheap a$$ good Doner dive. I don't eat kebob, but I always know that there are options for me there in the form of hummus, falafel and the like. These are some of my favorite things, often consumed late late at night, typically under the influence of too many libations, but there it is. These places are lifesavers (and thank you for noting what can be made vegan-- **but please see note below, fellow vegans/vegetarians) and there can never be too many of them.
I didn't eat here late at night, though, so that sort of wine goggle haze wasn't coloring my opinion that the hummus here is extremely bland (I ordered a plate, which comes with a lot of bread, plus olives and cucumbers). I also didn't love that it's swimming in olive oil rather than spices. They were out of their house made habanero sauce but not even a bottle of Tabasco was to be found. In New Orleans? Kinda weird. So I had absolutely nothing to spice it up a bit (the person taking our order was nice enough but didn't suggest any alternatives). Texture of the hummus is nice and creamy and the pillowy bread that I see a lot of people complaining about was insanely good in my opinion. I'm not a fan of dry, tasteless pita so this is an appreciated alternative. But the lack of flavor would make me think twice about ordering that hummus again.
Somehow a gyro kebob, a small side of fries, two waters and hummus plate came to a little over $27.00 which is steep for a divey/casual, almost fast food type of place. (I do understand that the meat items, being that they are not factory-farmed, will be pricier than what one would typically pay, but $8.50 for a small paper plate of hummus is still expensive). Plus even though this is counter service, I can't not tip 20%, as in, I'm physically unable to do so especially at this time of year when the service industry is hurting. Note that the small fries at 3.50 comes with aioli but the large fries at 6.50 comes with aioli *and* ketchup. Huh? Not sure why they are so stingy with condiments, but I am not digging it at all. I'm more than willing to pay the .75 for house made sauces (even though there are plenty of places that don't make you pay for house made condiments) but if you're out of something, at least have bottles of Tabasco and maybe even Louisiana to make up for it.
**Vegetarians be aware: I'm just noticing in the "about the business" section here on Yelp that the frites are fried in animal fat. This absolutely should be written clearly on the menu especially considering that they are cool about noting what can and can't be made vegan. Also there are plenty of people who would avoid fries made in animal fat even if they do eat meat. Not saying they need to alter how they make their food, just that when things are clearly noted on the menu as to what is and isn't vegan, it sucks that I ate two fries made in animal fat off my boyfriend's plate because I didn't think I'd have to inquire as to the oil in a place like this. This is pretty disappointing as was the majority of my experience here.This place is LEGIT. House made bread, pickles, sauces, etc. The food is real, fresh, and has so many flavors. I can't wait to try everything on the menu!
Today was our first visit, so we split a döner kebab and falafel sandwich. Both had really unique flavors and toppings, instead of being the exact same thing just with different protein options. The beets on the falafel sandwich added an amazingly subtle sweetness. They also gave us some sort of homemade habeñero sauce that was on point. We both had the mint iced tea, which was FANTASTIC and included free refills.
My only regret is that I haven't come sooner. This is sure to be a new favorite place to eat.I usually order Kebabs sandwiches through uber eats. Let me just say that everything from the bread down to the sauces keeps me coming back. My only regret is that I wish I had discovered this eatery before I became vegan..I've been here several times and this place is amazing! Incredible food and a great atmosphere. I usually the the Gyro Sandwich and it is a huge delicious sandwich on fresh house made bread. Also, the fries are some of the best around. 
And to top it off, they have a pinball arcade to pass the time. Go here.My only complaint is that I didn't go here sooner. Kebab is a great lunch place (although it's probably good for takeout as well). The fries, falafel, and Gyro Kebab were amazing. I expected the gyro to come on a pita, but it's served more like a sandwich, which leaves more room for the delicious toppings. The place is small, but it also has some really cool vintage pinball machines which were great for passing the time while the food came out (which really was only enough time for one game).For my money this is the best sandwich shop in New Orleans. I love coming for lunch here - the falafel and chicken shawarma are both so delicious. They also cook their fries in bacon fat which makes them extra delicious - although they offer a vegan alternative. If you're drinking nearby I highly recommend stopping in, or even if you're passing through the neighborhood. Their hummus is also pretty good but I rarely have room for it. Bonus - I've had them cater events before and everyone always loves it. A great value for your money.I had the gyro, and it tasted so refreshing on a hot and humid summer day! It was loaded with meat and veggies and a special sauce. Prices are reasonable. Fries were crunchy and tasted great with the white sauce from my gyro!took an uber to get there last night and they were closed with a sign that said on vacation.  I checked website before we went and again today and there was no mention on closure.  I looked for a facebook page to see if  vacation notice was there but could not find a page.  That was inconvenient to me and my friends and a waste of money.  Maybe they only want the hipsters who frequent St. Claude avenue to come there, not the rest of the world.I ate here yesterday and was more than impressed. Bywater, these days, seems to have an unwritten rule that you must serve expensive, trumped up snobby hipster food. NOT HERE! It's fabulous and cheap and doesn't seem to be so obsessed with itself as many of the innumerable other bywater spots. First of all it's a scratch kitchen, literally from the ketchup to the bread, it's all made there, and made well. 
When I walked in I was greeted with a friendly smile and a simple and easy menu. I had the falafel. It was simply the best falafel I've ever had, and HUGE! There are myriad flavors and colors in this unassuming dish. The sauces marry so well with the fillings of beets, greens,falafel etc. 
I've been saying how badly this neighborhood needed a cheap creative, delicious and approachable restaurant for years. Look no further. Also, they friggin deliver!One of my most fav places to get falafel. Love the beets and fixings they add. Hummus plate is a thing of beauty loaded with cucumbers and olives. Always delicious! Highly recommend