Tried the Pork Belly po boy and it was pretty good. Served in a baguette style bread with lettuce. Their pork belly had some nice flavor and their sauce went well with the bread, lettuce, and pork belly.
Their spicy potato salad was underwhelming. Very dry with little flavor. Typical potato salad is more creamy.I came here because they had a vegetarian option (sweet potato and kale). Their poboys are delicious and not your typical sandwich that just has mayo, lettuce, and tomatoes. Instead they really think outside the culinary box to tantalize your tastebuds. The sweet potato and the shrimp poboys were amazing! I already want another one.The food was great!  shrimp po boy was awesome!  It wasn't your traditional po' boy because it was grilled shrimp instead of fried but I liked that about it. I just wish that the place didn't seem so divey. It was also hard to find because its tucked in the back of a tiny bar that was hard to find.Shrimp po boy was delicious. Sauce on slaw had a nice taste and spice to it.Very tasty, non-traditional po boys with a fun modern twist. Small menu, only a few offered at a time. In a small space at the back of Erin Rose bar.Found this place as an alternative to Acme Oyster. No wait when I arrived. Shrimp poboy was delicious. Fun bar with local IPA and football talk. Stays open till 7am but food stops at midnight. Try it.Worth pushing through the Irish bar up front - po boys with a unique (usually Asian) twist. We very much enjoyed the pork belly po boy and the (I think bahn mi inspired) shrimp po boy too. Spicy watermelon with Thai basil was a good start.Very interesting perspective on your traditional po boy that you can find on every corner of New Orleans. We tried the Shrimp and Pork Belly and loved them both. Every ingredient complements the next.Wow! So good! Get the grilled cheese!! Stopped in for an afternoon snack after a day of sightseeing and was not disappointed. Have a drink (or two) grab a sandwich and enjoy!Their poboys are killer! We had the pork belly poboys which almost melts in your mouth.We stopped in for a frozen Irish coffee  and decided to snack on a po boy for good measure. Do yourself a favor and order the pork belly. Don't even look at the menu. Generous amounts of pork belly covered in a glaze that is reminiscent of a dark and stormy. If you're looking for a traditional po boy, this is not the place for you. If you're a foodie that appreciates culinary creativity, then you'll be very pleased.Stopped in for a po' boy sandwich with some buddies at the beginning of a bachelor party in NOLA. The restaurant is at the back of the Erin Rose Bar just off Bourbon St. However, it is a very small, single room with one table and a small counters. Best to grab something and go unless your lucky enough to have the table available to you. 
  The po' boys/sandwiches are good. They are not your typical po' boys, such as catfish, crawfish, etc.  For example, one contains pork belly and another is made with meatloaf.  On that occasion I played it safe and got the Jameson Grilled Cheese, which was good. Nothing fancy, but done well. Bread was an oat bread and the cheddar was really good. Like I said, nothing fancy but it hit the spot. 
  The following day, I brought my wife there and we split another grilled cheese and meatloaf po'boy. The po'boy was meatloaf, chili garlic choy, spicy mustard, and scallions. It was good. The meatloaf itself was just a tad bit on the dry side, but the spicy mustard helped to add some moisture. The mustard itself had a strong taste of what I believed to be horseradish. The choy and scallions added some more flavor, color, and crunch to the po'boy. Overall, it was a rather good, and unique po'boy. Bread also had a nice crunch to it without being over crunchy. 
  I would definitely recommend Killer Po'Boys. It is a nice place to grab a quick bite to eat while strolling along Bourbon Street. You can duck in, grab a beer and a po'boy and get out in a few minutes; easy, convenient, and good. Not a bad combo. Oh, and by the way, they only accept cash. No credit/debit cards.I'm from Miami and a lot of restaurants here have pork belly selections on the menu and they are truly sinfully delicious.  They should be a bit crispy on the ends but melt in your mouth when you bite into them.  Imagine my disgust when I bite into the pork belly po'boy I was so stoked to munch on and I ended up with a mouth full of gummy, undercooked, thick, room-temperature bacon.  I was appalled.  This shouldn't even be on the menu. I'm not saying to stay away...I'm just saying that whatever you do, DO NOT order the pork belly po'boy.
Only reason I gave one more star than deserved is because the location is pretty cool and the staff was friendly.Hard to find but very worth it. Enter Erin Rose Pub and just maintain full speed ahead.
Little counter in the back serving really good po' boys. Not the most pretty in presentation but damn tasty.
Then stayed to drink because Erin Rose is actually a nice refuge from Bourbon St malarky. 
Downsides are a bit expensive and cash only (but a lot of NOLA is like this). I wish the kitchen and the bar would operate in tandem (but again much of NOLA is like this). 
The combo of actually drinking at the cheap bar and eating make this inequity balance out more.Good twist on a shrimp as an almost bahn mi. The sweet potato one was flavorful but super mushy......super duper mushy, like the whole sandwich was mashed potatoes.Look, you get fed up with PoBoys after the first day in Norleans, so make sure you just make the right moves and pass by Killer POBOYS first before spoiling this culinary category for yourself and those around you. They make it the way to should be, quick, nasty and surprisingly tasty.I'll keep it simple - best food I had in NoLA, hands down. Grab a seat at the bar in Erin Rose, wash down your sandwich with a good, local craft brew, and order up the Rose's frozen Irish Coffee for dessert. You won't be disappointed!Small po boys with not much filling. Crowded area smells like raw oysters inside. Hard to locate on maps ! Not to mention they have gender neutral bathrooms I did not feel comfortable using. They have no fountain drinks and bottled water is 2 dollars. So I went to Walgreens to get a 99 cent bottle. Also weird little coffee bar. I made iced tea accidentally because it wasn't labeled "iced tea".Great Poboys! I had the shrimp and my two friends had the pork. I have yet to find a better place for poboys in Nola.
Update: After returning I have to bring this down to 4 stars. It's still good, but not as good as it was before.AMAZING! First off when we were looking for the place we passed it at first but then we saw someone walk out of Eden Rose with a poboy and right away knew this was going to be amazing. A small kitchen in the back of an awesome bar that puts out great food. My wife and I had the shrimp and pot belly poboys and ate every bit of it. We both agree that this was the best meal in NOLA. Maybe we are a little biased since we love anything in "sandwich" form but the flavors are just down right amazing. Have yourself a beer and a poboy and you will not go wrong.Incredible Poboy delights lie hidden in the back of Erin Rose.  The gulf shrimp was uuuumaaazing and we also enjoyed the pork belly...  Erin Rose is a nice chill place with most the most excellent bartending staff and libations.  Fantastic!It's been over a year since I visited but I couldn't help but write a review as this place is definitely worth a stop. Takes a little work to find this place since it's located in the back of the Erin Rose Bar but you will not be disappointed. Their po boys are creative and incredibly tasty. Not much space to sit down so plan on taking them to go.Scrumptious poboys!!! 
They have a 5 item menu which makes ordering the perfect meal easy. We tried the Coriander Lime Gulf Shrimp poboy and the Dark & Stormy which is their pork belly poboy. Both we very tasty and delicious! 
Great staff and amazing food! A must try in NOLA. 
Killer Poboys definitely has killer poboys!Simply the best poboys in town. They taste just as great as the ones inside Erin Rose bar! Staff is friendly and good for the family. I have a 7 & 3 year old and they were welcomed! Eat their Seared Shrimp poboy, you'll never eat the breaded againThe sandwiches at this simple shop are scrumptious. I had the pork belly on a yummy roll. Another 1 of us had the pecan butter & habanero jelly sandwich on tasty whole grain bread. Nice selection of beer & wine options available Memorable spot for extra delicious sandwiches. Very casual eatery. Order @ a counter after a short wait in line. Friendly help.Do yourself a favor and hit up Killer Poboys in Erin Rose for a grilled shrimp poboy and a bloody mary.  You will be SO glad you did!!What a spot,quite literally it is a HOLE IN A WALL.
But within that spot from that Hole are some of the Best Po Boys that the French Quarter has to offer.
The Grilled Shrimp PoBoy was one of the Best Sandwiches this Chef has ever had the fortune to eat.
Located in the back of the Saloon the Erin Rose it's a Diamond in the Rough.Killer Poboys has converted me into a fan of po'boys.  Prior to coming here, I've had a number of disappointing encounters with po'boys.  I am so glad that I've tried this place because I definitely didn't know what I was missing!  We first heard about this place from our Uber driver who raved about the sandwiches and told us that we have to try it before we leave NOLA.  I am glad that she warned us about it being behind the bar because I didn't notice any sign for the place when I walked up to the Erin Rose bar.  Pro tip, bring your ID as the you need to be 21 just to step into the place.  I wasn't carrying my purse that day, but glad to have the foresight of having my driver's licence in my back pocket.
The place is tiny with a small table in the middle and a bunch of bar stools on the side. The menu is also fairly small with 4-5 options.  We opted for the pork belly and shrimp po'boys.  I've scarfed down that pork belly sandwich so fast that I didn't even take a picture of it, which is extremely unlike me as I like to document all of my food so that I can remember it later.  The pork belly was out of this world!!  The seasoning of the pork belly reminds me of the traditional Chinese pork belly dish, i.e. the perfect combination of sweet and savory.  Moreover, the accompanied slaw had a nice crunchiness and just the right amount of sourness to offset the heaviness of the pork belly.  Last, but not least, the french bread was perfection.  It was held up extremely against the juice from the pork belly and slaw, but not so hard that you can't bite into it.  I can't tell you how many times the bread of the po'boy fell apart when I bite into it.  
The shrimp po'boy was good, but definitely not on the same level as the pork belly one.  It was definitely a lighter alternative, as the shrimps were lightly seasoned with mayo instead of being deep fried.  Interestingly, the girls in the group (3 of them) liked the shrimp po'boy, while the boys liked the pork belly.  I was the only one that went against the stereotype and preferred the pork belly.  But then again, my personal philosophy is when pork belly is on the menu, ALWAYS get the pork belly!  Overall, the pork belly po'boy was my absolute favorite item that I've tried in NOLA.  If you are visiting, do yourself a favor and try this place, you won't regret it!!We accidentally stumbled upon this restaurant after getting drinks at Erin Rose. I ordered the shrimp poboy. Good value, a little bit too much mayonnaise, but overall an excellent sandwich. The shrimp was well seasoned and the bread was fresh.After our last four days in NOLA, I can definitely say that all three poboys we tried (Jameson grilled cheese, gulf shrimp, and the pork belly)  are the BEST you will get in the French Quarter. The Erin Rose is also a great little dive bar...Yum,  the pork belly is amazing.  My bf adored the shrimp though I can't vouch for it because I'm allergic.  Fast,  friendly service and a good value for the quality.Walk into Erin Rose and head to the back for a poboy feast. Got the recommendation from reading an interview with Solange Knowles who lives in NOLA. We opted to get the meatloaf and gulf shrimp poboys and share them ($24 for two).Both were really good, full of flavor and yummy veggies. They make their own pickles so they taste super fresh. The shrimp is seasoned perfectly! The sauces on both add the right about of juiciness to the poboy but doesn't make them too wet so they can still be handled like a sandwich should be. Perfect pit stop for lunch while walking around the French Quarter.Tried the shrimp po boy and it was everything I dreamed a New Orleans po boy would be.  They serve it Vietnamese style with soft bread, cucumbers and the most beautiful and tender butter grilled shrimp.   Served with a cold Guinness and it really can't get any better than that. I also tried the pork belly po boy and although it was nice balance of sweet and savory the pork fat was too chewy for my taste.  If you like seafood,  which if you don't you shouldn't visit New Orleans then the shrimp po boy here is one of the best I've ever had.Pork belly was delicious. A bit pricey though ($24.99 for a pork belly po-boy and a gulf shrimp po-boy). Ask worth a stop at this hidden little gem.The best Po'boy on the Continent. Personally I love the shrimp Po'boy with a fireball shot. Yum Yum!!I tried three of their offerings(shrimp, pork belly & meatloaf). The meatloaf was ok, but probably not worth getting. The shrimp wad pretty good. The pork belly was the best of all.This is a strong 4 stars maybe 4.5.
My first day in New Orleans and I'm responsible for seeking out sustenance during family nap time.  Yelped lunch/takeout and found this place just a couple blocks from the Omni Royal Orleans Hotel.  Tricky spot to find way in the back of Erin Rose Bar, a pleasantly dive-y bar.  
Awesome pork belly.  They were kind enough to warn me about fatty pork belly but I was well aware what I was getting into.  The sandwich takes you on the brink of being too rich and heavy, touches it but doesn't fall into it. It's decadent with Asian notes in the glaze.  Yummy.
The grilled cheese is sharp and nutty.  My toddler loved it.  We got it sans Jameson.
The shrimp, $14 at time of purchase (it's MP), was also Asian inspired reminding me of Bahn Mi, a teensy bit spicy and crunchy with cucumbers, carrots and such.
I would definitely frequent here if I were from here.Yes, yes, yes!  This is not your traditional Po Boy place!  It's like comparing your standard dish of Mac & Cheese against a Jalapeño Truffle Mac & Cheese.  Some folks crave traditional and other folks love it when you take something that they love and expand on it.  I fall into the latter.
Killer Poboys is hidden in the back of the Erin Rose Pub (which won't jump out at you in the first place).  I love dive bars, so I felt right at home as soon as I walked in.  Grabbed a seat and some local beers, perused the menu, and headed to the back to place an order for two different styles.
After a few minutes, two delectable sandwiches were delivered and wow, these things were great!  I sampled my wife's and she sampled mine, and we basically became like those dogs who are trying to hold on to two toys at once.  Trying "a bite" was not going to happen.  We stole each others sandwich, yet monitored each other's biting techniques to make sure neither one of us was getting shafted.  Finally, the sandwiches were returned to the original owner, almost like two gunslingers cautiously dropping their revolvers at the same time.
The flavors are outside of the box and your taste buds will not be bored.  It wouldn't hurt to be a Banh Mi fan, as I can see some Vietnamese influence in their style.  Simply fantastic, though!  Definitely go to some other places and try a traditional Po Boy (or three), but if you enjoy a little creativity in your sandwich, head on over here and be prepared to have your taste buds awakened!Seared shrimp poboy was extremely tasty. Who knew carrots and cucumber on a poboy could be so good?! Six jumbo shrimp and whatever sauce is on it complements the carrots, cucumber, and shrimp very well. Bread was soft on the inside and a nice crunch on the outside. Mmmmmm good! 
The place, like everyone else has said, is tiny. And even though it was packed, it really didn't take long to get our food and the lady who brought it was super friendly :)Me and my husband stopped in, passed it at first, gotta go through Erin rose and it's all the way in the back. Yummy shrimp and pork belly porous, perfect flavors mixed and a great beer to go with! Very small so I wouldn't come with a large group but good for a little lunch dateShrimp po boy was great.  Good quality, fresh tasting ingredients.  Little bummed by the market price which ended up being $14 but, hey, I was on vacation.  
For those of you walking up and down the street 5 times looking for "Killer Po Boys" like me, the sandwich counter is located inside the Erin Rose bar.  Just head straight towards the back.Coming from a native... these are not traditional Poboys. If this is what you are looking for or what you will base your Poboy opinion on please try again. These reminded me of something you'd get off a hipster food truck.  I had the shrimp, which was just ok. It didn't taste bad but it wasn't what I was expecting. I didn't really need artisan type pickled vegetables and fancy seared shrimp, I wanted the typical dressing and fried  but that is also my fault because I read the description and I knew what I was getting into but just be forewarned.  My husband had the meatloaf and the BBQ sauce it was drenched in over powered everything. The bread, and if you know Poboys you'll understand this, wasn't quite right. I will say that everything was incredibly fresh. We got to Erin Rose before Killer Poboys opened and watched the staff bring in buckets of fresh shrimp and the bag of just delivered bread. With so many other Poboy places around town, I'd skip this place.Thought it would be better according to the reviews. I got the shrimp poboy. Bread was kind hard, the shrimp was pan seared and not fried like I was expecting but it was still very flavorful. The sandwich was 90% shredded carrots which took away from the shrimp and was kind of off putting. The sauce was good. Probably wouldn't go back, I'd try one of the many other poboy places in nolaI came here with my friends because it has good ratings and it was open after my friend got off work. Honestly I wouldn't go back because it was way too packed, no where to really sit, and the po boy could have been better. I didn't hate it but it definitely wasn't 4 starsCreative takes on your traditional po boy. Fresh ingredients, great flavors and an intimate, local vibe. One of the few places New Orleanians are willing to go near bourbon street. P.s. If you're looking for your classic preparations (I.e. Alligator sausage, oyster, etc) head to parkway in mid-cityNot very good...shrimp was fishy and pork belly was overly sweet and big pieces of pure fat..bread was stale..tried to see if cashier would make us something else since we took 1 bite and told her how stale and notjing but fat the sandwich was she'd only make us something else if we paid for another sandwich. anyone who thinks these are good sandwiches has never had a good sandwich.I had the Coriander Lime Gulf Shrimp Poboy here twice on my most recent New Orleans vacation, it was THAT good. Also because my fiance overdid it a little on Bourbon Street the first night we were in town and had no memory of eating the first one. So we just had to go back so he could see what he "missed." One of my favorite meals I had in New Orleans, and this includes meals from places like NOLA and Acme Oyster House. So good, and not even just because I was drunk (I was sober for the second one). Highly recommended.Could not be more impressed with a sandwich shop inside of dive bar, inside of another dive bar. Literally this place is in the back room of a dive bar, in a room the size of my first dorm room, and it shares the space with a bar. Most impressive is the quality and creativeness of the sandwich list. Menu is small but packed with flavor no matter what you get. Shrimp and pork belly are my two faves, but even the grilled cheese manages to impress.These are some of the tastiest sandwiches you can find in New Orleans.
Meatloaf everytime. also all the other sandwiches. But MEATLOAF!!!!You want to look for Erin Rose bar n killer poboys is in back. I had the daily special which was lamb poboy n spicy potato salad for $15 definately worth it!!! Steps off bourbon n worth it!!This probably the best po boy I've ever had!  I had the beef po boy and my hubby had the shrimp po boy.  Both were delicious!  They use a very creamy mayo type sauce that compliments the meat/shrimp without overwhelming.  The bread was the right amount of crunch.  The place is awesome!  You walk through the bar and the restaurant at the back.  Seating is limited but we made it work.  Would definitely come back!If by killer you mean not very good.... Then great name. How does this place have four stars?? Pork belly was terrible. Sloppy and undercooked. There are plenty other places to enjoy a tasty po boy on bourbon street. Come on nawlins yelpers!Another hidden gem in the back of a bar. Had a roast beef and a shrimp poboy. Both were excellent!!Saw this on Yelp and all the ratings. Decided to try it out. Got the "Dark and Stormy" and "Coriander Like Grilled Shrimp." My girlfriend and I split each one. I wanted the "Guinness Braises Beef" unfortunately they were out of Beef. Being from Lafayette, I frequent the city. Glad I stumbled upon "Killed PoBoys" found a new favorite bar and PoBoy shop. Great Beer and Great Food!!! I will be back for more!!!You won't find killer poboy on the outside of this whole and the wall bar but You will find a killer poboy! Erin Rose is the bar in the front and Killer Poboy is the food / bar in the back! Small place with great food.. the Sauté Shrimp Poboy was so good and juice and then they had This cucumber margarita that was spicy oh Em Gee so good will definitely come back when I'm in New OrleansNot impressed. Had the shrimp pivot and the pork belly. The shrimp was ok just not much shrimp. The pork belly was chewy and nasty. Do not recommend. And bread was hard.  I was excited to try it but was very disappointed. NOLA pivots was way better.This place serves up untraditional, unconventional po'boys, so if you are looking for something more traditional - go somewhere else. 
It is located in the Erin rose bar. Must be 21+to enter. Go in the bar and head all the way to the back. Sandwiches are on the expensive side; cash only. 
I had the shrimp. It is banh mi inspired - lots of shredded carrots and daikon (almost too much) with a few shrimps on top. The acidity was pretty overwhelming, and the sauce got the bread saturated within seconds. The shrimp were cooked nicely, and overall I appreciated the concept, but for me the execution was a little off.Killer says it all.  If you want a tasty Poboy there is no reason to go ANYWHERE else, unless of course Killer Poboys is closed.  Check their hours and plan your trip accordingly.  Flavors that will knock you socks off, this place will make you wish you skipped your last meal so you'd have room to order another one.Stopped in here for a Lime Cilantro Shrimp Po Boy.  Yes the seating is crowded inside the restaurant space that is tucked deep in the Erin Rose Bar, but if you're getting a drink (or two) they're OK with you eating at the regular bar and their Bloody Mary pairs quite nicely with the shrimp po boy.  It's a cool bar and bonus points for having a signed poster of Evel Knievel on the wall.  I'll be back.Located at the back of a bar, it's easy to miss, but once you've found it, it's worth the wait. 
Go for the shrimp - great combination of flavours with the pickled vegetables. The pork belly is a worthy second!Pork belly was phenomenal and grilled shrimp was light and refreshing. So glad we ventured past the sketchy bar in the front to find this hidden gem!We both had the pork belly po' boy - the best sandwich we've had in NOLA so far! The bread was crispy and not too doughy and meat was very tender. Highly recommended!Very good shrimp po-boy, but not amazing, and for the price it should have been much bigger.Hidden in the back of the Erin Rose but the gulf shrimp and pork belly Po'Boys were fantastic don't forget an Irish frozen coffee.Very good gourmet poboys. Do not come here if your want the standard fried seafood poboys. 
Love the homemade mayonnaise and the habanero ginger hot sauce. It wasn't spicy but perfectly balanced. Sweet, gingery, and slightly spicy. 
I got the pork belly and my husband got the shrimp. Mine was very good but more fatty than I wanted. The shrimp was good too. Small menu and took a little longer than expected.
Bring cash Or use the atm inside. This place is located inside of a bar at the very back. No signs exist on the outside so be prepared. Give it a shot. Very tasty.My friend and I stopped in Erin Rose and went straight to the back for the Killer Poboys.  The woman at the counter was awesome. We got a Roasted Sweet Potato Po Boy to share, which comes with blackeyed pea and pecan spread, and braised greens.  It was delicious.  We also split an order of super fresh vegan red beans and rice.  I will definitely be back!Tucked in the back of Erin Rose was this hidden gem. We ordered the shrimp, pork belly, and meatloaf sandwiches. The shrimp one was our favorite as it was cooked perfectly on a well-toasted French bread. The pork belly was almost too rich, but still good. All the sandwiches were flavorful so regardless of what you get you can't go wrong!Just amazingly delicious. Def check this place out. It is in the back of a bar, and we kinda felt like it was some secret place only a select few were aware of. It could use some signage on the outside. I had the grilled gulf shrimp poboy. It had great flavors and the sauce was amazing. WAY better than any other poboy we had in town. Make sure you go!!I absolutely LOVED everything I tried at Killer Po Boys.  Amazing food, the Gulf shrimp po'boy was fresh and delicious with an amazing bun and sauce.  I do NOT to this day know the name of the Grilled Cheese I had, but it was f*ing AWESOME.  All I had to read was Jameson and I was in life Flynn!  Apparently they spray it with it and toast it with it and all of this stuff, but I didn't taste the Jame-O, I tasted an amazing, delicious, I'm full but I'm still going to finish it, grilled cheese sandwich.  I said I would go back for the pork belly and was fully warned that it was marinated and boiled and something else and full of fat, which I was gun ho for but in NOLA, there were simply too many places to eat and by the time I made it back there, I had that grilled cheese on my brain!  One of those and a few shots of Jame-O and I was back in the mix.  I will definitely go back there everytime I'm in NOLA as long as it's serving up that amazing food!OMG the sweet potato po boy was absolutely amazing, it definitely hits the spot and the prices are great. My friend had a pork belly po boy and she said it was like an orgasm in your mouth.Killer Poboys is located in the back of a dive bar. It's a tiny room covered in wood paneling with a few spaces to eat in at the counter and a lone window to order and pick up food. We got a pork belly poboy to share. There is a generous amount of pork belly in the sandwich but the whole thing ate too sweet for my tastes and I came away unimpressed. I would stick with the more traditional poboy sandwiches if I ever find myself back here.The shrimp po boy was great. And that is about all that was good. The po boy was $14 and didn't come with anything else. And there were mice running around the floor. I wouldn't eat there again.Not your typical po'boy! This place is located in the back of the bar. Its a little tight and dark but the food is worth it, and you can always take it to go. Had the shrimp po'boy and it was delicious. The shrimp were grilled in delicious spices and they were huge! The bun had a bit too much carrot strings and dressing but it was a delicious po'boy!EXCELLENT Poboys. In the back of Erin Rose pub, the best thing I ate in New Orleans! Perfect to grab and go, then eat in the park.
We each got a different sandwich: Pork Belly, Shrimp, and Beef. My friends loved the Pork Belly, but for a lighter, flavorful sandwich, I recommend the Shrimp.
The shrimp was really fresh and tasty. The poboy was filling, but not overly so. Similar to a Banh Mi. I loved the simplicity of the sandwich and savored every bite of the perfectly grilled shrimp!Killer Po Boys was a nice stop, but I'm not going more than 3 stars. The food was tasty, but not exceptional. The price was expected on Bourbon Street. Erin Rose was tiny and authentic. Overall, i enjoyed my experience in the bar, but didn't walk away feeling like it was something to write home about. 
We got both the Shrimp and Meatloaf po boys. I'd recommend the meatloaf, as it was unique and well flavored. I've had better Shrimp Po Boys in other New Orleans spots.  This place is a great diversion if you're looking for something other than slushies and bad pizza.  It's also a good spot to impress out-of-towners looking for a more unique experience. Other than that, I wouldn't go out of my way to return a second time.This place is a fine example of the strength of social media.  There is no sign as it is in the back of Erin Rose.  Something about a law saying there can be only one sign.  Without Yelp, this place would not exist.  
I had both the pork belly and shrimp po'boys.  These are not your traditional sandwiches.  The flavors are more complex.  They are not large and not cheap, but they are tasty.Pretty good poboys though sometimes inconsistent if April or Cam are not making your poboy.Not sure if these guys have all their friends write good reviews because these sandwiches are tiny, overpriced, and not very good. Sorry guys, just being honest.Disclaimer: this is a review from a local who is pretty well-versed in po-boys.
The menu is small, it's cash only, it's in the back of a smoky bar on bourbon street. If I were in the vicinity and looking for a quick bite I would absolutely stop by. However, if you are looking for a real po-boy...like a REAL New Orleans po-boy, this isn't the place. The bread is too hard, the ingredients are a bit too hip. 
If you want the true New Orleans po-boy experience, hop in a cab and take a quick ride to Parkway Bakery or go uptown to Mahoney's or Parasol's. Get fried oysters or shrimp or beef with debris, and get it dressed. Please don't leave New Orleans with this being your only po-boy experience unless you're a hipster or you're drunk.This was our first bite of food in New Orleans, and it made for a very good start. Traditionalists might say their flavors are too unique and gourmet to be considered true poboys, but we really liked them for that. Got the sweet potato and the meatloaf, and found them both really good. This is the original location, in the back of the Erin Rose bar. Their newer stand-alone location has some different options on the menu, but we didn't get a chance to go try them.Any review that is over 2 stars is from a drunk person. Overall if your hammered it's probably good, if your not hammered drunk it's terrible.Place is hard to find. You won't find a sign for it on the street. Walk into the Erin and Rose Bar and order from there or go all the way to the back room! Had the pork belly poboy. Very good, no frills just flavor! My kind of bar food.This place is really good if you're not looking for the traditional NOLA po'boys. In reality you're getting a California fusion sandwich. 
Which once again is really good but not what I'm looking for in the French Quarter. 
I had the Seared Shrimp which basically was a really good Vietnamese bahn mi. So come here if you're sick of Cajun food and looking for a good sandwich.This has "former food truck" written all over it.
Not necessarily a bad thing, but Killer Poboys really does meet all the standards:
- Baroque sandwiches that look much bigger, at first blush, than they actually are?  Check.
- Prices that account for the eclecticism in the fixins and condiments, while shortchanging the customer when it comes to fat and protein? Check.
- An ordering window that results in long lines where people awkwardly stand and wait for their meal, intermingling the pre-order and post-order crowd and making queue-jumping inevitable?  Check.
- An ambiance completely oblivious to, yet utterly dependent upon, the immediately surroundings?  CHECK.
I feel like I'm being harsh.  Like most food trucks, Killer Poboys is the sum of its ingredients, and its ingredients are darn good.  And the Erin Rose pub that hosts this kitchen (Killer Poboys is in the back) offers plenty of visual stimuli with its anti-establishment bric-a-brac on the walls.  You will need a quilt's worth of napkins to manage these saucy, tasty, caloric (but not particularly meaty) sandwiches.  (And you'll be hungry again 90 minutes later.)  But you can strike up a conversation with the person next to you in line, who--mark my words--you will be smelling.  Fortunately the tantalizing aroma of pork belly, beef debris or gulf shrimp will overpower all but the most pungent of armpits.
But the fact that I mention the menu of Little Killer Poboys (and it IS little) and "armpits" in the same sentence is both the blessing and the curse.Pork Belly Poboy. Not much else to say. It was sweet and delicious. The proprietor asked me if I'd had pork belly before to make sure that I'd be happy with my choice. I appreciate the ask, but it was a little off-putting. I do wish it was more clear how to get something to drink with your poboy...or at least a water jug in the back.
Thank goodness for the tips online that help you figure out that this place is within a bar. Otherwise I would've been lost.Tried the shrimp and pork belly poboys and although they are not your traditional poboys, they were both VERY good! The shrimp poboy had pickled carrots and radish so it immediately made me think of a banh mi. My favorite was the pork belly. It came with a rum ginger cane syrup and it was just divine. I would definitely come back to this place my next visit to Nola. Also, the bar where Killer Poboys is located in had really good bloody mary's!Had to try a Poboy while in NOLA! Stopped here to get a favorite and it did not disappoint! Flavors were yummy after a long walk with the tour just before. The IPA beer was refreshing and went well with the sandwich.FAT and FATTY PoBOY
Don't come here for a salad, because they don't cater to people who are on a diet. I asked the guy what is the most popular PoBoy and he stated it's the pork belly. So, that is what I ordered. There is a generous amount of meat, oops fat, but the darn thing is so delicious with a lot of flavor. When I got back home I had to get back on a veggie diet after this trip to NOLA. Now I see why they call it Killer PoBoys because if you eat here all the time it will eventually kill you.Went to New orleans to try this place out since it had so many reviews on Yelp.
This is actually connected to a bar, so it can be confusing if you've never been here before. It's called Erin something. My apologies that I do not recall the name of the bar. 
Their area is very small in the back and you get lucky if you find seating back there. I ordered the Gulf Shrimp Poboy and oh my it was delicious. I thought it was cooked perfectly and the shrimp was a good size. The flavors blended with each other very well. It's even better with hot sauce in my opinion. 
I would def come back here when I come back to New Orleans. I'm glad i was able to find this place on Yelp to try out. 
My friends did get the meatloaf one and thought it was okay in their opinion. My friends don't like seafood, so they wouldn't have ordered the Shrimp poboy.NEVER would have stumbled across this joint wo Yelp. So glad I did! Once again, amazingly nice & friendly people, delicious food. How can you NOT love New Orleans. Had a Jameson (as in whiskey) grilled cheese and shrimp boil potato salad. Yum.2 thumbs up for the grilled shrimp po'boy. The shrimp was fresh and perfectly grilled.The Erin Rose is awesome but I wasn't a huge fan of Killer Poboys.
The shrimp poboy was good. The shrimp was plump and well cooked and accompanied by a fresh carrot/daikon mix and delicious aoli. The root veggies and aoli are cold though and while I understand it is to add texture and a crispness but instead it is startling and distracts from the warm shrimp.
The braised beef poboy was disappointing. I'm a big believer in finishing my plate but I couldn't finish this poboy. The beef was so dry and there was no sauce to help choke down the sandwich.Listen, I really, really wanted my pork belly po'boy  at Killer PoBoys to be a great experience.The sandwich is listed as" Glazed Pork Belly Poboy" (formally known as the Dark and Stormy) and I was so excited  to have my taste buds bombarded with something amazing. 
It was nothing special, the pork belly was flabby and limp and just laid there like Randy in 'A Christmas story". You put it on the grill, right? Did you turn the grill on? Not a hint of crispness or resistance in the pork belly. It looked like it was boiled. Is that the effect they are going for?
 It was coated with a forgettable sweet brown sauce.  The "lime"in the lime slaw was invisible as was the garlic aioli that was supposed to be part of the poboy.  I wouldn't order it again. I would give some of their other poboys a shot, but I won't be running back there.Delicious pork belly poboys! Located in the back of Erin Rose, just off Bourbon Street in the French Quarter, Killer Poboys is truly a hidden gem. Their menu is small but excellently executed. It's a perfect place to grab a late night bite while out and about. Pair any of their poboys with some of the awesome drinks at the bar, and you'll be sure to have a great time.I don't usually eat alot of bread, and it was my second time to NOLA so unfortunately I haven't had many poboy experiences--- however, It was delicious. It's in the back of the dive bar Erin Rose-- all the way at the back. Tiny space, with only one table, but I didn't mind standing. I had the grilled shrimp poboy and my brother in law had the grassfed beef. I would totally recommend splitting it like 2 or 3 ways-- It's huge. I left over half... Cash only!Hands down the best poboy I've EVER had!! Been twice so far and ate the gulf shrimp the first time. SOOOO delicious! Loved the cilantro and carrots atop the yummy shrimp. Next had the pork belly and it was just as delicious as the shrimp. OMG my mouth is literally watering while typing this. The potato salad has horseradish in it which I loved. I'm usually a mustard potato salad type gal but this stuff was amazing!! I was surprised I liked it! Can't wait to go back and try a different one!We had the pork belly and we also had the shrimp, both were excellent.   The portion sizes are good and popped with flavor.   They also poured an excellent pint of Guinness.The only bad about this place is that smoking is allowed indoors. Ugh. 
Tried pork belly and sweet potato and both were delicious! I had originally sought out this place because I read about a duck po boy but apparently that was an old menu item that has since been discontinued.
If I had time, I would have come back more than once. Too bad it wasn't open for breakfast, or on Mon/Tues.We came to the Erin Rose on Tuesday to try the bloody Mary based on yelp reviews. While there we heard a couple say they came buy on the recommendation of a co-worker because they had the best poboys. Unfortunately Killer Poboys is closed on Tuesdays. Do we came back Wednesday to give them a try. My husband and I shared the pork belly and meatloaf poboys. Both were really good, the pork belly one was kind of amazing.One word, "killer!".
Surprisingly sophisticated complex flavor combos in great bread.You will NEVER find this place unless you read the directions carefully. You have to walk through a dingy bar to get there. It's literally a dar room in the back. I had a shrimp po boy and loved it. The shrimp were huge and perfectly cooked. My friend had the vegetarian. She hated it. Couldn't eat it. The greens were stringy and over cooked. I wouldn't rate this on her taste though.Unless you're a r ally picky eater.The best!
I was here during Mardi Gras and needed to have the best Po Boy in town. Yelpers helped me with this one and they were right on! This place is in the the back of Erin Rose Bar so it's hidden. I found it really cool and has a lot of character. They have a  bar and some stools. This is not a place to stay long since it does begin to feel crammed. The nenu is straight forward and you have a few po boys to choose from.  I ordered the Shrimp Po Boy and it was heaven in my mouth. Just perfection! Bread is slightly toasted and shrimp is seasoned and fried just right. My husdand ordered the meatloaf po boy. Sooo good! We loved it so much we returned the next day and tried out the Pork Po boy. You really can't go wrong here.This place is a hole in the wall... Quite literally. No sign graces the outer facade... It is a bar and in the very back thru the swinging saloon doors is a hole in the wall behind which killer po boys resides... 
I ordered my pork belly PoBoy and waited at the bar which is a separate business. 
I really wanted to like it... It was well constructed... Very generous with the swine... However it was all fat...  
I do love pork... And bacon of course.. However this was just too much fat... I am sure the classic shrimp would have been a better option...Unfortunately I was not a big fan of this place. I really liked the bar it is inside of though (Erin Rose) but not the actual Killer Poboys part.
NOTE: You have to be 21 to eat here. They card you when you walk inside because it is in the back of the bar.
My friend and I shared a shrimp po boy and I was really disappointed. It really is just a banh mi/po boy fusion except that the bread wasn't very fresh and their "pickled vegetables" they used that resemble the ones typically in banh mi weren't very well made.
It was mostly just grilled shrimp and the pickled vegetables and overall the combination did not taste good especially with the poorly pickled carrots inside.
I wouldn't recommend coming here if you're from out of town and want a good/authentic po boy experience. 
Pros: Large juicy shrimp
Cons: Weird not appetizing flavor combinationThis is more like a banh mi than it is a po boy to me. When craving a typical po boy this isn't exactly the place to go.  
The grilled shrimp was flavorful but a bit on the chewy side. Lots of shredded carrots and mayo. Good flavor overall. Enjoyed its hidden spot.The po'boys here are amazing! My husband and I split one- but we wish we had our own! The shrimp is grilled not fried which is different from the traditional but a welcome change! All the food here is fresh, local and delicious- despite the hole in the wall atmosphere. Employees are friendly and welcoming as well! A must eat in NOLA.I guess it is my old school way, but it seems that in this day and age, any sandwich in NOLA is now titled a Po Boy.  Well, that should not be the case as it is hard to determine who makes a great Po Boy and who simply makes a good sandwich.  
In this particular case, Killer Po Boys make a pretty darn good sandwich, but it is not a Po Boy.  
That being said, we ate, we enjoyed and we would probably go back.  The Dark and Stormy has all the components that taken individually should make for an amazing sandwich.  The bread was toasted crisp with enough pillowy dough left to absorb the sauce, juice and dressing.  The pork belly had a wonderful, albeit, sweet flavor, however the texture was a bit off.  There was no bite to it, so what you are left with is a very slight difference between texture of meat and limp of fat.  Both tasty, but a bit of tooth to it would make it that much better.
The cole slaw was crispy, tasty on its own, but once the components are together, the sandwich seemed to be fighting like a band whos members are all trying to be heard.  It simply came out as bit garbled and messy.  
I love the location, I love the recipes and I wish them the best of luck.Cool spot in the back of a very crowded bar.   Not much seating but a diverse, hip crowd.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  The pork belly poboy was tasty and unique.  Will return.Tucked away in the rear of an Irish pub, Erin Rose, Killer Poboys is a diamond in the rough of the surrounding shitshow that is Bourbon Street.  I always eat here at least twice when I'm in town no matter how long my stay.  Last time I went here after eating dinner at Cochon - got a poboy to go, and ported it around town the rest of the night throughout the French Quarter and Frenchman Street, hoping to save it for later.  Despite it being my bachelor party, I miraculously managed not to lose or destroy my sandwich over the course of the evening, and successfully stuffed my fat face at the end of the night.  That's how good this place is.  And grab a frozen irish coffee from Erin Rose while you wait.Not your classic po boy. Creative stuff and perfect bar food. Liked both the pork belly and the grilled shrimp (banh mi) the same. Good acid in both.Went here for a quick dinner before meeting friends. Heard it was awesome, and at the back of a dive bar called Erin Rose. Dive Bar...Check! Awesome? HARDLY!
My GF got the Shrimp Poboy, and it was decent. Not the best I've ever had but decent. I was SOOOOOOOOO excited to get the Pork Belly Poboy, with an Asian twist. Well what I got was literally Uneatable. It was 100% FAT. Now I'm not stupid, I realize just how much fat is in a pork belly. Duh. I get it. But, this was literally 100% FAT, no meat at all. It's like they put the fatback in boiling water and served it onto this bun. No kidding. It was AWEFUL! I took 2 bites and said I'm done!
Thank goodness for the Lucky Dogs cart! After a hard night of drinking and not being able to eat this crap, I snarfed down a Lucky Dog and thought that was delicious!
So I do NOT recommend Killer Poboys.....cuz it just may "kill" you!Half of the items on the menu have been removed, the guy taking orders has a bad attitude, and my grilled cheese weighs about the same as a crow's feather. Tiny, crowded, loud, and overpriced. Avoid this dump!!!As a tourist, I really wanted to see what the whole po boy scene was about, but this place left a bad taste. It was difficult to find from the street and you have to get IDed just to get in since it's in the back of a bar. The group of us ordered a bunch of stuff on the menu and the only good thing was the grilled cheese (only reason I gave 2 stars).I am hungry just looking back at the Yelp page. Killer Poboys felt like poboys reimagined. They still had the feel of a classic but a taste that made my heart sing. Brandi was amazing and walked me through the menu and helped me settle on the glazed pork belly. It was the most amazing thing I had all weekend and I LOVE New Orleans food so much. She followed up a few times to make sure she had made recommendations to our liking. Oh and great AC and clean bathrooms in the Quarter. Win! Killer Poboys is now going to be a New Orleans tradition for us.Don't listen to all the haters, yes it is in the back of the bar but that is what makes it great! And do get the pork belly poboy! Lots of flavor and it was delicious! They also make their own hot sauce, make sure to spice it up!Jeff is my main man. He made me and my friends specially crafted drinks that we actually amazing. But lets not forget about the Poboys. This place is secretly the Mecca of Poboys and they don't disappoint. I swear to god Toby Keith wrote "I love this bar" about this place.Killer Poboys is one of my two go-to spots in New Orleans. Their unique take on the Poboy always makes me smile. I had the pulled pork poboy and it was delicious! 
I love that they opened a small but more family friendly located a couple blocks away. I always recommend KPB's to my friends visiting the French Quarter and I can't wait to visit the next time I'm in town.The Po-boy is a simple sandwich right?  Not at Killer Po-Boys!   Their Morrocan spiced lamb is their version of a gyro on steroids.  It had several strong flavors and was the perfect size.  The dark and stormy pork was a winner as well.
This place has an awesome location in the rear of the Erin Rose bar.  Thanks to yelp we knew to walk right in the bar and proceed to the rear where the kitchen is located. I felt like we knew a local secret as we would have never found this place with out the help of my Yelp brethren!  Most places around Bourbon require you to sit down.  Being able to walk in and order at the window was awesome.
The guys working the kitchen were cool people and their passion for food was obvious.  I gave Killer Po-Boys an extra star just for their location.No, no no!!!!! I tried the Meatloaf and Whiskey Grilled Cheese Po'boys. It took me about 10 minutes to realize it was in Erin Rose Dive Bar and its not a restaurant so my 19 year oldest son had to watch my youngest whilst I ordered and paid for the sandwiches . This is a over priced Average Po'boy shop. The sandwich's are about the size of a 6in Subway sandwich and just "Ok". The grill cheese was so greasy I'm sure there will be a cholesterol check when I get home. Save your money...Never had a Po Boy before, but needed a quick bite to eat. Found Killer Poboys nearby so decided to grab one there. Chose the meatloaf po boy. It was meaty with a sweet, tasty BBQ sauce and pickles. It was very good.  I'll have to give the others a try. 
If you're in the French Quarter you can find Killer Poboys in the back of the Erin Rose Bar on Conti St near Bourbon St.Had the grilled shrimp poboy ....it was great all the fixings made this a great n tasty sand which price was a little steep for the size of the sand which but very goodThe problems here I think are in execution, not in vision. 
Pork belly po boy had good flavor from the glaze to the slaw, but I would have preferred it a bit crispy on the edges perhaps and the fat a bit more rendered. Also, the carrot slaw was a bit heavy handed. Ended up raking half off because it was overpowering everything.
Also had the seared shrimp po boy, which I liked better. Shrimp was really good, slaw was good, but again a bit too much for me. 
Bread was also a little over-toasted in my opinion. Overall, good effort, but the technique needed some work. 
The beer was good though! Pretty solid draft selection in the main bar.it still felt like a discovery to find this place, even though many people know about it. first and foremost, the sandwiches were excellent. i had the meatloaf po boy, which was super flavorful, and the all-important bread was perfectly crunchy on the outside and soft inside. i expected all of this, but what really took it to the next level was the person taking the orders. he was friendly, gave recommendations, and patiently handled even the drunkest of customers, encouraging every one to enjoy the bar while they waited for their food. i was totally impressed.The folks there were nice. They gave my kid crayons and were sweet. There was just very little meat in the poboy and I had memories of my childhood with big ugly fried soft shell crab or crawdads poboys. I don't know. I hate giving mediocre reviews but it just wasn't authentic. I could have gotten the same sandwich in San Diego.My boyfriend and I shared a pork belly poboy and a shrimp poboy. My boyfriend loved the shrimp and I LOVED the pork belly. I didn't like that the shrimp weren't fried. But lemme tell you, that PORK BELLY WAS MY ENTIRE LIFE. :-)
Will definitely return.The shrimp po boy was really good, but I had really bad burps all night, but that's a personal problem, also it was so good that it was worth it.
What if it was pronounced POB-oy?Grilled cheese was great but the po boys were awful. Shrimp smelled too fishy we couldn't eat it. The slaw was tasty but the pork belly was inedible. Definitely skip this place.Pork belly po'boy? The flavoring was excellent but the 4 pieces of pork belly were literally 98% fat which, although good at the beginning, began to  upset my stomach a little later and therefore wasn't worth the $12.  NOLA rum and ginger cane syrup was a nice, sweet mixture. Add the like coleslaw and the garlic aioli and the sauce was perfect. Too bad it sauced slices of fat :(
The restaurant itself is located in the rear of the Erin Rose bar. You must be 21+ to enter the bar to reach the restaurant. They don't list their sides on the menu so you'll have to ask for what they are. There is one table that could seat maybe 4-6 people and the rest of the small ledge seating could fit another couple people.  Most people order their food and sit at the bar where their food will be brought to them. 
If you've never had a po'boy, it's worth checking out but as one gentleman mentioned in the New Orleans airport, po'boys weren't meant to be expensive sandwiches so keep that in mind.Very good fresh innovative poboy. However, for a huge cheap delicious more traditional style poboy, try Verti Marte - it's dope.Great poboy in the back of a bar. A bit harder to find. Its great to be able to enjoy a beer while the food is prepared. Stop by and enjoy a pork belly poboy!What everybody else wrote and more!! After eating 8,437 bad Poboys, because I am that stupid, I finally discovered this place and the best Poboy I've ever put in my face hole. Coriander lime grilled shrimp Poboy has made me it's bitch and I'll do anything it commands of me and more! Eat here now, you won't regret paying a little more for quality.Don't get lost. This place is in the back of the bar! We went here craving some poboys and saw the great reviews. If you're looking for the traditional poboy, this is not your place. If you're looking for some unique and flavorful combinations, you found your match.  We got one gulf shrimp and one pork belly poboy. The Gil shrimp one came with pickled daikon and carrots. Both were very tasty! Only drawback was it took about 20-25 min to get the food, but it looked like a 1 woman operation. Hopefully they get a chance to expand soon!Really fresh ingredients. Halved the shrimp and Dark and Stormy with my daughter. Both were good but the shrimp was the agreed favorite. Make sure you walk all the way to the back of bar - it's there, just keep walking. Cash only.Had the pork belly po boy which blew my mind. I cannot comment on authenticity but copious amounts of pork fat on fresh bread- -carnivorous delight. It's funny to write this review now because I've since made great strides to lower (and in the future, eliminate) my meat and dairy consumption for moral reasons but I still need to do due diligence to my fellow Yelpers.Had the shrimp po boy....amazing!!! Behind the erin rose bar. Small place with big tastes!!! Highly recommendAnother thumbs up here for the pork belly po-boy.  It was nice to see a place doing something interesting with this NOLA specialty.OMG! Shrimp po boy was out of this world. Bread was toasty on the outside and soft in the inside. Lots of perfectly grilled shrimp. Fresh, crunchy slaw. Different than the typical fried po boys around. A must. Wash it down with a cold beer!The shrimp poboy was great but there is only a small cramped area to eat in the back of the bar. They were quick and friendly and the food came out fast considering how busy they were.It might take you a few minutes to find this place - its at the back of Erin Rose bar and not advertised on the street - but this is one of the best Po'Boys you'll find in Nola esp near bourbon - not a ton of choice honestly but everything is amazing.Not what I was expecting. Basically this place makes their po boys like banh mi. I wanted a classic po boy since I was in New Orleans for the first time. If you want a twist on a po boy then go for it. Bread is hard just like a banh mi and they have pork belly and shrimp.Gulf shrimp poboy and pork belly are a must. Make sure to wash it down with frozen Irish coffee.Been there wasn't busy at all, the place is hidden so you wouldn't find the name of killer poboy outside the shop 
Ordered the shrimp poboy was really good . The only thing  I thought was the bread was really hard but as taste it's greatWent there twice, first time had the shrimp "po boy" which was fabulous with layers of flavours. The second time had the beef which was just okay. As stated by another poster...these are not really po boys, they are small, 6 inches at best, and expensive for their size. $14.00 for shrimp and $13.00 for beef.
Best bang for the buck for po boys is definitely Johnny's!This review is just for the whiskey grilled cheese and service. The cheese was rich and delish, and sandwich a little greasy. Service is quite friendly, too. This little back room in Erin Rose can maybe seat around 15 but with everyone cozy. They also just started allowing credit cards.The shrimp in the PO boy sandwich was tasty but the bread was super hard and it took away from the experience.Went here based on reviews. Po boys were soggy and not good. Basically coleslaw on a bun w some shrimp. Have had so many better ones in NOLA. The bar seems like a very cool place but stick to the alcohol or maybe drink a lot firstFound the review on yelp and decided to check this place out. Get the pot belly po boy, you won't regret it.The Po Boy's here are outstanding. The place is small so it's A little cramped but I imagine that has a lot to do with the quality of the food. Definitely worth checking out.I got the braised pork belly po boy. I wish it had less cabbage on it. If you are looking for something quick to eat this is the place to go.Hidden gem if it can be called that in the heart of French Quarters. In the back of a cool hole in the wall bar. The Po Boys live up to the name. Quick simple menu with nothing else needed. 2-3 people in the kitchen with fresh ingredients. The grilled cheese is on point too! Loved the atmosphere and music too.We loved these poboys. We each had half a pork belly and half a shrimp. They were creative and delicious. They were almost like bahn mis. Better yet they are served in Erin Rose, a majorly unpretentious dive bar skips off of ridiculous Bourbon Street. They serve reasonable priced drinks and the bartender is terrific. If you're looking to get away from the cliche, this is the route to go.Reasonably priced po boys hidden in the back of the Erin Rose. We had to double back to find this place but it was worth it. I had the pork belly po boy, and it was delicious. We had drinks while we waited for the sandwiches to be made and then took them back to our hotel and devoured them. So tasty and open late.Pork belly poboy... Yes yes yes yes yesssss. Only took off one star because the portions were on the smaller side with no option for larger portion besides ordering another one.I was looking for a good sandwich spot so dropped by here because of the yelp reviews.  It was a long day and I was hungry so i ordered the shrimp and pork belly poboys.  About $20 later i was pretty stuffed.  Yes, I eat a lot... But the sandiwiches aren't big at all.
It wasn't a bad sandwich at all, but nothing spectacular.
But after eating, I realized I have no idea what a poboy is.  In California we call sandwiches like these banh mi ... and they cost $2 each!I had the braised beef and my daughter(the vegan) had the sweet potato po boy.  Delicious!  I would definitely recommend this place.Wow! Had the beef poboy. They make it from scratch in a 12-hour process, and it's wonderful, served with pickled onions. It's in back of the Erin Rose bar, which is a friendly place with decorations on every inch of the wall and ceiling. They had a small eat-in area by the order window and we sat at the table and finished the whole sandwich, which took some dedication as it was loaded. I had picked the pork until he described the beef to my friend, and I changed. Wish I was going to be here longer so I could go back and try the pork!I had read so much hype about this place, I've got to admit I was a little let down. I had the pork belly poboy, at the recommendation of a friend. Bread was good, toppings were tasty and juicy, but the meat itself was just roast pork with a layer of fat around it. It didn't look or taste like pork belly as I've had it before. It was a good sandwich, but for 11 bucks just didn't stack up. Back home in Denver, it's easy to find a $6 banh mi or torta that's better. Service was fast and polite, though.Hits the spot after drinking all night. The actual place is inside of Erin Rose in the way back. Very tight space. Anyway, ordered the pork belly po boy and it was pretty damn good. It could've used more veggies for my taste but delicious regardless. Add some hot sauce because why not. I'd recommend if you're looking for an alternative to traditional po boys.We only found Killer Poboys because of Yelp. It's in the back of a dive bar, and totally unexpected. The menu is short, but everyone really enjoyed their poboy. I had the shrimp one, and since I cannot eat anything spicy they made it for me with aioli that didn't have sriracha. $14 seems steep, but it's huge, will keep you stuffed, and tastes great. If you're looking for a poboy, Killer Poboys is definitely worth a visti.I really liked the shrimp Poboys but just wished the bread wasn't so hard and it wasn't even toasted.  The place is a little divey and it's hard to find at first. It's all the way in the back of the bar!Shrimp Poboy: not your typical Poboy. Has a more banh mi style with a lot of vegetables and spice. Wasn't impressed with the shrimp and vegetable ratio. Shrimp was huge and absolutely delicious but wish I had more. My last few bites ended up being only vegetables.OMG! First. Find the Erin Rose bar (there is no sign for Killer Poboys) and go all the way to the back of the bar to order at the little window. 
I had the shrimp Poboy which is kind of a cajun - bahn mi mashup. It was soooooooo good with the pickled carrots and daikon and whatever that yummy remoulade is... 10 napkins later, I was in a food coma and loving every minute of it.best poboys ive had in louisiana, especially if you want non fried options. REQUEST: please make a peacemaker. but always keep the dark and stormy.Terrific shrimp poboy... Grilled and topped with a marinated carrot and radish slaw.. Bread was crispy and tasty too. Want to try the eggplant poboy next time...Love the bar that it sits in...The Erin Rose.That shrimp poboy was better than any bahn mi I've had.  $14?! ouch.  but damn it was good. Huge shrimp perfectly seasoned.  great crusty bread. some kinda tangy sauce.  
I want another right nowI have tried to write this three times now, but truthfully cannot recall the specific combinations of meats and toppings used on the three different poboys I have tried here.  
I know that one of them was pork belly.  One was grilled shrimp.  And my favorite was spiced lamb.
The array of toppings, gourmet sauces and slaws that accompanied each sandwich were too complex for my mortal mind to render into words.  
For a transplant like myself the love affair with poboys began immediately upon realizing that you could put fried seafood on bread, but the honeymoon period wore off when I realized that it was essentially a submarine sandwich with stale bread that you couldn't get topped the way you wanted it.  "Dressed" meant boring.  
I have always thought that poboys need some type of sauce to help slide the carbohydrates down your craw.  Killer Poboys provides all the lubrication you could ever dream of.
They have about 4 different poboy combinations rotating daily and I have been there when it is both a ghost town, and a mad scramble.  All good pubs should have good grub and this one now does.
The poboys are all to die for, but I would pass on the "Jameson" grilled cheese.  It is some type of cheddar product soaked in whiskey, but it doesn't hold a candle to the poboys.Boy oh boy! Veggie food is hard to find in Nawlins', This place dished up a real killer veggie po-boy that had me drooling for one more - the flavours just exploded in my mouth! Tucked away behind a little bar, this place has minimal seating around the wall (with a great mural), and the staff are super friendly. They were piloting a new veggie po-boy when we were there, I can only wonder about it now :)The Erin Rose and Killer Poboys was recommended to me by John T. Edge of the Southern Foodways Alliance and I am so thankful he sent me here. The owners are exactly what owners of a small business should be... passionate and friendly.   Loved them!    Super friendly!    Poboys are chef-driven and very creative!  Awesome!   Thanks again John T.Wow! It's the pickled veggies that really make these sandwiches stand out--and the fact that the shrimp is grilled, not fried. Meatloaf po'boy is a hearty original--unforgettable! Not much sitting room, but worth a visit!So I never knew it could be so hard to find a good poboy in NOLA. Who would have known? 
So, on my quest to find a GOOD poboy I stumbled on this funky hidden spot. 
We initially walked right past it because of course I am looking for a big ass Killer Poboy sign. But of course it's actually inside Erin Rose all the way in the back of the bar. 
I will say, do NOT expect fancy dining. If that's what you are here for, don't bother or write bad reviews about it! However, if you are someone who appreciates good food from the "hole in the walls" this is for you. 
They offer fish, shrimp & pork belly poboys. We got the grilled shrimp poboys & added home made hot sauce made from scratch. The chef makes the sauce daily from her fresh picked peppers from her garden at home. How cool! 
I definitely reccomend this place for a quick and very tasty poboy. I will definitely come here again when I visit!Not authentic, tourist trap. Most importantly ...THERE WERE ONLY SIX SHRIMP?! Ive had a lot of Poboys in the city and no flavors of New Orleans here.When in NOLA celebrating my bachelorette party we had a tour guide of ours recommend this place for po-boys! He said it was a place that not many people know about since it is inside a bar. We knew we had to go. 
When we arrived it was late in the evening and of course we had to give the bouncer our ID's so he could verify that we were old enough to get inside. Once inside (a very small bar) we managed to get in the back to the Killer Po-Boys area and it was packed! So many people squished into the room. It was our turn to order and with my group I think we had one of everything to try. I opted for the "not po-boy" grilled cheese. Others enjoyed the shrimp and pork belly ones. We paid (cash) and while waiting ordered a few drinks at the bar. Eventually the room cleared out and it was just my group and a few others which made it a lot more comfortable. We managed to sit at the only table in the room (maybe 4 chairs total) and of course we took spots at the bar. The bartender was awesome and made sure we had everything we needed. 
Eventually our food started coming out of the kitchen and they were just calling out orders by name. When I heard my name I was excited to try to grilled cheese. It was warm, crunchy, gooey and just what I needed in my life. I split it with my sister which was a good idea since neither of us was too hungry. All the others in my group were telling me how good their po-boys were. The shrimp one had the best reviews! 
I am glad we found this place and I do think I would go back again and try a different one.My wife and I were on vacation in New Orleans and heard about this hole in the wall that had amazing po' boys. They are literally in the back of a small bar with about 20 seats. I ordered a beer and they brought out my grilled shrimp po' boy and I ate it outside.
The bread was so good, super crusty and chewy with huge chunks of shrimps. The sauce and condiments were so great!
I would highly recommend this place, the bar is very divey, but the service was great.Had an excellent fried shrimp po'boy and local beer here. I am no millennial but I sure felt like one scarfing those down in the back room of the bar where this place is located. Lovely young woman working behind the counter. Left quite happy.This is one of my favorite places to eat! Chef Cam is really gifted, always creative with his fresh ingredients! I dream about his pork belly poboys, so far he has made it 2 different ways both delicious ! The lamb poboy is amazing! I love that he doesn't use stale leidenheimer bread like most poboys around town instead he gets freshly baked vietnamese style french bread!! You're not going to get a better sandwich under 10 bucks and the service is great, always welcoming. Best hidden treasure in the city!!Amazing shrimp Po boy. The location is tiny and dark and dingy but the Po boy was fresh and deeeeeliciousI can't say enough great things about this place. First of all the po' boys are ridiculously good. My husband and I shared the shrimp and the meatloaf. Both were good but the shrimp was out of this world perfect. The place is def a dive bar and the restaurant is at the very back. Everyone is friendly and the service was great. We met some cool people there and hung out there for close to 5 hrs and had a wonderful night. Down to earth and a break away from the chaos of Bourbon St. My fav place so far in Nola.I ate hear a month ago and was really impressed. The Dark and Stormy poboy blew my mind; it was DELICIOUS! The pork belly and sauce was just awesome... Be ready to spend $10-12 per poboy and also know that the menu is extremely limited to 6-7 sandwiches. And if you're having trouble finding it, it's nestled in the back of Erin Rose bar.It's always great to come across a place that offers a veganized version of a local favorite. In this case, I was happy to find a roasted sweet potato poboy. The sandwich was tasty and really hit the spot after a few beers. And given the convenient location at the back of a bar, I could continue enjoying the local brews as I munched on my Killer Poboy. My only complaint is that the sandwich is a little on the pricey side for what you get. But to be fair, this place is smack in the middle of the NOLA tourist vortex, so what should I have expected?Wow. 
Wow.
Wow. Don't let the small menu fool you. Until I went to Peche on my last night in New Orleans, my Killer Poboys' shrimp poboy and salt and vinegar chips was *the best* meal of a trip chock-full of culinary wonder. Who would have thought that it would have come from a hole in the wall in the back of a dive bar? This place is truly incredible. I will be back every time that I am in New Orleans and I will not shy away from the MP on the menu. I will pay whatever they ask for to get that shrimp goodness again and again.This place is soooo good.
It's a cash only hole in the wall, at the back of a cool little bar called Erin Rose. All ingredients are super fresh and most cost $11. I had the pork belly Po' boy which was excellent. Good sauces and dressing. Medium size.
I will be back again to check put the rest of the menu.The rumors are true. This place is on POINT. Hidden in the back of an unsuspecting bar named "Erin Rose", the poboys here really were KILLER. I got the beef poboy and got the garlic aioli sauce instead of horseradish because I'm not a fan of horseradish. It was AMAZING! Highly recommend. Tiny seating area, probably can only fit about 8-10 people in the room total. No frills. No complaints. Just good food.This place was absolutely amazing. Glad I read comments before we went there because I would have never know it was in the back of the bar. We had the shrimp po boy and the meatloaf po boy and both are highly recommended.Killer Poboys was the best meal I had in NOLA (and it was vegetarian!!). They are in the very back of the Erin Rose bar. I had the sweet potato and spinach Poboys and it was honestly amazing. My boyfriend loved the shrimp Poboys but decided by vegetarian option was even better than his. It was delicious and Erin Rose is a fun bar as well.This place wasn't for me. Eating in a windowless room behind a stinky bar was a little off putting and felt dirty. I got the pork belly and it was ALL fat. I love pork belly but it was just too much, i couldn't even finish 1 half. The sauce and the coleslaw were very tasty, wish there was more of it on the sandwich. But they have a very strong following so maybe i got an off sandwich, but the whole scene wasn't for me.Hidden jewel for sure! Po'boy is amazing but the simple Jameson grilled cheese stole the show! Great "divey" Irish pub! Bring cash!My husband and I had researched the "best poboy in NOLA" prior to our visit. Our first meal in town was here, and we split the meatloaf and shrimp poboys. Even though both were worth every dime, we were both left wishing we had ordered 2 shrimp. The carrot/diakon salad was incredibly refreshing, the shrimp well marinated, and the sriracha aioli left us with just the lightest heat. Overall it was quite a delicious welcome to the city, and we plan on going back before the end of our visit.While the menu maybe limited the offerings that are on the menu are so consistently delicious it really doesn't matter. Make no mistake, "killer" is an understatement. With my hands sticky and my belly full, I ventured onwards to the bar to add a cherry on top of my meaty Pork Belly sundae .Graet food!!! Fresh ingredients!!!Shrimp po-boy not fried!!!! Homemade sauce!!!! Worth it to try!!!A great healthy option for the plant-based folks craving a New Orleans classic: The Po'boy.  Food was delicious, couldn't have picked a better spot. Service was friendly for the most part and meals were fairly priced.This may be one of the best deals in the French Quarter. A 16" crawfish poboy, plenty to share between two people, and it costs less than $10 per person. Add a soda, a bag of Zapp's, and a quick walk to Jackson Square and you've got yourself the perfect NOLA picnic. The spiciness of the crawfish was perfect, which tasted very fresh. The vegetables and quick smear of mayo really helped balance the flavorful crawfish. This was one of my favorite meals while in town.Absolutey the best non traditional Po Boy I've ever had. My vegan daughter had the roasted cauliflower one and my other had the seared shrimp with garlic aioli. My pork belly was amazing. The staff are also amazing. Because the ran out if sweet potatoes for an original order, they just gave us some collard greens that were also incredible and vegan at that. When I'm back in town, I'll run, not walk, back here.Be aware it is in the Erin Rose bar, so don't be surprised if you don't see a sign for it until you walk on. I had the pork belly po' boy and it was amazing! Definitely worth it! Do bring cash, as it is cash only.The shrimp poboy is banh mi inspired - with a carrot slaw, sriracha aoili and bread from a Vietnamese bakery. 
Interested in some rich, earthy flavors? The vegan poboy has a black bean spread - similar in texture to refried beans, roasted sweet potatoes and greens. Cumin is pretty present, but damn if it isn't good!
The staff are really nice, and we went twice on my trip to the Big Easy.A hidden gem tucked in the back of a bar in the French quarter... I didn't expect the food to be as fresh and creative as it was! 
Came shortly after it opened for lunch and had the shrimp po boy. It had toppings like a banh mi, fresh and crunchy veggies. But the star was the shrimp, lots of big grilled gulf shrimp! Should have tried the sides (potato salad, etc.)
Menu is pretty small (about 5 po boys & sides) as well as the dining area, wouldn't recommend bringing more than 4 people here. I'd recommend taking it to go. All and all a great spin on po boys in the French quarter!I was really looking forward to trying this place and I was glad I finally did. The shrimp poboy was my favorite! It was very flavorful. It reminded me a Vietnamese Banh Mi. My husband had the pork belly poboy and we both didn't like that one very much. The flavor was too sweet for our liking.Went here on Friday at around 4pm. I wanna say, it wasn't too great for us. We got the beef brisket po boy and the shrimp po boy. The beef brisket was just alright, I did like that the taste did get better every bite, but the first bite is what mostly counts. For the shrimp, the shrimp was good, everything else on it was really okay; not too much flavor. Service was decent though.Set inside a bar, way in the back, the menu is not huge but what they have, especially after a long night on bourbon street, is amazing. I had the porkbelly po'boy and the sauce and bread made it out of this world amazing. Just a whole in the wall, but really hits the spot.Killer Po Boys is incredible! It is located in the back of the awesome Erin Rose bar. All the items on the small menu are fresh, delicious, full of flavor and made with love! We ordered the pork belly po boy and the shrimp po boy and both were amazing!!! There are only a handful of seats so you may need to get it to-go if they are busy. We ordered ours to-go at first but by the time we got our food a couple of stools came open, which we happily sat and devoured our Killer Po Boys! They truly are "Killer"!DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!
These people do not know their asses from a hole in the wall.  Waited 15 minutes in line. Ordered and waited for 45 minutes for 4 sandwiches. At 7:30pm, they told people they were not taking orders for 10 minutes because they were "backed up". At 7:40, they told the people waiting "sorry, kitchen is closed, we ran out of bread". 
It's a shame, because the food was good.  Not great, but good.Chef inspired Poboys that will change your life!!!!  We go every time we visit New Orleans!!!  The French quarter desperately needed a tasty place like this!!!!Get the cauliflower sandwich on poboy bread. You don't gotta thank me. You will want to, but no need.We love the name and were pretty excited to try the food here. Upon entering we were nicely greeted and nicely assisted with understanding what makes their offerings different. Our order consisted of the Black Beer Beef Debris PoBoy (pickled peppers and green beans, horseradish sauce ($12)) and a BBQ Chicken Confit (ranch slaw, coffee BBQ sauce, red onion ($11)). We enjoyed both.
If you preference is Classic / Traditional PoBoy's then this is probably not the spot. If you are interested in something crafted and new, then include this place on your list.Loveeeeee the shrimp ! Was a perfect portion of bread, coleslaw,shrimp ratio.
The shrimp aren't fried they are grilled and big and delicious!!Not your mama's Poboy : so much mo bettah. Tired of the greasy fried mystery meat / seafood served at the tourist traps? Get fresh at Big Killer. I crave the Grilled Cheese. Their Shrimp are clearly recognizable and perfectly sautéed. Ok gotta go - mouth watering.Amazing! Originally planned on eating somewhere else but the line was too long. So happy we stumbled upon this place! Definitely authentic and original. Friendly staff. Perfect hole in the wall place. Menu was simple and refined.I won't lie, I've been a KPB fan for years. In a city consumed in traditional Poboys and meat, butter and heaviness, I LOVE being able to go grab something DELICIOUS, fresh and on the lighter side. I'm so happy that there are expanded options in this new space!! I love the veggie poboy and the traditionals but damn... the black beer beef is on point!! Pickled veggies, warm beer braised beef, a hint of horseradish from the house made horseradish aioli... OMG! Yum overload. I also love pimento cheese, and really enjoyed a chorizo special they ran. 
This place is great for families and a really great place to stop for a quick and yummy breakfast sandwich without the line. I can't wait for their new drink concoctions after they get their liquor license!
Besides all the great things I just mentioned, the owners are some of the most amazing, hard working and passionate people so you can feel really good about spending your money there.Let me just say, the seared shrimp po boy was slap yo mama good! The bread was fresh and crispy and the slaw they put on the sandwich was vinegary goodness. This was my first ever meal in New Orleans & I ended up going back on my last day there both times. The service was casual and friendly. I ordered a side of spicy potato salad & they have cans of wine and champagne! My friend ordered the pork belly po boy with a side of smothered greens which looked amazing as well. Next time, I will have to try the other items on the menu - they have breakfast po boys & whiskey grilled cheese which both sounded delicious as well. Okay, let me wipe the drool off my face!This was the best shrimp po boy that I have ever had. Full of flavor and not a long wait. Best 14.00 spent today!Awesome food!  Split shrimp and prom belly poboys between 3 people and plenty to eat. They added in the potato salad and it was outstanding!   Some heat but not overwhelming.  Would def order the same thing again!!Pork belly with a side of smothered greens, as recommended by the woman behind the counter. And she nailed it. The perfect combination of sweet and savory. 
This place is small. The music is loud. The decor is pure "lunch counter". Don't expect tablecloths and metal flatware. 
Do expect absolute deliciousness, quick and hot. And do expect friendly staff who seem to love what they do. 
Perfect for a quick lunch!I really wanted to like this place more but the pork bell was just too much fat for me to handle. I will try some of the other poboys the next time I'm in town. Still gets 3 stars because of the friendly staffYum! We popped in to grab a quick breakfast and save a sandwich for later. The chorizo sandwich was tasty with homemade chorizo, scrambled eggs, and guac. We took a smoked salmon sandwich to-go and ate it later, it held up well for a few hours...I liked it even better than the chorizo! The bread is banh mi style which I prefer, with a thin crispy crust and fluffy interior.Food was excellent. Don't pay attention to
Appearance. Very reasonably priced & excellent service.Have been a fan of the original location for years. The new spot may not be quite as gritty but it has just as much charm. The menu is more expansive. We had four different poboys and the the variety of combos and unexpected flavors were excellent. Standouts were the vegan sweet potato and the roast beef debris. Service was great and ambience is simple with a bit of joyful funk.I don't normally use Yelp, but when I do it's to give a dope spot their due.  Killer Poboys is and always has been one of the best sandwiches in the city.  If you want shitty quality seafood served on a tasteless leidenhiemer crouton then this isn't the place for you.  But if what you want is high quality product on incredible poboy bread then you've found heaven.  I've been here dozens of times and still can't wait to get back.  Keep on killin it you guys!Try the cheddar omelet poboy! It's unexpectedly delicious. Delightful! Love the location. The local vibe. Love the unusual choices for po'boys, 'cuz, you know, they aren't your usual fare. Give it a shot!When in Rome, right? I figured I needed to experience an authentic po-boy while I was in New Orleans. Anywhere I researched said that Killer PO-Boys was the place to go. It is very easy to miss, as there is not a sign outside. Instead, there is a skeleton with cross bones that represents their brand. Not knowing that ahead of time, can be tricky as I walked past it a few times. Although, frustrating at first, I did like the marketing tactic. When I walked in, I was surprised that there wasn't a long line. In fact, there was no one there at all. It was about 5 PM on weekday and when I say no one was there, I mean I couldn't even find anyone who worked there. In came in effervescent redhead whose name was...Red. She apologized for the short wait time and asked what she could get me. I told her I was a newbie and wanted to know what the most popular order was. She said hands-down the shrimp. I went with that. I told her I wanted it to-go and I also grabbed a water bottle. The place is somewhat small with not so much seating. It seems like a lot of people probably order to go. I went back to my room and was eager to devour. What I liked the most, was a spicy sauce that they use. It's a Homemade ingredient that is quite enjoyable. Warning, if you are not a spicy food fanatic you might not like this. That shrimp is cooked to perfection. Overall it was good, but not great. I was waiting for something to blow my mind and it never really happened. I think if you're in the area, going here is worth a try but I wouldn't go out of your way. I don't know how the other places do their po-boys,maybe other places pail in comparison. This was not as mine blowing as I wanted it to be. The prices are very fair and it is in a great location right near Bourbon Street.I read about this place in Bon Appetit and it was worth the visit. Their po'boy sandwiches are not your standard NOLA which makes them all the more delicious. 
The interior has some cute paintings, but it isn't meant for you to lounge all day. Service was fairly quick and polite. 
We ordered a BBQ chicken Po'Boy as well as a Shrimp Po'Boy. The BBQ was incredible and I'd highly recommend it. The shrimp was ok and reminded me of a banh mi.
The prices are a tiny bit steep for a sandwich but being they are quality fresh ingredients it is understandable. I'd definable recommend Killer poboys for foodie NOLA tourists!Recommend: pork belly.
Their cauliflower is interesting and their shrimp was okay. 
This location can serve persons under 21. Their other location cannot (because it is in a bar). However, both locations are very close to each other.
Poboy rant: I don't like Poboys. They have too much mayo on them. I wish I could take their pork belly, combine it with the daikon and carrot pickle, sriracha, and forget the mayo. 
November, Lunch. Decent crowd, but no wait for seats.This ended up being one of my favorite dishes in New Orleans. I had a standard po' boy elsewhere, so the fact that they had what I'll call exotic po' boys worked for me. I had the brisket po boy which came with a nice horseradish sauce blended in and some pickled string bean type things which I'm not a fan of generally, but they worked. 
Buddies had the pork belly and really liked them as well.Very  good shrimp seared poboy! Huge shrimp, balanced flavor! Will definitely return to hit up some more menu items.A hidden gem. Unique Poboys with a global twist. Small storefront but cozy seating and friendly counter service. I had the ham and pimento cheese Poboy and it was fresh and awesome. Try it out and you will not be disappointed. No seating outside but you can find a sunny spot inside at a table or small counter.The staff is great. They have some amazing vegan options. We stumbled on this place our first day in town and I'm so glad we did. Will definitely be back next time we are in town.First time to New Orleans... Read and heard so much about PoBoys.... And boy this place lived upto its reputation
They had a goat curry special poboy which was outstanding
It's a little pricey but well worth itThis is definitely not your traditional poboy. These were more like bahn mi. The bread is the same French bread (and really good). I enjoyed the grilled shrimp poboy - although I would avoid it if you don't care for garlic. The garlic aioli on the shrimp sandwich was HEAVY. My man got a chicken poboy - he said the chicken was too dry. Also way overpriced. 
Just go down to the corner store (outside of the French quarter) and get yourself an old fashioned fried poboy for 1/2 the price.Hum, this place was Ok but there are better and less expensive po-boys all over the French quarter. A bit pricey for the quality and quantity of foodNot bad po-boy.  Inventive stuff, but not entirely what I was looking for.  I know plenty of good places to get banh mi, but that wasn't what I was craving when I saw the po-boy sign.  
That being said, the sandwich was pretty good.  I had the pork belly. 
Glazed Pork Belly NOLA rum & ginger cane syrup, lime slaw, garlic aioli.  The lime slaw was was bit overpowering for the rest of the sandwich.Went here recently and really enjoyed my shrimp po'boy, honestly it tasted more like a shrimp bahn mi...but I really like those so I was pleased. I got the spicy potato salad as a side, I should have asked what made it spicy, it was very heavy on the whole grain mustard which is not for me, but I was happy with the sandwich and would like to return to try the cauliflower sandwich.Not a bad sucker for a Poboy of a sandwich. I had the Ham & Pimento Cheese Poboy. The ingredients included caramelized onions & peppers, creole mustard, and baby spinach. The combination of all the ingredients were pretty good. The creole mustard tasted acidic very similar to a pepperoncini but without the spice. The baby spinach, ham, and Pimento Cheese kept the Poboy sucker neutralized and balanced out the acidity from the creole mustard. I did however have trouble finding the taste of the caramelized onions. It was like trying to find a needle in a haystack but jokes on you; instead it's a needle stack and you need to find the single strand of hay... yikes! 
Anyways, don't give them a hard time. The service was very nice and they offered a nice selection of alcoholic beverages. Maybe next time I'll "Pokémon" it up and "Gotta catch (try) 'em all!" J-Dawg out!We decided to try this place on the recommendation of a site that lists vegetarian and vegan restaurants in various cities.  This place did have both vegan and vegetarian options, but they were very limited. 
This place is actually a bar out front, "Erin Rose," with the Killer Po Boys "satellite" shop in the back.  That's makes a big difference.  The difference is that the already limited number of options is even more limited.
boy 
I loved the Grilled Cheese Sandwich on Whole Grain Bread, burt the Po-Boy was not very impressive, and not as good as others I've had in the Quarter.  The bun did not have the same consistency, or chewy texture I've come to expect.  It was a good sandwich, but not great.  Also, note that prices are just for the sandwiches; nothing else comes with them.
Maybe I came on a bad day.  I don't know.  But, for me, the sandwich itself did not live up to expectations.  The service, on the other hand, was outstanding, friendly, and accommodating - exactly what one expects in New Orleans.I would really give this 3.5 stars but I've only been once so I'm giving it the benefit of the doubt. 
My main complaints:  the price is just too high for what you get. Even for that part of town. I work in CBD and could have easily gone 5 places within a few blocks with good or better poboys that give you more food,  and where you dont pay several dollars for a drink or chips. I paid about $20 for the roast beef poboys, a bag of zapps, and a sparkling water. Not even a beer! And the sandwich was half the size of other places. 
Second,  the roast beef was so salty I could barely enjoy it. And I like salt. A lot. I enjoyed the pickled peppers but together it ruined the taste of the beef. Maybe it was a bad day. I'd try something else if I went back.
The good points were they were really fast, had an interesting menu and lots of craft beer.  The woman at the counter was friendly enough.  I've heard good things so I would try it again but I don't recommend it if you're looking to get a good bang for your buck.My friends stepdad says that he hasn't liked a sandwich place in the 20 years he has been in the states but he LOVES this place. The pork belly and seared shrimp is the best. Roast beef not so muchI was nervous about visiting New Orleans as a vegetarian since most of the city's classic dishes are centered around meat and/or seafood. However, places like Killer Poboys saved the day! 
My friend and I came here around 5:30pm on a Thursday for an early dinner. I ordered the Roasted Cauliflower Sandwich (with romesco sauce, avocado, radish, and crispy kale). The sandwich came on whole grain bread, but I asked for it on a classic poboy roll instead. It was delicious! 
I didn't have a chance to go back during my visit and try the Cheddar Omelet Poboy or Roasted Sweet Potato Poboy, so I guess I'll have to visit NOLA again!MY FAVORITE POBOYS IN NOLA! I absolutely love this place, and everything I've tried has been incredible! 
When I first came here they were actually filming for an episode of Food Paradise, and the shrimp and chicken po-boys that we ate were the ones being filmed in the kitchen!! 
Since then, I've been back a handful of times and have tried many of their other menu items and all have been amazing. Their sandwiches are flavorful and non-traditional, with all kinds of different flavor combos, yummy sauces, and vegetarian options! The shrimp Po-Boy is their specialty and my favorite!! It's on a banh-mi bread and the veggie mix on it is insanely good. Their chicken po-boy smothered in their coffee bbq sauce is also amazing, but really feel free to try anything that sounds good to you because I've never been disappointed. However, whatever you get, get it with Voodoo chips!! Straight from Nola, and best chips in the world.The roasted cauliflower (on the po boy bread instead of the multigrain) is the best thing I ate all weekend. And I went to Seed. Don't miss out! #veganMade it by here for the soft open. Cam has done great things here. Always loved the original KP at the Erin Rose and this location didn't disappoint. If you are looking for fried food on bread, not your place. If you are looking for a real, fresh, interesting and killer po-boys, then this is where to go!!. It doesn't hurt that the staff and owners are awesome people, either.Really good -- and worth the visit. Go to the original location and grab a cocktail after you are done. It is a NOLA stapleI picked it out because this place offers something distinctively New Orleans, but which I can also eat: namely a well-reputed vegetarian poboy. They have a couple of other options and a nice drink selection, but the main attraction is the titular sandwich with roasted sweet potatoes, a pecan and black-eyed pea spread, and something that seemed like braised collards or another similar green. It doesn't get much more southern than that.
To be honest, I'm not a southerner and the taste profile was a bit sweet for me. It probably needed some hot sauce (which was available in store but which I did not have when I consumed my takeout sandwich elsewhere). But it was certainly well executed and a good mix of flavors, and I thought it sizable, filling, and better nutritionally than a lot of what I see around.
Given the difficulty of finding anything vegetarian (let alone vegan, which this is) around the French Quarter, I'm happy to endorse it as the local flavor. The shop is not a fancy restaurant but you can eat in; if taking to go, I'd bear in mind that the bread can get soggy if you leave it for too long.I was psyched to find somewhere close to where I was staying that sold veggie poboys...and of course, I opted for the whiskey grilled cheese. It had a little sweetness to it--almost like the "whiskey" is a rub they give to the bread before grilling? Otherwise, gooey, cheesey, delicious.
They seem to have a pretty good craft beer selection too (was sadly on my way to work). It was hot and muggy outside, cool and casual inside, and I would've loved to have a great cold beer for dessert. Next time. If I return to NOLA, I'll go back to KP.I had the gulf shrimp and hubs had the pork belly po boy. Altho the "meats" were good tasting, these po boys tasted like overpriced fusion Vietnamese Bánh mì. Alright but I probably wouldn't go back. I was really looking forward to a good po boy while in NOLA too.We REALLY enjoyed our lunch at Killer Po Boys.  My spouse asked repeated where we could find a good poboy.  We kept hearing about Killer Po Boy.  It was awesome.  I had the beef debris with pickled peppers and green beans poboy while my spouse had the grilled shrimp with slaw po boy.  Both were very well done.  We also tried a local IPA and root beer to drink.  Yum!  We highly recommend this little shop for lunch!I passed the place up twice because the name is not on the front of the building. It's just a skull,  crossed bones and a fleur dis lis. The seared shrimp poboy was good although the shrimp were salty. This is definitely not your traditional poboy spotFirst time visiting NOLA and definitely wanted to try a Po boy. I am vegetarian and could not find a vegetarian po boy anywhere I visited. My friends were going out to get a po boy and invited me to check it out- great decision! Had my first po boy experience with the roasted cauliflower one. 
Although I am not a vegan, I was told that this was vegan too. Highly recommended!My husband and I shared a Pork Belly Po Boy as he ate the meat and I ate the fat. It was made to perfection with the right amount of slaw to deem it bursting with deliciousness!
Other places may try to imitate but these are Killer sandwiches. 
Try the greens in case you are trying to maintain a healthy diet. 
Walk an extra block and you will be richly rewarded!Food is always great, but the counter help. Today's gal was not only unfriendly, but borderline rude. I live in the quarter and like the owners of this place. They need to be careful who they install as the face of the shop. I will be back of course, the food is worth the occasional rude counter girl.Our first meal in New Orleans did not disappoint. We got the pork belly and the shrimp - because then you get to try both....
Both were fantastic. Great beer selection, low key space. Awesome spot when you need a break from Bourbon St and just want some really good food.Chorizo Po Boy was delicious.  The potato salad was awesome!  I would have gone back for more if we were there longer.Glazed Pork Belly Po Boy!! Get it. This was the most memorable place that my group ate at on our trip to NoLa! Not your average po-boy - I would say it's more of a sandwich - but definitely the best sandwich I've ever had in my life. I went here three times during my trip and even brought one back on the plane home. I've also tried to the Shrimp and Scallop which are good too but nothing compares to the Pork Belly Po Boy! I still dream of it. I will go back to New Orleans for the oysters and seafood boils, but mostly for Killer Po Boys ;)First time here and the shrimp Po'Boy is so delicious with all the right combination of spice flavors and as side the spicy potato salad - nice creole taste! You must like spicy foodGreat food. I am vegetarian and my son is not but we both got delicious food . Even tho it was during the Mardi Gras parade time the service was quick and everything looked clean.had their bahn mi inspired poboy which was nicely spiced and the siracha aioli worked. The bread could be improved.
Seating was available, food came reasonably quick (order at counter) and  drinks were available from a fridge.
best (non-food) were the painted toilet seat covers used as decoration;)Wonderful cauliflower poboy...a full meal...and the braised kale side was  delish. The fact it is right next to The Museum of Death shouldn't stop you! You won't regret a poboy here!The shrimp P.O. boy is amazing! I just finished mine an am contemplating ordering another one.....Ordered the shrimp po boy that everyone raved about and it was total garbage. 
The shrimp was so salted that it just tasted like I was eating salt. Salt on salt on salt. The pickled radish/carrots helped to cut through the salt, but overall... it was just a flavor buzzkill. 
Disappointed by the flavor, the overwhelming hype around it and the price for a bad faux banh mi.The poboys here are delicious!!! They do not skimp on the ingerdients and the ingerdients are all very fresh!!! Their sauces have amazing flavors that are well developed.  Highly recommend the poboys!!!It always makes me happy to see vegan and vegetarian menu items! Ate there with a bunch of people before seeing a show at the Sanger. Everyone seemed to really enjoy their meal. I had the Roasted Cauliflower Sandwich. Great flavor but as often an issue with vegan/vegetarian sandwiches the texture was mushy making it less enjoyable to me. And they've got wine in a can!Loved the food and atmosphere. One of the most delicious poboys ever! Definitely worth another visit!I came here for a quick bite with the boyfriend. We got a seared shrimp poboy to share. The shrimp tasted fresh and were tender, the bread was perfectly crispy and not hard at all, and the pickled veggies added some much needed zest. They had paper towels and good Louisiana hot sauce on the table. This was an affordable option for a laid back lunch in the quarter. 
restaurant was self serve
did not use the bathroomSo very delicious. Worth a trip. Very friendly service with a nice selection of craft beers. Grab a PoBoy, a crisp beverage and a bag of Zapps chips and take a seat in their air conditioning. Good times, no wonder they needed to add a second location around the corner from the Erin Rose (original location, equally delicious with a slightly different menu).Holy moly this place is good.
So good we went back for seconds.
I had the beef debris both times with a side of grilled cheese.
My wife had the chicken the first time and the pork belly the second time. 
All the above mentioned sandwiches were more than excellent.
I'd give 6 stars if possible.Got lost finding the spot. It was inside a bar in the back & had 5 menu items to pick from. The pork belly poboy was sO delicious nonetheless! would come back next time !3.5 stars for the Shrimp Po Boy
This place is much bigger than their bar location & has more selection of po boys, so suggest coming here!
Seared Shrimp Po Boy ($13) - the bread had a crispy yet soft texture to it. Shrimp was huge and delicious! The sriracha aioli, herbs & cucumber complimented the sandwich. However, the daikon radish & carrots were way too much. The slaw taste is fine the first few bites, but the bitterness just really overpowered the sandwich. I suggest asking for less daikon, so you can enjoy the shrimp sandwich itself
When I tasted my bf's pork belly sandwich, wow, that was a winner. Juicy, tender pork & great flavors! I'd definitely get the pork belly sandwich over the shrimpThis was my second time here and once again it was amazing. The pork belly poboy and shrimp poboy were the best.Based on these great reviews how could this place go wrong. It does. Meh is the best word to describe the po boys. Tried both the shrimp and braised beef and was very disappointed. Not a big serving and no where near authentic. Salty and watery. 
Plus 40$ for two sandwiches and iced tea. Keep walkin by this place.My first time in NOLA and it was my first meal. Small quaint place, order at counter and grab a number. Very nice lady who took our order and meal came out fast. Ordered my first PO Boy, grilled shrimp, with cucumber and carrot daikon slaw. I believe traditional PO boys are breaded shrimp but this was a delicious treat, loved it! Had my first can of wine here also, had not seen any in Arizona.You have to go here! They have this location and the window inside the Erin Rose pub not far away. 
1. Vegan and Veg friendly
2. Don't go too late in the day (They ran out of bread when we were there! We got the last few rolls!)
3. Different combos and interesting toppings.Poor rendition of a po-boy. This place should call their sandwiches something else and not get people hopes up for a po-boy. First I'll talk about the bread- New Orleans is known for its French bread but this is not what this place uses(go figure.) the top bread was hard, the bottom bread was soggy. Tried the shrimp and the meatloaf. The shrimp did not have any flavor and the meatloaf was..........I'm not really sure what to say the meatloaf was. Let's just say I tried two bites and couldn't finish it. I guess when I'm in New Orleans I want Cajun cuisine that New Orleans is known for and this did not live up to that reputation. On a good note my husband, who tried the meatloaf, pork belly and shrimp sandwiches said that he liked his pork belly.My friend and I tried several things from here. The BBQ chicken was good. I didn't care for the pork. It had way to much fat and no meat. I really enjoyed the shrimp. The spicy potato salad was ok. I can see how some people would like it. The spicy watermelon was unique. The people are really friendly and quick. I plan on trying more.Had the Gulf shrimp poboy for lunch--delicious!!! Great service and mouth-watering sandwich. Will return. Highly recommend.Got the BBQ chicken Poboy and it was not what I expected at all. Thought the chicken would be more tender and the BBQ more tangy, however it was far from either of those. Many in my group were disappointed in the beef and seafood Poboys as well. Hard to eat, messy and below average.Highly recommend!!!!! delicious poboys and they have vegan options!Poboys were a MUST try on my NOLA bucket list. Coincidentally  Killer Poboys was located a street corner away from my hotel. Rated one of the top spots for this dish-I was extremely excited to try out this joint! A small old town sandwich shop feel, if you don't go early you will catch a line up. 
The Poboy is a turnover of th bahn mi sandwich with more authenitcally rich southern flavours - like glazed pulled pork in sugar cane syrup,ham & pimento cheese, braised beef debris, BBQ chicken confit, cheddar omlette, housemade chorizo, smoked salmon and the roasted sweet potato for our vegetarians.  
I ordered thr seared shrimp (4/5- the one I tried came with coriander, lime spice, sirarcha aioli, herbs, daikon radish, carrot, cucumber) the wait time was quite long-20 mins. We came with a larger group distributed over couple of tables-so we realized later the waitress had delivered my poboy to the wrong table. By the time I got it- it was cold, and bread soggy hence the 4/5 but the flavours will stil just as intense. The grilled shrimp was very nicely marinaded and the dikon added a crunch found in a good bahn mi! I was so hungry I ate all of my po boy realizing I didn't take a picture of it! (apologies) 
With a drink and poboy- it will come out to less than 20$. I fell the kitchen is small, and low on staff the waiters get overwhelmed (understandable) but still doesn't compromise for long wait times and confused service.
All in all, glad to try out the Nola bahn mi!So we hit 2 very positively rated Po Boy shops while in NOLA.
This was the "nontraditional one" and it was just great!
Small, casual, storefront....maybe 12 tables.
Local gourmet sodas and a few craft beers (and Miller High Life tallboys for the hipsters..lol..kidding ..it was my grandfather's beer and I still like them from time to time)
They offer maybe 10 different sandwiches offered per day.
I had the Glazed Pork Belly Po Boy  for $11. It  had NOLA rum & ginger cane syrup, lime slaw, garlic aioli...AWESOME!
My dining partner who shall be nameless (LOL) tried to eat healthy while on vacation..NOT!
She got the Roasted Sweet Potato for  $10--blackeyed pea and pecan spread, braised greens.......I tried a bite..."umm...NO!...maybe if I was a vegan ..IDK...nto my cup of tea.
Next time I would try something more like the :
Seared Gulf Shrimp Po Boy--coriander lime spice, sriracha aioli, herbs, daikon radish, carrot, cucumber..or the 
Housemade Chorizo Po Boy-yard eggs, avocado, black beans, salsa verde, queso fresco.Got the shrimp poboy. It's was so good. No frills about it just a great easy meal straight to the point. Go early or late to avoid the linesenjoyed the off brand chips and almond cola that went w my po boy. the cook came over and asked if i enjoyed my sandwich and he was sincere when asking..w.hich i replied it was excellent, and it brought a smile to his face.This is an awesome Po'boy spot. 
I had absolutely no complaints about the seared po'boy I ordered. I also love the cold drink selection they have in the coolers by the counter. Since I was in NOLA, of course I went with a cold can of Abita Amber to wash down the po'boy which I most definitely recommend to everyone.
The only complaint for this location is how small it is and how busy it gets. This is definitely a location where there will be a rather long line around lunchtime, especially on the weekend. When I went, the line was just about out the door. 
I also noticed that tables were completely full with no where to sit, not that it mattered to me since I was getting takeout. Just an FYI.Had the ham and cheese and the shrimp. Really liked the ham one. Sure would have liked more cheese tho. It was good.  Another thing u had to get used to is the condiments were ice cold on a warm sandwich. 
The shrimp one was like other reviews I read - fishy and salty. I would not order that again. 
Had the orange satsuma soda and the voodoo chips. They were sweet and spicy.  Very good.Searching for a vegetarian PoBoy brought us here. They are a small nice place. Very friendly. The sweet potato poboy is good. I did need to add a bit of hot sauce as my tongue was craving for some hotness. The sandwich was decent sized and was filling.They have a nice selection of options for veggies and vegans.  I requested roasted cauliflower as a side option and though it wasn't on the menu they honored my request.
My partner got the grilled shrimp poboy but we must've came on the day when they were light on shrimp.  He only ate half the roll with the amount of shrimp they gave him.  It was cool all and all; staff was nice.Had the cauliflower po-boy. It comes with an amazing romesco sauce. The cauliflower was perfectly cooked. Not crunchy or soggy. The bread was really fresh and flavorful.Great variety of poboys. Excellent vegan and vegetarian options. Every item on the menu is delicious!I'm actually from miami and I was highly recommended to try the shrimp po-boy. The shrimp po-boy looker very appetizing; the bread was a fresh french baguette, Vietnamese sauce with cucumber, carrots, and slightly seasoned shrimp. This is a good stop if you want a break from all the Creole places around the french quarters. The only reason why I gave this review a 4/5 is because I felt the restaurant could of been cleaner.This is a must visit for foodies! The sandwiches are A-amazing!! Shrimp po boy is delicious. The vegetarian options are wonderful  too. The service is so warm and friendly. Love it, love it!!I wanted
Traditional and this was the only place that was open. Who puts carrots in a poboy. They also ran out of tea.  And it wasn't sweet.  This is New Orleans not Seattle!Very good, have vegan options and everything seems really fresh - only side note the side greens are a little sweet for my taste but were good inside my sandwich ! Nice little place close to all the attractions in New Orleans !I had never had a poboy before but apparently I HAD to (according to my mother) if I was coming to New Orleans. This place had so many options, especially since I'm not much of a meat eater. The counter girl was quick and super nice, we had a few laughs together. My sandwich was delicious. They use a lot of organic ingredients and cage free eggs, if you're into the sort of thing. Would definitely go back if I'm back in the area.This place boasts a menu dedicated to poboys...you really can't go wrong with their selection - bring a few more friends so you can try as many kinds as you can!!decent atmosphere, great service, great location. but nothing to absolutely rave about here. poboy of this quality are a dime a dozen in nola. plenty of better places in the French quarter.  also I can't justify paying $15-20 for a poboy with no sides. it's a sandwich, should be half the cost.Nice, clean, fresh, and local spot to grab a quick bite. We ordered and shrimp po boy and the pork belly po boy. Both were great and won't disappoint...that is if you already know what you are getting into on the pork belly. If not, you may be let down by the slices of pure pork belly fat...which is glazed and mighty tasty, but could disappoint some if they aren't used to it. Also, make sure to get the watermelon salad....I can't explain how interesting the first bite was...it will completely twist your mind, but leave you looking for more.Four stars for their pork belly sandwich! We bought their salmon, chorizo, shrimp, grilled cheese, and pork belly Po-Boys. The best was the pork belly!Was in New Orleans for a conference and went here for a quick dinner. It was just fine, a typical order-at-the-window kind of place. I wasn't feeling great, and just got a grilled cheese, which was fine, nothing special. I wouldn't go out of my way to return, but would go back if it was convenient.I got a shrimp po boy to go yesterday and it was so good! I didn't even get to eat it right away and it still tasted great! It's more like a banh mi but after reading the description that's what I expected. I highly recommend and will be back!These poboys: They are pretty killer though. They're definitely of the non-traditional, creative variety. 
Once I ordered this eggplant poboy. I think it was a special that day cause I only saw it once, as I mentioned. It was this charred, caramelized eggplant deal. There was fresh basil involved. The sandwich concoction had a touch of a Vietnamese essence, besides the fact that the bread used is like the roll of a banh mi. I'm talking about the flavor combos, I mean, maybe even a Chinese feel... like maybe there was a breath o' the wok, or some possible hoisin? 
Let me annoy you with my sandwiches of yore musings... It must have been a special. 
Listen, it's not like me to not be locked in on the particulars, but this was a whiiile back. This is from a while-while back, back when we frequented the original location in the back of The Erin Rose: Little Killer.
As multiple shared names exist between us in my family, we do that too: There's a Big John, the older, and Little John, the younger. Me too. In my fam, even at this ripe old age, I'm still know as "Little Kathleen," named after my Aunt... 
but, just fyi, it's also used sarcastically, like how you'd maybe call a hulking goon, "Tiny." 
Anyway, dug Big Killer a lot. We definitely liked this newer, larger location. Appreciate the earlier hours, too. Cause sometimes maybe you want an innovative poboy for breakfast- a lil something different for yourself, as early as 10 AM. 
I'm a fan of the sweet potato po boy. The nice light n crispy long roll was full of roasted sweet potatoes, black eyed peas, pecan spread, and juicy greens. I hit it with some hot sauce, as usual. Tasty biz. Same with the ham and pimento cheese poboy, piled with peppers and caramelized onions. Tasty. For real. Stole some bites of the house made chorizo too, and I'd do it again. My man enjoyed the seared shrimp dressed bahn mi style.
Good eatin here. Newfangled poboys! Killer.Down and Dirty! If you want a quick poboy while in NOLA and in the Quarter, this is your place. I had the Beef Debris and it was sooooo good. Imagine a pulled pork, with beef brisket, that has probably been sauteed in some of the brisket fat. Then there is the creole mustard and pickled veggies (onions, green beans and such). The bread was perfect, too. 
My buddies had the pork belly poboy (joker took out all of the pork belly because there was too much fat! Srsly) and creole shrimp, that had full sized shrimp, not the tiny silly mini-shrimp.  I think I won that meal!When itravel for food,  itry to go the off beaten path but few me to this place was the familiar decor it had to say a new sandwhich spot in brooklyn.  Sheet scouring the menu and debating over the house-made chorizo or the seared shrimp, iwent with the latter.
On first bite very deceiving because i wrote it off as being okay. Second bite, wow. Nice blend of flavors. A tad pricey at 13 bucks for a shrimp sandwhich littereed with about 7 shrimps. As i neared completion of meal, i began to think that this "artisinal po boy" reminded me of a viatanemese sandwhich.Check this place out for a little different spin on a Poboy.  I've had them before at other place, but I'm not a huge fried food fan so not crazy about them.  We found this place near where we were staying and decided to try it.  Their menu is a little different a gives you an opportunity to try a Poboy made in a few different ways.  Very tasty!  Doesn't look like much from the outside but worth giving it a try.It was our first time in New Orleans and we wanted some po boys. We were very happy with our choice. We got there about 7pm on Sunday and it was about half full. The staff was friendly enough and the service was pretty quick. We tried the Pork and the Beef sandwiches. The Pork was the best - an awesome flavor to their glaze. It's a little expensive for just a sandwich with nothing else, but we'd still go back again.Simple sandwich not bad hungry and can eat anything now. Not crowded so order came fast.Day 3 in New Orleans and I was on the hunt for something healthy (i.e. vegan, veggies, anything not smothered or fried). Surprisingly, Killer Poboys has a few items on the menu that fit the bill. I opted for a non-poboy option: the roasted cauliflower sandwich on whole grain bread (romesco sauce, avocado, radish, crispy kale). So good!  Seriously one of the best sandwiches I've had in a while. It was savory, flavorful, and comforting. What more can you ask for?  Service was fairly quick at lunch. The place is small, so seating might be an issue for larger groups. I grabbed my lunch to go. Very happy to find this place. You will be too.If in NOLA, this is a must. Many restaurants out here have po boys, but if you want the best tasting one, you must come here. I wish I would have had more time to come here every day so I can try their different sandwiches. I went with the shrimp which was a huge sandwich (no need for a side) and it had about 10 shrimp (very generous). The flavors were fresh, tangy, and mouthwatering. The bread was super soft and yet slightly crispy on the outside. Beware that there is another one location that isnt this. Also, it is kind of hidden with a small sign outside. Worth everything & more! They also have a lot of vegetarian options!Great service, and delicious food. I tried the venison PO boy. The meat was delicious but the pickled onion was not for me. I recommend it though .Delicious lunch option. I enjoyed the shrimp po boy with a local bourbon cream soda. Absolutely delicious. The sheimp Po Boy has a wonderful tart, and acidic carrot and cucumber almost slaw with seared seasoned shrimp. The shrimp are plentiful, large and cooked perfect. My fiance enjoyed the special, the goat Po Boy which featured a mango and habanero salsa with curried goat. Great spice factor, and cooked wonderfully. Just a pricey option. We got two poboys a soda and one beer and totalled at $38. Overall great food.Killer for a reason ... so good! 
First time I was able to enjoy goat meat ... and always try the day's special ... knowing I'll enjoy taste and texture - without doubt!A.M.A.Z.I.N.G!! Was torn between the seared shrimp and pork belly. Went with the shrimp and it was perfect. The flavors of the shrimp and slaw married together very well. Was refreshing and filling. I still had the pork belly on my mind so they made me a deconstructed one to take on the plane. Needless to say it didn't make it 2 hours before I ate it. Both were very delicious. Perfect flavor combo and much more tasty than the traditional po boy. Will visit again.Solid vegan options here. The best is the roasted cauliflower sandwich - they'll put it on po boy bread if you ask. Comes with pickled radishes, crispy kale,  and an avocado spread. Also can't go wrong with the whisky grilled cheese. I don't want to tell you how many I had in my one week in New Orleans. (Four. I had four.)Awesome little spot.   Loved the Shrimp Poboy.  Super friendly staff and quick service.  Off the beaten path so not crazy busy.Super Nice staff, We were the first customers of the day before leaving LA. What a treat to have had the pleasure of making this our last meal. PoBoys were on point. Only 4 stars as I think they should have added some fries with the meal.As someone who had never had a Po boy before, I don't really understand the excitement. It tasted fine, but I wasn't blown away. It has a very hole-in-the-wall vibe. Also very hipster. The staff are nice and accommodating.Stopped here for a quick bite to eat. Got the glazed pork belly poboy and it was delicious. The lime coleslaw really complemented the pork belly and the whole poboy was perfect. The bread was also toasted perfectly. The service was really nice and fast. Would definitely come back again.The Po boy sandwiches were delicious. Gotta try the seared shrimp. Our favorite! Super affordable.So disappointed. We were so excited to try the food here. We got the debris poboy. It was missing half of the ingredients listed and barely any peppers or beans so it was pretty flavorless. My husband had a pork belly and it was not crunchy and just really soggy. The menu sounded promising but the execution wasn't there!Better poboys than some of the more upscale restaurants I visited. I had the chorizo poboy which isn't very traditional and it was quite good except the chorizo was a bit dry -- nothing a bunch of hot sauce couldn't fix.Ordered the bbq chicken and the shrimp subs, I paid $26.24 and it was not worth it at all. My bbq chicken had more radish than chicken and my shrimp tasted salty. I read the reviews and thought it would be the perfect place to eat at since we were exploring French Quarter but I was so wrong, would never come back.When my husband, a picky eater, has to come to eat their po'boys for 3 straight days, you KNOW it's good! My favorite was the pork belly. Seriously in the top 3 sandwiches of my entire life.This may be the best kept secret in the French quarter. Great, inventive twists on traditional po' boys. Fresh new flavors. No crowds at the Dauphine location. Just great food!I tried the shrimp and the beef po-boy! They were both so tasty! The staff here is super friendly and nice! Po-boys are French baguette sandwiches with pan seared shrimps or meat ( I didn't know that). The best authentic food I tried in New Orleans, excepting fine dining!Ordered the pork po boy. The meat was all fat. Could not even enjoy one bite without pulling the meat out to pull the fat off. On top of that all the meat was on one half of the sandwich. What a let down considering I did all this research before traveling to NOLA and thought this was going to be the best po boy ever. The reason I gave two stars was the sauce and slaw that was in the sandwich. That was at least enjoyable.We got the Glazed Pork Belly and Ham and Pimento Cheese Poboys. Both were very good but the ham and pimento cheese was exceptional. This is a great place if you want a poboy that isn't the usual fried seafood or roast beef.It's good, not mind-blowing.  Husband got the whiskey grilled cheese which was delicious.  A tad overpriced in my opinion, but it is to be expected.  I had the BBQ Chicken Confit Po'Boy And it was pretty good.Hands one, one of the BEST Poboys in town! There are two locations for this, but my favorite is the actual mini restaurant on Dauphine st and not in bar off Conti st. 
I've tried every single one of the poboys and they were delicious! Beef was by far my favorite, super juicy which is important in my poboys because a lot of places make them so soggy that the sandwich falls complete apart. But not here, all of there poboys were so tasty with the perfect bread! 
This is a must try! Veggie option was also super yummy !I am not one to leave reviews, but I had to come to say that the Pork Belly Poboy is truly one of the best sandwiches I have ever had in my life.  I was in town for a conference for six days and went back a second time on my way out of town just for the sandwich one more time.  It is an ABSOLUTE MUST!!!I tried this place twice because it boasts vegetarian options, but the cauliflower sandwich was dry, tasteless, and awkward to eat. The omelette po-boy was tasty but so chewy it made me gag, I had to throw it away. I gave at least three stars because the service is nice and the effort to offer out-of-the-ordinary food choices is appreciated. Could bee better.It's called 'Killer Po Boys' for a reason. KILLER PO BOYS! Great atmosphere and really cool staff.Got the Seared Shrimp po boy...it was delicious!!! They had a nice variety of menu items as well. Def will go back againThis is the only place you can get a curry goat poboy. Yes that's a curry goat poboy. It's got a Mango salsa. It's blend curry spice and sweet Flavors. They also have a meat loaf poboy that is super hearty. This is not the place to get your standard poboy. There are a hundred places to get them in NOLA but there is only one Killer Poboy's.GO HERE! Forget any other poboy spot and come here instead. Everything on the menu is awesome, crafted with great ingredients. I got the seared shrimp, it was out of this world. The ingredients were on point and everything was fresh. We tried Johnny's a few days later and it did NOT compare.Last time I was in New Orleans back in 2011, I went looking for a vegetarian version of a po'boy and couldn't find anything worth trying. What a difference this time! I dropped by Killer Poboys for lunch and asked the friendly woman at the counter whether she recommended the roasted sweet potato po'boy, or the cheddar omelet one. She recommended the cheddar omelet one with roasted sweet potato added, so I went with it. It was delicious! The bread was just the right texture, not heavy or doughy, and the cheese sauce on the omelet was absolutely delicious. The sweet potato added some substance and was roasted perfectly, still creamy and a bit caramelized. I tossed some hot sauce on there and it was just wonderful! 
I also got a side order of spicy potato salad. It was good, slightly spicy because of the mustard seeds mixed in. But next time I think I'd skip it -- the sandwich was enough on its own, and the mustardy taste of the potato salad kind of clashed with the flavorful sandwich. 
I highly recommend Killer Poboys and will be back again for sure the next time I'm in town!I tried the cauliflower sandwich and the sweet potato poboy. I was hoping for more flavor on both. It was just okay, not something I would go back again for. It was kind of disappointing actually because I was hoping for a delicious vegan poboy.Big ups to that glaze on the pork belly po'boy! Truly unique. The shrimp po'boy was just okay though.Amazing poboy!  I have always stayed clear of poboys due to the amount of bread and "friedness" but this spot converted me for life!  Grilled shrimp poboy is the thing to try!!!Have been here many times. Great food,staff and atmosphere.  Love the sides! Great place to bring family and friends that are in town.Went here while on vacation in NOLA. Was really looking forward to trying the vegan Poboys because they came highly recommended. The two that we got were okay, but needed salt and spice. They were sort of bland. Also, why not have a protein like tofu or seitan on your vegetarian/vegan options? The service was fine and accommodating, but I was really expecting better. 
If you are looking for an awesome vegan poboy, then you should check out Seed!Best vegan poboys in town. Every sandwich on the menu has a unique flavor. Gotta try em all. Cute space with local art and flair. Definitely would recommend to anyone who likes a good poboy sandwich. And local beers too. Great lunch.If shrimp poboys don't turn you on, try Killer Poboys.  This place is the bomb!!  We had a cheese omelet poboy that was fabulous.  Our group also had the salmon poboy (cold) -- which was gobbled down.  The chicken poboys were terrific.  Best poboys we've ever had.
When you first walk in, the location doesn't look promising.  And this place is not fast; it might take 10-15 minutes to make a group of four their poboys.  But totally worth the wait.  And I loved the soft drinks:  The cream soda and the almond cola soda are fantastic.  
Next time I am going for their world famous pork belly poboy.Nice local beer & chips I got the shrimp po boy good bun and filling except the shrimp had very weird after taste like battery acid couldn't finish the sandwich- definitely pricey for the portion maybe other items are good but not a place for meShrimp poboy is a must. It's a cool play on banh mi. Honestly though, everything they make is awesome. A must have when in NOLA.We read this place was amazing and were eager to try it out after a morning of shopping. On the way, our Uber driver (born and bred in the French Quarter) gently recommended another option for Po' Boys. We gave the reviews more credence than the local reco...huge mistake. How do I put this? It wasn't tasty and the service was meh. The funky logo and the restaurant vibe was fine but the food did not seem fresh. My husband made it thru his but I settled on eating bagged chips for lunch. Great location, fun idea...get it together in the kitchen.Very good poorboys all round! I order the chicken confit with BBQ sauce. Not your traditional style bread & it is always soft. The wait time is quick. They even gave me a discount for working on Bourbon!Very clean! Server washed hands before serving.  We had chorizo and a chicken poboys sandwich! Yum! We also had a mimosa.Killer Poboys is a great twist on New Orleans style poboys.  Normally a poboy is your typical French bread, lettuce, mayo, and meat.  Killer Poboys takes the sandwich to a more artisan and local level.  I ordered a blackened shrimp style poboy that had a banh mi type finish.  It was very good and the shrimp was very fresh.  The employees were very helpful and made sure we were satisfied.  This is a great place to check out if you want to try some awesome new flavors.  This is not the place to come for a typical poboy.  I would think most are open to a change.Delicious and affordable. Great to have some interesting and yummy vegan and vegetarian options in New Orleans.  We got the Cheddar Omelette Po Boy and the Cauliflower Po Boy.   Service was friendly and quick.   But the restaurant was freezing!   It was 62 and raining outside and the AC was blowing!   We'll go back for the awesome food, but with jackets next time!Whoa! Delicious sandwiches and sides. Po-Boys with flair, on point. Friendly, very fast service. I was thrilled to find this shop during a busy day in the French Quarter. A must visit!Cool place which unfortunately did not meet expectations.  First heard about it thru Michael Murphy's book All Dat. It was top of his list for Po'Boys.  Claim to fame was an eclectic variety using ingredients not found elsewhere.  Another local told me that Killer used Vietnamese bread.  My wife and I split a Sweet Potato Po'Boy with braised greens, pecan spread, and black eyed peas.  It was excellent and unique.  Why it lost stars is a limited selection, limited run down seating, and being closed on Tuesdays.  Too hipster grunge for my taste.  I thought the ambience, seating, menu selection was much better at Mahony's on the corner.The grilled shrimp po boy is the best sandwich I've ever had. Hands down. The bagette was baked to perfection, with a crispy exterior and soft interior. The siracha aoli was added to the radish and carrot mixture at a perfect ratio. And the shrimp were well marinated and grilled excellently. I have nothing bad to say. If you're in the area, this is a must eat.I prefer the smaller menu selection of the Killer Poboys located inside of Erin Rose, more so than the brick and mortar offerings at this location. Inside this small, one room dining area are approximately 10-12 tables, you order at the counter, get a number and your food is brought to you. I ordered the Pimiento Cheese and Ham Po Boy and added a can of beer. The cashier said my total was $17. I asked how much the CAN of beer was and she replied $6. I opted to have just water instead. I know that a six pack of that particular beer is only $9 at Rouses's so I chose not to buy into that insane markup. Food was delivered in short order and it was picture perfect. However, I didn't see any pimiento cheese on my po boy. It's bright orange, right? The po boy itself was quite small for the $10 pricetag. I'd say the sandwich was maybe only 10 inches. 
Overall, the food and experience was middle of the road. Quality ingredients, but quantity and price is high for this particular type of offering. It IS called a "po boy" for a reason.I'm ded. So very good! I had the classic beef poboy. The texture of the filling, the juiciness, the bread - all amazing.For someone who doesn't like shrimp, the Seared Shrimp Po Boy was pretty tasty. The sandwich had 7 large shrimp on it with a carrot slaw and tangy & spicy mayo. This place was recommended to me by another Yelp contributor, and I am impressed. Not the place to go if you are looking for a traditional po boy because they do things with a twist and extra flair. Fun place.Located in a great dive bar, these po boys were amazing. I got the glazed pork belly which is exactly what I needed after a night out of drinking.Fire but word of caution don't spend all day drinking then eat three shrimp Po boys you'll have the burps for days.Wow!!!  Super amazing!  Different but absolutely killer PoBoys. The Ham and Pimento cheese is phenomenal!Service was great and food was served quickly after ordering. 5/5
Food, on the other hand, really disappointed me. I was excited to try new flavors in a poboy but I quickly realized I should've just stuck to what I know. We tried the shrimp, pork belly, chorizo and a special (which was curried lamb I believe). For sides we ordered, and didn't like, the spicy potato salad and the greens. The potato salad was too spicy and the peppers used should've been chopped into  smaller pieces. The poboys had weird flavor combinations that to my taste didn't go well. 2/5
Overall, I was disappointed and will not recommend or return to Killer Poboys. I'll stick to traditional poboys.Nice atmosphere, great employees, clean restaurant. My first ever poboy so don't have something to compare it to, but I did enjoy itKiller Poboys were really killer! Had the seared shrimp one with diakon, cilantro, cucumbers, carrots, and sriracha. It reminded me of a banh mi, super good and lots of flavor. The bread was crispy with lots of shrimps. Loved! Oh I would avoid the potato salad, it was just ok.If you're looking for traditional po boys, this isn't the place, but the sandwiches are delicious. Had the seared shrimp po boy with a side of spicy potato salad. Both were great and there was virtually no wait to get our food. Solid sandwich shop.Exceedingly inviting. Superbly delicious. Really appreciate the flavor balance and care put into the vegan option - the roasted cauliflower Poboy. Highly recommend!Yum, hit the spot. I had the shrimp poboy, it was perfect, it wasn't heavy despite the amount of mayo, the carrots, cucumber, cilantro, and airy bread reminded me of a Vietnamese sandwich.  With the heavy Louisiana meals I've the past 2 days, this was what I needed. Love the holes in the walls.Visiting Nola I enjoyed sooooo many PoBoys, but was really craving a vegetarian sando. I had the cauliflower flower po boy. Was blown away with all the flavor.Have been here many times. Great food,staff and atmosphere.  Love the sides! Great place to bring family and friends that are in town. The sides are amazing. You can tell the staff is passionate about the food they serve.Went twice while I was in NOLA (once with my wife).
We didn't try them all, but in order of deliciousness:
1) Pork Belly
2) Meatloaf
3) Seared ShrimpPlace is not too far from where we stayed. It's well worth the trip. Had the seared shrimp po boy. It was glorious. The pickled vegetables and siracha aioli complimented the shrimp nicely. I wasn't sure whether to curse or pray because it was so great. I'll do both- it was God Dam delicious.Really wonderful vegan options and plenty for carnivores. Great selections of beers and other drinks. Counter service so you can easily take it outside if no tables are avail.Best shrimp in New Orleans and one of the best meals here with kickass staff. Amazing sandwiches. Loved the goat (special) and the sweet potato one too.Husband had a shrimp poboy, which he loved. I had the grilled cheese and it was the best grilled cheese sandwich I have ever had.I ordered the Roasted Cauliflower Sandwich. It was delicious!!! The staff was very sweet and helpful. Relaxed and cute ambiance. Great vegan options and refreshingly light fare.We got the cauliflower and grilled shrimp Poboys. Both were so flavorful that we bought more of them for later. Also tried the whiskey grilled cheese sandwich but that wasn't the best ones we have had (or may be we ate it later and it was kinda mushy). 
Wish they open up in California, it's will drive people nuts!Just ordered a debris and cheddar omelet  w/ sweet potato poboys.  Rock solid!  Fun twist on NOLA classicEvery bite a delight! My first crawdad poboy. Tasted like yummy shrimp. Our server at the bar was soooo cool. Wanted to adopt him. Its 2000+ miles from my home and I want to go back NOW!I would've rated this place 5 stars if I'd only gotten the pork belly poboy, because that was fantastic! But my friend got a shrimp poboy and, while she said the shrimp itself was delish, she requested no siracha aioli on her order but unfortunately it came smothered in it which is not ideal for her allergies, so she could only eat the aforementioned "delish shrimp" after picking them out of the sandwich and wiping them down. Unfortunately we did to-go so didn't discover the error until too late. Really friendly service but obviously more attention to detail is required. Also, wouldn't recommend the smothered greens - too balsalmic-y, no flavour balance.An innovative take on traditional po-boys and a good stop if you're wanting a break from all the Creole/Cajun places in the French quarter. 
We had a shrimp po boy which had a Vietnamese take with carrots and mint. Our second selection was a glazed pork belly, which was good but didn't have a lot of other stuff on the sandwich besides the meat. I think if you go in expecting fusion, this is a really good stop.This is my go-to for po boys aka subs, grinders or hoagies. And like those, their tastiness depends on the quality and inventiveness of the ingredients. They're not traditional, but the traditional po boys are kinda forgettable and you can get those anywhere in the country. For that reason, Killer is the best in New Orleans. I've tried them all over the city including the famous Parkway and I'll go out of my way to come here for the higher quality and more interesting configurations.Wow you mean I can get some kind of poboy other than a fried something something smothered in some kinda somethin? 
I love that killer poboys offers new and creative combos on traditional po boy bread that we all know and love. 
We had the cauliflower and brisket debris poboy. Although the cauliflower was awesome, there was MUCH satisfaction from all that debris. So, I would recommend that one. As a side, those greens man.... get em'. So savory and best greens I've ever had.Best greens I've had so far. We tried the shrimp, beef and pork belly and all of them were fantastic!!! Friendly staff, good food and cute hidden gem.I shared a pork poboy and a chirizo poboy. The pork was sweet and moist with excellent flavor. The chirizo was not too spicy, which allowed me to add some of their own hot sauce. The bread was fresh and crispy and held the sandwich together. The restaurant itself was small and intimate, but we didn't have to wait but a minute for a table to open up. The service was fast and very friendly. The exterior of the restaurant belies the quality of the place. An excellent meal overall.I tried the Braised Beef Po Boy...meat was juicy and flavorful, pickled veggies added crunch but could have used a little more horseradish spread. I loved that they had sugar syrup for the iced tea. I knocked it down to 3 stars instead of 4 because I didn't care for the potato salad...spicy mustard flavor but the onions had to much raw punch to them.
Worth trying if you want a slight spin on a traditional po boy!This place is a dream come true! Everything is delicious, and the service is prompt and friendly. Be sure to ask whomever is at the counter what they recommend! This new location is a great, quiet lunch getaway; and it's also cool they gave a TV for games. A rare, FQ treat for a great price!Such a delicious take on a New Orleans classic. Looking forward to another sandwich next time I'm in town. The grilled shrimp is by far my fav.Parking in the French Quarter is the biggest PITA, so sometimes I park in Treme if I just have a short meeting to go to. Today I ended up on Dauphine St. and I noticed Killer Poboys, which I thought was in a bar, but apparently now they have a bigger place with more options! Cool!  I got two Cheese Egg Ham Poboys one for me and one for the guy I was meeting. Those Poboys melt in your mouth but the bread is really crunchy just like it's supposed to be. The owner was really cool I will be back!Coffee BBQ sauce.
That is all.
No, really, we had 2 awesome vegan po boys here. The sweet potato and cauliflower one were divine, bread was not too hard or soft, flavors were on point, and the place is so not pretentious for it's great reputation.  Just a small place with great po boys! We loved every last bite and even in Michigan I'm about to call them and see if they can ship me that sauce! Open a Michigan location, please!Amazing food. Good service. I got the shrimp Poboy and my girlfriend got the grilled cheese. Both were amazing. Would definitely come back again.It was indeed a Killer Poboy. It wasn't all breaded and over fried. The carrot slaw on the shrimp was to die for. The guy at the front was nice and I saw the manager in the back making sure sandwiches were going out fast. HiOdd concoctions that shouldn't taste any good but OMG!!! The whiskey grilled cheese is amazing!!!Poboys are something you're supposed to try when in New Orleans and this restaurant appeared on so many lists of poboys you have to try. I should have lowered my expectations or maybe I just ordered the wrong thing? The place was empty when I walked in and I ordered the glazed pork belly and my friend got the the black beer beef debris. As we waited for our sandwiches, a sudden huge crowd of customers came in and the line reached the door. That got me excited for my food. After 20 minutes, we finally got our sandwiches. As soon as I unwrapped my poboy, I wasn't sure how I was gonna eat it because it was a giant mess of sauce. That didn't bother me until I picked up the sandwich and everything just fell apart because the bread was soggy and soaked with the glazed sauce. I took a bite and all you could taste was just the sweet sauce. It was just too much and too overwhelming. I tasted lettuce/cabbage and pork belly here and there, but man that sauce was just too much. I also tried my friend's beef poboy and it was better but my tastebuds were still too shot from the pork belly. My other friends who live in Louisiana told me that this was a fancy poboy shop and not traditional. Just a disappointing visit and I would not come back.Had the beef PoBoy. All I can say is this sandwich was A1!! The only disappointing thing about this restaurant which hurts my heart was that they were closed on Tuesdays and that's the day we checked out of our hotel. I would have loved to taste their sandwich one last time before hitting the road. Decent prices and very fast and friendly service. It's ducked off of the beaten path which I like so there's not any drunken riff raff from bourbon street coming in and out of the shop. We will definitely be paying them a visit the next time we are in New Orleans.This is the same amazing food as the original Killer PoBoys in the back of the Erin Rose bar a couple blocks away, but without the loud rowdy drunken bar crowd. Bottled beer is available, though. 
The glazed pork belly poboy is to die for. Ultimate decadence on a bun!My goodness.  It was soooooo good. I didn't know what to get.  On advice,  I got the Glazed Pork Belly Po Boy. First,  I tasted the "rum ginger cane syrup lime slaw". I could have eaten that by itself.  They need to sell that by itself as a side.  It was sweet and tangy.  Messy, loved it. Then,  I tasted the pork belly,  hearty and chewy.  The bread toasted perfectly.  Also,  the side spicy potatoe salad was good. My veggie friendly friend had the cauliflower and she said it was equally delicious,  with cauliflower grilled perfectly.  In all,  truly yummy. I paid about $17 for sandwich,  side and a cup of tea.The pork belly poboy is divine. Decent beer selection too.
I also like this space. Plenty of seating. Better place than the original locale IMO. 
Definitely recommend coming here if you get a chance.Great food. Can't go wrong. Loved the cauliflower sandwich and the ham poboy. Def going back next time we're in town to try the rest of the menu.Special today: Burgundy braised Venison Poboy. 
Will be back when I visit NOLA again!BBQ chicken po boy is outrageously good.  Friendly staff.  I'll be returning at least once a week.  Good job, people!It hurts my heart a little to write this review because I absolutely wanted to love this place (I mean, look at the awesome name and logo). From the outside this place looks awesome and it looks just as cool when you enter. I came here Monday afternoon and the place was packed. Located right next door to the Museum of Death, this place offers an extensive list of poboys and sides that could (or should) please just about anybody. I ended up ordering the BBQ chicken poboy because, well, I'll order anything with BBQ chicken in its name. The food took maybe 5-10 minutes to come out and before you know it I was ready to dig in. After my first bite i realized something, what I was tasting was barely even BBQ Chicken, it was almost entirely the slaw. They put such an overwhelming amount of slaw on this sandwich that I could barely even taste the chicken. I'm not saying the sandwich was horrible, the bread was good and so was the chicken that I was able to scoop out, but the insane amount of slaw absolutely killed it for me. Maybe it was what I ordered, maybe this place just loved slaw, who knows, but overall I did not enjoy this place. Maybe you'll love it, maybe you'll try something different, either way, I doubt I would come here a second time to find out.The staff here are really nice, the chefs are great and the food is good. There are a couple of really nice vegan options.I wanted to have a Po boy. This place was near the hotel. I got the seared shrimp 
po boy. It was a very tasty sandwich. I'm from L.A. It tasted like a bah Minh reconstructed. I wanted to have a fried shrimp but this hit the spot for a good sandwich.The bread was good and the sauce was just the right amount of spice and vegetables were good. It's a big sandwich.We went here after reading good reviews on some blogs. Some calling it "the best" poboy spot. God knows we love us some poboys. So, it being rainy today, we decided to walk over for a late lunch. This place is a little hole in the wall, but has some great flavor. Fair warning- these have 'international' flair/flavors and are NOT traditional Louisiana poboys. I like trying new things, so I loved the seared shrimp and pork belly that we got, but the friend I was with REALLY did not. I guess if you're looking to try something different, this is a good place. Just pay close attention to what is actually in the sandwich. Prime example, the glazed pork belly I had came with a ginger slaw. I'm posting pictures to go along with this review so you can take a look before trekking over.This was a great first experience for eating Po'boys! I had the cauliflower Po'boy, which is usually served on whole wheat, but went for the French bread to have the full experience! The roasted cauliflower was delicious and had lots of flavor. The sauces were very creamy and had delicious vegetables! I was told this sandwich is vegan, which is awesome, since I didn't think I'd find many vegan/vegetarian options out here! My boyfriend was with me, and he ordered the shrimp po'boy, and thought it was very good and would continuously come back to get it! He thought the sauces were vary flavorful and the vegetables combined with the sauce complimented the shrimp well. We both loved the freshly baked bread, and thought it was a great first meal in New Orleans! The employees were very friendly when we walked in, and we wanted to say thank you for the "Lagniappe!" We were able to try the southern style green beans, which were delish, and vegetarian!This was my first meal of my first trip to New Orleans, and while the food was delicious, I was otherwise underwhelmed. I had the Glazed Pork Belly po-boy, which was fabulous, especially for a garlic lover. $11. There was no wait at about 7 o'clock on a Saturday night. The restaurant seemed a little dirty and wasn't decorated very well.Great po'boys! I got the shrimp po'boy and it was more than enough to fill me. the shrimp was tasty, it had a weird smell but i think it's because it was blackened? Either way it was delicious! It had the perfect amount of seasoning and on top of that the sandwich wasn't dry. A lot of po'boys can taste dry and can be overwhelmed by breading. However this po'boy was almost perfect! It's also very convenient- close to bourbon street but not ON bourbon so you don't get those drunks. Also the cookies were a bit on the thin side but really good! I would definitely recommend if you're in the area and looking for some good ole po'boys!Wonderful, near perfection!
I got to know about this place due to the guys at SortedFood. They are on YouTube go check them out!
Anyways they went to New Orleans in search of the best of the local food. This place got high marks off them. So I had to drag my long suffering wife here to see what's up.
From the street there is nothing special. Just a skull and crossbones sign to make its location. It really fits the definition of a hole in a wall shop. Blink and you miss it, heck you might decide to pass on by as the curb appeal really isn't there.
However go inside and you're greeted by a friendly assistant whose second words are 'do you have any questions?' Rarely are you asked this. And it really is appreciated.
The Poboys took a while to prepare. They even advise you to sit. So for those of you who like the freaky fast of Jimmy Johns or watching it being made in front of you aka Subway, Jersey Miles etc. this isn't going to be for you.
The wait is highly worth it though. You can actually taste that every ingredient is freshly prepared. None of the 'this was taken from the fridge' etc...
Best dang sandwich my wife ever had. I'd concur!On the second day of our trip to NOLA, we ventured out to find a place where we could sample a different type of po'boy. After reading a couple of reviews, we settled on Killer Po'boys which happen to be right around the block from our rental. Upon entering the restaurant, we were pleased to see its low key atmosphere that was both inviting and aesthetically pleasing. The woman at the counter was a doll, eagerly helping us order while asking questions and making recommendations of what we might like. I decided on breakfast style po'boy with house made chorizo and egg while my fried opted for a curried goat variation of the popular New Orleans dish. While waiting on our food, we took in the restaurant decor which was a nice mix of local flair. We even had the chance to read a few articles about the "new age po'boy movement" and how restaurants like this were changing the concept of what a po'boy is. It didn't take long for us to receive our order. I was surprised at how large the po'boy was, especially since it was rather inexpensive. After taking that first bite, I don't think I can ever go back to the original po'boy again. The chorizo was flavorful but not too spicy and the egg was perfectly cooked. I had a chance to sample my friend's curried goat and was surprised at how much I enjoyed it. The goat was braised perfectly and the curry seasoning took much of the gamines out of the meat. This place will definitely be one that I frequent every time I'm in the New Orleans areaGreat new take on Poboys that brings a fun and exciting flair to an otherwise fairly basic dish. Don't get me wrong, I love me some Poboys. But having a place that switches up the flavors, sauces, and various meats the way Killer Poboys does is awesome. Definitely will be back.