To start with I am NOT a soup guy. I enjoy Pho places but mainly stick to vermicelli. Now with that said, this place was amazing!! I had the Tonkotsu and my wife had the oxtail. Both were amazing however I was blown away by the oxtail and ended up with my wife's bowl before it was over-lol.
The staff was super friendly and helpful (Gabriel) and took great care of us. We will be back and bringing friends!!Very close to my neighborhood.   Driven by the space regularly; but never stopped. It's been a bar and a  BBQ spot.  Very small space, but there's bar and counter seating with some original art work for sale in the corner.   I ordered a mango spritzer, kawasaki chicken, and a chicken Ramen.   All were good.  The kawasaki chicken appetizer was especially good.   Along with shoe string potatoes, there were curried pickles.   Very open space and it started filling up as I left (6 ish).  I'm be back and explore more of the menu.What can I say that others haven't? The food is impeccable, the service is attentive yet not intrusive, and the atmosphere is warm and unassuming. You can tell these guys take pride in the food they create as each dish is beautifully executed. Can't wait to come back!Ramen is really excellent.  Very flavorful, very large bowl, and definitely filling, you probably won't eat it all.  Fruit spritzers are very refreshing drinks too.  Only problem is that you cannot separate your check from your lunch mates.  Very problematic if your lunch mate orders more then you do.  The reason that they provide for not being able to provide separate checks is because they need to put your orders in at the same time if you arrive together so that the meals are ready at the same or otherwise the meals are prepared in the order in which they are received.  HUH????  If you're taking our orders together, the orders would be put in at the same time right so I'm not sure what that really has to do with separating the bill????  Beware if you're trying to budget or need a separate check you might not want to eat here.Rich Yummy broth , the beautiful egg is perfectly cooked. I love this cozy resturant. We had Clam Chowder dumplings. Divine we each had the spices ramen which is not overly hot, just enough bite. I couldn't eat it all. Definitely coming back hereWe had a great dinner. Our waitress was incredibly nice. It wasn't too packed for 6 pm on a Saturday, we sat at the bar. The food was so insanely good. You can BYOB , though we did not realize there was a 10$ corking fee for wine. No corking fee for beers. The menu seems to change somewhat often , which is another bonus. I think my entree was 14$. Huge bowl of ramen that I ate for 3 separate meals including leftovers. 
Will definitely go back and will bring beer pints instead of wine.Delicious ramen place tucked into food desert on Washington avenue. My friend had never had tonkotsu broth and was blown away- highly recommend you try theirs. I also placed an order to go and they had it ready by the end of my meal and neatly packaged in containers to maintain the integrity of the different items. The broth was in a cute reheat able bowlWe went for lunch and I had the regular ramen. Easily the best stuff in NOLA and worth a trip to this part of town. Also had the dirty virmicelli which is a take on dirty rice. I could have made a meal out of that alone. The staff and service were friendly and excellent. A gem.Great Ramen option in NOLA! Place is small, but cute and quaint. Servers are nice and the food is a very good quality with great presentation. I enjoyed my meow meow ramen thoroughly. I'll be back.Finally. 
NOLA has legit Ramen.
Recently - I have resorted to having my own fresh Ramen Pasta overnighted from NYC. 
A bit of a pain but worth it when you just need some damn ramen in your life.
(Clearly - I obsess over shit sometimes)
Decided on a lunch date with my beautiful wife at Kin, today.
It did not disappoint. 
Before I get into it...I should point out that they make their own Ramen Noodles, fresh, in house. 
Looked like it was to-order as well.
That is no small feat.
For me, I ordered the Tonkotsu.
About as traditional as you can go...had some amazing Porchetta floating in a delicious pork bone broth. 
It was savory AF.
The bowl was also filled with a mélange of pickled veggies that cut the fattiness of the dish. 
The egg wasn't the Shoyu Tamago I was expecting but more of a Onsen Tamago...which was cooked to perfection. 
The yolk made the broth creamy AF.
To top off the dish...was a cluster of Tempura Enoki. 
Never seen them served any which way but raw. 
They were sexy AF.
My wife ordered the Miso.
Essentially the same broth as the Tonkotsu but cut with some Dashi to give a little more depth and saltiness.
It was perfect. 
Along with the perfect broth were the usual suspects found in the Tonkotsu.
Main difference was the Confit Chicken.
Left a nice grease slick in your mouth that I think Im still feeling.
The lunch aspect of this tiny spot is a new concept for them.
Yes - THEY SERVE LUNCH.
Dinner seems to be more of a unique experience from lunch.
I took a peek at their menu.
(SIDE NOTE: Both of their menus change on the regular)
The dinner menu seems to lean towards a more non-traditional Japanese direction. 
A fair mix of the new and the old. 
I will surely go back to fill up on said menu items.
If it is still BYO there...then they are in trouble.
I may not leave.This place is exceptional. Rarely do I ever give a 5 star rating. But to be honest, I can't take of anything to subtract. This place is a pretty small, quaint joint. NOTE! That is not the correct address listed on here. You should call the restaurant. Now, I had the Forest Wings, which contained sambal and hoisin. And they give you these pickles with it, which are incredible!! The wings were utterly delicious - a perfect balance between sweet and savory. I also had the Pork Tokontosu ramen, which was rather flavorful and very full-bodied, big I must say it was heavy. The heaviness didn't bother me, as it is indeed something I wouldn't be eating everyday. The fruit spritzers strikes the right harmony to cut the heaviness of the dish, so get it!While they aren't really set up yet for take out, we were blessed to get some! Everything is thoughtfully crafted and executed, even when putting it in to go containers. The flavors are yummy and I can't even tell you how excited I am to get into the restaurant for a sit down! If you're on a budget, this might be the type of place to visit for lunch, so that you can enjoy the amazing flavors offered up without it being too pricey. The staff is beyond friendly and helpful. We really miss Big Momma's being in this spot, but we know that this is what belongs here!!First time trying it and it was very delicious. The shrimp alfredo dumplings are a must. Ramen was good. Very flavorful. But the dumplings are a must.While I understand that Creole & Cajun & French are the staple cuisines for New Orleans, I'm thrilled that people are being really supportive in regards to the plethora of good food that represents the diversity of the city.  Ethiopian, Thai, Korean, Vietnamese, Israeli, etc are becoming standouts or at least an excellent-to-ok option for those of us looking for a variety of dishes to entertain us.
My husband loves ramen.  Some of the best we had was in Budapest, surprisingly, but we wanted to try what this city had to offer.  Kin didn't blow us out of the water but it was ok.  Coupled with a few other issues I found the overall experience to be 2.5 stars.  We might return if we're nearby but we wouldn't go out of the way for it again.
Location:
It's on a cement island all by its lonesome with a good amount of street parking around.  It's hard to miss and easy to get to, and there's not much around that makes the area picturesque.
Service:
This is a tough one.  The guy was friendly but he seemed beyond flustered and/or painfully shy and even though he read our order back 2x and we corrected him 2x he still put in the wrong dang food.  Both of the dumplings were wrong.  My ramen was wrong but thank god he didn't give me the spicy noodles my husband ordered!  We just rolled with it because STARVING.  He made sure we had water and plates and stuff, and he handled a later incident with sincere apologies.  So, I'm not docking a star nor giving one for service because guy tried.  There were other people flitting to-and-fro serving other tables but no one interacted with us beyond our server.
Space:
There are a few tables that were utilized by bigger parties but the majority of the seating involves either a low wrap around bar or high top bar along a large window.  Maybe 30 people fit inside?  A bit cramped and even though I pulled my chair as close to the bar as I could I was still hit by one of the other servers every time he walked by.  That pissed me off because I don't like chopsticks full of hot ramen to be jammed into my lip every 30 seconds.  Docking a star for that.
Open kitchen with lots of Sysco type products in view.  I mean, I know y'all have to buy stuff from there but this was a bit of a disorganized mess and could be more appealing with some proper storage containers/systems.  Especially when so much of the place is trying to look a bit nicer - plating, decor, etc - it's a bit jarring to see jugs o' spice with greasy tops staring back at ya.  The area directly in front of us, which appeared to be a coffee station, was a disaster of dirty dishes and junk.  If you're going to have people facing an area where they are forced to look at things could you make it a bit more appealing or at least neat? 1/2 star gone.
No forks.  No hot sauce.  Roll with it.
Food:
Dumplings were not worth the money.  Greasy and mushy with sauce pairings that did nothing for the flavors. Skip apps and go right to the ramen. 1/2 star gone.
My husband got the chicken and I ordered a veggie choice.  I received beef.  That's a big screwup.  However, I decided that fate was trying to make me splurge and I went with it.  I didn't like bits o' beef in my mix but everything else was hoppppppin'.  The broth was fantastic, the egg cooked perfectly and the veggies crisp.  Salt content in the meat was too high.  Noodles are darn good!  The husband raved about his chicken and said it was out of this world tender and flavorful.  So there's that!  He finished his but I didn't due a small incident that was handled well.  They comped my meal and gave me a card with a free app.  That was super nice!  I won't dock a star for that.
So, Kin is ok!
Other:
Be sure to confirm your order then confirm again and then maybe just eat what you get because you don't have time for remakes.
Grab a seat at the window or a table for optimum room and to avoid the dreaded server elbow.
Didn't see booze on the menu?
They take more than just plain ol' cash.Update:
Came again to give Kin another try. This time I left satisfied and highly amused. 
Chicken wings - made with sambal spicy paste. Had a kick to it and the chicken was crunchy. It's served with sweet pickles, which I don't like. But whatever. 
Huxta bowl w/ spicy noodles - my bf loved this, but said it comes with way too much bamboo. I enjoyed this as well. It's not the best ramen but it was very creative and tasty. The broth was rich and the amount of meat they gave was more than enough. The corn was buttery and sweet. The egg was perfectly cooked and not too salty. But I agree, it comes with a lot of bamboo. 
Which is why I left really amused and satisfied. If you read my last review of Kin, you'd know I talked about how I asked for bamboo shoots in my bowl and it didn't come with any. I assume that they read my review and recognized me because in the middle of my meal, they brought me a bowl of extra bamboo without me asking! The shade. The pettiness. I loved it. Lol!
Anyway, the really redeemed themselves from the last time I went and I can't wait to see what other creative and unauthentic ramen they have to offer.i had been eyeing this place awhile... so good! we got the hunni bunni (vegan option) and fish bowl, as ell as one of the dumplings of the day. all were so amazing. i really appreciated how thoughtful the veggies were prepared (none of this super soggy crap) and the broths were flavorful. can't wait til they're back from vacation!Love this place. The place is tiny so ensure to make reservations. Great service and food. Have to come back every month to check out what's new on the menu.I thought this place was fantastic! I came here a few weekends ago, and was surprised to see anything in this location (also, that Garden Thyme has moved). The space is really intimate and we happened to catch it on a slower night, so only the communal table was filled. It's great for couples and dates, but I imagine that unless you get the long table in the middle, group dining might be a little awkward. We split a shaved brussel sprout salad, the lamb entree and a spaetzel dish. All was delicious, generous portions for the price and not too heavy. I wish I could have tried more. The service was great, and we'll definitely be coming back!OH MY GOSH. I don't even know where to start talking about the deliciousness that is Kin.
Kin has been on my list of places to try since it first opened and I finally had my opportunity when my friend mentioned that we get some ramen for lunch. Y'all know I love Asian food of all types and ramen is no exception. If only there were more ramen places in this town. Seriously. I think we only have 2 or 3.
So, this isn't the place to go if you are looking for a super fancy spot to eat. Kin is a small restaurant that is more about food than atmosphere, as Alvin mentioned. The place was packed at lunch, so we sat at the bar area and looked over the menu. We started with an order of dumplings. I have no idea what was in the ones we ordered (pork, I think), but they were fried to delicious perfection and full of flavor.
The special of the day was the brisket ramen. Out came this HUGE bowl of delicious ramen full of different vegetables, an egg, and a pile of brisket. This brisket was so tender and juicy and there was so much of it! The broth was perfect and the noodles were cooked to tender perfection. All of the goodies in the bowl blended together to make for one delicious lunch. I even had leftovers and I love my leftovers. Good news: the leftovers held up and it was all just as good after a night of sitting in the fridge. We both told the owner that he needs to keep the brisket ramen on the menu- it was that good. I'm eager to go back and try the pork cheek ramen, which I have heard great things about.
I will absolutely be back for another bowl of this good stuff.Finally tried Kin on Friday evening and it was worth the wait. My previous two dealings with them were less than satisfying but I kept seeing delicious looking bowls of ramen posted on Yelp, had to try it. It's a somewhat isolated restaurant on its own up on Washington. There are no other bars or restaurants nearby so it's something of a destination restaurant. The largest effect of this is that it's really quite good value for what are good sized portions. If this was on Magazine prices would be far higher.
We weren't hugely hungry but after reading the menu and seeing the specials, it became one of those 'bugger it, let's try everything meals'. We went for an order of dumplings ($5 - meat pie), an order of chicken wings ($6 - honey rosemary) and an order of the Bun Bao ($5 - beef awesomeness). I don't know if they also offer their dumplings like this, but on Friday they had one Potsticker and the other three types were fried. The flavour of the filling was very good and the pickles on the side were pretty good too but for me, a dumpling skin that has been fried masks the flavour of the filling too much. I'd love to taste this filling in a steamed or even boiled dumpling. So, good but could maybe be great. Next up was the wings - nothing outstanding but a generous portion and very tasty. Last up of the apps was the Bun Bao. This is a cousin of a Chinese Bao that is then fried. The filling was oxtail and general beef deliciousness. It doesn't eat like a bao but rather like a Rou Jia Mo sandwich. The bread soaks up the juices. I think this was my favourite app of them all and I'd definitely go for it again. 
For mains, we ordered a bowl of the Pork tonkatsu ($14) which seems to be standard on the menu and a new addition, the Tom Yum($14). Both were delicious but the Tom Yum is one of the best I've ever eaten. Densely flavoured broth with a ton of veg and lots of big juicy prawns. It's easy to see the skill in the way this all comes together. The right amount of heat too, not overly spicy. I loved it. The tonkatsu was full of flavour too but the pork belly was guilty of being a bit too fatty. Some chunks just seemed to be completely fat. I'd order it when we go back...but only if the Tom Yum isn't available. That was gold.
After those entrée's, we decided that we had to go for dessert too, which we could just about squeeze in. Chose the grilled zucchini bread, served with Jam and an orange cream sorbet ($5). When it was placed in front of us, we were told that the orange sorbet was gone so they had replaced it but...'I can change it if you like'. It didn't really seem worth it to be honest but I do think it should have been explained or discussed before it was placed in front of us. It's a satisfying end to the meal, even if it's served in a stupid jar making it hard to reach the final crumbs.
Kin is a nice space with probably less than 40 seats, some laid out around the old sushi bar. Staff on the night we were in are lovely, and very helpful. The kitchen is based off to the right as you walk in and is pretty open to the dining area, that's something that I feel adds to the vibe of a restaurant. I think they could work on their reservation system though, it's a little frustrating. Because it is a bit isolated as I said, being turned away is annoying. Hopefully they can work on that and their liquor license. No booze on the menu but they do seem to accept BYO.Came for lunch. They weren't too crowded and we were seated immediately at the bar. 
Pork something dumplings ($5) fried and crunchy. The filling was kinda mushy and I didn't think it was very flavorful. I wouldn't order again. They do change their dumpling flavors daily, so maybe they'll have better options next time. 
Pork tonkotsu ($13) - the pork belly is fried. The broth was bland, but the marinated soft boiled egg and pork belly was salty so it evened out. I couldn't eat the pork belly and egg unless it was with the broth and noodles. Alone it's just way too salty. It included bok choy, mushrooms, cauliflower, and squash. Noodles were perfect. 
Oxtail ramen ($13) - oxtail is shredded, but kinda crunchy? I don't know how to explain it. The broth was much more flavorful than the tonkotsu. It included half a soft boiled egg, bok choy, marinated mushrooms, and jicama slaw. I think it could use some other veggies in there. There is a good amount of oxtail in it, so that's a plus. 
I asked the waitress to add bamboo to my oxtail ramen and she said she believes it was already included. Okay, cool. My ramen came out with no bamboo shoots. I think the waiters and waitresses need to be more informed on the menu. 
Overall, good not great. Definitely did not leave satisfied.First time there.  Can't wait to go back.  The special Crawfish ramen dish they had was absolutely amazing.Recently moved to New Orleans from Chicago (where ramen is everywhere!) so was pretty nervous when I noticed the limited options for Ramen down here. Luckily, we have found our spot! Kin's ramen is outstanding! We had the tonkutsu and the huxtabowl and loved both. Definitely get the spicy noodles and try one of the unique appetizers. Can't wait to go back already!I kept hearing about Kin from various people and seeing check-in(s) on social media. Finally managed to visit! The food was superb! The service was top-notch. The environment was great. The noodles are house-made and the food is filled with tons of flavor. I will definitely go again to try the rest of the menu. The prices are slightly above average, but worth it in my opinion. I am a new orleans native and I can say they have the best fried oysters!On November 1st 2017, a large group of academics visiting New Orleans for the Haitian studies Association conference decided to visit this establishment based on recommendations by locals on the quality of the food served here. Unfortunately, though the experience of the food itself was absolutely delicious and amazing, our server this particular afternoon was probably one of the rudest and unfriendliest individuals we, as a collective, had ever encountered in our individual lives!!! Quality is measured by both food Ambiance and service at restaurants, this one star rating is based on the service we received this day which ultimately altered our overall experience, even though the food was delicious. Sorry KIN, you'll have to work a little bit harder and polish up on your hiring mechanisms, making sure that your servers know how to treat your customers as well as your food is close to Glorious on the palate.Nice and friendly staff but the food was ok. Only thing we liked here were the wings.  Most of the food posted on Yelp were not on the menu anymore. We felt like this place was trying to be too different by eliminating the traditional ramen combinations. There are better restaurants out there.Amazing ramen. Location is a bit hidden as it looks like a house from the road and the sign is small. 
If you love ramen, don't skip this place. It's amazing.I just made my first visit to Kin last night and I liked it. It's a cute little place with friendly staff and unique flavors. Our server also told us that the menu changes monthly, meaning it will stay fresh and exciting in future visits.
Last night, we started with the fried boudin, which was quite tasty. This wasn't your typical fried boudin, as it was wrapped in a large wanton. A nice twist. For my main course, I had the fried oysters, which were served with crawfish, veggies, and gnocchi. Not surprisingly, the oysters were the star of the dish. They were big, crunch, and delicious. My date got the lamb, which was also really good. We finished with the pear cake dessert, which was served with this amazing goat cheese ice cream. I've never had anything like that and it was a perfect pairing with the cake. 
For drinks, it's BYOB. Be aware that there is a $10 corkage fee starting tomorrow. But price-wise, Kin is by no means cheap, but did not feel overpriced to me. We spent just about $100 for 2, all in.
I look forward to trying out a new menu on my next visit.Free check in luggage, being asked out on a date in person (not on Tinder), authentic Japanese cuisine in the South...all things that are hard to come by. Enter kin - a hipster restaurant serving delicious ramen with rich and flavorful broth. I ordered the technically tonk ramen and I may or may not have finished it down to the very last drop (spoiler alert: I did). The daily special was eggplant dumplings with fig and yogurt sauce which surprisingly paired together quite nicely.
The restaurant is small so prepare to get cozy! It can get crowded and just a heads up it seems like there's usually a wait to get seated on the weekends. Phenomenal ramen. Bravo!Oh my God!!!  I have been hearing about this place for about a year and tonight decided to give it a chance.  Well let me say I am so glad I did. We had the chicken fajita dumplings the duck and biscuit and the seafood chowder dumpling.  Every single item was awesome and we even had to order more of the chicken dumplings to go.  For the entree we had the ox tail ramen, the pork belly ramen, and the ultimate dish of the night the vegan ramen.  Three men all eating said hands down the vegan ramen was the best tasting thing of the night and that is saying a lot because everything was fabulous.    We will be back. FYI it is BYOB.Small restaurant with family style seating.  I haven't had much ramen in New Orleans yet, but this place was very good. I ordered the Huxta Bowl that came with ground pork.  Very tasty. Wish it had more noodles though. 
One downside is that all the broths(except the vegan) have shellfish so my brother couldn't order any of the meat ramens. He did say that the vegan dish was very good but he would have liked to have some meat.  Since substitutions aren't possible, that wasn't an option. 
Will definitely return, but hopefully they will have some broth variations for those who can't eat seafood but don't want to eat the only non meat option.My honeymoon in Japan was the trip of the lifetime, but the lack of Ramen options in NOLA has left a slight (dark, gaping, empty) hole in my heart.  Finding Kin has been a godsend.  The menu is small but ever-changing, with dynamic ingredients and super interesting flavors.  The location is a little weird, but that does not keep my husband and me away.  Their steamed dumpling specials will always be a highlight and a large, hot bowel of ramen leaves me satisfied time after time.  This is a small space, which is very Japanese.  
By far my favorite ramen in town!  Arigatōgozaimasu.Trendy decor. Not friendly, not unfriendly service.
Can't remember the name of what I ordered... but it was the one with chicken sausage. The broth was too salty, and I did not enjoy the chicken sausage and didn't bother finishing it.
The mushrooms with the broth soaked up were pretty tasty. However, that was the only upside of the dish.
Also, not a cheap meal.
Long story short, didn't enjoy my dish as a standalone. Also, as a sidenote this is not a traditional ramen at all, so don't come here if that's what you're looking forService, food, and ambience are all excellent! I got the tonkotsu ramen and my wife got the huxta ramen. Both were incredible as were the southwest dumplings and the lemon pound cake with earl grey tea ice cream!I had carpaccio. Wow. I had frog legs. Wow. I had the snapper paella. Wow. It was like a carnival in my mouth. I never imagined it was possible to get so many good clear distinct and complimentary flavors in my mouth at the same time. Every bite was so fantastically complex and interesting that I might have become a little numb at the end of the meal. This is truly thinking person's food, and now I am wonderfully satiated and mentally worn out!
The service is perfect. Absolutely wonderful in every respect. Ashley knew the food as well as if she were the chef herself. She expertly and charmingly guided us through this fantastic gustatory journey. Casual, genuine and personable yet 5 star at the same time -- the flatware was replaced with every course, all the old plates were removed, water was kept topped off and cold. The courses were timed well with just enough time in between each to give us a chance to recover for the next.
The restaurant is very small and seating is at counters or shared at one large table, which frankly is perfect for a place where we should all come together in celebration of truly brilliant food. 
I wish I lived closer!Don't let the location or size fool you.  Just so happened to be driving by on a chilly Saturday and decided now was my chance to finally check it.  This was one of my best impulse decisions ever. It was perfect.  The food was outstanding.  The decor was tres chic!  The service impeccable.  This tiny place packs a great punch!I thought my gps was giving me wrong directions to the restaurant. The outside does not portray what is inside at all. But it's what's on the inside that matters right?
I like the aesthetic inside the restaurant. They have communal seating which feels odd at times. My girlfriend and I sat right next to another couple. The other couple seemed annoyed that we were seated in their space. We also had the option to choose bar seating. 
I used the restroom which was clean. I walked through a little supply room that led to the bathroom. The menu was more pricey than I anticipated. Nonetheless our server was lovely and helpful with the menu. I tried the "Chinese takeout" and my partner ordered the "boo-jee udon". She was not a fan of it. Nor was I, but my bowl was delicious! I loved the flavors and the noodles. The udon noodles in the Boo-jee bowl were a lot but that is more of a personal preference. The flavor and the brisket was done well. Although i enjoyed it, I was unsatisfied by the pricing. It was my first time eating ramen at a restaurant. I would say it is a nice place for a date. Food, interior, and staff I would give 5 stars, but everything else brought the experience down. Definitely amazing food, and a nice selection for a smaller menu.Last night was one of the best meals of my life and Kin was a true culinary adventure. The restaurant itself is off the beaten path but not far from The Blue Plate Lofts. Seating is limited so I would highly recommend reservations. Tiny place but it makes the dining experience very intimate and cozy. It is BYOB right now and no corkage fee so feel to bring a bottle of wine. My husband bought a flask of vodka and ordered the strawberry mango fruit spritzer. The spritzer itself was stupid good but add the vodka and then you have a bomb ass cocktail! Our reservation was a bit delayed but our party of four did not have to wait too long. The staff was extremely apologetic and sent us a complimentary starter plate of beef and potatoes. Totally not necessary but greatly appreciated. We started with the shellfish and herbs and then the peppers and tomatoes. Both dishes were light and refreshing and full of flavor. The four of us decided to each order an entree and split all of them. This is really the way to go with this place. Each dish is so inventive and delicious that you should not restrict yourself to tasting just one plate of food. The menu changes monthly and they are in the process of experimenting with this month's options. We ordered the game hen and rice, pork and sorrel, turf and surf, and the ravioli and beets. The ravioli was out of this world! It is a great vegetarian dish and the spicy marinara really set it off. The turf and surf was a grilled hanger steak with mashed potatoes, seasonal veggies and fried calamari. A simple dish but one of the best steaks I have ever tried in my life... and it was a hanger steak. Lol. My husband was literally speechless when he had his first bite. The game hen had a nice spice on the skin and the pork chop and gnocchi also came with a panko crusted fried egg. We were in food Heaven! The price point of this place is beyond fair and the portion size are surprisingly generous. A lot of places love to charge you an arm and a leg for a very tiny dish. Kin, I can happily report, is not one of those places. We were all stuffed and had no room for desert. Next time I will have to leave room for some because I hear they are all delicious. The service was personal and warm. Jennifer waited on us and she was a delight. We asked to talk to Chef Nhat Nguyen so we could tell him how much we enjoyed our dining experience and he was so grateful and kind. A class act guy who gave credit to the rest of his kitchen staff as well. I am telling you right now that what these talented people are doing at Kin is truly exceptional. And I really do appreciate the fact that we were able to have such a great meal without breaking the bank. My husband and I love to go out to eat but we are not made of money. That being said, for the caliber of food and portion sizes, the price of our bill was beyond reasonable. Thank you Kin for making fine dining quality food available to everyone. We had a fantastic time and I will encourage every single person I know in New Orleans to go eat at this establishment.We saw this place on eatingnola's Instagram and knew we had to try it! It's everything we thought it would be. So exquisite. The place is tiny but quaint, staff are so friendly, and the food is just amazing. ***BYOB THOUGH!!*** Definitely a must tryBest ramen, casual dining atmosphere and friendly, accessible staff."The bonsai of the epicurean world",  quoth my mom. Spent a lovely evening in their living room sized restaurant, tactfully dismembering their sculpted gustatory creations. The small plates are wonderful to experiment with, make sure to talk to your server before investing one of the entrées.It's a small restaurant, so you'll likely need a reservation on a weekend, but it's worth a wait. Kings one of the coolest, most innovative new restaurants in New Orleans.Lunch update - just tried the lunch menu and it is off the hook - amazing value.This is a really awesome new spot! First of all, I love that it's off the beaten path. There are literally no other establishments in the area, and I'm really hoping it's a sign of revitalization. The place is pretty small (cozy) with one large communal table in the middle and about 10 bar seats (with some looking out the window). Really clean, with a modern/rustic vibe. Because it's so small, I'd recommend reservations, at least on the weekends. 
We went with a group of four so we could order a bunch of things. The food was excellent: really creative flavor profiles and beautifully plated. I would categorize it as "New American," even though there are subtle Asian influences in every plate (I believe the chef is Vietnamese). Even though I'm not vegetarian, I really love how many vegetable dishes they have, and how well they're prepared. I'm not going to go into specifics of every dish because the menu changes every month, but suffice to say that everything we ordered was really good. Because my bf is a chef, we had to dissect things a bit, and we agreed that there needed to be some tweaks on each dish, but also agreed that the food here has really amazing potential. You can see the chef's vision and it works.
They don't have a liquor license yet, so BYOB is free, but they do offer reeeeeally good "spritzers." My friend had one with strawberry and basil (and probably some other stuff). You could bring your own liquor and have a bomb-ass cocktail.
Service was awesome. Really friendly, on-point, knowledgeable, and efficient without being overbearing. The sous chef came out to tell us that they had our reservation under the wrong name and thought that we hadn't shown up. After he realized we were there, he sent us out a complimentary dessert. Super nice! 
We will definitely be back.Went for lunch today after drooling over their IG feed for months. Cute tiny place, completely not what you'd expect in that part of town. A true gem, diamond in the rough kind of place. Fine dining, excellent tasteful decor, amazing friendly servers, and the food they're firing out is top notch. Lunch menu only had 8 items which, for me, is the sign of quality over quantity. BYOB. Extremely reasonable prices. Check it out. Big long communal table and bar seating.  At dinner, you'll get to meet your neighbors for sure.  Menus supposedly change all the time and dinner and lunch services are completely different. So you could get something new every time you go. Which you should. Immediately.I've never had ramen until Kin...literally. I don't eat pork so it's hard to find a ramen spot with a broth that's not pork. Well this place services my taste buds. The broth was creamy and full of flavor. The dumplings were beef taco; they have special dumplings each day so you never know. They were the perfect size and tasted just like a taco! They came with lettuce, tomato on the side. The ramen was an excellent portion that didn't leave me wishing I had more...because I had more lol...it was too much for me to finish. Omg I'll be back. Definitely! I'm trying to find a way to keep it in my weekly rotation...great service! Great food! I'm in it to win it!!!!I came here with the boyfriend for some ramen. This is a small restaurant and when we arrived there was only seating at the bar, which worked well for out small party. I ordered the shio chicken ramen and the boyfriend ordered the tonkotsu pork ramen with the spicy noodles and broth, which costs an additional $2. The food took a rather long time to come out, but not unreasonably so since everything is fresh. The pork ramen was spicy and delicious, with romanesco broccoli, bok choy, crunchy tofu, half a boiled egg, and pork. The spicy noodles had a nice chewy texture and were around medium heat. The broth did not have that cloudly, creamy consistency I typically associate with tonkotsu ramen, but it was delicious and the heat level was a satisfying medium. My chicken ramen had a good selection of bamboo shoots, seaweed, chicken breast, bok choy, half of an egg, and wood ear mushrooms. The soft boiled egg was perfectly cooked, the noodles had plenty or texture. The broth was rich and flavorful, but there was not as much of it as I would have hoped (it did not go high in the bowl). Additionally, it was not hot. It was not hot enough to wilt the bok choy and I was very disappointed by that. The third reasoning behind me taking off a star was that there was not a way to make my soup be spicy at all. I can understand charging more for the spicy noodles since they require additional labor to prepare, but not having any hot sauce at a ramen shop is a little silly. It felt like extortion to increase the cost of my meal by 15% in order to have it spiced the way I like it. 
service was 5/5
did not use the bathroomI've been three times to Kin. Twice for dinner and once for lunch. The food is so delicious. The flavors are layered perfectly. Every dish is to perfection and the signature hen dish is amazing. Lunch is a different menu with a dumpling appetizer and ramen dishes which will leave you full and contentment. The staff are so attentive, happy and pleasant. It is a very small place with no private tables but once you taste the food you won't care! I highly recommend this restaurant.Based on the fabulous food as well as the service I would have to go 5 stars. But the quantity of "small plates" at places seem to be getting smaller and smaller.Everything we had (dumplings, chicken, beef and pork ramen) was robust and full of flavor. I cannot pick a favorite dish because the chicken, pork and beef ramen had distinct flavors and textures. I would eat here at least once a week.Cute little restaurant. Seating are limited. 25 seats to be exact. First come first serve. They seat you next to strangers. Kin means family. The blueberry spritzers was very tasty. I would recommend trying their special flavors. I order the pumpkin chipotle dumpling and nothing tastes like pumpkin. It actually tasted like pizza. I also ordered the huxta  ramen with spicy noodles. To be honest I was very excited to try out this Raman everyone was raving about but the Raman was one note. It needed something else to make it better. Another thing is they only serve you half an egg. All ramen that I've had gave you a whole egg cut in half. Prices were pretty pricey. $14 for w bowl. The substitution for spicy noodles was good. Overall it was an okay restaurant. I would give it another try. Maybe during lunchStopped by today for lunch with a friend! We each ordered a bowl of ramen noodle soup and an appitizer. The portion was a nice size. The ramen was enough to fill me up. I really didn't need to order the appitizere, but a friend recommended it. Everything was delicious.We absolutely love Kin!
As residents of Broadmoor, we are used to heading down toward the river for our "occasion" restaurants.  So, when we saw Kin opened recently, we were excited to try it.  And we were NOT disappointed!
The food is incredible, they are still BYOB so far (awesome), service is fantastic, and the restaurant is cozy and full of character.  
We've already been back a couple of times, and have encountered an original and delicious menu each time.
I am so proud to have Kin in my neighborhood!I loved how everything was a personal experience. Ambiance and environment was nice and cozy. I didn't realize that the menu change so often so I was expecting to order food that has been on past menus. I was expecting more options but everyone entree was decent. I love their peach or mango spritzer! Great service but you definitely have to make reservations.The best ramen in New Orleans. Handmade noodles and rich housemade stocks done the right way. The pork tonkotsu is amazing.Really great ramen! Go for the brisket bowl.the broth had such good meaty flavor. The fried chicken bowl was good, too, but the brisket is where it is at. The place is very small. Basically it has one or two small tables and then bar seating. Service was fast and prices were good. We will be back.Kin was recommended to me by a chef, whose food I had the pleasure of eating the night before. He recommended I trek out to Kin, so I didn't even bother looking at other restaurants for the next evening. It was good....but didn't blow my mind for all the hype.
I was excited to try it given the overwhelmingly positive suggestion from a chef whose food I found to be mind-blowing good. 
The place is small and quaint, with an open kitchen and seats about 30 people. The staff is great, and fast. Very nice. There is one big table (think of it as a community table), a long bar for seating(NOTE: This place is BYOB), and additional high-top seating on a bar overlooking the windows. I sat at that bar - which unfortunately removed me from the conversation of excited strangers from different parts of the country with interesting professions (one of the women at the bar was the owner of a well-known restaurant in Portland - I didn't catch the name). The customers dished about what kind of food and which restaurants they had tried while in New Orleans - I had visited the majority of the ones they were discussing, so I knew I was in good company.
I ordered pork/chicken dumplings and opted away from the agedashi tofu in black bean broth given I was going to eat ramen for dinner. The dumplings were nicely sized, a portion of 6, and fried. 
Their ramen selection this evening included 5 types - some of which I found misplaced for ramen. I eat a lot of Ramen in the Bay area, so figured I would stick with something more traditional to give it a proper shot at ramen. I ordered the Chicken Shio.
The noodles in the ramen were the straight kind vs. Sapporo-style (chewy and squiggly, which i prefer). Regarldess, they were cooked well and nicely textured. The broth was underwhelming and bland, which was a disappointment. The sliced chicken was fine, as it was prepared as sliced pork would be over a shio ramen. My issue with the chicken was, while the chicken was cooked well, the slabs were almost a little too thick. It should have been sliced in half one more time.
I think my expectations were perhaps a bit too high, but in a town where people want to get to know you more by inquiring "where did you eat last night?", I needed to give this place a shot.This new spot has everything going for it. A young extremely talented team cooking with soul. Now open for lunch weekdays. This place rocks it from start to finish.Great, great ramen. I've been here 3 times in the past week LOL. 
Wonderful attention to detail. 
I wish I still lived in New Orleans so I could go to this place. Excellent.Food was excellent, had the beef carpaccio small plate and then I had a mushroom noodle dish and my girlfriend had a scallop dish.  The portion sizes, however, were small and it was rather expensive.  For 1 small plate and 2 entrees it was close to $80 with tax and tip which is high considering the location, the fact that we didnt have drinks and that we both werent quite satisfied afterwards with the amount of food we had.  We certainly weren't hungry but no where near full either.  Also their menu changes often so they dont have a menu posted online which was frustrating because we went expecting to find ramen and dumplings which it turns out they only have for lunch, not dinner.  I'd definitely be interested in coming back for lunch though when hopefully the prices are more reasonable - although again, their lunch menu isnt available online.I drive past this restaurant often on my way back from work so I decided to stop in and try it.  The interior is very small with just one communal table and the rest of the seating being at the bar.  It seems to be going for a trendy and hip vibe and I was the only person in the restaurant as it was still a bit early for the dinner crowd.  
I was provided with some nice complimentary bread served with pureed acorn squash and another condiment that I think was some type of fig preparation and that was a nice start.  The menu had some interesting items on it that seemed to be pretty unique and ultimately I decided to just get the lamb kabob entree.  I was sitting at the bar but there is a bit of raised area still between you and the server and you get served like a bartender would serve you so they kept my iced tea and water both full so service was efficient.  My entree was interesting with two ground meat lamb kabobs on sugarcane skewers which were then placed on a bed of salad mixed with various vegetables and pasta.  There were certainly some unique flavor profiles in the meal but when it came time to pay for my entree and iced tea the total with tip cost $31.16 which really made it a poor value as I didn't think I got very much food for my money.  
Overall this restaurant has some interesting ideas going on but the location, ambiance and dining style don't seem to rate fine dining prices.  The desserts were surprisingly very standard with nothing very unique about them at all other than being as expensive or more so than most of the best restaurants in New Orleans ($6-$11) so I didn't even bother trying them. It is an interesting concept but I don't know how they are going to attract a lot of repeat business at their current cost structure.  It was interesting to try once but at the prices they are charging there are a whole lot of other better restaurants in town I'd rather spend that kind of money on.  For diners that are looking for something quite different than the usual New Orleans dining scene this will certainly give you a new experience.  I will give them 4 stars for their unique dishes but 2 for price and 1 for the dessert menu so let's call it a 3 star overall experience.I absolutely love kin. 
They have a unique selection of house made dumplings that change every few days. Don't be surprised when you see beef stroganoff or curry dumplings on the menu for the day. They're usually paired off with a dipping sauce or maybe a bed of dressed salad or other garnishes that completes the theme of the dumplings. For example, a coconut sauce for the curry dumplings. They also vary from pan fried to boiled. (4 dumplings per order)
Now for the chicken wings. Crispy and tasty. Doubled fried for that guaranteed crispy skin. For the wing sauce, they also change every so often. But no matter what the flavor is it's always gonna be yummy. (4 wings per order)
The main course: ramen. Flavor packed ramen. They don't hold back on the toppings and protein that come with their ramen. Even the vegan ramen is loaded with all that nutrient, energy packed vegetable goodness. The pork belly is always crispy. The broth always steaming hot. The way they present their ramen ain't like anything I've seen before. It's just beautiful and their own. They make it the way they like it and I'm not complaining. Those guys are always cookin' up something good.This tiny house is just amazing. I had the best ramen ever here. Every dish here from drink to entrees deserved a visit and a long-time wait for a seat. The soap of the noodles it my favorite part of food here, very savory very deliciousReal new. Has a Dinner Lab kinda feel. Better to try lots of different plates and share. Oyster and gnocchi was very interesting. I def recommend if want something quant and nice.Delicious ramen and beautiful presentation.... And that just lunch. Can't wait for dinner.Our daughter had eaten here before and wanted us to try it.  We arrived on a Thu evening on May 18th.  There is plenty of parking in the neighborhood.  It wasn't very busy and we were seated right away in a communal table.  Apparently their former dinner menu has been eliminated and now the former lunch menu also doubles as the dinner menu.  Our server Thanh was pleasant and attentive, however she spoke way too fast for us to understand the details of the dumplings and ramen.
The three of us decided to eat family style and ordered the special shrimp dumplings ($5); 2 orders of the chicken wings ($6 ea) with one being a spicy bbq sauce and the other being plain fried; the Huxta bowl ramen ($14) consisting of confit marinated ground pork shoulder, marinated soft boil egg, bok choy, roasted garlic miso corn butter, and pork and chicken broth; oxtail ramen ($14) consisting of ox tail shreds, soft boil egg, bok choy, braised mushrooms, jicama slaw; and one fruit spritzer ($3).  Kin does not have a liquor license, but you could bring your own for a small corkage fee.  
The shrimp dumplings were rather ordinary, the wings were very good (what could go wrong with chicken wings?), the ramen was sumptuous - probably the best that we have had, and the spritzer was refreshing and not overly sweet.  Yes, we would return again if in the area despite the limited menu.Prompt service! Delicious ramen, very filling! Lay out of table and chairs simply didn't suite me. Seemed very traditional, so I can't hate! I just couldn't relax.This place is a hidden gem! About the best food i had so far in new orleans, and very affordable pricing.  The ramen can make a run against the best in southern cal or vegas!  The appitizer is good and affordable.  The dessert is to die for!!!The food is inventive, but they don't have a liquor license. The cuisine is fine dining quality, so one should really be able to enjoy it with wine. And here's the really crappy part - BYOB is not free. They charge you $10 for wine corkage, even though you can bring in your own beer with no corkage fee. I assume they bring you a glass for beer which is all they did for me having wine. I opened and served my own wine to myself and two others at the table- $10. They didn't even have to throw out an extra bottle at the end of the night ,as there was a little left over, so I took it home. I'm sure they would have had to throw out empty beer bottles. Unreasonable policy...The food experience was mediocre 
The place was trying to be hipster but seriously overrated 
Took over an hour to get food
Small and crowded
Oh and to top it off the female waitress (puffy cheeks) was rude and slammed the door behind us. Never was pleasant. 
Would I come back for some "trendy" ramen? Nah, I've had better along with better serviceFood is ok but the service blows! Rude, not efficient, takes forever. There are better places in NOLA for ramen.Kin far exceeded my expectations!!! What a wonderful little place with a charming staff. Hate to admit that it was my first time there, being that we are Mid City residents, but we will be frequenting this little hot spot from here on. Now, this place is tiny, and has very limited seating, so I would highly recommend reservations. Also byob, so make sure and bring your booze. Everything we ordered was delicious! We ordered several plates and shared, which is what we always do, because we love to taste everything. Such a great addition for all of us locals...what a gem!!!Tried Kin for first time. Small but comfortable venue. Kitchen is open so you can see everything from the spice rack to watching your bowl get prepared. Shio chicken ramen had tender slices of chicken, delicious mushrooms and excellent broth. We got a chicken curry dumpling that was also tasty and served on top of a yummy little salad of lettuces and jicama that was as good as the dumplings. Only reason not a 5-star is server wasn't knowledgeable of details and ingredients and gave our leftovers to the table next to us by accident. Food was a 5, and I'm not even a soup person.Can't believe I'm saying it. A real ramen place in Nola. A few have tried before but all have failed until Kin. I got the tonkotsu which was delicious. My friend got the miso and it was great also. I didn't try the gyoza but overheard people talking about how good they were. This is a welcomed treat to townGo in hungry, leave full!  Great food, service and environment. 
Quality of food is on point. They have passion and it shows in the food. 
We enjoyed our lunch and will be back!visiting son & its one of his fav places. I totally understand why. so fresh and good. I had the shrimp Tom yum udon & loved it. always on our list of must come while we are here.The best ramen in New Orleans. Inexpensive. Great environment and excellent service. One of my favorites!So, after 2 weeks just the wife and I and a lot of good meals out- Kin takes the cake!  Actually that's a good point, I did order dessert and it was as good as everything else- and I don't generally order dessert. I just hope Kin stays where it is, how it is- with maybe a little expansion of space. Fantastic and great price point. Every dish was delicious and we ate it all talking non-stop about food with friends as we do in New Orleans.Heard about this place from a few friends but wasn't quite sure where it was. The sign is VERY small and it's not on the side of the building on Washington, which makes it hard to locate. All of that being said the food was GREAT!!! It's a small place but that makes it pretty cool. Highly recommend!Kin has such great ramen that words can't express the flavors! Before today I had kin maybe twice and the flavor and taste has always been fulfilling and savory. I love how consistent they are with the quality of food; I would say my concern is that they change their menu often and there's very little options 
Today I had the vegan bowl as I'm now vegan and it was ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!!! I love the textures of the vegetables and how it made the ramen rich and creamy. The addition of mini tomatoes and potatoes definitely helped with eating the ramen as each bite had a unique flavor. I loved how the mushrooms and I think zucchini helped with giving a savory effect with each bite I had. I'm not sure if the fake meat was tofu or texturized vegetable protein but I can definitely say it was so similiar to meat that I was almost worried it was meat!!! 
The server was great as she kept on refilling my water but she didn't introduce herself or tell us much details about the menu, food options, or the place....
I would have given kin a 5 star review but the wait for the food was kind of long. We waited closed to 25-30 minutes....
The price was average to me but kind of pricey in comparison to other ramen places I been too. My bowl was 14 and my friends bowl was 16.
I would definitely come back for more.Came here on a rainy Saturday afternoon. Not very busy at all.  I've heard nothing but great things about their ramen so I decided to get the ramen. Their Saturday lunch menu had about 7-8 items on it. The ramen broth is the best I've had in New Orleans. Rich, has depth, not overly salty, and has a mushroom earthy undertone. The noodle was dense, but cooked well. I liked their toppings. The pork melted in my mouth, the micro greens added good flavor, and everything balanced very well. The portion size was perfect for me. My only reservation is it was 15 bucks...12 would have been more fair. Regardless, I'd come back again.Been for dinner, and today went for lunch.  Both are outstanding.  Excellent service.  Amazing food.  Every dish we've had here was incredibly creative, beautifully presented, and served with interesting and fresh ingredients.  This restaurant will definitely make other restaurants more disappointing.  I'm so excited about this place as a wonderful and insanely creative addition to the food scene in New Orleans.  
As an added bonus, the owner has a great personality, and is super fun to chat with as she goes from guest to guest ensuring everyone is having a great experience.  This is definitely going to be a frequent go to place for the hubs and I.Amazing EVERYTHING.  
I constantly crave it now that I've tried it.  There are brussel sprouts in it, which I thought I would hate, but WOW!  I would love to know how they are prepared so that I can try to cool the sprouts at home.  
I wouldn't change a thing. My boyfriend and I both got the pork Tonkotsu ramen.  He avoids vegetables at all costs, but he loves them in this.  We will be back!!  Amazing!One of the best ramen places I've been to! I like the twist they do on their dumplings too (when I went they had a pizza type one and Mexican)
Not too salty
Service is pretty good too, wait time was a little longer than I thought it would be but maybe I was just hungry...? Still a good "hole in the wall" and a good edition to Nola's asiany foooood!The best culinary experience I have had in years, and definitely a gem in New Orleans!
My husband and I came here twice over the course of our one-week vacation in NOLA, specifically because it was the most delicious and creative food we could have asked for.
I know NOLA is known for po-boys and crawfish, but we were looking for something a bit lighter on the fry scale and richer in flavor when I started digging for recommendations on dining. Of all the places I found on Thrillist.com, and those recommended to me by my friends, this one came to be the only dinner option I really enjoyed.
A simple summary:
Drinks: we tried the coffee, thinking it was a regular cup of hot roast. Interestingly enough we received an iced milk coffee-drink with a light touch of lavender flavor. Not exactly what we had in mind, but delicious none-the-less. The BYOB factor is wonderful, and the fact that they don't charge a cork fee is very fair (they even refill your wine glass with the bottle you bring--that is great service). 
Food: I ordered the soft-shell crab étouffée, and my husband requested the duck. While we waited, the waitress brought us some of their toasted house-made bread with a cauliflower puree--a wonderfully light flavor and a satisfying crunch. The main courses were exquisite. I wish I took a moment to photograph the art of the presentation, but the smell was too good to wait. The soft shell crab étouffée was PERFECT. Although the crab was fried, it wasn't heavy, with an almost airy crisp. The rice and zucchini garnish were the perfect complements. And the sauce--the best étouffée sauce I have tasted in NOLA. My husband's duck was equally delicious--perfect balance of crispy skin to exactly-cooked meat. The rice cake it came with was an interesting side--definitely a flavorful pairing. 
For dessert we ordered the tiramisu--both times (actually the meal was so good that we ordered the same exact meal both times we visited the restaurant). Each time the tiramisu came with a different garnish, both equally decadent, and each lending a unique flavor to the dessert. The tiramisu itself was very moist, yet not overly heavy on cream--an exact biscuit-to-cream ratio.
Decor: simple, not at all distracting from the food and the warm atmosphere. Great color palette combination with the walls, the ceiling, and the wood-bladed ceiling fans. I especially enjoyed being able to watch the chefs prepare our meal in the kitchen.
Service: 5 stars. Just the right amount of available and non-invasive. Always ready to answer our questions when we had them. 
Overall: 5 stars. I would recommend this restaurant to everyone visiting NOLA. 
Small recommendation to the restaurant: some sort of hot beverages. Having the option to order hot coffee or tea would complete the package.Pork Tonkotsu
I've been on the hunt to find a ramen spot in Nola and this has come the closest. The broth was a bit salty for my taste, the meat was thick and came with a lot. The egg was way TOO salty paired with the broth but it was cooked to my liking. The Brussels sprouts were noticeably bitter but the texture was nice. I ran out of ramen before I even finished 1/4 of my meat so the ratio on that could use some work. The ramen noodles were short and didn't absorb the broth very well. Overall, the meat was the star of the dish and I'm glad they're so generous with it but I prefer it sliced thinner. Despite all my complaints, this is my favorite ramen spot in Nola. (That's not saying alot since the ramen selection in NOLA is terrible)Amazing. It's been so long since there's been decent ramen in New Orleans. Both bowls of ramen I've tasted have been so good I'm dreaming of the next time I can make it over there again. Please don't go away!This is the BEST meal I have had in as long as I can remember. We went for dinner during Lent (on a Friday) and had the salmon goat cheese dumplings and ramen fish bowls. Nothing short of incredible. Don't let the size of this place fool you. Wishing I took pictures to post!!! We will definitely be back for more!A recently opened  restaurant, with a lot of hype.
First the positive points, nice decour, small and quaint, with some touch of modern. Corteous service, a plus.
I ordered the oxtail ramen, and it was just ok, a relatively clear broth with some umami, but lacking the richness of the marrow and the "comfort" of calcium, one can obtain with oxtail .
The noodles were made in house, adequately chewy, but lacking the "springness" of good ramem noodles, maybe needed alkaline water or more rest ? The ramem had more in common with the vietnamese Pho, rather than a traditional japanese ramem.
Overall somewhat disappointed, expected better given the hype, may try again to see if the kitchen evolve.I came here expecting traditional ramen and I was disappointed. 
The positives are: fresh made noodles cooked perfectly. Dumplings, also fresh made. 
Negatives: The tonkotsu here doesn't have that milky emulsion you expect from a tonkotsu. Pork belly was pan fried and veggies sautéed, which was just too greasy in an already oily broth. My friend's pork shoulder likewise came off like greasy hamburger meat in oily broth. Go with the chicken if you must, it was the best of the three. 
If you want traditional Ramen, Little Tokyo is still our only option.First visit to Kin was a midweek lunch. Totally blown away! from the first bite of the dumpling appetizer ($5!) I knew I was going to have a fantastic meal. Got the ramen with a reduced broth - never had ramen like that before. the broth is served on a separate plate, very concentrated, and you dip your noodles in the sauce, so it's more of a super flavorful noodle dish than a soup. came with greens, soft boiled egg, and tender crispy chicken confit....oh man, it was so good. I will be back!We ate at Kin on a Wednesday night.  It's a small spot, but we had a reservation and were promptly seated.  The service, atmosphere, and food were excellent.  We went in with high expectations and were not disappointed.  The pork cheeks were wonderful as was the game hen.  We ordered every small plate and each was well executed.  The BYOB aspect was very nice as well.  Will definitely be back.Incredible flavors. Started with the sweet potato (or butternut squash?) dumpling which came with an spicy oil sauce. The sauce was incredible and the dumplings were better than I expected. 
I got the huxtabowl with spicy noodles and it came with a marinated boiled egg. I never knew a boiled egg could taste so good. 
Everything was fresh, the meat in the huxtabowl was crispy, and the broth was delicious. Staff was nice too.Came here before they switched to ramen only, but had ramen anyway (cause...ramen) and it was delicious! Good portions, great flavor, very authentic.I thought this place was fantastic! I came here a few weekends ago, and was surprised to see anything in this location (also, that Garden Thyme has moved). The space is really intimate and we happened to catch it on a slower night, so only the communal table was filled. It's great for couples and dates, but I imagine that unless you get the long table in the middle, group dining might be a little awkward. We split a shaved brussel sprout salad, the lamb entree and a spaetzel dish. All was delicious, generous portions for the price and not too heavy. I wish I could have tried more. The service was great, and we'll definitely be coming back!Amazing.  Absolutely amazing.  I've been to Kin three times so far, and I have always left happy and full.
As previous reviewers have stated, the menu changes from month to month depending on what ingredients are in season.  Because of this, not only are the dishes plated with the most beautifully vibrant vegetables you have ever seen, but they are also incredibly delicious and fresh to boot.  I eat everything on a Kin plate--even the garnish.
I won't go into too many details about what I have eaten here because the menu changes, but I have noticed that anything pork belly they serve is AMAZING.
The atmosphere is very inviting.  It's a really great place to get fine-dining quality food without the snooty atmosphere.
My favorite experience here so far was when I went for my birthday with my sisters.  We each ordered different things and sampled each other's plates.  It's a great date spot, but also a great place to bring a nice group of people so that you can share.  You'll want to order as much as possible!  Don't forget to order the tiramiso either--the homemade coffee ice cream that it comes with can't be described with words.
Excellent all around.Amazing authentic Japanese Ramen place. The location of the restaurant might fool you while you are driving but it is a cute little yellow hut on Washington Ave.
I had chicken ramen and my company had Pork one. We both enjoyed so much. The broth is deep and on point and the condiment veggies and noodles were excellent. Had chicken curry dumplings for appetizer as well and it was great.
The restaurante can accommodate table as well as bar-ish area. But due to the size of the restaurant, i would not recommend any group with 5+ people.  
Service was very good and the servers made sure everything was according to what we asked for. Great lunch place.Great food, staff and service (thanks Gabriel!). Huxta Bowl rocks. Yummy coffee. Great way to kick off NOLA weekend.Went for lunch on a Saturday an hour before closing. We sat right away. My fiancé and I ordered the fruit spritzers. I had mango and he chose to mix mango and blueberry. The mango spritzer was really nice and refreshing on a hot day. I advise not to mix the two fruits. It takes away from the flavor of the one fruit. We also had the dumplings. They were fried duck. Very tasty! The sauce we dipped them in was an aioli. 
I ordered kin. It was mussels and a few clams. The broth was hot and amazing! There weren't many noodles in my dish which I liked so because I had plenty mussels. My fiancé had a pork ramen dish. The broth had a good flavor but he kept eating my dish! It was a nice big piece of pork in his fish. An egg and a cake of some sort. We had a great experience.Really good ramen in Gert Town. Easy to miss driving by, but worth the effort. The ramen is so tasty. They put a spin on all the dishes. Dumplings with flavors like Chicken Marsala and Chicken Curry. The Pork Tonkatsu was delicious with perfectly cooked meat and noodles, but unusual twist of Brussels sprouts, bok choy and enoki mushrooms. It really works. Service was friendly and the prices were reasonable. Definitely will come back.The food here is excellent, best ramen in town!The food is excellent (as other reviewers have described more specifically) without being outrageously priced, the service is friendly and knowledgeable, and the ability to bring your own wine without any corkage fee is a plus.  However, I deduct one star because the noise level was so excessive when the small restaurant was full at dinner time on a Friday that our group of four had to lean into the table and literally shout at each other--not very pleasant for us or anyone else.I had lunch on a Friday with my husband at Kin- it was one of the best meals I have had in a long time! All do the food was fresh, flavorful and the flavors all went together perfectly. The service was excellent- our drinks didn't ever get below half full, and we were check on often. We started with the wind special of the day- they were crispy, spicy and delicious. My husband got the Huxta Bowl and I got the Chicken Cat-Su. Both broths were incredibly flavorful. The ingredients, such as corn and bok choy, were flavorful and still crisp. Nothing was mushy or seemed as if it had been sitting. Overall I was just so impressed with the high quality of everything and I can't wait to go back!I ordered the Karl Winslow. This is the vegan pho dish that comes without broth because their broths are animal based. Spicy as hell, so good! Will definitely order again. 
The place is tiny and the parking is limited but the food is awesome!!This is continuously the best ramen I've ever had! A tiny whole in the wall place that NEVER. EVER. DISAPPOINTS!!! We always get an order of their dumplings, wings, and a ramen each! Jennifer is the absolute best waitress!!Such huge flavor from such a tiny place!  The potsticker style shrimp curry dumplings were fantastic, bursting with flavor!  And the chicken ramen had so many different ingredients I couldn't begin to list them all but somehow they combined perfectly! 
Quick service Especially considering each dish is made to order!I wasn't quite sure what to think when I drove by, but I'm so glad we decided to go in! We loved the atmosphere of the place and all of the staff members were so friendly to us! We split the crawfish & jambalaya dumplings (when in NOLA...!) and I got the Pork Tonkotsu ramen. It was great! I haven't had ramen very many times, but this was definitely the best I've ever had! We left very full and happy. Check Kin out if you're in the area!Been here twice in one week .. Love this place .. It's kinda small but the ramen is so good , next in the cityI've been hearing about Kin for months and it's amazing!! The prices look expensive at first glance, but some stuff is pretty cheap and the rest us well worth every penny. I'd pay way more for that oxtail ramen. The chicken curry dumplings are the bomb!! Very happy. They make their own noodles, how fancy! 
The place doesn't even look like a restaurant and had a tiny sign. Kinda funny. Thr service was also wonderful. Just soooo happyIf you don't eat meat I would suggest not coming here. They have a ramen bowl with tofu that I was excited to try. I did not get ramen.
The waiter told us to make it meat free they would have to change the broth. Ok, fine. However, instead of using a vegetable broth as a soup base, they just got rid of the soup base and instead a friend and I received yakisoba. Honestly, while really disappointing, what was really upsetting was the fact that it was unbelievably spicy. Granted, the waiter warned us. And at first I could deal, but I just couldn't finish it. I could barely taste the flavor it was unnecessarily hot. Which just added to the disappointing experience. Why did they need to make it so hot? Why couldn't they just use a different broth?  I paid $14 for that meal and it was NOT worth it. Also the tofu was crumbled up in the ramen so I essentially ate noodles and vegetables on fire. The next day my friend and I had a wonderful experience in the bathroom.
Our friend who had another bowl liked hers, though she said there wasn't enough noodles. For the price I'd just make a bowl of ramen myself. Sad NOLA doesn't have another place.3.5/5  food over ambiance for sure
Can we just talk about how much crispy pork is in this bowl, how beautiful that egg is, how flavorful those hidden roasted cauliflower are, and how those greens bite back to balance? I mean, can we just? every bowl may seem like, oh totes doable, but about halfway you realize, oh, this bowl is deeper than i thought. i appreciate how they shake it up a bit, without tipping too far into weird fusion land. what i like is that the broth really carries it all. and all the ingredients come together, but also standup on their own. 
the thing that is a bit of a drawback is the space - it's tight in there, as you know. i find that sometimes the seat to table (or bar) height is off (for me, recognize we'll all have different experiences of this), so with table space limited it can get challenging. fidgeting takes your attention away from the terrific food.Had the huxta bowl and it was everything I hoped for. The noodle texture was perfect and the broth was rich and delicious. Also tried the honey rosemary wings and southwest dumplings. Dumplings were delicious. The wings were cooked perfectly but I wasn't a big fan of the rosemary and honey combination but it was different and fun to try. 
We sat at the bar and the bartender was super friendly and attentive, A+ service. 
Overall great experience and will return.Amazing dinner! The flavors literally pop in your mouth! My son and I started out with mango spritzers--delicious! We had two types of dumplings (shrimp and chicken/curry) and chicken wings for appetizers--all excellent. The stars of the night were the ramen bowls--shrimp for him him and pork belly for me. The flavors and texture were magnificent! We will be back soon!Oh my God! I love Kin so much. I am a huge ramen fan and New Orleans has been seriously lacking good ramen at a decent price. So much love, passion and attention to detail obviously goes into everything they do here from the dumplings, ramen, all the way down to the way they infuse their coffee with jasmine tea.  Fresh noodles made with alkaline salts!  Are you serious?!? Awesomeness!  It is a small space and they manage to maximize the seating in a very comfortable way.  The menu changes often and it really doesn't matter what you choose, you can bet it is going to be delicious. The staff is attentive, friendly and fun.  Love, love, love!I've been on a ramen kick lately and this place is probably some of the best I've had so far in New Orleans. I had the Huxta Bowl and it was very tasty with the mix of pork and chicken broth. The noodle texture was a little firmer than usual but in a good way. The bowl was packed with a plentiful portion of pork and veggies.  I put a little sriracha in the ramen and I was good to go! I also tried the chicken wings and they were perfectly crispy. The highlight of the wings though was the honey sauce on top that was the perfect blend of sweet and savory.
In terms of the restaurant, be prepared to have to sit right next to another group of people because seating is limited. This place may not be the best for large parties. I also believe they don't serve alcohol- a party next to us brought their own wine which was cool to me. Overall though, the ramen was worth it! I'll be back!This was my first time here and the service was great however, the flavor in the ramen was a little bit off.  Because of the burnt Brussel sprout in the ramen, it made the broth taste burnt also. I will not be coming back due to my experience here.This restaurant is a must visit but at a strategic time because it is tiny with limited seating. Earlier is the better in the evening before the rush. They do take reservations. Friendly service. Food is delicious. I had the Fish Bowl, both times I visited. Amazing amount of umami. Reasonably priced.This is the real deal. If you want authentic Japanese ramen, this is the place to go. The area is a little shady, but the restaurant itself is a delight to see and eat lunch or dinner at. The service was good, but slow and way too busy. I think the restaurant would profit from maybe hiring two more waiters. When it gets busy, expect your food to come out a little late.This restaurant is delightful! The seating is limited so I would definitely call ahead to make a reservation. The staff was very friendly and service was top notch. It's also still BYOB which helps to keep the bill less expensive! 
For our meal, we shared the asparagus with poached egg to start. This was delicious! The asparagus was done in 3 different ways-- and was the first time I had ever had white asparagus (which I'll look for again!). For the main meal I had the Cornish hen which was SO flavorful and juicy. My boyfriend had the oysters and gnocchi, which I can't eat because of an allergy, but said it was super tasty. 
Overall-- a great new experience!I have been many times and LOVE it! Their OX TAIL RAMEN was the greatest thing and I had many followers love this joint after trying it!! BUT so sad because I just went back to get my fix and they took it off. They said they like to change out items and have them on the menu no longer than 6 mo- 1 year. I nearly cried! why take off the BEST item. I am not the only one who feels this way about their oxtail. I hope it comes back! I had Huxta ramen instead this time and it was good... but not like my oxtail!We had Curry and Kofta Dumpling, Kawasaki ninja nuggets and Tom Yum w/ squid ink noodle and Oxtail Ramen w. spicey noodle soups. The food was fresh, well seasoned, and artfully presented.  Its a small menu with intriguing selections. Small but Open airy comfortable Space with an open kitchen...Very clean, Very much enjoyed the food and atmosphere, great service...This place has really cute atmosphere. Really cool on the inside and awesome waiter. Oh my god and the food is to die for. The vegan plate is sooo good.Kin is a unique and clever mastermind. Food is phenomenal and service is up to par. GO THERE. BECOME ENLIGHTENED.What can I say, they have amazing, flavorful, delicious ramen. I love how the chief takes ingredients and incorporate it into his broth. The ramen was filling with different flavors. We all have different ramens: pork tonkotsu, brisket ramen, and huxta bowl; all were delicious. In addition, the fruit spritzers are amazing! The portion are really good for the value of the meal. The place has a very modern vibe to it. The staff are very attentive and friendly. If they have any specials, those are a must trys.They changed their concept recently to small plates and ramen and man is it good.  The ramen is not authentic Japanese ramen, but the flavor and toppings were really good.  The only drawback was that the noodles were soggy, not al dente (katamen) like I like them.  The pork Gyoza starters we had were great.  The restaraunt itself is a cute little joint that has a neighborhood Japanese feel inside.  If you want ramen in New Orleans don't go to little Tokyo or Noodle and Pie, go here.Really excellent first experience. The wings were super crispy and delicious, the Ramens were so unique and deep in flavor. All of the add ins were fresh and tasty. Service was top notch. Will definitely be back.Very interesting concept of a small restaurant with a wow factor. 
We got at dumpling of the day: fried duck dumpling with lime aoli. The filling was tiny, the same feeling when you open a bag of chips and 1/2 of it goes missing. The filling itself is tasty. Maybe the next special dumpling would have a better filling. (I'm basing this on Chinese dumplings served from China Rose, where the dumplings are full and juicy)
My friend got the duck ramen where they served ramen with a separate broth on the side. I prefer the broth bowl to be deeper so you can get a good dip. The broth was a bit salty, my experience with these broth would be just a bit milder. 
I got the squid ink seafood ramen. The broth was delicious, muscles and clams were cooked correctly. Not sure why I'm always a sucker at getting squid ink pasta, I can never taste the uniqueness, it's more less a texture and color aspect. Maybe it's just me. 
Overall the dishes were a bit high for the type of food served. I get that it is upselling because it's a different spin of classic meeting modern. However you are still serving ramen (.99 a pack) food. Hard to rationalize the price even if you throw cute pea size tomatoes and cooking some outstanding broth. 
Please keep up the great work, as I would need to come in for dinner service.Came with a small group of colleagues on a work trip to Nola and ate here on our last night. Service was great, kudos to our waiter for top-notch menu knowledge across the board. Atmosphere was friendly but trendy (each chair has its own name!).
As for my meal, the dish is a cool idea with all the fresh ingredients, but it was almost too salty to eat. I was thirsty and dehydrated after the meal. Co-workers enjoyed their meals, came away each spending ~$15. Worth a try, and would likely come again if given the chance, I'd just ask for less salt next time!We went to Kin. It was fantastic. I have had ramen before - even in Japan, and none was as good as this. We had the Oxtail and Tonkotsu. Both were great but the Oxtail had perhaps the best broth I have ever tasted.It was pretty good. Love the design and atmosphere. I got the ramen with the fried chicken. I really liked it but was kind of in the salty side.This is a bold statement.  My favorite nola restaurant.  Dishes are complex and well thought out.  Every bite is delicious.  Game hen is outta this world.  Haven't tried lunch yet but have never been disappointment with dinner so far after several visits.  A must eat restaurant.Great Ramen, you have to be lucky on who cooks it though, I've been there more than once and had different experiences on different ramen meals, yet none of them have been bad. The fizzy drink are amazing too ;)Let me start with saying I never review places. Ever. 
But this place is AMAZING. We have been 3+ times now and each time is better than the last... The broth is so rich and deep and all the other elements perfectly complement it. Everything works together wonderfully. 
If you are looking for a next level ramen spot, Kin is THE place. 
I would definitely recommend the Huxta bowl or the bowl with the pork shoulder - DELISH! We have tried something new each time and we have never been disappointed. 
Just go here. Now!Oxtail ramen for the win, best flavor and texture. The beef is braised, so there's a crunchI'm afraid thar if I write this review that it would contribute to even longer waits at this restaurant. There are tables pushed together and also a two long bar seating areas. The tables are bare, you won't find condiments to add to your food because it comes out perfect. I tasted the tonkatsu and brisket and both were good. I tried the curry squash dumplings along with some wings that were sorta sweet and they were excellent too. The ramen noodles were great. It was fun to see them being made with that small kitchenaid mixer attachment, would someone get this good man a newer and faster mechanical pasta maker so the much worth the wait isn't so long?After waiting 45 minutes to be seated in the cold weather, we watched other people who arrived after us receive their food before us. We waited almost an hour to receive our food... and it was good! But after nearly two hours of waiting we were frustrated, starving, and tired. The staff was so nice, so I hate to complain... but it was a little ridiculous. Other people seemed to have similar waits, so if you want a quick dinner like we did, you might be disappointed. Good ramen, thoGot to eat lunch here on Saturday.  Thee is very limited seating so plan accordingly if you are trying to dine with a large group.  The crab dumplings were totally amazing and the vegetables on the plate were also very tasty.  I had the pork belly ramen and I must say the flavor was outstanding.  I may be the only person that wants less meat in the bowl, but I really wanted more noodles.  It was layered beautifully and the egg and bok choy with the Brussel sprouts was a flavor that satisfied.  The service was attentive and friendly.  My biggest complaint is the parking as it is really no existent (but I know that is part of New Orleans).  Will definitely go again and would recommend but only giving 4 out of 5.  Also you can bring your own beer if you want.Absolutely amazing umami flavors at this quaint little ramen shop.
Thr broth is made the way it should be.
The traditional Tonkotsu was a classic bowl and they had a Brisket ramen for something more akin to our local flavors.
Overall, you should go here if you need great ramen in your life.5 stars for the staff's kindness and welcoming attitudes :) 
 While riding my bike back from Metairie at top speed tonight, I approached the turn into my neighborhood with hunger in my belly.  I suddenly realized I simply couldn't face yet another boring box of Brother's fried chicken (or anything else from Brothers)  Options are quite limited in my hood, especially at night, to say the least. (Gert Town/Zion City.) One must get *very* well acquainted with the Brother's deep fryer, and while I really like their fried chicken,  anything gets tiresome after overuse.  
Imagine my delight at setting my eyes upon "Kin" restaurant?  I'd never seen this little place, didn't even know it existed! Right under my very nose!  I walked in a sweaty mess, and was immediately handed a glass of water(and they kept pouring) until I cooled down.   I was made to feel very welcome at such a late hour. (9:30pmish) I just ordered a take out of the dumplings..delicious!  They were so good, and came with a yummy little salad.  I will be back and will never forget how kindly I was treated.  I can't wait to come back, and properly enjoy KIN!Excellent blending of Vietnamese, Japanese and other Asian influences with a Nola flair. Just what we were looking for during our most recent trip for Jazz Fest.The place and the food looked really nice but I nearly died of salt overdose.
MI loveeeeee me some ramen. If you're looking for a good place to eat ramen, this is not the place to get it. When the ramen comes out it LOOKS amazing, but once you start eating there really isn't any flavor. Kind of taste like water.Great new place, great front of the house, chef is super enthusiastic about his dishes, my man friend and I brought a nice bottle of wine and throughly enjoyed our experience. Don't let the chicken mc nuggets billboard on the top of the building fool you!I'd give it more stars but I don't know how the food tastes. The one other table here seemed to like theirs... I'll let you know if we ever eat how it was.We picked up Ramen last night. It was the best ramen we've had in the city. Not great but better than the rest. 
I had the pork tonkotsu.  It came with pork in the way of pork belly cracklins. It also had bok choy, broccoli, squash and half an egg. IMHO, ramen hinges on the broth. Kim broth was well seasoned but a little thin. Didn't have the richness I was expecting from the tonkotsu. Contents were solid. I would prefer a big hunk of pork belly over the cracklin style but they were tasty. Noodles were decent.  They have a spicy noodle option which Shari V tried. Looked like red noodles. I would prefer they season the broth over the noodles. 
The take-away setup is awesome for ramen.  The broth is separate from the solid ingredients. The bowl they provide is perfectly sized. Shari V saved the bowls she liked them so much. 
Overall, we will repeat Kin. I think they're ramen is head and shoulders above anyone else we've tried in town. Not outstanding by ramen standards but it gets the job done.I don't usually write many reviews on Yelp, but Kin just made me have to write one! Came here with a friend for my birthday, Kin really made my birthday so much more satisfied and memorable. 
I didn't know it was BYOB so didn't bring any drink, but our server recommended the fruit spritzers (peach/blueberry) which didn't disappoint us at all. WOW, it was DELICIOUS!!! You feel like you are in heaven and you can actually taste the fruit with fresh mint in it. Even you brought your own bottle, I still highly recommend it!
And the main entrees were fabulous! Like many others said, every bite feels just right, you have a good combination of meats, vegetables and great flavor. You can tell that they really spend time coming out with all the amazing dishes full of passion!
For desserts, we ordered a bread pudding to share. The shape was cute and it tasted pretty good. With the French pressed iced coffee, it is a nice treat!
I wouldn't really mind it being a little pricey, you really get what you paid for - original and creative dishes, exclusive and cozy atmosphere, super friendly and attentive servers, happy mood!
Will definitely come back for lunch and also a cute little place for a date night out! :)Probably the only decent ramen place in the New Orleans and Baton Rouge area. Place was small and unassuming. Love the open kitchen. The flavor of the broth is very well developed and fatty. I had the Huxta ramen, which was very good. I also ordered it with the spicy ramen for $1 extra. I personally didn't think it was worth it as the broth was spicy already. Noodles were a little on the al dente side, which I like. We also had the fried duchess pumpkin dumpling. 4 came to an order and it was not worth the extra $5 for me.Wow! What a surprise this little place turned out to be! Everything we had from the iced coffee to Brussel sprouts and pork belly appetizers to the red snapper and lamp entrees was amazing! Most interesting combination of flavors, beautifully presented, reasonably priced. Will definitely be back!The place is so tiny! We had to wait 30mins for a table. Menu is so limited and they have as many servers there as much as customers in there. Which is odd for a tight fit restaurant. Everything was really pricey and I don't think any of the food was great. It was ok. Small portions and we literally ordered at least every item on their menu just to have a taste test. I don't see what was all the fuss about this place but it's not really Asian cuisine. Food wasn't horrible but wasn't definitely good enough for price we paid. Disappointed!Well, finally a restaurant that I haven't been "meh" about. I feel like a lot of once excellent restaurants have been resting on their laurels and throwing creativity out the window. And then I went to Kin.
This place is tiny. Like super tiny. It's only bar seating or at a communal table. I really loved this. My partner and I chatted with several adjacent diners and it enhanced the experience. Plus, you get to see more of the amazing plates up close. 
I got the mussels to start and the catfish as my entree. Holy lord. I just kept saying to myself that it had been so long since I had food so inventive and thought out in the city. The cuisine was hitting every possible part of my palate. It was complex, intelligent and executed so skillfully. 
Kudos to this team and I cannot wait to go back.Tried calling to make a reservation to be told that they don't take reservations. A bit confused and now also less excited to try it. Worth the hassle?
Make reservations in advance.
They can't make room for 2 with 12-14 free seats. Excited to go back. I think.The food here is incredible! You can't wrong with any of the ramen bowls. They definitely put a lot of heart and energy into their product here.
I came here on a seemingly  relaxed Thursday night, and we waited somewhere in the neighborhood of 45 minutes for our entrees (3 ramen bowls). Our server was nice as could be about it, but it definitely put the tiniest scratch on the experience.Favorite restaurant in New Orleans. Food like you've never had before, guaranteed. Incredibly creative, artistic and forward-thinking chefs. If you're going for lunch, go for the ramen. It's a no-brainer. I'm petitioning to get the Tsukemen back on the menu. Also, make sure to get whatever the dumpling of the day is. I've had anything from chicken pot pie to shrimp taco to jalapeno popper dumplings. All SO spot on. I even eat the garnish. For dinner, I can't really pick a favorite. EVERYTHING is good. The menu is constantly changing so you can go every month and get a brand new meal. If you haven't gone yet, make Kin your next date night spot. You will NOT regret it.BRO!!!!!! This place is the best thing since sliced bread! The oxtail is to die for! and the pork belly tastes like god himself dropped it off at the table!!! My waiter Gabriel was killing the game last night he provided a great atmosphere and was really helpful when it came to the menu. Great place if you haven't made your mind up on going here "just do it" -shia lebeouf.Probably one of the best ramen I've had in a while. Very limited seating and no substitutions allowed on the menu. I loved that the dumplings are varied with daily new offerings. 
Menu is short and simple which lends to little confusion. BOYB but there is a corkage fee. Service is fast and efficient. Think of the ramen bowl as your traditional ramen but with a twist. You'll see toppings like caramelized brussel sprouts and thicker cuts of meat than the traditional thinly sliced. Soft boiled egg-perfect consistency. The broth is on point. The noodles are cooked to the perfect al dente.
The one thing I forgot to ask for is togarashi and chili oil. It  doesn't hurt to add a little bit of kick to your bowl.Small hidden gem. Good service. Friendly staff. Good food. Appitizeres were surprisingly large. They change their menu monthly. My friends and I came in February. We are planning on coming here again in March. I believe they are bringing back the best dishes from 2015 for there 1 year anniversary.Kin is fantastic! Went here to celebrate my birthday last night. Service, food, and atmosphere were all wonderful. It's small, but makes it cute and cozy, was even kind of fun to sit at large table with other diners, especially since they all joined in in singing and toasting happy birthday. 
We ordered a few small plates, a few large plates and dessert. My favorites were the short rib small plate and the corn and tagliatelle large plate. Also had the cheeks, hen with glutinous rice, and the lamb and curry. All very good, dessert was also on point. I didn't have a hand in ordering it but it was some sort of tiramisu which I usually find boring, not this time! Go!I heard about of mixed reviews about this place. Either people really loved this place, or people hated this place. For me, it wasn't bad at all. I just had one complaint about the food, but it wasn't a big of a deal. 
Our server, Gabe, is really funny and interactive. He will never leave you bored and he's really nice. Also, he's a friend of mines. So if you know Gabe, you should know his bubbly, goofy personality. 
Appetizer: Wings-we ordered the spicier version of the chicken and it was really good. It wasn't really spicy, although a pepper got stuck in my throat. So it burned a bit. 
Hutxa Bowl $14- Had a lot of things going on. Ground pork shoulder lemongrass, marinated boiled eggs, bokchoy, and garlic roasted miso corns. I was wasn't sure how it was taste, but everything complimented each other fairly. EXCEPT for the egg! It had a sour taste which I did not like. Next time no boiled egg. 
Pork tonkatsu and Oxtail Ramen $14- these two are my friends' favorite and they always get it when they eat at KinFood was good. We had the chicken ramen and the tom yum ramen. The pork belly looked good. Unfortunately our wait was intolerably long. We had 1 plate of dumplings and 2 ramen bowls and it took us 30 mins to get our food--after we got seated. This was at 1:45PM, so certainly not peak time.Always great-very creative without going over the top-the chef is very talented!Have been there several times for both lunch and dinner!Update: We live in North Louisiana, so when we're in or near NOLA we want Kin!  We went back for the second time after being in Chalmette; the food is still just as amazing. 
Noodles made in house, rich and flavorful broth.  We got the pork tonkotsu ramen again, it was too good last time to pass up.  I wish there was a full egg in the ramen because the egg is SO good!  And the brussel sprouts are probably my favorite thing in the bowl, other than the noodles and broth of course.  My pork still had a delightful crispiness to it. 
We got lucky the first time we came here, there were very few people and we were seated quickly.  The second time we actually ended up waiting about 45 to an hour for TO GO ramen. 
It was initially annoying, the restaurant seating is limited and there is no where to sit while you wait for to go food.  There is an outside bench but people were waiting to be seated there, so we stood in the restaurant.  It was cramped and a little awkward.  I do not recommend Kin for groups larger than 4 unless you call in advance. Plus, all of the seating is so close together that you will definitely be seated next to someone whom you do not know during their busy times.  You could make a new friend, or it could dull your dining experience. I would love to see them expand one day, even some outdoor tables would be a great option.
Parking is another issue this location has.  Their lot is small, we had to park on the curb near the restaurant. Since they were busy this time, we had an especially difficult time parking and getting the food compared to our first time. 
All that said, the wait and awkward parking was SO worth it. They had to go ramen bowls with lids that held all the noodles and toppings, and a separate container full of broth.  Loved this!  I thought they would have to through it all together in a big bowl.  
We were just taking it to the car to sit and eat, but what a great way to transport it without worrying about the noodles losing their bounce or your egg yolk cooking on the ride home.  They even had plastic soup spoons to take with. 
We will be back!  And we will call ahead next timeThis food was so delicious.  It is a perfect blend of many different flavors.  The seafood dumplings were incredible.  Also loved the game hen and braised pork cheeks, which was the special that night.  The only suggestion I have is to put bistro tables outside for alfresco dining or as a place for those waiting on a table to sit as I know there will be a line at this place for a while.Both the food and the service were excellent here. Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu. The red snapper entree and pork cheeks small plate were both crazy delicious. The goat entree was also good. It is BYOB and no cork fee! This is a very small restaurant and I would not recommend a party larger than 4 going.
Trust me, you really want to go eat here.Amazing doesn't even begin to describe the food here. This is quickly becoming a weekly stop for us! Everything is delicious. EVERYTHING. Not one flop on the rotating menu. Each time we eat here is better than the last. We just left and we are already planning our next visit!Kin is such a gem. The ingredients are always fresh and interesting. You must try the pork and oxtail ramen bowls. Definitely high quality. The staff is also very friendly.Can't say enough about this place. Incredibly tasty food cooked w fresh ingredients! I get the Forest Wings every time. Perfect combo of spice and deep flavor. I constantly crave the Huxtabowl when I am not at Kin. It rocks. Had the Brisket ramen tonight and it was off the chain. Kin is consistent, which is important to me. I could drink their broth to stay alive. I wish that was my life. Thank you for being you, Kin.One of the hands down best meals I have eaten in 2015.  Kin was an enjoyable experience start to finish.  Small unassuming dining room but I always enjoy counter seating.  Service was friendly and I love the current byob status.  However the food was the star of the show.  Started with a beef carpaccio with a wonderful salad and some sardines on top - sounds a little odd but all flavors worked wonderfully.  Other starter was a boudin wonton that was excellent.  Mains were a lamb shank in a hoison sauce and a game hen expertly cooked on a bed of short grain brown rice done in a risotto style.  Could not fault any of it.  This is fusion food done at the highest level with wonderful creativity and an artistic and light touch.  Liberal use of ginger in these dishes stood out as a common and delightful theme that I truly enjoyed.  The price point is solid with entrees hovering around $25. With the current BYOB status this is an absolute steal. Highly recommended.This place is an absolute diamond in the rough. Let me be clear; I mean diamond in the rough in every sense of the phrase. It is a tiny, almost cottage looking (adorable) restaurant, in the most random intersection of town. Parking is a little bleak, and you will probably drive by this place before you realize it is a dining establishment, but I promise you, once you arrive your taste buds will be blessed. I always get the Huxta Bowl (delicious and punny, they just don't disappoint). It is fantastic. I am literally drooling as I try to find a way to describe this masterpiece. The noodles are made in house and every bowl of ramen is an absolute knockout, stunner, solid 10, drop dead gorgeous, can I take you on a date, I think I am in love, delectable. I also always get the appetizers on special. My advice: don't even ask what it is just order all of it.From the crispy chicken, to the dumplings, and of course the ramen...everything here is delicious!Oxtail ramen is on point. Rich broth with lots of flavor. Very cute place, too.My lunch here was completely amazing. I had the Huxtabowl and it was delicious. We also shared the general meow's wings for an appetizer and they were wonderful. I don't even like chicken wings but these are game changers.Second time eating here and it was just as  as last time! Chicken Marsala dumplings and crispy wings on point, followed by a tasty serving braised pork cheeks and oxtail ramen. Banana bread pudding w/ walnut praline ice cream for dessert. This place is amazing!I absolutely love this place! Kin serves solid and delicious food. I appreciate the creative menu items, which relieves me from the usual New Orleans cuisine. 
Simple menu: 
I normally feel good about simple menus because I feel more energy and love goes into the food. Surely, it makes ordering easier. The menu changes monthly so I can expect new items to savor. 
Consistency: 
Love the fact the service here is always consistent. The waitstaff are always attentive and my glass of water is never empty. 
I sound like a broken record but the food here has yet to disappoint. 
Open kitchen: 
One plus for me at any restaurants is an open kitchen. Keep in mind, Kin is a quaint place with modest seating. I can see the fluid movements in the tight kitchen between several people preparing the food. They are in sync and everything flows nicely.The new ramen menu seems like a better option for this location than their previous menu.  The chicken and oxtail ramen I have had here have both been good.  The "spicy" noodles really didn't taste any different or seem to have any spice difference than the normal noodles.  I didn't really find the shrimp dumplings to be worthwhile and I wouldn't get them again.  Overall I like the ramen soups for a change of pace from my normal pho options but at double the price of pho I probably won't make a regular habit of it.I seriously love this place! I have recommended it to everyone I know! We started off with chicken curry fried dumplings- amazing- then we all ordered different types of ramen so we could taste them. All of them were so good! Pork tonkatsu was my favorite- the broth was heavenly, and they make their own noodles. We all had leftovers with the amount of food you receive. I can't wait to go again!oh, and the pineapple spritzer was on point!A good ramen bowl is hard to find in New Orleans. There are just a few places but this one is the best! I was a fan of the huxta bowl and now I am in love with the meow meow. You can't beat hand made noodlesI'm a HUGE RAMEN LOVER. I always try and make it my duty to try ramen at different places I visit when I'm not home. This place hits the nail on the head with everything. The food was fresh. The ramen was AMAZING !!!!!! Like the factor I could taste so many flavors and spices really made the experience that much more delightful. 
I loved the community table set up. I got to meet a nice man who I chatted it up with and gave me the history of the restaurant, he and even hooked me up with tickets to a jazz show. I will make this a go to spot for sure when I visit NOLA. I wish I had a bowl now!!!!Make reservations in advance.
They can't make room for 2 with 12-14 free seats. Excited to go back. I think.That is the best damn shit I've ever eaten in my whole damn life! The blini that was with my duck leg was phenomenal. The dinosaur sized Porkchop was also spectacular. Make sure you bring yourself a bottle of wine. My wife had the prosciutto and kale salad, it was divine. She also had the shrimp and risotto with a splash of fresh lime juice it was out of this world.Parking? What parking? Doesn't matter. Excellent wait staff, excellent noodles. Seriously. Best ramen in the city that I've tried so far. Their dessert? I ordered the lemon pound cake with Earl Grey tea. Rich and decadent yet the delicate flavors in each aren't drowned by the obvious sweetness.Great service and food every single time that I've been here. 
My husband and I have tried many dishes over the last year and we loved them all! It's so hard to just describe one specific dish because they change their menu often and they're all so unique and delicious. Every component and flavor is carefully thought out and it all works together really well. Ingredients are always fresh! If you want high quality and great tasting food, then this is the place to be. 
The only minor thing is that it's a really small restaurant and so seating is limited. The food and service is totally worth the wait though.My sister and I went for lunch, and it was an absolutely wonderful experience. The small space/ open kitchen vibe is really lovely. But the real show stopper: the ramen!! The ramen is only available for lunch and is the tastiest thing I have had in a long while. They even had gluten free noodles to accommodate my sister. I got the Huxta, which I could literally eat everyday forever. My sis got the paitan, which she says "was really good and I like the egg a lot." Overall, great experience.Sooooooo great ramen. Came here after a long, exhausting day of math problem solving during the final exam period and I just couldn't be happier when I chowed down that entire bowl of meow meow bowl. Soup, noodles, toppings, ALL HEAVENUmm gotta get this in your life. The ramen is the best I have ever had. Unfortunately for me it's in New Orleans so I'll be craving it next week. The hubs and I enjoyed delectable dumplings and we each had a different ramen.  He had the tonkatsu and I had the oxtail.  The pork belly had a nice crisp to it, unique to this shop from my experience. The oxtail was delicious and balanced between meatiness, seasoning and fat.Came here after a couple drinks so this review may be offset towards the positive. That being said Kin is great. Definitely the best ramen I've had in New Orleans, and I'm glad that New Orleans is finally getting some good Ramen spots. 
I went with the classic Tonkotsu and the broth, as expected, was awesome, very flavorful and creamy.  The brussels sprouts were a nice hipster touch to the otherwise traditional tonkotsu. They cooked really well. The enoki mushroom I also enjoyed, although it was a bit hard to eat. 
The place is small and quaint - the perfect place for a cold night when you crave ramen (since we get so many of those in New Orleans), and the service was nice.
Also kudos to these guys for doing a vegan ramen, which is uncommon, but I'm sure is what I'll try next time. 
Kin is a catch. Worth checking out for sure.First things first, this is a diamond in the rough. As you walk in the door, you are greeted by the most friendly staff. It's best to make reservations and bring a bottle of wine of your choice, if you drink. There is so much thought put into this place to make it feel like you know the owner personally. The chairs are branded with different names, above the stove, it reads " but did you die". Lol and no I did not die from trying food that I have never had before. It feels as if you are right there in the kitchen with the guys as you can sit back and watch their every move. (One thing I really love to do). We ordered the watermelon and tofu, the spare ribs and cucumber, game hen and rice, pork and guava, the peach and bourbon sorbet and last but not least the tiramisu and chocolate ice cream. 
This place has left me with one thing to say, "HOLY SHIT".....Every single bite was PERFECTLY filled with the right amount of flavor. Nothing was over cooked or under cooked. The freshness of.... Well everything blended together so well to make each bite taste like heaven. I could eat at this place EVERY day. So with that being said I will frequent Kin. The menus change every month depending on what is in season. I literally can not wait to go back.I got the meow meow Raman. It was the best I've ever had. The noodles are fresh and it's filling. My husband got the bou-Che (misspelled) bowl. HIGHLY recommend asking for pepper on the SIDE. His was so hot he could only take a couple bites lol. He didn't finish it at all. I could smell the heat coming from it. He LOVES spicy food, but even this was too spicy for him. His nose was running and tears coming from his eyes. He thinks without the pepper, that soup would have been outstanding. The dumplings were also great. Totally different than your ordinary Chinese dumplings.Cute little restaurant. We enjoyed our ramen and the customer services were good. They noticed my daughter being cranky in the restaurant and offered her ice cream after her meal which is so nice of them. I will be back !An unexpected journey..... a modest looking place from the outside but bursting with flavors on the inside.
Limited siting space but the food is good. Their potstickers and ramen are delicious!Amazing food and great service! We went on a Saturday afternoon, and there was a bit of a wait. They have outdoor seating so it was comfortable. We were seated at the bar and the bartender/waitress explained the dumplings & wing flavor of the day. I ordered the "meow meow" ramen, which consisted of pork belly. The dish  was amazing! The service and food was great, and I will definitely be back!My first time here and I enjoyed everything. We got one of the daily chicken wing flavors and one of the daily dumpling flavors and they were so flavorful. I loved it. I don't eat pork so I got the fish ramen and that was amazing ! I didn't eat it all because I got full off the appetizers and need to say, the soup was still good after a few hours. A must try!Only one word: FLAVORTOWN!! Wow so delicious. & great nice workers. Wings are delicious. Must get. The oyster butter wings are unreal delicious! And you can BYOB!Great food and great atmosphere.  Was a bit pricier than the restaurants we normally frequent but worth it!Great ramen. Flavorful and hearty. My favorite spot this year hand's down. The brisket is my fav.American ramen is such an interesting subgroup of cuisine. No two places are alike, and they all seem to do some things really well, and a few things really poorly. This is one of the better ramen places I've tried in the US, but the price and noodles were (slight) misses.
What I like a lot about Kin are the vibes. The restaurant unabashedly claims to be inauthentic, the staff is cool and racially diverse, and the setting and location are off the beaten-path away from downtown (but not too far at all). It completely feels like it's not trying too hard, at all, and I like that. Service isn't an issue because it's impossible for you to be ignored, since the place is small.
My girlfriend and I both chose the pork tonkotsu, as I have realized that pork broth is my favorite choice for ramen. My girlfriend pointed out that, like in China, they use crispy pork belly here. This is the first place I've seen that method used, and it complements the rest of the dish well. The rest of the ingredients used, including cauliflower and bok choy, aggregate to a slightly less flavorful ramen meal than you might be accustomed to, but I think it's a nice break from what most American ramen places provide you, which is in-your-face flavor of too many hearty ingredients.
All this almost makes up for the most unfortunate part of the meal: the actual noodles. Their noodles are homemade. I give props for effort, but they were a little too chewy (like boiled too long, maybe). Also, there weren't enough noodles served in the dish. So it left me in this awkward state of wanting more noodles but realizing I didn't care for the noodles so uhhhhh...
Despite the noodle matter, my overall satisfaction is high.Change the whole game on ramen noodles! Soo good and filling. I had the fish bowl. My bf had boojee bowl and like it. Cookies and cream (blondie & ice cream was okay; not sweet.Food and staff was amazing. Gabe the waiter was very helpful and knowledgeable. I ordered the boo-gee bowl, twas very delicious. Dumplings were off the chain as well. Only downside was the availability of getting a seat, but overall great place.We went last night with a group of 6 and had an AMAZING dinner. We did call ahead for reservations and were told we would be seated at a communal table. When we arrived, we were seated at the large communal table (seating for 12) in the middle of the restaurant..however no other dinners joined us. The "bar" seating was full. BYOB :) 
The service was right on, nothing fancy, but very attentive. Water glasses were refilled regularly and explanations of the menu were given with enthusiasm. 
We ordered a delightful selection of small plates, large plates, and dessert. 
Fresh Bread was served with a Mushroom Pate and Black Garlic and Oil. 
Small Plates: ($8-$12) 
Burrata and Tomatoes: 
Delicious and refreshing. Great for a warm night. Creamy Burrata with tomatoes in a vinaigrette with surprise fried tomatoes?! mixed in. 
Pork Belly and Slaw:
No explanation needed. ORDER THIS! 
Brussels and Cherries:
Really good brussels sprout slaw with cherries and other goodness. 
Large Plates: (~$20) 
Oysters and Gnocchi:
Two of my favorite things that I have never seen paired together. Deliciously decadent and flavorful. Oysters were plump and fried right and the gnocchi was rich. 
Duck and Spaetzle:
Duck was flavorful and tender. The spaetzle was different than what was expected, but not a bad thing. It was delicious. 
Fish Special: 
Very fresh and tasty. 
Desserts: ($6-$11) 
tiraMISO:
A play on the traditional Tiramisu with a MISO twist. Sweet and salty. 
Strawberry Fatboy:
A twist on strawberry shortcake. Served with a biscuit, homemade strawberry ice cream, strawberries, and basil. YUM! 
Banana Bread Pudding:
Sauteed and Fried bananas served over a rich bread pudding. GET THIS. 
Overall, Kin is a very small restaurant in an out of place location, but that is also why I really enjoyed it. Kin will be a hidden gem for a bit, but I am sure they will do quite well. The food is well thought out, innovative, fresh, and delicious. I can not wait to return. The staff was super friendly (unlike some new NOLA restaurants) and accommodating. We spoke with the chef on departure and could feel the enthusiasm. It's lovely to support locals with a passion.
Thanks for a great night! See you soon KinforDinDin!I absolutely love the food here. It is super delicious, includes fresh ingredients, is always beautifully arranged and the flavor combinations are superb. Kin does a great job of having a small, tight menu and nailing everything on it. 
Seating is limited but if you come on the later side of lunch hour, you shouldn't have a problem finding a couple of seats at the bar. 
The one area that could be improved is the service. Our waitress got our order wrong and also forgot to include part of our order when she submitted it to the kitchen. Not a huge deal, but something that I would not expect at a place that charges this much for lunch.Immediately sold on this place upon walking in the door and being hit in the face with all the smells. To my right I see one of the guys hand pulling noodles and to my left all the other customers face down in their bowls. 
The setup is very cool because I feel like I'm at the kitchen table being able to see everything be cooked. We only waited about 10 min for seats. 
Guy sitting next to me gifted me a beer which made me realize its BYOB. They will put ur drink in their fridge if you'd like. 
For appetizers we had wings and dumplings. They were really good but my ramen was even better. The noodles were perfect and the broth I could've had alone and been perfectly satisfied. My beef was surprisingly tender even though I would've preferred it more rare. It was very filling so I only made it halfway thru my bowl. 
I'll definitely be back!