came here around 1a on NYE, glad we stumbled upon this spot. we wanted some cocktails to continue to toast the new year. there was a nice crowd and lively energy as soon as we walked in and we luckily snagged seats at the bar. the bartenders were busy but you could see that they took care and were meticulous about each drink they made. we are fan of this type of artistry and enjoyed a few different cocktails (moscow mules, pimm's cup...can't remember the rest). would definitely recommend this spot, drinks and bartenders are top notch!Auf den ersten Blick eine Bar, aber im hinteren Bereich befindet sich ein großes Restaurant. Wir waren 6 Erwachsene und ein Kleinkind und bekamen einen separaten Raum, in dem wir die Klimaanlage und die Lautstärke der sehr guten Musik selbst regeln konnten. Die Speisekarte und die Getränkekarte sind ausreichend vielfältig. Alle Gerichte die wir bestellt haben waren schmackhaft und wir wurden satt. Der Service war sehr freundlich und persönlich. Ein sehr gelungenes Abendessen im French Quarter.Excellent food and service..... yummy martinis ....
Place is new or looks like it . U need to walk like two block from the principal st but you are not gonna regret itDrink are amazing! Service is excellent. Food is good but nothing really blew us away. We got the pork chop, fresh fish and scallops. The pork chop was the best by far. Will be back again for drinks.This ended up being our new go-to place for Happy Hour in the French Quarter during our last trip to NOLA. Both the pork buns and the cracklings with pimento cheese were clear winners, and the prices on both small plates and beer are great. Service was friendly and the one bad beer we ordered was taken off our bill, which we in no way expected. A great place to rest your feet and have a very tasty snack in the afternoon.My friends and I were here twice.
On Saturday of Memorial Day weekend, we stopped in for cocktails to take a break from sightseeing and shopping. The alcoholic drinks are truly imaginative and are done well. All 4 of us in my party had something different and all of us agreed they were great.
The next night we ate dinner here and it was truly amazing how good the food was. I had the Shrimp Gaufre as an appetizer and the Superette Cochon de lait for my entree and it was out of this world.
The only disappointing part was the non alcoholic drinks. I ordered an iced tea and upon asking for a refill was told that they were making a fresh batch. After much waiting and no refill, I asked and found out that the new batch of iced tea did "not meet their quality standards" and they would not be making any more. WHAT? How about offering me another soft drink? How about coming and telling me rather than me waiting and waiting? The ball was dropped with the coffee that I ordered with dessert as well. It was not only NOT good but was NOT hot. I do realize that people don't go to NOLA for the non alcoholic drinks but come on. 
For me, after drinking great cocktails and eating a fine meal, the coffee with dessert is the final impression of any restaurant.Oh my gosh. Marinated crab claws?! Sweet, spicy and delicious. Fish tacos to die for.Went to NOLA for a birthday getaway and this was our first dining experience in NOLA. The service was great more than great amazing. They were informative about any question we had and suggest great things. The drinks are strong, delicious, and interesting. One person had the stuffed pepper YUM. I'm not a fan of hotdog, brats, sausage in general so i took the risk and order the Gumbo and it was DOUBLE YUM. They had a blueberry drink and that was just good. Very relaxing place to have your first dinner in NOLAKing fish caught our attention because of the beautiful sound of the piano being played by the entrance. With that said, we sat by the bar which had a nice and intimate ambiance and ordered the shredded pork nachos and the risotto. The two was ordered as appetizers which was more than enough for the two of us. The food was delicious and we couldn't have been more pleased with everything.Great bar. The farmers market vegetables and the French Pearl cocktail were outstanding! I'd get those again and again.
The Crab dish was pretty good.
The staff recommended the shrimp and okra and it looked delicious but the shrimp were terrible. I was shocked because it was the first time I'd had bad shrimp in New Orleans. Maybe we got a bad batch. 
We traded them in for the Alligator Wings. These were pretty gamey and just a bit too bony for me. The sauce was meh.The food was mediocre and the service horrendous.  The pompano was clearly not fresh which is shocking and unacceptable for a 'nice' restaurant in NOLAThe service here was excellent and the food was delicious. The setting was clean and beautiful. They even had a small garden area off to the side that led to the bathrooms. Great place to take photos if you love taking pictures. Our waitress Angelina was a darling and explained the food to our large party patiently. Next time I come to NOLA, I will definitely return to this restaurant. Thanks Angelina!To update my rating on Kingfish I'd like to start off with saying this is now one of my favorite places to dine in New Orleans. Service was impeccable and the food outstanding. Our server Kayla made some great suggestions and did not miss a beat in making sure we had everything we needed. She suggested the special of the night which was a 16oz ribeye with habanero sauce with peaches and fingerling potatoes. The way she described it had me drooling and it was just as good as I had hoped. I'd like to thank the manager on staff as well for taking great care of us. I will certainly come back every time I visit and definitely recommend Kingfish to anyone I know who is visiting as well.Having lived know NOLA for 3 years, I must say this is where I had one of the least favorite meals. a friend was in town for about 4 days and wanted to southern food for all of her meals. After hitting up many restaurants, I thought I would give this a try. My gumbo hardly had anything it and tastes mostly like black beans and she disliked her crab bisque. After we returned both, the waiter brought out a second gumbo explaining "this is what it is supposed to look like." (So the first wasn't the real deal?) we ordered alligators wings on hopes of salvaging our appetizer experience but the meal was dry. Finally, we both didn't like our meals. She was underwhelmed by her choice of scallops and I had the rabbit. Now, rabbit is one of my favorite meals to have in NOLA but this was very disappointing. The meat was dry and it was drowned in a overpowering sweet blue berry sauce. The veggies on the plate were poorly seasoning. I will not be returning.Chef Nathan really put together something incredible at Kingfish. I had the pleasure of stopping by and indulging in probably the best pork chop I've had in this city! It was an impressive sized chop with a ginger marinade, served with smoked cabbage that tastes similar to sauerkraut, topped with a sweet potato purée and mustard seeds that just take your taste buds on a stair way to HEAVEN! I loved the German inspiration in this dish and a wonderful surprise on a well rounded menu that is eager to please almost anyone who dines. I've been in a few times now and this is definitely my favorite dish, but wow, I've never been disappointed by anything I've had here. The whole fish is impressive, the risotto is basically savory candy, and the Ribeye is fall off the bone and crazy good! The staff is also some of the best, full of locals who just want to help me have a better experience, not only at their restaurant, but ready with recommendations on other local hot spots. Hannah is a genuinely seductive server, Justin and Courtney are infectious to watch behind the bar, and the managers are always on the floor making sure my experience is exactly what I want it to be! Thank you Kingfish and the people running it, I truly felt cozy, comfortable, and wonderfully satisfied. I will be back very soon!This place is wonderful. I came here for an early dinner Friday with two friends and we had a GREAT time! The food was spectacular as well as the service. We sat at the table closest to the sidewalk. They keep the door open so it was a nice and cool breeze. Couldn't ask for better weather. 
We started off with the happy hour menu. I got the gumbo. It was probably one of the best gumbos I've ever had. My only complaint is that I wanted more. Next time I come I'll definitely get the normal appetizer size. I suggest you do the same. 
For my entree I got the jambalaya risotto. This was the real star. So creamy and perfect in every way. It was very rich so I suggest sharing this with a few people but it is definitely a must have. 
To cut the richness of the risotto I ordered the side dish of the kale salad with some fresh citrus. This was equally as good and I also highly recommend! It's a very unique flavor and definitely a crowd pleaser. 
My friend ordered the salad which was great. Can't remember what it was called but it did have homemade croutons which were REALLY good! 
For dessert we had the foie gras king cake. I wish they had this on their menu all year long and not just for carnival season. I was told they have fun desserts all the time so I'm excited to go back and see for myself! As for this king cake, it was unlike anything I've ever had before. It wasn't too sweet and had a faint foie Gras taste with three big pieces in the middle of the plate. Definitely one of the best king cakes I've ever had. Totally worth the hype! 
They had a great beer and wine selection for happy hour as well. Next time I come I want to try out their cocktails. The table next to us was raving about them throughout dinner! 
The only downside is parking BUT you're in the quarter so that's expected. I suggest ubering to the restaurant! 
As for the service, our waitress was amazing. I wish I could remember her name but she was so friendly and very helpful in navigating through the menu. The food came out at a normal pace. We weren't in a rush so it was perfect. We got to really enjoy ourselves, the food and the great weather.Ask for Justin in the bar!! Attention to detail is shown in every drink made. Craft cocktails!! He's the man!!My husband and I love the Kingfish! They never disappoint! We are from New Orleans and this is our go to spot in the Quarter. 
We've been here on quite a few occasions for brunch, lunch, and dinner. All were excellent meals! 
For brunch one time, we started out with the hush puppies, fried boudin balls, crawfish chowder, and gratin... YUM! Completely with mimosas, of course! All I have to say is fried boudin with cane syrup mustard will change your world! 
Another time, we went for dinner with a few friends from Mississippi who are will be moving to the city soon. They completely fell in love this this place. They ordered the Pulled Pork Nachos.... Cracklin' topped with delicious pulled pork and pimento cheese, I mean what is there NOT to love about this?!? We also go the fish tacos. It's deconstructed, which I love, so you make your own taco. Great to share at a table! The black drum was fresh and seasoned nicely served with a chimichurri and Sriracha aioli! So so so good!!!
Not only is the food fantastic, but they have some of the best cocktails!! My husband judges a bar by their old fashions, and he was not disappointed! We have actually gone there just for an old fashion fix! 
The other weekend bar hopping around the city, we took some out of town friends here for a drink. They ordered a Blueberry Hill and Moscow Mule. They said it was very refreshing, delicious, summer happy all wrapped up in a glass! I had a Pimm's cup, which I think is one of the best, if not the best in the city!food was ok service was very slowwwwww.  nice view and polite staff just slow. too many great options In new Orleans to settleThis bar was great because of the awesome Bartenders, our was Rachel and she made the best Bloody Mary! 
Order a few different drinks and all was good but only the Bloody Mary was the stand out. Pimms cup was refreshing and light, Moscow mule was the only drink I didn't like. 
Here is the highlight of the place... 
Cracklin Nachos with pulled pork: Why did it take so long for drunk people and stoners to make Nachos with pork grinds... The pulled pork was good but the Nacho cheese sauce with the pork grinds was awesome, the only negative was it was a little salty because of the extra seasoning they sprinkled on the grinds.The food was solid, but we had to wait even with a reservation because it is always busy and a small venue. So while you wait, don't forget to stop off with Chris at the bar. He is a gentleman, and makes a great drink called a "Streetcar" (not a sidecar). This is not my most manly cocktail... but not a colorful chick-drink either.So...still on tour in NOLA and grabbed dinner here w the group. We had scallops, duck, a big chopped salad and a pork chop. All around solid. The waitress was a little new but super friendly and funny. ALL of the meals were rock solid. Great atmosphere. 3 1/2 . Woulda been 4 but the meals were a little Luke warm, not hot.Great food and awesome cocktail menu. One of my faves in NOLA. A gem on the French Quarter.This is a hiddin gem.  After talking to the bar tender/mixologist, came to find out they had only been around for 2 years.  The Gumbo is great.  Obviously made with a very dark/black roux.  Had the cacklins, OMFG.  The drinks were also exceptional.  Ate there twice in 2 days and both times had a fantastic experience.So disappointing. It took 25 minutes to get a round of drinks. They forgot the appetizer. When the food finally arrived, they left the bone in the pulled pork sandwich and there was barely any meat. The service was equally bad. Then the manager cops an attitude when we told them respectively how poor the whole experience was. Awful!We came in on a Friday evening and sat at the bar.  The bar staff was attentive and ok, other than that I wished I stayed in line for Royal House.  We basically waited over 45 mins for our main dishes to come out! They gave us a piece of bread and olive oil after we asked how much longer its going to take for our food to come out!  Why didn't we get the bread when we arrived?  Makes no sense to me.  They tried to blame the long wait on the duck breast I ordered.  They said it had to rest before being served, ok, that's fine but the remaining orders from my party didn't need time to "rest".  What absolutely disappointed me was when I got my duck it was rare!  They never asked me how I wanted my duck prepared.  They said duck is served medium rare, I know what medium rare is and my duck was not cooked properly!  I expressed how unhappy I was with my dish and I ended up not eating it.  The entire time the ignorant manager was notified of the long wait and how dissatisfied we all were, she made no personal effort to make amends for her kitchen staff's inability to keep up with orders.  She kept her back turned towards us the entire time, but we clearly knew they were talking about us.  She has no managerial skills and should be replaced since an establishment such as this one needs someone that can manage and keep customers happy.  I left this restaurant unhappy, hungry, and ended up paying for something I didn't eat.  The two stars was for some of the bartenders or else I would leave one star to be nice!Just opened one week ago and the place was hoppin' and definitely happenin'.   Manager Zane went out of his way to make up for a delayed cocktail delivery;  his family operates a number of unique restaurants in NOLA and this is a great spot on Chartres in the French Quarter.  
There's a strong attention to food quality and detail and it shows in presentation and taste, which is superb!
The Elvis movie playing on the flat screen TV was a great change of pace from the sports bar stuff and ends up being fun rather than distracting.  Had a nice jazz combo playing right inside the front door which sets a great mood.Our party of 5 was seated quickly but we waited an hour for our food to be served. We did not get any updates on our food so we just sat there for an hour. After we got our food, one dish was missing and we had to wait an extra 10 minutes for the dish. The dish we were missing was a burger and it came undercooked. We ordered the kale chicken salad, and the chicken was dry and the rice was undercooked.It was just ok. Two in my party had the gumbo and poboy combo...the gumbo was good but the poboy had maybe 2 shrimp on it and were very salty. Service was fairly slow for lunchtime. The shrimp salad was good but again only had three shrimp. The charcuterie had some sausage that was good but the other meats were so salty they were inedible. We weren't offered any bread which was super disappointing. Overall it didn't live up to the hype. Wouldn't go back, other staples in the area have more generous portions and better service.Food was incredible as was the service. I was alone and ate at the bar. The bartenders were great and their recommendations for food and drink were top notch. Definitely would go back!This restaurant appears to very small when you first walk in but it is very spacious. The ambiance is nice and peaceful. I went with a group of five and it was easy to call and get a reservation and walk right in with no wait to be seated. The weekend brunch is a nice touch because who doesn't love a good brunch. The Jambalaya Risotto was AMAZING and very filling. I would recommend that along with the bottomless mimosas special. The waitress poured a LOT of champagne for the mimosas so it was well worth it. The service was okay but the other waitress that helped our main waitress was pleasant (maybe our main waitress was just having a bad day). The manager was nice and overall it was a great time!Just great  fresh food, local flavors. You can tell they really like what they do here.The food here is amazing - well, except the hush puppies. But the blackened shrimp and risotto apps are incredible!!!!!  And the cocktails are inventive and delicious. The bartenders know their craft, and they are super friendly. This would def be my local haunt!!!Amazing food. The pickled crab paws and grits are delicious, but the superstar is the jimbalaya risotto, which is perfection on a plate. We went there twice on our 3 day trip to NOLA, as the risotto is truly fenomenal. Staff is very attentive.Mediocre food. I had to send back the fried chicken that tasted like cardboard. My girlfriend had shrimp and grits and all she could eat was the grits. My other gf asked for duck well done and it was medium rare and chewy as heck.Just cocktails and starters for us here. The cocktails were fantastic but the fries I ordered were simply bad... soggy and cold. and the blue cheese sauce was a watery mess.Justin made this the ultimate NOLA trip. We have been bouncing from bar to bar, and Kingfish by far is the best. Justin knew exactly what we needed. His handcrafted cocktails were the highlight. When you get there, belly up to the bar and ask for Justin. If you like gin, take his tour of cocktails. Or get a proper 007 Vesper. The best in the city by far.Stopped in for a late lunch without a reservation on New Year's Eve. They accommodated us and the food was great! Order anything, it was all good.Very creative and fun dishes. Amazingly friendly staff. We had the pork nachos, the boudin balls, and the Crawfish and artichoke dip. I appreciated the dip the most. The boudin balls could use more flavor. The nachos were just fun, could use more pulled pork on top. I appreciated the drinks, also very creative. Id be back for the drinks and the dip and the friendly people.I rarely write reviews but felt this visit deserved one. The bartenders were great but other than them the service was awful. I ordered the duck jalapeño poppers which were good but the server brought them out and gave them to the people next to me who placed their order 10 minutes after me. When their order came out he asked them if they ordered more which I heard so had to let him know they were mine. About 35 minutes or so passed from when I placed my order and was still waiting on my ribeye steak medium rare. The steak came out well done so I decided to just pay for the poppers and leave. The place wasn't busy at all and not once did a manager come out to assure me my food was coming or apologize about the steak. Like I said the bartenders were great they even went back to the kitchen to check on my order and let them know about giving the food to the wrong person. Everything else just left a bad taste in my mouth.It was very nice, we stopped in for lunch.  The menu and portion size were a great value.  I got the 337 burger, which is buffalo and pork, my girlfriend got a crispy prosciutto salad, the amount of prosciutto was bordering on ridiculous, there was so much.  We got a side of fries with blue cheese fondue, which was also to die for.  Service was spot on, our water and wine glasses were always full, and they were very polite, with the midwaiter stopping to talk to us about our trip in depth.  Highlu recommended.It took over an hour to get our food.  Went for brunch, the stuffed donut holes came out timely,our waitress was reasonably attentive but no explanation why my BBQ shrimp Po Boy and my wife's Couchon Eggs Benedict took over an hour. When we got it, hers was cold and mine was barely 6 inches of sandwich with maybe 6 shrimp.  We decided to try somewhere new as we wander the Quarter frequently on the weekends. Never again will we go to Kingfish.Kingfish is a refreshing change of pace from much of the quarter. It has a contemporary atmosphere while serving old New Orleans classics. 
The alligator wings are a must! I have had alligator before but it is often tough or flavorless. The alligator wings have the perfect blend of sweet and spicy and the meat falls off the bone. 
The waitstaff was attentive and knowledgable and had some great recommendations. Something went wrong with our open table reservation and they were still able to accommodate us! This was shocking given the popularity. 
I ordered the deconstructed pork pot pie. I wasn't sure what to expect but it exceeded any preconceived ideas about what a pot pie should taste like. The potatoes underneath the pie were to die for. 
I would highly recommend the pot de creme for dessert!Chef Greg Sonnier is rocking it at Kingfish! Gumbo is awesome (the dark roux, really thick type), alligator app was delish, and blue cheese fries... YUM! The restaurant is loud, but lively and service was great. Do check it out.Food was amazing 
Had the alligator wings and the special ehhh was scallops and shrimp. 
Service was real friendly and prompt. 
Food was slightly expensive but well well worth it. 
Like Arnold says...ill be back!Went on a Wednesday night as they were one of the only restaurants who had an Open Table reservation for 7PM. Boy was it a pleasant surprise. Our server, Marty, was very friendly. Food was delicious:
Blue Crab Chop - 5 stars
Guava Butter Garlic Fries - 5 stars
Shrimp Gaufre - 6 stars, I wanted to lick the plate
Cedar Plank Gulf Fish - 3 stars, it was a gigantic piece of well-seasoned whitefish on a  cedar plank with a bland side-saladTry the rabbit gumbo and the fries :) I also had my first mint julep here!!!! I like the vibe and this seems like a good spot for a quiet, romantic date.Tried this place on our first night in New Orleans and it was a definite hit. LOVED the alligator dish. Nice atmosphere and good service!It is a solid place to eat Southern dishes. The food is good. The décor is great. The inside of the restaurant looks great. I ordered a fish sandwich and gumbo. The fish was excellent. It was smooth and tender. I really enjoyed the gumbo. It was the first time I tried the dish. It reminds me of congee, which is a rice porridge dish and one of my favorite items at Chinese restaurants. Kingfish also features an alligator dish. I tried a piece and liked it. It is like a very tender, chewy pork.
If you are visiting New Orleans and looking for recommendations, feel free to message me through Yelp and I can share my itinerary, which includes my Yelp reviews. The information for an electronic copy can also be found via my Yelp profile.We have spent several days here in NOLA and have spent sometime every day at Kingfish. Their happy hour specials drew us in...the bartenders and the beverages kept us coming back!!  I can't speak for a lot of the food here...but I can speak to the service. It is amazing!!  Next time I'm in town, I will be returning...not only for the great beverages and service, but to try the food!!  Kudos Kingfish!!!WOW! YUM! It is a nicer place in the heart of French quarter. Decor is rustic and modern. I loved the gumbo it was very flavorful, although my dad had said he wished it had more seafood. We shared the fresh white fish and it was the best fish I've ever had. The meat was so white you could tell it had come straight from the gulf. It was seasoned well and the vegetable pairing with the walnuts just added amazing flavor. Hats off to the chef!This review is for the bar only. 
I'm upset to see I haven't reviewed them yet because it's one of my favorite bars in New Orleans! They can make any cocktail you want - plus, they are good at it. Everything they make is delicious! They have great signature drinks, or you can ask them to whip you up something off the menu. You literally can't go wrong here. The bartenders are all super friendly, too. 
My favorite drink on the menu is the Sheilavsit (she loves it) with Aperol, lemon, strawberries, and prosecco. It's very refreshing and not too sweet...and BUBBLES!So I have been here twice once on New Years ever which was dabulous with servixe and srinks. But today for brunch bottonless momosas for $12 and the best most foavorfull brunch I have ever had!! I have a degree in Hospitality and this place as far as service, drinks, and meals is as perfect as it gets!! There were waits everywhere else and yet not here and it was a blessing for us!! Never ever skip kingfish for anything else!!! Dinner or brunch!! Best of NOLA!!It was pretty quiet when we popped in on a Saturday morning. 
Visiting from Seattle, we originally thought this was a second location of the Kingfish Cafe, a favorite restaurant of ours back home. We quickly learned that this was not in fact in any way affiliated. This however, turned out to be a really great place! and the best part? Kingfish restaurant has an entire gluten free menu!
Service was so pleasant and we enjoyed chatting up a storm with our server Kevin. 
By reading the reviews, we really wanted the Everyman King Fish but they weren't serving that during breakfast. Bummer. So, we chose with the cat fish tacos and sea bass on a salt block, with a side of cheesy grits and collard greens. My tacos were so delicious. The catfish was perfectly seasoned giving it a twangy kick. It was succulent and a little flaky. Wrong choice of taco shell by the way. It was meant to be hard shell tortillas but it should've been soft shell. They kept on breaking and I used my fork instead. Wasn't a fan of the sea bass. Now on to the grits. It was one of the best thing I've ever tasted. It was cheesy to perfection! Our server mentioned the cheese used is a very special, imported Parmesan cheese. I was never  a big fan of grits until now.
We loved it so much, we wanted to take some home with us.Good happy hour.   Service was a bit slow.    Half price beers (draft and bottle) gave a good range of options.  $5 food options.   Would have given a 4-5 star but had a heck of time finding wait staff to place orders.I went here for a second time for dinner and couldn't help but order the ribeye steak again. The flavor is really unique, and it's paired w/ the guava butter fries. The fries are a little sweet for me, but it's worth trying them if you haven't already. The service was excellent, and it provided a fun ambiance for a family dinner. A parade was happening outside the window, so it all felt very festive. The atmosphere is more upscale than the average restaurant but not white tablecloth-level. Lots of different types/ages of diners and it seems to be a good spot to go if you have a large group. We made a reservation in advance which seemed to be the way to go. I would definitely recommend Kingfish--and try the ribeye!The place is cool l, but when you walk in you can immediately tell that it is geared towards tourists.  The food was ok- but nothing special.  The menu is trying way too hard to be something that it doesn't deliver on.  We ordered several items including the BBQ shrimp waffle and the cracklins.  The shrimp tasted good but it was not traditional New Orleans style BBQ shrimp.  The cracklins were not very good- way over seasoned.  
The drink menu is impressive and some of the cocktails were pretty good.  All in all I think this place needs to stop trying so hard and figure out what it's trying to accomplish. There needs to be less flair and more substance..ok drinks, so so atmosphere..friendly but not-so-knowledgable staff and bland food.I never post anything bad but I had such rude service during happy hour today I just had to comment. I went to Kingfish based on the recommendation for great cocktails and had the worst bartender service. I inquired about the can of cherries from Italy and apparently bothered the red headed waitress so much she turned the can around right in front of me. At least the drinks were great but don't catch her when her shift change is coming up because you will not get good service. She completely misunderstood what I was asking. Fortunately once the shift changed service got better.Probably the best food I've ever had. I've been twice already and I may go back tomorrow. The Kingfish dish is amazing and so is the Junky Chicken. It has a syringe to inject all of its juices back into it; which is cool. The drinks are also clever and tasty. Would keep coming for sure.Delicious food & cocktails and friendly, attentive service! My friend and I really enjoyed our girls' night out here.Hook and line was excellent and collard greens was awesome. Great place to eat. Definitely recommend.This is the place!! In a town like New Orleans there are many good options. This was the best meal we had during a stay. The restaurant is gorgeous. Beautifully decorated with exposed brick and pewter. Sort of minimalist, but not. We had gumbo, duck jalapeño poppers and then split the steak. We were stuffed and happy. Perfect flavors. Healthy portions and wonderful drinks. The serve was also attentive. We went to a highly rated place the night before and waited an hour for two appetizers. Not here. Kingfish is a must!This restaurant was very disappointing. The first thing we noticed was that the air was stagnant and warm. So, we asked for a table in a cooler area of the restaurant. Management said there was none.  
Next, the water was brought to us in a very small glass (see picture) and the water was room temperature. When we asked for a larger glass with ice 5- 10 minutes later, we were told that they were out of them. We were bewildered because glasses are washed and re-used. 
About 5 minutes after ordering cocktails, appetizers, and dinner, we asked if they serve bread. They said yes, but the customer has to ask for it. Pretty strange when the table is set with bread plates. When it didn't come out, we asked another server to bring it. We then learned that they had none left. 
We ended up leaving 45 minutes after we got seated, and none of the food had been delivered. We were hot and very frustrated. I told the lady helping us, who had a great attitude and felt terribly, that we wanted to leave, and told her to bring the check. 
We paid for our drinks and left. Awful!!As I was wondering the streets of New Orleans, I popped into this little wonder! All the shopping worked up an appetite and thirst.
The Prohibition Punch of the day was vodka, ginger, honey and if they would have sold me the pitcher or recipe I would have paid hundreds $$ for it. 
Then, Adam, the bartender, recommended the pork tacos... is it appropriate to actually lick the plate and cry at the same time? SO DAMN GOOD~ A MUST TRY when you visit!!!!! 
Great atmosphere, great food and a repeat place for sure!!!!There was a massive rainstorm going one. King Fish was quiet and sedate,  but my bartender, an older gentlemen there on Thursdays, was amazing! He talked to me about everything NOLA. My mint julep was amazing! Then he made me his own personal cocktail! Totally amazing! Then I had another drink- like a gimlet or something. I didn't feel the effects right away but later on the night I felt it, Awesome! My salad was amazing and I got to talk to the long time chef originally from NYC! Nice atmosphere! Cool people! Really nice vibe!This is such a great experience. Server was amazing, food was great!   Happy hour was lagniappe!  Will Devi I rely be back!Wow what a great surprise.   Drinks were very good.   Risotto jambalaya was mind blowing.   We ordered a second one.   Collard greens yummers.   Fried chicken was just ok.  The star of the plate was the street corn.   Very nice atmosphere.  Service was phenomenal - props to Angelina.  Great time!!!Went here to celebrate a friends 50th birthday. First of all the bar service was great! Happy hour from 5:30-8:30. Nice prices.
Our meals were over all pretty good. I had the jambalaya risotto as a starter. Had I known it was going to be so good, I would have ordered a double portion and had it for my dinner. It had a great spicy flavor. My husband had the alligator wings. They were just ok. Friends started with the crawfish au gratin. They loved it!
For dinner I had the scallop fettuccine. Scallops were nicely seasoned, but the pasta sauce was a bit bland. I tasted a friends shrimp and grits and immediately had food envy! My husband had the steak with the street corn. Which was very good. Another person ordered the paella. It looked very good.This was my first stop in NOLA for happy hour and was absolutely great! The boudin balls and gumbo were delicious! Bar area was clean and definitely will be returning!It's a thousand degrees at 5ish on a Friday afternoon in the French Quarter, and you want a refreshing adult beverage.  The sign at Kingfish advertises half-price beer and wine for happy hour.  
So, I go in with a pal, sit at a table, and wait for a server. A guy drops off one drinks menu (for two people) and trots off.   It's about a thousand degrees indoors, too.  There are five people milling around behind the bar doing god-knows-what.  I finally get up, go to the bar, order, and eventually get a glass of wine and a beer.  Forever later, the server runs my credit card.  Finally, a refreshing adult beverage.  It's fine.  Canebrake is good beer.  My pal's glass of wine is good.  But it is seriously like 85 degrees in there and we start sticking to our chairs.  If I'm going to pay ten bucks for two half-priced drinks, then I would really like some air conditioning.  By the time we left, it was cooler *outside* than in.  
I think the servers were changing shifts, so there was a lack of communication, and it didn't kill me to walk three steps and order my own drinks.  I don't recall being offered a food menu at all. The joint looks nice, they've certainly spent money fixing it up, but on the whole I was unimpressed.  If someone wanted to go there and the weather was nice, I'd go with them, but I don't plan on going back of my own volition.Great food! Jambalaya risotto, boudin balls, collared greens, and duck breast were excellentWhat a great place! During our stay we went daily for happy hour plus a few nights. Angelica was our server and did an absolutely fantastic job. She made our experience terrific and she is a great server! 
Happy hour is daily 2 or 3 to 7. They have a happy hour menu and a great charcuterie board. The desserts are all outstanding as well. Loved the location also.It is a little more than we wanted to spend for lunch (we spent $100 on lunch) but we admit we ordered way too much in the first place! Ha. We started with a Pimm's Cup and split the cheddar hushpuppies, the gumbo and also indulged in their delicious bread! Then I got the fish tacos and my bf got the chicken dish. Both were exquisite. They sat us at the window so we could watch passersby. Cozy and great music. I noticed some general "messiness" at a nearby table, and when the busboy came to clean it he merely wiped the crumbs onto the ground.Stopped for lunch at bar. Only one other table occupied. Ordered soup and glass of wine. Extremely small cup of ok bisque, no bread and no utensils. After asking for bread for a second time it finally arrived a full 15 minutes later. Won't be backOur other food was good, but I fantasize about their cheese grits on the regular.  They seriously taste like mac and cheese in grit form.  Husband thought he wasn't a grit fan until he had these.
We sat at the bar and enjoyed friendly, prompt, and informative service.  The space is hip and dimly lit with a bar that wraps around the front and into the back dining room.  In addition to grits, we shared the shrimp and okra appetizer (served in a cast iron skillet) and the kingfish on a salt block with collard greens.  This was our first night in NOLA and great intro to city's delicious gulf coast cuisine.  
In addition to a happy hour Canebrake from Parish Brewing, I had a French Pearl cocktail (Plymouth gin, lemon, Herbsaint, and mint) and husband enjoyed his first Sazerac (in a series of many) in the city.
Because Kingfish is on Chartres, it seemed less touristy and hypey than many of the other restaurants in the quarter.  If you're looking for somewhere low-key yet delicious for happy hour into dinner, this is a great spot.Great service and great food. Bottled wine prices are quite the bargain. Loved our server and all his suggestions.Compari Mojito is tasty! But the service.... PHENOMENAL! Mauricio was perfection! Food outstanding!! Sausage wontons, fried green tomato salad, and the prosciutto wrapped shrimp were on point! Can't wait to go back :)Great bar and bartenders!  Friendly and fun to talk too.
Service - 3.5 / 5
Décor - 4 / 5
Food - 4 .5 / 5
Selection - 4 / 5 
EnjoyFun atmosphere. Great Pimm's cup!! A welcome change from the craziness of Bourbon StreetAngelena was beyond great. The food was great. Not a single complaint about my entire experience whatsoeverWe had a party of 11 and were seated in a private room which was fantastic!  The ambience was just what I was looking for as we were there for birthday celebrations.  The service was also fantastic - Justine did a great job!  The food was mediocre.  Several of us ordered the seafood cassoulet and we were all very disappointed.  Mostly beans and very little seafood.My wife and I had a very nice dinner along with handcrafted drinks tonight. 
My wife had the crab appetizer and it was great. (I had the cracklings which were a disappointment - I've never had them before and wouldn't have them again). 
For the main course I had the scallops which were tender and delicious. 
Our server - Robert C was very nice and attentive. When he saw that I wasn't loving my drink (the Dr.'s Orders) he removed it from my bill. He made us feel welcome and at home. 
For dessert the pot du creme looked good (she didn't let me have even a bite, usually a sign of a good desert) I had the Carmel apple bread pudding. It was great! The thin slice of apple on top was brittle with Carmel and quite delicious. 
I'd return to Kingfish,Chose Kingfish to celebrate our engagement, and we could not have been happier. We shared the Duck Reuben and the Cedar Plank fish. The fish was possibly that best I have ever tasted, light sweet and delicious!
Our waiter, Robert, could not have been more accommodative. He suggested our great bottle of champagne, the fantastic entree's and desserts, and even took our picture to help commemorate our special moment.
I definitely recommend Kingfish, and be sure to ask for Robert!great food & great service.  wonderful selection of delicious options on the menu an tasty drinks too!! all within a wonderful atmosphere ...check this place out11/30 am Saturday
A perfect Lunch!
Excellent Service
Great presentation
Homemade crispy loaf of fresh warm bread up front
Covington Ponchetrain Pilsner, a tasty local beer
I had Green Tomato Salad w/Jerk Chicken..yum
My friends had the Pot Pie (Pictured) and the fish tacos. They raved about the flavors
Reasonable price & no crowd !
An overall excellent experience!!I would go back for the Roast Suckling Pig dish that I had, it seemed like a great flare of southern food.  The peach marmalade combined with the long roasted, tender pork was the highlight of the dish.  The music was nice as there was a piano player in the inset corner of the dining area.  For some reason, it reminds me of a rustic-fancy styled place.Delicious meal. Great service. Might be because it was New Year's Eve but the menu is quite small. The server said they change their menu a lot and often have new menu for holidays like this so food you see on yelp are probably not served... Anyways, I had a smoked half chicken that has crispy skin with spices, tender on the inside with a delicious broth and vegetables that goes with the chicken perfectlyService very good. Went with recommendations by customers for the Jambalaya Risotto. Looks good but not a lot of flavor except for the white pepper. Desperate need of herbs both dries and fresh. Also, it was quite oily. But I'm from New Orleans and pretty picky.We stopped by for an afternoon drink. Cool spot! Spacious, nice tilework, feels old school and welcoming.
I got their Pimm's Cup ($13). It was a big jug of fruit, a bit on the strong side (I am a light weight!) so could be more well-balanced, but I still enjoyed it.Started with the Wontons. Were very good. came with a sweet and sour sauce which was very good. Next had the Shrimp Gaufre. Would highly recommend this dish. Taste was excellent. The sweet potato sauce with it made for an very good combination of flavors.Had 3 things here while on a tour, but because of the service, the smiles, the cool customers, and the feeling of the space, I'd come back here on every trip back to NOLA.
Cracklins. excellent texture. just enough grease to feel like a treat, comes with a sauce I wanted to lick off my fingers. Didn't want to share it, lucky for the folks I was with that I did.
Boudin Balls were a lil fuller and softer than what I had had before, but tasty and drizzled with a great sauce. (I'm a sucker for a good sauce).
Moscow Mule. Better than I have EVER had a Moscow Mule. Don't know if this place invented it, or just mastered it, but I wanted a gallon to take with me and drink on someone's porch.
Bartender looks like he's got stories and came out victorious on all the treacherous ones. I liked this place. I'd be real happy to find out how great the rest of their food is next time.Nice spot in the French Quarter. The cocktails were
well made and the server was pleasant and attentive.  It feels like a more upscale restaurant and less a dive; if that's what you're going for. Although I didn't order any entrees, the beet salad was solid; However, the cream sauce slightly drowned out the flavors of the beets. The gumbo was very good.We stopped in for happy hour during our first day in NOLA.  This was a lucky find for us. We just wanted to get out of the humidity and relax for a bit after traveling into town.  
Beer and wine was half off during happy hour, so we stayed for a while and also ordered some appetizers.  The food was good, but we especially enjoyed sitting at the bar.  The staff is really friendly and knowledgeable, and the bar was large and comfortable enough to accommodate our family of 10.  The atmosphere is relaxed and has a little bit of a ritzy feel.  Loved it and will definitely go back next time we visit NOLAWe enjoyed lunch at kingfish. The steak salad is brilliant. The chicken sandwich is a bit much. The cocktails are well thought out and very well made. A good representation of old classics and interesting new ideas.We were hoping for a new dining experience in the Quarter....didn't happen. Now open for lunch. Menu was interesting but we were discouraged from our selection by the waiter when he informed us that they weren't perfected. 
Ordered the recommended cuchon de lait over grits. I love, love grits. If anybody hasn't had grits before and eats these grits they will hate grits. First they were too dry and lumpy!  And needed salt!  The pork was good, but didn't make up for the whole meal. So sad!Just a cocktail but fun.... 
 We walked in for a quick refreshment break.  Was quiet for a 5pm happy hour time.  Ordered a  Pimm's cocktail, shot of Petrone and a Stella. NO. I am not a lush.  I was with my sister.  Justin was our server and he was amazing.  He chilled that Petrone  like he was.... Well, let's just say he shakes what his mama gave him... Lol... Well, the drink , that is.  Anyway,  he was fun. kingfish was Fun.  Those suspenders are REALLY fun.  And  that PIMMS Cocktail is the best I have tried in the states. Only one I have ever had that good was in London. 
 Oh. And BTW...you must ask the bartenders who the man is in the black and white picture on the back wall.  Interesting story of the "kingfish".  The only senator to be assassinated. 
 Visit this place and tell Justin hi. We told you we would mention ya Justin.  From The sisters that were meeting in the middle... Sort of....I ordered two appetizers for dinner: Southern Italian Chopped Salad and Jambalaya Risotto.  The salad was huge and pretty filling.  Love me some fried ham.  To be honest, I was full after the salad.  The risotto was rich and creamy.  But after a few bites, I thought I was going to burst.  I ended up picking out all the chicken & andouille sausage so I'd at least get my moneys worth.  
Bf got the Low Country Boil.  Umm.. you gotta want to work for your food to get this.  I tried a few bites of the shrimp and okra.  It was ok.
Service could've been better.  We went about 1.5 hours before closing time, and they weren't slammed.  Waitress completely forgot my drink but did own up to it.This review is for the BRUNCH only.
We came on Sunday for brunch because every other place was packed. Stood at the front waiting for a host, with several other parties, for about ten minutes. One of the women in front of us asked the bartender if anyone was coming or we should seat ourselves and he responded pretty rudely that she's coming any minute.
Once we sat down, the food was pretty good but there were a few things about the experience that were annoying. The wine glasses on the table were really dirty and had to be replaced.  I got the breakfast burger and my partner got the Cochon Benedict. When we ordered, the server Angelique/Angelina(?) was like "wow okay so a very heavy brunch.. that's a lot...." kinda as if to make us feel bad about our orders. She was otherwise very nice but a little much. Lots of opinions. 
We also got the bottomless mimosas for $12 which is a pretty good deal considering any other single drink was about that much. But she filled up our glasses with the champagne and I wish she let us do it ourselves : she filled up 2/3rds of the wine glass with champagne so that there was only room for a splash of OJ. Maybe other people wouldn't mind this but this basically makes me not want to drink my mimosa ... it's barely a mimosa! Like I'm fine with drinking a lot of champagne but the proportions should be such that I actually enjoy the drink. If I wanted plain champagne, that's what I would've ordered.
Ok on to the food itself. The breakfast burger overall tasted very good. It comes with two pork patties which is totally unnecessary, I took one of the patties off. It also comes with a "special sauce" which turns out to be .....mustard.
The cochon Benedict was also good- the biscuit itself was delicious, tasted like pumpkin, but you couldn't taste it at all when combined with everything else on the plate. 
Side of fruit came with mushy tangerines that were not very palatable. 
Overall, good brunch food but mediocre experience.I can't even give one star for this place. We called ahead and made a reservation near the bar at 10:30 pm.  I told them we had a big group and just wanted drinks when we called.. They said no problem.. We we got there they were so rude and would not even seat is even though they had a table waiting for is because we were not going to be ordering food.  Terrible experience and will never go back.We didn't go for a meal just a tasting on a food tour. However, I left wanting to come back and try some dishes on the menu after we had the boudin balls and the Pimms cup drink. Nice atmosphere and establishment.Came here for brunch yesterday (yay bottomless mimosas/rosé!) for a bachelorette party. Ellicia was our waitress! She was so sweet and attentive! The food was AMAZING. Coming from NY where I have nyc brunch to compare to, it was the most delicious brunch I ever had!! I had the Cochon Benedict. There wasn't a complaint from the 7 of us.  Everyone was friendly and attentive! MUST GO!I literally had every appetizer on the happy hour menu with my good bud from Alabama and they all sucked. Well, to be honest the BBQ sliders were not bad, but the other apps were below par at best. Seems like something I would make at home if I were under the influence. Not terrible, but really just lacking all around in general. The desert is pretty good. Strawberry crumble to be exact. The drinks are also fairly good; very stiff. To close, I would come here for drinks and the strawberry crumble (cannot comment on anything else) and absolutely skip the food. It's just not good.This place made my trip! We were feeling fancy one night and king fish dis not disappoint. The cocktails were amazing. I had quite a few of some blueberry vodka thing which is my new favorite cocktail. The staff was super nice and attentive and even gave us extra bread. Speaking of, that pimento cheese spread is the jam. Seriously I could have had that as a meal. I had the special of the night which was scallops, shrimp, and bacon on top of grits. Everything was delicious but those grit may have seriously been the best thing I ever ate. This dinner is on my top 5 best meals. I highly suggest this place.French Drop cocktail was soo good we had to get another one, well two really, before heading home.  Serious YUM-YUM!!  Next time I'll def try to the food.Disappointed that our first meal in New Orleans was here. We ordered the Shrimp Gaufre, Gumbo, collard greens, pulled pork sandwich. Everything we ordered was very salty and the soup was cold. Very overpriced, uninspired food, and pretty inattentive service.Incredible service, great food.  I had the ribeye, perfectly cooked.  Everyone else loved their food as well.We visited Kingfish last night for dinner with 6 other people. When we first arrived, the hostess was very rude telling us that we were early for our reservation and to basically leave until it was our scheduled time. We did leave and walk around for about 15 minutes. When we returned, we were told that they did not have a table ready and still had people sitting at our table. We waited another 20 minutes or so and then the staff ended up putting some tables together so we could be seated. After we were seated everything was perfect. Our waiter was fabulous! The food was to die for and we tried a lot of different things! Other than the hostesses at the front desk, our visit was perfect! If you're in the New Orleans area, stop in and visit The Kingfish!!I was in New Orleans for a couple of days with my family when someone recommended this restaurant.  It really was not our cup of tea.  In my opinion they sacrifice taste because they are trying to be fancy and unique.  The whole fried fish, the panzanella, and the gumbo were all flavorless.  I took one bite of the gumbo and sent it back.  My family were equally displeased with their meals, but we couldn't send everything back, of course.  We were used to having such flavorful meals in New Orleans that tonight was a disappointment for sure.  By the way, the staff was really good, especially Bret.First night in New Orleans, Thanksgiving night. We made reservations before we arrived because we knew it would be difficult to find a place to eat. We had bisque, gator wings, beef cheeks and dessert. It was all good, but the service was really slow. We got drinks at the bar waiting for our table. Then we were seated and we didn't get offered more drinks until dessert; the waiter would drop off our food and then take off. I know Thanksgiving was busy- we are always understanding of that- but Kingfish was offering a fixed menu only, so I didn't expect it to be so slow. The bisque was good but it was spilled down the side of the bowls, the wings decent. The beef cheeks were tender and flavorful but not warm. It definitely was not a bad experience, but with all the good food in New Orleans I am not sure I would recommend it for dinner. Maybe just an off night.Great happy hour deals but TERRIBLE service! We came here on Memorial Day and it wasn't very crowded. Hostess seated us at a table near the bar and said someone would come by shortly to take our order. Well, they didn't. So she went to the back to get someone to wait on us. And no one came. So she went again to find a server. And no one came. We were never served so I went to the bar to order a drink. As mentioned, it wasn't very crowded. There were three bartenders and it still took a few minutes to be noticed because they were all cleaning glasses. They weren't friendly at all. Our original hostess went on a break and the next hostess was on her phone the rest of the time. Can't speak for the food, but terrible service.King Fish was everything a restaurant should be.
Great ambiance, incredible service and wonderful food!WORST EXPERIENCE IN NEW ORLEANS Two days ago  I went with my family for lunch. We ordered alligator fingers, gumbo, and jambalaya. What a waste of money. After spending$100 we left hungry. The bread pudding was served in a rusted iron skillet, tasted like rust. Horrible experience. waiter was nice and friendly. Will not go back EVER.The rabbit cordon bleu was amazing! Paired well with the mustard greens and a nice Pinot noir. Blue crab hush puppies left a little to be desired but the aioli redeemed the flavor for my taste buds. Great attentive device and LIVE PIANO MUSIC (a huge plus)Yelp, Yelp, Yelp! You have let us down! We have been in America for 7 weeks now and we have just about worn yelp out for recommendations! We were randomly walking past and double checked on yelp - four stars, let's do it!  We have eaten MANY a fine dining, five star dinner but THIS holy hell this was BAD!!! Entree of bacon wrap prawns with some weird cabbage salad - the whole dish DID NOT make sense! Cut to main/entrees/big eats - hubby got the grilled rabbit and I got the duck with ramen noodles. We were a bit confused when the dishes were placed on the table. We had initially walked in at 8:20 to be told they couldn't seat us until 9:00pm and they'll text us, no worries we'll have a drink down the road. By the time we finally went back to check and were seated it was 9:30 - the kitchen closed at 10:00 - so we can't help but think we were being "punished" for being late...anyhoo our mains were "gracefully" placed in front of us and the only way to describe them was SLOP! Tasteless, bland, SLOP!! I hate to say but this is, at best, a diner posing as a "fine dining" establishment! Was not worth the $100!!!Well the service was ok.  We sat at the bar.  The food was terrible.  Started with the jambalaya and the rice was old / hard.  For my entree I ordered the fried chicken and it was so salty and gross.   I would give king fish a 1 star if it was not for the excellent bar tender staffAttended a birthday party here recently and it was awesome. Great food, great service. Definitely worth a visit!Our first visit to Kingfish was enjoyable.  I thought the Smoked Rabbit Gumbo had layers of flavor and we enjoyed everything from appetizers to dessert.  The bar and cocktail menu is very nice.  I will return.I came during happy hour from 3:30-6. The Happy hour prices offered half off all brews and wines. Select appetizers are also listed on the happy hour menu. I ordered the Andy Gator (German style bock by Abita Brewing in Abita Springs, LA.) And the Canebrake (American Pale Wheat Ale by Parish Brewing in Broussard, LA). This restaurant was very clean. It offered a warm, relaxing and romantic atmosphere.On the 29th I sat in the bar and I had a really local experience. I watched the bar tender make a Cajun martini, and I had to have one after watching him make it. It's probably the best martini I've had in 10 years. Great Vibe, friendly people, good service, everybody should be there at least once.
On the 30th during the day it was a different vibe and I'm a little disappointed. I'm not going to change my review, but the Cajun Martini today was a little light in the loafers and service was forgettable.As we waited at the bar and clearly saw open tables, we talked about leaving. When we did get seated service was slow. The food was pretty good, but the one Bloody Mary I got there didn't even have my Cajun green beans in it. Although I had plenty of time to see them at the bar and even drinks were slow at arriving. They weren't that busy.Lunch - fried duck liver was overcooked and included a gizzard: mashed potatoes were sour. Service was good though...they took the liver off my bill.Kingfish was very nice. On par price-wise with so many in the French Quarter, but the "from scratch" ethic is readily apparent here. Presentation was great. Service was great- Marty knows his stuff and makes you feel like a VIP.When we got there at 1130 am, we were the only customers there. We felt a little worried about our choice but then the food and service was good. After adding the price into the consideration, I think it is fair to say that the value was average. It was about 110 dollars for two people.
We had Fried alligator that was very average. King sugar-cured duck breast was very tender, juicy, flavorful and delicious. We had cream brulee and rum coffee as desserts. They were fine but nothing special though.Had the shrimp waffle dish and while the shrimp was good, the waffle and sauce was cold.  Very disappointed especially because of the high price.  So many better options in NOLA.  Strongly recommend avoiding this one.Staff, food, and environment were great. This is a nicer restaurant that was pretty quiet during lunch, which is when we went. The dishes are very different, but good. However, I would suggest this is for more adventurous eaters. We got the alligator "wings", pulled pork nachos and boudin balls. The pulled pork nacho portion was quite large and had a very original flavor -- our group has mixed reviews on this dish. The boudin balls were a table favorite. The alligator wings were very different and also got mixed reviews from our table, but I found them to have a very good flavor and texture.Had late lunch here with a party of 6 on New Year's Day. The food and drinks were great! The service was poor. Server (young guy, maybe Jordan??) was basically absent.  We would have spent a lot more money on drinks if he would have serviced our table. I had to ask the hostess for help. She quickly stepped in and helped out. She was great!  Bar service seemed slow. A second Bloody Mary took 20 minutes. I feel this had more to do with the server not picking up the drink from the bartenders as the restaurant was not to capacity while we dined.  I would go back, just would not want the same waiter.Kingfish was a great dining experience. The food is delicious, creative, and thoughtfully prepared. We were in town for vacation and we liked it so much we went there for dinner two nights in a row. The cocktails were also fantastic. The ambiance is great and the waitstaff is friendly and knowledgeable. It's currently my favorite New Orleans restaurant.Definitely enjoyed this little restaurant that sits so quaintly on the corner.
The bright, modern interior of the restaurant with the courtyard out back is so adorable, and the service and food equally matched the positivity of the environment.
The ladies in our party both had the beet salads- so good.  I had mine with a side of braised greens- super yummy.
The gentlemen had the two specials (will have to edit once I determine what they were)- and everyone walked away happy!We came here because we saw such good reviews but honestly after eating I was disappointed.  
We came for lunch and upon first sitting we ordered some cocktails ...it took maybe 30 minutes for all of us (a party of 5) to get our drinks. I felt bad because there was only one bartender. Regardless, it wasn't THAT crowded in the restaurant on a Tuesday.  The drinks my friends got were ok, either too strong or too weak. I actually really liked mine which was the creole coffee. 
All the food was pretty mediocre. The rabbit gumbo was super salty. My boyfriend got the shrimp gaufre was also super salty. My friend got the steak and it came out cold. It was on a bed of salad which might be why but when she asked to get it heated, it came out by the time we had all finished our meals. It was over cooked and the salad was also warm and soggy. 
The server was nice but I guess we were all kind of impatient with how slow everything was coming so I guess we expected her to be a bit more apologetic. Either way I wouldn't have minded if the food was worth it but it honestly wasn't.We were on a schedule.  Unfortunately my girlfriend scheduled dinner in the quarter during French quarter Fest.  So we were a little late after 30 minutes traffic and 20 minutes walking.  We explained our situation to the waiter who told us which dishes told us exactly how long each dish would take to come out.   He was right on the time and the food was great.  We made the wedding on time.Kingfish was probably one of the worst experiences I've ever had in a restaurant
I made a last minute reservation while staying in NO and expected a pretty good time considering it's rating and menu pricing.
What my girlfriend and I got was the exact opposite of a good time
Just to give you an idea:
--- The food took absolutley FOREVER (according to the manager that came to apologize, the cooks were apparently "training" in there. For the prices on the menu, I didnt appreciate being a test subject.
---Drinks took absolutley FOREVER. The restaurant was NOT that busy
---We ordered the Crab cake appetizer. Hot on the outside and extremely cold on the inside? Order was refunded.
---Our waiter was extremely aloof and basically never came back after taking our order
---The Scallops were good but extremely salty
I would not recommend KingFish, especially when there are so many bettter options within NO.The bread and oil/vinegar and homemade pimiento cheese, beet & cheese salad, local IPA and grilled shrimp over a bed of okra, tomatoes, etc., all were fresh and delish.   I definitely would return and recommend the place.I ran in quickly for lunch. Sat at the bar. Had the shrimp and grits. It was delicious! Had a beer. And then I paid and left. Very quick and friendly service and the food was great.Excellent food & service!!  Try the grill rabbit, rabbit gumbo, artichoke & oyster bisque , & fish tacos...  So deliciousJust popped in for some alcoholic beverages before our next adventure.
The bar was pretty busy, but we were able to snag some seats.  Loved the outfits that bartenders were wearing and the decor.  Felt like I traveled back in time.
Our drinks were delicious and the service was attentive.  There is one single stall for a bathroom near the bar and then if you go through the restaurant to this little area, there will be more bathrooms. One of the bartenders told me when he saw me waiting for what seemed like forever.We love everything about this place!  The cocktails are amazing--best Pimm's Cup ever--plus many other fabulous and different drinks. It's worth coming here for the drinks alone, but don't miss the food!  The "Every Man a King" Fish was amazing. My husband really enjoyed the rabbit, and they also have fries that come with a blue cheese sauce. Heaven!  Ask for Robert when you go, he's our favorite waiter.  Very attentive and helpful.  He'll take great care of you!Food and service were impeccable. Scallop special was cooked perfectly and the pecan sweet potato pie is something I will dream about for weeks. Duck ramen had what seemed like a full duck worth of meat and so delicious it felt like a sin to not be able to eat it all. Mojito was boozy and so delicious, and the pimms cup was chock full of fresh fruit. Ambiance is classy but not pretentious.Great music which really grabbed the crowd.
Good selection of drinks!
At the bar they make an absinth drink that is very entertaining. (Slow drip)It was close to Christmas, we went in and they said they were all booked.  So we reserved a table for the next day.  We were promptly seated when arrived.  
We ordered 2 choices from each of the 3 courses from the Christmas menu.  Plus, we ordered an additional Braised Rabbit Cavatelli.  All the food was excellent!  The famous Pimm's cup is as good as everyone said.  Even for me, someone who doesn't drink much at all, like it.  It's refreshing and it's more fruity than cocktail.  
Half star deduction for the bathrooms being outside the main restaurant, it was confusing and small.  
Another half star for sitting us away from the piano, when they know that I have children with me, instead they sat us very close to the bar (and not even close to the kitchen side).  Plus, we would love to hear some live piano music as well.
I would definitely go back and recommend this place, but remember to make a reservation.We were in the French Quarter & walked by the restaurant. There was a crowd of people waiting for tables so figured the food must be good. The menu items sounded unique and delicious so decided to give it a try. The food was delicious. We had the French fries with fondue, the sausage wontons with grits, and the shrimp gaufre. We also tried two local LA beers. The service was great considering it was Mardi Gras. Once we ordered we discovered the restaurant kitchen closes from 3-5 pm so we got lucky!  We had a wonderful cocktail table and got to see a lot of amazing costumes.After reading through the various reviews, I think it's safe to say that Kingfish is just one of those spots you really need to try for yourself.
My husband and I showed up on a weeknight for dinner. It was early and we were the only ones seated. Apparently our waiter was running late so another waiter started our order. Well....long story short, the other waiter was way late so we finished out our meal with the first waiter which ended up being lucky for us.
I wish I remembered the waiter's name but he was friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu and overall a joy to have serving us. I went for the Pimm's Cup which was good albeit a little on the sober side. The fresh bread with pimento spread was delicious.
I opted for the cedar plank red snapper and my husband had the Chargrilled Rabbit. His dish was his favorite in a very long time. Mine was very good as well and the freshness of the strawberry side salad paired nicely with the rich flavor of the fish.Amazing new cocktail bar! Sit at the bar and watch them make the cocktails. The service is slow, but the drinks are really good and take time. We did have to remind our server a few times of what we ordered though...
The Pimms cup here was great.  We also tried the duck gumbo which was excellent. We were able to very easily get a seat at the bar in the middle of the day.
157/365This was the worst dining experience I have ever had in the French Quarter.  What a disappointment!  I can't remember what you call what I had but it was a seafood dish that was supposed to have several types of shellfish. It was $38.  What I got was a plate with what appeared to be and tasted like a generic can of tomato sauce with a few bits of shell fish in it but most of that was just claws and shells that I had to pick through.  There were a couple tiny shrimp and two tiny mussels. You could literally fit what actual eatable shellfish meat in in a shot glass. I'm not exaggerating.  So, what I got was basically just a dish with some generic tomato sauce and two little pieces of bread. 
My wife had a steak costing about the same my dish. It was so tough and so full of gristle that it was almost inedible.  She couldn't eat it so I tried some and I could hardly cut through the gristle, let alone eat it. Only a couple ounces of the so-called 14 ounce steak were edible and that was tough and tasteless. 
In short, we were ripped off. It's as simple as that.  I have never had an experience in the French Quarter like this in all the years we have gone there.  It was unbelievable.  It made me wonder if perhaps they were planning on closing down soon and didn't worry about making customers satisfied anymore.  
It really was that bad.  You've been warned.
On the other hand, the waiter was OK - nothing special but friendly. 
When we left, we actually had to find another restaurant to eat because we were still hungry and neither of us are big eaters.We had to wear our patience hats. The place was only about half full. We waited about 25 minutes for a bottle of wine at the beginning of our meal. We watched our server bug the kitchen repeatedly about our food.That was hard to watch. HOWEVER, the food was exceptional. I would wait for it again. The wait staff was friendly. The atmosphere is very warm and cozy. It's a nice place for a romantic dinner. It was quiet enough to have a conversation.Great food with extremely good service. Have been a few times and enjoyed having a snack and drink at the bar equally to having a full dinner at a table.For those who have followed New Orleans bred Greg Sonnier thru his award wining Gabrielle Restaurant and Windsor Court service, it is no surprise that Kingfish is another remarkable culinary experience with first class service.  Among the Louisiana creations, try the Hoppin John Crawfish Salad and any of the seafood or duck offerings.  His shrimp and scallops on chese grts special is extraordinary.  If the Creole Cheese Cake is on the menu, you are in for a terrific desert and fininsh to the meal.Perfect corner bar for some classy day drinking in New Orleans. Strong cocktail game -- both in creativity and strength. Good wines and sparkles. Very friendly bartenders that make it fun to spend an hour or two hanging out at the bar joking around. Just a nice atmosphere to be in. Highly recommend it!we ate here twice while we were in NOLA. Not only was the food delicious and creative, but the service was excellent. the entire staff was friendly and accommodating. our waitress, Melissa, was possibly one of the best servers we've ever had (and I used to be one). I can't say enough about our great experience here, you should definitely go.we came in here for  drinks before eating at K-Paul's and got lucky because this was the first non- smoking bar we came across on Chartes. The bartender was superbly attentive and friendly and we had a good time talking with some locals. Very good cocktails, happy hour was only for beer and wine.Review only on service. Host seemed great. Very friendly ended here. Tried to have lunch today, pretty empty. They could not figure out how to find a table. Left us standing in the front, for quite a while. We gave up. It was ridiculous.  We should have just sat the bar.Came in for drinks and was not disappointed at all. The drinks were delicious and I would recommend stopping in if you want to sit somewhere nice and sip on delicious cocktails. We had blueberry lemonade and pimms cup.Service a 2 & food a 3.  I really have no other comments because I literally wanted to leave after ordering the waiter was not very friendly or helpful.One of the most delicious burger I have eaten in my life. So tasty. And the Fries and homemade and really original.
The service is great. We needed to eat quickly because we had a tour after, everything went fast. 
Really...go to Kingfish !Food was delicious.  Salad was a bit overdressed. Wait staff was great except for the host.  I stood there for 5 minutes before he looked up from the iPad.  Once he sat me down I had to ask for a drink menu.Love the bar the black and white movies playing behind the bar. The bartenders are  super and seem to love what they do and are excellent at it. Tasty cocktails .Great atmosphere, ate at the bar, suckling pig and side of corn not served hot and were disappointing. Too bad I really like this place and will give it another chance sometime.***This review is based on solely the BAR part of Kingfish. Unfortunately did not get to try the food part...='(***
As visiting New Yorkers, my bf and I definitely chose a favorite spot in New Orleans quickly. We came here EVERY DAY for the 6 days we were there.... 
The place is nice and well kept, smaller bar area and didn't really explore the back but definitely on the upscale side compared to the majority of places around the French Quarter. It was so close to our hotel (we stayed on Bourbon St at the Royal Sonesta) so it was like a magnet pulling us in everyday. A block's walk? How could we pass on stopping by for a drink?
The bartenders are friendly and know what they're doing. The drinks are IMMACULATELY made, they pride themselves on making drinks as close to their traditional and original concept as possible. Crushing their own ice, shaving cucumber ribbons and creating their own "off the menu" concoctions, the bartenders at Kingfish do it all. Got a long night ahead of you on Bourbon St? Stop by for a Pimm's Cup, it comes in a large goblet, it's refreshing (loooove the cucumber taste, very well balanced with the fruit flavors), and it won't make you lose your dignity (save what you have to lose in the many "Mardi-Gras"-esque bars on Bourbon). 
The bar is medium sized, seemed to have just enough seating to accommodate the patrons (wasn't too packed that we ever had to wait longer than 5 minutes for a seat). If you're just grabbing a drink, definitely sit at the bar so you can watch the bartenders work their magic (and try to desperately memorize every measured ingredient and flourish to show off at your next house party). Don't be afraid of striking up conversation with your bartender or server! They may be dressed impeccably but they don't have the "Hoity-Toity"-ness to match.Just had cocktails but they were great. Jaime, our bartender was a trip.  She's the little spark plug of a red head.  She had a great knowledge of her craft and history of cocktails.  She made an amazing whiskey sour with egg whites, my new favorite cocktail.  My wife and I had a great time chatting and tapping her extensive repertoire of drinks.   The world needs more bartenders like her.Problem was not with the food but with the overall level of staffing.  It took a long time to get the meal, once it was served it was wrong, and our waiter was not attentive even though he only had 3 tables to take care of.  The manager had to pitch in, and he seemed to understand that we were not happy and took a couple of items off the bill.  The food was good, but it was not a good day for this place service wise.Came here from a recommendation and I was highly impressed. This is a style of restaurant i am very familiar with at home and being able to dine at the new orleans version was a great experience. 
I dined on a Monday when the red beans & rice was the special, and ordered a French 75. I was blown away by the execution of both items - which are very simple but when done well are phenomenal. 
I would highly recommend and will definiyely visit again.One of the best meals I have had in a LONG time! I frequent all the wonderful restaurants in the New Orleans area, old & new on a regular basis- so I am no stranger to good food. The particular dish I ate- the Duck was beyond outstanding. Just had layers of wonderful flavors that I will not soon forget. It was prepared to perfection & one of the better dishes I have had in recent memory. The staff was excellent as well & I really enjoyed the decor & atmosphere in this gem. We went on a Saturday night & it was hustling & bustling. I even got a chance to compliment the chef. I wouldn't call this restaurant fussy but it is a nicer restaurant. We will be back :) I hope they can continue to be a success.Food was delish and I would definitely go back.  Even though the King's Cake was not available on our menu, the waiter, Robert, made it happen for us.  He was attentive and Knowledgable enhancing our dining experience.  (The King's Cake was available on a separate four course menu.)Super friendly wait staff but not at all impressed with the food. Gumbo was on point but stay away from the rabbit cordon blue.Absolutely the best food/drink that we had our entire time in NOLA.  If you are in to good cocktails there is nowhere better!
-DavidExcellent food and service all the way around.  Had the salad, gumbo, steak and bread pudding for dessert. Gumbo was full of flavor, specific ingredients of each bite stood out to enjoy. Steak was cooked perfectly, and others with me had the fish and had me wishing I could have had both. Bread pudding was amazing, not an expert on it as it's not as common a dessert back home, but wish it was. Overall, a high quality place with excellent, delicious eats.Boiled Duck with ramen was dry, greasy and quickly boring. Malbec suggested by waiter fell flat. Guava butter fries were greasy wet and old after a few. Beet salad was ok and done by the numbers but nothing that hadn't been had at 20 other restaurants. Steak was decent. One bartender made decent drinks but slapped the coasters and drinks on the bar like he had better places to be. Can't anyone open a decent restaurant without televisions? Our server was attentive, friendly and prepared.After a week of rich New Orleans cooking, we stumbled gratefully into the Kingfish. The fish tacos were outstanding, as was the arugula salad with fresh, pulled chicken. The atmosphere was just right--not overly bright and starkly modern--dark wood, large windows and room between tables. Bartender is reputed to be a whiz, and the dinner menu looked delicious, so we will be back. The smoker was working away in the back courtyard, so you know it's going to be good!My husband and I stopped here when we were in town this past March. We were looking to find some craft cocktails and escape the frat party atmosphere of Bourbon St. We are big fans of craft cocktails and were so happy to find Kingfish! Our first visit was two nights after Mardi Gras so it was very quiet. We chatted with the bartender and were so impressed with the cocktails he made us. My absolute favorite was called the Cable Car and my husband really enjoyed the vieux carre. On our second visit the bar was much busier, but we still received very attentive bar service. We did not try the food, but it looked delicious and we lamented the fact we were full from dinner. This is definitely a place to check out when in New Orleans.Restaurant was filled and even with three, they accommodated us at a high top in the bar. Haley is a great waitress!!! Great drink menu. Gulf fish was delicious. Would go back.Came here upon recommendation of our tour guide for happy hour and would highly recommend the cackling pork (that comes with the decadent cheese sauce)! Portion was big relative to what we paid for. Had a daiquiri and it was value for money too! Service was excellent and pleasant! Glad we popped by!Solely writing on my bar experience. We were trying to get out of crowded Bourbon area and ended up passing by this place and entered. There were only 4 more people besides two of us so quick service and just enjoyed that peaceful environment. Was perfect to chitchat over a drink. Cocktail list was decent and I had some blueberry lemonish drink but it was on point. Bartenders very friendly and they kept us entertained by doing all kinds of tricks. They got a nice grand piano at the corner too. 
Overall, had a great time.Went here last night as this was highly recommended. I was so excited as they have a mixologist on staff and a great Cajun menu. We had no reservation but the hostess got us seated asap and was super friendly. We ordered from their cocktail menu and the drinks were delicious. I ordered from the chef's special menu a hanger steak and my husband got the buffalo frog legs and tamale. The frog legs were a bit soggy though the taste was on point, the tamale was also great but was more of a half tamale not a whole. The biggest disappointment was the steak. The chef suggested it be done med rare I ordered it medium. When it came it was essentially raw. I am not one to ever send dishes back as for years I worked in this industry and hate to be that customer but I couldn't even chew it. I apologized profusely and asked if it could be cooked medium. After waiting another 30-40 minutes my steak arrived in a pool of blood. I was so upset and hungry. Though the waitress apologized for the wait, admitted the chef didn't cook it to order and offered to get a manager we were done! They comped the steak, which they should have as I wasn't not touched. They didn't offer any complimentary desert, cocktails nothing!!! Worst experience ever. I would give this place zero stars if I could. DO NOT go your better off at another overpriced restaurant where they will make you what you ask for not what the chef wants you to eat. Awful food and bad management! The manager even approached us and said its still too underdone for you, huh. Uh yeah so as a manager fix it!!! Bad bad bad place!My wife and I went for an early dinner and was blown away by the flavors! The pork chop was amazing!
Great service, great food amazing Abita beers!We've randomly picked this restaurant because it was still open late.  Our server Kennedy was amazing.  We've ordered most eve thing on the menu and it was all so delicious and the old fashion was on the que.  One of my favorite place on Nola and I'll def return.We Live to Eat Restaurant Week is the perfect excuse to eat out. It's also an ideal way to check out new eateries or unfamiliar places without fear of breaking the bank. This was a great find. 
This place sits on the corner of Chartres near the Supreme Court and W French Quarter. Be prepared to park and walk if you are not staying in the area. 
The restaurant has a chic yet casual feel. It's a true cocktail bar in that the bar seating area is plentiful and the drink list is larger than the menu. Happy Hour is from 2:30p to 7p nightly and it features 1/2 all wines, 1/2 select spirits and $8 small plates. 
Our entrees were all the three course special for $35
- Boudinandouille 
-Grilled fish, shrimp and smashed potatoes
- Peach shortcake 
We also ordered the Blue Crab Chop which is fried crab and corn maque choux (3.5 stars), corn and the corn & crab soup and guava garlic fries (4.5 stars). Fresh bread is also delivered to you in a Kingfish bag along with a side of cheeselike butter and oil. .. If you choose to snack on french bread why not throw on the spread and some oil. After all, it's only 900 more calories and 400 grams of fat. And in Nola, diets are out the window any way.
Everything was tasty and the portions were a decent size. ...The only thing I would change is the service. It was mediocre with the exception of the bubbly manager who stopped over twice during the meal, including once to bring over our dessert. Despite our dissatisfaction, we left a better than deserved tip as a way to pay it forward for the next table. 
Stop on in and see for yourself.Didn't get to eat here because a failure of either the hostess or their technology. At 7:45, I noticed on Open Table that a reservation at 8:00 was available.  I did not bother to go ahead and book the reservation as I was just two blocks away, so I just headed straight there. Upon arriving, the hostess asked if I had a reservation. When I told that I did not, she said it would be a two hour wait. I asked why the wait when it just showed a opening at 8:00. She replied that that was an error and that I wouldn't actually be able to book that reservation.  It was 7:55 when I walked out, pulled out my iPhone and booked that Open Table reservation for 8:00.  I wanted to walk back in and tell the hostess that I now had a reservation for 8:00, but I didn't want to that confrontational or to eat in a place that couldn't get their act together.  I won't be back.As this was our last restaurant after 6 days in NOLA, we were ready for slightly lighter fare and it was delicious food.  The bar seems to be the heart of the attractive space.  The beet salad was fabulous although difficult to eat because the watercress was left uncut.  Huge portion and delicious delicate dressing.  Fish taco excellent with delicious seasoning.   The hamburger was delicious with the meat cut fine - the fries that accompanied it were fresh and delicately seasoned with the NOLA spices.
Some staffing issues (the host) need to be addressed and hopefully will be.This newish restaurant on the NOLA scene has some interesting dishes. The duck breast in ramen noodles was very tasty but the fish of the day was feather ordinary. The beet salad was delicious. No espresso but several coffee and alcohol drinks if you like that sort of thing. Good vibes and a young crowd.We were so excited for this dinner and honestly, we were all a little disappointed. The drinks took a LONG time and we were literally one of five tables so it was not busy. We ordered the "famous" fish cooked on a block of salt and ironically, the fish needed a little salt. :/ The stuffing we ordered was a little mushy and the salads were bland. We did order a scallop special that was good but that was about it.Delay in seating, confusion around ordering, and sweetness in the shrimp and grits prevents any higher rating. Overall, the other items we ordered were good. Service continues to be an issue here, they need more involved management to make sure standards are met and maintained.excellent service, really interesting menu, inventive, different. also very rich but you don't go out to eat in NOLA to lose weight.I like the space, though I've always sat in the large bar area which also has about 4-5 high tops.  Cocktails are some of the best in town and the food is consistently good including a lot of New Orleans staples which makes sense with the French Quarter location.  The combination plate with gumbo, crawfish pie, red beans, and jambalaya was a hit with my out-of-town friend who wanted to get some "local" food before leaving town.  My roast beef poboy was quite good and the service was friendly and quite good.
For most visitors to New Orleans - or even most locals - Kingfish will likely give you what you want.  The bar is almost always busy as the word has gotten out about the quality of their cocktails and the crowd is slightly on the older side (let's call it a more refined crowd, not generally a 22-year-old hangout).  Kingfish is definitely worth a visit.This was our first trip to New Orleans and our first dining experience in NOLA. We started with alligator wings. They were delicious and tasted like sweet barbecue chicken wings. I had gumbo and my boyfriend had the grouper. We loved both dishes. We finished with the Mud pie and I had an espresso. The mud pie was layered in a small mason jar. It wasn't as rich as I was expecting. The cream and chocolate layers were a great combination offset by the pecan crust layer.King Fish was recommended to us by the bartender at the InterContinental Hotel and it lived up to his review.  We wanted something local, something in the quarter but nothing full of partying tourists.  It was a business dinner and the environment was great.  It was quiet but still had a New Orleans vibe.  The food was great too.  I can't recall the name of my dish but it was BBQ shrimp with a cornbread type bowl.  Portion size was perfect.  To top it off it's always great to have a server who seems like she loves her job and that they aren't just there because it's a job.  Great job King Fish!This place is great. I had the grits, Tuscan tomato bean salad, and a mint julep. Can't speak for the meat, but the carnivores next to me seem pretty happy. Good place to go by yourself. I'm here for a conference, looks like most of the people around me are as well. Quiet.Overall ok food, ok service, way too cocky of pricing.  Forgetting our appetizer and overcooking our steak really didn't help.
Maybe they just need time to work out the kinks of being a new restaurant, but I definitely won't be back anytime soon.Our bartender, Matthew, was super cool, & friendly. Served a nice shot, and updated us on the goings on around town. Crawfish Gratin was amazing, highly recommend it! If we have time this week, we will be back!Nice cocktail bar with with some tasty Cajun. I had the Squash special appetizer which was good but more sweet than the spicy I was expecting. I also had the Jambalaya, Crawfish Pie, File Gumbo plate because I am sucker for samplers and song references. It was quite foot the Crawfish Pie was my favorite. Their twist on a red beans and rice was great. It was a cold salad. Really fun flavors. Awesome cocktails.While on vacation in NOLA, my BF and I stopped in just to grab a drink to take with us while walking around the FQ. After stepping inside and seeing seats available at the bar, we decided to take a break and enjoy our drink at the bar. Might have been one of the best decisions we made while in the Big Easy. We started chatting with the bartender Evan and quickly realized that he was a treasure trove of food/drink knowledge for the city. He was giving us recommendations so fast we couldn't keep up. In the midst of the conversation, we decided to grab a quick bite to eat. He walked us through the appetizers and we decided on the alligator "wings". As he turned to put our order in, he grabbed a piece of paper and started reading off the Kingfish Charcuterie items and it only took about .023 seconds for us to change our order. After a few minutes (which seemed like nothing since Evan continued to give us fabulous conversation), a beautiful platter was placed in front of us. It included the following: alligator jerky, venison pepperoni, alligator andouille, fish salad (can't remember the exact name), alligator bologna, smoked fish (again, can't remember the name), pickled veggies (onions, okra), red bean hummus, peach marmalade, sweet mustard, cracklins, and crostini. Evan had explained that the restaurant had just featured alligator a few days earlier and since the chef was a trained butcher, he always works to use the animal snout to tail and not let anything go to waste...hence the large presence of alligator. We were more than okay with that because being from the Midwest, alligator doesn't usually end up on our plates so it's a treat for us.
The platter was out of this world. I'll be the first to say that there were things that I would normally not be excited to try. However, following my "try everything at least once" policy, I was blown away by everything. Who would think that a charcuterie platter could be so exciting and inventive. We both agreed that if they would have been selling the alligator jerky by the bag, we would have walked out with a box full! 
We were also so impressed with Evan. He was a pleasure to talk with and certainly won us over with taking our order one step further but suggesting the charcuterie after we had already ordered. I'm certain that the "wings" would have been amazing as well. The whole lunch experience prompted us to go back to Kingfish for dinner. I had the duck breast (perfectly cooked, very tasty) and BF had Ribeye (I think I only got one bite and it was gone before I knew it).
In a city full of amazing food, this drink stop turned into a food experience that we can't stop talking about. Hats off to Chef Richard for some inventive, amazing food and Evan for making a mean Old Fashioned (one that made the top 5 of our quest for the best Old Fashioned) and the great food recommendations!Jennifer was a our server and I'll start there.  The service was absolutely phenomenal! :
We were two tables, a party of 14, and Jennifer  single handedly took care of us. I've been to more restaurants than I can count and was blown away  completely  by the service and complete knowledge of the menu. 
I had the ribeye after having a serious argument with myself over that or the rabbit. After talking b with some associates. I may have made the wrong choice. However,  the ribeye was absolutely amazing too!  My recommendation, just listen to Jennifer!  Marty was her backup and he was awesome too according to what my associates at our other table said. 
This place is absolutely phenomenon!  Great food and amazing service!  Make damn sure you get Jennifer  as a server though!
Try it, you'll love it!Kingfish hosted a 4 day conclave in one of the dining rooms, and it was exceptional. Angelina and the staff made sure we were well served and attended to. The crawfish monica was particularly tasty, and the salads were varied and delicious.Very nice restaurant. Love the more casual feel vs the other more formal restaurants in the Quarter. While the feel is casual the food is very sophisticated. The appetizers were yummy and I enjoyed my taco meal. Two things weren't perfect though. The water glasses they give are very small- shot glass size- and with a day of drinking already complete it was annoying to have to refill your cup after two drinks. Also our waitress also clearly didn't want to be there as she seemed bothered by a lot of our questions or requests since we're fairly normal.I ended up eating here TWICE during my short visit to New Orleans.  First I had a great dinner with my wife (I had the Junky Chick - you have to try this) and she had the Steak Frites.  Both were great as was the service.  Then I had a business dinner with 5 people -from all parts of the US and Robert, our waiter kept all of us happy.  Nicely done Kingfish!We booked a party of 15 about 72 hours in advance and it was super easy to do over the phone. For a group that size they do require a credit card on file though and will charge $25/head if you don't show up. The only negative part of the entire night was they originally had our group split up between two tables that were on either side of a walking pathway for servers and I wasn't made aware of this while making the reservation. However they quickly found a way to get us all together and it ended up being a great night. Our server Kayla was excellent and kept an extremely professional and cheerful attitude the entire night even through our complaining and bachelor party inebriation that happens in New Orleans. The food was good, service was excellent, very affordable Would absolutely recommend.Solid food, even at happy hour! Really lacking in service though. We did meet some interesting people at the bar and that made for a fun evening!The food and drinks were delicious, but the highlight of my night was Steven the bartender. He was an absolute charm. So charismatic and knowledgeable about the menu. Will definitely be back for him and the rest of the fantastic staff!This will be my 3rd time eating here. I've never left a review because while I liked the place & service nothing about it stood out. I felt like they were finding there grove if you know what I mean?... Well I think they found it. Their cocktails are some of the best in town. We got the nachos with pulled pork but they use Cracklin instead of nacho chips. We also ordered spaghetti and Italian salad. This place made for a great night out.**lunch review only**
We stopped into Kingfish for lunch one day we were walking around the french quarter as the bar area was enticing. We were not disappointed! The bar tender was sweet and informative, I'm sad I didn't catch her name to give her a proper shout out. I ordered a mint julep and she warned me it was mostly bourbon (I guess people don't know that and are surprised?), and it was wonderful. They crush the ice old school, with a bag and a mallet, which I thought was neat. We started with the cracklins, which were unlike any of the ones I have had in VA, these were very meaty, almost like a fried piece of jerky. Super yummy! Then I had the pulled pork, which was also very good and my husband enjoyed his burger. I would like to come back for dinner and sample more of their menu.
Update: This is a great place for after dinner drinks and a snack also. Apparently the kitchen has changed a bit since I had been there a few years ago, but the service remained the same and the food was just as good.Kingfish delivers royally good food and service! 
Great service and food. We came a bit early for our reservation and they were able to seat us quickly. The food was phenomenal, the alligator was tender and flavorful cooked in an great sauce it was really nice to see it cooked other than fried. The duck was moist and amazing cooked with molasses giving it a sweet crispy skin. The service was awesome and attentive. It's on the list for my next visit.Went here last month during a work trip. A group of us we're staying nearby and wandered in on a Saturday night. Seated right away and got some appetizers which were ok. 
Got the duck and ordered it rare which is something I thought I'd never do. Bingo. Best duck I've ever had. The hash it came with was top shelf as well.