My boyfriend and I fell in love with Krystal's tiny burgers as soon as we took our first bite.  It's absolutely yummy after a long night partying on Bourbon Street and still yummy as breakfast the next morning.  Yes, we had Krystal's twice in less than 8 hours!  That's how much we loved it!  They practically melt in your mouth.  I am fiending just thinking about them.White Castle burgers are GOOD....Krystal burgers are NOT.
Someone used the phrase belly bomb...I agree with that.
My advice....DON'TThis is the only Krystal burger in the NOLA area (and maybe south Louisiana).  Because it's on Bourbon St., the prices are high and, let's face it, you probably won't be walking in here sober (which is probably why the prices are high).
Krystal burgers are tasty, but I don't get them from this location.  Actually, I only get them when I can find them, which is not often when I'm usually either in Houston or NOLA.OK so this place is basically a White Castle's knock off.  Mini burgers that slide down nice and easy when you're hammered.  Opportune since this particular establishment is located at the end of Bourbon Street.
The food is drunk food so it serves its purpose.
The place is in New Orleans so you have to love it.
They make you buy before you pee.  This presented a problem.
Two stars, whilst a member of our group swore this was the best darn cheeseburger she'd ever had, I was peeved that I had to pay before i peed.Ok, I give Krystal a 4 star because it's kind of a unique little chain like White Castle only a skosh better in my opinon.  I love the Pups (baby hot dogs) and if you've been drinking, these sandwiches are especially delicious.  Not that great when you're sober but they do make a nice snack to tide you over until dinner.  I enjoyed seeing this place on Bourbon Street in NOLA.  I usually eat at Krystal once when I'm visiting in Central Florida too.Had a fantastic breakfast this morning.  Sausage, Gravy, Biscuit, Eggs all in one bowl.   Really tasty.I was very impressed on how very clean this restaurant is! Perfect for after drinks on bourbon street! The staff was super fast and efficient while being extra polite to all the customers.It was ok. Hit the spot when I needed it to, just not a place I frequent. Decent food. I ordered the chicken sandwich and fries. The chicken had lettuce, tomato, bacon and cheese..Chilli cheese burger and onion rings are on point. Definitely going to come back on my way back to arizonaI know what you thinking , ...low end fast food in the middle  of " live to eat city ?" yes I went there. Why ? well because I love white castle hamburgers, and I moved to a state that doesn't have them. These were as close as you can get, the buns are a little larger, so it's not quite the same, but hey, at 4 am on Bourbon street, I am sure this place is as much fun as white castle usta be . We can all sing , oh when the drunks come marching in.....Was somehow talked into coming here late night since it semi resembles a White Castle burger. I've never heard of the fast food chain before so didn't know what to expect. Convenient they have a combo meal that comes with 12 of them if you're in a big group. The mustard and pickle combo on a tiny burger was too much in a bite. It's pretty crowded but they knock those little suckers out quickly.Do not go to this place sober.  I haven't done it, but I just can't imagine that it would be a pleasant experience.  That being said, this place is great for late-night-leaving-the-Quarter food.
This is the White Castle of New Orleans.  Sliders, mini chicken sandwiches, mini chili dogs, mini corn dogs.Not a whole lot of food options during Mardi Gras at 3 am and Krystals  mini burgers hit the spot. Similar to WC burgers in Chicago. Service was quick and was kept pretty clean considering it was Mardi Gras crowd most of the time. I ate here 3 times during our visit and enjoyed it every time.Quick? Nope.
Amazingly delicious? Nope.
Open late? Yep. 
Awesome workers? Hell no.
Delicious when drunk? Absolutely.
Affordable? Yep.
Crowded? Hell to the yes.
Good enough? Sure.
Will I be back? Yes. When drunk.If I could give no stars, I would.
This seemed perfect - a late night stop after being out at the bars all afternoon/night. This place was the worst decision I made in New Orleans.
Within 6 hours both myself and the person I went with were so sick. I will leave out the details but I have never been that sick in my whole life, and we ended up having to rent the hotel room out another night because we could not get back in the car to drive home - even at noon the next day (this was consumed at 2AM).
Even eating it drunk, you could tell the food was bad and we could not even finish it. The fries were horrible - like half cooked and no flavor -  who makes bad fries?! We didn't eat any of them.
Do not go here - dealing with no late night food and a hangover the next day is a way better option!!Being from Chicago we were in new Orleans so we had to get sliders from Krystal close to white castle but no cigarFor what the place is, I think it's awesome.
Harold and Kumar made me wonder how awesome white castle was, so on a business trip to the east coast I made a road trip to one and I thought it tasted like ass.  You can really get the same taste out of whatever they sell nationally at Walmart in the frozen food section.
Krystals on the other hand was pretty good.  The wings were pretty awesome late night food and the chicken sandwich sliders were actually flavorful too.I'm no culinary prude and I can appreciate cheap n' greasy...but Krystal does not qualify as an edible consumable.
The stores are generally kept up, clean, and the employees are great, but the burgers/sliders are grotesque, have no taste (do include a violent after-taste).  There are cheaper alternatives out there.Visiting New Orleans this weekend! This is what White Castle is supposed to be! God damn these little suckers are tasty! Best sliders in NOLAIf I could give 0 stars, I would do that in a heartbeat. Worst customer service ever!!! I love NOLA and the people in this city but this business blows when it come to customer service. Everyone is too busy watching videos on their phones or taking smoke breaks instead of wiping down the tables. After my wife wipe down our table our food came. I asked for dipping sauce and was charged 38 cents for each one. While the girl was ringing me up, she's watching a video on her phone. After the receipt printed and she got my change, she holding out the receipt watching her video. She was waiting for me to grab it from her instead of her handing it to a customer. When she finally lifted her head up and handed me my change, I told her I didn't need the receipt. This bitch had the gall to tell me that I needed to throw it out. I definitely will never go in that shit hole again when I visit NO.Granted I was drunk when I ate this but I enjoyed every minute. The burgers were just like White Castle. Perfect late night stop. YumOne of the grosses burgers I have ever had in my life. The meat did not look like meat it was gray and slime like. I'm not sure if that is normal and have no need to go back and see if that do better.Great food for that long walk back to the hotel late at night.This place is awesome. I opted for the chicken since I don't eat beef. The husband got the little burgers. The fried are ok, but the little spicy chicken sammiches are delicious.Like others say...it's very similar to White Castle. Checked this place out cause we wanted to try fast food that's local. Wasn't bad and wasn't awesome.Wow! Great little burgers and chicken.  Especially at 4 am.  The locals there gave the advice to know who your baby daddy is...  Great when you have had one too many.  Wish we had one in Denver...Krystal is pretty much the White Castle of Bourbon Street.  Krystal serves up little slyders on the little buns, are open late-night and attracts drunks.  I've had it both sober and intoxicated.  The burgers are thicker and actually juicier than White Castles and don't have that stench of the "SICKNESS" that the Castle emits.
Remember?  The SICKNESS is that craving you get for nasty-ass processed and barely-edible "food stuffs."  It tends to happen when one is intoxicated and craves gross food.
So, Krystal isn't as much of a contributor to the SICKNESS as is White Castle, but the size, price and attractiveness when drunk all make it palitable.  And, on a plus side, you can get your White Castle SICKNESS fix on Bourbon Street!Chili Krystal beats any White Castle burger ANY DAY!!People are unbelievable. You get much more than what you pay for compared to most places. Perfect food for late night drinking and parting on Bourbon st. In New Orleans. We got them and loved them. Very good. Exactly what we expected and wanted.It's did actually get less than one star. The food was none edible. It actually smell like dog food. If that not bad enough the staff of this location tonight was even worse. They treated us like we were a bother and that's even before we ordered. I have every intention I'll never spending money ever again.Well, I only stopped here because people told me that this was New Orleans version of White castle, Um, NOT! They prepare it the sam, it looks the same, but it doesn't smell the same and it sure as heck doesn't taste the same. Maybe if I was in the dessert and starving I MIGHT try another one, but I think I would rather eat dirt!It's flithy but what do you expect from bourbon.  Get you some white castle style burgers and converse with extremely inebriated women.  It's the ultimate win win.Good ol' KRYSTAAAAAAL Burger has always been  the late night rescue for me when I'm in a drunken stupor on my way back to my hotel.   I've eaten here several nights after partying on Bourbon!!!!!!Krystal on bourbon. Same manager for years. Good stuff. The new cashier was having a tough time but thats ok. It's called character here.I really don't get the hype with these slider fast food joints.  I've never been to a White Castle, so I can't compete, but I really wasn't impressed. It's cheap, I guess, and the fries were decent, but there are plenty of better fast food burger joints out there.
I say skip it.  It's not worth the calories.Awesome place for sliders. Had for breakfast three days in a row here. Being from the north we have White Castle and I believe this place is the southern equivalent. Kind of pricey but worth it. Would recommend.Late night hours but not quite White Castles but it will do when WC is not there. It gets busy so be patient get your order and you fillWas in NOLA on a recent vacation and needed a quick bite in the morning around bourbon st so I ventured here since I've never had a krystal and I am a big white castle fan.  The sliders are good, but for basic sliders I wouldnt pay close to a dollar for each.  But I guess when most of the patrons are probably inebriated, they are not paying attention to the price.This was the first Krystal I ever ate at. I had breakfast there. Was it memorable? Not really, but it's fast food what do you expect. I just needed something fast & easy (just like the hookers on Bourbon Street) this did the trick (trick, ha ha ha, another hooker reference). I had some breakfast sausage, scramble eggs, & grits with some coffee. It was what it was. Filled me up. I didn't get the squirts. Thank you Krystal for not giving me Hep C.I really liked it! Tried just one of the sliders. The meat doesn't look like fresh meat but it was really good haha sort of like white castles burgers. Cheap and yummy!!Colossal ripoff.  Looking to try the "sliders of the south"?  You're better off holding out until you go to Tennessee, Georgia, Florida or any other southern state; you'll easily pay double for a little square hamburger at this location.A belly bomb, by any other name, is still a belly bomb.  That said, I'd have felt way worse in the morning if I'd ended my night with 3am White Castle.
Going to "Krystal" made me feel like I was eating something foreign and exotic instead!  Ok, fine...I still felt awful in the morning, but I'm just gonna blame the booze instead.Service was awesome again today. Food came out fast. They have the best chocolate shakes! Staff even shooed out a hobo that was clearly high and just wanted to dig in the trash.basic sliders. good for drunk, oblivious people late at night. clean space. 
you may see a passed out customer sleeping with his head on the counter, holding his change and a bag of uneaten sliders.
busy at 2 AMLove this place. Quick and friendly. Great mini burgers and great chili cheese fries. Definitely something tasty to eat when you're on bourbon drunk and hungry .Yes, 4 stars here people. So, safe to say I was here (twice) after a night (nights) on Bourbon Street. Some of the comments here are hilarious. If you can explain/recall everything you had here in great detail, you were here for the wrong reasons. Were Harold & Kumar sober when they embarked on their adventure-filled quest for White Castle? Yeah, didn't think so. If you're pretending to be some pretentious foodie and want to critique the umami qualities of your BS foie gras, you're at the wrong joint. This place sells sliders, fries, and soft dranks.  
First off, I'm a White Castle fan. Finding this place was a treat. When you need something to soak up the booze (so you can make it to your 7AM meeting the following morning), this place will most likely have it. The first time, I was already coming off my buzz, so I was a bit more lucid and reasonably observant. I watched the folks cooking the food. One gentleman, who was cooking/assembling the burgers, took great care in putting together our orders. It was a really nice thing to see. I got the four slider (with cheese) combo and this is as every bit as good as White Castle (if not better on some days). It's greasy, savory (yeah, i said it) and hits the spot. 
My second visit, I ordered the four slider (2 cheese and 2 chicken) combo. I don't remember coming here and I don't remember ordering. I also don't remember taking just one bite of food and passing out in my hotel. When I woke up the following morning to make my flight, I said a solemn farewell to my unfinished meal. I wish I had brought it with me on the plane.
This is a place where you can sober up after a night full of regrets on Bourbon Street. Also, if you grew up on Krystal, I imagine you'd come here to relive the pleasant moments of your childhood (I certainly would). Leave your food critic garbage at the door.Well: it's a Krystal; kinda like a White Castle but Southern. 
Honestly, I've been to lots of Krystal Restaurants; especially after a night of partying, rarely sober. But this particular restaurant is special: it's been there since my Dad was in school at Tulane (many moons ago) and he used to sneak down to NOLA underage, party-balls, sleep in the bus station, and generally live cheap.
So, while we were walking Bourbon Street one night, per normal, I coerced my "GF" to walk with me to the Krystal. She'd never been & we had the munchies. We ordered 3 cheese Krystals & a FF at around 11 pm on a weeknight. Our food came out hot and fresh. The counter servers were nice-ish and somewhat attentive: enough for me/us. 
The Verdict:
Cheap food. Classic diner street-side decor. Relatively safe neighborhood near Canal. Satisfied munchies. No white table clothes - fo sho.  
Fresh. Hot. Small. Square.
Get some.If you're drunk this is a go to spot for a fast bite to eat.  The burgers are tiny but not horrible.  The chicken sandwiches seemed to have way more meat then the burgers.
When sober this place is not worth a trip.First time trying I thought the burgers were too bready and didn't have much flavor. meh.Stopped in for a late lunch with the wife. Used to White Castle up north, so that was my basis for comparison. Thought its on par with them. Had burgers, fries, chili cheese pup and sweet tea. Quick, tasty, delicious.Brought the wife here for her first Krystal experience. We were lucky enough to get Robin to assist us. She was friendly and kind. Recommended a hot apple pie and she wasn't lying. That pie was great. To bad Krystal isn't in Los Angeles. Krystal please be sure to show Robin the appreciation she deserves. She truly made the experienceI stumbled on this place around 10:30 on a Tuesday night. There was no lines, there was only a random man talking to one of the workers and they looked like they were arguing over some childish stuff. There was about 5 workers..all looked tired....but they were nice. There was about 15 or more combos. They have the typical Diner foods, hot dogs, burgers, fries, milkshakes, chicken/gravy bucket, etc. The combo prices are around $8.00-$14.00 ... The food quality was Awful. Fries were not flavored. Chilli dog was smelly. The presence of grease was very apparent in your stomach as you walked back to your room. Surely, this place is great when you're drunk...but otherwise it should be looked over!!!I was actually really excited to try this place out since I live in Las Vegas where we don't have this. My boyfriend and I stopped by on a rainy day. The restaurant itself was surprisingly very clean, something I wasn't expecting since it's on Bourbon Street. The lady working the cash register was very nice to me however as I was waiting for my food she started getting into an argument with another customer across the store. It had something to do about him getting into the bathroom, so dumb, and inappropriate. 
We ended up sitting in the small downstairs area facing the street. It was pretty fun people watching. Anyways, I ordered the combo with 3 burgers, a drink and fries but I substituted my fries for chili cheese fries. The burgers were not impressive at all, they didn't have much flavor and tasted like those microwavable ones you can grab from the store. The chili cheese fries were pretty good and were a decent size. 
It's always fun to try new places that aren't found in your own city but I wouldn't stop by again if I ran into one.I had never heard of Krystal until I visited NO. I ate here 3 days in a row (once buzzed, twice sober), and I was only in New Orleans for 3 days as well. I can't effin believe I did that.  My buddy who was actually here for the whole week said that Krystal's was the best food he tasted during his weeklong sojourn in New Orleans! And the dude was SOBER. 
The moral of this story is, "different strokes for different folks" because I strongly disagree with my buddy. Bottom line: this place is only good when (1) nothing else is open and you're are $hit-faced like you've never been $hit-faced before or (2) you lost all your money gambling at Harrah's and you forego paying more than $10 for any semblance of decent food and resort to Krystal for cheap sustenance. 
You can just taste the crap quality and greasiness in every item. Especially the Krystal burger and the chilli cheese fries/dog. After eating this, I can feel a thin film of grease/oil coating my mouth, teeth, and lips. Not pleasant my friends, not pleasant at all. The oily sensation in your mouth is similar to that of having eaten a tub of lard and gargled a glass of canola oil. Chew a piece of gum or brush your teeth IMMEDIATELY to get that greasy coating out your mouth. 
But you have to give credit where credit is due. Krystal serves it's purpose well. +3 star for location on Bourbon St., being open late, and being cheap. Disclaimer: If you come here when sober, this place automatically drops to 1 star.It's like eating in a third world country. 
It's painful watching how hard the employees try to give you bad service.
If you end up here, you made some bad choices!Great burgers on Bourbon street for that late-night snackCombo #1 with sweet tea and fries for $5.81. Louisiana's white castle burgersSmall place, but not cramped. A little more expensive than I'm used to. The food was on point, especially for a hangover.Perfect stop and grab for a late night, out having fun on Bourbon Street snack. A Krystal burger is what it is - a steamed slider. The counter staff are fast and helpful. The store is super clean - a miracle on Bourbon Street.i'm from NYC and we love our white castle and i have been south to chic-fil-a and krystals was the best of both worlds. Sliders for lunch and chicken biscuit for  breakfast.  Open 24hrs means yummy for your tummy when crave hits or you need something to soak up the libationswhen I got drunk in New Orleans at 2am this was the place I went to every time
the fried chicken wings were my weapons of choice, due to its variety, crispiness, and oh so good when you are drunk tastinessIt's like the White Castle of the south.
Great drunk food. 
Small burgers and chicken sandwiches. I got the spicy chicken sandwiches and it was hella spicy. I love spicy foods so I wasn't bothered by it, just wasn't expecting it to make my nose run. 
The staff was cool and accommodated my drunk request without hesitation. Shout out to the team! I'm sure they get a lot of fools going there acting up.I haven't been to Krystal  in such a long time.  I've never even seen a Krystal until we travelled out of New York.  It's a matter of fact, the last time I visited a Krystal it was on the road on a bus trip to Orlando when I was a young teen.  I remember a time when they had really good breakfast items such as their Danish and waffles.  Not anymore!
The breakfast menu was limited and didn't have pancakes, waffles or Danish.  I had scrambled eggs, grits with cheese and a sausage. All were greasy.  The cheese was two pieces of processed cheese sitting and looking very unappetizing on top of my grits and not really melting.  There was also a biscuit.  Sis had cold coffee and had to get a replacement.  She had fried eggs, bacon, biscuit and hash.  She was telling me how greasy the food was, which I already didn't need anyone to tell me that.  Thank goodness I opted for orange juice.  You can't go wrong with a boxed Minute Maid juice.  I paid around $7 for breakfast and too bad I didn't visit Jimmy J's earlier.  I would gladly spend the few bucks for a much superior meal.
The place looked like any fast food joint but it was clean, with upstairs dining. It was quiet when we went and only some locals coming in to order.   This one you can totally skip.About thirteen years ago, I was standing - well, swaying - in line at approximately drunk o'clock a.m. on a Blursday night after an overly ambitions night of quaffing spirits in the Quarter when I found myself unable to resist the siren call of Krystal Burgers near the top of Bourbon before trying to find a cab back uptown.  As a life-long Southerner, I know the value of those greasy little square burgers tucked in pillowy soft steamed rolls when you are three sheets to the wind and gravity has become your mortal enemy.  Nothing would sway me from a big sack of those delicious little delicacies that has forever put Chattanooga, Tennessee on the world culinary scene.  So, there I was in line when a rather large woman in front of me suddenly became rather unruly with the staff.  I'm not sure what she was going on about, but I am fairly certain she seemed to think that Krystal had somehow failed to meet her exacting culinary standards and so she was doing an imitation of Gordon Ramsey with the sixteen year-old girl managing the register.  I think she was arguing she should get some sort of discount for ordering burgers by the gross. So, one of my cohorts asked me what the problem was, and I said, in a voice that was probably a bit too loud, "She just said she likes Captain Solo where he is."  Well, now, how was I to know this woman would have not only heard what I said in her frothing rage, but would have gotten what I would think have been a somewhat obscure geeky Star Wars joke comparing her to Jabba the Hutt?  Awkward, to say the least. But, in my defense, her mu-mu had a "Coleman" label on it.  I felt kind of bad later because weight jokes are a bit insensitive, but she was being incredibly rude and Jim Beam was pretty much my self-appointed spokesman at that point.  So, anyway, after facing her Rancor (Ha!) with minimal difficulty, I managed to get my burgers.  Why five stars?  Because they are Krystal burgers, that's why, and some genius had the foresight to stick one at the top of Bourbon, that's why.  Not to mention, it is the only Krystal for miles around.  But, when you're half in the bag and close to finding out if it is indeed possible to make it up the last block of Bourbon while walking on your knees while the earth spins madly around you, yes, my fried, a big sack of Krystal burgers is the definition of "Woohoo! As good as it gets!"
January 28, 2012 addendum:  Okay, who knew that this modest establishment would become the scene of one of the most egregious examples of poor sports fan behavior after this year's BCS Championship game?  Obviously, it is advisable that one exercise extra caution NOT to pass out on this establishment, ESPECIALLY if the Alabama Crimson Tide is in town, lest you wish to end up with some uninvited testicles on your person.  Then again, staying conscious is a good rule of thumb in any establishment in the Quarter.  In any case, when I say I want to go to Krystal for a "hot sack" that means BURGERS.  Not some drunken Bammer's nethers.Nice place for a late-night snack!  The fries were fresh, the burgers were hot and tasty, buns were soft and fresh and the restaurant was clean.  The service was decent and quick.
Overall, this was my first visit ever to a Krystals and it went well.  Not sure I'd eat these odd little burgers for more than a snack though.Probably the best thing you could ask for after wandering Bourbon street for an entire night. 
The little burgers they serve are reminiscent of White Castle burgers but with mustard instead of ketchup. 
Definitely a place for take-out.. I didn't feel comfortable hanging around to eat in.First, I'd like say I don't expect much from Krystal. I understand it's fast food, and not fine dining.  This particular establishment is located on Bourbon St off of Canal, so it's a very high traffic location,  especially later at night, with people filtering in from the bars all night. I went here relatively sober after a couple Abita Ambers to grab some food to take to the hotel. The staff are shouting, and seem full on angry. They are this way the entire time I'm in the restaurant.  They get mad if you are too slow ordering, mad if you ask a question,  and REALLY mad if they think you are going to use the bathroom without buying something.  The food I got tasted like their attitudes, cold and bad. I thought I saw it get cooked fresh,  but it tasted microwaved. Only visit this place is if you don't have other options, there's some fantastic late night eateries on Bourbon if you look for them, this is not one of them.Hello, New Orleans version of White Castle! If you like White Castle, and have a late night craving for some sliders, then this is your place. I had a couple cheeseburger sliders, and they were good, not great. But for a fast food chain on the edge of Bourbon Street, what more can you expect? 
Oh, and if you have to go to the bathroom, make sure you either buy food and keep your receipt, or have $3 handy to give to the bathroom security guard, otherwise you're out of luck!The White Castle of the South!  But even better?
As Carson taught me, getting wasted on Bourbon street can be hangover safe if you remember to chow down at Krystal before bedtime.  It was kickin' nicely at about 4am as we scored delicious double cheeseburgers and fries to soak up our scotch, daiquiris and beer.  Money.The Krystal chain,is the south's version of White Castle.  It's fascinating to me that these two chains, with nearly identical concepts, sprang up at the same time in different parts of the country;  it's also fascinating that one hasn't gobbled up the other.  White Castle is still family owned, Krystal was swallowed by a private equity group, so it's the latter that has the cash these days.
I like both chains, and since they rarely overlap in the same market, I get to patronize both equally, depending on where I am in the country.  This location is strategically placed at the entrance / exit to Bourbon Street, is open 24/7 and their slider burgers are perfect to soak up excessive Hurricanes.
They have breakfast sandwiches in the morning, charge $3.00 to use their bathroom (or a purchase) and also have an ATM. It's a relaxing place (most times) to sit and stare out the window at the Bourbon Street crowd.  I'm thinking four burger sliders is the right amount for breakfast.  And I'm always right.Stopped by for our last night in NOLA after clubbing. I rarely eat fast food hamburgers unless it is In n out so I opted for some hot wings. 
Best decision EVER!! I usually dislike hot wings since the sauce is too spicy and tangy for my taste, but Krystal's hot wings are fried, perfectly salted and coated with their amazing spices sans sauce. Ranch dressing is super tastey and not too thick which is great for french fries. 
I will definitely go back and try their hamburgers next time but I will can't wait to eat more of their friends.Pretty good place for a quick bite, we usually don't like chain restaurants but we were late for a city tour so we stopped in for a quick breakfast sandwich. People were friendly, service fast, and good for fast food. Ate on the way to the tour and its on Bourbon St so it's convenient.Without a Doubt, The most HORRIBLE experience EVER!!!!!  The Most HATEFUL employees I've EVER EVER EVER encountered.  Ordered 30 dollars worth of food, realized that I'd ordered one too many drinks and immediately corrected myself.  The lady behind the register informed me she couldn't back the drink out of the register and I was stuck with it.  After trying to plead my case to her that I had no use for this extra drink, she looked at me in the eye and said "You know you're in the wrong, right?"  I've NEVER been so insulted in my life!  Defintely Won't EVER be going back there!  What large fast food chain of that size in the French Quarter doesn't have a manager on duty?  Absolutely Absurd!!We often bring family and friends to NOLA for vacations. It never fails for a few of them to overdo it on their first.m night in. After one of those nights, we happened upon this place. It totally hit the spot for those who needed a quick breakfast and something solid in their stomachs. The chicken breakfast sandwiches were amazing!Stopped in here after my first night on Bourban Street. It was actually pretty decent! I remember eating a lot and craving it months later, but I will admit I wasn't sober and it only got worse after...Rude employees. No respect or courtesy given to customers. We will never go back when in town.I haven't had one of these in 15 years until last week. Thank you, Krystal on Bourbon Street, for helping me remember how awful my 15 cheeseburger binges in my youth were. I have moved on from you to In n Out Burger.Drunk on bourbon ?? Don't come here .
Even when completely plastered drunk my taste buds knew this burger was bad . The fries didn't save the situation either . Please go somewhere else since there is literally, endless options .(Note: this review is for night time/early morning, sober/daytime is one star. )
After living in Louisiana for 28 years and moving away, when I come back  to visit I have very little time to try new things or research trends in cuisine that have changed since I last lived here. Now, I'm like all of the other denizens of Bourbon Street: I'm drunk, I'm hungry, I don't want to think, I don't want to exert any effort, and I want what I ate when I was 22 years old when I was on the exact same st. Who wants to waste time researching munchies at 2 am? Nobody. Just go to Krystal. No one remembers what it tastes like anyway. And don't forget to exaggerate the amount: ie- tell people you had 8 sliders when you really had 6...etc.Yes, they are little burgers which are bad for your health. I'm pretty sure everything on Bourbon street is bad for your health. Bathroom access requires the counter girl to buzz you in, but after two visits I'd like to report that while the bathrooms are not spotless, they are surprisingly clean, which is I'm sure an amazing feat for this location.What an f'ing ripoff!!! I'm for NY and I'm outraged that I had to pay $10 for 4 crappy sliders and fries but I was drunk and starving. DO NOT compare this place with White Castle!! They are not disgusting, but nowhere as good!This place is everything you can imagine on a late night munchies adventure. Kudos to the workers putting up with drunks 24/7. We ordered 12 sliders and it was around 14 dollars and some change.  You can bring your drinks in with you as long as you are not acting like a butthead.I give a star for the staff and it was clean at 1am but shortly after eating it I got cold sweats and threw it all up but again I give a star to the staff real fun cool people don't know if it was just me getting sick but I'm 20 so I can't drink so don't know the cause of throwing up but please use cautionI never ate at white castle,  but want to. I ate here at krystal and imagined white castle to be the same.  
Sliders were good and tasty. Cheap.Not a ton to say.  They're better than White Castle sliders and they're cheap.  We ate here for our Easter "Brunch" and it was wonderful.Secondary to White Castle... fries might be better but the burger has to much mustard and not enough taste (not a mustard fan). Def a drunk spot after a long nightOn a mission to find good hangover food at a reasonable price, we happened upon Krystal. I've heard of this place and always wanted to try it. I ordered the barbecue bacon burger combo. Yum. It was hot, greasy and flavorful... perfect after a night of partying in the French Quarter. 
Service was interesting, the gals behind the counter didn't really seem like the gave a shit about anything. I truly admire their lack of dedication to their craft. 
The dining room was clean enough, the price was right and we were in and out within twenty minutes feeling full of greasy goodness and ready to party some more.This was my saving grace when in need of a quick snack at ANY hour-its open all the time! Their chicken while fried is not as gross and greasy as I would expect from a fast food joint. I love that they put pickles on the sandwich, but could do without the mao. 
The slider burgers were ok. I would go with the chicken-juicy white meat.Cheap and delicious breakfast sandwiches!  This was our grab and go breakfast spot almost every morning while staying in the French Quarter.I think that the ladies that work here must be nominated to be saints.  They deal with the drunken masses that come to their restaurant from the quarter and serve them these sliders and just stare at them and take their orders. 
They are knock-offs of White Castle burgers, but they certainly hit the spot. I got the #6 meal with 4 sliders burgers, an order of French fries, and a drink, and that was like $6.  They do sell the individual sliders for about $1.30/each, as well. 
They serve breakfast, as well, but they seemed a little scary, so we decided not to partake. 
Good place to grab something if you are within walking distance of the quarter.   It's far enough that you don't have to deal with too many of the masses, but close enough if you want to get your drink on after eating.If your a fan of White Castle sliders then you will like Krystal's, especially in the late night.
I think its just slightly better then White Castle but still a perfect choice for a post Bourbon St night of drinking.Sunny side eggs, fresh biscuit, grits and bacon.... I love me some southern breakfast. Krystal had a ton of great b'fest options which a great way to start the day after a long/wonderful night on Bourbon Street.I have a fever and the only prescription is more Krystal burgers. Well, maybe its not so much a fever as a bell filled with nothing but booze sloshing around like that time you ran the washing machine but forgot to put your clothes in.
Krystal burgers are the most basic form of slider you can imagine. a thin greasy patty, onions mustard, a pickle all on a gummy bun. PERFECTION!I have been by Krystal many times while in the French Quarter, but had other plans to eat. Went there for a burger last night and a quick breakfast this morning. The food was good. The eggs I had were cooked better than most higher end restaurants. The staff were quite pleasant and having a good time while they worked. Give them a try.Overhyped and overpriced, yet convenient when you are hungry for a burger late at night without the wait.  This was located right next to our hotel, so it was a very convenient stop on the way back from a night of drinking.  Of course the little mini burgers are all the rage here.  You'll want to get several if you're hungry.  The meat patty is embarrassingly thin.  I get mine with extra pickles.  Didn't care for the fries too much.  One night we took some burgers up to our room and they had forgotten the condiments on the burger.  Luckily I had grabbed some packets on my way out.
So the quickness and the convenience is really the only thing this place has going for it.
Lots of drunk late night tourists here.  Oh wait, that was me.Great fast breakfast spot! The breakfast biscuit sandwich with sausage & egg was really good & so were the potato crispers which are like crispy tator tot sticks.  Coffee was piping hot & service was fast. Breakfast for 2 cost us $11.  Only drawback is that most seating is up a flight of stairs & several of the booths are in need of minor repairs. Overall very clean. We will be back!Miss this place. 
I like the tiny squared burgers, it was a great midnight snack to satisfy our tourist bellies. Wish we had them in TXI would like to start by saying I do not like White Castle. The concept is similar, tiny thin burgers, served so you can eat several at a time. The difference is where White Castles burgers somewhat dissintegrated to a nasty paste in your mouth, Krystal burgers maintain their meat integrity. I used to live across the street from a White Castle and wouldn't touch the stuff. But discovering Krystal burger! Divine! So small, so delicious! It was so good that I made a trip there so I could eat there a second time before leaving.Almost $10 for a six cheese order but they are still pretty darn good. Gave away two on the walk back to hotel to some homeless guy needing food. He also enjoyed them. 
This is the mouth of Bourbon location and only reason I was by it was my visit to Felix Oyster Bar for seafood. 
Dismayed to see the filth of Bourbon now all the way up to Canal but this is what Bourbon has become.......worse as time has gone on. Mostly stay on the River side of the Quarter these days. Need a Krystal next to Du Monde.....then I could get both habits taken care of at once. 
Been to this Krystal location countless times over the years and the cheese Krystal's are still the way to go.Fast and efficient. The burgers are an imitation of White Castle.Krystal burgers are the worst fast food in the whole entire world. I don't care how drunk you are, stay away.Surprisingly good.
The burger/sliders remind me of White Castle.
I think I actually like Krystal better.
The chicken wings are really good.  Better than many of those other chains.  
The staff actually work pretty hard here.  I have to give it up for the staff that work late at night into the early morning.  They have to deal with all the drunk and disorderly customers and they do it well.  I could sense frustration on their faces but they try to hide it.  Can't blame them if they are really frustrated because having to deal with that every night would be pretty annoying.  
I think Krystal should hire a security guard to help deal with some of the unruly customers.  There are also many panhandlers that come in at night and either sleep on the tables and chairs inside.Not bad for late night good! Got the sampler combo with a vanilla shake, they were out of chocolate! Hold on to your receipt to get order! It's not in numerical order which is understandable each order is different! But you will be expected to show your receipt to claim your Burgers, Hot Dogs, Chicken Sandwiches and even Corn Dog!Think of the worst burger you could imagine.... then it would be better than this burger!  I only gave it one star so I could review. DO NOT I mean DO NOT go here! It is disgusting.  Filthy dirty and I watched them throw the existing fries back in the fryer for my meal and put the wafer thin beef on the bun squeeze mustard on top and that was it.  I went outside, pulled out the cold burger,  took a bite, spit it out and threw it away.  The FDA WOULD HAVE A FIELD DAY HERE! I wish I had ordered a pizza delivery!after a very long night spent with hurricanes, i needed food. quickly. headed over to krystals and grabbed a burger and some fries and it was pretty good. it's like white castle and they have really good chili cheese pups which are little cute hotdogs. creative! got my food fast which was good because if i didn't i think i might have passed out. thanks krystal!White Castle of the South.  The founder even shapes his burgers like White Castle's burgers because he had them up North.  White Castle serves them with just onions, Krystall serves them with onions and mustard.  It's good, fattening, delicious fast food and great drunk food. 'Nuff said.A quick place to get tasty biscuits and grits as a reasonable price.  Very nice staff.  A good send-off before an airport run.We were in a rush to get to a FQ tour so picked up 2 double cheeseburgers and 2 original chicken sandwiches. That came out to $10?! Pricey but at least it was better than I thought it would be. It looks like white castle burgers but tastes better. The chicken sandwich was deceivingly juicy. There are so many great restaurants in the area - don't come here if you don't have to but if you do go with the chicken sandwich.Krystal's offers mini bruger,chicken sandwiches and a lot other great menu items. I usually eat here as a late night snack after a night of fun and partying hard! The food is good and the price point is excellent!Even on New Year's Eve the staff was efficient and the restaurant clean. Plus, it's three stories which is more than enough reason to love this Krystal. The tiny hamburgers are just a bonus.OK, I would not recommend eating these burgers sober. However, a few passes up and down Bourbon Street and a couple of Hurricane's later, these are starting to look pretty tasty. The first one goes down a bit rough, too much mustard I think. But, by the second or third, you'll wish you had a few more to scarf down. Smart location too.I hate to rag on any place so I'll start with the good (ok). The fries and coke were ok but for me personally I thought the burger was a 1 out of 10. Just not my thing. I was hoping for much more but just didn't do it for meGood, little burgers. Better than any White Castle I've been to. Like the layout. Has three stories. Narrow building, just like a lot of the French Quarter.
Fries are good. Gotta grab some of those, no matter what you choose.Dang it , so good. So bad for you. 
In a great location right as drunks are leaving burbon st. 
Only complaint were the workers. One acted like taking my order of 4 sliders was a root canal for her. But over all they are a decent 2 nd to White Castle in a pinchPerfect late night spot and one of the only fast food joints in the French Quarter. If you've never been to Krystal, it's similar to White Castle but I think the execution is better. When I went to this location there were a lot of drunk people being very obnoxious to the staff, but they still managed to stay calm and polite and get food to customers quickly. I have to give them props for what they do! Accuracy was also good with our order. The owner is often working the fryer and he seems to be very in control of the store. Good job guys!Food Quality: Krystal is your typical fast food restaurant. Food is decent (even better when you're drunk). I have gone like 8-10 times in my 2 visits to New Orleans, mainly because it's right on Bourbon (and it saves my wallet from the other expensive meals I'll be eating). You really can't go wrong with the standard krystals.
Price: I paid less than $7 each visit for a pretty filling meal. Pretty on par with other fast food restaurants.
Atmosphere: It's extremely dirty, and has a pretty negative feel to it. But I didn't expect any differently as it is filled with drunk people from Bourbon. 
Krystal does what it's supposed to do. Provide ok food to fill your stomachs quickly while keeping your wallet intact when you're intoxicated. It's pretty much just a NOLA version of White Castle.I enjoyed it ... ate too much but I did. Quick and easy. Service was fast and fun. Just a walk from my hotel... what can I say? Good classic Krystal burgers. Nice and greasy!The burger "meat" (if you can call it meat) is a weird grayish purple color.  I was hesitant to eat it but at 3am, when you are hungry, you go against good judgement.  Sadly, 3 of us got sick the next morning.  It seriously sucks getting sick when you are on vacation.  I would avoid eating here unless you got a strong stomach.  
Even if this place hadn't gotten me sick, I am not sure what the hype is.  I hate it when burgers have more bun than meat.Just awful, who eats this!  My curiousity did me in.  Been a long time since I threw food away because it was so cheap, flavor and filthy dining area.  It looked like they had not cleaned the air vents since 1932.  Never again!Nice employees, cheap, clean restaurant. Decent Krystal burgers with cheese. Nothing too special but a nice southern tradition to try. I wouldn't crave Krystal burger like I do In N Out!How can anyone growing up in the south not love the trot down to 'Greas-tals' for a half-dozen sliders at midnight?  This homage to grease and grime is an institution in any small town lucky enough to have one of these icons.  An amazing foodies dream.  And to hit this spot at 1 AM on Bourbon?  Come on, it don't get no bettah dan dat.  The counter-staff ladies are perfect - they efficiently move your money from the counter to the register without breaking any of their garishly-colored 6-inch false nails. You silently shuffle sideways to wait - for nirvana.  When your name is finally called, your stomach growls, you're handed your little clear bag of solid gold, and you try to at least wait until you clear the front door before you reach in and grab one of the little boxes of heaven, pull out a warm handful of love, and savor the first of what will be many 4-bite orgasmatic moments.  Grease-tal Sliders - the best thing going in Nawlins.  Truly an American dream - this is what makes the USA a great country. You can look it up.Have you ever woken up and asked yourself, why are all these damn wrappers on my hotel floor?
Okay. Wait. Maybe I should have been more specific as to what type of the wrappers, especially for my male readers. All three of you.
Anyway, one morning, after a wild night on Bourbon Street, I woke up to find Krystal wrappers all over my hotel floor. My memory is hazy, but basically after a night of debauchery, my coworkers and I needed to a place to chill out, eat something, and hope for the best. And by hope for the best, I mean not suffer from "mud butt" the following day.
Krystal ended up being that place.  It was essentially, the poor man's White Castle.
As I remember, the place was clean, had excellent customer service, and the food was pretty good even though the burger patties were gray. 
I enjoyed my mini Krystal burgers so much that I took an additional order to go with me and proceeded to pig out while watching "Gossip Girl" on my laptop. I woke up in my underwear, with ketchup and mustard all over my man boobs and gut, and my hand stuck in a box of fries. 
That's hot.This place is definitely good if you've been drinking a lot.
The burgers are good, but the pups were a little disappointing. Bread was tough and it  tasted old.
Probably wouldn't come here soberLooks like white castles taste like em too.  Lil taste of home  six thirty im drinking long islands and I need to feed the liquor. This hit the spotSo, this is a little burger shop on the corner of Canal and Bourbon in New Orleans.  It was a late driving day stop for a late night meal that turned out to be better than expected given the location.
The burger was pretty good given the time of night, price, and location.  It was not exactly the "Angus" experience I am used too but it was better than a typical McDonalds burger.
The highlight of the food was the apple pie.  Do you miss the old fried pies from McDonalds? Never fear! Fried pies are here!  They are the exact pies that McDs used to serve and they are awesome!
The spot is fairly clean where it counts, and this is hard in its location.  Do not think you will run into the bathroom for a quick stop though, it is like a war zone.  Just dont.Serves one purpose.  
Preemptive strike late night to fight off the hangover that is about to occur.  
Always a few extra are a good idea...cause those with you will want one.  Stick with the cheese burgers and fries.  Don't bother with any other chicken sandwiches.  
Just greasy goodness to end the night with before you wake up hung overGiving Krystal five stars just because the burgers are really but really good !! Not giving five stars for the price or service, their burgers are perfect but they need to improve In service and the price , they are stealers !The order took 25 minutes and while we waited the cashiers were eating 2 hamburgers and laughing. This is the most unprofessional, anti customer service place I have ever been to.Ugh, if Bourbon street hasn't made you want to go home and scrub with bleach HARD, then this place will.  I know I know, it's Bourbon Street, but God would it kill a bitch to SMILE? Ghetto staff, mediocre sub par food, and smelly restaurant.  Do yourself a favor and STARVE.The burger's are just what the Dr. ordered after a night of revelry.
We're not talking gourmet, just filling.So picture the scene, 3 am... Bourbon Street.. Several drunk people who appear starved (the way we were yelling you would think we never ate) 
We were all staying at the Monteleone or the Hyatt so naturally we ended up here. 
We go in & everyone begins yelling at the poor girl at the register - they were so patient & nice to put up with all of us. One in our party swore the girls name was Krystal (as it said it on her shirt) and he just continued to keep calling her "Krystal with the Cornrows" with what was clearly not the normal level for speaking but I guess after all night drinking what level is correct. 
We purchased some crazy amount of burgers, fries, more things that shouldnt be eaten that late at night & then headed back to the hotels... 
I really dont remember much but I MIGHT have woke up with french fries ALL OVER ME in bed...  So yeah.. I think they were good, I might have had a chicken sandwich that might have been delicious... 
Sorry to Nakia (I think that was her name) for my friend who swore your name was Krystal... You were such a trooper for not hitting him!You know how white castle isn't really that great? I mean we've all seen Harold and Kumar and have fetishized it enough to even get the frozen white castle burgers. And those frozen ones are even worse than the somewhat crappy real thing.
Well krystal is even worse than that. You're actually better off buying frozen burgers and microwaving them and that's sort of ridiculous.First time eating fast food in a long time and I'm sure glad it was here. The burgers were melt in your mouth goodThere's really not a lot to say here. Burgers/sliders/dogs. Just a little bit better than a McDonald's,
If you're visiting New Orleans, chances are you're at a hotel off of, or on, Canal St or Poydras St. If that's the case, you have to stumble South down the French Quarter to get to your hotel. This means that if you've been getting "Bourbon-faced on Sh*t Street", then you will be passing right by Krystal. If you already passed by the neon pizza joints and the waiter-service places that you're simply too drunk to handle right now... there is Krystal. 
After 9 or 10 PM this place becomes a haven for wayward drunks, so I'd advise dodging the place if you don't qualify. With all of the other food in the area, I can't imagine why anyone would ever come here if they could pass a breathalyzer. At 1:34 AM, it hits the spot. Plus, it's practically the only place on Bourbon St that doesn't serve alcohol, so it's a good spot to sober up and put some water on top of the sliders and yellow beer in your stomach.I was only in New Orleans for 3 nights, but must have had a bajillion of these little burgers.  There is nothing better than scarfing down 10 lil cheese burgers at 4 in the morning after a crazy night.  I mean I love White Castle, but I think these burgers are superior.  I absolutely LOVE the cheese burgers and stuck to eating a ton of those however I did try the fries and the chicken burger.  The chicken thing was very good but the fries were just eh.
Anyway, no trip to New Orleans would be complete without a late night stop at Krystal.  I can't wait to return.This place deserves no stars!
I have been here a few times after some late night drinking out on Bourbon. It seems to be pretty popular for the tourists.
The food sucks! It is a lame knock off of white castle. Their burgers are disgusting even when you are drunk. I would hate to try them sober, that's for sure!
This place is always crowded given the fact that it stays 24 hours. Being open 24 hours is the only good thing about this place.
One more thing about this place is that it is always filthy. They never ever keep it clean!!! But should that surprise you?
The service is terrible! I have seen employees here get attitudes with customers on several occasions. Not very friendly at all.
In short bad food, bad service, and filthy store. I know its fast food, but there are way better options out there instead of this dump!The absolute worst service in my life. I have never in my life been subjected to such blatant disrespect and unwarranted mistreatment. Every worker there was lazy, rude, and abnormally unpleasant. The food took forever, I was given attitude for no reason, and I was treated like a second class citizen . I was made to feel as if everyone else came first before me. I will never go into another "Krystal" establishment as long as I live. Do yourself a favor and go to McDonalds! It's worth the drive and worth the search! The only reason there's one star is because I'm not allowed to give less.The late night equivalent of White Castle (back home)! The chicken club sandwiches are yummy. The late night Bourbon Street crowd packs in on any given night. People are usually inebriated so everyone is there to soak up the alcohol. I also ordered a strawberry shake but they use a "smoothie" strawberry liquid that comes in a carton. So it tasted more like frozen yogurt than a rich strawberry shake made with strawberries and ice cream. The fries are seasoned just right. Def a good go to spot if you're in the area and grabbing something to walk back to the room with. Food even travels well for "fast food."Being a California guy, had to try this southern staple.  Well, was a great looking shop on Bourbon Street but these burgers are not even good drunk food.  I didn't have enough bourbon in me to enjoy.  Staff was very helpful, establishment was clean and service was quick.This seems to be the southern version of White Castle - except the burgers weren't as greasy and the fries were better.  Although many of the reviewers went with a BAC unsafe for driving, I stopped in after only a few beers and found it a way better late night snack than Taco Bell - and the people watching was off the hook.This crew didn't know what the hell they were doing. They tried to get me to take a substitution knowing full well it was going to have cost me more. They treated my deaf friend with disrespect, and insinuated we were drunk and obnoxious for asking for normal menu items. Over all it was a terrible customer experience and I would never waste my money here again. If I could give 0 stars I would.Beware: This is not only a filthy establishment with rude service, but it is also a dangerous one. A young man who was obviously deeply disturbed threatened to kill me after running into me as I was on my way out around 5:30 in the afternoon, and apparently this is not an uncommon occurrence there according to the waiters in neighboring restaurants. No hamburger on Earth is worth that. Not to mention the meat is a weird gray purple color and the cashiers are so overtly rude that it has to be deliberate, since they openly visit with each other instead for helping some customers, then loudly greet others so boisterously it can be heard upstairs. The downstairs was so filthy that I went upstairs only to find that it was no cleaner. A dirty restaurant is inexcusable, even off of Bourbon Street. An absolutely terrible experience.I picked up a to go order of the Krystal's and Chiks and when I got home discovered a huge roach on the side of one of my chicken sandwiches. Disgusting.Decent sliders, and they are open 24/7! The breaded chicken slider meal was filling, with tender breaded chicken and soft bun. The fries that came with the meal were plentiful, and there is a soda fountain for free range soda. Service was cheerful and friendly, and our order was made shortly. If you are in the French Quarter area, this is a good place to get late night eats.I grew up eating Krystal cheese burgers. If youre from the south it's Krystal. If you live in the north it's White Castle. I truly prefer Krystal over White Castle.  Now, let me get to the important facts, about my visit. This is the worst Krystal location I've visited in my 40 years of eating Krystal. The floors were filthy. Nothing a mop and trash removal couldn't correct. My wife decided not to use a lid for her drink, they also appeared unkempt. The buns on my burgers were not steamed. So, you know already, this means the cheese was not melted. This is not the correct way to enjoy a Krystal cheese. Fries were hot and crispy. Maybe, I caught them on a bad day. I tried again 2 days later, floors were clean, same results with my burgers. I can't mention anything about the speed of their service, because you can always expect to wait at any Krystal location. If you been out all night partying on Bourbon Street, this location is for you.I'm sure there's a worse breakfast somewhere, but I have yet to find it. 
Oh well. It is what it is. 
One star for close proximity to the Crown hotel.Why in the world do people eat at these places?!?!? If you like fat fries, fat burger, fat dogs, and whatever else they have on the fat menu. Like you don't get fat enough in NOLA then to have a version of White Castle... eh! 
I came in with friends who had to have a late night snack which I did not part take in, hell I won't even order cheese fries from places like this. You walk in, the walls and floor are all nice and shiny but then you realize it's from the grease. Not for me thanks
Did you know that they have an annual contest to see who can eat the most burgers. The last winner ate 93, To Repeat As World Hamburger Eating Champion. I say bluhhhhhhhhhhhhsuper seedy location but it was over all chill. i had never been to a Krystals before as they are not in my area.  The workers were somewhat happy? i mean who enjoys getting harrassed by vagrants for 20 mins? the food was good.  its not 6 star michelin rated, but it was a good breakfast plate and i didn't even get sick off of it.The food was mediocre. My friend got her food so much later than me. The meat was a little gray, but didn't taste that bad. The cheese Krystal was soggy. Good service, but the food could use some work.Imagine White Castle. Now imagine White Castle without any of the good parts. Congratulations, you're now in Krystal.
We wanted to stop by Popeyes but it was inexplicably closed on a Saturday night. Our cab driver told us to stop by Krystal since it's open 24 hours, and boy was that a mistake.
Their food barely passes as edible. Their burger meat is grey. Their chicken sliders are dry as all hell and taste like cardboard.
The one saving grace is the fries. They were crispy, but waaaay oversalted.
We sat upstairs, and were joined by very, very drunk college girls, and a guy sleeping in the booth in the corner. I originally also wanted to go to the bathroom, but overheard someone saying it was covered in puke. So yeah... I held it in.
Also should've held in my appetite for fast food and not gone to Krystal.One of worst case of racism I've experienced. From the general disdain, the orders barked, the handing over a receipt without glancing up from their cell phone.
Plus it was dirty.
To sit at the counter, I had to pull some disinfectant wipes from my handbag to clean off the crusty grime. Yet the two workers were busy watching tv or YouTube videos on their phone.
They saw their customers trying to clean an area to eat.
The bathrooms were absolutely disgusting. Again, the workers laughing and mean-spirited.
Horrible. No southern hospitality. The worst experience I've ever had in New Orleans and it made me sad.
French Quarter people are so nice, it's made this city my favorite to visit.
This place was uninviting, dirty, and the workers were out of line.Might be the worst fast food I've ever had. Very soggy and under cooked. I for sure realize I'm paying for an equivalent of White Castle but that was disgusting on another level. My wife and me didn't even finish our food and ended up going somewhere elseOne night when I was wandering around the quarter and wanted to get something real fast I stopped by because there were lots of patrons inside. Was greeted graciously by the employees and was told to take my time. It's white small in there but the menu and variety is a ton. I took a minute to adjust my eyes and to get my thoughts together to put in my order and I got the spicy wings!  So they told me it'll be a minute, and I waited and I waited. The nice lady behind the counter handed me my wings and fries and told me to be careful because they were still hot and I'd but my tongue. Y'all, if that wasn't the nicest most awesome service I've ever gotten while I was intoxicated idk what is. They gave me some ketchup, ranch, and honey mustard. 
Fries were hot, like Katy perry in cali summer hot. And the wings were just amazing. A little on the small size but mannn I needed all the ranch to cover them bad boys up. I've never been so amazed by fast food in my life until I met Krystal.You'll appreciate this place much more after a night drinking, on your way back to the hotel. Get a big sack of little burgers, grab the condiment packs, and you'll be fine. I find it too bright to hang out there and eat so we always head back to the hotel to chow down. With chili is deelish but might provide complications in the morning.
The little burgers have just enough meat grease on the tiny patties to satisfy your post-Bourbon Street cravings and take just a little sting off the morning after effects. Any attempt to scrutinize the actual meat content or bread quality is just asking for trouble.This Krystal cost almost $8,00 for three Krystal's 
There aren't worth that kind of money8 Large Beers
+1 Large Gin & Tonic
+2 Maker's & Coke
+ 6 Chili Cheese Krystals
____________________
1 Happy Fat GuyIf you are drunk and you have no idea what you are eating but want something to soak up the alcohol, this is the place to go.  Steamed soft bread is great but where is the meat?  I am not even sure the brown stuff in the bread is really a burger or even meat.  It was too thin to tell.  It was an experience that I can now cross off my bucket list.Good good good. We got a massive box to share among eight people and if you like white castle, this is pretty much a clone. We added cheese, because it doesn't come with it so keep that in mind.
The bread is really fluffy and the inside is full of flavor. Not much to say, it's basically white castle! The fries are great, crispy and crunchy.Woof. The mini-burgers are pretty much the sorriest food that I've ever eaten. VERY disappointing. The wings were the only redeeming quality.I've never had White Castle inebriated, and I've never had Krystal sober. Guess which one I like better!
Still, you have to be pretty wicked drunk not to notice the dirtiness that exists in this Krystal location. To that end, it fits in perfectly as the capstone to a night on Bourbon.All i wanted was no pickles, I asked three times and was treated like the bad guy each time and cursed out by staff even though I still never got my sandwiches with no pickles, will not be coming back especially if They're all ran like this nowWhat do you expect?  It's a fast food joint on Bourbon Street so drop your delusions of gourmet dining and accept the reality that there will probably be several drunk and obnoxious party people in there getting some grub as they stumble back to their hotels.  Personally I have no problem with this place because the service was fast and friendly and the food was hot.  Add to this that the staff gave me about 10 Krystal Burger mardi gras beads and I had a good experience here.  It's no White Castle but it will do until I get back to Chicago.  I'll be back.Decent fairly inexpensive fast-ish ood.  Be prepared for surly counter help and having loud mouth prison-tattooed drunk thugs getting priority on their orders at 5pm because mgt is too cheap to hire security to bounce the low lives.Like White Castle. Best after 2AM to help soak up the night's revelries. I am convinced Krystal burgers and a few glasses of water staved my impending hangover, which was an incredible task to take on.Worse service ever!! I was charged twice for my order and they were so busy helping the popular people they didn't care about me.So I'm in New Orleans, eating to my heart's content and what do I spy?!  Krystal burger on Bourbon Street!  Even after eating at some acclaimed Food Network type places, there's always room for some sliders, right?  I go with my special of 5 cheese Krystals with chiil-cheese fries.  As I wait, I grab my fountain drink and check out the interior.  With a second floor in this Krystal, it must do some serious business.  
I get my sack and grab a seat by a street window, yum!  Same great soft little sliders with just a bit of mustard and ketchup.  The chili-cheese fries are also up to snuff so I'm a happy boy.  While it's not cheap at near $10, I'm guessing that's the going rate on Bourbon Street for lunch.  And I hear they do a $3.99 breakfast which can save you some dough. So thanks Krystal burger for dinner the other night.  Because man can not live by Food Network type places, alone...This is a south gem, as far as this type food. Bourbon street may not be the best place to rate. The service was poor and the manager was rude! I was going to order after I used the bathroom, and he wouldn't unlock the bathroom until I ordered food! The rating is for the food only! Although I thought he was an a$$ I understand being right on Bourbon st. It must get rough. 
-BrentOkay. First and foremost, I was VERY sober, as in I don't drink or smoke or anything. So as a sober person eating here i thought the food was cheap and delicious. Got two mini fried chicken sliders and they were hot, juicy, and flavorful. The bacon was extra crispy, the lettuce and tomatoes cut up the richness, and the mayo was the cherry on top. The buns did get slightly soggy towards the end  because of the tomatoes but i just didn't eat that part as it was forgivable to me. 
My equally sober af partner got the bbq bacon burger and gobbled it up within minutes. It was TASTY.
Anyway, it's not for everyone but if you want cheap and quick food (assembly took a lot longer than i expected but all good), come here for a good time lolI mean.... It's Krystal Burgers.  They're like original sliders. Soft warm bread... always order with cheese & onions.  This place is always open & there for you.  The staff does a great job handling clientele. Food always comes out hot, fresh, & quick.  Definitely an underrated unique place in a sea of repetitive fast food jointsKelley was amazing and her lashes are amazing. Great staff and quick service. They got my order right and it was just what I missed from back homeWhoa! This Krystal has a full array of alcoholic beverages!  They have those frozen daqueries dispensers lining an entire wall.  And you can get a giant cup with an 18 inch straw to fill!  Prices were super reasonable compared to the bars on Bourbon. It's kinda a stealth alcohol stop.
They have a small space to eat your Krystal burgers inside. Service is friendly and fast. I just got 4x classic Krystal burgers and a bottle of water. (I still like White Castle better). This is pretty much the only place on Bourbon you can get true fast-food for under $10.It can be a little scary sometimes in here at 2AM but it's worth the risk to life and limb.  Having a Krystal burger is a bit like french kissing an angel....you know you shouldn't do it, but secretly, you're glad you did.  Went in here once when it was only 10PM and they were still great.  Takes all my self control not to eat 10 of them.  They are spectacular when they are steamy but quickly become so so if you don't eat them quick enough...at least from what I understand.  I've never not eaten them quick enough.Drunken sloptarts everywhere!!!  This location gets 5 stars because the staff has to deal with befuddled customers looking to chow down and not remember it.  We actually saw some awesome employee throw out some floozy who puked in the trashcan.  At least she aimed right. 
Food is....I mean come on let's be real. It's a ghettoTASTIC slider which probably costs 2 cents to make.  It's horrible for you, probably not real meat, full of preservatives, but its so damn amazing WHO CARES?!  
If you're like me and there's no such option in your city then please go here ONCE, order the REGULAR sliders, then STUFF your face.  
Hero Tip:  I recommend NOT coming here sober.  There's an extra secret something added to the flavor when you're bent beyond reason.  Just don't puke.  Or them awesome peeps who work there will, rightfully so, humiliate you. 
Cheers!!!!krystal's serves its purpose, but let's not forget -- it's a burger joint.
i was a little peckish and was also looking for a place with wifi, and as i walked by krystal's i noticed their "check your email here" sign.  i walked in, got a couple of their tasty little burgers, and proceeded to a booth.  
the burgers were good.  as others have pointed out, there's a striking similarity to whitecastle here.  and yeah -- what's up with the prices?!  i mean, we're not talking $10 for an itty bitty burger, but a couple of them will set you back several bucks. given their size, just seems like a lot.
anyway, doubt i'll come back.  that's not to say krystal's is a bad place.  like i said, it serves its purpose (i was hungry and needed wirelss).What I lived on during Mardi Gras.  I couldn't even begin to tell you how many of these little fuckers I had during that weekend.  If it weren't for these burgers I don't think I would have been able to keep going.DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT EAT HERE.  Boiled burgers. Dead cockroaches in dining room. Dingy worker who pay no attention to you.  I have never seen my boyfriend spit out food until now.  If your drunk drink your throw up cause this will make you hard anywayHi stopped in here at 7:30 in the morning got some chili cheese fries and six crystal burgers they was very good until about six hours later I am must've drank 12 Miller lights and what come out of me as something on godly the smell was like a piece of shit with burnt hair mixture I was embarrassed of myself I actually try to burn my pants leg to cover up the aroma of death which was an extremely bad idea because it ended up going in flames rapidly there I was in a bathroom an asshole full of shit in a burning pants leg mixed with the smell of burning pubes  it was a new all time low for me but was the burgers worth it I can't really tell you the truthOh yes!  That's right , 4 stars.   And to all you nay sayers out here....it just means you are going here too sober!   My favorite late night stop on my way back from bourbon!
#NOLAI'm from Cali an never heard of a Krystals until we saw it on the news  yesterday stating that it was closing down. So as we were on Bourbon st. We all laughed and said oh that's the place closing down. Might as well give it a try. 
All honesty I see why.  
The burger is steamed yo!!! Who in the hell steams burgers? It made that tiny bun HELLA soggy. Disgusting. It was like gray meat on a soggy ass bun.
The chicken sandwiches were edible. But needs some  flavor. Best of luckThe burgers was just ok as expected. Service was 
slower than expected due to understaffed facilities. 
I found that to be true of many of the places I visited.Writing this as someone who was starving and willing to eat just about anything after heading to Bourbon street at 11pm on a Friday. Krystal is a place where you will see it all, high people, drunks covered with beads, mud, and vomit, and girls barely clothed with their shoes in hand, it is the perfect place to catch the true essence of Bourbon street. It seems as if every time I come to NOLA I end up here grabbing a bite to eat and I really appreciate Krystal's employees for being so patient with all of us heathens and preparing greasy food to coat our stomachs in preparation for the nights abuse. The food itself isn't fantastic but it definitely hits the spot, and you can't beat those late hours with a stick!!!Burgers are on point. Service was pretty fast for how packed it was. Krystal's is open late. I ordered a cheese burger and fries and will definitely order it again.Came here for a quick bite after a night of drinking, was the closest thing to all the bars and still open at 5 am! Only tried the wings and the fries and I have to say everything was good! Place served its purpose, hot fast food during late hours and the wings were very flavorful, a bit spicy for my taste but that didntstop me!Excellent drunk-post-Bourbon-St., not so excellent sober. But since you should never eat this sober, five stars.Really fresh and tasty food, clean restaurant, and speedy service. 
The hospitality is decent, but otherwise everything was great.I hadn't eaten Krystal burger since probably the early to mid 80's. Growing up in Ohio my father would take us on road trips to Nashville, where he had some family. We would sometime munch on some Krystal burger from time to time.
Very late during our first night in the FQ, we saw the huge sign and noticed that they were 24 hours and decided on something quick to take back to the room for the night.
(+) 24/7 availability is always good.
(+) I do have to admit that these sliders were much better than any I've ever gotten at White Castle. White Castle sliders always taste too salty to me, but I didn't get that from Krystal Burger.
(-) Man, this place is pretty dirty! The lobby and dining area was pretty thrashed when we were in there. Maybe we just caught them at a bad time.
(-) Service was short and cold. The cashier pretty much looked like she wanted to be anywhere but there.
(-) As expected, pretty pricey for what it is but you could do a lot worse in the FQ.
The actual sliders are actually pretty good, but everything else would make it a pass in the future. 
2 stars.I ordered twelve Krystal Burgers to go. Get home and realize there are only six in the bag. Mind you, the bag was taped up so of course I didn't rip the bag open there.Reasons I visited Krystal last weekend:
[ ] Because the food was tasty
[x] Because every other place had a line out the door
[x] Because if you have a receipt, you can use their restroom for free. Otherwise, they charge you 3 dollars
[x] Because I enjoyed the honesty of the hobos outside asking for weed moneyThese girls rock. Gave me the greatest bites with a great attitude and a smile. Will be back 10/10.A Krystal in the drunk.  My buddies and I stumbled here at the witching hour of the night on Bourbon street.  I swear a genie came out of the cash register and made great tasting cheeseburgers and fries magically appear.  Like Jeffrey C., I had White Castle sober and Krystal drunk.  Krystal is winning the battle.I don't know much about Krystal; I know White Castle though and my friend said this is just like it but I'm in New Orleans with amazing places to eat and drink. I'm not wasting time here. 
All true BUT we went out, we drank a lot  late at night and we have the munchies and now Krystals is exactly what we want. A mini burger that is a little mushy and very tasty. This is the perfect late night stop. 
Thanks for making our nightFor the purpose of the food, I would recommend Krystal. The food was ready quickly, and the price is very reasonable. The cashiers were not the most friendly, but that kind of goes along with the New Orleans atmosphere. They had some really tasty sliders and the fries were great. No ketchup needed.Great place for greasy small bites!  And open 24 hours! 
Dont be fool by the size of the sliders/ burgers.  These small burgers are tasty and will satisfy your burger craving.  The bun was very soft and fluffy; the patty was juicy.  Anyone can easily eat 3 or 4 of these sliders in one sitting.  The chilli cheese dogs are also tasty.  Like the burgers, you can't go wrong.  Also in small bites sizes, the wings are decent.  It was a bit aalty for my liking but still good.  
I will definitely visit another Krystal for my burger fix especially when it's open 24 hours a day!  
Tip:  Don't be shy.   Make sure to order enough of these mini eats!Never been to the south in my life before, so gotta try sliders. Krystal is probably not the best place to eat, especially since it's in the French Quarter, where you have much much better selections there. It's a typical fast food restaurant, where you get in and get going. But I should give them credit for keeping it clean and fast service. And the food is quite good  for a fast food (cheap) restaurant. Of course since it's in the French quarter, don't expect to get a parking (even on the street). And you either have to be a customer, or pay $3 to use the restroom.We were on bourbon street and decided to pop in and grab a slider. I'd seen this place on my last visit but hadn't had the chance to try it. I got the 3 slider combo with a drink and fries. The were okay, nothing spectacular but a good snack. The onions were plenty and finely chopped. The meat was moist ant the buns super soft.This place was horrible. I advise you not to go there. Worst sliders of all time and I put that on chiefGood drinks for a cheap price on bourbon st! keyun  smith is a kind guy with good customer service.If you're hungry for sliders or wanting to watch a fight or be in a fight ...this is the place to go after a night on Bourbon St. We stopped in on our way out of the French Quarter for some cheeseburger & chicken sliders to go. Note: If it's earlier than 10pm, or you're over 60yrs old... you're too early and tired for this place. 
I kept calling the place McDowells ( Coming to America ) sliders. They have bits and pieces from other places. 
You order and wait for your number. Theres a couple of tables where you can wait for your number to be called. If you're thirsty, there's a guy that just rolled up into the entry way, with a yard glass daquiri biz. He set up his station with bottles of booze sitting on a folding table to add in the drink. It's 10$ for a yard glass and you pick your shots you want added. There's also 2 girls with an edibles wagon on the curb. It's a one stop shop for "the kids"... 
The chicken sandwiches were pretty good, but the burgers were just ok. Loud, drunk & fast food is what Ms Krystal has to offer.Took a friend of mine in here to use the restroom who is disabled and they told us it would be a $5 minimum to use the restroom and mind you the place was trashed. Then they kept staring at us and debating on who was going to wait on us... do not recommend.I'm from New York where we have the murda burgers aka White Castle burgers . Me personally I prefer White Castle. Nothing spectacular about these burgers.