-went for brunch with friends in town from DC
-had almond croissants/coffee/chocolate cake(can't remember name)
-good but not the same as when owned by French baker
-croissants were good but not French
- would go again but not go out of way to get thereThe baguettes are inexpensive and great.  I just ate two sandwiches back to back because they are so good.  This place is top notch.So disappointed. This was our go-to breakfast spot since we live around the corner and it used to be delicious. Went there this morning after their reopening (under new ownership) and were completely let down. Not only do they not carry some of our favorites (including the small brioche - what French pastry place doesn't have a brioche?!), but what they did have was not good at all. We got a plain croissant and a chocolate croissant. Both were dry and flavorless. The chocolate croissant's ends were rock hard. And everything was smaller than their previous versions. We didn't try them, but the tarts, which used to be gorgeous (and delicious), looked so terrible. They used to have beautiful raspberry and blackberry tarts with a perfect sugar coating, but this morning they offered ugly, unappealing strawberry and orange(!) tarts. So unappealing that we couldn't even justify spending the money to try them. We will give it one more try - hopefully they are working out their kinks and we can update this with a rave review. Please, please go back to the old recipes!!!!!!I went to La Boulangerie for breakfast at 7 am. I was surprised that breakfast wasn't available. Although there were a couple of signs full of sandwiches, they weren't available yet. They open at 6 but the "sandwich guy" doesn't get there until 7. What?? Really?? Very disappointing. Pie planning on heir part. They said it would be 30 minutes. Business lost.Sadly, I have to agree with my uptown neighbors. New management has changed the recipes and offerings and La Boulangerie is no longer worth patronizing. We used to walk here all the time for genuine French pastries which I haven't seen anywhere else (chausson aux pommes being the prime example) but they have eliminated those in favor of overly sweet, mass produced items with "wider appeal". I really hoped they had just changed the look and efficiency (both of those are fine still) but the food is not the same and I'm genuinely depressed about it.10 days ago I would have told you that the Boulangerie was the best bakery in the city, possibly my favorite ever. Now they are under new ownership and recipes have changed. I am not one to post bad reviews but i am extremely sad about this and hope that some recipes can be changed back. While the change in management has brought some great new aspects, like the deli, it seems that they have changed bread recipes and the almond croissant recipe. The almond croissant now tastes like something from an airport cafe. If youd like to change the recipe Im all for it but please dont make it sub par and just as expensive.Ridiculously good.    Not here 24 hours and I'm back for the 2nd time.   Perfect croissant, biscotti that can only be described as rich, oatmeal raisin cookies that I'll need to take home, good service.   Seating outside and in air conditioned splendor, wifi password available on request.    Take a load off while strolling Magazine.Last December I wrote a review for this bakery which had just been bought and the baked goods were not what we were all used to.  I want to update this review as of 4/24/2016 to say that I went there morning, a Sunday at 7am and all of the baked goods were out and they were ready for business.  The almond croissant was wonderful, the lemon pastry was very good...it was a pleasant surprise and vastly improved with very good baked goods....anyone disappointed in the last few months should try again - you will like it.....
There was only one very small irritant and that was a women behind the counter who when I said my husband has an allergy to nuts explained about 20 times about the possibility of cross contamination and I had to tell her to please stop talking.......
Otherwise - a wonderful experience I am happy to say.OK. Really it's a fine bakery. It's just... I miss the old shop. The one with rich but not too sweet pastries... now the tasted are sweeter and probably more in line with what the general American public wants. 
I haven't seen the French style king cakes here. And the recipe for the NOLA style are the same ones from Cochon Butcher. 
They've expanded their sandwich selection too AND added ice cream. Phew. There's a lot going on in this shop.
The decor is minimal and still lovely. Not much has changed from the previous owners. There's a small amount of seating but I mostly take out. 
Solid bread selection.Literally the best croissants I have ever had in my life, I am still searching for a replacement as I am not a local. I went everyday during my trip and even got two on my last day, eating both on the drive home. I didn't try the coffee, although my friends were not big fans. All you need to know is: croissants.Sad to see how quickly the new ownership ruined this gem. The Ham & Cheese croissant was half the size it used to be and lost the creamy texture that made it great. The baguette that was formerly the highlight of the Parisian sandwich (ham, cheese, pickles) was awful -- tasted bland and had no crunch. Almond croissant was frosted (?) and lacked the delicious almond filling that gave it so much of its flavor. Did they buy it at the airport?
We'll try it again in a month. Maybe they will right the ship. Otherwise, time to say RIP to the La Boulangerie that gave us so many great weekend memories. Sad.If your headed for a walk down Magazine street towards Audubon park make it a point to stop in here and grab a few goodies that will make your taste buds sing and your trip to the park that much better. We did and boy were we pleased.... Once you walk in you are taken back by the aroma of all the freshly baked goods they have to offer. From fresh baguettes, tasty filled croissants, and the mind blowing sandwiches they are sure to have whatever your tummy craves. I know our tummies were pleased with our choices...I just had today what has to be the worst croissant of my lifetime. The pillsbury doughboy bakes better. I had not been since the ownership transition out of fear, but figured that they might have figured out by now that new is not always improved. It was tough and chewy where the croissants were once buttery and flaky. It lacked flavor, as did the new interior. Maybe the rustic interior didn't conform to the corporate schema, but it was far preferable to the cool and impersonable look that it has now. Who wants that in a bakery?! The extra star is hoping that you will use those original recipes that you bought from the original, masterful pastry chef.The croissant was unbelievable and the quiche was extraordinary!! Had to go in and out, wish I could have spent more time!!Had a short business trip to New Orleans and stopped in for lunch. New Orleans food isn't my favorite (I don't do spicy, any sort of sea food, or much fried food). This was MY kind of place to eat - fresh, good ingredients, and simple). I had a turkey sandwich and it was the best food I had in New Orleans my entire trip. I treated myself to a strawberry ice cream cone and it was delicious.This is one of the nicer french bakeries in NOLA and they offer a really full range of pastry, breads and other goodies. They even have these great ham and cheese sandwiches made on their own baguettes. The service for more exotic coffee drinks may be a little slow but it all seems to work out. During carnival season they even have French King Cakes! My favorites are the croissants especially the chocolate ones. Its a little on the pricy side but everything is a step up from anything else you'd find in the city.We were staying nearby from out of town and happened upon La Boulangerie. Neither of us knew the original La Boulangerie nor are we baked good snobs so we had no idea what to expect. That said, La Boulangerie is a nice stop in the morning to grab some treats and coffee before starting your day. Inside are tasty-looking baked goods that feel polished and satisfying. But don't expect to be blown away. Sit outside and enjoy some shade! It'll taste better.
* Cream Cheese Danish - the star of our visit with crispy and flaky crust.
* Banana Walnut Muffin - great nutty crunch on top and a pinch of sweetness, slightly dry (swoon) and a little dense.
* Salted Carmel Eclair - somehow unbalanced, hardly salty or carmel-y while the cream overpowered everything else. However, I have no clue what a good eclair is supposed to taste like.
* Strawberry Tart was very refreshingly creamy with a crisp slightly sweet crust.
* Black drip coffee was simply ok. I drink a lot of black single-origin coffee and didn't find theirs to taste like much of anything. Points for it not tasting burnt and over-extracted like many drip coffees.C'est bon!
I LOVE this place.  There are few other bakeries in town that offer a french pastry selection like La Boulangerie....and none that taste as good.  I usually get the cherry danish, which is always perfectly flaky and just sweet enough to compliment the tartness of the cherry...but never too sweet.  One time I got the flour-less chocolate cake and was blown away at how light it was.  I'm used to flour-less cakes being rather dense, but this was like eating chocolate air.  It was AMAZE-ing!We really enjoyed our breakfast here. Super cute and trendy Magazine street bakery. My family of four loved everything we had. The ham and cheese croissants are amazing. We also had the quiche Lorraine which we enjoyed. My five year old ate every bite of her cinnamon roll. Good coffee- free refills would be a plus.  the desserts we will have to go back for!It looks the same but under new management nothing tastes the same. The pastries are smaller and cost more. The baguette is nothing like the original. Maybe they have the recipes, but clearly the new staff doesn't have the technique. I've been a customer for more than a decade but no more. The place looks like it has been fancied up to appeal to tourists. The warmth and relaxed feel is gone. I won't be recommending it to friends anymore.Nice stop for latte and dessert. Lots of tables, a/c and busy but service is quick. I tried their cheese crackers, a bit of spice flavor, very addicting. The kids are swarming the ice cream caseI don't really understand the bad reviews! Came in to a very busy cafe at noon on a Sunday and was seated with my cappuccino and delicious breakfast pastry in under 10 minutes. Quick service, great selection and the staff is friendly. No point in ruining a businesses reputation just because you were attached to the old one.The best pastries in town! I'm not the biggest croissant fan in the world, but theirs are delicious. Wha I do love, they make the best-BREAD PUDDING. They give a lot for the price unlike some bakeries in town, and the consistency is perfect! It isn't too dry or too wet but perfectly balanced!
The staff is kind and knowledgeable! They are helpful and informative of their pasteurized and what's in it-- and they're great baristas too!
If you want a spot to sit and read, or have a small breakfast or snack it's perfect.
Even more perfect? They have a sandwiches menu!!!New Orleans, Louisiana ---
No"real" breakfast place found, so settled  for expensive coffee & croissant at a French pasty place ...
Cannot say the staff was bad, but sure did not give me "More Smiles Than I Came In With!" 
the coffee was rich & the flaky croissant was large, but a bit tough to bite into 
at least I have room for a Po-Boy lunch 
day 33 "DUSA 2017" (Discover USA) 
"Run-A-Way Bill" was here! 
03.27.17HOW THE MIGHTY HAVE FALLEN!
My visit to New Orleans one year ago included high praise for the only authentic French pastries I have found outside of the small village in France that I had visited. 
One year later I am visiting again and the wonderful French pastry with the raisins that was moist and delicious is not on their menu. The Paris Brest that I had was terrible and the chocolate chip cookie seem to be unbaked - showed no "melt" in the chocolate - it was heavy but neither soft nor crisp. 
Who is responsible for this outrageous turn of events?We live in uptown New Orleans and frequent many of the restaurants in our neighborhood.  Quite frankly this restaurant has the worst service of any establishment in the city.  The staff here is just plain rude. It's like the management requires mandatory training on how to treat customers poorly. I rarely write reviews, but I must warn potential customers.  Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else like St James Cheese Company nearby.What can I say. The food was OK the coffee tasted like dirt from a cow pasture and the prices where way more than I expected. I will not be going back. This place used to be soooooo much better than this.All delicious! Their croissants have the right amount of fillings, the bread is fresh. Small and intense desserts. Thank God they had an arugula salad on a street filled with deep fried food. Will definitely be back, no complaints at all! Even the prices are good for NOLA!Super friendly staff, tasty pastries, and a nice atmosphere. The coffee was really good and I love stopping in here in the morning and grabbing a nice croissant. It's my favorite bakery in town!I made a special trip across town to patronize La Boulangerie.  Don't make the same mistake!
I understand it is a Bakery/Patisserie and its first come first served until they run out, however it is also a business, and any business open for decades should have done better.  
The business is open till 6pm, yet I go there at 1pm and I cant get a Ham n Cheese Croissant. Sold Out!  Its lunch time!!  Ohh, and they had croissants sitting in the display case. Im also sure they had ham n cheese available, however if you order a Ham N Cheese, they are PREMADE at the beginning of the day, and I guess it is their policy to not accommodate a customer by making a simple sandwich.  
I wonder, how many days of the week they sell out and at what time, because you know what, with the right information perhaps they can decide to make x  more sandwich's on certain days, sell more, increase profits and PERHAPS even satisfy a customer. Novel ideas right.
I reluctantly purchased a chocolate croissant since I was there. I wasnt overly impressed with it either.
BTW, Croissant D'Or Patisserie in the French Quarter was sublime.The quality of this place has decreased tremendously since Mr. Link took control. It took 60 minutes for a cold turkey and ham sandwich to be made. There were only 3 other people in line. The staff looked like they had no clue what was going on. Food tastes OK. I had to ask for a free cookie and they obliged but attitudes were PP (piss poor).Nice food, poor service. They're so busy trying to shuffle people through the line they can't be bothered to listen to your order and don't seem to care when they've entered it incorrectly. You'd think an order of a breakfast sandwich and a loaf of 6 grain bread,  to go, would be pretty simple. Then the ultimate insult seemed to be my asking for a bag to take my to go order home. Nice food but there are plenty of other places to get baked goods and breakfast to put up with poor service and long lines.My wife and I were in town for the FQF and had some free time on Monday to venture the city. We just finished having poboys for lunch at JoeyK's on Magazine and wanted a sweet treat. Too bad Brocato's is closed on Monday. 
Since it was just a few doors down we decided to stop by Sucre. Plus we have been here before. Half the ice cream wasn't available and the service seemed snailed paced. So after some google searching we decided on La Boulangerie.
Though their baked goods looked exquisite we were there for dessert. We decided to really go at it. I had a scoop of coffee and mint choc chip ice cream and a mini hazelnut cheescake. My wife had the red velvet ice cream and a napoleon.
The coffee ice cream was pretty good. Had bits of choc cake mixed in. The mint cc was good with a fresh mint non artificial flavor but lacking some sweetness. The hazelenut cake was dry, crust hard to cut with fork and overly nutty with very little sweetness. 
My wife enjoyed her napoleon though it seem very soft and could use more cooler time to set and taste slightly eggy. The worst was the red velvet ice cream which she didn't eat after one bite. It taste like pure, slightly tart, cream cheese. 
The service was great, the place is clean but some desserts are ingrediently unbalanced. They should just stick to their namesake.As others have noted, La Boulangerie recently changed ownership, and the results have been very disappointing.
Until now, I went there for brunch every week, and my favorite food  was the quiche lorraine- they had a thin crisp crust, with a delicate moist egg/cheese and ham filling that fell somewhere between meringue and cheesecake in consistency.
After La Boulangerie reopened following the post-sale remodeling, I dropped by with cautious optimism for my usual quiche.  Unfortunately the recipe had changed for the worse-  the crust was much too thick and the actual filing was smaller.  The quiche filling was very dry and had an unimpressive lumpy scrambled egg texture.
The ham and cheese croissant was likewise afflicted- the old croissant recipe captured the ideal mix of flaky, crunchy, and chewy, with a soft cheesy filling and ham slices baked evenly through the pastry.  Now it's an excessively chewy croissant, with a single thin tube of ham and cheese running through the middle, leaving great expanses of boring plain chewy bread.  And to top it off, they raised the price!
It's not all bad- the staff are still quick and friendly, and the impressive tarts and cakes seem to be unchanged.  Still, I'm going to have to find a new brunch spot- La Boulangerie's pastries used to be the best in town, and now they're just barely okay.While waiting for the parade to start we kept smelling something WONDERFUL so we had to go in. The cheesecake tastes so fresh. I hate when I buy cheesecake and I can taste the refrigerator but, not in this place. A must try!This place has recently switched to new management and has fallen from good graces. The service was deplorable with much confusion amongst the MANY employees standing around. The latte I ordered came at least 10 minutes after ordering when no line of patrons was even there to steal attention. 
L'Atlantique sandwich I ordered was delicious but at a cost of $9.50, I was expecting a substantial portion. It was anything but....  It was smaller than a sandwich made from a standard lunch loaf and was gone in only a few bites. The same sandwich before management changed was enough to split between two people--the one I got today was barely enough to feed myself alone. 
Very disappointing...As I walked in I was bombarded by the awesome smells of the pastries and coffee.  I really wanted to try everything.  My wife had cheesecake and I had a almond peach turnover, we then split a breakfast sandwich.  Everything was sooooo good.  
This is near a friends apartment and when I go back to Nola I'm for sure stopping by.I used to love this place. The quality is getting worst every time I go in there. I will say they have great coffee, but the sandwiches and pastries are expensive for what you get. I always ordered the "Parisien" sandwich and they've since changed it.I eat here all the time. But today I had the best dessert I have ever had...a chocolate croissant bread pudding. It was just incredible. 
I normally get the smoked salmon sandwich, l'Atlantique. It's light and incredible.DONALD LINK YOU SHOULD READ: I come here all the time but I'm about to stop. It takes on average 20 minutes to get an order in. The line is simply too long and slow moving at all times, even slow times. I have seen many, many customers give up and leave. This is an unnecessary loss of clientele because there are 3 checkout stations, but usually only one being used. And the system in place doesn't work- one employee rings up and tells a separate employee the order, who in turn often tells a third employee the order, who in turn then has to recommunicate with the first person about what the order is.... it's absurd and the cause of the long line. There is an easy fix, but Link will probably have to step in to make it happen.I'm a native New Orleanian and a long time customer of La Boulangerie.  I used to love almost everything about this place.  They had arguably the best and most authentic French pastries and sandwiches in New Orleans. 
They now have new ownership (Herbsaint's owner?). Unfortunately, the new owners didn't have the good sense to leave something unique and almost perfect alone.  
Today I drove across town to get my favorite sandwich which I believe they use to call "le club",  only to discover that it has been permanently removed from the menu.
So I looked for my other favorite item -- the chocolate almond croissant. I remember how delicious the authentic ones were in Paris and how they used to be almost identical here.
Now, what's on display looks quite different, kind of like a normal croissant with chocolate drizzled on top as if it were made by Pepperidge Farm or Sara Lee, and not at all like the real thing.   But I wanted to be open minded and give it a try anyway.  That was a mistake. It was just a pale imitation of its former glorious self.  And that's being generous.
Another lovely and unique spot ruined. Oh well.First, I love Donald Link restaurants. He has some of the best in this city and he appears to care deeply about Nola. I thought the quality of La Boulangerie had been slipping the past year so I was thrilled when I heard Link was buying it. There was an opportunity to focus on better quality ingredients while keeping everything else that was working. 
Well that didn't happen. All of the recipes have been changed and the food is just awful. I didn't like the previous coffee but the new coffee is worse. Donald Link knows high quality food so not sure if he has even tried the new recipes.Was sent on a work errand to pick up two dozen pastries (no matter the cost!) So Uptown I went to the storied La Boulangerie to pick out the most decadent of carb filled treats. I've only had goodies from this bakery once before and was advised to go early in order to choose from the best selection. I arrived between 8:30-9am and there were plenty of choices. 
There's nothing more exciting than shopping without a budget! I brought back two different kinds of muffins, cranberry and chocolate churros, Danishes with candied orange, Everything bagels, lemon scones, apple turnovers, chocolate croissants and the list goes on!
I was rung up quickly once I let them know the size of my order. They started ringing after the first dozen was picked and I was working on the second. 
I returned to the office, the HERO, toting an enormous paper bag with three big boxes of sweets inside. I'm incredibly curious when it comes to the quality of such baked goods since I very rarely eat them, so I cut up tiny bites of just about everything I brought back so I could decide on my favorite. 
Overall, the Cheddar Chive Biscuit was the best thing of the day and I was sad when it was gone. Now I know what to go back for on visit number 2!This use to be my favorite breakfast spot! I'm very disappointed about the change in ownership. After vacationing in France for the summer I was so sad to say goodbye to delicious croissants, but then I found this gem and it was like being in a French pastry shop. I can no longer say that. I ordered the bacon quiche and it was dry and bland.My wife and we're visiting NO and luckily stumbled upon this place. One of the best, most authentic French bakeries this side of the pond. We were so happy when a thunderstorm opened up...it gave is an excuse to have another coffee and pastry.Best place in the city to get bread and pastries, hands down. Lines can be long in the morning on the weekends because everyone needs their croissant fix, but it moves reasonably quickly and the wait is worth it. My personal favorites are the butter croissant and organic sourdough. Jon raves about the baguettes and black currant scones.
Downside : this is a true French bakery and is closed during July.Nope. just, nope.
Since I lived near La Boulangerie, I frequented the place, especially for their almond croissants, which I *adored*. When I hear they were changing hands, I was quite upset until I heard it was the Donald Link Group (whom I also adore) and that they acquired the fabulous recipes.
My question is, so why don't they use them?
The new Almond Croissant looks picture perfect (which the old ones never did), but tastes ordinary (which the old ones never did!). The use a different almond paste, then cut the amount in the croissant to at most one-half. To hide the fact that the result is less flavorful, they drizzled it in cheap frosting. Too bad that "acquiring" the recipes doesn't mean they'll use them.
Lost a customer.The people working the counter are still very slow and borderline incompetent. There were at least 11 people working in the restaurant, but only 2 helping the customers. There were at least 3 employees standing around doing nothing while their thumb were stuck up their ass. And the line was out the door. 
The employees that I encountered all remind me of Donald Link himself..... Not Very Happy. If you know Donald, then you know how hard it is to get a smile from his very serious, stern face. His employees are the same way. They never smile and they don't care how many people are in line, they are going to take their sweet time and never ask the other employees for assistance. 
What this place needs is better management, if for anything, at least to train these kids on how to successfully move a line and to promote positive TEAM WORK. 
(To whomever is running this place--- Also, your computer system sucks. The counter-girl could never find any of the items on the screen and it was making a long process even longer! She was super frustrated. Go ask her about it.)
-I wrote this review this morning after having another bad experience while waiting in line at La Boulangerie. I reviewed it at two stars. However, after having a day to cool off, I will admit that the pastries are really good. I bumped it a star. 
I am still pissed at DL, because the Almost Croissant has never been the same as I remember. Its not terrible pastry,  It is just different from before. The regular croissants, the danishes, the pastries and two loaves of bread that I got were all fantastic. - Still is, nearly 11 hours later. But it doesn't excuse the horrible service in the restaurant this morning. 
Management needs a Plan of Action for when the line gets a certain length & Management also needs to make it EASIER for the customers to get their Sh!t and Leave. I was not the only unhappy person in line this morning. Everybody I was in line with seemed pissed at how slow and inefficient the staff was.Had the most common breakfast item here - The Bagel! 
Surprisingly even that tasted better than any bagel that I ever had. The latte was good too.
I'm into assumption now that nothing goes wrong here.
Will definitely pay a visit again when I visit NOLA next time.What happened to this place when link took it over?  This place used to be part of my morning ritual. The quiche lorraine was the BEST quiche in the world. Delicious, flaky crust, so tender.... and gooey, cheesy inside with tons of canadian bacon and eggs just set so it was soft but somehow still managed to be light and fluffy. Quiche is normally dry. This was not. Seriously, the best. The new quiche isnt terrible, but its not the same. Nowhere near as easy to eat, or as flavorful but its good. My two star review is more for the overall changes. This place used to be so much better.Nous avons tester les croissants au beurre et nous nous sommes retrouvé dans notre pays natal : la France. Très bon et identique à ceux que l'on aime. Hâte d'y retourner pour tester d'autres pâtisseries.We bought a traditional king cake today.  It's TERRIBLE.  Like everyone else, I don't understand why, if the new owners purchased the recipes, they aren't using them.  There is a super sweet, hard glaze on top.  The pastry is tough.  The almond paste is way too sweet, and to top it off, there's a stupid rubber pig instead of the signature porcelain "babies."  They've now lost my business.Good atmosphere for a casual coffee date or for getting work done! It's in a good location and the staff are very friendly. The coffee and pastries were just mediocre in my opinion. I loved the idea of finding a great French boulangerie in New Orleans, and wanted it to measure up to others that I have tried in my travels but unfortunately it didn't. I still give it credit for being a really cute coffee shop with decent pastries, but the almond croissant fell flat and was fairly overpriced and the coffee was just okay. I don't think this place is bad, I would definitely return and I still would recommend it as a good place to meet a coffee date or get some work done, but I just wouldn't call it amazing or go out of my way to choose this over a better spot.Lawd..... I would totally marry the baker! Where do I start? The lemon meringue tart... That meringue was Heaven! Didn't even finish the rest of the tart for over-indulging in the meringue. But to make matters insanely speechless, the bread pudding! This bread pudding will get somebody laid as well as married! I have never tasted any dessert this darn heavenly! I'm so serious when I said I was speechless! I know I'm not from NOLA... thus I don't eat bread pudding. But that was some darn good bread pudding. 
Did I mention the meringue off of the lemon meringue pie tart? Or did I mention the bread pudding? Best believe I will be returning to this establishment... Sitting outside its doors like a homeless puppy!Heavenly delicious. I heard this place through popular websites and decided to check it out. New place to crave for my sweetI hadn't been to the restaurant under the previous ownership but really enjoyed our recent experience. We had a ham and cheese croissant, quiche, and almond croissant and thought they were all very good. Haters gonna hate.We enjoyed lunch here on a Saturday afternoon. We had the tomato, pesto with Mozzarella sandwich. The portion size is big that two adults could have shared it. I also had the freshly squeezed orange juice. The place was not crowded but there was a steady stream of people coming and going. We took bus#11 from the French quarter to Boulangerie. They have lovely pastries, cakes and drinks. Worth the bus ride to it.Every visit to Nola I make includes a stop at this bakery. Chocolate almond croissants and the ham and cheese croissants. I'm from atlanta and sometimes debate making a trip solely for this bakery.Pretty good bakery, and one of the best in New Orleans.  Since the change in ownership, it has taken on a more corporate, mass produced feeling.  Pastery and breads have less if the crispy snap than previously.  Quiches, while good, are a little moist.  Service has become more perfunctory and ditsy.  The atmosphere is hurried.  I appreciate Boulangerie as an alternative to the standard breakfast and coffee shop.  It feels less like the French Patisserie than it used to be.  It is my understanding that this has become a kitchen for a small franchise, and am concerned it is losing its roots.  Staff needs to treat service more as an art by slowing diwn and taking time to listen.  I suspect mre staff woud reduce multitasking.Sad! Sad! Sad!  How can a highly thought of restaurateur like Donald Link acquire a great and beloved bakery like La Boulangerie and get it so wrong?!?!  Generally, portions are smaller and prices are up; you pay more for less.  The baguettes used to stick out the bread bag. Now you have to reach into the bag a ways to pull it out.
I too have been going to the bakery since it began in that smaller space one block down Magazine.  I've visited the place regularly ever since.  Before La Boulangeie my go-to bakery for French pastries and breads was La Madeleine.  My visits to the latter became infrequent once the former opened. Sadly, I will relegate the former to the same class as the latter - my visits will be infrequent.
Buy it back or open a new bakery, preferably in Midcity, Dominique Rizzo!!! (Unfortunately, he probably signed a non-compete agreement with the sale.)What a wonderful place for your senses! The girls and I were walking Magazine street just doing some sight seeing, as we got in well after midnight, even in the middle of the night we had decided we would be back to this spot for something in the morning! 
We did just that, we came the next day a little after noonish, but ready to break our fast! Once you are inside you are greeted with an amazing aroma of bread. Who doesn't like bread?! Or for those of you with such an ill fate as mine (I wasn't eating bread while I was in town!) you only get to enjoy the smell and look of the breads. Let me tell you, it was well worth it! The loafs, baguettes and croissants are all displayed right up in front for you to see. Very well done I might add. 
They offered bagels and lox, or cream cheese, sandwiches and even ice cream and pastries of course. I settled for a smoked salmon quiche served on a bed of iceberg and bibb lettuce with slivers of red onion, coated in a light lemony vinaigrette and thin toasted slices of bread that tasted of bacon. Upon first sight, the meal looked a little short of the almost $9 price tag. I also ordered an iced coffee making my quiche and coffee just under $13. I was not quite sold but the after having a few bites I found myself slowly being happily pleased with my order and eventually fully satisfied. Even without any real bread on my meal. The smoked salmon in the quiche was delicious with the tangy dressing on the salad. I liked it a lot. 
The dining room is very cute and spacious. There are larger tables for four our more and cute bistro seating for two scattered around, as well as high back booth seating along the walls. It got a bit loud while we were there and can only imagine what it would be like with a full dining room. Not much in the way of stalls for the bathroom but they do have benches in the hall if you are waiting because a line will form. 
I only gave four stars for the rude service I received. A line had formed at the door and so group of people had begun to form behind us when we came in. The cashier was simply rude about asking everyone to form a line along the display and I was the lucky next person who had to deal with the grunt of her tude. Not cool lady. 
Otherwise a super cute establishment. The decor is cute yet simplistic and the selection of food is just enough a good balance of savories and sweets.This is a good spot to grab coffee but if you are in need of a meal look elsewhere!  Spent $10 on the Le Fromager which should have been a $5 sandwich tops, did not come with anything it was truly two small slices of bread with a bit of cheese and pepper jelly, so disappointed.  Do yourself a favor and walk another block down the street to surrys.  For the same price you will get a lovely half sandwich, cup of soup and small salad.Everything is delicious! They have a freshly squeezed orange juice which is the best. The staff is friendly knowledgeable and accurate. My favorite breakfast place off of Magazine Street.I am happy to say the new owners seem to have received the message that the changes in their baked goods were terrible! My husband & I with wishful thinking decided to give the bakery another try after the major disappointment of the first month. I am pleased to say that once again the almond croissants are worth the calories! Not quite as good as previous owners but much improved from what they were originally selling! Also bought a scone & blueberry muffin both of which were pretty decent. I wanted to get the message out because if anyone went to the old Boulangerie on a Sunday morn at 8.30, it could easily be a 30 minute wait. Today, I walked right up to the counter so I assume they have to be hurting. Will definitely make it one my regular spots again!I have no idea why this place only has 3 starts. By far the best bakery in town. The pastries are authentic French preparation and I got a red velvet cake for my birthday that was the best cake I've ever had. 
Ignore the rating. It's fantastic.This place Is way better than rated... people are just haters. The pastries are perfect, the croissants are large and flaky. The breads are delicious and their sandwiches and deserts are fantastic. Always recommend this place.Big bakery and coffee shop that is NOT Starbucks. This bakery is nearby to the AirBNB I stayed at in Magazine Street in Uptown, a great part of the city to make your temporary home. 
Given the Starbucks incident I was concerned about being welcome and being able to hang out until I needed to leave for my flight (noon checkout).  No problem. 
Many patrons were in their desktop enjoying coffee and work. I found a sit on the back wall with the wall length banquette that was very comfy. 
I ordered their ham and cheese croissant since seemed pricey at $5 but less than the $10 turkey sandwich with avocado.  The croissant was buttery and warm  but sadly the cheese escaped through either end and the ham was only in one part. A little unbalanced but fine.Tried the chicken salad sandwich and it was delicious!  Came on a toasted croissant so it was a little messy and falling apart, but flavor was excellent.  Had a little spice to it - no fruits or almonds/nuts/pecans!  The area was charming and the place was such a cute lunch spot.  Warning: they offer water in a bottle however, they fail to mention it's $4!!!  Should've just drank the free water.I'm not a huge fan of plain croissants but here they were to die for! Also had an awesome ham and cheese stuffed croissant and cinnamon bun. All really yummy!Incredibly disappointed with the new menu. The old favorites (almond croissants, quiches) taste bland and uninspired under Donald Link's direction. The staff was horrific. I had the same server bring out the wrong sandwich to me 3 times! 
About that sandwich...I ordered the La Atlantalique. For $10, the portion was abysmal. At least serve a side salad or chips to make up for the meager portion!
This is so saddening. I've championed La Boulangerie as the best bakery in town. I can no longer make that claim. 
Go down the street to Rivista.I can't actually speak to the food here, but I desperately needed a cake for a friend's birthday today and don't have my own wheels.  The lovely manager, Carolyn, offered to deliver the cake to my friend when she got off of work. I don't think he's cut into it yet to review how it tastes, but that kind of service, above and beyond, was truly remarkable. So grateful to her for saving my butt today.A little bit out of the beaten path. Seems to be visited mainly by local residents. The menu and the environment feel like I'm in Paris. The baked items are the types that you'd find in France and they taste delicious. This is not someplace that I have to go if there is not a lot of time on hand.My husband and I have been coming here for years. Loved the original owners. It is different since new management but I still love this little, quaint bakery. Probably one of the best bakeries in New Orleans! We love coming here Saturday mornings, grabbing a cup of coffee (not the best coffee I've ever had but it goes well with the pastries...) and eating a chocolate almond croissant while people watching on Magazine St. I did get Le Parisian sandwich today instead of the croissant, which was very good! Simple and subtle flavors of ham and cheese, salted butter on fresh, crunchy baguette. Just quality products. Reminded me of the sandwiches I've had in Paris cafes. Can't beat the atmosphere! Don't forget to pick up your fresh bread for the week!So terribly disappointed! Have tried five times under Donald Link's ownership and every recipe has changed and not for the better. I actually spoke to him on my first trip after reopening and he said the staff was the same and they knew the original recipes.  Well, the almond croissants used to be incredible and now are just like every generic croissant. They're just like the mass produced ones you can get at Rouses. The quiche, muffins, and other assorted pastries were over baked, dry and mediocre at  best. Only positive thing is the new hours and now thats immaterial. Donald, I'm not sure what you're thinking, but making change for the sake of change is not always a good idea. You're throwing out the baby with the bath water.Great selection of baked goodies, sandwiches, and drinks. I spend a lot of time here doing work and the staff is great - thanks Kat!
I really like the chocolate, almond croissants and any of the sandwiches, just depends on my mood.
Only thing holding them back from 5 stars is slight inconsistency with espresso drinks and I feel it is slightly over priced for what you get.Excellent!    We had a chocolate almond croissant, a cinnamon pecan churro and a Napoleon (for "dessert" of course since every breakfast needs a dessert).  Outstanding.  Many other things to choose from, but this is worth the trip!  Service was great, cappuccinos were re-warmed, very accommodating.  Didn't try the baguette or breads, but they looked yummy!A favorite pastry pick up of mine for nearly a decade, I was both sad and excited to see it purchased by well the known Donald Link. I planned to visit as soon as they re-opened but somehow just never made it. Today, I made the trip.  When I went to check in, I noticed the rating nose dive and negative comments on quality. Now very sad and nervous I bought a croissant, a seasonal fruit pastry and a blue cheese boule. All looked amazing. I ate the croissant. Different, and delicious. Flaky, buttery and decadently large. We shared the blue cheese bread at dinner time. Wow. I could just take this, a glass of red wine and be a happy little party. So much blue cheese and the perfect crispy buttery crust with doughy center. 
I'm still very much in love with our new La Boulangerie and will continue trying their delicious creations. I will admit, the prices are higher, but isn't that true of everything.Ok, So I know that alot of people don't like this place anymore.  I live in the area and frequented the other place.  So far, at the new place I have purchased a couple loaves of bread, chocolate almond croissant, scones, kouigin amann, and one other pastry I can't remember.  Everything we have gotten, thus far, has been very delicious!  It's always tasted fresh and flavorful.  The prices went up from before, so that was disappointing, but it's an occasional treat for us.  I do recommend the new place, as far as the things we have gotten.One of the most amazing tasting bakeries I've ever been to and definitely the most delicious Napoleon. I can't believe the bad reviews here, but as an New Yorker, I only discovered this spot in May. Sorry to here your neighborhood bakery isn't what it used to be, but definitely a must have for me while in NOLA.Parking can be difficult, but it's worth the search and the walk to have their pastries. The croissants are crispy and flaky on the outside, but still soft and buttery on the inside; they certainly taste artisan, not like the subpar ones you find at any local grocery store. It also helps that our own Frenchman approves of their baked goods, claiming that they taste like the ones back home. The seasonal vol-au-vent, almond croissant, cheese roll, kouign amann were all tasty with a hint of sweet/savory, but still maintained the croissant-like base to be the star. The service is also very good; the gentleman at the counter was patient with us as we couldn't make up our minds on what to get; the lady making her rounds of the dining area serving out warmed pastries or clearing tables. The dining area is clean, spacious, and full of tables for 2 (there looked to be ONE table for a large group of 4-6), so I don't recommend this for large groups unless you're ok with pairing off.By far the best almond croissant in the city. And the cappuccino and hot chocolate are also delicious!Ever since this family-owned (a French family from France, even) patisserie got bought out by a corporation (a local corporation, sure) the quality of the pastry, the staff, and the space has seriously declined. 
SERVICE:
The biggest outrage was that we tried to buy a cup of milk for our 3 year old and it cost about $5. When my partner pointed this out a manager jumped between her and the counter girl. She explained that we were paying for a 16oz bottle of milk, even though we only wanted a small cup. So my partner said, well then please fill the cup up. There was no 16oz bottle of precious milk, just a half gallon that they used to fill up a 12oz cup. When challenged on this point they argued that they could not just charge us less money because of the POS (though of course they could have fudged it and charged us for an espresso or whatever). So obviously none of that made sense and the whole time they were talking down to us as though they were doctors and we had barged into their office asking for narcotics. ***PRO-TIP: if you want some milk for your kid just ask for a cup and fill it up from a creamer jug.***
AMBIANCE:
The new owners moved in these upholstered benches along one wall that look like they came out of a hotel lobby. The larger tables are all along this wall but half of them were taken up by single people working on computers so our little family squeezed around a small table in the lane of traffic. This place used to be populated by grandma's treating their kids to something sweet and older men sipping espresso and reading the paper. Now it's all social entrepreneurs "businessing" and picking at their food and post-workout yuppies. The Beach Boys were playing on the overhead speakers. 
PASTRY:
The almond croissants that are regularly praised here on yelp.com, frankly suck. The texture was not flaky but bready and soggy. It seemed old and my partner exchanged hers for a chocolate one which was better. The person at the counter said, "oh yeah, we've been having trouble with them." WELL, then fix it! All the Link Group employees certainly attended the Culinary Institute of America so figure it out! My biggest complaint here is that the tarts which used to be made with cream and fresh berries are now filled with cooked berry jam. I suspect this is so they will last longer in the case. The fresh tarts were refreshing in the New Orleans summer these mini-pies are too heavy for the heat. 
Link Group seems to think they are doing God's work by bringing "authentic" pastry to New Orleans but like the rest of The New New Orleans they've shot the golden goose by bringing they're "saviory" ideas to this once sweet café.One of the best bakeries in the USA. Everything is baked fresh that morning and when the black currant scones run out part of my soul dies. 
Even during Mardi Gras time when lines get long, the wait is worth it! Living in Philadelphia I miss this place every weekend.Beautiful place, love the vibe, love the palm trees they have on the side of the building, and I loved how I walked in at 9 am and the place was full of people, so vibrant and nice. I heard this place has some of the best chocolate croissants in the city so I had to try, and while I am not much of a croissant person, these were amazing the chocolate filling, the flakiness! It was amazing! I hear these things sell out by 11 am everyday so come quick! It was nice to see they had many other sandwiches and stuff haha. Really nice place and 3.75 for a huge croissant isn't bad considering it's a specialty! Hope to be back, but not so soon. Eating a croissant regularly will not do my health good xDA little pricey, decent coffee, yummy sandwich. From out of town and it seems like a good, cute brunch place.After walking down magazine st shopping for hours and day drinking :) we needed some coffee and a place to rest! We stopped into this cute bakery and were so glad we did . I lived in paris for 11 years and this place is legit ! I had the lemon tart which Was creamy and delicious! My daughter had a an almond croissant, she did say she wish there was more filling but it was delicious. Great place to sit and people watch.  love itI am sooooo so sad.  This place was so special to us, the place we always got special occasion pastries, and everyday treats too.  We would go here every spring on our wedding anniversary to get pastries to take to the park to celebrate before heading to Jazz Fest.  Friends from out of town also loved it and after going there together they would often say thank you with a generous gift card.  It was a favorite place to meet clients, friends, or just go on my own.  
No more.  I don't even know what to say.  I cannot understand why anyone would stop making the most impressive pastries in the city, even if they had to raise prices, but instead raise prices and make pastries that are just so very so-so.
I am in serious mourning.  I will miss so many things.  The plain and chocolate croissants, the cherry danishes, and so much more.  From what I'm reading here, even the bread and sandwiches are not the same.
I so wish the new owners would read this and decide to bring back the old recipes with the flour from France.  
I cannot see how the chocolate croissant is being made with "higher-quality ingredients."  It is terrible compared to the soft, flaky rectangular ones with the magically still melted strips of incredible chocolate inside.
I rarely write reviews.  I am just so sad.  Donald Link, I hope you read and make a change.Croissants are buttery, flaky, and delicious...and gigantic.  Coffee is good.  Challah bread was nothing to write home about.  Busy but lots of seating (in and out).  Nice place to go and grab a quick breakfast or treat.A favorite pastry pick up of mine for nearly a decade, I was both sad and excited to see it purchased by we'll know Donald Link. I planned to visit as soon as they re-opened but somehow just never made it. Today, I made the trip.  When I went to check in, I noticed the rating nose dive and negative comments on quality. Now very sad and nervous I bought a croissant, a seasonal fruit pastry and a blue cheese boule. All looked amazing. I ate the croissant. Different, and delicious. Flaky, buttery and decadently large. We shared the blue cheese bread at dinner time. Wow. I could just take this, a glass of red wine and be a happy little party. So much blue cheese and the perfect crispy buttery crust with doughy center. 
I'm still very much in love with our new La Boulangerie and will continue trying their delicious creations. I will admit, the prices are higher, but isn't that true of everything. 
*I originally said prices are higher...I was wrong, or they've gone down. The best prices for this quality anywhere in the city. Still the best Croissant, breads and they're always coming up with amazing new creations. LOVE!!!Sandwiches just average 
Ham very fatty, bread good, dessert good
When asking about the soup one should elaborate, not just say,  "squash "
needs to up the lunch productGood coffee, great service, good breakfast pastries. Nice interior, clean and bright.
I did, however, sit next to a guy who took a phone call while I was drinking my coffee, and eating my delicious fig pastry, who put his phone on speaker, and then shouted obscenities into the phone for a few minutes regarding some business transaction.
Yeah, that guy sat next to me. You know who I'm talking about - loud, profane, boorish, piggish, oblivious to other people's sensibilities, etc. You've met this guy somewhere before at some point in your life. Maybe two or three times.
His Jersey accent only added to the overall experience.
It's up to the management to get these people away from the normal people that make up the rest of their paying customers, but they didn't - the people at the counter just simply looked on with pained expressions.1 star because I can't give them zero.... Terrible service. thought it would be amazing after reading all the reviews did not live up to expectations. Their sandwiches were the worst things I've eaten... Subway serves better sandwiches for less. Places like this make me wish I never have came here.... wouldn't even recommend to a local or anyone for that matter unless they wanted to be grimacing after they are.Very disappointed. I usually don't write reviews but I have to for this occasion. It used to be five star but I gave one star just because the quality has been down graded so much after new ownership.
This place used to be my favorite french bakery in town. I came to La Boulangerie regularly on Saturdays.
I finally came to check out after new ownership today. The coffee, pastries,  sandwiches  everything doesn't even come close to what it was like before. I'm very sad I can't get the wonderful pastries anymore. I won't be coming back in the future.Still the best place for Croissant and limited French pastries. Should change name and stop to carry a french reputation "La Boulangerie" . Went there August 28 and 29.
Saturday, August 28 no baguettes ready at 8:00am!
Sunday, August 29 no baguettes available at 11:00am!
That is totally unacceptable .The workers are great and recognize the usuals very nicely. Really good for bringing breakfast+drinks to big groups. Croissant and morning buns are 10/10Ever since the original owner sold this, it is not what it used to be. Less choice. Poor quality. Higher price. Croissants used to taste like actual French croissants. Now they taste like they come from the grocery store. Oh well.I would have rather seen La Boulangerie close than turn into the travesty that it has become under the ownership of Donald Link.  While a well respected chef, he should take note that just because he does one thing well, doesn't mean he does everything well.  French pastries are an art and clearly Chef Link does not have the skills to maintain with what was a true New Orleans institution.  It's just gross.  It's all gross.   Maybe he can buy Cafe Du Monde next and destroy that too...This bakery caught our eye driving through and we were pleased that we stopped in. Friendly service. We tried four pastries. The key lime pie was perfect, a nice brown sugar graham crust with a silky just right tartness to the key lime filling. The chocolate tart was rich. My double espresso was served beautifully. The bread pudding with rum was moist and flavorful.It's a great neighborhood bakery. The problem is Yelp, which seems to be a place for people to go to complain where nobody else will listen. Interesting, Trip Advisor gives La Boulangerie 4.5 stars, people who can think critically and objectively.Love the new ownership contrary to what others are saying.
BETTER HOURS: Open all week and close at 6pm.
BETTER COFFEE: This of course is a preference, but I thought the old coffee was more earthy and bitter then the new Congregation coffee. I still prefer Illy over both.
BETTER PASTRIES: F-in bread pudding is unbelievable. Soaked in rum, it's moist, savory and sweet, perfect balance, I always have to get one. Banana bread is filled with chocolate, not sure if they did a banana bread before. Love it.
WIFI: Has Wifi
SERVICE: About the same, not sure what the complaint is here.I agree with an earlier review, food is good, but $15.00 for a small sandwich and a San pellegrino is a bit much, won't be a regular stop for me.Great selection of baguette sandwiches, coffee, croissants, pastry and desserts. Ordered sandwiches to go after having a croissant. Great spot!I feel like this is the kind of place that is fine if you happen to be nearby, but I wouldn't go out of my way. The pastries (the ones I have had) are tasty, especially the croissants and black and white cookies. The issue I have, however, is the service from the cashiers. This is the type of place where you can expect a bored cashier to wait on you and make you feel like you are incredibly fortunate that they have deigned to take time from their day to serve you. To say they are "unfriendly" would be an understatement. I live about a block away and have been several times, but every time it's the same and I leave annoyed. The quality of the pastries does not make it worth dealing with the bad attitudes so I have started just going further to be able to avoid La Boulangerie.C'est bien triste.
I only get to New Orleans once a year and hadn't heard about The Link Group buying La Boulangerie when I went to buy a baguette and an almond croissant because these items used to be close to bread and almond croissant I got in Paris. Alas, not so anymore. Although I later read The Link Group had bought the recipes along with the business, it does not seem like the recipes are being used so what made La Boulangerie so special - the Parisian-ness - is no longer there and the bread and croissant are not worth the drive through the pothole-filled New Orleans streets to get them.Lovely little sandwiches, soups, and pastries. The salami sandwich, & smoked salmon with avocado and arugula sandwich were excellent.La Boulangerie went from being the gold standard of French pastries in New Orleans to, in my opinion, sub par baked goods. The croissants were completely different in flavor, texture, and size, and not for the better. The cinnamon rolls were, to me, inedible. What was once an artistic expression in bread and pastry is now somewhere between Starbucks and Walmart quality. Link went out of his way to indicate that the transfer of ownership would include the transfer of recipes and techniques,  but that is simply not the case. Don't be fooled by the pictures posted on here-nothing I have had is the same, some of the best items on the menu have vanished, and most of all, the love is gone from the pastries and breads. La Boulangerie as we knew it is no more.My previous reviews no longer stand... Not only the ambience has been changed, the new owner has replaced almost the entire staff team as well. Food is average, not poor, to be fair. But as a loyal customer of this place in the past, it is still very difficult for me to accept that we have to lose this gem...A lot of the 1-star reviews seem to be from regulars that have lost a neighborhood go-to coffee shop, iit seems that it was a nice place and I unfortunately didn't have a chance to see it before it got purchased by the current owner.
My review is about my short experience during my short visit to New Orleans, when I stopped by this bakery for a quick bite while I was riding my bike around town. I had coffee and the Fromager sandwich (brie, pepper jelly, on walnut raisin bread). It was a bit pricey (at $10) but delicious, I'd go back only for that sandwich.What happened to the Raisin Roll? It was a staple at the old La Boulangerie and is even listed on the menu for the Link owned version but every time I make the trip specifically to get it they never have it. The last time I asked the cashier said, "A Raisin what? I don't know what that is." It's on the menu on the website!! I'm so sad that one of my absolute favorite places in the city has been transformed something so disappointing.The best New Orleans lox and cream cheese bagel, with capers and onions, resides here. They even serve it with a side salad and vinaigrette! Every single tart and pastry is delicious. The coffee is so so good, and I'm a huge fan of their fresh orange juice. Make it a point to eat here, and you will see why so many patrons are regulars!The coffee was delicious, the service excellent, and the aesthetic was chic. I was pleasantly surprised by how lovely this place was, considering the poor reviews. I happily indulged in my iced coffee and pastry to dodge the heat for an hour!That's right, Yelp! La Boulangerie is as good as it gets. The bakery is conveniently located near our home which is a plus. When I don't feel like baking my own or don't have time to, I get our weekly loaf of whole wheat bread from here. You have to go super early in the morning or else it will sell out and they only bake a handful per day. I usually go between 6:30 am and 7 am to purchase my loaf, leave it there to be sliced once cooled, and pick it up after work in the afternoon. While there I do treat myself to a double latte to-go and occasionally a pastry to boot. I haven't met a pastry I didn't like at La Boulangerie. In fact, our household birthday cakes, if not made by moi, has been from this bakery.  It is also a great spot for cakes if let's say you wanted just a single slice (or two) of cake. But OH! Beware of their 'king cake'. They call it traditional and by traditional they must mean during Napoleon's time during the French Revolution. But, seriously -  their version is a galette cake, which if that's what you are expecting is pretty good. It's not the kind you expect to see 8 lb 6 oz baby Jesus plastic baby to be stuffed in.  They also have an awesome breakfast sandwich, as well as salad options for lunch. The other reviews citing price as a dissatisfier, have you no perspective for quality?  And, yes if you aren't walking to the bakery parking can be a bit of an issue, especially on weekends. But, ehhh. 
Full disclosure: when Chris B. and I first moved here two years ago, I was not the happiest with their customer service. But, either I've drank the proverbial Kool-Aid or just got over it or realized that it's a small price to pay, or I barely talk to the wait staff anyway, or they hired friendlier people and I haven't noticed ... in short, service has improved. 
And, hey if you're an Uptownite (coinage, not my strong suit) or any New Orleanian - you shop here and you're shopping local. 
Shari V., out!Typically I come in for the coffee which, although a bit expensive, is quite good. Today I was in a rush and needed to eat something fast before rushing to work. I ordered the salami sandwich. I expected it to be awesome since the same owners own Couchon and make their own meats. Unfortunately I was totally let down. For $9.50 (way expensive for what I received) I was given a small baguette (bread was good) with about 9 slices of the worst meat I've had in a very long time. I'm from New York, have worked in an Italian deli as a counterman, and know great salami. This tasted as if it were going bad. Maybe it sat in the case for too long? It had no flavor other than slightly "off" and after eating, I felt a bit sick to my stomach. I'm happy I asked for a side of mustard because it made it go down easier. I don't think there was much more on the sandwich, perhaps some butter or cream cheese or something white that was schmeared on top but for $9.50 I was severely disappointed. I'll never ever eat the sandwiches here again. I'm very surprised that they are selling this to customers and hopefully someone will read this and make change happen. I'm sorry that I have to write this but I feel as if I was ripped off.This was my most favorite bakery. I remember going there when I first moved in a couple blocks away and felt like I was in pastry-heaven. Move over Croissant d'Or -- Boulangerie ha(d) everything. 
Went there today. New owners. They put in some white benches along the interior wall added more tables outside yet in the process, took away dozens of gorgeous pastries. There was a muffin or popover that was actually concave instead of convex. The true test will be the traditional french king cake. If that is a no-go, I may have to reduce this to one star.Amazing, authentic French pastries. They have some of the best croissants I've had in the US. They are also really affordable. You can get a latte for $2.75, and a baguette for $3.00. The cafe area is really cute as well.Disappointing. We have been coming to this place for five years. What happened??? Coffee is still good but the pastry and breads have become seriously disappointing. Don't think  it's any longer worth fighting the traffic or parking challenges.As the name says, Bakery and it is, the bread is delicious, fresh and a meal in itself. The range of sandwiches, breakfast choices coupled with outside tables shaded by palm trees makes this a go to place, not to forget the fresh squeezed orange juice and hot coffee.I live a short walking distance (2 blocks) away and always saw La Boulangerie as my biggest neighborhood perk. No more! The almond croissant was a shell of it's former self..meaning all you got was a pretty shell, no taste. I should've known. I gave it a chance, but even the weight of it was down, though the price, somehow, was up. There is no way it will last like this. The former customers all remember the way it was and this is a dismal failure. It's not a patisserie at all, just another faux-french knockoff. People stood in LONG lines for authenticity... NOT cheap frosting on bland pastries. On the upside, it seems like no one will have to worry about those long lines anymore!
UPDATE: I tried O'DELICE for the 1st time today on Magazine. It's much smaller, but I suspect they'll be getting all of La Boulangerie's former Uptown customers..This is our go-to place for breakfast when we're in New Orleans as well as fresh breads to take home to Mississippi!I come here regularly to grab some delicious bakery treats for breakfast. Had a salad here once and was not disappointed. Highly recommend this as a stop when you're in the area.not sure why there's only 2 Stars this is our second time to New Orleans together and we meeting you both times the croissants and breakfast are amazing.
the place is always packed from open to closeI wanted a grilled cheese and asked if they could add ham to it.  I was told that they ran out of ham.  I was not going to order, but then she said she could make a toasted Parisian.  That is HAM, CHEESE, and a hard, crunchy baguette.  Why could they not have just put that on the softer sourdough that the grilled cheese comes on?  The Parisian tasted fine except the bread was too hard.My partner and I are big on sandwiches. This place hit the spot. Food was delicious, cute outdoor seating. The chocolate chip cookie was to die for!terrible! ham sandwich ( la pairie) was awful!  daughter ordered salmon sandwich and it's not really salmon.  it was shredded salmon - so weird!  She asked for no mayo; but no substitutions of any kind allowed!!   If I'm paying $10 for a sandwich, we should get it like we want it.  Diet coke in a can was $4.  The sandwich tasted terrible -Very expensive place and no good. service was awful as well; so rude and then we waited another 15 minutes for the sandwiches to be brought to our table...really??
save you money; stay away!!!Cant understand the bad vibes here other than maybe the price. I stopped in and enjoyed a a great almond croissant that was so huge I had to split it with a friend. I also got a crusty, buttery, french baguette that went excellent with my dinner. This place is a little high but I like them better than Willa Jean or any of the other high end bakeries in the area because the quality meets the price.This is a wonderful french bakery on Magazine St. The place is charming and the staff is very friendly and attentive. The cheese straw is amazingly flaky and tasteful. The cheddar and chive biscuit and the chocolate croissant is equally delicious. Coffee is also pretty good. The sweet tarts are wonderful and not overly sweet.Such good food and pastries. The only reason I gave it four stars is that I found it a little pricey. But, you get a nice, clean dining room and great food.I went here because I noticed they had a large selection of pastries and a good place to write. It wasn't too loud and I was able to write a lot of the new novel I'm working on. Halfway through, though, my computer died. Unfortunately, there isn't many plugs in the restaurant but the manager Maggie was so kind. She literally looked everywhere for an extension cord so that way I could continue writing. I didn't even ask! She just noticed that I was looking for an outlet and tried to help out. It was so considerate that I'll definitely be returning. Little things like this really helps and makes all the difference.We were staying in the Garden District and found this place by chance. What a delight! My cappuccino was perfect, and I have included pictures of our breakfast sandwiches. You can tell that many locals come here. I wanted to try everything! We will be back.Delicious sandwiches, salads and pastries, as well as breads! Also a wide choice of coffees and teas. Free wifi, friendly staff, great neighborhood!
Some reviewers may say that the"new" owner Chef Donald Link, has "changed" too much, that it is not ot as good as before, more expensive. NOT TRUE! It is better-great staff, more offerings, very beautiful space, higher quality food and drink. Ignore the haters.I sampled a few things from this prominent Magazine Street bakery. The fresh sandwich I ordered in shop was somewhat disappointing; a "le vegetarienne" which was basically just tomato and mozzarella with pesto and overpriced for what it was. A sourdough loaf-the #1 item they should be judged on was fine, but unimpressive and a tad dry. A banana muffin and croissant were likewise palatable, though I asked for a chocolate croissant and it seemed I got a basic butter one instead.
The location is a large cafe and a nice place to gather, and there were certainly an appealing range of choices, but I feel like the bar for bakeries is pretty high around here, and I would sooner go to Breads on Oak for my bread or Sucre for my sweets, among many possibilities.It has 4 times the sitting place as compared with 2017... 
What a wonderful surprise!!!
It is just a fantastic place to get a great bread, coffee, sandwich, pastry, orange juice (Fresh!!!), etc. Everything you try is excellent here.
Plus the staff is always helpful and kind.
The only improvement I would give is they need to put changer station for babies.I have been here twice, 4-5 years ago and today. Both were excellent. I would go broke if without restraint.
Had some sandwiches and an eclair. Don't remember which, but it left an impression on me. I don't live in nola so it wasn't convenient or possible for me to come back since.
Today I have 1 scoop ginger carrot and 1 of pineapple satsuma in a waffle cone. Cone was a little cracked but the ice cream held it together. Very refreshing. Carrot was amazing. One of my favorite frozen sugar things. Nice carrot flavor reminds me of when you grind up carrots in Orange juice. Well done.
L'Atlantique. Super creamy great smoky flavor/choice of salmon. Bitter herbs cut thru mayo and avocado with the pungent red onion, sliced thin. Great execution. I think it works. Maybe the filling could have been better distributed.
Chocolate croissant fantastique!. Super flakey. Thank you. Much chocolate so pastry.
There is a pair of ppl speaking French. It must be fairly French in here.
I'm not fancy or stuck up nor a snob. I don't care how French this place is bc it tastes great and the ppl I interacted with were very enjoyable to do business with.As someone who stays in Paris part time- I'm a bakery and coffee snob.  And I love this place! The breads, sandwiches, pasteries, coffee.....I've never had dissapointment.New poor owner. Disappointed in quiche. Bland. Prices are crazy! Ruined. Not NOLa any more! Not going back. Will not honor gift cards! This place belongs somewhere else. Not NOLA!First Impression is accurat- this is a fun, well- run establishment that takes good care of its guests. Cappuccino is perfectly strong with the right amount of creamy fluff. Croque Monsiour is perfection with thin crispy house made toast and high quality ham and cheese. Arugala and apple side salad is an ekegant touch. If I lived in New Orleans I would haunt this place just to soak in the good vibes and deliciousness.The food was great, however the service was lacking. Only half of our order was delivered to the table, and it took fifteen minutes to get a server's attention to ask about the missing meal. After our inquiry, the server asked the line chef who we overheard exclaiming "are you sure?" The server then delivered the rest of the order with no word. No apology, no "thank you for your patience," nothing. We ate our food and left.As an Uptowner, and a lover of French breads and pastries, I have always loved this bakery. The baguette is as close as you can find to a true Parisian baguette in this city, the almond croissants, and chocolate almond croissants were a fan favorite, and the display case was always full of beautiful glistening fruit tarts. Sadly, I cannot report the same thing after my visit today in the newly "remodeled" space under the new ownership. I had a ham and cheese croissant, which was delicious, but a little too greasy, even for this dish. I also grabbed a cookie to take back to my office, which was about two minutes under-baked. I also noted many items missing from the display case.  My beloved almond croissant was nowhere to be found, the very few tarts that were on display were missing their glaze, and thus looked flat and unappealing in the display case.  The lemon meringue tart did still look lovely, and there appeared to be plenty of baguettes to go around, but these misses do not bode well for the re-opening of a neighborhood treasure with a devoted clientele that is expecting what they have grown accustomed to, and nothing less. I do sincerely hope that these are just the growing pains of re-opening under a new owner, and that this establishment will carry on better than ever in the near future.  I will give them a few weeks to work out their kinks and give it another try.Really cute cafe with yummy treats. We split a smoked salmon bagel with cream cheese for breakfast, came with a blueberry & greens salad-- it was FANTASTIC, worth the $12. Loved the atmosphere, lots of seating and natural light. Fresh flowers at the condiment bar sums up how cozy and charming this cafe is. If we lived here were would probably come here all the time.We had breakfast there this morning and sadly old favorites are no longer. The Almond croissant is completely different, they replaced all but about 5 almonds with icing. Quiche has also changed drastically...and not for the better. The quiche florentine has zero flavor and is basically spinach and egg in a crust. This use to be a weekend favorite...it will be a while before we try again.I have been going here for years, and before the change in ownership.  I can't complain about the pastries, but the service is pretty bad.  There were 10 people in line at 7:30 this morning.  There were 12 but 2 left because it took too long to get waited on.  There was one person on the register, 2 talking to a customer who was pIcking up a lot of bread and 1 replacing every basket of pastries in the case even though they were only missing 2 or 3 pastries.  I was 3rd in line and waited 10 minutes to order.  Customers should not have to wait that long especially when there appeared to be a lot of workers who could have been put on the 2 open registers.So I've read a lot of the new reviews of La Boulangerie and think that while they have merrit, they're overly harsh.  I too am sad the my sweet little bakery is not the same as I remember it, but is it just because we don't like change?  I dont know the whole story, but from the articles I read, the original owner wanted to sell.  So that's that, now there's a new owner and he's doing things differently.  Big deal.
Today I stopped in and had the Parisien sandwich.  It was a little pricey at $10 but delicious!  I see some of the changes that others mention and am sad to no longer see the cherry danish.....but as long as they're still making fruit tarts I'm happy.  I dont care for the decor changes.  I did witness some confusion / stress with the staff and delivering food orders to tables.  I dont know if they have a new system, but I saw my sandwich sit on the counter for almost 10 minutes before it was delivered to me.
Overall I think Donald Link really needs to evaluate these changes he's making.  It seems like there was an understanding that he would preserve La Boulangerie, but based on the reviews, its clear that customers arent happy.Super Very Slow, Slow Service. There are 3 checkout registers, but I have only ever seen one being used.  
I just walked out of La Boulangerie because the counter-girl was an idiot and wasn't moving the line along. She worked on one customer for over 10 minutes while the people in line couldn't believe her stupidity behind wasting our time. None of the other employees seemed to know what the hell they were doing. Just standing around with their thumbs up their asses. 
Hey dude standing there doing nothing... why not open another register so I can get a coffee and a pastry and get the f*ck along with the rest of my day?
The staff is not rude, but overall, not very friendly and they don't seem to give a sh!t that people are standing in lines for long periods of time. 
The pastries are a bit overpriced for SUBPAR. And they just are not the same as they used to be.Welcome to the twilight zone.  They have a chicken salad sandwich on a croissant and they have several sandwiches that are on baguettes.  So I tried to order a chicken salad on a baguette and was told there were "no bread substitutions".  I was wondering whether I had suddenly become Jack Nicholson in "Five Easy Pieces".  No bread substitution????   Are you kidding????   I almost ordered a chicken salad plate and a plain baguette and made the sandwich myself.   
So the next day (Saturday) I go by to pick up a baguette at prime time (10:30am) when the breakfast crowd is converging so I can make a chicken salad on baguette at home.  They have one person on the counter trying to serve a line that was at least 20 people long.   Who is going to wait in line for 20 minutes for a baguette?  (Or for anything for that matter!)
There is clearly a big management problem at this place. Food looks great (if you have patience) but if they make you wait 20 minutes to order because they're understaffed .... and they can't figure out how to put a popular food choice on their most popular bread option - it's time for a change.... this place sucks!!!Best bakery in New Orleans! Perfect place for anyone reminiscing the smell of baguettes from the streets of Paris. Have literally tried everything and love them all.In front of me in line, at the register, an old man with a halo of white hair pointed to the baguettes and offered a lone entreaty to the woman behind the counter. 
"Can you get me the one that is the least cooked. Please. The one that is cooked the least."
It spoke volumes of the cashier's character and training that she did not break the old fool's teeth where he stood. Instead, she reached under the counter and produced a bowl of pudding. She upturned the pudding into the man's pale hands. 
"Thank you, goddess," the man said, bowing his head, his lip quivering as he spoke. "Thank you." 
The woman seemed unimpressed. She cut me a rather inarticulate slice of coconut cake, and never met my eye.Love this great find on Magazine street. Walked here from my airbnb every day during my stay to have their sausage biscuit. I usually despise eggs but will eat this perfectly poached and seasoned egg. Small for nearly $7 but it's worth it. The presentation of the baked goods, ready made sandwiches, breads and bistro seating outside reminds me of being back in Paris.This place drives me crazy! I love it, but the frustration I experience almost every time I go there keeps me away.  It's like this:
"I'd like the chicken salad sandwich"
"We are out of chicken salad "
"It's only 11:30 am! Oh well, I'll have the salmon sandwich"
"We are out of salmon"
If these items (as well as others often sold out) are so popular, why wouldn't you make enough to last the day?   I always end up leaving without anything or without what I went for, and given the difficulty in finding a parking place, I have generally have wasted a good bit of my lunchtime as well.Great for breakfast and lunch. Can also be a quick meeting or study space. Large windows, a lot of sunlight. Food is delicious and photogenic. I had latte and L'Atlantique sandwich.Le No......
While the cases looked beautifully filled with breads and pastries, I would not recommend the sandwiches. The sour dough grilled cheese left me longing for more with it's semi tasteless cheese middle. The chocolate eclair was ok, but definitely not worth the trip in.... save your money up and buy a ticket to Paris if you want real French goodies, with what I spent on two grilled cheese, a chocolate eclair, a iced latte, and a peach ice tea, I could  almost have a a good chunk of the plane ticket paid off. Tant Pis ( Oh Well) , off to get something that will keep the hangry demons away!If you ever held a special corner in your heart for the superb French quality of the baked goods, sandwiches, coffee, and other food at the original La Boulangerie, hold that memory tight and do not go back there lest that memory be tarnished and that little special corner be filled with cold stark sadness upon discovering what it is like now. I finally returned since it reopened under new ownership (the Link Restaurant Group), and just upon walking in, my heart sank. The former rustic French country charm mixed with Simon signs was sanitized and replaced by modern white starkness, the walls filled with over-sized stock-looking New Orleans scene canvas photos. They kept the French bistro rattan chairs around seemingly as some sort of half-hearted homage to what this place once was, as they don't really fit in with the rest of the renovated style inside. It was only upon leaving that I also realized they had replaced their exterior signage in the same stark cliche modern style that they gave the interior.
The Parisian sandwich, which I grudgingly purchased for $10, tastes decent, though the price is out of scale for what it is. The bit of ham on it, which I think is from Cochon Butcher, was fatty and stringy. The almond croissants did not even look tempting anymore, and there was no sign of fruit danishes -- a downright travesty. The quiche, which used to be mini-pie single servings with the ideal ratio of crust to perfectly textured filling was replaced with some dried-out looking casserole thing. In fact I never even liked quiche until I had it here. Granted I cannot attest to the taste of the new stuff, but with its current unappetizing appearance, I will probably never go back to my special occasion breakfast of quiche and danish here. If they really did buy all the recipes from the original place, then whoever is baking does not know what they are doing. This stuff is approaching typical American chain coffee-shop quality baked goods and not true French bakery products. I don't think my heart can withstand attempting to taste their king cake now.
The service is equally unappealing. I was approached about three times while waiting to order and after ordering by an ingratiating young fellow asking if I needed anything. (Yes, I need you to stop asking). I finally gave in and decided to make him feel useful by asking a question about them no longer carrying the New Mexico pinon coffee. Clearly not knowing what I was referring to, he said in the most uninformative way "We now have this new coffee. It is good and local." (So was French Truck, which they used to carry in addition to the NM coffee, which was also good and unique, but I saw no point in covering that base with him.) During the course of this short conversation he said three times that I should try their new coffee. At least two of those were after I already told him I was waiting on a cappuccino, which did actually turn out to be pretty good. I since learned elsewhere, by the way, that the new coffee they sell exclusively is associated with the Link brand. No more NM coffee for me. Everyone there was excruciatingly smarmy except for the one young lady who was just plain smug and unpleasant.
Instead of reopening as a sad imitation of the beloved classic La Boulangerie, they should have just called this new place Willa Jean Jr. I know that Willa Jean is a John Besh place, but the common trend is really apparent. Sorry Donald, you have done well elsewhere in the city, but what you have done with this place is really not a positive thing.TURRIBLE. Used to be one of the best bakeries in town, however now under new management may be one of the worst. The quiche we just ordered was raw egg in the center, the portions on the pastries are easily less than half what they used to be, and the staff is overwhelmed and confused at best. If the new management doesn't find the old recipes FAST, this place is doomed.This place is great. Just like being in Paris again. Every time we are in New Orleans, we go out of our way to come here. We always compare this bakery to other French bakery around the country and hands down this is the best we have found. The only other French bakery we found in-par was in Canmore, AB Canada.This bakery was just purchased by new owners, but rest assured it is still an amazingly delicious bakery. The turkey sandwich and oatmeal raisin cookie were great. My only complaint is they must have been cooking bacon in the back or something because it smelled like it, which at the time was nice, but I walked out with my clothes smelling like pork. Yuck...I have friends in town from Texas so I took them to La Boulangerie for lunch. The food was excellent due to being so fresh, light & airy. The young lady working the counter could use some customer service training but we'll mark it up to bring young. The salted caramel doberge was to die for!Very cute and clean place and great customer service! Delicious smell and flavor. :)This place serves the most awful coffee i have tasted in a while.  It actually has a very chemical taste to it which I find worrisome.  I am not sure if it's an issue with the cleaning solutions they use which makes their expensive coffee undrinkable.  If anyone from this bakery is actually bothering to read this review I sure hope you at least try to rinse out the espresso machine with water before serving coffee.So sad that this place went downhill so fast. As a weekly regular I'm disappointed to see the croissants are much smaller yet more expensive (as is everything on the menu). The bran muffins and jelly filled croissant don't even exist anymore. Even the coffee has gone downhill. When visiting Paris this summer my husband and I talked about how lucky we were to have a local bakery that could make croissants as good as the ones we had in France. Unfortunately this is no longer true. This place was a special neighborhood gem - so sad to see this happen.Great place. Best bakery in town. Not sure why people are hating. Get the salmon sandwichToday was my first day but the staff was having a really bad day. The counter service was a mess. Very unorganized and rude I think caused by exacerbation. Not good! Great food tho.The breakfast sandwich made me cum in my pants... for real y'all, I had to go home and changeI've been waiting to post a review in hopes that the Link Group would listen to all the recent reviews and make some changes. I hope I'm not speaking too soon, but it appears they listened, at least in regards to the croissants. I think they're using the old recipe again. Huge, huge move in the right direction! 
Thanks for listening and trying to make improvements.Great food, fantastic ambience. The turkey sandwich I got was refreshing, tasty and right on the spot.Excellent for coffee, cafe space, and sandwiches. The atlantique sandwich with avocado, hot smoked salmon, and lemon mayo was delicious. The space itself is also quite nice, and I enjoyed sitting and reading. 
However, the pastries are nothing exciting. I had an apple danish that was pretty sad - not well laminated and a lumpy filling. Based off how the danish tasted, and how the pastries in general looked a bit clumsy, I likely won't try other pastries here.We visited as we always do when in NOLA. This however, was our first time in since Link Restaurant Group took over from original/founder. It was nice to see a few faces we remember. 
I'm sad to say the original quaint charm is gone. The signage and art are too polished and institutional. The lovely French names are gone as are many of the pastries. They've been replaced with some good savory offerings. Of course those go great with the handy Cochon hot sauce, which not surprisingly you can buy there. 
The pastry in particular, looks and feels mass produced. It no longer has an artisans touch.
In short, it feels like a homogenized, chain bakery.  
Nola has lost a gem.Seriously-- amazing salted caramel eclair, pralines, tarts,  LOVE the fresh from oven warm apple and walnut pop overs...can't say emoWe stopped here for deserts after having lunch at a near by Thai restaurant. The pastries looked amazing however we all opted for gelato and sorbet. The atmosphere is nice but nothing over the top. It's has a old school vibe which I can appreciate. The sorbet I had personally was good and a flavor I had never seen before, cantaloupe! Definitely not a bad choice if near by however I find there are better bakeries in Nola, but again we did not have any pastries so if that's more your thing I would try it and form your own opinion.Oh my. My favorite weekend stop on my morning walk has failed me. This morning I ordered quiche lorraine and went to warm it up and was told they no longer had a microwave. The quiche there is always the best in town...light, fluffy, a little ham and delicate crust. This morning it was like cardboard, with flat thick egg filling and large chunks of bacon and some other unidentifiable meat. When I complained how different it was, I was told new ownership took over three days before. Blahhhh...find out the recipe from the old owner or 86 the quiche. It is horrible.Still tasty, after all of these years. Yes, there have been changes, and some people don't like change. I grew up in New Orleans, have eaten at La Boulangerie periodically over about 20 years, and have traveled several times throughout France... this place still makes my taste buds happy. Perhaps my taste buds are not as refined as other Yelpers, but who cares? If you want a great almond croissant with your cafe au lait, you know where to go.The best cappuccino !! Croissants too .  All freshly baked . Went to a few other places but this is the best by far .Love to stop in for a treat when I have the time. The cinnamon roll has he most delicious frosting. Wish they had apple fritter.What a shame that this once fabulous bakery has been ruined. The new owners took a great thing and made it mediocre. In particular, I am so disappointed with the quiche now. It used to be the most delicious I'd found in New Orleans, but now it tastes like something you could find in a supermarket freezer. The almond croissants are also nothing compared to the originals. Looks like I will no longer be going out of my way to get to this place anymore.Love this place! We come here religiously, every Saturday morning! The food is crazy good and fresh! Customer service is great even though the place is pack all the time. Jess was so nice and courteous, she make sure are food came out hot and fast... thanks Jess..They got it together. Pretty damn good now. Not like the original but almost. Recommend 100 percentStopped here for lunch in our way back home to kenner. Omg it was yummy.   I had the Le Parisien which is Butcher ham,salted butter,Comte cheese & cornichons on a baguette. It was soooooo good. My friend had the Le Dindon which is turkey,avocado,basil mayo, arugula tomato on six grain bread. I also got a blueberry muffin and she had the chocolate croissant.   They have fresh baked bread a nice coffee menu also. I would stop here for lunch again with no hesitation. I liked the sandwich better than the muffin though.Get real. First - their coffee is out of control awful. It tastes like rubbing alcohol. My cappuccino was drier than the Sahara Desert. Ugh. It's the reason why I'm writing this review. I can tolerate some awful coffee, but this is so BAD. It has the not so pleasant taste notes of sharpie, old tire and used crayons. 
Their pastries are OK - I wouldn't go out of my way for them.This place is so cute! The staff is friendly, the decor is classy, and the food is out of this world. This may be my new favorite breakfast spot in the city! Huge selection of pastries, bread, desserts, and even ice cream. The only thing lacking is parking, but that almost goes without saying since it's on Magazine.After staying a week in New Orleans, just across the street from this darling little bakery, we finally stopped in for a full meal on our last day.  I had a double espresso, a ham and cheese croissant, and an apple turnover.  Everything I had was divine and it was easily one of the best meals I had in New Orleans.As a French person living in New Orleans, I used to go to La Boulangerie every time I craved the pastries I had grown up eating and enjoying and it was always fantastic. Same smell, and same taste; I was never disappointed.
But then Link bought it. Not only did he and his team change the menu but the recipes they kept now taste like something you could find in a grocery store. What a disappointment. I cannot even find my favorite 'pains au chocolat' anymore. The croissants taste bland, and the employees seem to show little concern for people with allergies, given that almonds from their almond croissants can be found in pretty much any other baskets containing pastries. In short, not sure I'll ever go back and I certainly do not recommend it!My favorite breakfast place in the garden district!  Amazing selection of sweet and savory options - there's something for everyone.  The strawberry ice cream and the banana bread are top notch.  Very good lunch selections too with the broccoli cheddar soup and typical French sandwiches.I love this bakery!!!!  I stumbled up on it years ago and continue to go there every New Orleans trip.  They have amazing baked goods, quiches, breads, sandwiches, coffees, teas, and whatever else your heart may desire.
I love their danish and cinnamon rolls and I am always happy to grab a sandwich for the trip home!This is honestly the best restaurant in New Orleans. The food is absolutely to die for. I go here legitimately once a week. The service is great! I have been trying to eat the whole menu and so far here are a few of my favorites: le parisean, the orange juice, chocolate croissant, salmon quiche, salami sandwich, yogurt parfait, and of course the avocado toast!Holy crap never in a million years did I think that the restaurant group helmed by Donald Link, my favorite New Orleans chef, could essentially destroy arguably the best French bakery I've ever encountered in the U.S., but they apparently have. This place was a little slice of Paris in New Orleans and now it's just...a sad shadow of its former self. They took something exceptional and transformed it into something merely above average.
I've noted that a lot of complaints here are about the changes to the croissants, and while those changes are indeed pretty much worse than a Donald Trump presidency would likely be, even worse are the changes they made to the quiche, which under the previous ownership was among the best I've ever had, a moist, fluffy omelette pie, the closest thing to sex I've ever had served to me on a plate. The quiche they're now serving is virtually indistinguishable from something that comes out of a box in the frozen food section of a supermarket. It's a goddamn travesty.The Link Group has ruined the best bakery in town. Everything looks stale, is more expensive. No Quiche Florentine, but the Quiche Lorraine looked a week old, as did the chocolate eclairs. Took one look and walked out! Bon Voyage!I hope they realize that once this place had 5 stars from everyone, it is now a 1 star establishment. They've ruined all my favorites blue cheese bread, Le Parisian? And croissants. They were out of everything and had attitude to boot. Link group doesn't give you entitlement to be pompous. Time to work on your bread program bc it's looking pretty amateur. Sad when the French were friendlier than Americans.I visited with a friend on a busy Saturday afternoon. Let me begin my saying I love the atmosphere of La Boulangerie. Little round tables are spread around a large open space and the weekend bustle added to the charm. 
We ordered at the counter. The cashier was a little apathetic and not engaging - but I sympathize with this, being in the food service industry myself - it was a busy Saturday and they probably just wanted to go home. I was disappointed in the pastries. We tried three things - a plain croissant, the mushroom and brie baguette and the broccoli stromboli. The croissant was overbaked and all the butter had melted away, leaving a crunchy shell of pastry with a giant air pocket in the center. The stuffed baguette was okay but not very flavorful. The broccoli pastry was also over baked and the overwhelming flavor was of salt. The coffee was delicious. It's entirely possible that it was just an off-day at La Boulangerie and I will definitely give the bakery another shot.SO good!  Make sure to wears pants with an elastic waistband.It is truly a treat to visit. I've been a fan for two years now, but only recently I went in person. The selection of food is more than I expected. They have pastries of all kinds, ice cream, coffee, espresso, sandwiches, and so on. The croissants are out of this world and every recommended by every French person I have met. The pastries are simply scrumdiddlyumptious. The coffee selection is divine. The chocolate croissant bread pudding and almond croissant are out of this world. I picked up a sandwich for a friend too and the selections I saw coming out to customers looked quite tasty!Well yummy, yum yum! The buttered baguette brought me back to a place I want to be! I am looking forward to my return!I love your food and coffee but the girl working the counter this morning was rude and distinctly unpleasant.My husband and I visited friends in NOLA for Mardi Gras. We went here early on Sunday morning to get a king cake. They were still in the oven so we had a coffee while we waited. The person at the counter who knew we were waiting came to our table to tell us they were out of the oven. We went to the counter to pay and our warm king cake was in a box ready for us to take home. Once back at the house we displayed it on a cake stand and ate for breakfast. Wonderful service and the cake was delicious!  Great memory of our NOLA Mardi Gras experience.The food continues to improve. I was in this morning and found a new selection of savory pastries that created a dilemma: which try. I chose the baguette with Brie and mushrooms and it was delicious.  
But my larger dilemma is the consistently poor service. I knew that my order would taste better warmed and requested that. I sat by the food prep counter and watched and waited. After awhile when I wasn't informed that my order was ready I inquired. The prep folks had my ticket but it didn't specify that it was to be warmed. 
Here's what really annoys me. You are expected to tip when you place your order. The counter person is tipped irrespective of the quality of service provided. 
My second complaint and maybe this has changed in the last couple of months, I hope so. But if you order a sandwich you can only get it on the bread that is specified on the menu. It boggles my mind that a bakery with so many bread choices would force you to have your sandwich on sat a croissant rather than a biscuit. Too many times I have not ordered the sandwich I wanted because I didn't want their choice of bread. 
Hope management reads so that service = the quality of the food and I don't have to think twice about going in.So, I finally went this morning for the first time since they've changed ownership. I've been kind of afraid after hearing everyone talk about it on here and in person, but I have to admit that it is noy nearly as bad as everyone seems to make it out to be. It is not the La Boulangerie of old, but it isn't bad either. I actually kind of like the inside. It's bright, clean, and seems larger than it used to be. Everything seems to be placed better than it was before and I don't think the changes take away from the charm it had before. The service was particularly friendly but then it never really was. The latte and banana walnut muffin I had were both delicious and the prices seemed about the same.
My only complaint, and I've heard other people say this too, is that the ventilation system seems not up to par since the renovation. I was in there or maybe 5 minutes and came out stinking of the place. 
Who knows, maybe they are listening to the reviews, but I do not think the situation is as dire as people are making it out to be. I will be back :)Their lemon meringue tartes are every bit as good as the ones I became  so addicted to in France. Not too sweet, not too sour, with a perfect creamy meringue. Haven't tried anything else yet, but I will probably go back just for these, and possibly some rolls.
The prices are the only downside. It was marked at $4, but when paying by card, they automatically tack on a $1 tip, and you look like a real a**hole if you choose to cancel it. Feels manipulative. That plus tax took it up to $5.40, so I will certainly be using cash next time.I love this place even after it changed ownership and is now in the Link Restaurant Group.  We live close by so we are very prone to stopping in for breakfast or grabbing a pastry.  LB is always a hit when friends or family are in town.  My personal favorite the the cinnamon roll.  
Aside from having great pastries and always being kind to our dog, they make fantastic cakes.  I got Shari V a red velvet from here.  It's huge, dense and delicious.  
I am a repeat offender of La Boulangerie and will continue to be.  I think the only thing I have not eaten at La Boulangerie is there ice cream.Quiche Lorraine is 4x the price. They took the quiche which used to be $5 and cut in 1/4 and charge $5 still.This place definitely had a hipster atmosphere. Everything was all white, very pretty- I feel like it would be a nice place to have some coffee with friends or even have a study sesh. I like the crossaint here which tasted fresh and quite fluffy. I also had the avocado toast which wasn't my most favorite. The nuts on top definitely threw it off and they barely put any avocado on it and the egg on top was really cold considering how pricey it was.Great little shop tucked right in a corner of Magazine street. The offerings are plentiful and my wife and I shared a morning bun, lemon scone, chocolate croissant and apple pecan turnover. 
That was probably too much for two people, but when in NOLA, right? 
The food was stupendous but I was particularly fond of the lemon scone :) 
Would love to come backFriendly staff and incredible food! The sandwiches are crafted with care, and you'll never be disappointed with their pastries. Not to mention the homemade ice creams with unique flavors you likely won't find elsewhere. Coffee, tea, fresh-squeezed juice? Or maybe you're wanting something a little stronger? They've got you covered on all your beverage bases. I promise you won't be disappointed with this little bakery.The 30+ dollar king cake is comparable to that of a Walmart king cake. The dough was basically sweet French bread stuffed with fermented blueberries. Highly unrecommended.