Steak is obviously amazing. I am giving the rating based on service. We went for Valentine's Day dinner and he was less then courteous. He made a  face when we ordered a bottle of wine that wasn't $100. When we ordered the entree he rushed us and was incredibly judgemental. Never filled our water again after we paid the bill which he brought to the table before I waseven done eating; despite having gslf a bottle of wine left. Again food was good but there are plenty of places with good food in New Orleans with excellent service. Probably wouldn't go back.Excellent food. Every item tasted great and service was good, not great, but good. Servers seem to not very happy and smily, but were attentive and helpful.
Provoleta as an appetizer was very rich and just like the one I am used to do at home. Blood sausage is not so good in my opinion, and it was served colder than I would like to.
Ordered the skirt and it was simply amazing, just like they serve it in Argentina. Dulce de Leche panqueques are a delicious way to finish your meal.The restaurant was cramped but friendly. A bit louder than we normally like but I guess that's to be expected in an old New Orleans building. The first table we were seated at was in an area so loud that we couldn't even hear each other talk right across from one another. Thankfully, we were moved to another table that was much more suitable.
The bread tasted a bit stale but the wine was good. When dinner came, we were underwhelmed. Nothing was terrible but the quality definitely didn't reflect the menu price. The best part of the restaurant was the service. Overall, we felt that the experience tonight was average at best.Best steakhouse Ive visited in La. it's very classy but relaxed. Personal service. Great drink menu. Extensive wine list. Meat is perfection. Come hungry.I absolutely adore La Boca! The food is very delicious.
This was my first trip to their new location, but I like the new digs...it is a little more upscale than their previous location, but didn't distract from the food or feel of the place (La Boca has always felt somewhat casual and the ambience matched the food).
We bought a couple of bottles of wine from the home cellar to enjoy with dinner, and the wine service was very good.  The service staff handled our bottles with care, the glassware was of good quality, and they decanted where appropriate.  I didn't check the final bill for the corkage fee, so unfortunately I can't pass the information on in this review.
We did the Gaucho plate for an appetizer which was wonderful - I am basically obsessed with the grilled sweetbreads!  We had the fries, which are always wonderful here, as well. To be honest, I believe that we ordered all of the sides from the menu, and not a single one was disappointing in the least.  Everyone ordered their own steak (the first time that I haven't done the whole order a bunch of meat and cshare it here), my own was wonderful...I ordered the hanger - seasoned and cooked perfectly to my order.
As far as prices go, the steaks range from roughly $23 - $35 if memory serves.  You might be thinking that sounds pretty cheap for a steakhouse, but these aren't your traditional steakhouse steaks.  They serve the cuts popular in Argentina, so it is flank, and hanger and sirloin and the like rather than Filet and Ribeye and New York Strip.  What I can promise you is that whatever steak you order it will be amazing!
If you have not yet been to La Boca, give it a shot.  I am sure that you will enjoy it as much as I do!.An Argentinian steak house that I've only heard great things about.  I actually walked by this place a few nights and it was always too busy.  I ended up coming here for an early dinner one night and it did not disappoint.
The first thing you'll notice is the maitre 'd, who is very friendly.  I had the Hanger steak and it was perfection.  It is served with 3 dipping sauces, but really they are not needed at all.  The steak itself was amazing, so tender and full of flavor.  It was the best steak I've had so far in town.  The steak just melts in your mouth.  It is not cheap, but definitely worth trying if you like steak and want to try a different kind of steak.Hands down my favorite place for steak in the city. Had the skirt tonight which is going to be my go to from now on. Appetizers are excellent and the list of scotches for a post dinner treat is top notch. I have always had great service. Highly recommended.Livin' la vida boca! I am pretty sure I dreamed of steak for a week after eating here.
Came here with the boyfriend. Ordered the Provoleta for an appetizer (grilled Argentine Cheese, Olive Oil & Oregano). Holy moly. So rich and delicious. I'm pretty sure the 2 ft strings of cheese stretching out of my mouth was not a hot look, but I didn't care. I was in the cheese zone. Don't skip this- plenty enough for two because it is so rich. 
Now onto the meat....
I opted for  the hanger steak while my boyfriend chose the NY strip, per our servers suggestion. She noted that the chef said that night's cut of strip was looking particularly good, one step below black diamond. 
 Steaks arrived and both, medium rare of course, melted in our mouths like butter. A nice Malbec complemented them nicely. I opted not even to use the carafe of provided sauces because the flavor of the meat was too good to cover with anything!
  Also, can I just mention the asparagus on steroids? I have never tasted asparagus so EVENLY cooked, tender, and delicious.  The stalks were thick and succulent. The mashed potatoes were excellent as well. Big portions too for sides- one order is plenty for two people to split.
   Already in a food coma, I urged my dining companion (who eats paleo) to try the flourless chocolate cake for dessert while I tried the coconut amaretto ice cream cake. We opted for the dessert sampler which contained both, along with a sample of the Dulce de Leche
Crepes. He loved his, while the crepes turned out to be the standout for me.
All in all- run, don't walk to go get your boca on!We have been to this restaurant several times and love the always love the flavor of their steaks. Last night was no different. We were both very hungry and so we went to la boca. While waiting for our food we started to notice the restaurant was a little dirty. I had something crawling on my wine glass and some form dirt was on my plate. I then looked up and saw so much of dust built up in the rafters that I was contemplating not going back. Then our steaks came...yes we will go back. We just hope that the management cleans the rafters, plates and wine glasses better.I absolutely love this place!! The service is incredible, and so is the ever changing Malbec selection. You can eat paleo here too!Move over delmanico, la boca is our new favorite steak house.
We first started with the Argentine patties which was amazing. Imagine a Jamaican beef pattie but 10x better.
And there was the steaks. Cooked to how you like and it was well seasoned...Good atmosphere.  Great steaks. (Not as good as Chops in Atlanta.)All sides are a la carte.  Fries were good with lots of garlic. No traditional Caesar salad which was a disappointment for my kids.  Chocolate cake was wonderful   But the highlight of the table was my gnocchi.  It was better than any Italian restaurant I have ever visited.We went as a party of 4 after a convention concluded. It's very convenient; easy walking distance from the convention center and nearby hotels. 
3/4 of us arrived early and had drinks at the bar which they offered to move the tab to our table. That is a nice touch and seen too infrequently. The drinks were just right. 
We started with mojillas as an appetizer; man, I love a grilled pancreas. Delicious. We all ordered the special which was an off-menu steak and I can't recall the cut. LaBoca had 4 for the night...gone. We asked them to be cooked Pittsburgh/rare (x1) and Pittsburgh/medium rare (x3). They nailed it, as they always have. Asparagus and brussel sprouts were ok. Sprouts were fried which surprised me. 
For dessert, our table ordered the "digestif flight"...that's what it is. It's the best deal in town...shhh!
Looking forward to the next opportunity to enjoy LaBoca!best Gnocci I have ever eaten! Steaks are on point!Of course love this place. We had a party of 10 go here recently and Joni took great care of us. 
I usually get the bone in filet, but recently I have been getting the skirt steak....to all my steak lovers out there....try their skirt steak...amazing flavors, great texture, cooked to perfection. Make sure you get the garlic fries to go along with you steak. The blood sausage is one of my favorites also.
The skirt steak has a great flavor that explodes in your mouth on every bite. The succulent flavors reach every corner of your mouth while pleasing your pallet beyond belief. How good is it?....I have a full stomach and am getting hungry while writing this review.
Oh Dessert...amaretto ice cream cake with coconut and caramel.....perfect way to end a great meal.One of the best steaks I've had. A little more rare than what I asked for but still tasted soooo good. Also the fries and mashed potatoes are amazing.Serendipitously stumbled into this place because it was the only restaurant with an open kitchen one late weekday night. Thank goodness everything else was closed. The meal was amazing from start to finish. Parmesan salad to start and then onto the special, the ribeye tip cap, which is an  uncommon treat. Meat was outstanding. The fact that they put out sauces seemed insulting to the steak. Sides of mashed potatoes and brocolli Rabe were above average and brussel sprouts were exceptional. Topped it of with the mix of desserts. Very satisfied.Our waitress was very attentive and friendly.  There was so much food...the servings here are enough for two, and it was all cooked perfectly.  They bring you three different sauces for your meal.  I put it on everything.  We ordered empanadas, salad, steaks and sides.  We also had a yellow watermelon cocktail that was really refreshing on a hot summer day.  We will definitely go back.The service and owners are still great people; however, since the move to the new location the steaks have been a disappointment. I hate to say that because everything else on the menu (especially the gnocchi) is still amazing. I've gone only 3 times since the location move, but all 3 steaks have been too chewy to eat. I made sure to branch out with a different cut of meat after the first mishap, but had little luck. This is a great environment with a beautiful bar. I'm not sure what the deal is but hopefully it all gets sorted out soon.Absolutely amazing everything. We did the tasting menu and nothing disappointed, especially the steak. Had left overs the next day because we had so much food. I never thought even cold steak could taste so amazing. Must go!I took my parents here because of the good reviews. I'm gonna be honest. I wasn't that impressed. Maybe I expected too much because many people say it's the best place for steak in the city. I don't know.
I did like the arugula salad--but really, can you go wrong with arugula, strawberries, goat cheese, and fried onions? And the empanadas were good. I also liked the sauces with the bread.
The meat was good too. We got the Entraña Fina con la Piel, Bife La Boca (which I can't seem to find on the menu anymore), and the sweetbreads. Ok. The Entrana Fina con la Piel was pretty cool. I liked the skin idea. Bife La Boca was alright. Now, the sweetbreads. Oh, the sweetbreads. I wanted to like it so much, because I'm supposed to be a foodie, right? It was my first time having them, but I had read about them, seen pictures, and was excited about trying them, and people say that the sweetbreads at La Boca are really good! But unfortunately, it didn't work out for us. A friend of mine says that I might not have liked it because of the way they were prepared, but I don't know. I don't really have any desire to order sweetbreads anymore.
So we couldn't finish the sweetbreads. And it was actually my dad's idea to order it, and he even ordered a second salad in an effort to finish the sweetbreads, but he couldn't do it.
But I still asked for a box, even though we all knew that no one would eat it. You know why? Because I thought that the server was condescending when she was taken aback when we ordered the sweetbreads and she said "are you familiar with sweetbreads?" The truth is, I wasn't familiar with them in real life, but I knew what they were, and I didn't like the fact that she questioned my decision, which I don't know if she always asks everyone that or if she felt like my family was not cool enough to be eating sweetbreads on the regular, but I didn't like it. So I didn't want her thinking, "I told ya." So I got a box. I know, stupid, but whatever.
So all in all, I wasn't all that impressed. Maybe I'm just a plebeian eater. Honestly I'd rather take the amount of money and pig out somewhere else. Probably a Besh establishment (we couldn't go to Besh Steakhouse on this occasion even though it was my first choice, because my sister is under 21).The fried cheese in the iron skillet was to die for!EXCELLENT! Locals, don't walk, RUN to this great little steakhouse on Fulton Street. It is terrific. The Kobe tenderloin and arugula salad - fantastic. This is absolutely the BEST STEAK in town. Chef Jared, Ron, Alicia, Sybil, Ernesto  - they all do their absolute best to ensure that your meal and visit are both exceptional and memorable. Great wine list. Service always excellent. We always feel welcomed here. We go often and have never been disappointed.Made a reservation same day for a group of 5 at 9:30pm. We were visiting New Orleans for a bachelor party. The restaurant is walking distance from the doubtree (next to Harrah's) where we stayed which is cool and convenient. 
We ordered provoleta as an appetizer and it was very yummy. You also get plenty of bread as well. 
I ordered the hanger steak which was excellent. I was almost too full to finish the meal. The steak was cooked just right and it was very tasty. 
This is a great place to take a group of friends or go on a date night. 
I felt like I got what I paid for. 
Only beef is that they can't split checks. 
Definitely 5 stars.I had dinner here last night with my boyfriend and a few of his co-workers.  I was a bit worried because we didn't have a reservation and the woman seemed a bit upset with us 4 for just showing up and the wait was luckily not more than 15 minutes.  She seemed to warm up after a while and was actually friendly.  Our server was Edward and he was great!  A man who appeared to be the manager (my apologies if he was the owner as well- I didn't ask) was most helpful in helping us make a selection between 2 wines we were eyeing and it was an excellent choice.  Since we had 4 people, we could choose from the menu or all do the chefs tasting menu which was an incredible value.  We chose the tasting menu.  There were 3 appetizer courses: the drum bruschetta, then sausage, and lastly a chicken and a beef empanada.  Then was the salad course with hearts of palm and a nice light dressing with a slice of avocado.  Next was the best course ever- the gnocchi with peas and pancetta in a light cream sauce (might have been pasta before salad though.. The wine and lack of sleep as I write this has me 2nd guessing).  Finally was the  steak and sides.  You could pick from a few steaks on the main menu.  The guys had the rib eye and I had the bone in filet- all of us chose to have charred.  It also came with the frites, mashed potato and asparagus (which was seasoned and cooked well).  My only complaint was that my steak had many tendons and was a little difficult to eat (I know I should have mentioned while I was there) but what I did have was absolutely tender and delicious!  I had a few bites of the rib eye and it felt sinful.  Lastly, they came out with a dessert platter. It had a slice of cake layered with ice cream and topped with toasted coconut, flour less chocolate cake topped with a crumbled nut brittle (almond?) and a sinful dulce de leche crepe that all 4 of us could have fought over.  The layered cake and crepe were the winners.  The tasting menu cost us each in the mid 50 range and would have been much more if all separate. The plus side was getting to try so many things.  They also served 3 delicious chimichurris with the meal that were fantastic on quite a few items, besides the meat.   The place is small and would be a nice choice for a romantic dinner as well.  I would definitely go back on my next visit to New Orleans.If you're looking for an old fashioned steakhouse with the usual boring cuts of meat and the tired standard sides(creamed spinach etc) & pointless California overrated trophy Cabs, La Boca is not for you. If you want large portions of expertly prepared meats both unique cuts and traditional ones La Boca is the place to go. We also enjoyed the frites & empanadas. The service is welcoming & engaging. The all Argentine wine list is affordable and has some serious gems. The Sommelier was really interested showing us the Argentine beef and wine experience. Atmosphere was like being in a neighborhood taverna in Buenos Aires. New Orleans is not a big steak town but La Boca is definitely  the best one.This place is phenomenal. The steak is perfection and is everything else on their menu.The Chefs Tasting is the way to experience this restaurant, hands down. With a sampling of empanadas, noqui, chorizo, salad, bruschetta, steak, and a trio of desserts, you can not go wrong and especially at a price point of $50 per person. 
My favorites included the Noqui, the sauce was the star for this dish,  and the Hanger Steak. The steak was perfectly cooked and came through on the waiters claim that "it was as flavorful as the ribeye and as tender as a filet". The other steaks ordered within the group was the skirt and ribeye. Both were excellent. 
The restaurant was small enough to keep the intimate feel but large enough to were you felt like you were not on top of the other parties. All the staff were very friendly. 
All around this restaurant is a must as long as you like good steaksThis is my best place to eat at the French FRIES are the best come one come all and try this place you will love it.Worst service in town. Don't waste your night out or your money!!!! Plenty of great restaurants in this town to enjoy!
Owner needs to clean house & get a new wait staff who acts like they enjoy life. Our waitress was so rude & never asked how our meal was. We split an entree and ordered apps & a bottle of wine but apparently once we told the waitress we were splitting our steak she was ready to get us out of there to turn the table. Serving size of the food is perfect to share but we will never be back. 
Horrible experience!!!!2 friends and I went on a Thursday night at 8 with no reservations. The place was packed. The Host was very excited that he could seat us right away.Everyone here is very passionate about serving and educating you on Argentinian food. This is a meat lovers resteraunt for the most part. After eating here you are defineatly a meat lover. Much better than any recent steakhouse I've been to. Our waiter seemed to get a pleasure out of describing the dishes to us. I fear that this place is off the radar for most people because it isn't traditional New Orleans cusine. However, I think its one of the best resteraunts in the city! Selfishly, I wouldnt mind if it remained a secret so I can easily get a table!La Boca is slowly becoming a staple when I head out to New Orleans. Sometimes you need a break from friend seafood and rice dishes. Sure it's not exactly Vegan/Vegetarian friendly but DELICIOUS none the less. I've had the American Kobe Terras Major twice and loved it both times. Between the flowing wine and the perfect cut of meat, the only decisions left are what side dish to choose from and which steak sauce is your favorite. 
Besides enjoying the food, the ambience is great. The restaurant is relatively small and seems well staffed. There was a rambunctious group last time. They were politely approached and asked to simmer down. By far my favorite detail is when they come by and allow you to pick your own steak knife. They have a fantastic assortment of knives to pick from. My favorite has a silver bee on it where you can rest your index finger while the knife is in use -- genius! It's certainly more thoughtful than generic monstrosity known as a steak knife at a big chain restaurant. 
I can't wait to visit one of my favorite cities and enjoy a great meal.Have been to Nola hundreds of times but my first time here. Hands down the best steak I have had in Nola! A great change of pace to most restaurants that have New Orleans/Cajun type foodMy husband and I discovered La Boca in 2008 when we were in New Orleans for business. We enjoyed it so much we went back for a 2nd meal that trip. Each time I've been back to New Orleans, I've taken my colleagues there for a group dinner. I always recommend La Boca to anyone I know going to NOLA. Not any more. The service was TERRIBLE. Our group of 6 was encouraged to do the tasting menu (food was very good) but they only gave us ONE tasting menu. So 6 of us were trying to figure out if we would order a la carte or do the tasting. Our server (I think his name was Cody) seemed rather irritated we were taking so long, and was rather rude when we asked for a second menu. His demeanor didn't improve over the course of the meal. We are a drinking crew, but we all stuck to one drink so as not to prolong the experience there. The table of 4 next to us had the tasting menu - they brought the same quantity of food for both tables - 3 empanadas for a table of 4 and a table of 6? Same with the dessert portions. For me, the "best" part was when I sent my steak back (I ordered my steak "very rare" and clarified with "still mooing") the waiter took the plate back and handed it to (not sure if she was the hostess, manager, bartender) but she comes back and says "you ordered your steak rare, this is rare" - ummm, no, I ordered it very rare and this is more cooked than the medium rare steak served to the person next to me. The second steak they brought me was perfect (and very tasty). The worst part was probably when the waiter brought the dessert plates and managed to hit my mother in the elbow with it (my 75 year old mother) - no excuse me, no apology, just hit her elbow with the plate (she was facing the group talking and didn't see him approach). 
As per restaurant policy, a 20% gratuity is automatically added for groups of 6 or more. So not only did we get shafted on some of the appetizers, we certainly "tipped" way too much for crappy service.I dont think there is anything like "La Boca" in New Orleans.  Superior meats and service.  For appetizers try the empanadas and the sausage variety platter (chorizo and morsilla [blood sausage]).  With my medium rare rib eye steak, I had grilled asparagus and their ñoqui (potato dumplings).  Delicious!
On another occassion I had their medium rare churrasco steak (flank steak) with chimichurri sauce on the side; this another one of my favorites.
La Boca is a small place, therefore I strongly recommend reservations.Small and cozy. Interesting presentation of fries. :-) Good service.Just perfect: solomillo was cooked to perfection, staff is friendly and knowledgeable without being intrusive. A great experience!Atmosphere was great.  Nice lighting.  Open.  Was very comfortable.  The server and others working there were very friendly and helpful.  My steak was outstanding along with salad and side.  The sauces served with the steak were very good and I enjoyed trying all of them.  Would recommend for a nicer dining experience but comfortable atmosphere.Been here many times. Always great service and really good steaks. Don't bother getting the filet. Every place in town does a filet. Get the skirt and hanger. Seriously, get both! I'll be back very soon.Visit for an amazing glass of wine, delicious bread, and to-die-for gnocchi. Then stay for dinner. The gnocchi has always been one of my favorite dishes of any restaurant ever. Ever! That said, everything I've ever tried here is to-die-for delicious. If they are offering a special, you should try the special. They really do focus on ingredients here, and you can taste the love and care in every dish. 
I love the atmosphere of this restaurant. They mastered an intimate, yet modern feel to the space that vibrates with life while maintaining a hint of home. Casual dinner with friends, a place to bring your out of town friends to show off New Orleans' best, or special celebration - this place is a great choice for any occasion.My wife and I's favorite steak in New Orleans. Great food, atmosphere and wine list! Get the hanger steak, pisco sours are great and don't forget to leave room for the flourless chocolate cake.I love this place. We booked the chef's table for a group of 6. for $45 we received the best 7 course meal i could've asked for. They have a fantastic array of wines from south america and they seem to have a sommolier in house (he was way passionate about wine and findingthe perfect bottle for you). The meal was delectable. The empanadas and gnocci were great. The steak was cooked perfectly and well seasoned. The meal inclused sides of pomme frites, mashed potatoes, brussel sprouts, asparagus and thre house made chimichurri sauces.Great local  Argentinean steakhouse and one of Adolfo Garcia's top places in New Orleans. This warehouse district location has been a staple in New Orleans for several years now for both locals and tourists. I once saw "Rocky Balboa" himself dining on a little protein. I love the bone in filet and think this restaurant adds to the already vibrant New Orleans food scene.Seriously, EVERYTHING was amazing! Brussel sprouts, mash potatoes and steak, a winning combo! You won't be disappointed!The simplistic setting and classic ambiance leaves room for the Argentinian steak to shine center stage! Cooked to perfection our food was simple and delicious. Would recommend for a romantic date or a business soiree.Best steak in town, hands down. Fresh and delicious Niman Farm beef, cooked to a perfect medium rare.   Both times I've dined here, service was excellent.  Just the right note of attention.
  Even if you think you don't like them, try the brussel sprouts, they're the stuff dreams are made of. 
My only "issue", if too much of a good thing is an issue - the steaks are soo big.
   I recommend the T-bone, and someone to share it with.Absolutly love it and Evita whould had cry for the amazing food and the great wines they have at La Boca,this place can give the Palermo naighborhood restaurants of Buenos Aires a run for their money.Words can't describe the amazingly delicious potatoe gnocchi i had ,it was divine!,the service here was exelent and Alfredo please keep smiling.This intimate quaint space comfirms that bigger is not necessarily better,the NY steak and garlic fries were wonderful and the deserts to die for,sooo yummy and a great way to end a great meal.Wonderful little steakhouse in the CBD. I went on St Patrick's Day evening when the city was winding down from the drinking and parades. You could find well dressed customers and customers in leprechaun costumes. Classy place with a beautiful atmosphere. Even better food! The mashed potatoes are to die for. Definitely returning!I have been here on several occasions and it has always been good.  I usually get the Vacio which is a 14 oz Flank steak.  You might says it's a pretty price to pay for (for the most part) the cheapest cuts of meat around but they cook them perfectly.  Melt in your mouth perfectly.  Seasoned just right perfectly and not fussy. I have had the bruschetta which is toast points with smoked drum and super delicious. I have also had the empanadas which were pretty awesome as well.  We always get the asparagus so I can't say much about the other sides.  If you are looking for a solid steak experience, this is your place.This is my favorite steak house by far in New Orleans. I think the staff is knowledgeable and friendly and always remember me when I return. The steak is AWESOME!!! Fresh and always check to see what the cut of the day is or what they'd recommend. I've never disliked anything I've had there and I've tried every appetizer, salad, dessert and multiple different steaks. The sauces are so goooooood too!!! The flourless chocolate cake is to die for, and you get to pick your own knife to eat with - who doesn't love that!?!!!!!!??!! And the wine list is fabulous with a good array of options at a variety of prices. I think they are by far the most reasonably priced steal house I've been to in the city and look forward to every meal!It's been about a year since I was in NO for a conference.. And it's actually time to return to that conference but it's in a different city each year.. This restaurant was one of the highlights of my trip. I decided to take break from all the seafood and po boy sandwiches and get some good old steak. It was the best meal I've had in New Orleans. Ordered sausage for an appetizer and their special for that night- I think it was a Kobe steak. Amazing! It was so good I duplicated my order before I left to have it again at the hotel when I got back :) 
If I ever return to the big easy this place will definitely be included on my restaurant circuit!Best Skirt Steak i've ever had. 
we went for my friends birthday & we had an amazing time
the cheese appetizer is amazing. 
the sampler plate is great too. 
so happy.Living in Charleston, we are food spoiled. We have (what we feel) to be some of the best restaurants, chefs, and food in the country, and every time we travel we get really hopeful that we will go somewhere and have our socks knocked off. We always ask for recommendations; people rave about restaurants, tell us we have to go, and we do...and ultimately end up disappointed. We ate at La Boca while on vacation in New Orleans, at the recommendation of a friend who is from there. Let me just say...it has been a LONG time since I have had a steak that good. I had the top sirloin, and we had a side of the fried brussel sprouts, which were amazing, as everyone says. I never saw the old location, but the new spot is beautiful inside. The service was attentive without being overbearing, and our waiter was genuine and lovely. We had a nice little table for two in the window, and had a romantic, delicious meal. Yum. Highly recommend.Best steak in NOLA? Confirmed. I'll get to the food, but let's start with the wine and service. 
Sommelier (Ricky) and server (Ron) were wonderful - funny, attentive, and just awesome people.  We got an amazing Argentinian bottle of red wine that complemented our meal (Finca el Origen 2010 Malbec). 
Dining experience at La Boca begins with "choosing your weapons" - they present you with a case of different fancy steak knives, so you can choose your weapon of beef destruction. 
We ordered three steaks that Ricky and Ron helped us choose: the special, hanger steak, and ribeye, all from awesome grass fed ranches in Oregon. For sides, we got the brussel sprouts, mashed potatoes, and the pear salad. Every single thing was delicious. We all experienced that "oh shit I just jizzed my pants" foodgasm. 
I recommend every steak and especially the brussel sprouts! Definitely up there for the best meal I had while I was in NOLA, and I am really not a steak eater. 
Can't wait to go back!Wonderful, small little steakhouse in the Warehouse District. We walked in on a Wednesday night and were seated immediately. The service was impeccable; they were all so eager to explain the dishes to you. We got to pick our own steak knives, which I always love. And they decant the wine- so classy! We let the restaurant staff select our wine and it was a great choice.
The steaks were both well cooked and the sides very enjoyable. An excellent experience. 
I think this would be a great place for a date. It's small, intimate, and a little off the beaten path.Easily one of the Best steak restaurants in New Orleans. I love the atmosphere, service, and food. It is moderately priced for a good steak house. They have the blood sausage which is really good. I always get the ribeye. They have 3 different dipping sauces to try with the steak. Everyone will have a particular favorite sauce but all 3 are good.Nice ambiance, good wine, good food, good service.  Word economy is in, people.Man, I really like this place.  Nice space, smallish but too stuffy, almost casual vibe.  Nice u-shaped bar in middle of the place with good drinks and pleasant bartenders.  Great steaks (grass fed and not drowned in butter).  I like the variety of dipping sauces.  Sides are really gooch too - garlicky fries, great mashed taters and large creamy gnocchi.  If you go with 4 or more and they're not too rigid try the tasting deal-it's only $50 and you get choice of steak, adequate apps and couple difference sides.I'm don't know how, but it gets better and better every time we go. Tonight was no exception. Dinner was great, the drinks were perfect and Ricky was spectacular as always. 
I'm sure we will be back within a few days. 
LOVE this placeIn a city that lives to eat, this place is a must try. Good atmosphere, great food, try the hanger steak!Excellent service, great food, and kid friendly. Exceptional wine selections. I recommend the Hanger Steak. It's to die for.I looooovvvveee this restaurant!!! Our first time was last night and we will definitely be going again. The service was phenomenal, from the moment we walked up to the restaurant. The valet, the greeter, the wine connoisseur, our waiter, and other waiters. They were all just great. Great steaks, great wine selection. Steak was cooked to perfection, side of asparagus was yummy, just everything! Great restaurant!Its expensive. Its meat. Its wonderful. 
Try the tasting menu (45$ minimum 4 people). You will go home happy.Came here recently with my career mentor to celebrate a milestone. We started out with the bruschetta appetizer, which was fresh and delicious. The empanadas were also tasty though not as memorable. Out of the steaks we shared, the skirt steak was my favorite- more tender than expected and chock full of good flavor. Of everything in the dessert sampler, my favorite was the caramel filled crepe, with the very rich flourless chocolate cake as a close second. The highlight of the experience though was the awesome variety of Argentinian wine. A gentleman, (maybe the manager?) came over to chat with my mentor about the new location of the restaurant and then offered some great quality and value selections. He was even able to describe the location and owners of some of the vineyards which produced the wines he suggested, and the flavors didn't disappoint. Had a great time and will happily go back when I'm hungry for a unique steak dinner experience.Loved this place!!!! It's expensive but worth the money! I've never been disappointed! I can't wait to hit American soil to go back to all my regular favorites! I love he ambience, the food and he service. I've never had to wait long to be seated and I've never left disappointed. I recommend everyone in the area to try it. I love the variety of dishes they offer and the steaks are phenomenal! I don't think I have ever been disappointed with a steak here. I also love their salads! I love that I can. Go here for any craving I have and not leave disappointed or wanting more.Just had an amazing culinary experience. Tasters menu with the 18oz  45 day aged bone in sirloin was one of my top 5 steaks ever.Came here on my first night in New Orleans.  Not gonna lie, going to a steakhouse while in the NOLA was not at the top of my to do list, but after a series of unfortunate events looking for a place to eat, I'm really glad we did stop here.
We were seated immediately by a friendly gentleman and young lady.  We each ended up ordering Ribeyes.  Boy oh boy, amazing.  Cooked and seasoned perfectly, and the quality of the flesh was great.  Most definitely prime or high quality choice.
A little pricey, but that's expected for a steakhouse.  Service was good.
I would certainly come back.Unbelievable! First of all, the food is good. However our experience was bordering on bizarre. We had a party of eight all CEO's or Presidents of local midsize to large businesses none of which are Prima  Donna's. Just regular guys. We were seated at a table against the wall that was pretty tight for our group. We asked to move to a larger table in the middle of the room and was told it was held for a party of 10. O. K. The waiter was attentive but abrupt with some normal questions. But when one of our guests asked for a scotch and water and I asked for a rye and soda, the drinks came reversed with the scotch having soda and rye having water. I didn't care that much but when the scotch drinker told the waiter that he wanted water, the waiter dashed over to the bar where he brought back the charge ticket that said that the scotch was with water. It was obvious to three of us that the scotch had soda but just because the waiter said that the paper work said water, it had to be water. Totally ridiculous. You think the Brennan's would have questioned this? So being proud of our city's restaurant food I talked to the manager on our way out. Only to inform him what happened so to help improve their experience. By the way. The table that we asked to move to was broken down to a table for six. They were very comfortable. The manager was unsympathetic to say the least. A 20% tip was added to our bill. No problem. We gave the waiter 8 credit cards. No problem. All signed their respective chits, I counted them to make sure there were all eight accounted for and pinned them to the nice, cork recipe tray.  While waiting outside for the valet the waiter comes busting out and says he only has 7 recites signed. I told him to go back and recount because I had checked it. He came back out and said he had them all. This was not only a bad experience but then I was compelled to take time to right this long review. It's a shame because the food is good.Wonderful bone in filet. The gentleman had the chorizo bifete and he loved it. We had the fries and a great glass of wine. Pass on the dessert the bread on the cake was dry. Otherwise. Devine cuts of meats and sauce. Melt in your mouth. Holler!The steak is very good which is why it's getting 2 stars however the service is absolutely horrific. Our moodie server who looked like Wilson Phillips did too many sun beds was just plain rude. First it was like she was doing us a favor by waiting on us. A comment that came out of her mouth when I asked if we had ordered enough food was " I don't know your appetite" and then I asked her if we would like the sprouts was i don't know what you like. She was just terrible and she ruined our meal. She spoke aggressively and ignored me when I asked her to tell me about the wine I ordered. If I'm spending $50 on a steak, I expect the service to be on point.So the other night, my husband and I had one of our BEST date nights,ever, here.  This big room is the perfect setting for a date.  Its really dark and cozy and has "romantic" music playing.  The decor is perfect.  We couldnt stop talking about all the interesting items the have in here.  The top of the bar, if you were to look at it from above, is shaped like their embelem.  Pretty cool.  All of their light fixtures are covered with steel grill grates.  
  I was so embarassed, but even though I went to a steak house, I ordered pasta.  I have to imagine it was just as good as the steak would have been.  It was a pancetta and cream sauce dumpling thing and it was amazeeee.  It was a huge portion as super rich, so I ate on it for a couple of days.  The only thing I had that I wasnt crazy about was their special drink of the night, "The Watermelon Drink".  It was super chunky and had a good bit of cucumber without any added sweetness; so it tasted more like a health drink than a cocktail (health drink plus vodka).
This was our first visit to the new location, but we will definitley be back!I went for a retirement dinner with 12 colleagues. And it ended up being absolutely undoubtably the WORST service I have ever received. The server was not only not polite but was just flat out rude. 
I asked for extra olives in my martini and was told they have "given me all the olives they could give me " I asked the server if she was ok and why she was being so rude. I reminded her that she is the server and I am the customer. 
I have a bad habit of talking with my hands and As I was complaining I almost slapped my colleague sitting next to me in the face.  
My colleague then  said "you almost slapped me in my face" 
The manager of the restaurant then came over and proceeded to accuse me of threatening to "slap the server in the face" 
And at that point  I lost it and got very upset. Telling the manager what awful service we received. The manager did apologize profusely 
The service virtually stopped at the end of the meal, no more drinks were refilled. To treat a table of 12 customers who drank and ate in this establishment in such a terrible way is inexcusable, especially because of bill was $1500. 
I do have to admit the food was very goodYou have to grab 3 friends to go here for the tasting menu!!!! I've been here about 3 time and always do the tasting menu. This menu is only for minimum 4 people and you share a 7 course meal! First they bring you a personal salad, then gnocci to share, then meat pies to share, then sausag to share, then whatever steak you chose, then finally share 3 desserts! its between 50-60 per person and so worth it. The gnocci is the best in the city, I almost liked it more than my steak. The steak is cooked perfectly. Ive had the flank and the filet. I would go with filet everyday now. Keep up the great work!The noise level is anything but average. We are a party of four, VERY hard to hear each other and the waiter description.  Looking forward to seeing how the food is. Btw the on line menu does not align with the current menu. No T Bone. No 24 oz bone in rib eye. Both reason we selected here.Love this place. The steaks were great. I recommend the sampler app to start. The service and staff were top notch. I really found this restaurant to be one of the best I have eaten at in 2012.Melt in your mouth steak and garlic fries better than any found in San Francisco.   Make sure to try each of the three steak sauces provided, just don't go overboard on the chimichurri.Wow!!!!!!!! This place is so FANTASTIC!!!! Very classy and delicious food all around! Definitely recommend the Chef's tasting table as you get a little bit of everything!DELICIOUS!!! This was definitely the best meal we had during our visit to New Orleans- and we had a lot of good food during our trip. We went there the night we got engaged and both had steaks and they honestly were the best steaks we have ever had. We loved everything about the restaurant, highly recommend it and wish we lived closer so we could eat there again. The atmosphere, food, service and wine made our special night even more special!By far the best customer service I've had.. Hannah was amazing, patient, and had great recommendations for myself and partner. No doubt we will be back.. Thank you again.
The food was phenomenal!Went here for dinner last night because I keep looking for the perfect steak in NOLA.  (Stupid, I know... being from Chicago...  I should be eating the seafood down here but hey, I've had a lot of blood-lust lately.  What's a woman to do?) Saw the reviews for this place and decided to check it out.
Nice atmosphere.  Watermelon cocktail was awesome.  I order the skirt steak medium rare, my friend ordered strip steak well done.
Her steak came out medium... mine was so rare it was cold.  She sent hers back and I should have sent mine too so that isn't the fault of the establishment that I chose to eat cold steak (I was really hungry).  Still, I just wasn't impressed.  None of the sauces were very good to put on the steaks.  The mashed potatoes were good and the brussle sprouts were just okay.
Not an awful place but no reason to really want to return when there are so many other resturants I have yet to try.  If you do go, try the watermelon cocktail-  it is rather refreshing.Best steak in town, little pricey but worth it.Looking for some super good, flavorful steak, look no further. La Boca rocks! Awesome steaks, fries, vegetables, sauces, appetizers, etc. This restaurant does everything well. It is a lot of fun getting to pick your weapon. After ordering, your server will bring box of different types of knives for you to choose from and that is cool. I've had a less than warm reception a couple times by the hostesses, but the food and rest of the staff makes up for what is lacking when you first walk through the door.This restaurant is a must visit while in Nola... One evening we ordered the beef + caramelized onion empanadas, Entraña Fina (skirt with no skin), Entraña Fina con la Piel (skirt with skin) and the Bife de Lomo con Hueso (Bone in Filet) and a side of fries... The app was delicious, the entrees were cooked to perfection (my fav was the Entraña Fina), and the fries were so flavorful. Great food and service... I will definitely returnFood & service was excellent. Kobe & skirt steak was delicious. Sides served family style so all can share.Absolutely our favorite steak place. My husband is a meat and potatoes guy so he has steak at most restaurants and we have been to our fair share of high end steak houses across the country. We live in Texas now, obviously surrounded by great steak, but we still wish we were down the street from La Boca.I'm a huge steak fan as many of us are. And I'm a big fan of the NOLA restaurant scene. La Boca might be the best dining experience I have had in NOLA!  Empanadas were fantastic and the steak were awesome. I suggest getting cuts that you don't typically find in steak houses such as skirt, hangar or flap. 
I was concerned when reading some reviews that panned the service but the service turned out to be exceptional. 
I will note that their website doesn't show prices. Steaks range from $28 to around $50. Sides are around $9. Not cheap but worth the expense!La Boca has recently been added to my list of Favorite Places to Eat Myself Into Oblivion. Every item I've had, from the appetizers to the steaks, has exceeded my expectations. Portions are incredibly generous, and I'd actually recommend trying one of the pasta dishes for an appetizer (split among two or three diners, of course). 
On my last visit, we split the gnocchi, which was one of the most seriously delicious, perfectly cooked plates of gnocchi I have ever eaten, and was totally surprised by this being one of the best parts of my meal. The empanadas are also great, but I think I'd choose another plate of gnocchi over them again next time. 
The steaks are probably the best steaks I've ever eaten, as they're clearly selected for quality, seasoned with a bit of salt, and seared to absolute tear-inducing perfection over a very hot flame/grill/stove. You don't need a drop of anything to enhance the flavor of the steak, but try each of the sauces offered (the horseradish cream sauce is my favorite); they're all handcrafted and delicious. The side dishes are large portions as well, and one can easily be split among two diners. My favorites are the baked corn pudding, which comes out in a little cast iron skillet, and the fries, which are served in a massive heap that could easily serve three.
La Boca is a pretty small restaurant, so I'd highly suggest you make reservations well in advance, especially around conventions, as it's close to many surrounding hotels. If you have the option to dine at the bar, go ahead and take it; the atmosphere is pleasant, and I didn't mind eating there at all. It actually might be a little more fun than sitting at one of the tables.My stake, one of five others at the table, was burnt on the outside and it made the whole thing taste bitter, it was my brothers birthday and I simply asked if they could change the steak out- after only one bite, they said I didn't know how to eat steaks and refused to even change the steak, much less try to help me out while my entire family ate... they, the general manager and the owner said that they would not cook anything else for me because I was rude. I literally went my brothers birthday without eating - WOW! Never been treated so bad in a restaurant in my life - maybe because I have an accent and I'm Hispanic, never did ever in my entire 25 years of living in New Orleans have I ever been treated so poorly !! And, I have a restaurant.... what a piece of **** people!!Let me start by saying tonight was my 3rd visit to La Boca with 9 coworkers and I've never had anything like this happen to me before at any restaurant.  
Let me set the scene: We just ordered 9 steaks, 8 sides and maybe 12 drinks.
So while we're waiting for our food to come we receive 3 baskets of bread that we're not devouring instantly as everyone is chatting and drinking it up.  After a few minutes about half the group goes outside for a quick smoke, and I notice that our bread baskets are empty.  So we kindly ask our waiter if they can bring out some more bread.
Our waiter actually tells us "No I can't."  And at first I thought he was joking and was like "really" and he proceeded to tell us that he was going to bring us some, but the chef specifically told him not to and that we "should have ordered some appetizers".   I was shocked to hear that.  And I'm still shocked since I love this place.
So when our friends who were smoking came back in and ordered more drinks those of us who felt slighted/insulted said "if we buy drinks do we get bread?" and it sort of became a running joke.  Of course we stopped ordering drinks at that point.
Anyways I guess by the end of our meal the waiter told us they had run out of bread or something.   It's just amusing that they just didn't tell us that or throw in a free appetizer or something as a majority of our group was drinking it up.
Thinking about it now, I was still going to give this review 5 stars as the steaks are still amazing, but honestly if I was with a smaller group or by myself, I would've just walked out as the chef's comment about ordering appetizers was just rude, so 1 star it is!
Morale of the story, the steaks are amazing, but don't ask for more bread.The food is five star. The hostess and general attitude of the staff gives this the one star. I have had two bad experiences with the hostess and staff. The hostess (with the tattoos) is consistently rude. On two occasions I have had reservations to only be seated at the worst table in the house. On both occasions multiple tables were open when we arrived to only have her seat us at the table right next to the entrance. Both times we asked for another table. On one occasion she said, "I'd rather not move you". The second occasion she simply said no other table was available when clearly the restaurant was empty. The table we requested was still available when we left. I don't know what her attitude is all about, but it turns you off from the whole meal. It seems like they are making an attempt to make this an ultra exclusive nyc feel, and that is just not going to work here. Management should take note and remove her from the front.Before I get into La Boca I should point out that most reviewers on yelp dont know much about food or service and tend to overrate every restaurant they dine in.  I myself, have worked in some top restaurants in New Orleans\Las Vegas and tend to have a higher standard than these people giving below average places 5 stars.
The service here is what really brings this place down.  If you want to be insulted by your server and then ignored by the managers, then this is your place.  Our server never told us her name so I can't comment on who she(Blonde, 20s, female) is but I guess that's a good thing for her.  Having never dined here It was obvious that she had skipped multiple steps of service and just wanted us to leave. 
Food: 
- The Cowboy steak was cooked to the correct temperature, but the char on the steak was overwhelming and ruined the flavor. With every bite, all you can taste is a burnt coal flavor.  The grill here needs to be brushed clean more often to preserve the natural flavor of the steaks.
- The Brussel sprouts are breaded, fried, then topped with some lemon juice.  It sounded better than they were.  They were pretty much cold once they arrived and we didn't eat any.  Even the table next to us sent theres back too. (take the hint managers)
- The bread they bring to the table has no flavor and is just taken out of there bags and brought to the table.  Not warm. Not Crispy. No flavor.  Don't worry about butter either,  no one offered to bring any. 
- The mashed potatoes were the only things that we ate and that's something you can't really mess up.
We only ordered four items and three of them were something that applebees could have done better.  
Save yourself time and go to a better place, this restaurant will not last.Simply great food and service. I have not tried all of the Steakhouses in New Orleans, but this is one we will be coming back to.Good well seasoned steaks and meat. Especially loved the veal sweetbreads. Sauces that accompany steaks are good. But they are wasted if used as it covers the truly great flavors of the beef.I did not take pictures because my fellow helpers have covered every wonderful aspect of the restaurant. We truly enjoyed the atmosphere, the food and mostly the company. This was a wonderful dining experience. The food and service was wonderful. Doris Metropolitan lookout!!! I also thought it was a cute idea or special touch when you select your own style of knife even though you could have used just a butter knife. The empanadas were delicious. The red pepper sauce was very good. We sect d that the chef fed us therefore that was the best and not to mention the desserts. Oh my I should have worn my big clothes. Lol......look forward to going to back!This little gem of a place just upgraded to a beautiful new location on Tchoupitoulas street and definitely holding it's own amongst the who's-who of fine dining. As someone who came from a big family of steak connoisseurs, I've eaten steak at nearly every steakhouse in this city, and La Boca has me coming back for their fine flavorful selection of Argentinian beef. Sure, other places are known for their specialty items and typical sides, but if you're interested in a fresh take on the steak scene, I'd recommend La Boca for a really great meal that won't weigh you down and leaves you with plenty of energy for a night on the town afterwards! Management and staff are super friendly, attentive and anticipate your every need. Love the new valet service too.I love the atmosphere of the restaurant, a little romantic but also friendly. Staff was nice! BUT, I know I really didn't have to do this BUT  I have to. In my opinion if you are forced to get the sampler because they whole table has to get it, the least that could happen is that every single person got an item for themselves! Example: I do not want to go to a restaurant and have to split a chorizo with the person in front of me, or I don't want to have to split an empanada with the person in front of me. I'm sorry but if they can afford to offer one empanada and one chorizo per person, they should either not have it or raise the price! Simple.. Took a long time to get food which got me really full by the time I got my main meal.. And how sad is it not to eat the amazing stake they served. 
Summary: I like the place, I would totally come back, and I would be more prepared.Will NEVER return to this place. The arrogant manager is a top notch asshole. The sweetbreads were disgusting. Kobe steak? Burnt. And it was ordered medium rare.Argentinian restaurant, it was really, really good. If you love steak, then this is your kind of restaurant. The veal, pancreas was  different and tastyI was here in early February with 7 guests.  I chose it because of the great reviews on yelp.  I wish my experience was as good as the others.  firstly the location at night is quite dark and a little scary.  the restaurant feels like you're walking into a small pub.  when we were taken to our reserved table it was quite tight, and none of us are large.  we were told we would have to wait an hour.  not clear why we were given such a table when reservations were made a month prior.
while I'm vegetarian but go to steak places often for business,  there is always something for me to eat.  this menu had 2 items for me to eat and a salad.
my guests enjoyed their food but felt it was average.   one thing I was impressed with was the selection of steak knives.  it's nice to eat a steak with a good knife.  if your looking for an overpriced,  casual place to dine this is for you.My husband brought me here for my birthday, and it was a delicious meal. We tried the cheese appetizer which was super flavorful as well as the mixed empanadas which were all delicious. For our meals, I got the flank steak and he got the hangar steak- they were absolutely amazing! We were so impressed by the food and the service here.Okay.. let me explain.
Food: 5 stars, 10 stars, 20 stars, I love, love, LOVE La Boca. Without a doubt, the best steak in town. Nothing else compares.
Service: 1 star, I'm sorry, it isn't just a one-off kind of thing.. it's every time I've been here. And I've been super hesitant about even writing this review because I don't want to get evil stares next time I go back...
The first night we came in, I had just taken my board exams, and we were celebrating! So we brought one of my favorite bottles of wine and asked for a decanter. The manager seemed annoyed that we asked for one, brought one over, quickly poured the wine into it, and then immediately poured it out of the decanter and into our glasses. We were flabbergasted. My boyfriend actually poured our wine back into the decanter (so de classe but what was the point of the decanter??) and then within a few minutes another member of the staff came over and poured the wine back into the glasses. Kudos to them for being attentive, but... gahhh!
Then our waiter came over. And he was awesome -- so friendly, so gregarious. He spoke at great length about the menu. He admired the wine so we asked him to grab a glass and we poured some for him to try. He then took our order. We were there for the steak and the world famous GIANT asparagus. He told us the steaks would take a long time to come out because it was busy (on a Tuesday night? it didn't seem that busy) and we had better order some appetizers. We weren't really in the mood for appetizers.. but we were pretty hungry so we took his advice and ordered the Provoleta.
We had barely made it one third of the way through our appetizer when the steaks came out. The waiter didn't even ask us if we were done with the Provoleta, he just took it away before we even had a chance to realize that it was gone. Okay, annoying, but we were too mesmerized by the steaks (Filet in Bone and NY Strip) and the almost inappropriately delicious steak sauces (the red one is the best!!). The GIANT asparagus (I'm not kidding, you need to check out this asparagus, WHERE DOES IT COME FROM??) did not disappoint and the fries were on point as well. The food is really fabulous. I've never disliked anything that I've had here.
We were going along slowly enjoying our delicious dinner when the restaurant started to get quieter. It was 9:30 (place closed at 10:00) and there were three or four tables still at the restaurant, one right next to us. This is when, every five minutes, the waiter started coming up to us and asking us if we were done -- when we clearly weren't. We still had half a bottle of wine to go and were nowhere near done with our meal. We were not done. Then we saw him beginning to harass the table next to us, asking them if they wanted to-go boxes when they weren't done with their food either.
Now, I've worked in the restaurant business, and so I know that you don't rush the customer. Even if someone walks in at 9:45 and the place closes at 10:00, you still serve them. And dang, that customer is a horrible person for coming in that late at night, but you STILL serve them. In this case, we had made a reservation in advance, and if they don't want to risk people still being at the restaurant at 9:30, they shouldn't be accepting reservations for 8:30.
We finally got so uncomfortable with him hovering around our tables and continuing to pester us that we gulped down the remainder of the wine to hightail it out of there. The waiter brought over the check and said, you know if you want to stay late here you should come on a weekend night and make a reservation. I was pretty much fuming. I think I decided then that I wouldn't come back -- but of course the delicious Filet in Bone made me break my promise. Since then, I've been back a few times, and the service has been more or less variations of that evening. The manager is generally rude, until for whatever reason he decides to turn on the charm, and then he's quite the talker. Other staff has been similarly snarky. But it doesn't matter. I'll be back.Excellent service and excellent food. Steaks were top notch and the sauces they are served with are great too. The garlic fries and flourless chocolate cake are a must as well. As a side note, they can grill your steak Pittsburgh style, which is a rare find.A bunch of colleagues and I chowed here after a very long, hard week. In a sea of shellfish and Cajun cooking, this Argentinian Steakhouse was our pearl. We had a large enough group to do the family style menu, which comes at a reasonable price of $50 a head. We had samplings of apps, pasta, salads, a steak, and desserts. The service was amazing, and the owner will greet you at the door. I highly recommend the gnocchi; served in a cream sauce with pancetta and peas, i.e. very rich, but extremely delish. The steaks are wonderful cuts (there are choices of hanger steak, bone in filet, skirt steak, NY strip, and more) and generous portion. The flour-less chocolate cake was amazing, but rich enough to couple with the light ice cream cake it came with. 
I really had a wonderful dining experience here: the food was outstanding, the service was professional yet friendly, and the atmosphere was warm. I will be back.A shithole with overpriced food and over sensitive staff. Was asked to not come back to the restaurant because I touched the waitresses arm when my friend and I were arguing who would pay for the bill. By the way I gave her a $60 tip on a $120 something bill. I had no intention of upsetting her. I have full tattoo sleeves and honestly think I made them uncomfortable because of my appearance. So lame and disappointing. Regardless of my feelings being hurt the food was meh. Good luck people.I am a big fan of La boca if I want a great steak, the serve the best in the city when it comes to beef with a list of choices. The front staff is very good ( although one time a server spilled a glass of wine om my DC) I highly recommend although it isn't cheap it is very good.SO RUDE!!!! If you want to be belittled and treated like a child, scolded by the management and then talked down to by the owner - LOOK NO FURTHER. During a very expensive anniversary meal, the manager, quite rudely, came to our table and told my girlfriend to put her foot back into her pump. My girlfriend -not that this matters to content of this review- is a Tulane resident physician who works on her feet from 5am-7pm everyday; she had, good lord, temporarily removed her foot from her shoe UNDER THE TABLE. She wasn't playing with her foot, it wasn't on the table or in her hand or in her lap. I reached out to the owner the next day and this was his response -
"Ben, I do recall your visit with us Tuesday. People removing their shoes in the restaurant has become somewhat of a problem and we've had other customers complain about having to dine next to other guests that do. My two managers and myself discussed it before approaching your girlfriend about the shoes. The shoes were off for some time before and as we discussed about the situation. Anytime any customer we feel needs to be addressed about an issue we discuss as a team first. 
I can't speak to his delivery of that message, but rest assure Daniel is very congenial with all of our guests. I do obviously take customer service and perception very seriously otherwise I wouldn't be in this business. I'll speak with Daniel about his recollection of his tone when addressing the situation. 
I greatly appreciate your business and hope this gives some understanding. 
Thank you."Mmmmm!!! Love that steak! So delicious! I had the Centro de Entraña which is their organic hanger steak. I'm definitely into this place! Obviously for the carnivore...Went here for my birthday dinner, I ordered the solomillo medium rare waited 30 mins not to bad I don't think, but when the steak came out it was cooked to almost well done. It barely had any pink on the meat  and was tough. Service was good but the food wasn't where I expected specially for a Argentinian SteakhouseBest Frites in town.  Hanger usually good but on occasion food prep can vary.  All in all a cooler place than standard Steak houses (viz. Ruth's, Morton's, and even Chop House).I visit every time I come to Nola! Absolutely love everything about this place! Excellent food, huge wine selection, friendly staff and location, location, location! 
Upscale, elegant dining with knowledgable staff. Cozy Argentinean steakhouse located 5 mins from casino and outlet mall. This was originally located in another area, but moved due to growth! Still limited seating with limited space. A must visited every time I'm in town. 
Their grilled asparagus is TO DIE FOR!!!! I could eat only that and be COMPLETELY SATISFIED!!! Haven't had any other that compares! TRY IT!Gaucho plate was worth the 20$. I wish the empanadas were crispier. The filling was delicious though. Sweetbread was savory and so juicy! Chorizo sausage was meh. Then, the beef skewers, my favorite. 
I really didn't like the gnocchi but I think that's because my standard for gnocchi is Restaurant August's truffle gnocchi. That's not fair of a comparison at all.
24oz bone in ribeye cooked medium rare done as expected! Simply seasoned and grilled to perfection. I love that I didn't need any type of sauce with my steak because it was that flavorful. 
La Boca fries are a must ! They are almost the perfect fries anyone could dream of. We just had an order with way to many end pieces and it was a little too salty. 
There's the restaurant's "3 sauces" that comes with the meal. I can't explain them because I didn't have a good explanation myself. Anyways.. I enjoyed the "green" and "white" sauce. I tried the sauce with every bit of my meal, except dessert. though they where delicious I didn't need them because everything was seasoned well. 
Dessert sampler. Skip it and just order the coconut ice cream cake if you must have dessert. If not, skip dessert because I didn't enjoy much of any thing on the menu. 
Meal was fantastic ! We definitely over ordered and had plenty to take home. I was surprised with how cheap the bill was. I will definitely be back when I am craving steak and fries.Amazing place!! Highly recomended!! The food was perfect. Arrived quickly. Lovely service!! Friendly and high quality restaurant. It's a place you want to come back to. The location on yelp is wrong- look in their website for addres.Best steak house in New Orleans! Steaks here have great flavor and were cooked to perfection. Nice ambiance too. I would give 5 stars, but for the fans. They don't have proper air conditioning so must keep the fans on high, which causes an annoying breeze. The manager would not turn the fan down, even when we asked, though could have switched our table. We were in a nice table by the window, so didn't want to move. The breeze was not only annoying but also made our steaks get cold quickly.  Other than that, I really really enjoyed La Boca. The food is really excellent!Unfortunately, we did not get a chance to try every steak, appetizer, and side on the menu, but given the amazing quality of everything we did try, I can only imagine that nothing on the menu sucks. My girlfriend and I each started with a cocktail. I forget what they were called, but one was basically fresh squeezed watermelon juice with vodka and a splash of orange and the other was had a tequila, lime, egg whites, and cinnamon. Both were good.
We each ordered an appetizer. I ordered the blood sausage. I think that may be the first time I have ever tried blood sausage, and I have now been craving it ever since (even though I imagine it would be difficult to find some as good). The waiter brought out three sauces before the meal. Each one had a unique, enjoyable flavor. I'm not sure what was in the white sauce, but it was great with the sausage. My girlfriend ordered the empanadas. I'm not really a fan of empanadas in general, but my girlfriend enjoy them.
The steaks were incredibly flavorful. I ordered the Centro De Entrana and she ordered the skirt steak. Both were ordered medium rare, and both went great with the lime, cilantro, and parsley sauce. We shared a side a fried brussel sprouts and didn't finish them, but not because they weren't good, it was just a really large portion. We ended up finishing them the next day after heating them up in the oven.
Service was great! The waiter was very knowledgeable, and very attentive to our table. The atmosphere and lighting were spot on, and the music was at just the perfect volume. I'm not big on giving five stars because I believe Yelp is meant to help restaurants and businesses improve upon where they lacking, but there was honestly nothing to complain about. I very highly recommend this restaurant.I ate at La Boca on a last Monday night for my boss's birthday.  Upon entry to the restaurant, there is a host that helps you get through the doorway since there is a step.  He makes you aware of the step then helps you in by holding your hand.  So southern, so helpful, so trying to avoid a lawsuit.   I went to the bar and tried to order a glass of wine and waited a little too long to get service.  It seemed like they did not have a dedicated bartender.  So, I drank from a bottle of decanted wine that had already been served to the party, nice touch though.  
His wife gathered about twelve friends to attend and La Boca was able to accommodate us.  We decided to order the pre-selected "family style" seven course meal, with choice of steak.  We started with some finger food, smoked fish on plum jam on toast.  Second, broiled salty cheese with bread. Fries with sauces. Then, empenadas, two kinds stuffed with beef and the other corn and chicken.  Fourth, salad of romaine, hearts of palm and this Argentinian dressing.  
Then the steak, we had choice of several different kinds of steak, but I went for the bone in filet, medium rare.  It came out black and I was worried it was overcooked.  Much to my surprise, it was red in the middle and perfectly cooked.  On the outside it was nicely salted, almost like they dipped it in a salt bath and then grilled it.  Honestly, I wept a little as it had been so long since I had a perfect steak.  So much so that this may have been the best steak I have ever had.  Steaks were served with grilled asparagus and something else.  By this time I was so stuffed with food and drink that I can't remember.  Then dessert, I wish I could have enjoyed this more.  There was a tres leches and flourless chocolate cake and a caramel crepe.  
Everything was amazing, I especially liked the smoked fish app, the salad and my steak. The meal, with much drink and seven course meal was $95/per person with tip.  A huge splurge, but well work it.A slightly different take on a traditional steakhouse with an Argentine flavor. There were a few menu items you won't find at a traditional steakhouse like lime and garlic marinated steak with avocado and beef empanadas. The focus is still on the steak however. A few of the options have different names than what I am used to seeing, but the waitress was very helpful in describing the different names for the cuts of meat. The steak was prepared well, everyone's came out as ordered. The french fries were very good as well. There is a modest wine list a full bar. The service was excellent, attentive and helpful without being overbearing. The restaurant is smaller and the noise level was moderate. Convenient to the Warehouse district and not too far from the convention center. It's a 15 minute walk from the French quarter. I would eat here again, but with so many other food options in New Orleans, that might not be for a few years.We ordered the chefs tasting menu!! It's 7 courses for 49.50$ it is an incredible deal!! The gnocchi and empanadas were amazing!! And the desert trio at the end melted in your mouth.The food and the service was excellent. Beautiful as well! However, this is just an steak house not an Argentine  steakhouse. The steak are not cook Argentinian style, the chorizo was an Italian sausage not even close to what an Argentinian sausage taste like. The dessert menu didn't have the traditional Argentinian dessert (only one). I will give this place 5 start if they didn't call the restaurant Argentinian.... No one there was Argentinian no even the owner or chef and that's ok but the food did not represent that awesome country (lol).... OMG and the empanadasss were good but again... not Argentinian.We went there for the first time last night with a couple of friends and I must say, we were impressed! 
If you are looking for good steakhouse without the fuss, we highly recommend this place. 
Upon arrival, the bartender was so cordial and serviced us with a smile. The wait was long because of the holidays but it was worth it. The service overall was good. No complains there. We loved the sauce that comes with the bread. tasted good with the steak as well! 
It's a little expensive. For the experience and food, I would definitely go back again.La Boca is a delicious spot to have some fantastic steaks. Steak is definitely the only thing you should be eating if you go to a place like this... and I'd recommend the skirt steak. Now I hear you steak lovers... skirt steak? really? at a steak house with ribeye, strip steak and filet on the menu? Absolutely. The skirt steak was juicy, flavorful, everything I expect out of a great steak, but in smaller tender morsels. I'm really not doing it much justice. The sides available weren't anything special, which was a bit disappointing for a great steak house. 
Ambiance is good, but nothing over the top. Service was attentive, but nothing out of the ordinary.
Bottom line, a great place as long as everyone in your party is feeling up for steaks.Tried La Boca for the first time tonight to celebrate my boyfriend's 30th and the general manager practically ruined the night.  Obviously, we all ordered steaks - each a different type.  4/5 steaks were delicious.  However, my boyfriend's brother ordered a filet medium rare and it came out medium and completely charred & burnt on the outside.  He took literally ONE bite and called the waiter over to ask for a different THIRTY FIVE dollar steak because the bitterness was overwhelming.  The waiter happily took it back, just for the general manager to come right back to the table with the steak stating "This is how we cook our steaks, sir'".  My boyfriend's brother very politely explained the steak was bitter and wished to have a different steak but the general manager was completely unaccommodating and simply asked if he wished for him to take the plate away.  So, no offer for a different type of steak?  No offer to re-cook a new NOT BURNT steak? Nothing?? I worked in the service industry for 10 years and have never witnessed a steak house not offer to correct an UN-EATEN plate of food that a customer didn't enjoy.  Inexcusable and embarrassing for the establishment.La Boca has the best steak I've ever tasted and their trio empanadas are always amazing! On top of that the service is incredible!Are here on our last night in NOLA.  Awesome!  Our party of 4 (2 couples) had the "tasting menu" - basically, your choice from from 7 steaks (we had two Kobes, the cowboy ribeye and Bife de Boca..a sirluin flap steak), plus 5 courses (3 appetizers, salad and dessert)...and the steak came with sides (mashed potatoes, garlic fries and grilled asparagus spears).  Everything was absolutely phenominal!! And for only $45 per person.  If we lived here, we would likely eat here at least once a week....you cannot go wrong!Seriously, the best meal of my life. Go with a large group and do their tasting menu. The whole group has to do it but it is the most bang for your buck. The steak was like butter and the sides were delicious. Service was pretty good although the bartender was a little rude. The only downside was we had a reservation (we arrived 10 mins early) and they didn't sit us down for an hour and a half.I have been here a few times now and can honestly say consistency is the key to this place. I ordered the hanger steak for my entree and it did not disappoint. The food is always delicious and the service is great. Susan was our bartender and she even made me a delicious martini which wasn't even on the menu.I get excited every single time I think or hear about this restaurant.  It is just THAT amazingly delishus!  I have never had a subpar product in this joint.  It is irresistibly good!
I heard about this restaurant from our waiter at A Mano, located on the corner of St. Joseph St. and Tchoupitoulas (formally, the location of Hipstix).  He explained that the owner and chef, Adolfo Garcia, owned another original restaurant, La Boca steakhouse, that we absolutely had to try.  So, I gave it a shot.
We arrived at precisely 7 PM and were immediately greeted by the GM, Orestes Rodriguez, and shown to our table.  Initial observation revealed that this place is small.  I mean, it is tiny!  I recall making the reservation early in the week and Orestes called me the day of the reservation to confirm.  I can clearly see why.  They don't have the room to house mass of customers all at once so they have to make sure you're going to be there.
Just because the restaurant is small doesn't mean it's not valuable.  Due to its quaint stature, you're instead showered with attention from the GM and the wait staff.  I was really impressed with how friendly everyone was.  They were all too eager to please.
For an appetizer (and because I have a taste for cheese in a way that Dracula has to suck on necks from time to time), I started out with the Provoleta.  Good gravy, was that ever good!!  It came out, literally bubbling in its black, cast iron skillet and had a beautiful, almost crunchy texture on top.  It was simply the best and I totally recommend that anyone who dines here for the first time (and also shares a cheese fetish as I do) MUST try this dish.  Don't order it alone, though.  It's thick, heavy and begs for at least two people to savage it like Hungry Hippos going after those marbles!
My entrée happened to be the special that day, the Bife de Chorizo (14 oz NY strip).  I have always enjoyed the NY strip when prepared well.  It ranks right up there with the filet mignon in my book!  I recently heard that LaBoca was rated by Zagat as being the #1 steakhouse in New Orleans.  I don't particularly like Zagat ratings because they seem to choose popular, heavily advertised restaurants over those hidden neighborhood gems, who are often much better in quality and service.  In this case, however, Zagat is right on!  My steak was absolutely amazing, cooked just properly and incredibly juicy.  The knife just glided through the meat.  All I can say is that it was an incredible cut of meat and expertly prepared!
If you like steak, this should be your #1 at all times.  In all of my experiences, the food has always been sensational and the service is impeccable.  You simply CANNOT do better than this in New Orleans!  Give the GM, Orestes, a call and set up a reservation.  You will not be disappointed!Probably the best dinner while visiting NOLA. Everything about the experience was great. We had a charming and personable server, and food was on point through every course. We started with the provoleta (if you've ever had raclette cheese, you get the idea) and it was so rich, that we couldn't finish it. But it was divine. Hubby got the bone-in filet steak and I got the gnocchi for dinner and we shared a side of fries. Hubby's steak was rich and tender, my gnocchi was pillowy soft bites of heaven, and fries were outstanding. I loved the feeling of the restaurant and the dim, intimate lighting. And, an interesting aside, I recognized a throaty female voice behind me and turned around to find none other than Linda Hamilton of Terminator fame enjoying dinner there as well. She has good taste!!Absolutely fantastic steak and sauces. Just delicious! I had a glass of red wine and the skirt steak (if I recall correctly). The steak was cooked to perfection (nice and red on the inside when ordered at medium rare). Lots of flavor (didn't need the sauces though hey we're tarty). Large portion, too. The food is a la carte so I ordered a side of fries (very classy of me!), which was a huge portion. They do say that the sides are family style portions-but if you're there on your own, as I was, you are kind of stuck with too much. Friendly service. A bit pricy but so very good!Was in New Orleans for a business trip and we decided to eat here based on the hype and ratings we found on Yelp!  Now you would think that we would want to eat at a Cajun place since we were tourists, but I am sooooo glad we made the choice to come here.
It's a small place with all the ambience and friendliness of an establishment that knows what they're doing and does it well.  We were able to make reservations, which was a great thing since it was pretty busy. Decor was great, and from what I hear, there men in my party said the restroom had some interesting "art" LOL. Best part is that they let you choose your "weapon" or "knife" for your steak.  I like the extra touch this brings.
The food was excellent!!!! We had the provoleta, which is a grilled argentine cheese, and bruschetta as an appetizer. It was filled with flavor and zest.  For dinner we shared the sides, we had the mashed potatoes and flash fried brussel sprouts.  WHo knew brussel sprouts could taste so good!  I had the American Kobe Terras Major.  Words can't describe it, it was so good, didn't even need a knife to cut it. All of this was accompanied by a 2009 Lote '44' Malbec.  GREAT way to end the evening! 
Overall it was a great experience, and the next time I am in New Orleans, I will make it a point to eat here again.If you like steak go to La Boca. Let me rephrase that, if you love steak RUN to La Boca. I've been here 4 times now and it's been pretty amazing food every time. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because the service can use a little work at times. 
Do yourself a favor and get the Entraña Fina. This is the outside skirt steak without the skin. This steak is buttery and just melts in your mouth. For an appetizer I would suggest the Provoleta. Its cheese in a cast iron skillet with olive oil and oregano. Someone on here commented about the quality of the oregano. They need to quit being a pretentious dick!! "I've had the best oregano in the world blah blah blah". Get a life. This place is great. Give it a try and if you don't like it, you've probably been eating steaks at Chili's your whole life. This beef is better than Ruth's Chris and won't set you back as much.This is my favorite steakhouse in the city! We have been there on several different occasions and they never disappoint. We alway start with a glass of wine and provoleta, which is fantastic. The hanger steak and skirt steak are amazing as well.Fantastic atmosphere.  Make a reservation several days in advance or just sit at the bar.  The bar tenders are amazing.
I got a sazerac and it was very good but sweeter than i am used to.  Good though.
Got the squash and ricotta empenadas to start and they were fantastic.  I am not a squash guy but she is.  they was awesome and i would get a million of them.  the bring out steak sauces at the same time that are also good on the empenadas.  the three sauces are all good; parsley pesto, horseradish, paprika.  all great.
I got the Kobe and it was amazing.  The rub was a little too salty for me but overall fantastic.  She got the La Boca which was the winner of the night in my opinion.   Just really really good.  We got them both medium rare and boy were they rare.  
Everything was great.  The only downfall in my opinion is no free sides.  Hahah.  I know that sounds cheap and tacky but $36 for a steak is a lot.  Just give me some potatoes or something.  Not much needed but just something to just make me feel a little better.  
Great place.  Great steaks.  Great service.  Great atmosphere.An intimate dining room with delicious steaks. I've been here several times and enjoy doing a family style of meats and sides. To make myself feel less a glutton, I like to start with the Ensalada de Fresas (arugula, strawberries, and goat cheese). Then I feast on either the skirt steaks or the bistro tenderloin and I always get them rare.
Save room for the crepes filled with caramelized condensed milk!
Once you're done, roll out of your chair and loosen a button on your pants. Good stuffin'!Had one of the best steaks I ever had. I ordered a special cut off the menu. It was cooked and seasoned perfectly. I like my steaks plain but they give you 3 different sauces if that's your style. My group did the tasting menu which included a choice of steak, along with bruschetta, sausage, empanadas, salad, mashed potatoes, French fries, asparagus and a trio of desserts. This was definitely my best dining experience while I was visiting NOLA.La Boca is LaBoca because of Daisy. The exclusive selection of Malbec and amazing streaks are a close second. Thank you daisy for always making us feel welcome.Whenever I write a 3* review I have to remind all y'all that 3* means A-Ok. This place was A-OK.
Overpriced? Um, yeah. $10 for a side of French fries is ludicrous in my opinion.
I sort of hate when you go to a steak place and the thing you see is that it's a la carte.
We had a lovely waitress, Susan. She was friendly and told us her favorites, one of which we ordered. We got the 20 oz ribeye, we wanted a bigger one but they didn't have it (Thank goodness). We got fries and Brussel sprouts as a side. (Fries and Brussel sprouts were close to $20, which is highway robbery in my opinion).
Our steak, mid-rare, was nothing short of delicious. Crispy char, buttery flavor...seriously a great steak. 20 oz for two people is almost more than enough when you get sides. But, here's the thing. They basically slapped the steak on the table with a poblano pepper. $50 for a steak and that's the presentation that I get? I know that is nitpicky, but I just thought they would have done something better.
The sides were good. The fried Brussel sprouts were tasty, the fries were nice and greasy, but holy crap Batman. Did someone forget how to use a salt shaker. This stuff was CRAZY salty. Like too much even for my taste and I am a sodium addict.
They leave you a bottle of water at the table which I always appreciate (especially when the food tastes like it was made in a salt mine).
Service was great. We were attended to by several different people, most likely because we were dining early and they didn't have anything else to do, but still much appreciated.
Valet parking was $5 and the guy was super chill. I might go back just to hang out with him.
It's a good steak, maybe overpriced. Nice setting. Go to McDonald's and bring your own fries tor 2.99.So having spent some time in Argentina I was ready to be critical of this restaurant and I can critically acclaim that the empanadas were authentic and wonderful and the steaks made me nostalgic for an argentine parilla (grilling).  Definitely not the same prices as argentina but I guess it's cheaper than flying back!If you're in the mood for a different kind of steak house, La Boca is your place. From the extra-low doorframe when you enter, to the signature steak marinated in lime and garlic or double-fried fries, it's a real treat. Our server was incredibly knowledgable and helpful navigating the menu as well, which is a rare thing these days. Give it a go when in New Orleans.This was my third night in New Orleans and had eaten at great places everyday for lunch and dinner. I was not blown away with the food or the service here. It was good but nothing that I would say I have to go back to the next time I am in New Orleans.What a night.  Arrived at 8:25 for an 8:30 reservation.  Was totally ignored.  Finally we spoke up and said we were here for our 8:30 reservation. Hostess said "ok", it would be a few minutes. Within seconds a four top walks in after us for their 7:45 reservation.  7:45!  She proceeds to sit them ahead of us.  I'm over this and we walk out. The hostess proceeds to chase us onto the street asking what was wrong. I summarily looked at her and proclaimed that she, in my personal opinion was an "ass" and that we would never return. This is where it gets really weird and absolutely unprofessional.  The manager of the restaurant calls my cell phone and proceeds to go off on me. He is going off on me for calling his employee an ass!  Last time I checked, we still live in America.  I ask him not to call me back, and he then proceeds to text me telling me to "never darken his door again and that I am "subhuman".  Are you kidding me?!?!  We have a Georgia phone number, our KATRINA, number and live around the corner. I wonder if our area code had been 504 rather than 404 if he would have stalked us.  We are foodies. We eat in this neighborhood two to three times a week as we live in it.  I have never had the manager of any business call, text and stalk me because I was displeased with the service provided.  Only when I said if he called me again that I would file charges with the NOPD, did the calls stop.  He actually had my wife and daughter frightened to go home. The reservation was booked through Open Table. My daughter is fearful that he may try to find me. I have kept the texts in the event he tries to contact me again. We have lived here all of our lives.  I am shocked that this has happened and will be contacting Adolfo GARCIA personally.  There is no way he aware of his behavior. The night was not totally lost. Went around the corner to Root. Max and Maria were fantastic and more than made up for the horrible experience one of their neighbors had caused. Still shaking my head in disbelief.First off, I love steak. However, I love my steaks medium rare to mooing. So when my buddy told me about Entraña Fina Con la Piel and that it is cooked well done, I was pretty skeptical. It's definitely different from what I am used to but I still thoroughly enjoyed my steak. 
What happens is that the skin becomes really crispy so that it almost tastes like bacon crusted skirt steak. I think I still prefer my beef mooing but I was glad to give this a whirl. And yes, I ate every last piece of it so clearly I didn't hate it. 
We ordered the brussels sprouts as a side and it was fried and amazing. I highly recommend it.This is a carnivores paradise. I'm a big fan of La Boca. 
All of their steaks are great and really prepared well. The sides are big enough to split...The potatoes are smooth, creamy, savory. The perfect pairing to your steak. The  baked corn pudding is a great second, since it is more on the sweeter side. It's a great way to please all of your taste buds. 
Our server was great and very knowledgeable. She recommended a great wine to go with our meal. 
I can't wait to go back!We ate there this evening. It is considered one of the best steak houses in NOLA. However, I cannot agree. I chose the 'Bife La Boca'. Granted it was the lowest priced beef dish on the menu (@$28), but it was the toughest piece of steak I ever tried to eat. It was marinated in lime and garlic. Way too much lime. As tough as shoe leather. 
My wife had the sweetbreads which had great flavor, but were thick slabs and too dry. Wine selections were excellent. Sides, the same. We were hoping for something more based on their reputation.
Thom H.Wish I could give this 6 stars. I usually am very much a sauce person when it comes to meat, but the quality and cooking styles end in steak with such incredible flavor. I particularly like the Outer Skirt Steak cooked with skin on. It comes with some sea salt which I love sprinkling on top. I would suggest not ordering as many appetizers and splurging your appetite on the meat instead. Also have a really great wine selection.We happened upon this restaurant when we were unable to get a table at Cochon. The best accidental discovery ever. We both enjoy steak, perhaps my husband even more than me. This is possibly the best steak we've ever had, and we're from Texas. We were concerned about having to wait because it was a Friday night and we didn't have a reservation, but the wait was less than 15 minutes, just enough time for a quick drink at the bar. We started with empanadas and a bruschetta that was not on the menu. Perfection! We ordered the filet medium rare, which seems to confuse some chefs. Not here. The steak was perfectly cooked, a nice crust on the outside and lots of cool pink on the inside. Our server was very knowledgeable and present but not overbearing. The wine list was on the small side but interesting. I hate to pick favorites, but I think this was our best meal in New Orleans.Spectacular! We ordered the Chef's tasting menu which was great value and devoured it. The steaks are nothing short of perfection here. Cooked perfectly and the texture is top notch. Definitely get a Pisco Sour cocktail - as a Chilean I can vouch for its authenticity. Although if you like scotch or whiskey their selection is very impressive. The staff was very knowledgeable about the menu and wine list and so very attentive - even crawling partially under the table to fix a slight tilt we had (that I hadn't even noticed). This visit was better than my first (which was still great) so it's nice to see them improving and doing so well. Definitely coming back over and over again.Great atmosphere. Great service. Excellent wine choices. Best Brussels sprouts ever. Outstanding steaks. Place was full. A little loud but really well worth it. Highly highly recommend!!!!La Boca is, by far, my favorite steakhouse in New Orleans. Ruth Chris has nothing on this place! I would recommend going with a few friends and trying the chef's tasting menu (only available to parties of four or more). You will not be disappointed!One of my favorite steakhouses. I love the bone in filet but all the cut are great. The Brussels sprouts are the best I've had and the fries are addictive.The best restaurant I have been in a long time. It is so good we came back the very next day again. 
Heart of palms salad and flank steak were to die for. But the best french fries in the world."I cut my last bite of steak in half because I didn't want it to end"
Great.  Where to start.  Steaks.  Cooked to perfection, the style and taste are amazing.  The steak doesn't need any of the sauces they provide.  With that in mind, they are so good you have to use them.  The green is my favorite I often ask for it first to dip the bread in.  Sides- I can't stop ordering the asparagus.   One day I will try everything else.  The bartenders are great, friendly and make a consistently great manhattan.  They let you taste the wines to find your desire.  Overall a phenomenal place.  Oh. Watch your head on the way in!
Update.  This visit topped them all. Here is the quote for the New York Times.  "I cut my last bite of steak in half because I didn't want it to end"The melted cheese appetizer was delicious. French fries as good a advertised. Steak was so tender and well seasoned. The 3 doing sauces for the steak were amazing. Top 3 steak ever for me.Had a wonderful New York strip here with some grilled cheese to start. Fries very unique. Quick and friendly service. Thoroughly recommend.It is a reasonable place, the star is obviously the sweetbreads, grilled to perfection. The steaks were median, asked mine to be medium rare, and It came a little bit more charred than "black and blue", maybe it could be called a really rare medium. The empanada dough definitely needed more help, it was hard and not flaky as expected. The ambience is nice, it is a cozy restaurant, with the standard expected for such a price range. (and thankfully without too many "gauchos" decorations).
The service was median, the waitress should read a little bit more about the culture of the Pampas, but I recognize it's not her fault.
Overall a good restaurant, may go back for the sweetbreads.La Boca is an Argentine style steak house that my dinner club ate at recently and we loved it. We got the family style menu and was recommnended some lovely South American red wines. 
The meal was a little meat heavy, but we had plenty tasty dishes to to sample. If you like well seasoned meat, try this place.I had elevated expectations of La Boca. The food delivered, but the service was unbelievably uneven and lacked the professionalism that you would expect at such a restaurant. The "is everything ok" every five minutes was distracting at best.
   On to the food...We started with the Bruschetta with smoked drum and onion jam. Neither of us cared for the dish all that much. It seemed a little wet (perhaps from the watery jam) and the flavor was thin.  The heart of palm salad that came next hit it out of the park. Finally, the steaks. Ahh, the steaks. The beef was spot on. After you order your cut, they come out with a case of knives and you select the one you would like- a fun touch. Your steak comes with a side of three sauces, each is delicious in its own right. I suggest picking a favorite, but also, make sure to save a few bites to enjoy sans sauce so that you can really appreciate what a fine piece of meat you are enjoying. 
   The side items are a la carte. We got the house fries (very good) and the flash fried brussel sprouts (absolutely divine!).  While too full for dinner, I did manage to squeeze in  glass of Argentinian Ice Wine. All in all, a fine meal, sullied a bit by the service, but  I would certainly go again.Got the skirt steak and I wan't dissapointed.  Very tender and the dipping sauces were fantastic.  I got a side of fries and beware, the portions are large.  Of you're by yourself like I was, an entree and a side is pretty hard to finish.  You won't be dissapointed.My new favorite steakhouse!  This place puts Mastro's to shame and I love Mastro's.  La Boca serves the best petite bone-in filet I have ever had the pleasure of eating. Truly excellent. The restaurant has a romantic vibe and the staff is attentive and friendly.  They also had a very impressive wine list.  Definitely will be heading back to La Boca on my next trip to New Orleans.I recently went to La Boca with a large group and had a wonderful experience. We ordered the chef tasting menu and was not disapointed. The skirt steak was topnotch. A great time was had by all.2 years ago I would have given this place 5 stars but since the maitre d who originally worked there left- the atmosphere & service isn't as superb. He was great- he pretty much MADE us come in and try La Boca a few years back! HA! Boy, was it worth it! The steaks & service were unbelieveable & a it was a fun, unique atmosphere! It still is fun, but the service seems to have just dropped a hair (still not bad) & the egos have increased a hair. We also did get a bad steak there recently.. but I'm hoping it was a one time event. With all that said- you should give it a try! Great beef!Went there for large cuts of beef and pisco and they delivered. The food and staff were amazing.  Our server Hannah did an excellent job.  We will definitely be back.Had dinner here with my husband who has been several times and loves the steak. Our provolone cheese ap was delicious. Bread just ok. Awesome, giant ribeye that we split, wonderful flavor and texture, marbled and rich, cooked perfectly.  Didn't really need any of the trio of sauces, although they were delicious with the bread. Fries just ok plus, wished we had ordered something else a bit more special. Grilled asparagus very good.  Dulce de Leche ice cream good but not great. 
Service just ok, which is why im not rating higher. Waiter was not what I would expect as this price level. Just kind of stood at our table, didn't intro himself or talk specials or anything until we asked him, weird!  He wasnt rude or anything but i wasnt impressed. Also, I hated the table where we ended up, right by the door with the hostess literally smashed up next to us like she was standing at our table!  And we got to hear every phone call coming in and going out. Would have asked to move but it's so tiny and all others were taken :/. 
So food alone was more like 4 stars, (steak alone 5) service and atmosphere, 2.5 so I met in the middle.  Worth a stop if you love steak and don't care about the rest very much. I'll just let my DH enjoy this one with his work buddies and take me somewhere else next time.One of the better steakhouses I've been to.  I still prefer my steak to have a thick charred crust New York style, but I can go for an Argentine steak every once in a while, especially when it is this good.
- The palm heart salad was one of the best salads I've had in a long time.  The palm hearts were perfectly marinated and tender and blended nicely with the avocado and whatever kind of dressing they used
- My 22oz bone-in ribeye was full of flavor.  It wasn't your typical marbled rib-eye.  It was sourced from some Oregon farm and was meatier.  Almost like a combination NY Strip/ribeye.  I'd say that either this ribeye was not a center cut ribeye or the steer was just very lean.  Still, even without the layers of succulent fat that I'm used to on a center cut prime ribeye, this was a very good steak, especially the meat on the bone.  Nicely charred.  I enjoyed the sauces as well, particularly the yellow one
- The cheesy mashed potatoes complemented the steak well.  I needed something to balance out the savoriness of the steak and the lightly whipped mashed potatoes did the trick
- The flourless chocolate cake was basically a lighter form of a chocolate bar.  In other words, it was excellent
- Service was friendly and attentive20 ounce ribeye cooked to perfection, fried brussel sprouts-delish, corn pudding (skip), watermelon seasonal cocktail -get ten to go. Soooo good. Service was ok. SteakA lot of restaurants murder high quality steaks. La Boca is not one of those. in fact, they prepared one of the best cuts of meat I've ever had. After a night at the opera we had a late dinner at La Boca and had an amazing meal.
We started with a cocktail, a ginger and satsuma old fashioned. For appetizers we had amazing bruschetta of sweet onion jam and smoked drum and provaleta, which is melted cheese, olive oil, and herbs. The bruschetta was incredible. I could have made a meal just of it.
For my entrée I had an exquisite cut of American Kobe cooked medium rare to perfection. It had a charred crust on the outside and red and warm on the inside. Add a little bit of chimichurri on the side and it's an incredible steak.
I wasn't too impressed with the French fries La Boca. While the fries were great they were had a little too much salt and seasoning.
What great meal is complete without dessert? I had the panqueques de Dulce de leche and a glass of scotch. Panqueques are crepes filled with carmelized condensed milk. Sweet, but not overpowering. A perfect end of a fantastic meal.
La Boca is not a place I could frequent often but is perfect for special occasions. And man those steaks are awesome.rivals any NY steakhouse and is better than the chain places.  
portions are enormous and prices
are reasonable.  skip the drinks, concentrate on the food and you'll save a bundle. the chef's tasting menu (tables of 4 or more) seems like a steal at $45/pp.
definitely call ahead for reservations.We made reservations and were sat promptly upon arriving.  Our server was both very knowledgeable and well spoken about the menu choices.  We went with the bruschetta appetizer, which was good.  The wine suggestion and selection impressed me.  We were asked what wines we usually preferred then suggested similar offerings.  Also, a couple of wines were brought out for us to sample before making any selection.  Their suggestions paired great with our meal.  The steaks were easily top 5 that I've ever had.  I ordered the 20oz. Organic Ribeye and my wife had the 12oz bone in filet.  Both steaks were cooked perfectly.  I'm normally a purist when it comes to steaks and stay away from any sauces but I did enjoy being able to add something to a bite here and there with the sauces that are brought out.  I have to admit we were a little disappointed in the sides.  We ordered grilled asparagus, which was good but not as good as how I make it at home, and the mashed potatoes, which were bland and too whipped for our tastes.  With that being said, the sides were both cooked fine, just my opinion.  We sampled the dessert sampler after dinner, which was good offering a little taste of everything.  Overall, we had a great dining experience.  The steaks were amazing, great wine pairings, service was good and knowledgeable, and nice location.  I would visit again and recommend this place to anyone looking for a great steak!This is one of my favorite restaurants.... by far my favorite steak in town! The service is impeccable and fun! I was with a party of 5 and we had the chefs tasting menu and everyone was thrilled! I can't wait to go back!Why I cannot give this restaurant a zero star is beyond me.  The prices are insane, the service is complete garbage.   When asked to separate the check for a business expense, they said they could not.  The manager said "most people are adult about this".  Please don't waste your time or money on this dump.  Go experience the real New Orleans!Great skirt steaks and the best sides. Cornbread pudding, fried Brussel Sprouts .. Awesome. This place expertise is steaks and wine and they know there stuff. Would highly recommend.La Boca's logo is a bull's ring.  On my first trip to this restaurant (at its original location on Fulton Street) the hostess was doting her own prominent septum piercing.  How's that for marketing?
On that first trip to La Boca, I ordered the Entraña Fina con la Piel...and proceeded to have re-occuring dreams about it for years to come, complete with meat sweats.  
Finally made it back to La Boca this past weekend.  I enjoyed my favorite Pisco sour cocktail (a rare species in NOLA), the anticipation mounting towards my order. The waiter asked if I'd had the Entraña Fina before. I told him, "Don't worry, we're 'acquainted.'"
It arrived bone dry and charred.  
My three dining companions could sense the disappointment on my face the minute it was laid on the table.  
Could it be?  Was it always this singed?  Were the visions of meat medallions that danced in my head all those years a twisted memory?
The manager agreed that the steak was indeed over cooked that night.  
The staff took care of everything flawlessly, although I felt like an ungrateful jerk.  I HATE sending food back and restaurants. 
However....the Wagyu that was served in its place may be the best steak I've ever had in my life.   This is the kind of meal in which everyone at the table will be licking their plate clean; leaving not a bread crumb, not an asparagus spear, not a brussels sprout behind.Amazing, food was delicious.  Service was even better, we own a few restaurants in Las Vegas so we can be quite critical.... I have nothing but good things to say about this amazing place!! 5 Star for sure!!! I got the wagyu and it Melted in my mouth, the flavor was intoxicating!!The steaks were fantastic (5), but service and environment...not so great (2-3). We were a table of 7 on Friday night at 8pm and the place was packed.  It was incredibly noisy, and the two servers were forgetful and frazzled.  We were presented with an assortment of knives to select to cut the our steak, which could have been done nicely with flourish rather than, "take what you want."
The move to Tchoupitoulas has not been good for La Boca.
Doubtful we will return.....I took a customer for dinner while in town, well worth it. The steaks were excellent cuts and tasted awesome. I am pretty sure the weights they have on the menu must be after cooking not before, the cuts were huge. We got some mashed and grilled asparagus, but honestly I could have just lived on the steak. The bread they served was an interesting mix between sourdough and corn bread, also very good.Absolutely amazing food.  We ordered the fixed course "tasting menu" and every dish that came out was better than the next.  By the time the steaks came out we were all full, but the steaks were so good we all finished them.  The meal was then finished off with a desert sampler plate that was also amazing.  If I am ever in New Orleans again I will definitely come back.The Hearts of Palm salad and the chicken empanadas were wonderful. A good selection of scotch too. A good place to add to your list of restaurants to visit when in New Orleans.So, I'm writing a non-review of La Boca which I have constantly told people is one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans.    I always tell people, I never thought I'd travel to New Orleans and go out of my way to eat steak.  I've had several good/great meals at La Boca.
My last trip to La Boca was on a Tuesday night.  I walked in at 7:45 pm and the restaurant was about 3/4 full.  There were at least 4 empty seats at the bar and a couple of empty tables.  I told the hostess I'd like a table for one.  She told me she'd have to check with the chef (owner?) and see if he could accommodate me for dinner.    I watched her walk into the kitchen, speak to the chef, saw him shake his head "no" and back she came.  She told me the chef said he was too busy he couldn't take me.  I asked her "you're kidding right?" to which she replied no.  I told her this was unbelievable and walked out the door.  She could clearly tell I was upset.  She came out after me onto the street and told me she wanted to apologize but they were just too busy.
I said "You have 4 empty seats at the bar, so if I wanted to come in for a drink I couldn't have one?" and she said I was welcome to sit at the bar and have a drink.  I then mentioned they serve dinner at the bar and she agreed but said the chef was too busy to serve me dinner anytime before 9 pm (75 minutes later).  I apologized to her and said I don't want to shoot the messenger but what type of restaurant has empty seats where they serve meals yet turns away customers.  It almost sounds like the Soup Nazi episode from Seinfeld.  "No steak for you!"  Terribly disappointing to experience bad customer service.  You serve dinner at the bar, you have empty bar seats, serve me dinner.
Long story short, I walked down the street to Cochan.  They didn't have a single empty table, they had people standing around waiting for tables.  They had one empty bar seat, I took it and ate dinner at the bar.  No muss, no fuss.
Not sure if I'll be back to La Boca or not.  I love their food but I really hate awful customer service & this is one of the worst customer service experiences I've had in years.  If their steak wasn't so darn good it would be a no brainer.Service was great. Apps and dessert were really good. Steak was not well seasoned, but was cooked very well. Seasonal side veggies had way to much garlic. Net is this is a nice place and make sure you order a steak with the marinade or seasoning you like as it's not an American steakhouse with salt/pepper/butter/herbs that melts in your mouth. If I went again, I'd get the house steak which had a nice marinade. The special steak didn't have strong Argentine flavors. Chocolate flourless cake was a hit and I'd order it again every time.Tonight at boca I had a great meal. Truly a fantastic one. However, we had the oddest experience. We were refused wine. To be fair, among four we had already ordered a bottle of wine, and we were hoping to have another. We were plainly refused. The staff was courteous and polite, explaining to us that for the best interest of ourselves and the restaurant (la boca) we not consume/order another bottle. We walked to the restaurant. We are not driving. Besides that, we are in the service industry. We know drunk people. We were not drunk, or obnoxious, or rude. We were customers willing and enthusiastic to spend money at that establishment. So that is that. Im not sorry. Nor am I looking for an apology. My only hope is that the service staff and management of Boca see this and truly reads it with truth. This was our experience. It didn't ruin our day. But it did cause us to pause and reflect. It made us say, would we treat someone that way. Would we do that? I don't know, and I can only answer that question for me. All I know is I work in my job to make sure every day I never treat people with that level of disregard. CheersOne of the best dinners in the city and possibly one of the best steak houses I've ever been to. It is expensive and not a place I would be able to go to often unfortunately. It's a great place for anniversary dinners or if you are celebrating something. The service is excellent and you are always taken care of. They are all very knowledgeable about the food and wine suggestions. 
On the night I went, they had a chef's tasting menu. I don't know if they always have this but I highly recommend doing it. You get to try most of their appetizers, one of their pastas (for us, it was the gnocchi), choose a steak and get a couple sides and a dessert sampler. Lots of food for $50/person. You basically get to sample their whole menu and it's an extremely great deal. Other than their steaks, my other favorite items included the fries, bruschetta, empanadas and chorizo.Found this restaurant by way of our hotel cable station that offers reviews of things to do, places and restaurants to visit while in NOLA.  My party of 5 arrived in the torrential rains of New Orleans, my 87 year old mother included (it wasn't raining when we left hotel) and when we entered restaurant the hostess asked if we had reservations to which I replied, "No."  I told her that the commercial mentioned nothing of reservations which is common for many restaurants and that the ad should say that.  While all of this was going on the person I presumed to be a manager came up to inquire and when I told him of the ad, he told me, "Oh honey that ad is 5 years old" in a condescending tone.  The restaurant was empty, it was well before 8 and given the storm I'm sure parties cancelled later on that evening leaving many tables available, oh well.  Oh yea, and I'm not your honey a**hole!Great building, wonderful food, and excellent unassuming service.  Wine list is small but very well chosen.  Old warehouse atmosphere.  The organic grain-fed beef was excellent and the whole meal wonderfully prepared without being fussy.  Loved it!Incredible. It may not be fair to give them such lavish praise but after our failed dinner attempt at Cafe Adelaide, the comparison between the two for service, food and drinks was night and day.
We were immediately acknowledged, sweet! Given four menus for all four people and told about specials, thank you!  Thursday is service industry night at La Boca, even better! We just looked at that menu, which did not include the pastas and salads but had all the cuts of meat, empanadas etc. 
We got our cocktails immediately, God, I'm really loving this place! Fresh watermelon and vodka, which was really tasty and not watery like I feared. For starters, we ordered the morcilla, provoleta and bruschetta. I didn't really dig the bruschetta but it wasn't bad. The provoleta, I maybe expected more, it was just cheese to me.  A really good cheese appetizer is the fried cheese with lemon at Mona's.  Also, it had oregano sprinkled liberally all over it.  I used to think I wasn't crazy about oregano until I went to Sicily and tasted their oregano and had an epiphany that what we have here in the US is just stuff they sweep off the oregano factory floor.  This was definitely factory floor oregano but not everyone is an oregano elitist like me.  The morcilla though, oh, well, the morcilla.  Fan-flipping-tastic. Just order it and get over the fact that it's blood sausage.  It's pretty much just like boudin so if you like that, you should really try it.
The steaks were out of this world, some of the best steak I've ever had and I have eaten bife de chorizo in Buenos Aires.  Fried brussel sprouts are the most genius thing ever.  Asparagus and fries are also not to be missed.  The brussel sprouts even taste good cold for breakfast.  I can't wait to go back and try the empanadas and the gnocchi and of course, dessert!  Love, love, love La Boca!We have now been to La Boca a half dozen times, and this has been my best experience. The food in consistently good here-most flavorful steaks in town. I also love the chimichurri sauces that they serve with the steaks. I think what made this experience better than the rest is the new location. The old location was dark, dreary, and had low ceilings. I always felt like a giant there. (I am 5 foot 6). The new place is hip, spacious, and completely changes the vibe. The bar is also super dope. It is made of old wine cases that have been sealed with 40 gallons of poured resin. So unique! If you are a wine-o, like myself, you will appreciate the ever changing selection of Malbecs.  Oh, and make sure to get the bruchetta!The ambiance is a pretty sweet mix of swanky -- it's a classy steakhouse yet it has the cool ambiance of a chic modern restaurant. And the steak was cooked perfectly rare as requested. The wine menu held true to the Argentinian region and had some great Argentinian cocktails (although their pisco sour felt a little flat -- I can't tell if it was because Argentinian pisco is different or if it was the mixer's fault...). And while I enjoyed the overall experience, I felt that many things were just a bit off. Some of the pieces of the appetizer bread were stale and the olive oil was bland. And when I asked the waitress about tdifferent things about the menu, she was too quick to dismiss items on the menu as mundane. For example, I asked her about the Argentine cheese and she responded with "oh it's just provolone." While I am distrustful of waiters who say everything on the menu is amazing, I also expect some level of pomp when asked about menu items. The brussel sprouts side plate is slightly breaded which was not what I was expecting, but was interesting. We did not get to try dessert. And while I think there were some loose ends in the overall experience that can be tightened, I would be willing to try this place again!Five stars to me means I loved everything from the atmosphere, to the alcohol, to the service, to the FOOD. While, I wish I could at least give 4.5 stars, there was a slight miss at earning a full 5. 
A group of 4 of us had 4 different steaks, all 4 sides (fries, mashed potatoes, brussel sprouts, and asparagus), the provoleta cheese as an appetizer, and the dessert sampler. I can't really complain about the food since all 4 of us really did enjoy everything we had, but I'll admit I enjoyed my steak from Desi Vegas more than from here (but that's a matter of personal opinion). The atmosphere is also great, as it is suited for a romantic dinner for 2 or a fun group of 10. 
My reasoning for losing a star was not feeling that warm welcome that I half expected from a $400 tab restaurant. I don't need the servers to be peppy or even excited, but the forced smiles have to go (IF you even get a smile)! Don't get me wrong, both were knowledgeable and present, but we always felt rushed to order the next thing. And when server #2 showed up, there was no mention of why he was there. We had to guess that maybe the female server was drinks only and the male server was food only... I still don't know. I'd go back despite that, but I do expect more from a pricier place.First time I have been to La Boca, I have heard a lot of good things and let me say first off they were all true.
Started off with the Gaucho Plate, which had a piece of Chorizo, two Beef Skewers, two big piece of Sweetbreads & two Empanadas, I saw the sweetbreads on the menu as an entree but figured the app would be nice and boy was I right they were amazing with the taste of the grill on them !
For the entree we had a Entraña Fina 14 oz. Outside Skirt--Orestes' which was amazing and 14 oz was ALOT of steak.. and a "La Boca" with lime that was amazing to go along with it we had the Ñoqui "La Boca" a Potato Dumplings with Pancetta, Peas & Cream, it was light and full of flavor.
I WILL be back !On our trip to New Orleans this was a smaller place that we tried and were a little disappointed in.  Not that it is not good, because it is, but it is kind of a hole in the wall and we thought the food was only average.  We started with a baked cheese appetizer which was good, but a little difficult to eat and then went on to a ribeye which again was good, but not great.  Overall nice place, but, in my opinion, New Orleans has many superior restaurants.This restaurant is outstanding.  The steaks are grass fed and are prepared  with  tender, loving , care. Simply the best beef that we have experienced. Try the sides also. We had an appetizer of baked provolone and sides of grilled asparagus. We had the Brussels sprouts on another visit and they are delicious. The server was very knowledgeable. Ask Ryan for his recommendations and you will have a wonderful experience.Wow! So fun with a group and everyone has to get the tasting menu because it's easy and perfect. Everyone chooses their own cut of beef then you all share sides plus salad and appetizer for each person. Delicious and perfectly grilled steak! Haven't eaten a steak that tasty in a long time! Awesome service too.I always try to find the best steak in any city I visit. After much research before my trip to New Orleans, I chose La Boca and was not disappointed.
 I was so excited for my 24 oz. cowboy cut, bone-in, grass fed beef Ribeye, and it did not disappoint. Done perfectly, flame seared and cooked to my specifications. Rich, quality flavor. The grilled asparagus was a nice compliment as a side. 
Ambiance- excellent. Cozy, I sat at the bar, looking directly into the kitchen watching masters at work on flaming grills. The bartender was a great host, insightful and honest. The service was super friendly and the food outstanding.Perfect steaks, delicious homemade sauces, awesome deserts! The atmosphere is relaxed but classy, friendly waiters and the price acceptable for the great quality! Highly recommended!Excellent restaurant!
My favorite things are the gnocci, skirt steak, sweetbreads, and Brussel sprouts! The wine will knock your socks off too. Not necessarily cheap, but compared to other steakhouses of the same caliber, it is priced very well! Portions are pretty generous too!I was wondering around the warehouse district and could not find an open restaurant.   after my fifth attempt to eat somewhere I was sent to La Boca.
La Boca is an OG steakhouse.  What's an OG steakhouse??  well it's one that where you have to order your meat and sides separately.  I got the T-bone and my date opted for the skirt steak. We chose mashed potatoes and corn pudding our sides and everything was amazing!!!! 
I would have given this place Five Stars but the Dulce de Leche Ice cream was gawd awful.  it was gritty and graining and really really gross.  We told the server who had also tried it and confirmed it's nastiness.  We were hoping to get another dessert but didn't want to risk it.... I hate it when a meal ends badly... :(Had a fantastic dinner with my husband and son at La Boca. We made reservations for a Thurs night at 8:30 but arrived 20 minutes early and they had a table ready for us. The atmosphere is very nice and relaxed and the service was great. Our waitress seemed a little disconnected but she did a great job and made us feel welcomed and answered any questions we had a about the menu. Everything we ate was delicious and I highly recommend the Gaucho Plate for appetizer. It's definitely not the best place for kids but our 8 year old is used to eating at places that don't have a kids menu and he enjoyed his dinner and the dessert. I will definitely hit up this place again the next time I'm in New Orleans.This came as a recommendation from a concierge, and I can see why. I loved the Argentinean flavor.  I had the Entraña Fina, or outside skirt steak, on a recommendation from Andrew, our waiter. I really liked that he specifically asked how I typically liked steaks before making a recommendation. Understanding that I was looking for a more marbled, full flavor steak, he suggested I try the skirt steak, and when I said I prefer medium rare, he steered me toward Entraña Fina instead of its counterpart, the Entraña Fina con la Piel. After my companion heard that the Entraña Fina con la Piel is marinated and cooked with the "skin" on to a perfect medium well, he was quick to order it. My other friend chose the Bife de Chorizo with avocado slices, cooked well done. We started with the trio of empanadas, which were excellent. By then, we were relaxing and ordered drinks - I started with the Pisco, which Andrew told me tasted like a key lime pie. It was superb. It had that almost-Margarita taste with a great foam topped off with cinnamon. My companions had a Hudson whiskey and a rose wine, respectively. Now, the steaks. Mine was amazing, perfectly cooked and looked so good, I took a bite before I remembered to take a photo. I was also impressed by the marinated skirt steak with skin on it. Despite being cooked medium well, it was very tender and flavorful. My other companion enjoyed her steak, but it was a bit too done for my taste. The three of us shared the fries by recommendation and asparagus. We barely made a dent. The fries were delicious and seasoned well, and the asparagus was thick and firm. We finished with affogato, which was just okay. I've had it several times before, but this version did not have any dark chocolate and very, very little ice cream. What I did taste of the ice cream with the espresso before it turned to espresso with cream was good, but not quite my style. Bottom line, however, I didn't come for affogato. I came for steak, and it was excellent.This place knocks it out of the park! Easily one of the top three steaks I've had in my entire life, trumped only by Peter Luger in NY. We had flash fried brussels, asparagus, and mashed potatoes as sides. Every single thing was phenomenal.
They have an interesting "choose your weapon" type gimmick with their steak knives. They come around with a box of different looking steak knives and you get to pick which one you want to use. I asked our water if it actually made a difference, and he said no, its just for show. But I think it's fun!
I highly recommend making a reservation as it can be very difficult to get in here on busy nights.I honestly don't even know where to begin. I cannot even breathe because my dinner at La Boca tonight was straight up, hands down the best meal of my friggin' life. 
Ron, our waiter, is a steak angel sent from heaven. Heaven is missing an angel, because Ron is literally perfect. We all told him what we were looking for in our perfect steak and using words like "intramuscular marbling" and "fatty" he made suggestions for each of us. And each steak was literally the greatest steak I've ever had. My heart hurts knowing its over...
But before we even delve into the steaks can we just talk about melty provolone cheese appetizer?! WHAT WAS HAPPENING IN MY MOUTH!? It felt like I was eating some sort of ambrosia that steak angel Ron had brought down from a cloud made from unicorn milk and virgin tears. And then I got my steak. 
20 ounces. Rib eye. Boneless. Medium Rare. I can't even talk about it without crying a little bit. I ate every bite and I ate it in a maxi dress. It was all class, guys. All class. 
For sides we got asparagus (big, fat, grilled, buttery), fries (they have to sprinkled with cocaine its the only way they can be that delicious), and FRIED brussels sprouts. Remember the time you realized you actually kind of like brussels sprouts when they're cooked right? yeah me too. AND THEN I ATE THEM FRIED. you don't even know yet. you can't even understand it. but you will. 
And there are three sauces- a chimmichurri, which I put on literally everything and rubbed behind my neck as a spicy perfume (just kidding but I should have in retrospect), a creole mustard based sauce that I doused my sprouts in, and a roasted red pepper (again most likely made with trace amounts of cocaine...it's just the only explanation). 
The bottle of wine we chose- a merlot, malbec, petite verdot, and cab blend was SO on point  that wine list is impeccable and then we got dessert and I literally almost passed out from sheer joy. 
Get the sampler. Just do it. Don't ask questions. 
Ron even brought us strawberrycello (YOLO, amirite?!) and ice wine because he is a beautiful beacon of light in this dark,dark world. 
If you do not eat at La Boca, your life will start spiraling out of control and you will not know why. The reason is because you haven't visited steak angel Ron for some fried brussels sprouts and the most perfect piece of meat to ever take the express train from delicious town. 
And last but most certainly not least is Ricky Lane Banks. If Ron is a steak angel Ricky Lane is steak Jesus. Praise him, y'all. He is glorious. He was knowledgeable, funny, hospitable, and best of all I get to see him again next time I go to La Boca. Which will most likely be tomorrow. 
La Boca is perfect. Thank you to the steak holy spirit who cooked my steak and who I did not see, but whose presence I felt with each bite. Te amo...Will be back this weekend for the third time.  Steaks are perfect, great apps, drinks, service, all with a trendy, yet classy atmosphere.  Go.  You won't regret it.Our dining experience was fantastic. We walked in with a party of four on a very busy  Saturday night. They were very accommodating and sat us at the bar. Well let's get to the food everything we ordered was amazing. The service even better.