Fabulous! Best happy hour, fresh menu, Delish- drinks, if I had the time, I'd come here every day!Tacos.....
The chips and salsa were pretty lame.....and the tacos were ok.....nothing special.....Salsa is absolutely terrible. Chips are great, but man that salsa lacks any and all flavor. No salt in it, no spice, no heat. The sweet potato and pork nachos were okay. It seems like a place that's overpriced and terrible because it can be due to its location. Up your salsa game. 
******************UPDATE***********************
So I went into their location on oak street after a fun night out with my buddy and I told him "let's just go see if their salsa is any different than the other location. Plus, it was Endymion that night, so who knows. Everyone deserves a second chance."
We sit down at the bar and my buddy goes to use the restroom. Bartender asks me if we're eating, drinking, or a little of both. I told him about my previous salsa experience and he nodded. Thinking nothing of it, I go to use the restroom after my bro comes out and upon my return I have the general manager, the owner (I think?), and a chef all gathered around me to have me try their new salsa! Apparently they recognized me from my yelp profile picture, and wanted to leave a better impression. Well they most certainly did. They did something that I'm not accustomed to seeing in restaurants: they cared. 
To veer off into a tiny tangent for a second, of all the restaurants I go to, good food is usually just a percentage or part of the overall experience. You won't go into an Applebee's or Chili's expecting to be taken care of. You go in there, you lock eyes with your waiter's tired eyes, you know everything is nuked in the microwave, you order it anyways, you eat, you pay, you tip, you leave. Don't expect anything magical from Applebee's or Chili's. They don't care. It's a mechanical process that's specialized by corporate heads in nicer places to delude you into thinking you're getting great service, or at least are entitled to, but you're not. You know that. But that's now why you go there. But that's the difference between those chain restaurants and restaurants that care. So to bring my tangent back to my main point, La Casita definitely left a lasting impression on me by showing how much they care. And that's what you want in a restaurant. 
They changed their salsa and I got to try it. Now to be honest, fair, and balanced I didn't like their new salsa either. But if you're going based off of flavor, it was a thousand times better than what I experienced previously. I've worked at a Mexican restaurant where they made their salsa in house, and my tastebuds can't speak for everyone as everyone has specific things they like and dislike. I just happen to like salsa with a bit more heat, tang, and pop. But their salsa is definitely unique and improved.
Have not had an opportune chance to sit down and dine there yet, but will as soon as I can find some time! If you're in the mood for "Tex mex meets Southern California with an authentic Mexican twist" as the bartender described it, then definitely head down there and be greeted by people who want you to enjoy your experience not because they're getting paid to but, rather more importantly, because they care.Stopped in for lunch and had the special which was the LaPlaya and also had the Couchon which were both delicious in their own flavors.  The beef and shrimp were very fresh.  I was also able to try the con queso which was one of the best con quesos I have had in a while.  The chips were crunchy and hot.  The styling of the plate and presentation was unique.  Great waiters. Small venue but very nice.  I'll definitely be going back at some point for Happy Hour.Awesome tacos. Great salsas. Delicious Margaritas! Happy hour 3-7pm. Friendly and attentive staff. Ask for a swirl of Mexican vanilla in you're iced tea. It's like my Abuela is in the back cooking this stuff!Found by chance and loved right away. My burrito was excellent, wrapped in a light tortilla, with a tasty and freshly made filling and perfectly cooked rice. My husband loved his tacos, one with pork and one with carnitas. Personnel was fast and courteous. We will come back!Thank goodness for yelp because we would've never found this place without it. It's a little hole in the wall place very charming. We happened to come on happy hour which was a great bargain we had two drinks and dinner for a little over $20 Great guacamole and simple tacos were just what we needed. Shinon the bartender was helpful and accommodating.Excellent service!! Great happy hour deal!! I only tried the chips and guacamole this time, but I will be back to try more. Fresh and delicious food.We used to go here quite a bit, but haven't been in a few months.  The food and service was always great in the past.  Today the service was completely horrible.  The margarita was the worst I've ever had.  The whole bottom of the glass was covered in salt.  It wasn't drinkable and the server didn't offer to make me another one or to take it off the bill.  The server had a really hard time taking our order.  He was probably new because he didn't know the menu.  He dropped off our food, but left the table so fast that we couldn't even ask for sauce for our tacos.  He didn't come back to check on us until after we were finished eating.  The food was okay, but very bland without sauce.  Very disappointing.Do not go here if you are looking for a value for your money.  Their Tres Quesos comes in a tiny container around the size of mashed potatoes that you get from popeyes.  No lie.  It's $11.00 
ELEVEN DOLLARS FOR CHIPS AND  DIP!!!!   Those chips better be dusted in gold for that price in my opinion!  To add insult to injury there are no prices on their menus.  Is this because they are too ashamed of their horrendous prices?Outstanding all around. Fresh salsa and great service for our party of 9. A must if you want Mexican while in NOLANew Orleans isn't a great Mexican food town but I do come here because their queso is awesome and they have a great happy hour. ($2 simple tacos/$4 margs/$5 sangria) I love that they don't use commercial mixes for their margs - they actually make the syrups and mixes themselves.
Watch out for their seasonal specials - when they have watermelon salsa, you must get whatever they are pairing with it. And if you have a sweet tooth, the hazelnut avocado mousse is fantastic.
Pro-tips: the back patio is awesome for al fresco dining. If you need to charge your phone, the bartender will totally hook you up!Back on my taco binge, I had to find a new place to get my fixing. I like this little place, a lot. Came in on a Wednesday night around 8 o'clock to a dimly lit, friendly-faced, moderately occupied restaurant. We were able to grab a table right away and considering it was such a nice night, we decided to step out back to dine in the courtyard.
There's plenty of seating here, they've done well with the tight warehouse district space. Our server was friendly, but the service was standard. I remember it taking a moment to get our orders together as they input them using an iPad. Seems their U.I. could use a little upgrade for user friendliness.
Margaritas were pretty good, I usually get headaches from em' but I also didn't pound four of them. For the app we got the tres queso (didn't add any meat) which was nice. Came with a ton of chips and you're gonna want to get at that queso fast because we all know what happens when we let it sit for a few minutes. I would have liked a little more of a spicy kick in the queso tho, but I'd get them again.
My date ordered the sweet potato quesadilla witch she (and i) liked a lot, careful tho because they come out HOT! I went with the fuego burrito with a salad and that thing was massive! It's rare that I have to box up a meal but I had to, I would've died trying to put it all away that night. It could have been all the chips I decimated also.
The two of us ate for about $30 or so, not a bad deal. I can see myself returning for more, we were very pleased with the food.
One more thing, my date had been here before and they charged her for something that was wrong, so long story short, she was told that they would put her name in "the book" and they would take care of it next time. Well folks, there is no "the book" so if it happens to you, don't fall for it. Get something written from management.
****UPDATE****
My date clarified that there IS in fact a book. My Apologies to any staff affected.
11/10/2015Amazing food,  cute little restaurant. The staff was very very nice too. Had to leave a review!I wish they wouldn't price gouge people during Mardi Gras.  Last year, I watched a parade by them and it was over $20, including tip, for a margarita and 2 tiny tacos.  These are the same tacos that cost $2 during happy hour, but they do away with happy hour on parade night and charge $5 per taco and at least $10 for a margarita (normally $4).  For me, I would appreciate if they kept their regular happy hour deal or even regular prices, and weren't so blatantly ripping me off like a tourist.  They would get more of my business if they weren't so greedy.  Now, I'm specifically avoiding them.Amazing fresh and tasty seafood burrito. Place is pretty non-descript. Service was fairly bad. (Server first told me they couldn't make a daiquiri, then left her shift without telling anyone.) 
Manager spoke to us and was very interested in our input. I asked if they just opened because the ambiance was sparse and service was weak. She replied that the restaurant was two years old, but that it was hard to keep good help. 
Plate was bare of anything except my burrito. That needs some work too.  Prices are probably too low.
Burrito was excellent, flavorful, interesting, well balanced, lots of shrimp. The rest of the experience needed some work.My friend was in town and we were looking for a good Mexican place to eat that wasn't a bit of a drive - So I found this business on Yelp, the four star review sold me so we decided to go! We didn't get any apps but both of us got tacos (I got two a-la-carte and she got a dinner). I opted for the Cochon de Mexicana ($4) and the  Hasta La Vegan ($4). I started off with the Hasta la Vegan and it was ok - I think I didn't like the grilled corn tortilla but all the insides (Portabellas, roasted cord, radishes, pico de gallo and avocado) was fresh and yummy. Once I took a bite into the Cochon de Mexicana and actually said "OMG I AM SO GLAD WE CAME HERE" the Mexican style pork was juicy and delicious, the picked cabbage was purple and yummy and the ancho crema was delish.
The only reason why they got 4 stars is because my friend got her dish about 3-4 minutes before me (they were still assembling my tacos when her's were delivered). They don't have lemon for the Iced tea...but lime in the tea was pretty yummy. 
Overall I spent about $11 for two tacos and a tea.Was visiting from California and it was Tuesday, so naturally I was craving some tacos. Looked up this place which had $2 tacos and $4 margaritas during happy hour so that already deserves one star in itself. 
We were seated in the back patio which had really cute decor and lighting. Only drawback is that I feel like we were sometimes forgotten about back there. Not to mention the waiter seemed super flustered. Which, I get it, it's happy hour, but there's no shame in writing down our order to make sure you get it right. 
Ended up getting a few tacos and chips with guac and queso dip for the table. Carnitas was great but the tortillas were not top notch. Maybe I'm just a CA taco snob, idk. I heard the guy from the table next to me ask the waiter what carnitas was so maybe Mexican food isn't the specialty around here... The guac and queso dip were both top notch though so extra points for that.
Would definitely recommend this place to a fellow out of towner looking for some good Mexican food or for anyone looking for a solid happy hour.Went for happy hour. Ordered the simple tacos. Delicious! My friend is vegetarian and ordered the veggie tacos. She loved them. The taco fillings were substantial. For $2 they hit the spot. Also ordered the guacamole. Couldn't stop dipping and adding it to the tacos. The sangria was refreshing and went well with the tacos. Will go again for happy hour specials!Finally a great taco spot! I'll stop being a grump now.La Casita on first glance looks like it would be a fantastic little Mexican joint, but there was plenty of disappointments on my visit. The service is pretty lousy. I found myself sitting with an empty glass far too often for my liking. The bathroom was filthy, and doubled as a storage closet for the restaurant. There was trash on the floor and it was pretty dirty in general. The food was not too good as well. I had the mission tacos, which were shrimp tacos with a pickled slaw and avocado. The slaw greatly overpowered the fresh Louisiana shrimp, what a shame. My combo came with rice and beans, and they were anything but spectacular. The rice was boring and the beans were salty with no flavor. I would not recommend this to anyone, the restaurant really needs to revamp the food, service, and bathrooms.Excellent service - delicious food!!   Easy walk from area hotels and shopping- totally worth it.    Casual atmosphere with good tunes and great drink selections!
Wish this place was in Dallas so I could enjoy more often!   Chicken tacos were deliciousCozy atmosphere. Great Happy Hour specials. Strong Margaritas and amazing tacos. Must try Guac and chips!On a hot day we popped in for a quick drink after visiting the Southern Art Museum nearby. We took a seat at the bar and were greeted right away. The place is very upscale, prices for drinks seemed a little high. I went for a Strawberry Marg which was about $10 but it was absolutely delicious. The two girls who were behind the bar gave us some good ideas for other things to explore while in town. Their menu looked pretty tempting, might have to try their tacos next time we are in town.Simple tacos with amazing flavor.  Loved the guac and margaritas too.  Highly recommended.I owe all the credit for this one to the Yelp NOLA crew. I was staying at the Lafayette Hotel and wanted Mexican food without having to walk too far, saw this was nearby and stopped in. Its a small place, but I instantly felt welcomed by the waitstaff. We walked in just in time for Happy Hour so we took FULL advantage. I ordered the Margarita ($4) and my co-worker ordered the Mojito ($5) and then we decided to try the chips and with guac, salsa, and queso. DELICIOUS and very filling! As if that wasn't enough, we went in for round 2 with drinks (naturally, it's New Orleans and a Wednesday, why not?) and ordered the Pork and Sweet Potato Quesadillas to split. OH MY. One of the best quesadillas I've ever had. The succulent pork was a perfect complement to the sweetness of the potatoes and then add Manchego, one of my favorite cheeses, and a spicy smooth ancho chile sauce and you've got a winner!
If I'm in the Warehouse District any time soon, I'll be headed back to La Casita for sure! Next time I want to try their tacos...They don't usually take reservations, but saved us a table for six for my wife's birthday.  We accidentally ended up there during their happy hour from 3 PM to 7 PM every day. It was a great atmosphere, and the food was very good. Wait staff was very attentive to our needs.Bought a Mardi Gras package online. Don't do this save your $$. For the amount of money you could feed 4 people plus drinks! Felt very ripped off. Buyer beware!Great staff and location! The happy hour deal for tacos you cannot beat! The tacos are fantastic and the meat is so tender. They source some of their meats from two-run farm among other local ingredients.We came here with two small children, which I don't recommend, but they were nice and accommodating anyway. Going to a not family oriented place with two little girls can be quite a task. The place is tiny and probably best for a girls night or drinks post work day for happy hour. They were close to the children's museum and made a good spot for an early post play date dinner. 
My friend is vegan and allergic to onions and the waitstaff was patient and very attentive to make sure she was happy and avoided cross contamination on her veggie tacos. The girls enjoyed chips and queso, as well as a cheese quesadilla. I loved the queso. I don't identify with the velveeta comments I have seen on other reviews. It was comparable to Felipe's queso, with a nice amount of chopped fresh jalapeño on top. The chips may not have been house made but we're really good too. My sweet potato and pork quesadilla was great but very messy. I had to eat it with a fork because of the mass amount of goopy mashed sweet potatoes inside. I disliked my pork taco. I love carnitas and judge a taco spot by their pork. It has that strong almost gamey flavor that pork can get when over cooked, reheated or under seasoned. I haven't had this problem with many other taco places in town. The wait staff was definitely busy, but very efficient. We never had to ask for something or wait to be taken care of. Our check was only $30 for the 4 of us. We skipped drinks in the interest of parent mode but I wanted to try a margarita. 
Will I go out of my way to stop here again? No. 
Will I consider it if I'm in the area? Yes! But mostly for the sweet potato and pork quesadilla. It was the highlight of our visit.I love that so many new places are opening close to me... this being one of them.  I was thrilled when I discovered them while looking for something to do for Cinco de Mayo.  Sadly though, they aren't open on Sunday's.
Cocktails: the sangria needs help but the margarita was close to perfection.
Food:  simple tacos fixin's were great but the tortilla needs help; the queso got hard pretty quick and the chips were nothing special... just your average tortilla chips
Wait staff:  Very attentive and sweet
Atmosphere: it's small but I like small places; well decorated and has a nice courtyard but that could use a little sprucing up
I really hope this place makes it.  They are on my way home and would love it to be a regular thing. I'll come back later and update my review.Love their happy hour.  The margaritas rock!!!! and the mojitos are yummy too.   They have amazing $2 tacos and its half off guacomole, salsa, queso.  My family and I can't decide which one is better because everyone in my family have a different favorite.  The only thing that could be better about the place is to liven up the courtyard a bit. Maybe add some more plants and some lights strung across for more ambiance.  Over all love this place.Great burrito featuring the best of Mexican cuisine. The food lets the ingredients do the talking rather than being overloaded by sauces, cheeses, and dips. Service is attentive, and it is an overall wonderful experience.LOVED the salsa -- absolutely fresh -- not too hot, not too mild.  
The brisket taco was to die for.  No, really.  It is, hands down, the best taco I have had in Louisiana.  
I also enjoyed the fresh, home-cooked pinto beans.  
We had pleasant, attentive and efficient service.I love this little place! We went here with a group for happy hour. I'll admit it is a little small but they have have a back patio, had it not been freezing we could have sat out there. I loved our waitress, Heidi.  She was very accommodating with our chaoticness that we brought. She willingly moved tables around to make space for us and she separated checks for us! She was on top of our orders without ever writing them down. I had the sangria which is a white sangria and it was yunmy. Dont eat the fruit in there unless you are really prepared ;-) the sweet potatoe and pork quesadilla was really good. My hubby got the gigantic burrito which puts izzos illegal burritos size to shame. The guac was half off but there was so much of it! And the queso had a kick to it plus there was pulled pork in it. I will be back!Best tacos I've had in a long time. The service was speedy, and the staff friendly. The chips and salsa weren't anything special, but I didn't go there for that. 
Yummy, and I'll be back.This was a gem of a find. Best burrito I've had in a long time. 
We arrived with a large group of 12 people and were seated in a booth across from the bar. The server was very attentive and made sure we were taken care of right away. 
The food was amazing. Everyone in our group loved their order. Even the kids ate everything they were served. 
Will definitely be going back here next time we are in NOLA!Awesome happy hour! 2$ domestics and 1/2 off guacamole. Good service and nice atmosphere.review is only based on a walk in and out experience. It was packed, which I don't mind. you have to go to the bar to order, not my thing. we left. very small place tooOk. Who goes to New Orleans for Mexican food? A vegetarian of course. This place is great.  The guacamole they make fresh. The cheese dip is hot served at the table, the salsa is yummy and has chunks of avocado in it. 
I got there before 7 pm so the veggie tacos were on special. 
The place was full, people were really into a Saints game. 
Warm friendly atmosphere. 
Recommended.Excuse my French, but Holy Shit, Shove Me In It... La Casita's Hazelnut Avocado Mousse just made sweet, sweet love to my taste buds and kissed me on the forehead whilst whispering sweet nothings and slipped away into the afternoon like a dream...(btw- Heidi is a local treasure)After one Wednesday at the Square we were roaming the Warehouse District when this heavenly aroma directed us to La Casita.  
* Picturesque. 
* Quaint. 
* Cozy. 
In other words very small inside but quite charming. We sat at the bar and decided to start with a couple of top shelf margaritas'. The bartender was not the friendliest, as a matter of fact she appeared to be either quite put out that customers had arrived, or she just had no personality. We'll go with no personality. After being ignored, apparently for not ordering immediately as our asses hit the seat, we finally were spoken to, and were able to place an order.
* Margaritas. Excellent.
* Tacos. Tasty but very, very, very small. 
I hope this wasn't indicative of La Casita's standard fare. Our first impression was that we liked the placed but it was quite pricey for such measly portions (and we aren't huge portion lovers - yet these left a lot to be desired). I will say the tacos didn't appear to be as advertised on menu!! Later after checking out Yelp- believe me the food wasn't up to any of the rave reviews. Our experience that night would say - skip the food. BUT, as La Casita has received many first-rate reviews, our margaritas' were excellent, AND the aroma (which is how we landed there) was divine, we plan to give it another go in future.Found this place and I'm so glad we did. Make sure to stop in at happy hour for $5 margaritas which were delicious. They also have $2 tacos and other great deals. Coming from a Latino family, I think that this food tasted pretty authentic, especially the rice and the chips and guacamole. If you're not up for tacos and want to try something lighter, the chipotle Caesar salad is fantastic. It doesn't really taste like a Cesar salad, but it had a great creamy and spicy taste. I just tried that from someone else's plate but it was my favorite. All this great food, combined with really friendly and fast service and a hip atmosphere makes this a must visit place if you're looking for a break from Cajun cuisine.New Mexican place of which there are very few in Nola especially downtown. Good, fresh rice; not dry and clumpy. Same for tortillas. Very good, fresh food overall. Happy hour looks to be decent also.Great margs, and the sweet potato quesadilla was very tasty!!! I'll be back!Fun hip little place specializing in specialty tacos. The menu beyond that is very limiting but if you like tacos give it a try. They are ala cart style so you can mix and match flavors. The salsa are HOT so use caution before piling it on. The pineapple salad was larger than expected and was meh. Nice selections of beers and drinks. The two issues I had was the pace. The entrees took about 40 minutes to come out after the salads and the place was not busy. The tacos are simple and basic so not sure what took so long. And the music was cranked would have been nicer to have it a little quieter. But all in all I would go again.I'm from San Francisco and grew up eating tacos in the mission district my whole life. These tacos hold up to anything I can find in the city! So fresh, flavorful and creative l! I highly recommend this place to scratch your taco itch. The happy hour menu is not to be missed either. I'll be back to explore some delicious sounding drink creationsHH prices are awesome! My group enjoyed our tacos, margaritas and mojitos - no complaints on the food especially for the price. Small interior so the five of us had to sit in the patio in the back - so not ideal for a large group.Excellent food and service. The taco combination platter allows you to choose among a bevy of fresh local ingredients. The accompanying beans and rice are perfectly seasoned. Don't miss happy hour.Absolutely perfect!  We just wanted a quick, inexpensive snack and their tacos were excellent!  Hasta la vegan, veggie and shredded chicken were just great!  Margarita was delicious and the service was wonderful.Chill spot. -
Hanna the miss behind the bar made me a few tasty drinks and served us food. 
Delicious shrimp burrito
quality queso dip.
Great happy hour place in the CBDIt is an insult to call this Mexican food. Flavorless and expensive for what it is. Really not good.
I understand you are busy and that is a good problem to have.  Unfortunately when I walk in and everything is out, if you start scrambling to find some ingredients to fill the void, the end result is changed.  We had the Fuego and Cachon, which we decided on because you where out of beans. So beans and avocados are 86, which makes perfect sense, why have two of the biggest staples of the cultures cuisine. The Fuego meat was not bad, but the cheese goo (you where out of Monterey Jack cheese) was bad. The Cachon meat had no flavor, the rice in both burritos lack seasoning and was under cooked. Also the pickled cabbage, if pickled, was not good. 
On top of it all the waitress was not seen after someone else dropped off our food. The bright spot the salad with pineapple dressing was good.  Unfortunately you only get one chance for a first impression, my impression was I was robbed. So you won't get another chance, but I hope you can improve and what other reviewers have said is true. IGreat little place for guac and chips and tacos.  Ive had tacos all over the place, Mex too, and these were really good, some of the best.  Waitress was extremely nice and helpful with the menu.  Prices are a bit high but totally worth it.  Happy hour is probably the time to go.  I went early on a Sunday and not crowded.  Enjoy!!Loved the quiet atmosphere and very reasonable prices. Two simple tacos for $10. I could only eat one! Decent margarita during happy hour for $4. Wait staff very friendly and informative about local music venues.In town for a few days and yelp did not disappoint in helping chose excellent spots. 
This is a cool little hole in the wall. Great margaritas. Excellent chips and salsa. And the house tacos were unique but expertly crafted with fresh ingredients and a great play of favors.I was searching for local restaurants away from the tourists traps during my visit to NOLA, and happily Yelp led me to La Casita. This tiny restaurant is small but mighty. There were only a few tables in addition to a large bar, but thankfully there was a table available when we arrived. Our server was attentive but not overbearing, and gave us a very knowledgeable run-down of their menu offerings. The drinks were strong, tasty, and reasonably priced. We started with the Tres Quesos, which was great. Between the two of us we tried all four of their specialty tacos, and all of them were winners. I especially enjoyed the Cochon de Mexicana. If you're going to add rice and beans to your meal, I recommend splitting it with your companions. The tacos were surprisingly filling. Overall, a great experience!I can't say enough about this place. Amazing margaritas, amazing tacos. Tiffany provided us with the best service. She kept the drinks and the queso coming. I will definitely be back here!!This place is one of my favorites in the CBD if I'm craving tacos and margaritas. Slightly pricy if you don't come during happy hour but so worth it. I love the del fuego tacos and queso! It far surpasses the 2 nearby Mexican places in my opinion. They have a private courtyard in the back and tables near the front French doors which make the atmosphere refreshing and quant.I eat out...A LOT. Finding a good happy hour in New Orleans can sometimes be challenging and I stumbled onto this place by accident. Happy hour is great. As a waitress at a very popular restaurant uptown, I am constantly critiquing other people's customer service skills ( not in a pompous way, but that's just what you do in the industry). Kevin, our waiter, was top 3 I have ever had in this city. Absolutely wonderful. He was fun, attentive, and when I asked a question he gave me a definitive, no nonsense answer (the generic "what do you like better" kind of question). I really like waiting tables as I generally like most people and I know that can be difficult when you are serving for a living but I got the sense that he does too. If he doesn't, then he is EXTRA good at his job.  My shrimp burrito was delicious, guac was super fresh, salsa was delicious but you can get stellar food at so many places here that I usually don't write reviews on the food alone. In fact, the only other review I have written was because the service was deplorable. I figured I should make up for that by commending an absolute gem to the service industry. Kevin, if I open a restaurant in this town, I'm poaching your ass. You are superb.Queso with barbecue!! The burritos are huge & require a to go bag!! 
Cochon de Mexicana - had 2 as tacos
Our slow roasted Mexican Style pork, pickled cabbage, avocado, & ancho crema, served on a flour tortilla.
El Fuego as a burrito!
Shredded Brisket, pico de gallo, salsa verde, and flame-torched Monterey jack cheese on corn tortillas.Bartender was friendly. Server was somewhat slow. 
I got the chicken taco and after reading some reviews, the cochon. Chicken one was so bland and definitely not worth the money. The cochon was good but still, something was missing. Definitely not all it's cracked up to be. Plus they were small. After looking at other photos I realize now I didn't have the salsa verde on my plate either. 
Also, I hate when places charge for chips and salsa. 
The best thing I had was my beer!Came in for happy hour because the deals are great. $2 tacos and half off queso, $5 mojitos...who doesn't love that? My stomach that's who...got home and had terrible stomach issues. Called the following day and they said, "they would investigate and call me back." Never got a phone call back. I'm all for good service but we were nagged every 5 minutes to order our food. Was impressed my first time I went but disappointed in the second time. Won't be backA little gem among all the Art Galleries on Julia St. After a stroll through the galleries a group of us ended up at La Casita. It is a very nice, small establishment that prides on all their original food ideas. Had the guacamole and queso with chips. They were both to die for. The guacamole was fresh made and very chunky. It made for a delicious texture and a must if you go visit. The queso was creamy and had a great kick to it, not sure what type of hot pepper it was made with.
And then we get to their tacos. I had a combo of The Mission and the Cochon de Mexicana with some rice and beans. Both tacos were delicious and very well made.
Hands down I will be visiting this place again. Monday's is Margarita Night and Tuesdays are Taco Night.They wouldn't honor the lunch special price even though they were advertising it for at least 2 weeks after I went (they said the special had ended.) 
I had a couple chicken tacos, which were okay. Not much flavor in the meat and covered under a mountain of onion. Not a whole lot to enjoy about my visit. The service was friendly enough though.I was in town for a few days and was using yelp to scope out places to eat. This was the best place we ate at by far. 
Their happy hour special is great. Highly recommend. Plus with corn shell tacos they are gluten free!Happy hour margaritas and simple tacos?  Yes please!  We were in New Orleans for a girl's trip and really wanted Mexican one night, so we decided on La Casita.  The place was so good that we came back the next day for happy hour again.  I would say that the best taco was the El Fuego.  It has shredded brisket, pico, salsa verde.  It is covered in jack cheese then flame torched.  But honestly, everything that I had was very good and very well seasoned.  We also ordered the 3 cheese queso and the guacamole for the table, and both tasted great.  Out of the two, I liked he guacamole the best.  The margaritas were also very good.  I had both the watermelon and the lime for happy hour.  My friend had the pineapple cilantro rita, and she said it was one of the best she has every had.  If you haven't been to this place, you should go!This place is pretty good for some tacos! As stated in other reviews, I am pretty picky. I just get the tacos with meat only....but they're still great! I usually get the rice and beans, as well. The rice is a hit or miss; sometimes it's good other times not so much. Last time I went, it was overseasoned and undercooked. The beans, on the other hand, are always very good. I really like the queso a lot, and the guacomole is not bad, either. I highly recommend the carnitas taco. I also like the brisket taco.  All of the servers are very friendly and efficient.Great food! Laid back atmosphere... Casual dining. Court yard seating. Great Sangrias but watch out it won't take much...This place is so cute. Margaritas were great ,the guacamole fantastic and the tacos yummy. The bartender was very friendly and attentive and knowledgeable. She suggested the brisket and the Carnitas tacos. They did not disappoint very very good. Definitely must go eat here will not disappoint!Friends of mine and I have eaten here several times. We have never be a bad meal. All of the ingredients are very fresh and the owner John Michael is super accommodating.  This is a great pre-Saints game hot spot.First date was here the night before thanksgiving. We've been back many times. The ambiance is low key and personal thus  Highly recommended for the occasion of a first date.  The happy hour is great and worth making time for. $4 margaritas and $2 tacos so you are not breaking the bank if it doesn't work out.Amazing guacamole.  Awesome salsa.
I had a crawfish taco (when in NoLa) and it rocked!!
The owner was so nice.  The place is really cute.
Loved it!!Nothing special. Also happy hour deal of  $2 domestic beer is total lie. I ordered the NOLA beer - the place is in New Orleans, to be precise-, could not get any domestic than thar, and they charged me $9. Hey, i am  a tourist, suck my blood dude...
Quick update: same beer, just $5 on le petite grocery's menu, one of the hippest places. Really? Did you need to steal those a few dollars from me? Pathetic.First off - for what this restaurant is, it is good, just not excellent. Fresh ingredients and good flavors. We saw the guacamole on another review and ordered it - it was okay, nice and creamy with jalapenos, but nothing outstanding. We happened to be there for happy hour, which means $2 tacos. For the value, the tacos were good. The special taco of the day was a brisket with jalapeno and a spicy sauce - the best one of all the tacos we ordered (also got chicken and the regular brisket tacos). Our waiter was excellent - very attentive and helpful. The margarita was just okay. I would not go out of my way to come back here, but if you are a looking for a quick taco stop in the warehouse district, this is your place.You absolutely cannot beat the happy hour here! Frankly, I would go back for the tacos and pay full price. The guacamole was chunky and had decent flavor, and the portion size was decent! We sampled all of the simple tacos, which are $2 during happy hour. There was a ton of meat (or veggies, i.e. cabbage) in each, so we separated the two tortillas and made two tacos! My favorite was the chicken, with the brisket coming in a close second. I am not a big fan of queso, but my husband is. I would have to say that it was pretty decent, and the portion of chips that came out with it was quite generous. The margaritas were quite sour. I liked them, but my husband was not a fan. I have a feeling it all depends on what limes are being squeezed and who is putting the mixture together. I was happy he didn't like his because I got it! 
I do have to say that my seven year old pointed out that this isn't real Mexican food, meaning she couldn't get enchiladas. I'd say go in thinking cool taco/burrito shack!
In regards to the service, it was quick and efficient. Somehow our margarita order was lost, so we didn't get them until we were half way through the meal; however, our server realized it before we had to say anything. We frankly were to busy gobbling up the guac to care too much. 
In all, I would highly recommend checking this place out, even if it is for pre-dinner drinks. =)Best salsa I've ever had! The tacos were amazing too! I had a great dinner here and if you're staying in the warehouse district this place is an easy walk. I would have given five stars but I had to keep asking for stuff that should be a given. We didn't get plates, silverware, or napkins. I had to ask the bartender for silverware and I got two forks from him lol one of them a steak fork and try eating side dishes with that. So even though our waitress was a sweetheart the restaurant needs better service but I would still go back. The food was that good.Located in the Arts (Warehouse) District, this small restaurant has an attractive exterior and interior, with a focus on its bar and nightlife. We ordered the Pulled Pork Burrito and the Shrimp Taco. Both were not exactly excellent, but very good. The waitress was pleasant and prompt. I'd go, again. Prices were in line with this part of New Orleans (section of downtown). RJTBest Mexican spot for a quick taco and drink. Small quaint restaurant. Very good for happy hours!The menu here had common Mexican choices with deliciously uncommon ingredients. It was a delicious meal without being too heavy. I had la playa taco with shrimp and their house spinach salad with pineapple. I definitely recommend eating here!Yummy street tacos, margaritas half price 4 to 7, nice crowd in the middle of the warehouse district in NoLaThe virgin drinks: the seasonal fruit was pineapple but the drink had little fruit in it. And wasn't too tasty, thankfully the drink itself didn't have too much added sugar. We had the quac, salsa, queso dip. Surprisingly the guacomole and the salsa were bland, the guacomole didnt have enough lime or salt.  Quite a letdown. The queso was ok. We also ordered a vegetarian taco, and it didn't perturb our tastebuds either.LOVED this place. Their outdoor patio was an oasis - a respite from the crowded and hot streets. There was an art walk event and we could not find anywhere to go- but this place had an awesome happy hour. Tacos were delicious. Mojitos and margaritas were delicious and packed a punch. Chips and salsa hit the spot. Our waitress was lovely and accommodating and QUICK!!! Totally hit this place up for happy hour after one of the museums. I was impressed.We visited La Casita during Mardi Gras and had a GREAT experience!  I guess in some ways it may not be the same review as one given during a normal dining experience but I still think it's important to review a place during extraordinary times as well.
We bought a "package" for the the 3 parades held on Thursday night on 2/12.  We arrived just as they were opening (this was our first NOLA Mardi Gras and didn't realize that it would be another hour and a half before any parade arrived!) which was probably a good thing.  We got the "lay of the land," ordered a drink and began our first NOLA experience.  For the package the menu was limited to 4 types of tacos plus your drinks (excluding wine and beer).  Although we weren't guaranteed special parade viewing options, John Michael, one of the owners, had responded to an email I sent before we arrived to say that they were trying to get access to some grandstand viewing for folks buying the packages.  
Since we're vegan/vegetarian, we ordered mainly the vegetarian tacos but I splurged and got a shrimp taco.  Both types were extremely good--the taco tortillas were warm and chewy and satisfying.  And the insides were just as good: the seasonings in both types were tantalizing and we really enjoyed them.  We were particularly impressed that they even offered an vegetarian option that was as tasty as it was!  The tacos made great "traveling" food to be eaten while viewing the parades.  
During our eating and drinking, we met John Michael who wanted to make sure were enjoying ourselves.  He had gotten access to grandstand viewing which he took us to.  That was the icing on the cake!  We had a blast eating our tacos and sipping our drinks while enjoying the parades from the incredible grandstands.
Getting this package was the highlight of our entire NOLA Mardi Gras experience!  Thank you John Micheal and La Casita for wonderful food and a great time during Mardi Gras!  Whenever we return to NOLA we will DEFINITELY be back to visit La Casita!Delicious and a nice reminder of the West Coast.  The owners were friendly and attentive. I'm looking forward to going back ASAP.Margaritas- five stars
Guac- five stars
Tacos- a little greasy. 
Beans and rice- both authentic and amazing. 
The price is a little high but great music, atmosphere, and food.Randomly ended up at this place while waiting for the Krewe De Vieux parade this year. 
As someone who grew up in LA, eating tacos 3x + a week, I can honestly say that this place is surprisingly brilliant. Do they taste 100% authentic? No, but being or not being authentic doesn't necessarily translate to being delicious. I'd say this place is 90% a great Mexican taco, and 10% amazingly New Orleans. 
I got the shrimp taco. It at first tasted like an authentic taco, but the sauce had a hint of remoulade flavor in it, which made it the perfect amalgam of NOLA and Mexican cuisine. It was fresh, not fishy at all, and most importantly delicious. 
I also got a Cochon taco. It was one of those times where I took a bite and kind of had to swear. It was so damn good. The pork was perfect. It had the texture of an authentic taco, but the flavor of New Orleans! I could not get enough of the taco. It was very fresh and every ingredient worked well with one another. 
I don't know if I would send a tourist here, but if I were a local I'd be here quite often. 
-1 star only because it was kind of expensive compared to the area, but that was probably because they had a different menu for the event.Awesome hidden gem we found! Great private back patio, lovely ambiance, and amazing guacamole and queso. BEST HAPPY HOUR IN NEW ORLEANS!!!Great causal taco and burrito place in the warehouse district. Small but efficient kitchen and staff. Their Guacamole is one of the best i have had and is super fresh. The variety of tacos is good and they are tasty and well prepared. Frequently offer creative and interesting taco specials. Also, like that they have now expanded their menu and offer burritos. John Michael and his team are friendly and the service is excellent. Definitely worth the trip down Julia for some fun Mexican food.This place is amazing!!!! great food, great margaritas, and great ambiance! The service amazing, super friendly people! GO EAT AND DRINK HERE!!!!!Absolutely loved it. Went in to see about a bartending job and left with a full belly of delicious food and some great conversation. 
The staff is incredibly personable, and such a cozy atmosphere. 
Tacos were both simple yet complex. Loved it. Definitely plan on being a regular. Definitely the best happy hour in New Orleans!Good food. Okay guacamole. Great Margaritas. Good service. Very crowded with Saints fans for tonight's game against  the Falcons. Love the back courtyard away from the bar. Within walking distance from our Hotel. The Hotel Modern. No car no having to look for parking in The Big Easy.They are great! Here for happy hour , place is full, bartender working hard, attitudes great, checking on me to make sure I'm good, picking up dirty napkins in front of me sitting at the bar AND it's taco Tuesday.. imagined the business yet? ----amazing service!AMAZING! Came here for the first time with a party of 4 @ 8:30 on a Friday. Called while walking over and April made sure we had a table ready for our group when we arrived. The food was ridiculously amazing and service was on point. I will definitely be back.La Casita has a fabulous location on Julia street. Decor is quaint, the restaurant is cozy, and you can seat yourself when you walk in. The happy hour (3PM-7PM) is pretty spectacular ($4 margaritas, $5 mojitos/sangrias, $2 simple tacos, and 1/2 price salsa/queso/guac). 
The guacamole was incredibly creamy and had hidden gems of spicy jalapeño. I couldn't tell the difference between my carnitas and brisket simple taco; nevertheless I feel like the $2 price tag and sheer heap of meat earns them the A for effort. The salsa verde was chunky, fresh and delightfully spicy. 
For whatever reason, they did not have the AC on that day and instead elected to rely on two overhead fans. Thankfully, the waitstaff were super attentive and were on-point with keeping drinks topped off. As an ex-Texan, I weep on the inside whenever I visit a place that charges for chips and salsa. The concept still feels so foreign to me! With Rouses, Juan's, Felipe's, and more in the neighborhood, La Casita probably wouldn't be my first choice for Mexican food. I wouldn't mind dropping by after work for a happy hour margarita and guac though.I must have come on an off day or something because I was severely disappointed with La Casita. My waiter forgot about my group on the back patio and so we sat there for about 15 mins with no water nor menus. Once we got the menu, everything looked fantastic so that was nice. I ordered the pork and sweet potato quesadillas while my friends ordered an array of tacos: everything from veggie to chicken to brisket. I enjoyed my meal, and my margarita was also very good. My friends seemed to really like their food also. However, mine came out 5-7 mins after my friends were served their food, which threw me off since even nasty places like Olive Garden apologize for the plates coming out at different times. When I opened up my quesadilla halfway through eating it, I discovered there was quite a bit of chicken in there even though it was labeled (and priced!!!) as carnitas. It must've fallen from someone else's food into mine in the kitchen, but I was still very thrown off. I understand that they were understaffed and overworked. I only saw one server at the back patio and 2 up front, so I'm wondering what the restaurant is thinking by having overwhelmed servers. The service was horrible, even though all parties were clearly doing the best that they could. There was just a lot of mistakes all around with the entire restaurant staff. On the bright side, the atmosphere is very nice and the food and drinks are yummy. I am not sure I will be back any time soon unless someone that I am with wants to check it out, but Carmo is spitting distance away and I have NEVER had a problem with their service and food (their food is an eclectic array of fantastic ethnic food- best I've had in a long time). So I am unsure that I will return to La CasitaGo here during happy hour - they are practically giving the food and margs away. In all honesty my food and drinks were top notch quality and super super inexpensive. Despite being super busy, the staff was super attentive, friendly, and patient.I'd give it 3.5, and that is only because it is a bit pricey; also they don't do complimentary chips and salsa like every other Mexican restaurant in existence. But the service is good and the food tastes great.La Casita is one of our favorite Happy Hour spots. The fare is all made fresh and tends to be rather healthy (with the exception of the queso, etc) and delicious. The drinks are very creative and the staff is amazing, particularly the owners, who are so sociable and kind. The guacamole is TO DIE FOR. I wish they would get some new, thinner tortilla chips, but then again, the guacamole is pretty thick and I'm not sure a thinner chip could handle it. Great place to watch sports. Complete with back patio. Try the Limonada with a shot of vodka. Delish!Great little hole in the wall!!! Sounds weird but the pork and sweet potato quesadilla is amazing!!!very little potato ...just the right amount of zing. Salsa homemade delish! Tacos were street style and the beans and rice were good as well. Would have given 5 stars if chips were home made. Ice cold beer a plus!!!Stumbled upon this gem while vacationing in NOLA.  This place had fantastic food, an excellent neighborhood vibe and terrific service.  So good we went twice in three days.  I will definitely be back if I have the opportunity to visit New Orleans again!The space has potential, but not with rude servers/bartenders as backed up by their manager.  Our group, as apparently has happened in other reviews, simply left.  There were more employees than customers and the only customers served were one group who appeared to be friends with the bartenders (maybe employees themselves?)
I cannot speak to the food, but why bother when there are dozens of places with good food and service in the area?
As evidenced by my lack of reviews, and sleeping on it overnight, this was a truly terrible experience for a group of locals who live and work in the area.Been a frequent patron for years. This is, by far, my favorite Happy Hour. Inexpensive and delicious veggie tacos, guacamole, and margaritas. What more could you want?! 
I'm so heartbroken that you guys are closing this location. Is there any way to stop this? I know you'll still have your Oak Street location, but I have never bothered with that one. I'm sure it's great if you live in uptown, but Julia is such a wonderful location. It's close enough to all the excitement of all the festivals and shows of the Quarter and CBD,  but far enough out of the chaos to be peaceful. I'm a pedicabber, so it's also easy enough for me to send tourists there for a less touristy option for food in that area. It's such a well known favorite of mine, I've had different friends left and right tagging me in the comments of the news on the Advocate site. Everyone knows it's my favorite. I'm so bummed. Please tell me you've just outgrown the Julia location and you'll be opening another CBD spot soon. Boohoo....Only come to this restaurant if you like ordering food but not eating.
Worst service I've ever experienced. Our group and the table next to us literally got up and left the restaurant together after waiting an unforgivable amount of time waiting and being disappointed. They weren't even that busy. The staff is just lazy, apathetic, and I assume high. 
The incompetent wait staff, who took 30 minutes to tell us the meals we ordered were no longer in stock (30 minutes to tell us we needed to order something else...) and an hour to tell the table next to us they forgot to put in their meal ticket, had both of our checks ready and waiting to give us as our two groups tried to leave. Amazing they could do that but it took over a half an hour for chips and salsa.
Yelp is a damn liar. I trusted these reviews and got burned. The food we did see on our way out also looked very subpar. The tacos were small and just some meat thrown on a little tortilla. The burritos looked like the size of appetizers.
Don't do it. Go somewhere else. Just because some transplants and an occasional tourist give good reviews doesn't mean it is good. Go to Rosa Mezcal or El Gato Negro or Juan's Flying Burrito if you want Mexican in the Warehouse District.I was very satisfied with the choice to go here for dinner. We arrived during happy hour after the Saints game and they have specials with $4 margaritas, $2 domestics and a few others as well as $2 tacos and half off chips and dip/queso. Most of the food (if not all) was gluten free which was good for one of my friends and the food had great taste to it. After 4 margaritas, a few tacos and a chips and dip my total was only $27. Very affordable and not crowded! Would recommend!Have been here three times in the last three months. We love this place. The menu is simple, yet sophisticated in preparation. The staff is friendly and helpful. It is a smaller place but you do not feel cramped. Good appetizers.  The timing of service is good. When they tell you the hot sauce has some kick-they aren't kidding.Gonna run straight out the gate saying these are my absolute favourite pork tacos in the city.  The pork is delicious, shredded tender and never fatty.  Soaked in a zangy ancho crema sauce?  Yes, please! 
They also have some of my favourite queso in the city, and are quite generous with it.  
And... look, guys.  Actually, if I can derail the review here, for just a moment, I would really like to make a side note for all these little kittenheads making comments like "queso tastes like Velveta", because you're precious.  Allow me to let you in on a little secret those of us who know a smidge about Mexican cuisine have been keeping.  All queso- and I mean all queso no matter where you go, no matter what you pay, no matter what else they put in it- is primarily (that's 70% or more) good ol' processed white American cheese.  That other 30% or less might be pepper jack, it might be queso fresca, it might be your grandma's knickers... but all that drippy creamy queso-ness you go so crazy for?  Is pure Pasteurized Processed White American Cheddar Cheese Product.  "Tastes like Velveta", you get a gold god damn star.
We now return to our regularly scheduled review.  
The menu here is both very simple, yet a little artsy - if you can imagine such a thing.  Meaning, there isn't much, if anything, on the menu that's going to resemble a typical TexMex dish.  Think lightly fermented (pickled,whatever) cabbage and avacado slices instead of lettuce/cheese/tomato staples, and not a lot of room for substitution.
But hell, I appreciate the beauty of a limited menu when the food is on point.  I only want to disguise mediocre food under layers of toppings.
They also have a Mint Margarita that is different but good.  Drinks are pricey but decently large.
Food, too, is on the pricey side of Mexican.  Not insane, but lunch rounds out to $16-$20 for food, beverage and tip.  So not the place to go to if you want a bang for your buck meal (but, hi, you're in downtown New Orleans, so... good luck with that).  If you want typical TexMex, or even authentic but standard Mexican, you have other options.
But if you want an amazing pork taco prepared its own special way?  La Casita.  
I am bit sad that other patrons have reported low quality service, since that gets my goat quicker than bad food ever will, and I run around town recommending La Casita to everyone.  I've eaten there a number of times for lunch and while it can be slow, no one there has ever been rude or unattentive, so I won't stop recommending any time soon.
 I will note that they seem to hire less experienced servers for the day shift... but am I going to knock off points for giving someone new a chance to get their feet wet in an insanely competitive industry?  No.  Don't be a dick.
In fairness, I can't speak for evenings as I avoid downtown at night, spots with high tourist traffic, like the plague.  So I'm only qualified to recommend this as a lunch spot.  But I do!  Oh, how I do!I really liked this place.  Went there for lunch and I LOVED the Guacamole I have to say is the best in town.  The shredded chicken and the carnitas tacos were excellent.
However, the service is HORRIBLE, I would say the attitude of the lady behind the bar was absolutely unacceptable, I don't know her name but she wear glasses and has tatoos all over.  She rushed me while I was eating, she was demanding that I pay the bill while I was savoring my delicious taco.
I will go back but I will stay away from that witch, she needs to have some manners or get fired.I love their happy hour special. Really enjoyed the tacos and margarita.This place.... is great. Wow. 
First off, it is SUPER small. There must be about 10/15 seats in the restaurant. It's super tiny. There's a great bar to eat at! 
The guacamole is super creamy and indulgent. It's not watered down thank god and you can tell it's real avocados. I'm craving it right now. Also, the portion is HUGE! I basically got full off of the guacamole.
The tacos are super simple and super fresh. I love the Cochon de Mexicana - the flavors work so well together.
If you're in a rush, get takeout because service can be slow. But it's perfect for relaxing, enjoying the food, and talking with friends.We liked it a lot. Tacos were terrific, as were the guacamole and salsa. The chips are just okay as mentioned ad nauseum by earlier reviewers. That awesome guacamole more than compensated IMHO. 
Service was friendly but undermanned and a bit slow. We were in no rush though so no harm, no foul. Our waiter appeared to be one if the managers and a very nice fellow. He told us up front there would be no queso salsa because he burned it. They were also out of shrimp due to the recent Mardi Gras rush. But everything we had tasted so fresh and great we happily substituted. The drinks were very well made and reasonably priced.  This place is right on the St. Charles streetcar line and there is ample street and private lot parking nearby. We will certainly return.I went for the first time last night and had the guacamole and salsa to start. Considering my personal preference is for a more fresh salsa, and this one had a grilled/ smoky flavor to it, I still thought it was pretty great! The guacamole was delish as well. 
For dinner the beau ordered their sweet potato and pork quesadilla and I had The Mission and The Cochon de Mexicana.  I don't care for sweet potato so I won't judge the quesadilla. The Cochon de Mexicana was excellent! It had the perfect mix of vinegar with the pickled cabbage and the savoriness of the pork and that sauce. Definitely my favorite and will absolutely come back specifically for this taco. The Mission was sadly not my favorite. I didn't think the flavors blended well together, it was really odd. I took two bites and then just picked the shrimp off. 
La Casita is a pretty small bar/restaurant, but it's really cute. It's atmosphere is pretty laid back/casual. I plan on going again!The food was very good and the service was excellent. The only complaint I have is that they did not have booster seats. Holding an eight month old who's grabbing for everything, makes it very difficult to enjoy a burrito that requires two hands.My experience at Casita was a true delight. Their HH is excellent and a really good deal. We had half off the brisket queso that was served with thick crunchy chips and I had a few of the simple tacos which are specially prices at only $2. Washed it down with $5 watermelon margaritas. And to top it off, the service was terrific. I'm certainly looking forward to coming back here.We stopped in after the art walk to get some drinks and a snack.  Our server was the bartender and he was very friendly and attentive.  It's a high end taco joint.  Tacos ran around $5, which is quite steep.  They were good, but not $5 good.  I would suggest getting a taco without cheese.  The salsa and guacamole were both good.  The shrimp cocktail (or ceviche, i'm not sure) had wasabi in it which was also weird.  The payment method was also strange.  They give you a tablet to pay with and some folks (will remain nameless) could not figure out how to use it.This place is excellent!  I know Mexican is not prevalent in NOLA, but if you are here, it's a must try!  Second time here in 2 years. Will definitely be back!What a find LA casita is!  I finally made it for happy hour and everything was great - margaritas, salsa. Tacos, and the service was fantastic.  I'll be back for sure 
PS happy hour 3-7Small hidden place with amazing tacos and great happy hours! Server was very friendly and helped me navigate which tacos to get. Definitely would recommend if you have a free afternoon walking around new orleansI stopped in for lunch and had two of the best soft tacos I'd ever eaten! 
I wasn't expecting a gourmet experience, however both the pulled pork and grilled shrimps were seasoned to perfection, and the toppings were unique and delicious (ever had fresh cabbage on a taco? it's delicious!)
The staff is also very friendly and fun - great experience!I went with a group of 6, couldn't sit us anywhere but outside. Patio is boxed in, regular iron tables & chairs. Very small place, indoor tables hold 4 max.
Food is ok. You in the area, it's their happy hour, have a taco. Everything was a little bland. The most flavorful thing was the salsa. Tortillas were slightly toasted, when they made their way to me, they were cool. They only have margaritas on the rocks. I personally like frozen better. So I'll stop by if I'm near, but won't go out of my way for it. I rather Felipe's.Awesome happy hour! the tacos were great and cheap, and the margaritas were strong. service wasn't great...but they just need to keep it staffed a little better.
Also when I went to pay with a credit card i could only choose 20+ % as a tip..... i dont know that the server really deserved that..Went again for happy hour.  Slightly different experience.  The bartender wasn't the friendliest.  :(  The food was still good though.  I had the con queso dip and fish tacos.  Really good food.This place has the best tacos I have ever had! In fact all the food was delicious. Having celiac disease it's hard to find places to eat but the staff at this restaurant was very knowledgeable as well as very helpful in making sure nothing was cross contaminated. I highly recommend going here!La Casita surpassed my expectations! I had read the Yelp reviews recommending this as a good happy hour spot, so I was excited when my boyfriend and I were finally able to make it down there. We each ordered a margarita ($4) and two veggie tacos (beans, purple cabbage, pico, and avocado, $2), and we split chips with guacamole ($4). The whole meal came to ~$20 and was a ton of food! Over 12 hours later and I am still stuffed! Ok, maybe too much food. In the future I may nix the guacamole (but how can I?! It was sooo much guac and sooo delicious!) or just order 1 taco to avoid the painful stuffedness I've been experiencing all day. 
I went in expecting this to be a good place for a cheap margarita and some chips but was pleased to find that the food is actually top notch. The tacos are served on griddled corn tortillas, and when we asked about hot sauce the very informed server brought us all three house-made sauces to try. My favorite was the jalapeño-- spicy and fresh! This is more than just cheap drinks, it's a nice atmosphere with quality Mexican food and down to earth service. Zero complaints! Highly recommend! (Especially for vegan and vegetarian patrons!)Tacos were good  - Pork was better than the shrimp IMHO. We liked the salsa (fresh flavorful, heavy on cilantro which I love).I love this place!  The guacamole is amazing - definitely large enough for several people!  Their veggie tacos are really tasty, too.  Nice outdoor seating (very limited indoor seating).  Go early for lunch as they get a little rush!This is a really cute restaurant with a great happy hour 7 days a week from 3-7. We ordered the salsa and chips for $2.50. It tasted really fresh and was delicious. We were kind of disappointed guacamole was on the menu but wasn't being honored due to current avocado prices. I feel as though they should reprint the menus, which were kind of warn to begin with. We both ordered a $4 margarita. They were very well made and tasty. For the simple tacos, we tried the pork, brisket, and chicken. The brisket was fantastic! Chicken was good and honestly the pork was good as well but just our least favorite. We both said we would come back and put probably just go all brisket. They serve a nice amount of meet on these. We used some of the salsa and added it to the tacos. Also they serve a salsa verde with the tacos. It's really good and has quite a bit of heat to it which I loved.Wow! We just happened to be at the right place when our stomachs started to growl. The food here is excellent. The tacos were a little smaller than I thought they would be but I would have no problem ordering 2 next time! We plan on stopping back again before we head out of town for good. Yum!Great Happy Hour!!! Now they have $2 Bud Light, Miller Lite or Millers. Half price chips and salsa which were awesome. $2 tacos, $4 margaritas, $5 white sangria (which was very tasty) and $5 mojitos. So far everything we tried was very good. This would be a regular stop if I lived in NOLA.Excellent food drinks (mojitos) and service.    Id make the trip to Nawlins just to hang out for a few hours here!Small cozy place packed with friendly people.  Service was incredible.
We had the 3 quesos dip which is mild spicy with a soft taste of cheese. Also the guacamole which to we added a frisk of lime to make it perfect.
Do not miss the Fuego and Mission tacos!I think Chi Chis made a better salsa.  It was tomato sauce covered with a layer of pico de gallo. And cheap supermarket chips.  On the bright side, the taco all right, but this is not a good Mexican restaurant.Service was good n fast
Not spicy enough to be called Mexican food
Delicious horchata
The chicken on the tacos could use just a tad more salt and it felt like the taco was missing something I just cant think of what is it, It tasted boring.If you want to see a cleaner, quieter, and nicer side of New Orleans, take a short walk to the southwest of the Vieux Carre into the Arts District, and find this nice, little bar/restaurant waiting there like an old friend. 
We knew about the place from the Happy Cow website of vegan/vegetarian restaurants.  So, we searched it out, and we were glad we did.  We were especially happy to find the place during what happened to be Happy Hour.  
At Happy Hour, (3:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m. every day - We were there on a Sunday!), they have great drink specials, and great discounts on selected food items.  To be exact it's $4 Margaritas, $5 for Mojitos or Sangria, $2 for Domestic Beers, $4.50 for the Guacamole, $2.50 for the Salsa, and $4.00 for the Tres Quesos Dip.  The Guacamole, Salsa and Queso dip all come in pretty good sized bowls.  There's easily enough for two people with regular appetites.  
At Happy Hour, you can also get "Simple" Tacos for $2, but it's not clear exactly what makes the taco simple.  I guess the difference is that Simple Tacos are not "House" Taco, which can also be made into a burrito.  The Simple Taco comes on a small, corn tortilla with the varioius items in its description artistically stacked on top.  It is not clear if this can be ordered on a flour tortilla or not, but they do double up the corn tortillas so, if you fold it, it won't break on you.  They are served open faced, and not folded.  
The food, itself, was incredibly fresh, flavorful, and delicious.  It made for a nice, light snack.  The "regular" Margarita was made with fresh, hand-squeezed lime juice, and you could tell the difference.  My wife had the "Watermelon" Margarita that had less watermelon flavor than she expected.  I drank it for her, and I think it had enough flavor, but the watermelon doesn't hide the taste of the tequila as well.  She doesn't like tequila that much, but I do, so it was fine with me.  I still liked the regular Margarita better.  
We didn't get the guacamole, but we did get the salsa, and the queso.  The salsa is homemade, too.  It is perfect, Tex-Mex, and chunky.  It's not spicy hot at all.  It's just a perfect accompaniment to a corn chip.  I guess a peson could have the food made more spicy if he or she wanted it that way, but, if you don't ask for it, you will get a spice level on your food that is suitable for almost all tastes, and tongues.  
The queso dip was nice, too, but, as can be expected, it will get thick if it sits too long.  We put a little bit of our salsa in ours, and that kept it just fine.  
As for the Simple Tacos, we both had two  They do load them up, and they are very nicely presented, but they really aren't very big.  They are more like tapas, than a meal, but exactly what one would expect at Happy Hour.  You are not limited to the Happy Hour menu at Happy Hour.  You can order off the regular menu if you want more of a meal.  We were happy with a drink, the two dips, and two tacos for our dinner.  We were also very happy with the great, attentive service, and friendly, accomodating staff.  The same food and drinks served in a different place with different staff would not be nearly as good.  The ambience of the restaurant, itself, and the great staff do as much for the overall satisfaction of this restaurant as the food does.  By the way, I loved the antique, wooden bar, the open, brick walls, and the quiet, clean neighborhood where this neighborhood was located.  Dining here was more like visiting a Mexican oasis than it was dining in New Orleans.The house tacos were fantastic, prepared with fresh ingredients that melded together well to create sharp , mouth watering flavors.  The rice and beans were bland and less exciting, though they did serve to offset the richness of the tacos.
The ambiance was the perfect mix of New Orleans and that of an upscale taqueria, surrounded by galleries and artist.  The staff was friendly and attentive without being overbearing.  Perfect atmosphere for a quick and quiet lunch.It seemed VERY wrong to be having Mexican food in New Orleans when you're from San Diego. I mean, that's like an Irishman coming all the way to the US to have a pint in an "Irish pub," but desperate times called for desperate measures.
I arrived at my nearby hotel late on a Thursday and starving. Stopped in a few other places and they were either wayyyy too busy to accommodate us, or the service was so slow we would have waited another hour just to get our food. Too hangry for that. Finally, we found this place and it wasn't too busy, so we parked it at the bar.
It's a smaller place with a real nice bar and a few tables. The menu isn't huge, but just enough. Drinks were reasonably priced, as was food. 
I ordered the veggie burrito, and to be honest, it was the highlight of my whole trip! Pinto beans, pickled onion, rice and avocado in a lightly grilled tortilla. Finding vegetarian food in NOLA is no joke, but I would have happily ordered this every night of my stay!
The bartenders were also super nice, helpful and friendly. Highly recommend this place!This place has the potential to be a 4-star place, but isn't quite there yet.  We ate dinner last night during Jammin on Julia, and for one thing, this is a VAST improvement over Foodies at the same location.  That place seemed to be allergic to flavor.  
The decor and service was very nice I thought.  While I would have been happier had the final four been on TV (rather than cheerleading and high school swimming), that's not why we were there.  The music was very good.  The service was EXCELLENT, and we were checked on several times, though not in an annoying way.  Very good.  The place is nice.  The courtyard will be nice when it warms up a bit too.  
The menu is limited, and I wish there were some more options.  The tacos we had were all really nice, though a good carne asada taco would be a good addition.  These are basically street food tacos with thought.  Nice stuff.  Ingredients all seemed fresh and was tasty.  The shredded beef could use some more seasoning, but the port was delish.  The salsa we got as an appetizer was freakin awesome.  The rice and beans that came with the meal were great too, but maybe a bit on the salty side.   That being said, this is a very limited menu.  I wish they would expand to include things beyond tacos.  Get a great ceviche on there!  Maybe some classic mole!  Proper mexican food is such a wonderland, filled with a million things beyond tacos.  Some broadened flavor profiles would make this place rock.  
Cocktails were great!  I love a good margarita.  Prices were extremely fair.  I would gladly pay more for a more complex creation.  $8.50 for 2 tacos with rice and beans is hard to argue with.  
My one real complaint, and this really should be fixed immediately.  The chips served with really outstanding salsa (off the appetizer menu) were standard store bought bagged chips.  They are kinda crappy.  You could elevate this place DRAMATICALLY if you made chips fresh.  At least to this transplant from the west coast, this is what takes a godo mexican place and makes it a great mexican place.  Its easy to do.  It's cheap.  And it makes all the difference in the world!  PLEASE!AMAZING! Had both the vegan and veggie tacos with the spicy sauce. Still smacking my lips as I enjoy the lingering tastes of Portobello's, corn, beans, radish, avocados! And that hot sauce?! Will definitely be back!!Great little find.  Drinks are made with fresh ingredients. The quesdilla with sweet potatoes and pork is the best quesdilla ever. We also had tacos and salsa. Everything was fresh and incredible. Thanks for the great dinner.This place seems more like a bar that serves Mexican than a full blown restaurant.  They have a nice daily happy hour from 3pm to 7pm with $2 tacos, $2 domestic beer, $4 margaritas and half off chips with salsa, guacamole or queso.  The tacos were larger than those you get at Rum House or Tacos and Beer.  The margarita was alright but I found it small.  Overall a decent place to sit at the bar and eat some tacos.Great happy hour specials, which include specialty margaritas, half price dips and $2 tacos. Tacos are authentic Mexican-style with fresh lime and cilantro on a corn tortilla, but have a more modern flare with the addition of extras such as radishes.  Great food, value, and service!Great place! The guacamole is incredible. Friendly service and love the quaint atmosphere. Will definitely come back!Muy delicioso! The pineapple and cilantro margarita was soooo good!  The salsa was so fresh and the chorizo con papas y crabcake tacos were great...highly recommend!La Casita is a great little casual bar/restaurant.  They just happen to sport one of the best happy hours in town.  
I've been several times and have come to two solid conclusions.  La Casita has some of the best guacamole I've ever tried.  It's the thicker style which I prefer.   Also, their sweet potato and pork quesadilla is delicious.  They serve it with an flavorful ancho crema that is a perfect match.  It's a great blend of sweet and salty in one bite. 
Their prices and food keep me coming back on a regular basis.  It's atmosphere is flexible enough for a weeknight or before heading out on the town.  
Enjoy!This is a nice place.  I wouldn't call it true Mexican, but tasty none the less.  I recommend the Mission tacos.  They are shrimp tacos with cabbage and other garnishing.   The margaritas are great.  I would recommend on the rocks.  Happy hour drinks are $4 but if you miss it look to spend $9 a beverage. There also is a patio which I didn't try, but I'm sure this place would be fun with friends!Good service. Decent food. Small portions...and probably the most expensive Mexican food I have ever had--paid over $30 for just a  burrito with small salad and a classic, house margarita.This place has the most amazing pork (Cochon)
Tacos and wonderful salsa verde - hot, hot, hot!  
The roasted pork flavor is incredible !  Don't forget to order fresh guacamole and chips - great too!  Nice, friendly service!  Hope to return soon!Dragged my bum leg over to La Casita for some happy hour specials.  Went for the simple margarita, some veggie tacos, and the La Casita enselada.  
The margarita, made with Herra Dura, Cointreau, lime juice, and organic agave nectar, was tasty but not overpowering.  The simple veggie tacos included pinto beans, pico de gallo, a ton of pickled cabbage, and avocado for good measure.  The filing was so good that I could have done without the tortillas.  Finally, the house salad, the dish I was most excited about.  Spinach, avocado, fresh pineapple chunks, radishes, and red onion drizzled with a sweet pineapple cilantro vinaigrette.
Great food and killer service at a totally reasonable price point.Like it.  Good food and drinks.  Happy hour 1/2 off prices on drinks and Apps.  Very friendly staff.  I've been for lunch several time and dinner once.  Specialty tacos were very good.  Chips and dip sampler was real good.  I made the mistake of ordering full size salsa, avo and cheese dips once.  A little pricey.  I'd ask for the prices before diving into the chips and assorted dips.  They come in a few different sizes.  Overall a nice neighborhood place for drinks and a little mexican fare.  Hard to match in that part of the city.In short - some of the best tacos (delicious topping blends), delicious queso and always friendly staff. Oh and so much gluten free awareness!I really enjoyed La Casita.  The service could have been a little faster, but the delay was hardly noticeable.  The server was very knowledgeable on the menu and had a great personality.  The tables are a little cramped for a party of more than 2, but they have little control over that and have maximized the space very well.  Their carnitas tacos were fantastic!  I really like the ancho serrano (read: hot) salsa they offered as a topping.  Also, the guac was the perfect consistency (chunky with big pieces of tomato and onion). Great spot for lunch and they do happy hour from 3-6.It's always quiet and standard fare with less than hospitable service sometimes. All food is precooked stuff, not cheap either....Was fairly busy evening just before happy hour on last Thursday, was having a good time with friends when I witnessed the server ... maybe manager being extremely rude to a customer who appeared to calm and not deserving the attitude.  Wow!!! Don't bring it to work next time!!!I've been here three times. Twice it was pretty good, so I'm skewing my rating that direction. The third time everything we ate was undersalted, and I mean badly undersalted. I chalk that up to a bad cook on that night (it happens).
Otherwise, service is good, happy hour is great, and the food is tasty. It's also hard to find something reasonably priced to eat in the area so I'm glad La Casita is there.Came here for our first time! Absolutely amazing and will be back. We're immediately greeted at the front. We felt like VIP with three people checking on us. As soon as we sat we got two waters, which was much needed on this hot day. We came during happy hour and ordered the rocks margaritas, which were very fresh. We also started with the quest, which had just the right amount of spice in it. I got two happy hour simple tacos, the pork and carnitas and my boyfriend got the chicken, carnitas, pork, and brisket, which I stole a bite of. All were outstanding!! Our check was definitely a reasonable price after 6 drinks, 6 tacos, and an appetizer later!We stopped into this cozy spot after a day at the Oyster Festival and walking around the Warehouse district. 
Happy Hour margaritas are handmade and the best! $2 tacos and fresh, tasty and filling.
Excellent find!Delishious Maragrita (virgin) and the fresh "chunky" guacamole with chips were a fabulous happy hour treat. Almost went again tonight for more of the same.....We came here yesterday for happy hour and to grab a bite.  Total of 8 of us.  The place is very tiny. We had to spread out over three tables. Service was awful took 10 minutes to make drinks.  I ordered a double margarita on the rocks...Not the best at all.  Had a white sangria.  It was white eine with pineapples thrown in. Awful.  Ordered queso and chips.  It tasted like Velveeta no lie and looked like it, too.  Ordered brisket taco had zero flavor.  Had a carnita taco was better.  Way too many raw onions on the tacos. Totally ridiculous.  The tortillas weren't even good.  Had rice and beans as well.  The beans were okay.  I didn't even try the rice.  We will never return!  This place won't last long at all!I ate here during parades the weekend before the major weekend of Mardi Gras. Walking in, there was no one greeting you, directing you where to go, so the guy and I got in line behind a lady. Turns out she was waiting on the restroom. Oops.
We get straightened out, and are seated. They have a limited menu for Mardi Gras, which is understandable. I got the feeling the servers would have rather stayed talking with their friends at the bar than serve other patrons. We both got a large margarita (yummy and strong), I got a water, he got a soda. We got chips and queso to share. I got the vegetable tacos, he got the chicken burrito. Really, the food was beyond reproach. The final bill came to over $70. That is extremely high. Everything was good, but not worth that much. Seriously.
Well, fed is best, and based on the other reviews, this seems like an outlier. The food and drink get all the stars.I've been here a few times now -- by far the best restaurant guacamole I've ever had. I used to live in San Diego and enjoyed what I consider authentic guac in Mexico and what I like about Casita's is the focus on avocados -- not lime or tomatoes or sour cream. it's chunky and buttery and the corn chips are good. 
I've also had several of their specialty tacos which are good. FYI three is too many for one person but two is good. 
happy hour is half priced dips and drink specials. space is beautiful and cozy and the service is super friendly ftw!Any place that has a 7 day happy hour is a winner in my book! Everything is great about this place, location, vibe, service, drinks, and food! This is a great spot to hit after work for happy hour, but even better for weekends! 
The crowd is always manageable! The place is rather small, but there's just enough seating! There's even a nice little courtyard out back. 
Their happy hour menu is perfect with $2 simple tacos and four options to pick from! Shoot, at $2 a pop you might as well get all four options! They have $4 regular mojitos and margaritas, add a buck if you want to get strawberry or watermelon! Personally my favorites are the strawberry and watermelon, because of the awesome fresh chunks of fruit! 
The servers are awesome, they check on you regularly, and they make sure your glass is never empty! 
I love a little treasure cove like this!So yeah, tacos you can't do that wrong really but these were very meh. Worst thing?? ....store bought crappy salty chips...bad form, its a complete miss...go somewhere else!!!I can't give this place six stars, so 5 will do I suppose. It's that good. Always A1 service and the best tacos in town. I always have the special with cilantro crema or a simple chicken taco that will knock your socks off.The environment in this place is cute and the servers are nice but the food is far from even good. I got 2 tacos. Both were cold and the tortillas were hard. While the salsa was tasty the chips were just regular store bought tostitos. My margarita was too sweet and the bar tender poured everything so slowly it seemed as if she had no idea what she was doing. 
There are far better places around to try.Absolutely great place. Ordered carnitas tacos and they were delicious. Their selection of margaritas was great - I would recommend the Cadillac. The bartender was attentive and speedy (always a plus). It's a small place but that adds a sense of intimacy and also there weren't so many people that it made the place loud or made you fight for attention from the bartenders. I would recommend for a low-key evening with good food and drinks. Great stop in NOLA!The bar was very clean and looked great from the inside. We decided to eat at the patio which was a great decision. We were the only ones back there, but it was decorated nicely. It had the Sugar Skulls hanging from the building and it had backyard lights to create a great atmosphere.
I ordered the 2 specialty tacos (Shrimp tacos and El Fuego) with beans and rice. The El Fuego was very hyped when the server was talking to us, so we deicded to all try it. The El Fuego is flame torched which brought out a great flavor. It made the tortillas crispy and the brisket. The shrimp tacos were cooked perfectly as well and the topping combined very well. The beans I felt needed more seasoning to it, but the rice was very delicious. I also ordered the La Chata. It tasted like a cinnamon toast crunch (Fireball + RumChata). It watered down really quick so drink it fast. 
I would recommend this place and we were upset that we didn't make it to happy hour.I came here on a Monday night which was also the last night of Gambit's "bar week" which included half off dips, tacos, and drinks. The food itself was good but not excellent - I've definitely had better Mexican in New Orleans. They have a relatively simple menu of tacos, burritos, dips, and drinks but nothing out of the box to make them stand out. 
I had two tacos and shared guac with the table. The portions I thought were pretty small but I couldn't complain for the half off price. 
The biggest issue I have with this place was the extraordinarily slow service. In the end, the bartender came up and apologized explaining that two servers no show-ed their shift. We really felt for the two servers that were there busting their asses off but was disappointed in management for not taking some steps to address the service issues - either not filling to capacity or offering customers a free drink, etc for their long waits. We waited 30 minutes to even put in a drink order.
The place itself is half bar seating half tables and relatively large - good for groups. There is only paid parking on the street which is a bit of a bummer. 
If you're just dropping in for a drink go for it - but if you're looking for a great Mexican meal not your place.Was in New Orleans for a friend's wedding. This place ended up being around the corner from where we were staying so we went over for some lunch.
My friends and girlfriend got tacos for happy hour and LOVED them. The place is a little hipster but they seem to make some badass tacos. Good service too.
I ordered the chipotle caesar salad. It was not as great. They brought what looked to be like 10 heads of romaine lettuce on a small plate. It was a TON of food, but impossible to eat without getting salad or dressing everywhere. It was good, but they should really work on making it easily eaten.
Sidenote, this place has gluten free options!!! This was HUGE for the trip!Delicious, fresh, affordable, surprisingly authentic. Friendliest folks south of the delta. Buttery house guacamole and smoky salsa. My pork pozole special hit all the right notes. La Casita truly deserves more cred/recognition!Who knew if come to New Orleans to find the best tacos I've ever had? (And I lived in S.F. For four years) First, I'm vegetarian so I don't often get tacos. The texture, flavor, and presentation are off the charts. The hot sauces are amazing.
The staff are friendly and service is amazing. The ambiance is wonderful, the music is incredible. 
I'm sad that I have to leave here. Very well done folks. I'll always come here when in New Orleans.I ordered take out.   it was pretty decent.   small inside, but cute, and seems like its prolly hopin come gallery shows.    The best thing?  is other places nearby weren't really friendly food wise, but this place?  yes.  I like.   will come by again and spend time inside, rather than to go orders.
yummmm....It all looks good on the surface. Nice ambience, great neighborhood, and well presented food and drinks. 
The image is greater than the actual substance. The food tastes bland and lacks the complexity of flavors normally associated with authentic Mexican food. The margaritas were bar mix, bar tequila and all measured in a shot glass. 
Meh...mediocre.  Staff seems friendly enough. A cut above commercial at best.Salsa is absolutely terrible. Chips are great, but man that salsa lacks any and all flavor. No salt in it, no spice, no heat. The sweet potato and pork nachos were okay. It seems like a place that's overpriced and terrible because it can be due to its location. Up your salsa game.Came here for lunch today and thoroughly enjoyed the meal.  I had an El Fuego taco and a Cochon de Mexicana taco, with beans and queso as a side.  The El Fuego is brisket, pico, salsa verde, and Monterey jack cheese on a corn tortilla.  The Cochon is carnitas, pickled cabbage, avocado, and crema on a flour tortilla. 
The El Fuego was very good - good flavors, good proportions, well seasoned.  The Cochon was not quite as good - the carnitas was good, but the pickled cabbage was a little overpowering.  The rest of it was pretty good.  The beans were pinto - simply done, with good flavor.  The queso was extremely good.  Excellent flavor and seasoning.  
The service was slightly out of whack, but the waitresses were very nice.  And I like that you can mix and match the house tacos for the two-taco deal.My first review of La Casita was right after their opening - and I didn't love it. But I've been back two times recently and it has improved so much! I loved the tacos and super-friendly service. I'll be back!I came here for my last meal in New Orleans with my mom. We came during lunchtime the day after Christmas. We got guacamole, and one taco each. They had specials "Luke Skywalker" and "Darth Vader". My mom got the Darth Vader, which was a spicy taco with pork, and I got "The Mission", which was a mild taco with shrimp.
Our guacamole came out very quickly. It was delicious, generously portioned, and an amazing avocado-to-other ingredient ratio (e.g. lots of avocado). The tacos came while we were still eating the guac, so also very quickly. Both tacos were very delicious! Oh, and my mom got a margarita that was really really delicious. I would definitely come back while visiting again.
By the way, our waiter was awesome. He was funny and attentive, without being annoying. It is rare that a waiter makes you feel that you've had a personal experience, but ours surely did. He told us stories about his life in New Orleans, his love for tacos, and other random stuff. A very memorable experience.Great spot to grab a drink or some super fresh Mexican food. Here are the goods and bads:
1. Happy hour. The food here is delicious but the real reason to show up is for happy hour. $2 guacamole and $4 margaritas and sangria would be worth it for mediocre affair. This is well beyond mediocre.
2. Sangria. Their margaritas are good but their sangrias where it's at. I'm not usually a fan of white sangria but theirs is delicious. They make it with brandy I believe.
3. Veggie friendly. The selection here isn't huge but they have enough to put together a great veggie meal (veggie taco, hasta la vegan taco, rice and beans, and guacamole). Always a plus in my book.
4. Mission Taco. Inspired by my favorite area of San Fransisco, this is the best thing on the menu.
5. Freshness. Whatever taco you do get the tortillas are crazy fresh, which is where you start with any good taco. The veggies are very crisp and the guacamole comes in 2nd only to the table-side guacamole at El Gato Nego.
6. Size. The place is very small (5-6 tables and a bar). It can get a bit cramped and a party of more than 2 could have a wait at peak times and you may have to snag a bar spot if you don't want to wait.
This has quickly become one of my favorite quick bite and a drink places in the CBD. The staff is friendly, they use square to accept payment which makes it easy to split checks and the food is delicious.
Overall Rating: A-We found this little place by accident and we loved it. We were there for happy hour and they have great specials. Everything was fresh and the drinks were delicious. 
We also loved the space. Very comfortable with cool music playing and attentive staff. 
We will return to try more menu options. The salsa and tacos were outstanding.I was part of a group that was going to meet for happy hour (8+ women) at La Casita. A member of our group arrived first and she was going to set up while she waited for the rest of us to arrive. She ordered water and the waiter asked for her ID (FOR WATER); unfortunately she had lost her wallet and only had her old expired ID. The server, and later the manager, refused her service, even though she said she would not order alcoholic beverages. I understand the ID being a problem if she was going to order drinks, but this was water she was asking for. They said they would not serve her friends either and were extremely rude to her. The server even dumped her water into a plant. The way both the server and management acted seemed extremely disrespectful. 
Our whole group moved to a different restaurant and were treated kindly and with respect.
This would have been my first time at La Casita, and I was looking forward to trying their food and drinks, but now I do not ever plan to visit and do not intend to recommend to anyonePretty disappointing, and I came here during Happy Hour when everything I ordered was half-off. I can't imagine how I'd feel if I paid full price.
I sat at the bar and ordered a house margarita. Whoever I ordered it from left. I ordered it again. It still didn't come.
I ordered the chips and queso. The queso was fantastic. The chips tasted like they were supermarket brand from a bag.
Hey, can I get that margarita I ordered? Finally! Thanks. Oh, it's watered down. At least it's half-price.  (But seriously, the weakest, blandest margarita I've ever had.)
I ordered three tacos - chicken, brisket and carnitas. Chicken was the best. They were basically two tortillas (soft tortillas somehow made strangely hard/stale) wrapped around very drippy meat and onions. That's it. I ended up dipping each one in my side of queso, which improved its flavor 500%. Without the queso, I don't think I would have finished them.
As I sat in the bar, I watched as the chef simply reached his tongs in the meat bins, pulled it out and dropped it on the tortilla. That's all the preparation that's involved: Place tortilla, drop meat, sprinkle with onions. Done.
Even though I was SITTING AT THE BAR, it was murder to try to flag down any of the four employees desperately trying to avoid eye contact.
This is a good place to hit after visiting the WWII Museum because it's close and the food will be half-off if you arrive right after the museum closes. Just order a whole bunch of queso. If you arrive outside Happy Hour, you will be sorely disappointed by La Casita.Loved the vegan tacos, fresh ingredients and our food was carefully prepared. My tacos had portobellos, avocado, pickled cabbage corn, radishes and pico! I got the taco combination platter, with a spinach salad. Great dinner and the presentation of the food was awesome!
La Casita has nice ambiance, we went for a friends bday party but could be a good date spot as well.
Our server was nice and helpful, gave our big party separate checks which could be a hassle for her and she was totally friendly about it.
Overall, really quality Mexican in Nola.After my bus back to Lafayette, LA was delayed for 2 hrs I attempted to find a cool place to get lunch and grace you all with a sweet pic... but that place was closed. So, I found this amazing Mexican joint where margaritas flow from waterfalls (not really but if only, right!!???) and the tacos are so delicious you have to devour one before taking a pic. My extra 4 hours in NOLA, although unforeseen and slightly frustrating at first, were incredible all thanks to this place.So this place. We went on a Sunday and I was excited to try it. I always heard about the one downtown and my husband said it was "okay" and a friend tried the new one and said it was really good! Well we sat down with a large group of people and a new right away our service was going to be bad. He came and took the order at one end of the table, and then left and didn't come back for a while! Then comes back and takes our food order. I swear it was like a solid 10-15 minutes. Every time you asked for anything it took a very long time to actually get. Tacos were okay. Beans and rice were blah. I ended up having a short men's hair in one of my tacos so I stopped eating everything but I was never able to tell the waiter because he disappeared for so long that when he finally came back it wasn't worth mentioning. I just wanted to leave. In the end, when we were walking out, we realized he was literally the only person waiting tables. Why is there only one waiter on a Sunday for lunch? That's poor management and also not having like the bartender or bus boy step in and help run food or drinks. They should have worked as a team to help out the restaurant.I had been wanting to go here for happy hour for a long time. Finally did with my friend and sister.  We had the best time.  The margaritas were good. The salsa and guac were delicious and plentiful!  Can't wait to go back.My girlfriend and I popped in here during their weeknight happy hour to do some catching up. Never having been here before, I didn't realize how SMALL of a place this is and how quickly it fills up. We beelined it for their outdoor patio area in the back but it was a tad chilly and someone at another table was literally yelling to talk to her friends, super obnoxious. We figured we were in a pretty happening area so agreed to leave and go somewhere else but as we were walking out, seats at the bar became available and we quickly snagged them! This isn't an exhaustive review as we only had margaritas, chips, salsa, and queso..all of which were good but nothing that has me bumping La Casita over my regular margarita go-to spots. What I will say is that you better be 21 and have ID at this place because they do not play around with that stuff! One guy came in an ordered a couple of margs to go and the bartender asked him to go get everyone's IDs! Yikes! I also would advise ladies to not bring their biggest purse here..it really really is a small space that fills quickly. Naturally, it gets loud to so if that's not your thing, I'd pocket this one for less busier time. The same gal pal that went with me here said she had a bad experience doing UberEats from this place but I can't comment personally on that. Oh and the bathrooms are smack dab in the middle of the dining area! Kinda weird and also has me feeling like I'm gonna forget to lock the door and expose myself to all the lovely patrons!What a lovely little gem in my new neighborhood. Glad to have a go-to spot just a few blocks away. I'm a fan but I do have one small change  recommendation on their shrimp ceviche - go a little easier on the horseradish sauce. They use it to top it off. It's excellent and tastes great, once I take a spoonful and remove it. The combination of flavors is awesome. 
The tacos are good too. I wish they would offer a "carne asada" option. The tacos are fulfilling and worth the price. They even offer my favorite Latin drink which is Horchata. If you haven't tried it, now would be a good time. It's a sweet drink, so order it towards the end of your meal or as a secondary drink. It's non-alcoholic incase you weren't sure. 
The place is small so unless it's slow. I don't recommend planning on bringing a large group here. Keep it around 4 to be seated comfortably. 
The bar is large but is very close to the nearby tables, leaving maybe 3 feet of space for walking room for servers. It's a tight squeeze. 
Their mojito is a little sweet for my liking, then again a lot of things are because I avoid sugar as much as possible. 
Thinking a romantic sweet and intimate dinner? This is a great choice!ALEGRÍA DE VIVIR!  20-ish owners John Michael & Mark are enthusiastic & engaging;
HAPPY HOUR: 3-7 PM; $4 margs, $2 domestics, $2 tacos, 1/2 price housemade apps;
SALSA VERDE & QUESO are some of the best this side of "La Fonda on Main"!
Any of y'all fortunate enough to have those two or three cousins that you only see every other year but you have an immediate bond with? The ones you hung out with, were mischievous with.  Like that Christmas you stole all of your aunts' bras from their suitcases and they woke up to find them floating like Playtex jellyfish in the pool? Or the time one acted as if they were asleep in your grandmother's wheelchair at the top of the driveway and then slowly released the brake & began rolling toward some unsuspecting, horrified motorist?  There's something to be said about people that you clique with, make you laugh, are open and real. The two young, tireless guys that opened La Casita in March have that same appeal.  Sure the food is excellent but it's also their spunky wry spirit that should entice you to frequent this special place.
LA CASITA, COQUETTE, MISTER GREGORY'S: 3 great, post-K eateries started by pairs of young locals.  I would rather support them than insipid outsiders such as 5 Guys, Panera, Booty's, etc...So I came here again on a Saturday evening for happy hour and tacos. I must say that this time was MUCH better. We sat at the bar, seeing at the restaurant was pretty empty, which was really nice. We had a couple happy hour margaritas - much better this time. The rim was fully salted, the 'ritas were nice and cold, and they tasted pretty good. We ordered the happy hour tacos and guac. My husband actually really like the veggie taco, so I might have to try that one next time. I think I'm also going be bold and go off the happy hour menu and try the Fuego taco. I'm actually looking forward to going back.Hidden gem on Julia Street! 
I've been here before with an ex...pretty sure he ruined my experience that time around and I drowned myself in happy hour libations...so my memory is kinda foggy on that visit lol Hence why I'm just getting to this review. 
This time around (with friends) I enjoyed myself thoroughly! 
Happy hour (EVERYDAY...even on weekends) drinks were really good...especially the mojitos! I love the fresh muddled strawberries. 
And the food was awesome...$2 simple tacos...we ordered all meat..but the veggie option looked very appeasing. Have to get back to try that. And half off on queso, guac, and salsa is the way to my heart! 
Seating is kinda limited inside, but there's courtyard seating in the back. Not sure if its for events or regular dining patrons. 
Service was on point and the two bartenders who doubled as waitresses did a superb job of making sure your happy hour glass stayed full. 
It was pretty busy here for a Saturday afternoon...not so much during the week.Dined at casita for happy hour. I must admit their happy hour prices are great (includes drinks, dips and simple tacos). I was impressed with our waitress (although she appeared to be the only one on a Saturday night and it was getting busy as we left). I was not impressed with the margaritas. At all. I was actually really disappointed and almost offended that they would serve such a terrible margarita at a Mexican place. I expected much more. Salt on the rim was almost nonexistent. The margarita tasted warm (even though there was ice in it - LOTS of ice). And oh, it tasted sweet because there was too much mix used. Mix!!!! C'mon. For a local, small restaurant, I at least expect a legit drink. Sadly disappointed. The food was great though! Fresh ingredients used in everything. Beware for those who don't like cilantro - they use tons of it. I will probably find myself back there since we live in the neighborhood - but it certainly won't be for the margaritas. If they offered a real margarita, this would be one of my favorite places.Absolutely LOVE~ I ordered take out (its right around the corner from my office) and I thought the carnitas tacos were divine - very fresh, the pico was fantastic. The queso is OUT OF THIS WORLD. Creamy, awesome. People below have had issues with the chips - I dont really have a complaint there. It works for me - thought such amazing queso does deserve a chip worthy of its caliber :) Heading back there today for lunch - friends have been for happy hour and they thought it was great. Will update soon!I love tacos.
I love happy hour.
I love $2 tacos at happy hour.
the end.
This is a great place to enjoy some margaritas and tacos downtown. It is a small place so don't plan on taking the WHOLE crew there. Happy Hour is from 3-7. We will return!!
We tried a selection of the 'simple' tacos. the chicken was a little bland and I wouldn't try that one again, but the veggie taco with pickled cabbage was AMAZING!! Beef and pork were both good, but the veggie was a favorite at our table!All the worth of a trip especially for Happy Hour!! Can't beat $4 hand crafted margs & select $2 tacos which aren't those miniature tortillas with a spoonful of meat. These are savory, filling portions!!!
My favorite was the Couchon Specialty taco which has my mouth watering all over again. The pork was tender & juicy topped with pickled cabbage, avocado, & crema grilled crispy together! Also added the shredded brisket & chicken. 3 tacos were plenty to fill full! 
Don't forget to mention to sit in the outdoor back patio! Very quaint atmosphere filled with greenery & NOLA art!This place is one of my favorites in the CBD if I'm craving tacos and margaritas. Slightly pricy if you don't come during happy hour but so worth it. I love the del fuego tacos and queso! It far surpasses the 2 nearby Mexican places in my opinion. They have a private courtyard in the back and tables near the front French doors which make the atmosphere refreshing and quant.Food was ok, until someone from the staff came and dumped some water in the back area of the patio, it stank the whole area, and it was disgusting to continue eating.
Food is ok, I would say lower modern style Mexican. Margaritas were also acceptable. Staff mediocre not very impressed, is New Orleans anyways!La Casita wasn't exactly what I pictured when I think of a Mexican restaurant. It doesn't have the typical decor, it is a darker small bar that has two TVs over the main bar so that you can watch a game while you grab a meal and a drink.
While there is no gluten free menu. Most of their menu items, i.e. tacos can be server on a corn tortilla or as a bowl as it is a safer option. The staff was very open in making this suggestion as they do store the corn and flour tortillas next to each other. I do have to commend them for understanding what cross contamination was without having to be the one to bring it up or having to explain it. 
The food itself was good and filling, plus it was on the cheaper side. Plus, if you happen to go during Happy Hour, which is from 3- 7 pm, you can grab a drink without breaking the bank after just one. 
Overall, the staff was friendly, to newcomers and regulars alike, and helpful. If I happen to be in the area again, I would come back to dine again.After a lovely day of lounging/eating/drinking with the amazing Vicky, Lindsay & Larissa, we decided that we were hungry again and so wandered over to La Casita for some light supper on a Saturday night since tacos sounded like the thing to do.
We ended up sitting at the bar since they had reservations for a large party at all their front tables. But seriously this is a small restaurant (maybe there is a back patio in the right weather?) so don't plan on coming with a herd.
We had cocktails which were fine and well priced, although we missed happy hours by about 5 minutes. The tacos were fine too. The thing is that I don't really remember what I ate. The food was fine but not really memorable. I think I ordered 2 tacos...maybe 3 and I was full. Done.
The bartender was cool with splitting up our bills and we paid via a cube...which seemed weird in a restaurant setting but maybe it's the future.
I feel like maybe they're still working the kinks out...there was confusion about a few thinks and I would definitely give them another try.
5 stars for the company btw.Dustin!! Great server! Happy hour was awesome! $4 margaritas. Good ones too. The simple tacos were pretty amazing. Got the brisket and carnitas.  The salsa is perfect too.  Being from CA where you can get great Mexican food this was up there as far as the tacos and guacamole go!Excellent little bar restaurant. With an excellent happy hour and great margaritas. We all had the carnitas or Cochon either in tacos or burritos. The burrito was delicious with beans rice cheese avocado and the pork. It was big enough to share but I ate most of it. Their guacamole was fresh and bright. The avocados had a great taste. The queso dip was so good they should develop a dish using that. Yum. Great service. I'm changing my review to a 5!I'd give it 3.5, but it is a bit pricey; also they don't do complimentary chips and salsa like every other Mexican restaurant in existence. But the service is good and the food tastes great.Any Mexican eatery awarded four stars on Cinco de Mayo, earns every one of them!  La Casita didn't diassapoint.  Sure, we waited for a table and had to order margaritas twice, but they were well worth the wait, especially at "happy hour" pricing.  
I'll agree with a fellow reviewer that the chips leave something to be desired, but once you dip them into the fresh and perfectly seasoned guacamole and salsa, you'll forget all about the chips.  All of the street tacos (shrimp, crawfish, carnitas, chicken & veggie) were fresh and delicious, as well.  
The vibe is more bar, than restaurant, but very comfortable and relaxed.  If the inside is packed, check the courtyard for additional seating.  These guys have a good thing going.  Can't wait to go back on any other day!