Finally made it to La Crepe Nanou after wanting to go for some time.
K and I were hungry and it was getting late, so I was trying to find a place that was open late. I searched for "dinner" in the Yelp search box and selected a couple of neighborhoods. I was scrolling down quickly and saw that La Crepe Nanou was going to be open till 11 p.m. This was the winner.
We parked not far from the place and walked over. It was a beautiful night. There was a cat lazily lounging about on the host's table/podium thing right by the door. There was a couple waiting before us when we walked up, but we were all seated promptly.
K's allergic to shellfish so that ruled a lot of menu items out for us, but we still managed to enjoy an awesome dinner. We shared the Crepe au Poulet to start with. We got some Pinot Gris to go with it. Our server warned us that the Pinot Gris was a little sweet. It was really sweet, but I (and K, too) like my alcohol sweet, so it worked out for us. The best part of the Crepe au Poulet was the Ratatouille, which we got on the side (I don't know how it normally comes). I just wanted to sit with a big bowl of that Ratatouille by a fireplace. It felt like home, because it reminded me of my host mom in Paris, who used to make us a big pot of Ratatouille about once a week.
Then I had the Duck (special) and K had the veal with tomato sauce. Honestly by this time I was getting really full, so I only had a little bit of my duck, which was really good. But I'm not good at the whole fork-and-knife thing when bones are involved (my French host parents used to tell me to just use my hands when I'd struggle at the table), so I gladly took most of it in a to-go box so I can go home and pick up the meat with my hands. The grilled veggies that it came with were also very good. K enjoyed his veal, as was witnessed by his clean plate.
We didn't have room for dessert, which was a shame because I really want to try the crepe with the Creme de Marrons.
I'm definitely gonna have to go back to try the mussels and the Crepe Marrons.
And this place *is* really cute. Aside from the lady at the next table being really loud, it was a great spot for our date.Crepe Nanou was good but not as special as I'd hoped! I wish I could give it four stars instead of three because our waitress was spectacular. The fondue we got was pretty good and came with endless bread so we were full after eating that (but obviously still tried a dessert crepe--the lemon one, which was very good) so we ended up paying less for our dinner at this restaurant than we normally do at say, Carrabba's. I was disappointed that, despite having a reservation, all the tables were full and we had to wait a while for one. All in all, it's a quaint restaurant (but not as quaint or Parisian as I had hoped) with pretty good, but not life-changing, food and at least one spectacular waitress. Wish I could remember her name! I had a pleasant eating experience but nothing is drawing me back.In the heart of the city sat a small, often forgotten shop, situated between two larger and much more modern brick buildings. For many years, people shuffled about each day, so absorbed in their daily routines that they never even noticed the shop's unusual albeit unique storefront; a cluster of rudimentary wire birdcages with open tops and protruding twigs, allowing for beautifully colored exotic birds to come and go as they pleased. Magnificent crafted toys of wood eerily reminiscent of the great DaVinci. A friendly black cat named Ishmael who appeared to meander throughout the shop much like a ghost, disappearing and reappearing when he saw fit to do so. And books! So many books! For a shop so small, the book shelves seemed to span endlessly. Only the Library of Alexandria might have rivaled its collection. 
The proud owner of the shop was called Tasso. No one knew much about him other than that he reminded many of a jolly grandfather. His smile was contagious, his heart was warm and well, that was enough to satisfy just about anyone.
On a particularly hot summer day, the shop's front door bell chimed and in stepped an elegantly dressed gentleman. He politely removed his hat and proceeded to the counter. "It's been much too long, Baron!" Tasso exclaimed excitedly.
"Ahh, the last days of the week are finally upon us, my good Tasso!" Baron Montesquieu proudly proclaimed as Tasso anxiously greeted him. "Therefore, my wife and I would very much like to partake of the coming evening's splendors. Perhaps you've a potent recipe with which I might conceive a meal so grand that it may illicit overwhelming sensations of pleasure and exhilaration that sweep her feet from the ground below?"
"Oh yes!" Tasso exclaimed. "I'm quite sure I have just the recipe your heart desires.  I'll just have my scribe summon it for you. Caius!  Caius, where are you, boy?"
"I'm sorting your records, Sir, just as you asked me to do" the young Caius humbly replied.
Tasso shuffled to the rear of his shop and shouted up to the young boy who was perched upon a ladder near the vast bookcases; his scrawny frame twisted from the weight of Tasso's large volumes.  He peered down from above like a protective gargoyle hunched on the corner of the town's bell tower.  
You'll mind your tone when speaking to me, boy!" Tasso admonished. "The regal Count Montesquieu has delivered us a quest so come down at once! We mustn't keep him waiting!"
"Yes, Sir" Caius affirmed.  Placing the volumes on the shelf, the young boy quickly shimmied down the ladder and stood at attention before Tasso.
"Caius, my mind is not what it once was...Please, retrieve my ancient codex from the study. The formula must be precise; otherwise we might bring great peril upon Baron Montesquieu! Quick, quick now, boy! Do as I say and make haste! The Baron is waiting!" At that moment, Tasso appeared to have lost himself in deep thought. "Ahh, it has been many years since my eyes did gaze upon that old, dusty tome!"
"I've found it, Sire! There appear to be the scribbles detailing strange women, indeed and their place of residence! Methinks I have the wrong book! Could this be your old address book, Sire?" Caius inquired shockingly.
"Foolish child! Tasso cried. "How dare you so leisurely peruse my personal files! That was a time long ago! Long ago, I say again! Come now, purge your mind of such perverse thoughts and help me back to the storefront." The boy took hold of Tasso's arm and guided him through the narrow bookshelves.
The baron stood patiently at the counter admiring the many antiques from various regions of the world when Tasso addressed him. "My sincerest apologies, Baron but my mind fails me for it appears that I've misplaced my book of recipes."
"Oh, goodness me!" exclaimed the Baron. "Whatever will I do? Your knowledge and wisdom has steered me straight for ages, Tasso! Tell me what I should do and I'll do it!"
"Fear not, Baron, for you shan't fall short this good night!" Tasso stated firmly, wagging his finger with affirmation. "On the corner of Robert St. and Prytania resides a quaint restaurant, perfect to impress your wife! Its name is La Crepe Nanou. Its staff serves exemplary French cuisine and on a cool evening, you are permitted to dine outside, romanced by the stars. Might I suggest for an entrée both the superb Crepe au Poulet in white wine sauce and the mouth-watering take on the classic dish, Ratatouille, the Crepe Provencale. For dessert, finish with the Crepe Suzette; delectable orange cream and Grand Marnier flambe'."
"From the deepest recesses of my heart, I thank you most sincerely" said Baron Montesquieu, bowing slightly. "My wife will be thrilled!" As swiftly as he had arrived, the Baron was gone.
Tasso turned to his young scribe and patted the boy affectionately upon his shoulder. "This above all lad, remember always to be kind. Do great things with love, for it is the greatest force in the universe."
FINAnother last minute recommendation from a friend. We had a marvelous dinner at La Crepe Nanou and were charmed to no end by the setting, the staff, and the selections. This is certainly not local cuisine, but it is well-accomplished bistro fair in a gorgeous space. A can't miss!i had high hopes for la crepe nanou. it brings back memories of parking in the CVS lot and running across the street to the creole creamery. it smells like new orleans and fish and deliciousness. the menu sounds amazing. unfortunately, it did not deliver. the food, at least what i ate, was mediocre at best. the salmon was cooked like chicken (very well done, chewy) and the sauce was tasteless.
however, with the decor factored in i would have considered giving this place another try. that was, until we had to deal with the waitress. 
i understand that large parties in small restaurants can be difficult. there were 6 of us, so not a huge table, but still a lot for one waitress. when i ordered a glass of riesling, she kind of glared at me and asked if i had ever tried riesling before (umm... no, i just randomly order glasses of wine at expensive restaurants). i explained to her that i knew what riesling tasted like and she shrugged and walked away. when the riesling never came, i figured her judginess had made her forget my order but didn't give it a second thought until the bill came and she had charged for it. when i brought it to her attention, i thought she would apologize wholeheartedly that i went my whole meal without a drink but instead she just grabbed the bill back and gave us a new one. 
then we broke the news to her-- we had to split between 3 paying on cards and 2 paying cash. one of us, the bride-to-be, wasn't paying, which shouldn't have been an issue-- just divide the bill by 5, tip was already included. she rolled her eyes and asked if we wanted change. had she not asked, we probably would have left the change as an additional tip but she said it in such a condescending way that there was no way she was getting more than the 20% already billed.
20 or so minutes later, she came back very angry that we hadn't given her enough cash. actually, we had given her $10 more than needed but she did the math wrong. but somehow that was our fault. she made no apologies and just told us to come up with more cash. we never saw her again, but we left a pile of change to make up for the few dollars "missing" with her miscalculation.
everybody, including many girls who are actually waitresses, left with sour tastes in their mouths over the experience. what began with raving about the food ended with ranting about the obnoxious waitress. it pretty much killed the night and i will not be returning, no matter how good the crepes looked.This was a first for our Foodie Club. And we gave it 5F's (which is a good thing ). The fondue was fun. The food was Delicious (not so much the crepe with cream spinach, but can't wait to go back for the smoke salmon crepe!!). The atmosphere was lovely. The service was excellent.I just love this place. It's romantic, and it has always been a pleasant experience every time I have been there.  On my visits i've enjoyed escargot, pate, fondue, veal, 2 or 3 different crepes, the filet, a few desserts that I can't recall, but everything has been a good experience from a food perspective.  I have yet to go and it hasn't been busy.  I can't imagine braving this place on Valentine's Day!  It's a NOLA staple place to go and like I said, always an enjoyable experience.Great place to dine out! The food is always great and so is the atmosphere. The price points are low to mid range, there is always a parking spot close by, and the wait is never to long. One of my favorite local spots.Food and service were excellent.  I had a crepe with smoked salmon, capers, etc.  Wonderful.  My friend had a crawfish pasta special that was also excellent.  While the decor is nice, there are so many tables crowded too close together.  A private conversation is impossible as you feel you are "with" the people at the next table.We went here cause we heard about the crepes.  My bf had the beef crepe which was not that great.  The only thing I had was the mussels which was tasty.  Overall it was ok but I wouldn't come back for the entrees.  We also had the dessert which was ok too.  Besides the interior it looks too I dont know dusty and water was running on the floor.  I just wish it was cleaner.Service was good. The ambiance was romantic and relaxed. A small location but worth the money spent.My favorite place to eat in the Uptown area ! If you're looking for an authentic and fun French-New Orleans food fusion, this is the place ! 
The crawfish crepe is savory and fills you! The pasta entrees are excellent ! The wine selection is varied and matches their dishes well ! 
The atmosphere, though often very busy - is cozy and welcoming. Dinner is worth the cost, and in terms of the experience - is very reasonable !
*tip: always call and make a reservation ahead of time or you won't get seatedI don't write a lot of negative reviews, but when an experience warrants it, I will do it. La Crepe Nanou has earned this 2-star review.
I've now visited on two different occasions. The first was much better, and I didn't review that experience. But I'm keeping it in mind as I craft this one. I remember thinking that my meal was decent on my first trip, but given the prices and the upscale ambiance, I was expecting more. The second trip was pretty much a disaster.
After some confusion about where we were going to be seated, my friend and I settled into a table in the back of the room. The onion soup sounded delicious, even though it was hotter than Hades outside, and we both ordered a bowl. We were both really enjoying it. Then I bit down on something that felt like a chicken bone. This didn't feel good on my tooth. So I took this hard thing out of my mouth and examined it. A chicken bone it was not. This was a piece of hard plastic that looked like a part of a kitchen utensil or tool that must have broken off. I called our waiter over and he was extremely apologetic, which was nice. I didn't want to take it out on him, since it clearly wasn't his fault, but I was not pleased. He quickly brought me a new bowl of soup (sans plastic) and told me he wouldn't charge me for my soup.
For my main course I had the crepe with crawfish and crabmeat, or something like that. While it wasn't bad, it was extremely bland. There just wasn't much flavor to it. But I did enjoy the basket of fries that I got on the side. For dessert my friend and I split the crepe with chocolate, vanilla ice cream, and strawberries. Can't possibly be bad, right? Right. But it just wasn't that good. It didn't taste fresh. The crepe wasn't hot. Neither was the chocolate. It was just completely unimpressive.
I'm not itching to return to La Crepe Nanou any time soon. In my opinion, it's overrated.Tres, tres delicieux.  
Ok.  So here's the thing:  The last time I received formal French instruction, I was approximately 15.  I cannot remember, bless my little heart, how to even SAY '15' en francais without turning to google in desperation.  I do know, thanks to the stylish and inimitable Eddie Izzard, that le chat est sur la chaise, and le singe est sur la branche.  As you can imagine, should I ever find myself abandoned in gay Paris, I will be in sore shape and will do little to further French-American relations.  (Although, on SECOND thought, if I AM ever in gay Paris, perhaps mention of Eddie Izzard will score me points, as he is a magnificent travesti d'action...)
In my ever-long list of Things To Do To Ensure I Am Not A Stultified Dullard, I realized during a conversation with a co-worker and fellow Foodie that I had never tried escargots.  She was a frequent visitor to La Crepe Nanou and insisted that I remedy this travesty immediately.  Always game for adventure (ADVENTURE!), we hastily made a date to meet for a late dinner at this lovely little restaurant.
Little.  Did I mention it was little?  Tres charmant, but SMALL.  If you are claustrophobic, be forewarned:  They REALLY pack the tables in at LCN.  This restaurant is TINY, but it has TONS of charm and truly feels like a European bistro.  Tucked into a sweet, gentrified little neighborhood, on a side street, the sidewalk was overflowing with an eclectic crowd of people.  There was a small bar outside, which was unmanned, and a neighborhood cat who was more than delighted to lounge about, being fondled, and attempting to sneak sips off of random martinis that were discarded on the counter.  Eventually it slunk off into the night, but we were assured that it comes back every single evening like clockwork.  
When our table was ready, we were sardined into the cafe across from the bar.  The tables were so close together in this area that, had it been quiet enough to actually eavesdrop, I am certain I would have become intimately familiar with the patrons mere inches away.  No worries, though!  It was party-loud, effectively drowning out any attempts at real conversation.  This left you with nothing to do but savor your food, and ohlala, the FOOD...  If you've never had 'authentic' French food, please do yourselves a favor and visit this restaurant.
I have forgotten what the others ordered, but I can tell you that the Soupe à l'Oignon, Escargots, and L'Amberjack Grille were succulent and delicious and largely did not disappoint.  The menu is full of interesting items, like quail and sweetbreads, pate and fromages.  For dessert, we shared the Crepe Josie (lemon curd crepe that was simple, and tart, and, sadly, the only disappointment of the night) and the namesake Crepe Nanou (which BLEW ME AWAY).  I am typically  not a coffee ice cream kind of chick (coffee-anything, really), but this was creamy and ALL KINDS OF YUM up in your mouth.  I highly recommend it, although I'll warn you that there are so many dessert possibilities that sound mouth-watering that you'll be hard-pressed to choose just one.The place was recommended by one of my former colleagues when I asked him for "a restaurant with an intimate setting". He did me good. Real good. 
 Though it's little out of main strip, the restaurant had almost everything you can ask for- good food, service, atmosphere, and easy on your wallet. Though food was excellent, I remember the serving being really good and that should be mentioned highly. After all we eat out for a good dining experience and bad service can ruin even the most amazing meal. 
 There are a lot of great restaurants in French Quarter and Marigny, but if you are in NOLA for more than a couple of days and want something different... do yourself a favor and hit this spot. Only thing missing is walk out and cobble stone streets filled with music and bar scene likes of more touristy area... just walk down to Magazine Street or hop on a cab and go back to Frenchmen... the NOLA you dreamed of come right back at ya.I am a lover of french food and crepes. I have been to NOLA a few times, and I have yet to try a true french style restaurant. I was looking for something a bit lighter on the wallet and found out this place had a great lunch menu with a cheaper price range than dinner. 
One of the first things I noticed was the decor and ambiance. It felt cozy and homey but very inviting. Our waitress was very friendly and helpful in explaining some of the specials and menu items. I like Ratatouille, and she recommended I try the Ratatouille crepe. My boyfriend ordered the Vietnamese style crepe with a shrimp sauce in the middle. We both tried each others, and they were amazing!
The beverage menu selection was great too! I ended up ordering a Mimosa and my boyfriend opted for the Holy Grail beer.
I will absolutely be visiting here again on a return trip!Crepe Nanou is so delicious.  I absolutely love its little location, too... smack dab in the middle of uptown, and in a busy enough part of town that any night feels like a fun but low-key night on the town (think: you can go grab some ice cream from Creole Creamery afterwards).  The thing about Crepe Nanou is it's right at the point on the spectrum where you can make it a nice date night or a celebration out of it, and then the next weekend come in wearing jeans with some coworkers.  
Food is really tasty and prepared expertly with fresh ingredients.  Both times I've been, the salmon was cooked to perfection.  Service is usually really attentive.  The place doesn't take reservations, so try and get there a little bit before you're hungry and grab a French 75 cocktail at the bar while you wait.
My one tiny gripe is that I came here one time and ordered mussels, a dish that classically comes with fries.  The fries that we were served were very obviously frozen french fries from a bag.  Not the worst thing in the world, but a little disappointing from a restaurant otherwise serving fresh ingredients.I've been eating here for 18 years. Tonight was amazing we had a group of 4 and lots of champagne. The server was wonderful very knowledgeable and personable. I had all the specials on the board a salad, soup, ,whole red fish it was all fresh and taste. The place was packed per usual and we had drinks at the bar before we sat down. This place is always on point and always a go to for us.Great experience. Had many choices for Valentines Day but went with Crepe Nou Nou. Really nice prefix menu but would have preferred some crepe options but food is always good here.Consistently delicious and the atmosphere is intimate and lovely. Always welcomed by Joe the Maître D who is so great and sunny. The food is so delectable. You cannot go wrong with any menu item. Leave room for dessert.  Crepes Nanou is over the top.So disappointing. For 14 years, La Crepe Nanou was my go-to restaurant. I loved going for a casual dinner and having the cheese and pate board, the French onion soup and especially the whole fish. Best of all, service was always incredible. 
My regular waiters left a year ago and for some reason I had not been back since. Last night it felt like I was dining at a completely different restaurant. The food was ok but the prices were 30-40% higher than they had been for years and the service was mediocre at best.
It really pains me to write this review because I used to consider this a local's gem.Whoa, this place is different from what I remembered, it used to be dark inside and now they have unique windows to cast some light, very nice!
Came 6 pm and was immediately seated.  We had an older guy serve us and by older, i mean balding head and glasses.  SO friendly!  
Had the fruit de la mer st jacques to start...fruits de la mer = fruits of the sea = seafood!  lump crabmeat, shrimp, and crawfish tails baked with a little wine and cheese....yum!  dip the bread in and you get a gooey delicious mess!
Friend had the shrimp and crepe and i had the moules / mussels.  Hmm...it was too much for me, I had to take it home....haha my mom didn't like the wine sauce too much.  
We totally saved ourselves for dessert:  Crepe Lucile - vanilla icecream and fresh strawberries w/ chocolate sauce and whipped cream.  Table next to us had some fantastic looking crepes too, but ours was delish!!!
It totally got crowded quickly...so glad we came early.  My friend didn't like the fact that the seating was so close...we saw a few butts too many!I'm SAD and DISAPPOINTED!  My best friend found a cigarette butt in her mussels!  My husband and I moved to Brooklyn after Hurricane Katrina but we return home for a visit at least twice a year.  We always make the effort to eat at Crepe Nanou with our friends.  It was for us, a New Orleans restaurant institution we loved until our dinner last Friday, April 14th.  Everyone at our table has worked many years in the service industry and in fact, we all met at a restaurant/music venue almost 2 decades ago and still remain best friends.  I managed a restaurant in New York City and my best friend, who found the cigarette butt in her mussels, is the general manager of another New Orleans restaurant institution.  We all know stuff like this can happen and know how it should be handled.  No one came to our table to apologize and when my friend asked to see the manager we waited 20 minutes before she had to get up to find someone.  When she finally talked to the owner, he had the audacity to blame her for putting it there for a free meal. As you can imagine, she was insulted. We were all shocked and disappointed that the owner Rich handled the situation so rudely.  I am sad to say we will NEVER return to one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans.Crepe Nanou use to be so consistent with the food and the staff.  The staff was great.  The food I was so shocked because once you go enough you know what you like.   The escargot has no hot at all and had to be sent back. Second time came warm not hot.   The lamp chop was better then the veal.  The sauces in the past were great.  The chocolate mousse or pudding dessert was not the norm.  The taste had changed and the texture was grainy not smooth.  So sad old kitchen staff left.   I so loved Crepe Nanou.  Please get the food back the way it use to be.  Atmosphere and staff are excellent.Breakups are hard, but even after 15+ years, today proved that there is no future in this relationship.  We saved our pennies to eat here twice a year or so as our "special event" place, and the experience was always singular in its excellence, so it meant a lot to us since our wallets don't allow for restaurants like this too often.    What was once a well-run restaurant that served exquisite, simple food has devolved into a place where:
--Though I took the trouble to make a brunch reservation because it is Mother's Day, when we arrived to the near-empty restaurant, were shown to the table just next to the entry vestibule, treated like an afterthought (we were reseated upon my request);
--Daughter and I ordered our favorite vinaigrette avocados, but the kitchen only admitted that there weren't any ripe ones in the place when other tables began sending theirs back (we were stunned, since this has always been on the menu, has always been perfectly ripe as served, and the main part of the dish, so IMO an amazing lack of interest, or desperation, for the kitchen to try and serve);
--So, no appetizers, but our entrees (crepes all, no duck, chicken or steak) still took 40 minutes to arrive;
--Our server checked on us twice: once to refill my daughter's coffee as we waited with the empty table for our food and last when we had been sitting with our empty plates and my empty iced tea glass...awhile;
--My kids liked their entrees, but my smoked salmon crepe's "with asparagus" meant two shriveled spears too tough to eat.
It seems to be fine doing Uptown neighborhood business, so they no longer need to be exceptional, or treat their diners so, either.
EDIT: first time ever from a restaurant - the food made me physically ill.  Wow.Excellent!
The chicken braised in white wine crepe, and the rib eye au poivre (special) were very very very good!
Too bad I was too full for dessert.
This place is Cute! inside.I came here tonight for the first time.  I ordered the mussels (large) to start. I couldn't believe how many there were! I really enjoyed them. I got the special soup of the day which was tomato basil. It was maybe the best tomato soup I've ever had. It was absolutely delicious. They must have made it with fresh tomatoes! My friend got the salad nicoise and he loved it.
Although all the appetizers were amazing I felt like the entrees weren't as good. My friend got the angel pasta with shrimp and it was pretty bland. I ordered the caramelized onion crepe and I didn't think it was very good. 
That said, I'll be back.We found this place by accident after seeing the long lines at Creole Creamery on a Saturday night. The Crepe Suzette did not disappoint-with its delicate orange slices, ice cream, and rum flambé. This dessert is both sweet and pungent, with its whipped cream and strong rum flavor. Pro tip: Don't underestimate the power of the liquor.Food was just above average, but overall experience is a great one. The place is set up like a French Bistro and the atmosphere is very Parisian and romantic. The food is nothing to brag about. The variety of crepes are their signature dish, but there are other items there for you to choose from. 
The real charm of the place is to have a nice relaxing slow meal in a nice romantic setting with lots of charm. It will feel like you are dining in Montmartre.Some friends of mine brought me here for my 19th birthday, and it was such a lovely experience. The food and dessert are so delightful and outstanding. Prices are a little pricey, but it was worth it. Service was outstanding despite their full-house. Decorations and atmosphere are just lovely. Just what I need for a great birthday dinner.During my visit to this town my husband INSISTED on dining at a French restaurant for some hearty crepes.  Since his favorite NOLA place closed a while ago, he found this place via Yelp to try.  
Solid non-pretentious French food, including solid crepes.  My husband's ratatouille crepe topped with curry chicken was well made though I didn't think curry mixed well with curry.  My beef bourgignone crepe was very hearty though I thought it would have more of a red wine taste that would elevate it beyond the beef stew that it tasted like.   I have to admit I've never had proper beef bourgignone before so I may not know any better.
Dessert crepes were also good.  The crepe marron was pretty good with the mix of chestnut cream and coffee ice cream flambeed with alcohol.
A quality local restaurant serving authentic French food without the pretentious atmosphere and actually family-friendly.Doesn't matter when you go, you can be assured that the server will be a disinterested eyerolling poseur. Can't stand the place because of the attitude you get from all of the staff. It is as if you are bothering them to even be there. They've lost me forever.Awesome place, Great food and super friendly. The manager set a special table for us outside because we had a dog with us. Food was excellent. Our waiter from Paris was great.Had dinner last night at La Crepe Nanou. I hadn't been there in at least 10 years. For some reason it had completely fallen off my radar...though I always enjoyed it way back when. I was celebrating a special occasion with my SO and decided to hit it up again. 
Things started off a little rocky when we were seated in the back room, which felt like a furnace. Also the table was so wobbly that I knew a glass of wine wouldn't fare too well on it. For the life of me, I don't get why restaurants don't address unstable tables. We asked to move and were taken care of graciously. 
Everything after, everything from the service to the food, to the atmosphere...was excellent. 
We ordered a bottle of Veuve and were shocked to see that it was only $70. That is really cheap for a restaurant. 
Appetizers: 
Mussels - Delicious and flavorful broth and the mussels were cooked perfectly. A 
Gratin Fruits de Mare - A delicious seafood au gratin. Perfect to dip your buttered bread in. A 
Salad: 
Mixed green salad with toasted walnuts and blue cheese. Was very good and big enough for us to split. B 
Entrees: 
Filet Mignon with Bearnaise sauce - This was definitely the winner of the night. I am always hesitant to order steak in a restaurant because they are always overcooked. I ordered it rare, and I got it rare. It was extremely flavorful and tender. It came with sauteed veggies that were also incredible. The fries were perfectly cooked and crispy. A++++++ 
Leg of Lamb - While the flavor of this dish was incredible, it was slightly overcooked. He ordered it medium rare and it was medium. I personally would've ordered it rare because I'm always fine with meat being under cooked, but I'm never fine with it being over cooked. But nonetheless, he enjoyed it immensely. B 
Dessert: 
Crepe Marrons - OMG this was insanely delicious! Coffee ice cream, chestnut cream and rum flambe. I don't have a huge sweet tooth, so we shared this dessert. I made a note to myself...GET YOUR OWN NEXT TIME!!! It was that good. A++++ 
We didn't have anything to drink other than the bottle of champagne. Our total with tax and tip was $190. 
Overall: A- 
Although we can't credit LCN for this, we had a good chuckle at the pretentious preppy guy there with a group of friends....that had his sweater on inside out! Not kidding!Not a bad little French place uptown... 
The namesake crepes aren't bad but go for the mussels. Perfectly steamed in a garlic butter sauce. Excellent! 
Unfortunately I wasn't as impressed with the crepes. I had the ones topped with crab meat and creamed spinach. My dining companion had the ones topped with crawfish. Both were good, but, well, forgettable. 
With the above said I will note that the prices aren't bad at all. The same goes for the wine list - a somewhat limited but otherwise nice selection of mostly French bottles (no surprise there). I selected a very reasonably priced white Bordeaux that was an excellent complement to the meal. 
I will also note that the restaurant itself is very cool - it has a very urban vibe and is a perfect fit for the neighborhood. The interior is a bit dark and the seating is a bit tight but to me that adds to the atmosphere in this particular situation. Someone noted that ambiance is very NYC - I agree! 
Bottom line: by no means the best restaurant in town, But it is romantic, reasonably priced and serves kickass mussels!Amazing restaurant for some great French cuisine. 
I have been here a number of times and I am just getting around to writing a review, but the restaurant is wonderful.  I have never had a bad experience there which always keeps me going back.
The crepes are very good (of course) and I usually find myself ordering the fish of the day -excellent.
The back room can get a little loud, so ask to sit up front... but other than that, great restaurant.Carrot soup, moules mariniere, redfish, crawfish crepes.  Need I say more?  How about a chocolate crepe for dessert that was so decadent she couldn't finish it!  Wonderful atmosphere, stellar service.  Be sure you get there BEFORE they open, if you want a good table without much wait.Maybe the Crepes are good? That's not what I ordered so I must have missed the boat. The decor and set up were very quaint but the ambiance was missing without some light soothing music playing in the background. 
The service was sub par. I would tell you who not to have as a server, but unfortunately she never gave us her name. The specials sounded like they would be good, but thanks to the wonderful service, I didn't hear about them until long after I ordered. 
The escargot was OK, though I have had much better and would not go back for it again. The appetizer with the crab, shrimp, and cheese  (Gratin de frut de mer)sounded much better than it tasted but it wasn't bad. 
Lamb chops are one of my favorite types of meat because there is so little that needs to be done to experience perfection. Cognac sauce and a lack of salt, however, are enough to mask the natural delight of a great selection. Add that to some French fries with a dark caramel complexion and you have the makings of a less than satisfying dinner.  
Maybe the Crepes are Good?On a recent 16 date tour with the band we had ONE DAY OFF and thank the lord we were invited to dine at this wonderful place by some local friends.  The ambiance is perfect, service is wonderful and the food is amazing.  We had the chance to meet the owners as well and they were (as expected) totally awesome people. When I get back to New Orleans I shall be dining in this fine place again.I found out about this restaurant thanks to Yelp and I'm glad I did! This was our first meal when we arrived in New Orleans and it did not disappoint. We went on a Thursday night around 6:30-7 and thought we'd have a wait but we didn't. We were seated at a cozy 2 person table immediately. A server came write over to us saying they'd get us some water and then gave us time to make a drink decision. We ordered a bottle of red which was priced comparable to other restaurants I frequent. Our waitress was prompt and courteous the entire time, and didn't hover over us to leave which was great! 
I started the meal with the French onion soup while my husband had the special potato leek. Both were phenomenal! The only better French onion I've had was in Paris! My main dish was the Crêpe Bourguignonne and it was just delectable! The meat was tender and it was like having an amazing beef stew over a warm crepe. You can't go wrong with it. My husband had the Crevettes au Vin Blan, which is shrimp in a white wine sauce with pasta. I'm not a shrimp fan but it looked amazing and there were 6 huge shrimp in it! I also ordered a side of ratatouille, which wasn't amazing, but I'm picky when it comes to that dish. 
For dessert we had the Crêpe Marrons, a crepe with coffee ice cream, chestnut cream and a rum flambé. I loved the chef coming over to light the rum, it made the dish that much more delicious! And entertaining to boot! We also both had 2 after dinner drinks - my husband the Uptowner and myself the Kir Blanc. Both excellent mixed drink choices! 
We went in there knowing it was going to be a more expensive dinner, but it was completely worth it. While I couldn't afford to eat here like this every night, you could come here and eat a crepe without breaking the bank. If you are looking for a really delicious meal in a cozy environment come to La Crepe Nanou!La Crêpe Nanou is a lovely experience both in ambiance and dining. They have the best mussels in town served with fries. I have had quite a few of their delicious specials, enjoy the Crêpe Bourguignonne and interesting salad selection. The onion soup and seafood gratin appetizers are superb. French sauces are superior so I many times order grilled asparagus with Béarnaise sauce as a side and I love their Mornay sauce so I more frequently order their Crêpe au Crabe because they use jumbo lump Crabmeat served with  sautéed spinach. Yum!My favorite restaurant in New Orleans. Great food. Great service. Great drinks. Only serving dinner.Deliciousness in every dish. So good. I don't get there often enough. Can hardly make my mind up when I do go.Absolut mon! Fabulous!
The service, the saumon grillè with lemon caper sauce, it was incroyable. We had little pots of tea and the whole experience was wonderful.
Real french food and it was fantastic.Wonderful, just wonderful! A great staff- interesting cocktails and an intriguing menu! The sweetbreads with pickles were great!We have eaten at Crepe Nanou twice now.  I learned a valuable lesson on our first dining experience.  I hate savory crepes.  It's possible, I just hate Crepe Nanou's Crepe au Crabe, but either way, I thought the dish was gross.  Because the place has Crepe in the name, I figured a crepe would be the way to go.  It was not.  
We repeated because Shari V was jonesing for mussels.  For our area, La Crepe Nanou seemed like a front runner for having some killer mussels.  We showed up for an early dinner, not too busy but a decent crowd for a Tuesday night.  I think this place is classy with an intimate ambiance.  Both times we ate here, we've had great service.  The water glasses are tiny but our waiter was on point.  Never let us go dry.
Shari V and I went all in for the mussels.  We both ordered two large Moules Mariniere.  It comes with a boat load of fries.  The mussels were cooked well.  The sauce is a white wine sauce.  Very tasty especially if you like garlic, which I do.  The fries are probably made in-house and are decent.  My favorite part of the dish is easily the white wine sauce.  I save a little house bread to clean up after I gobble up those last mussels.  
La Crepe Nanou is not my favorite neighborhood French bistro, but I did enjoy their mussels.  We will probably repeat.I went last night in a big group - I really liked it, but I wanted to share our experience because no one liked the entree crepe (with crabmeat and spinach).  Everyone that got a crepe as an entree coincidentally ordered the crabmeat/spinach one, and people were upset that it was too heavy, too mushy, no texture.
however, the ones of us who ordered non-crepes for an entree (mussels/frites; steak/frites), loved it!  Also, the appetizers (seafood cheese dip, fondue, french onion soup, salad tropicale) were AMAZING!  
Finally, the dessert crepes were out of this world!  
And, for a big group they were very accommodating - it helped that we went on a Tuesday.One star because:
1. Food is ok, not bad but not exceptional. It would be 3 stars.
2. Service is very slow, took 45 minutes to start getting the food.
3. They forgot one dish for one of us and one side. When we all had finished they brought him the dish. The side was never served. 
4. The A/C was blowing cold air directly to us. We has to ask four times before they did something. And even then they were unable to change the air direction.
All and all a very poor service experience with ok foodAwesome bread, soup, and shrimp dish  my wife loved the crepes and usually states she hates them. Amazing ambiance tooThe only thing going these days in favor of La Crepe Nanu is the ambiance .  It still is a pleasant restaurant to eat in.  But the food and service....BAD.
The waitresses act so disinterested, almost snooty.  Not friendly at all.  They must think that is how they should act in a french bistro setting, perhaps believing that is how people act in France when waiting  on Americans.
And the food, meh!  We ordered the special salad - tomato with burrata.  The tomatoes were as bad as any you would purchase at a chain grocery, not ripe, hard.  We sent it back and the waitress commented that they were heirloom tomatoes. They were not.
Onion soup - tepid upon serving.  
Paneed veal was okay with buerre blanc sauce.  The accompanying pasta was plain, plain. Tasteless.  No sauce on it.  And the side vegetables, broccoli  and squash seemed oddly like frozen veggies.  
On the positive side my wife liked the lamb chops.
Go if you want to sit in a pretty space - but don't go for the food at those prices.Yes, yes, yes! This was a wonderful place for a more-reasonable-than-expected dinner. I loved everything. Even the vegetables on the dinner plate had a special something about them. They have a very reasonable, though not extensive, wine list, and the signature crepe dessert is to die for. Bigger than you expect, so share it!Four of us had Sunday brunch at La Crêpe Nanou today and we all had superb meals. We started with their famous appetizer specialties. For the table we shared a large bowl of their fabulous mussels steamed in white wine and garlic then finished with cream. This is such a lovely French restaurant so how could we not have their caramelized onion soup served with Gruyère cheese over a  toasted baguette. Plus their bread is awesome. I ordered the neatly presented brunch special of two halves of an English muffin each topped with a fried soft shelled crab (that our server said had been delivered live this morning!!), topped with perfectly cooked poached eggs and served with an inventive chili sauce. Brunch came with a wonderful salad. So delectable!!! My girlfriend had what I many times order, Crêpe au Crabe served with luscious Louisiana jumbo lump crabmeat, sautéed spinach and Mornay sauce. The other two gals had exquisite grilled salmon fillets with Béarnaise sauce, grilled asparagus and a lovely salad. I love their delicious French sauces and that they serve them on the side in small gravy boat style servers. And speaking of servers, two lovely girls smilingly attended to our every need.Great food. Great atmosphere. You feel like you just walked into France. Recommend the crawfish crepe and all of the dessert crepes.Price: CHECK  --20 dollars for a WHOLE fish with yummy veggies and rice????
Ambiance: Check  --very romantic, very French
Service: Check  --attentive, warm, and super professional
FOOD: SIMPLY DELICIOUS!!!!!
The place does not take reservation! So be there EARLY or be prepare to wait.Had a wonderful meal here before going to see "House on Haunted Hill" at the Prytania. Sweetbreads were fantastic. Staff was friendly and courteous.The bread and butter are amazing. The red wine was exquisite. Those two together reminded me of communion. The escargots were super tasty reminding me of my earlier days in Venice. I had the crepes ala crab. Amazing. We finished with the specialty dessert tres ice cream scooper. Reminisce of my Baskin Robbins days. Shout out to my best friend Eve on her 50th birthday. We love her so much: 11/12/2016Everything was delicious. This place is a real gem.
Try the Mussels , get a steak or a whole fish. Finish with a crepe.
This place is better than most Parisian Bistro's in Paris.I love a good crepe. I think taking delicious things and wrapping them in a nice, tasty bundle is my idea of culinary heaven. Since the French typically do it better than most, I wanted to make sure that we made it to La Crepe Nanou, a fabulously intimate French bistro.
It was really everything I wanted it to be. Quiet, casual and very, very tasty. There was a great variety of both savory and sweet crepes. There was everything from crawfish, to shrimp, to filet and lamb. It was really hard to decide what I wanted. They also have a very suitable wine list and plenty of by-the-glass options. 
We walked right in at 7 p.m. on a Wednesday, but La Crepe Nanou does not accept reservations. The wait can get lengthy on the weekend, so be prepared.Truly love this little place...and its truly little.  Sometimes there's a wait line but worth it.  Good spot for a date and food is very good.Crêpe Nanou is the perfect recreation of the best corner restaurants in Paris: the food is cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, and the ambience is lovely. I never felt like a waiter was ignoring me OR putting pressure on me to order, and all the food is spectacular. My spouse and I each had lamb chops, but I had the special (crusted with pecans! Divine) and my husband had the regular. Lamb is so hard to cook and nobody ever actually serves anything medium rare, except Nanou. The chops were warm and red with a perfect sear, and the accompanying asparagus grilled just so. 
We had Crêpe Suzette for dessert. This can be overly sweet, but Nanou's was just the right amount of orange and vanilla to taste balanced and wonderful. 
I can't recommend Nanou highly enough!Another awesome place to bring a friend. Great wine selection. Great food. Service has always been great. The crabmeat crepe is usually what I order. Yum!Loved everything about the place! Great food and wonderful service. The staff actually works together as a team which is a breath of fresh air in this town.  I would recommend it to anyone who wants an upscale casual dining experience.What a great experience! Service was great, and the atmosphere was very romantic! The mussels were extremely good, and the other food was ok. Nothing I would go two days in a row for, but over all it was a great experience!We had a fantastic dinner last night, starting with cocktails and their spin on a Pimm's cup along with a nice tequila rocks.  We loaded up on appies, mussels, escargot and the charcuterie plate - tastes were great, rich with garlic and served quickly and on temp.
For the main, we split a crawfish crepe that had a delicious if a bit heavy cream sauce and licked the plate.
We hit the nearby Creole Creamery for dessert.
Ambience was good - we have a 4yr old so came a bit early. The place filled up while we ate, noise level was fine and service good.Really great food and affordably priced, well worth the investment.  After eating at August the night before I was worried anything could live up to it, but Crepe Nanou held it's own.  I've had a number of dishes there and nothing lets you down.  Service can be a bit rushed an impersonal, but who cares if the food is great.Loved the Mussels! Service great. Funky warm hospitable place. Best grilled asparagus I've EVER had!!This is one of my New Orleans faves!  It's a pretty small place, but the atmosphere is absolutely fantastic.  Totally, 100% French.
I absolutely loved the bread and cheese appetizer, but I also had the pate and wasn't terribly impressed.  Normally I love pate, but it was a little less spreadable than what I typically like.  They also gave us three different kinds on the plate, and the lightest colored one was pretty universally disliked.
The crepes are awesome, however.  I've tried the crawfish crepe and the one with cheese and onion - both fantastic.  I also stole a few of my sister's french fries, which were kind of amazing.
I've never had bad service, although on some nights, there's a pretty substantial wait - which isn't so bad since the bar has a neat selection of wines to pick from.My wife requested crepes so we tried this place on our trip. We arrived before six when they open and waited for them to open. Service was quick since it was at opening time, mid week and after tourist season. Our first server brought a bottle of sparkling rose and our main server explained the specials. We started with the pate plate which had wonderful duck and pork pate as well as two types of sausage with olives and pickled onions. I had the crab crepes and my wife the crepe Provençale, the vegetable crepe. Both were good. I really enjoyed the way they brought out the crab flavor. My wife and I both liked the creamed spinach on the side. And she liked the way the filling of her crepe was prepared. Dessert was a really nice caramel dish like a pudding but dense. We both enjoyed that.Loved the crepe de la crabe and cheese plate. The Kir Royal made my night! Get there early, this place fills up fast.La Crepe Nanou is one of my favorite date restaurants in the uptown area. I have tried almost all the Crepe's available and have not been disappointed in any of them. I have tried the large bowl of mussels also and they were delicious.  A modest wine list is also available if you are a wine and diner like myself.  There is a pleasant/romantic ambiance to the restaurant and the staff has been friendly enough for my taste.I think that it's probably impossible to put my experience here into words, but I'm going to try. After years of wanting to visit Le Crepe Nanou, I finally had the opportunity, and I may never be the same.
I'll start at the beginning. I knew it was going to be a good evening when I was greeted at the door by a red cat sitting on a stool.  Seriously. I think he works there. He was greeting people.
I walked in and was immediately taken by the atmosphere. The inside is small and dark, but cozy and nice. We were lead to a small table and given a menu. In the dim lighting it was difficult to read, but I was able to make out the basics and I knew exactly what I wanted.
First and foremost, I knew that I wanted to try the cheese plate. They brought out a board of assorted French cheeses. I can't remember the exact names and I know that they switch them up a lot, so I will just say that they were delicious and just as you would expect in a nice French restaurant. They came with a side of some fruits, which I feel really brought out their flavor and added a nice touch.
For my entrée, I decided on the filet mignon. It came medium rare and cooked to perfection. I asked for it topped with a béarnaise  sauce and it was decadent and rich and delicious. The meal also came with a side of grilled vegetables and pommes frites.
Throughout the meal, I enjoyed delicious red wine, which complemented my entrée wonderfully and delicious fresh French bread and butter added a nice touch to the entire meal.
I will absolutely go back to La Crepe, hopefully sooner rather than later. The entire meal was an experience that I won't soon forget.Ok so this was my second time coming to this place. Our first experience was pretty good. The mussels were good and the wine selection was great. I had the caramelized onion crepe( can't remember the name) but was very good. 
The second time we went, the service was  slow and the cheese platter was embarrassing. Like we ordered the cheese platter for "four" people and it was enough to feed a damn grasshopper. I'm telling you I had to call the waiter and ask him if that's seriously the cheese platter. 
I'm all about fancy food being small portions but this wasn't like that. This was embarrassing. The cheese emoji on my phone is comparable to the size. 
Cute romantic location 
phenomenal decoration inside
Decent food
Horrible prices
Retarded sized cheese
Seriously the cheese portion is embarrassing
Don't buy the cheese.. Buy an abundance at rouses for the same price..
If you want a good laugh, get the cheese.The food was good for the long wait.  Not much of an area to stand to wait.  This is not the place for a romantic dinner as it is small and VERY noisy.  Check your bill.  They have a habit of adding on drinks you did not order!Outstanding value!!  Huge portions and defined, individual flavors.  The flare of French cuisine is omnipresent in every dish.  Moderate prices make this place a go to spot for food, conversation and if you're lucky enough, romance!Although I haven't lived in Louisiana for almost two years now, every time I go home to visit friends and family Crepe Nanou is on top of the list of restaurants to visit. 
It is my absolute favorite restaurant on the planet. I had mussels last night at a great place where I live in Atlanta but it brought back a longing for the best dish I've ever had from the tiny French restaurant in the Garden District. 
They're not open for lunch nor do they take reservations but when I lived in New Orleans I didn't mind waiting an hour or more to eat here as frequently as possible. My family went here to celebrate important events and I've taken dates here since the atmosphere is really romantic (despite being so close to other patrons since they're always packed). The wait staff is incredibly efficient and knowledgable and had become like family over time to us, especially Richard who always takes good care of us when we come in. 
The food is a work of art. From the garlicy mussels with pomme frites to the quail to the crabmeat crepes, there is nothing bad on the menu. It's hard to decide what I want between the enticing apps like cheese and pate plate, amazing entrees and creative salads. 
I hear their dessert crepes are awesome but I don't think I've ever had room for dessert while dining there.My wife and I wanted to try this little restaurant. We were both quite amazing on the different type of flavor offerings at this tiny but very beautiful little restaurant. The exterior looks very authentic European French and the food was amazing! My moth is watering again just writing this review. We had the stuff Avocado with crab, the fondue, black mussels and the salmon entree. Very very delicious! Would highly recommend this restaurant. Amazing atmosphere and great customer service. Prices very reasonable. EnjoyI love the decor of this restaurant. Very intimate and it is very nice for a special date. I actually liked the mussels they were well prepared and the shrimp crepe that I ate was ok and my honey's food was ok as well. The place doesn't WOW me, but it was an experience!So awesome.  I miss the cat that used to be out front.  There's a painting of him inside.  Best onion soup and crepes.  Beautiful atmosphere, great prices.  Worth the wait.  Bring someone for their birthday.What a fabulous French restaurant! Order the escargot and soak it up in their fresh French bread! I really enjoyed their salad nicoise and their veal. I hope to go back soon to sample even more French flavors!Wonderful dinner last night!  We had visited previously and decided this would be our first meal on our trip this year, mainly based on my husbands fond memories of the Manhattan from the bat which didn't disappoint.  I had the special crawfish angel hair with porkbelly and it was fabulous.  We went with the chocolate mousse for desert which was perfection, light and fluffy. This surely will be a meal memory that will bring us back again.Cozy, intimate atmosphere, great ambiance, and friendly service.  My Salade Chèvre Chaud was wonderful, and Crêpe Saumon Fumé was extraordinary.  My friend had the Crêpe Bourguignonne--also very good, but a bit heavy handed.This little restaurant was a wonderful surprise. First of all, it's beautifully decorated and quaint and we noticed right away that it was full of happy locals. We shared a crab and spinach crepe and crawfish crepe. Both were outa-site delicious as well as fairly priced. The chocolate dessert crepe was clearly made in advance and put in a fridge (probably so it wouldn't melt the ice cream on top), so it was a little tough when it was served. Overall I'd give Nanou my highest recommendation. Basically they do staple New Orleans food preparations in crepe form. It's a respectful and simple twist on classic cuisine and a wonderful little place to eat.This is the place - the place to go when you're wondering, "what's genuine, what's REALLY good?" NOLA is a vibrant city with about 7 life-altering restaurants, but this one should top your list. Make the trip Uptown to Nanou's. You won't be sorry.One of my favorites. Classic French uptown. It's also a great bargain. The traditional crepes are always solid.Very French.  Very solid.  Interesting menu.  Cozy setting.  Great Uptown locale.This is a good little French bistro that's been operating for many years in the heart of Uptown New Orleans.  They have a great wine list, and the crepes for which they are known are excellent, as are the mussels.  
My main gripe about Crepe Nanou is that the mainstay of their seafood offerings is a filet of amberjack that seems to be frozen, which is simply unacceptable in a city known for its fresh seafood.  I could be wrong, but I've ordered it several times, and it just didn't seem fresh. That said, the dinner and dessert crepes are worth the stop. So, get a nice bottle of wine and stick with the crepes here.
I had to write a little update here. After posting this review, I received a private message, apparently from someone at the restaurant, insulting me and my taste in their frozen amberjack. Wow. I would drop to two stars for the unprofessionalism, but since I've eaten here roughly 15 times in as many years, I'll stick with my call.Great atmosphere. The art nouveau Parisian bistro motif sets off hunger pangs and desire for a nice glass of red wine.
Savory crab crepes, and several daily specials such as baked stuffed lobster and roasted whole redfish are tasty and expertly prepared. The wider than expected menu selection is reasonably priced.
Save room to split an order of crepes suzette.Tried La Crepe Nanou for the first time and had a great experience. The staff was friendly and attentive, the atmosphere was romantic, and the food was delicious. I had the filet, and it was cooked to perfection.  Did not get the chance to try the crepes but will definitely do so next time!Been many times. Food is always excellent and service is great. I especially recommend brunch with brandy milk punch and the cheese grits. Shrimp and grits, crabmeat crepe, sweet crepes...it's all great! The place is cute and very intimate. Love the atmosphere.Beautiful atmosphere, great food. This is cool modern space with a warm southern bohemian vibe. One is my favorites.Fabulous lunch today--- the special salad from last night (arugula, avocado, almonds, goat cheese, great spicey baby radishes ) topped with perfect grilled salmon ( all made by Alicia ).  I squeezed lots of lemon on top--- this could be a great standard dish called Healthy Entree-- just increase portion. 
This restaurant is cozy, romantic, and lively. 
Great service by Caitlin and the usual entertaining host Joe. A neighborhood gemA quaint/adorable/awesome French restaurant where prices are fair and the food is fantastic. The mussels are a must-have. Everyone raves about the crepes, and the dinner specials are usually fantastic. 
I've never been here without having to wait at least a little while, but you get in pretty quickly, and can have a reasonably-priced drink at the bar.The food was so good I had to personally thank the chef on Facebook immediately following dinner.
The food was so good my sister exclaimed "I LOVE WHEN FOOD IS GOOD." Something seemingly so obvious yet so pure, the table wholeheartedly agreed.
Order the Crêpe aux Ecrevisse (crawfish tails) or Crevettes (shrimp) or order them both. Even though it's the "same" dish with different proteins they alter the seasonings so that both stand alone as succulent entrees unto themselves. I love when that happens.Crepe Nanou is one of my most favorite restaurants in the entire world - and has been for longer than I can remember. Crepe Nanou offers authentic, simple, DELICIOUS food. Everything is always superb - I have never had a bad meal there. 
The salad dressings are house made and wonderful, and I usually mix the two together for the perfect concoction. 
They don't take reservations, and if you don't go early, you WILL wait. Even on a Tuesday night.  I love to sit outside when the weather is nice. 
I don't have a dish to recommend, because they are all fantastic. Crepe Nanou is cozy and romantic, and always delicious. Anything you order will be fantastic and made with love.
This review goes out to Little Man, the sweet orange tabby who always kept me company outside. I still think of him every time I go!One of the most interesting, tasteful, French restaurants I've ever been to! Although the place may look small upon entering, it can actually fit a very good amount of people. My favorite thing about this place is that they do not skimp out on the crawfish or crabmeat! 
What my table ordered and shared: 
Starters: 
Escargots de Bourgogne- snails? yes! yummm
Pate Charcuterie Board- one of the best charcuterie boards I've had, would've been good if they had a cheese selection. 
Main Dish: 
Crêpe au Crabe-(RECOMMENDED) Full of crab meat! Must try. 
Crêpe aux Écrevisses-(RECOMMENDED) The sauce was a spicy creamy flavor incorporated with many crawfish. Like i said, they do not skimp out on the seafood! 
Crêpe Bourguignonne- Not one of my favorites only because the other two crepes were exceptional! 
Dessert: 
Crêpe Antillaise- typical chocolate and banana crepes, I wouldn't recommend only because you can get this almost anywhere else. 
Although the crab ($18) and crawfish($14) are quite expensive for a crepe, I think they are totally worth it because there is just so much crab and crawfish (that you don't not have to peel/pick out yourselves), that its completely worth!Great place for a date. Beautiful decor and the service was fine.  We will recommend it to friends.I went here this evening and overall everything was pretty good. There were four of us in total and we ended up ordering two salads, the mussels and three creeps which was more than enough good for everyone.
The mussels had a really nice light broth which was good enough to eat like a soup and perfect for dipping with the warm crusty bread they brought to the table. My "tropical" salad had all of the right ingredients I love (artichokes, cucumber, heart of palm, tomato) but the dressing was lacking something. Although the presentation was pretty it was not easy to eat (I almost wanted to send it back to get "chopped") 
Between the four of us we had the crawfish, shrimp and Provençal crepes. The crawfish crepe was my favorite; served with a spicy cream sauce which was not super heavy. Shrimp were in a similar sauce minus the spice. The Provençal was definitely the healthier option, with no sauce and more of a veggie medley. I thought it was delicious, although the table voted me least favorite of the three. 
I also have to say that when we walked in it smelled like a bathroom - we tried to move tables but it didn't really help. We ended up convincing outsells that it was the smell of cheese...I hadn't been to Crepe Nanou in years. I went the other night with my mom for dinner, I love how the place is still the same as it was when I went years ago. I got the French Onion soup, which after that bowl is now my favorite place to get that kind of soup and the Crepe au Poulet. I finished the soup, oh man that melty cheese and the piece of bread soaking in the soup is amazing, I would have finished my crepe because it was equally delicious, but I was so full half way through it. It was very pretty to look at too. I need to not wait so long to go there again. It is such a good place.I see why my cousins like it. Had a great waitress and the food was really good. Tried the escargot. I think that could have been better though but not bad. It was just lacking in a little flavor. Had the beef tips crepe. It was like goulash in a thin pancake. It was really good. Also had the coffee banana dessert. I wasn't impressed unfortunately. Still would like to try other things.Mmm snails! So they have really good snails here. Some of the best French onion soup I've ever had. Also, a decent wine selection by the glass and some good drinks. Their crepe desserts are also pretty damn good. Solid spot to bring a date for drinks and dessert or some small plate dining. Oh yeah, and my waitress was really, really cute.Mussels, Fondue....   'nuff said!The food was good but the waiter was some redheaded asshole was what I remembered.
Wonderful mussels dripping in that wine & garlic sauce, soak up the juices with that french bread, had the salade de tropicale which was good but not so special, and being a pig had the l'aissette de fromage, a plate of cheeses and anymore food and you would have had to roll me out in a wheelbarrow.
There's a little rumor that our food was cooked by vietnamese crew in the back, Im not suprise but then again, vietnamese food has alot of french influence.  Ex. french bread, sauce are vinagretty, and cafes are abundant.
Next time i will have to be funny and ask for the chef to come out and speak french to me. ahahahah
Very crowded so get their early or else end up waiting outside which is cool because this little place is located Uptown on Prytania and Roberts, on a pretty busy little strip of Prytania.  You can have a drink outside while waiting, but just beware the wait.MUSSELS MUSSELS MUSSELS!!  You have GOT to stop here and order their mussels.  You just have to.  Like now.  Do it right now.  The broth is SO flavorful, the mussels themselves are good sized and delicious.  The bread they give you just takes it over the top.  The place is small and cute and the decor is awesome.  Service was great.  If you're a whiskey drinker like I am, I highly recommend the Josephine.  I also ordered the fruit crepe.  It was light and fresh and the whipped cream is different in a really good way.  The only thing I would change about the crepe is adding a splash of powdered sugar.  That would have taken it over the top.  I will most definitely be back here the next time I'm in New Orleans!  I could have stayed here for hours.  Made me feel like i was in france on a warm summer day.It has been a while since my last visit to La Crepe Nanou. Much of what I liked was still the same. Warm, inviting atmosphere, great wine list, perfectly warm bread brought to your table and of course perfectly served crepes. There were two distinct changes since my last visit that took me by surprise. The mussels/moules were good but lacked the depth of flavor they have had in the past. Additionally, the service was not as friendly as we have become accustom to. It was down right rushed. The highlight of our "quick meal" was the braised beef tip crepe. It was the first time trying that dish and it was perfectly prepared. The beef and mushrooms had a deliciousl flavor. The beef was perfectly tender. They were folded into a flawless crepe. 
An important note about this spot is that after years of no reaervstions, they are now taking reservations. Would have been important to know and they may want to get the word out about that. When we got there initially, they didn't want to seat us, but did get us a table without much of a wait.  My only other note is that a few years ago they closed for renovations. I'm happy they kept the warm rustic feel, but I was really hoping those renovations would add a few more tables. This has been a popular spots for years now, a few more tables would have been in order.I didn't want to be disappointed by this place because it is nice and the service is great and it's just so cute, but unfortunately the food is just not so good. The last time I went I got the snails and thought "ok, my fault, I ordered snails I obviously don't like snails", but this time I ordered a crab crepe an I promise every single bite had shells in it, am I being a baby? Is it wrong to not want shells in very bite of my meal? Someone please enlighten me. I also appreciate deveined shrimp when I eat shrimp without tails, which did not happen. I would suggest going here after you eat dinner to get drinks and dessert.The atmosphere/ambience is pretty good. The food was disappointing. The crepes are really bad, and really dry. You will need a good drink of water for that crepe to go down. Don't be fooled by the ambience or people there. If you want good crepe go somewhere else. If you want a nice little place to hangout or take someone on a date, then check it out.I have never had a crepe before and I tell ya.....WOW, so that's what I have been missing.....Shame on me!
Definitely, I most do if you want to enjoy a nice desert .I have been a long time fan of this restaurant but our last dining experience left much to be desired.  We walked in for a table for 2 and were advised of a 15 minute wait.  We were shown to the standing room only bar.  As we attempted to stand at the bar and have a glass of wine, it was apparent rather quickly we were in the way of the wait staff and other patrons trying to pass in the very cramped walkway. Thankfully we were seated rather quickly. The mussels which have been a fave of mine for years were definitely lack luster.  Not sure if the recipe changed or if they just weren't seasoned well last night, but definitely not the same that I have had prior.  The beef tip crepe was delish and the wait staff was prompt and on top of their tables.  All things considered, it was a decent meal.This restaurant has a problem. I'd they don't like the way you look, they give you a fake wait time to discourage you from eating. It's the worst behavior a restaurant can exhibit. Oh sure the food is very good, but no one should patronize a restaurant that discriminates for any reason. Make a statement and avoid this place.I went here a few months ago, but I've been neglecting my Yelp account so I'm not reviewing until now. I do remember that the service was great, that I & my two friends (one of whom is very picky) very much enjoyed our food & drinks, that there is a precious cat that hangs out outside & that although we got there just a little while before closing, we were not rushed at all. The pate was most memorable. It's not the best french meal I've ever had, but it was pretty darn good. I live in the neighborhood & plan on going again in the next month or so. A more detailed review will follow!Dinner at La Crepe Nanou is like stepping into a food time warp. It's a 1950s idea of a French restaurant. This is where Don Draper would take a date. No nouvelle cuisine, no molecular gastronomy, no forced ethnic eclecticism. Nope. Just classic French food done the old-fashioned way. I doubt the menu has changed in 30 years. This could be a recipe for a creaky, outmoded disaster, but everything at this place is impeccable. The food is delicious, the ambiance is old-world romantic, the service is great, and it's an awesome location right off Prytania, close to St. James Cheese Company and The Creole Creamery. The crepes are wonderful, but I usually have the French Onion Soup and Salade Nicoise, because they are both French bistro staples and it really completes the time warp effect of this place. The soup is the classic preparation, served in a little crock with a crouton and melted cheese on top. The salad is a southern French-Mediterranean classic, and La Crepe Nanou does an amazingly faithful version, with high-quality canned tuna (yes CANNED...if you're served a Nicoise with seared tuna on it, it's not accurate), and a delicious dijon vinagriette served in a little carafe on the side. I suggest a champagne cocktail such as a Kir Royal with your dinner, or go for some red wine if that's your thing. La Crepe Nanou even has a really docile cat that lives at the restaurant! Highest recommendation.The ambiance saved the place.  The food was acceptable and the service upheld the ideals of French apathy.This is one of my top restaurants! I love the atmosphere and the food is delicious. I recommend the crawfish crepe with lobster sauce. 4 out of 5 because its only open for dinner, so it limits the opportunity to go.My past review of this establishment seems to have mysteriously disappeared...
This is an amazing French Bistro that as its namesake indicates offers crêpes along with other traditional bistro fare.  They offer good seafood options along with a delicious selection of expected bistro options.  They offer nice desserts along with good cheese selections.  They have an affordable selection of quality wine, liquor and beer.  The ambiance is quite simply magically fantastic while the service is usually on point they do have hiccups occasionally depending on the server.  They also are open a bit later than some other options these days and offer a Sunday Brunch.  This is certainly a marvelous place to bring a date for an enjoyable evening.
Fun Fact:  I don't particularly care for crêpes and I've tried them in multiple places and flavors in France but I've never actually tried them at La Crêpe Nanou.INCREDIBLE. 
We waited 45 minutes for our table, and we were fully aware of how long we were gonna have to wait because the owner is extremely vigilant and makes sure that he greets everyone and tells them what the situation is. He was just nice, and we were in the mood for waiting and it was SO worth the wait. The place is cozy and charming. We did not wait long for our food. I got the spinach bacon and boiled egg crepe and AHHHH SWOON. Yes, just yes.
It is a little ridiculous that they do not take reservations. They are obviously busy enough. Maybe because it's such a small restaurant? *shrug*
If you can afford it, eat here. Just do yourself a favor. Make sure you get a crepe for dessert.I FOUND A CIGARETTE BUTT IN MY BOWL OF MUSSELS!!!!  Let me start with that. I was drinking the broth with a spoon and found a cigarette butt in it!!! The waiter came over and was obviously very nervous and had no idea what to do... I asked to see the manager or the owner... we sat there for 20 mins without ANYONE ever coming to apologize or acknowledge the situation... finally I got up and stood by the kitchen, where I could see the owner, and when he walked out I introduced myself and he wouldn't even look me in the eyes. He walked around me and was trying to get away from me. I stood in front of him, and said" I love this place and have been coming here for years and I don't want to turn this into a big deal but I found a cigarette butt in the food I was eating. How could this happen?!"  I also told him that I am the manager of a restaurant that he has eaten in  many times... his response? " do you know that smoking isn't allowed in Louisiana?  I'm going to stand behind my staff and say that they are not responsible for this." And then HE BLAMED ME!! I have never been so insulted in my life!! I have eaten at this restaurant many many times and have always loved it so it pains me to tell this to the world and had I even gotten one apology I probably wouldn't have, but to be accused of doing it my self it insanely absurd!!! I am so sad and disappointed... needless to say I will never be back.  I honestly can't believe the lack of remorse and don't understand why this was handled this way.This place was good, I would come again. I came for brunch, and even though it wasn't very crowded the service was SUPER SLOW! My two friends and I all ordered crepes (which shouldn't take that long). They were good crepes but i'm not sure they were worth that long of a weight! personally the coffee was to bitter for me (but thats just personal preference). I would like to come back and try a different menu item. Also a little pricy?This is a cozy, charming little French bistro with a loyal clientele. Great food, and confident, knowledgeable servers. 
If you're from New Orleans and live Uptown you've discovered this place and love it. If you're from out of town you should check it out. This is the kind of place that locals love, and it's what makes New Orleans restaurant scene special. 
What to order? Ask the waiter or waitress. Here's my favorite ploy: say "if your best out of town friend came in what would you steer them to, or encourage them to try?"
Works every time.I love this place! I stumbled on this place back when I went to school in the city and have been back many times since. The ambiance is lovely, and our servers have always been very knowledgeable and friendly! My sisters and I really like the sweetbreads, but you'd be just as happy with the slightly cheaper crepes.I should preface this review with the positives. The atmosphere was classy but friendly and social, and the table service was excellent. The pate and sausage appetizer was delicious. I had a crepe with beef tips and a side of fries. The fries were godd, but a bit over salted. The beef tips were beautifully cooked and the potato garnish was good. The sauce was a tad bland, but overall the crepe dish was better than average.
Now for the bad stuff. I had never eaten here before, but I certainly understand that a popular restaurant on a Friday night may have a wait.  Some customers chose to wait inside at the bar and order drinks.  We didn't want to drink alcohol at that point, so we waited outside.  After about 35 minutes the maitre'd came out and told us that there were several two-person tables being cleaned, and we would be seated shortly. After another 10 minutes past we noticed a couple that had arrived just after us (but had been at the bar) was being seated. The maitre'd stuck his head out the door and said that our table was almost ready. I replied, "That's great, because I just noticed a couple who was on the list behind us just sit down."  He gave a cursory apology, but then excused his mistake by telling us that it was "crazy seating everyone waiting at the bar."  When he finally led us to tbe table, he again said he was sorry, but that next time we "should come in and wait at the bar," because "it helps to be closer when he is trying to seat people."  So rather than simply keeping track of his waiting list accurately and seating people in the order in which they arrive, he shifts the blame to the customers, ostensibly for not anticipating his incompetence. I sarcastically told my friend, "Next time I suppose we should go to the bar and order drinks that we don 't actually want, just so we can receive fair treatment."  I hope the maitre'd heard me.One of THE finest French dining establishments I've been to outside of Paris.  The ambiance is simply amazing!
From the drinks at the bar, and interesting chats with new friends to the table setting, La Crepe Nanou is top notch!
I chose the fish stew (special of the day), while my dining companions enjoyed sweetbreads and steak.  All in all, it was a magnificent dining experience and THE place I would recommend should you be in N'Orleans!Very romantic French bistro with a fantastic menu.  I liked how the menu has a number of appetizer/a la carte/crepe options that can be mixed and matched in a "tapas like" fashion.  The entrees are extensive as well if you prefer a one plate, larger portion dinner.
I had the Crepe Florentine, my girlfriend ordered the french onion soup and we split an order of pommes frites with the Bearnaise sauce and an order of escargots.  The escargots were very tender and the garlicky butter sauce they were served in was incredible!  This was plenty of food for the two of us and we had room for dessert.  However we had somewhere to be and were  unable to try any :(  I feel like many restaurants these days never leave room for dessert with the large portion sizes that have become so common.
They do not take reservations but we did not wait longer than 10min and we showed up on a Saturday night at 8pm.
**They do not take American Express. No big deal just a heads up!Absolutely delicious with amazing wait staff.  Clams are to die for.  We love this place.I like this place. It's like high cuisine for the masses. Ended up getting the onion and cheese crepe which is like French onion soup in crepe form. Delicious. I can also highly recommend the lentils, probably the best I've ever had and I definitely know my legumes. They also do daily specials that change, well, every day.
They have a great selection of wines and a full bar to accompany/preview/cap off your meal as well and from the taste of the martini my friend had the bartenders know their business.
The restaurant layout is a nice touch PO with one half being more "traditional" with bigger tables for groups and the other half is set up sort of like a sidewalk cafe complete with murals. Definitely a good date restaurant, very intimate if you want it to be with the smaller sidewalk style tables.
Service was excellent and friendly, waters were kept full throughout.
Overall a very pleasant experience, good food that might swing to a bit of he right of the price-distribution curve, particularly if you stray from the crepe menus, but well worth it.My boyfriend and I went to La Crepe Nanou on a date for my birthday and it was fabulous!! I must admit, we only went for the dessert, but it was so delicious we will definitely return!! I had the Crepe Mont Blanc and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a fancy and scrumptious dessert! My only complaint is that it was not as quiet and cozy as I had hoped.First of all, the ambiance is delightful in this place. I'm a sucker for Christmas lights and I enjoy feeling like I'm outside even though I'm inside, especially during sticky Summertime. My boyfriend admitted asking his friends where to take me for a dinner date and one friend suggested La Crepe Nanou saying, "chicks love that place." Although I don't usually enjoy being part of girl stereotype, I freely admit I love this place.
The mussels are wonderful, and are the first thing I think of when someone brings up this restaurant. For me, mussels must come with a "bread-dunking" worthy sauce and these do not disappoint. 
The only reason for not giving 5 stars is that some of the Crepes can be a little heavy-duty (rich), but that should be expected from a French restaurant. 
All in all, a wonderful restaurant for a date, girls night, or impressing visitors without breaking the bank.Really good neighborhood joint with good food, a nice atmosphere, and a smart wine list.  My fish was a bit overcooked but the sauce definitely made up for it, while the beef bourgignon crepe was excellent despite not really being fare.  The space is cramped and there's no place in the bar area to wait for a table or eat so that confirms it as 4 stars but I would definitely come again for the food.La Crepe Nanou is one of my favorite places in New Orleans!  Everything from the food to the ambiance is superb.  I'm a huge fan of anywhere you can sit outside on a nice evening, and their sidewalk seating is very nice.
Their entire menu is excellent and incredibly reasonably priced, especially considering the quality.  I always have to order the mussels to start, and everything I've gotten as an entree has been great!  If it's your first time going, order a crepe (duh), always so richly and perfectly filled.  Hands down, my favorite thing is the sweetbreads; perfectly cooked every time with stellar flavor!French onion soup was fabulous! The rest of our Sunday brunch was a disappointment. The pomme frites were commercial cut frozen fries & the thick vinegary béarnaise was a blob. Nothing was hot except the soup. The cute neighborhood restaurant was irritatingly noisy today. Service was slow, scattered and salad ordered never served. Our Mimosa & iced tea glasses stood empty without refill or inquiry. We were so unimpressed we did not order a dessert crepe. 
Overall...food & presentation were only average. The service team must have better days!Everything about this place is French.  You definitely feel like you've been transported to another country.  The seating is iron garden furniture at teeny tiny metal and glass tables.  They seated a party of three at a table that would have been comfortable for one.  Order a coke and it comes in a teeny tiny glass bottle, which they graciously charge $2 each.  The glasses of water they provide hold maybe a few sips.  Then they heavily salt all their food so you're parched and desperate for anything to drink.  I guess that's the ploy to get you to drink more alcohol?  We were thoroughly annoyed we kept having to ask the waitress to keep refilling our glasses.
The crepes themselves are very good.  I had the crab crepe and it was large enough for two.  We also started with a cheese platter which was good and wasn't too overpriced.  And dessert of course was delicious because who doesn't love a crepe?  But on the account of the fact they purposely dehydrate you, we will not be returning.  C'est la vie!This place is so romantic.  I especially love the outside seating when the weather is nice.  There was a chubby cat that hung out around the tables walking back and forth.  He was so cute!  This place reminds me of sitting in cafes in Paris.
For my visit I had a seasonal salad with berries and goat cheese and the crepe au poulet.  The curry sauce was savory and not too strong.   Both were delicious.   The service was friendly and attentive as well.  Overall, a great experience.This was definitely an interesting change of pace for us.  The setting was beautiful and we were in a large group so were treated well.  The food was okay, I wasn't blown away.  It was kind of spendy so I'm not positive I'll return, but I'm glad I got the chance to try it.Another awesome place to bring a friend. Great wine selection. Great food. Service has always been great. The crabmeat crepe is usually what I order. Yum!My boyfriend and I had a wonderful meal at this adorable French restaurant. Although this place had outdoor seating (which I love) we decided to sit inside to check out the ambiance. The interior was such a nice surprise! Great lighting to really "set the mood", but not too dark so that you couldn't read the menu. We got there between 7 and 8 pm on a Friday night and were seated within 10 minutes. 
I got the Crepe Provencale and my boyfriend ordered the Crepe aux Crevettes. These crepes were so good and very filling! Both of our dishes came with sliced potatoes and haricot vert (French style green beans.) For dessert we picked the Crepe Calvados, the apples melted in your mouth, but the crepes had soaked up so much of the brandy, it was almost unedible. 
Overall it was a wonderful dinner and we left feeling full and happy. We will definitely return to try the mussels and give it another go with a different dessert!Appetizer--check. Soup--check. Crepe entree--check. Dessert--wish I left more room for it, but what I did eat was delicious! It was served flambé, soaked in rum and oh so delicious, and not too sweet. I also didn't expect a crepe place to have such a great dinner menu. La Crepe Nanou definitely ranks up there with the best of New Orleans.Update: 12/26/17:
Like a little lovers quarrel, any possible rifts have been mended and Crepe Nanou is once again nothing but excellent!!!Had another lovely experience at La Crepe Nanou.  It never disappoints.  Every time I go, I tell myself that I should go there more often.
On this visit, we decided to just go for dessert and some port.  That quickly turned into appetizers and desserts...even though we'd already had dinner. Yeah...don't judge. LOL
We started off with the Gratin De Fruits De Mer for $11.  It's a Seafood Gratin: Local shrimp, crabmeat and fish baked in lobster sauce with Gruyère. Basically you're dipping crusty bread into a pool of seafood drowning in cheese.  Yes, it's pretty amazing!  I get this every single time I go to La Crepe Nanou.
We then had some French fries with béarnaise sauce.  The French fries weren't cooked enough. We sent them back.  They came back perfectly crispy.  Since the fries had to be sent back, our waitress removed the béarnaise sauce from our bill, which was nice.
For dessert I had the Crêpe Marrons for $8.  It's a crepe filled with chestnut cream and topped with coffee ice cream and rum flambé. It's lit on fire tableside.  It wasn't the first time I've had this dessert, and it won't be the last. It's delish!
We each had a glass of port with dessert.  It was reasonably priced at $7 a glass, and it was really good.
Our server did a fine job.  She was attentive and efficient.  No complaints there.
As usual, I would recommend La Crepe Nanou.Oh La Crepe, how I've loved you... Like a generous lover you've been the gracious, beautiful setting for so many first dates and sweet nothings whispered at a cozy table... Your succulent mussels, impeccable pate's, escargots that'd make you forget the best ( worst) promises I (n)ever made... I would keep returning to you, over and over... Standing at the bar waiting my turn just to taste your whole grilled redfish with a side of bearnaise or the sweet departing kiss of your Crepe Nanou...you were my one true and best love
But lately....
At first o could not quite put my finger on it. Maybe you were cranky, maybe you had a stressful day. the first time I got seated (on a Saturday!!! ) within the first 30 minutes I was counting my blessings and good timing. The next time I thought; "Hmmmm...."
Your Esgargots were still great. ( then again, how can you screw up shoving a snail in a hole and topping it with garlic butter???)
Now, your mussels...that's another story... what used to be luscious, rich broth of herbs, garlic and white wine good enough to bathe in contained nary a morsel of  the good stuff.... and the portion size had changed drastically as well and npot for the better.
The  Crepe Nanou that used to be richly topped with the best Hagen Dasz slowly melting is now replaced with crappy Borden ice-cream that can't even stand up half the crepe.
Baby, you've changed... and I don't know  that I love you anymore.My fella brought me here for a pre-Valentines day dinner on 2.13 & it was the perfect spot. The place oozes romance. They don't take reservations so we had a small wait, which gave us a chance to have a drink. The bartender was very sweet & knowledgeable. Although it was a busy night, we were sat rather quickly. Server was great and the food was so excellent we sadly didn't have room for dessert. I highly recommend this place for a romantic meal. If you just went through a break-up, this is not your spot.We ate there last night on a one day trip back to NOLA, where I resided at turn of the century. A lot has changed since the hurricane. Ordered the seafood Crepe which was not what I expected. Thought it would be stuffed with seafood. Wrong! I will order the Salmon next time or one of the pasta dishes. Still, the escargot was good and the atmosphere is great.Meal was great along with the wonderful service and we liked all the crepes we ordered and loved the sweetbreads. The Crepe Nanou is definitely a standout amongst the desserts. I can't give it 5 stars because my shrimp were gritty. They were inconsistently deveined if that caused it, but it kinda detracted from the meal.Cozy french cafe feel. Beautiful entres that are perfectly prepared. Fantastic service. Must try the mussels! Our server was very attentive and refilled our drinks and bread several times before we ever ran out.
Just a really charming place with high quality food.We liked this place so much we made sure to get an apartment within walking distance. :)We went on a Friday night. There was about a 45 minute wait but it was well worth it. The food is delicious!!! I had the crab crepe and my friend had the crawfish crepe. They give you a lot of crab and the cream sauce and cream spinach are superb! I'll definitely be back.Had supper on Sept 6, 2012.  Food and service were great.  However, there was a small child in the far corner of the dinning room that kept crying out throughout the meal and was very disturbing.  Myself and a number of other patrons complained to the manager to see if he could do something about the noise.  He basically refused to approach the customer.  I would suggest to future patrons to reconsider if they enter and a child is screaming.The best thing at this restaurant is a dessert crepe. I've had the crepe nanou and the strawberry and chocolate. The ice cream and fillings are amazing!! 
I've also had the mussels and a good salad, but the dessert crepes are what I dream about and have returned just for them.You've had a shitty day, and no one to blame but yourself. What could be more soothing than dining in a dimly-lit, romantic setting?
I'm not a fan of the crepe. It seems, well, lazy. But fortunately, there's plenty to choose from and it's all quite lovely. If you are a French onion soup fan, you've hit the motherlode after one sip. It touches all the flavor points and then some.
I'll go back when I'm ready for the FLFL and do it right.
FLFL?
Fucking Long French Lunch.I cannot believe I have not written a review on here about this place yet! It is a travesty. I LOVE LA CREPE NANOU!!!! It may not be innovative, you may walk in and go... this is a little bit cliche....., and it may be crowded, but, I guarantee after one visit you'll be yearning for the next.
This place does not do reservations so don't try. Drive or stroll on over, head in the door of the cutest little building ever, and wait for the extremely cheerful host to take your name. While you are waiting sample some of the amazing cocktails or gander at the delightful wine list. They really do have a great selection.
Ok so now you're at your table. Make sure to peek over at the hardly illuminated specials menu as they really have great gems there. Last time I got the duck a' l'orange which was delicious. French onion soup is definitely another must. I also LOVE to order the whole fish. It is such a great interactive dining experience and they cook it to crisp juicy perfection.
All of the staff to my experience have been absolutely perfect. I simply love this place. It is classic French food done right with no gimmicks. PERFECT date spot. Give it a try.I have been eating there since they opened.  Cutting corners & trying to live off a reputation.  Much better when owned by Nanoou.One of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans.  The fondue is delicious, and anything and everything with lamb is highly recommended.  I'm not a huge fan of desserts, and the one time I had a dessert crepe here, I was underwhelmed, but I am not a good sample because I really couldn't care less about desserts.  I got the crepe with Gran Marnier and some other stuff.Heard endless great reviews about this place, however my experience was OK.  Don't deviate from the crepes, the rest of the menu is just so-so.  Looking forward to give this place another shot and finding out what their specialties are!This is a classic French bistro, pretty close to the real thing, you can almost pretend you're in Paris. Sort of.  Its a real neighborhood place for many years, an Uptown mainstay where things don't change much.  Anyone wanting to discover the real New Orleans needs to ride the streetcar from the Quarter to Soniat and walk the 2 blocks here for real French Onion soup  or Steak Frites ... and lots of other classics.I had the mussels followed by the crab crepe and was overall pleased. The mussels are a great deal, a well stuffed bowel with a delicious garlicky, white wine and some sort of creaminess. The crab crepe was very cream rich and heavy, but the crepe was too thick compared to the filling. The crab was not that recognizable texturally but was still tasty. 
Ambience and decor was romantic, gentlemen take notice. Cocktails were superb and I recommend this as a great date place. Oh and service was wonderful.DELICIOUS!!  Mussels/frites are the best here.  Love the crab crepes.  The only downer about this place is the long wait and the small crowded dining area. Extremely noisy but the food makes up for it.Bread was great, French onion soup was good, wine selection was good, service was perfect, my salad was simple and great, and mussels were yummy. Fries weren't crisp enough, but dessert crepe was fantastic. Very romantic and cozy place. Loved it.Excellent atmosphere and service. Our waitress was the sweetest girl and very helpful with menu selections. Everything I put on my mouth was heaven: French baguette with quality butter, mussels in a garlic butter sauce that my friends and I began eating like soup once the mussels disappeared, and the killer crawfish crepe with lobster sauce. We were shocked by how many crawfish tails they manage to stuff in that little pocket of awesome. Even the side steamed green beans and potatoes tasted like the place had a hidden garden in the back where the dug up our potatoes during the appetizer. I highly recommend!!!Gentlemen of New Orleans,
   If you have a special lady (or man) that you want to wine and dine without maxing out your credit card, take them to La Crepe Nanou.  I had been admiring the restaurant from the outside every time I had downgraded my dinner plans to Pizza Hut.  A year and a half after moving to NOLA, I finally made my first trip to La Crepe Nanou, and I anticipate many more visits.
  The atmosphere and ambiance is romantic, intimate, and very NYC.  From the curtain at the entrance, the mostly 2-4 tops, dim red lighting and mirrors, I often thought I had been transported to a chic Greenwich hotspot.
  One of my favorite things about La Crepe Nanou is the unpretentious wine list.  When entree prices do not top $25, there is no need for a $50-$100 wine list. We enjoyed a White Burgundy which was not memorable, but not bad and complimented our dinner.
  We started with the mussels, and were not disappointed.  For dinner, I ordered the Crepe aux Ecrevisses (crawfish tail crepe w/ lobster sauce) and my date had the Crepe au Poulet (chicken in white wine sauce).  The crepes were large and stuffed to the brim.  I assume my date enjoyed his, because it had vanished from his plate in a matter of minutes.  The crawfish crepe was savory and delicious and a big enough portion for me to require a to-go box.
  For dessert, we again ordered a crepe, the Crepe Calvados, with the sweet brandy and apple flambe.  The presentation of lighting the crepe was great, however if the brandy portion was halved, I could have eaten the crepe without my eyes watering and feeling like I am taking a shot of whiskey with each bite.  
  Last, but certainly not least, the service was perfect.  Attentative, timely, and not at all imposing.  Our server was helpful in recommending dishes.
   I will definitely be back to La Crepe Nanou.  I am excited about exploring both the crepes and entree items while I am living here in NOLA.  So if there are any gentlemen callers out there, you know where to take me!Well I was excited about coming here. I had the french onion soup and my husband had the salad with the hearts of palm artichoke and a dijon dressing. That was wonderful. Let me back up a bit. The server we had was very nothing. He rattled off the specials with no excitement whatsoever took our order and pretty much forgot we were even there. We also ordered the jumbo lump crabmeat and spinach crepe and the salmon crepe. After forgetting to turn our order in and thinking we would not notice that the people 2 tables over ordered after us and was on desert he said our food would be right out. False when it finally came out my crepe smelt bad and looked like someone threw up spinach on my plate. My husband asked if I had mashed potatoes on my crepe that is how horrible the crabmeat looked. Anyone who has had jumbo lump crabmeat knows that it is beautiful big lumps of crabmeat. I guess he thought we would not notice that either. Our crepes were cold and the cheese had congealed. Soooo disappointed and no one took the time to even come to the table and asked what was wrong. I don not think I will return for a second try. Too many other great  dining options to pick from in mid city.Went here with a coworker a couple of weeks ago. I ordered the crawfish tails crepe and she ordered the smoked salmon crepe. Meals came out promptly and were very delicious. The portion of the crepe is perfect for one person. The waiter service was excellent. The only reason they didn't get five stars is because soda's were not refillable. We each ordered a coke which came in a really cute glass bottle (very retro!) but at a charge of $2 a piece. Just a matter of personal taste but that can add up quickly. Also, for being a crepe place, the dessert was not impressive. Basically, it was crepe's with different ice cream flavors. Could have been more inventive!  Not suitable for large groups because it can fill up quickly and space is at a premium. However, a great intimate date location or just a night with the girls.We ate here last Sunday. We've eaten here a few times over the years. The restaurant is small and very charming and the food has always been great. 
But unfortunately, the wait staff isn't always what it should be. I think our server ( Gonzales J,... what was printed on the bill) could have cared less about anything we ordered. She never told us about the specials of the night, which we saw on a chalkboard as we were leaving, all of which sounded really good. She seemed to be in a hurry, even though they weren't very busy and they were heavily staffed. And when she flambeed the dessert crepe, she splashed rum all over the table, and me. Here's a hint, pour the rum onto the dessert,...then flambe it. Unfortunately she poured a little on the crepe, set it on fire, and then attempted to pour the rest onto it. That's just not very smart, not to mention, kind of dangerous! So as a result, I got an overly rummy tasting crepe marrons, since the alcohol wasn't properly burned off. Kind of ruined it for me. Especially, since I was really looking forward to having the crepe marrons again. Maybe we'll try it again next time we're in New Orleans. 
Unfortunately, a good meal was overshadowed by mediocre service and a poor finish with the dessert.This was one of my favorite eateries in NOLA. Everything about my meal was fantastic! 
They had a really tasty and somewhat large strawberry and goat cheese salad. So simple, but on a hot June evening it was refreshing. My crepe was very unique as it was a chicken curry vegetable crepe. A little India...A little France - it was NICE!
The service was good too - our waiter came by when needed, but was not hovering over us. He made good recommendations and just oozed Southern NOLA hospitality. 
This is a great place for a date or romantic dinner or even a girls night out. It was really cool to see this group of ladies next to us who were obviously a couple of generations of women from the same family. It felt so homey and inviting in there. Definitely recommend if you are visiting. It's worth the trek out of the downtown area.Consistently a favorite for quality, service and atmosphere! 
Always a seductively good meal. Small and very well run French bistro..Moules and frites; fondue, salad, and a bottle or 2 of wine. 
As "Ida Postiglione" would say..yummy!Nice little spot in Uptown. Been here twice and thought the food was good. A bit pricey but seems like any place you sit and eat in New Orleans, youre going to spend $20+ for an entree. French onion soup is killer.Awesome atmosphere. I love moules meuniere, but they use ouzo or some kind of licorice in their version. Good, but not great as far as mussels are concerned. Everyone else at my table had food (savory and dessert crepes) that was heavenly. 
The ambiance is enough to make this restaurant a winner. Take someone special here on a date. It's perfect for it. It gets real packed on Friday and Saturday nights though, so be warned. Also, the wine list is a bit steep, but it's all really good French wine. (No seriously, the wine list is entirely French. No California).This has been one of my favorite restaurants that we've been frequenting ever since they opened many years ago.  Until this past week I would have given them a 5 star rating.
We've always loved the quaint, warm feel of this lovely Parisian-style place.   Their food's been remarkably consistent, particularly when it comes to the delicious and authentic Parisian style crepes.
Unfortunately things seem to be changing, and not for the better.  
On our visit this week we ordered the crab crepe and the Salmon crepe. The crepes have always been almost identical to what we've gotten in Paris -- a beautiful light tan color with a tender, moist texture and delicious taste.  
When the crepes arrived at our table, to our surprise they looked very different from normal. They now contain quite a bit of some dark blue or black material and the texture is reminiscent of dry cardboard.  
Our waitress said they are now putting "buckwheat" in them.  While buckwheat certainly seems to be popular in pancakes, I've never heard of it being used in crepes.  But we wanted to try the new recipe with an open mind.  
Unfortunately the buckwheat was dry, coarse and lacking in taste in comparison to the once juicy and succulent preparation.
We asked our waitress if there had been a change in ownership and she said no. So I asked to speak to a manager -- not to complain, but just to let them know that we wouldn't want to order that dish again and that we much preferred the previous recipe.
Apparently there was no manager on duty so the chef came to our table.  He was polite -- in kind of a passive, almost hostile way -- and from his expression he seemed pretty unhappy and annoyed to be bothered with this.  
When we told him we were voicing our concerns because as long term customers we really liked the restaurant and wanted it to continue to be successful -- his response was that he and the owner had decided to add the buckwheat because it helped "hold things together better",  and they hadn't gotten any complaints.  
So, I get the feeling they have pride of ownership in the new recipe and are probably not open to changing back, particularly as they didn't seem too happy to hear our concerns.
I hope I'm wrong, but If not we won't be going back.  Sad.I have been to Nanou on so many occasions in the past 25 years I cannot even begin to count them. I have never been disappointed. But my last dinner there one beautiful Fall evening demonstrates not only why this is a great restaurant but why the dining experience is more than the food on the plate. It's a combination of the food, the service, the ambience, and the company you keep. 
First the food. Nanou is a favorite of mine because  I love everything French, from the language to the poetry to the women to the food and wine. And French bistro fare is a favorite. When I lived in France as a poor college kid, I was unable to experience the great Parisian bistros. So when I get a chance to experience one transplanted to America, I take full advantage. Nanou's food does not disappoint. Although its name suggests you order crepes, I rarely do. But my dining comanion ordered a crawfish crepe with lobster sauce which I found very well done and tasty. There were no chunks of lobster but rather shrimp in the sauce which was a little odd. And frankly I'm not even sure there was any lobster, but it was good nonethless. The vegetable medley was "meh!" as accurately described by my companion. I had the special which was 2 perfectly pan sauteed red snapper filets topped with the lobster sauce and grilled vegetables a cote which were appreciably better than the sauteed ones. For dessert the Crepe Belle Helene (poached pears, vanilla ice cream, and the perfect amount of chocolate sauce) was quickly reduced to a white puddle.  I can also recommend the following dishes with a clear conscience -- moules frites (awesome and classic), grilled whole fish, lamb chops, assiete de crudites. I do agree with my dining companion's slight criticism of the food -- it does not wow you. It's just classic French food expertly executed. 
Now the rest. The service was almost invisible but there when you needed it. There was even a cat who helped with the leftovers. The setting was lovely too. Generally I sit indoors which is one of those interiors that transports you once you enter to another time and place. You really feel like you have left NOLA for Paris, and that's a good thing. But the weather was so beautiful, we opted for a sidewalk table. So there we were, eating, drinking sauvignon blanc from the Loire Valley, and most importantly, talking, having fun, and enjoying a beautiful experience.As soon as you walk through the door, you will feel like you are at a cafe in France. Wait staff is awesome...attentive but by no means do they rush you. Crepes are excellent. Great atmosphere. We went here for our anniversary and cannot say enough about the experience. We will definitely be back!Went for Sunday brunch food was very good, name says it all, my wife ate crepe's and she said it was one of the best she ate! I had the mussels and it was very good, I will recommend this place to anyone who likes crepes! The wine sauce for mussels was missing a piece of bread, may be they should start serving.
Restaurant staff were very friendly, there was a drunk table and staff never said anything to the drunk table! 
The service was very slow and they kept forgetting the orders. its a small restaurant can only seat 40-50 pple, expect longer wait if you go for dinners.Found this place on a whim, and so glad I did! Such a cute place with string lights, makes you really feel like you are in Europe! The pasta and the cheese board with complementary bread were delicious. Enjoyed this little spot and would recommend!DO NOT order the steak. What a disappointment. Waste of a meal. 
Our waitress was fine but awkward, and our meal was rushed. 
The escargot is usually the best I have ever eaten, but this time it was cold. Such a poor experience. This place used to be one of my favorite places, but I will not be back.We must have came on a busy night (Monday) because there was a slight wait. No worries because I was dying to try this place. 
 Our server was an older gentleman and he seemed to be "in the weeds". Not only that but he kept rushing us to order or take our food away. 
The entrees that we ordered wasn't particularly to either of our likings. My sister ordered their special which is the crawfish pasta and it was lacking flavor. Her bf ordered the fish and he said it was ok. I had the beef crepes and I didn't like it at all. However, it might just be the sauce. Sometimes the sauce can either kill or make a dish for a person. 
DESSERT!!!!! OH MY HOLY ALCOHOLIC AUNT!!!! The desserts were ahhhhh-mazing!  I ordered the la crepe nanou, I think, and I finished the whole damn thing by my fat ass self! It was creamy and sweet and fattening and was running all over my chin! Loved it! 
Would come back and try their other selections of crepes....hold the red wine reduction please!Went to celebrate a friend birthday. Cute little Resturant. And it is pretty small. We tried the mussels and it was delicious. Using the bread to dip in the sauce is heaven. My friends had the French onion soup and said it was the best they've had.  I had the crepe bourguignonne. It was good but not satisfying. I ended up not finishing up my own dish and ate the rest of my friend's Cotlettes d'Agneau-lamp chops. That was cooked at medium raw and it was awesome. The service was great. She was very attentive.I'll definitely come back here.  The crepe dishes, all savory, make an affordably nice meal.  We split a salad and soup and each ordered one, more than enough food for two.  They also have a handful of more pricey entrees and even a cheese fondue for two.
This isn't a bad place to bring a vegetarian!  The ratatouille crepe was a little bland but nothing a little black pepper can't fix, and the cheese and onion crepe leftovers are calling my name from the fridge right now.  There was also a veggie entree I didn't try.
Service could have been quicker but the atmosphere was enjoyable, the place started filling up after 8.This place is charming and delicious.  My boyfriend and I shared the Crêpe aux Ecrevisse and the Crêpe Bourguignonne which were both rich and delicious.  Still the best part of the meal was hands down the Crêpe Marrons  for dessert.  I always love a dish that starts out on fire but the coffee ice cream stole the show.  The prices are also rather reasonable ~$12 a entree.
Now, I don't normally say anything bad about waiters but ours kept walking away in the middle of our order.  I had to call her back twice so we could finish and she looked angry at us for wasting her time.  We weren't even debating over what to eat or mulling over the menu she just decided to walk away randomly.  Also I love the atmosphere and I didn't take stars off for this but I hate tiny heavy outdoor metal seating inside.  It is incredibly uncomfortable and they kind of squish you in so you can't avoid your iron maiden.Fantastic meal with perfect service - mussels were plump and delicious and salads were fresh and perfectly dressed. Never disappointed here !This was a great treat for our group.  From the awesome mussels and delicious french onion soup, to the filet mignon that was perfectly cooked, we really enjoyed ourselves at this uptown hidden gem.  The service was friendly and gave good recommendations to please our taste buds.  They were even able to seat our group of 8 in a relatively short amount of time on a Friday night!One of the wife's favorite places. Great french food modestly priced. Had the crepe with crabmeat and spinache which was delicious. Service is friendly and prompt and good atmosphere. Great atmosphere with smaller venue, bar and french staffOkay, first bias - I didn't pay. Now let's get on with it.
Great service! The wine kept flowing and was chilled, water was always full, and all smiles. The onion and swiss crepe was amazing, the cheeses were so good, and holy amazing pear and chocolate crepe. 
I finally felt like I was on vacation here, the atmosphere was cool - maybe the wine helped :)This is my favorite restaurant in NO.  I know that there are tons of good choices in this dining Mecca, but Crepe Nanou never disappoints.  I have been eating here for over 12 years and have never been disappointed.  This is the closest thing to a true Parisian bistro that I have found in the US.  The menu has not changed in years.  Simply classic French bistro dishes cooked to perfection.  My personal favorites are the lamb chop, the salad tropical, the mussels, and the chocolate mousse.  The crepes are great too.  The fries are amazing and if you ask for bernaise sauce, taste even better!  Low in cholesterol, it is not, delicious it is!  Also the $12 corkage fee coupled with a nice wine shop two doors away, makes for a nice addition to the dinner.I love the place here! It has a very French vibe and goes perfectly with New Orleans as a whole. The food is great and original! The cappuccino is out of this world! I love the cappuccino and like I have mentioned before, it tastes amazing and original! Overall, this place is great 10/10 would come back again when I'm in town :)Oh how I love this place!  I have been wanting to visit La Crepe Nanou for years and finally made it happen on my recent business trip to New Orleans.  Such a quaint dining room with professional service and simply delicious food.  I enjoyed the crepe provencale with a side of haricots verts followed by the exquisite mousse au chocolat...seriously, my absolute perfect dinner!One of my favorite places to eat in NOLA! SO delicious and reasonably priced! get the cheese board!Came here for my sister's birthday and it was AWESOME! Such a cute and quaint atmosphere, great for a family dinner. I had the shrimp and angel hair pasta and it was so tastey...the shrimp were huge! My family had the crab crepe and salmon filet (we all shared because everything looked so great)! The servers are always very friendly and accommodating..it was super hot outside and the serve had to have refilled my water glass 8 times lol. A little pricey for just a casual dinner (even though the prices are totally worth it!), but i will definitely be back for a special occasion.Consistently good food and a lovely bistro atmosphere. Usually outstanding wait staff and tasty fare make this a solid choice Uptown for French-inspired cuisine.Showed up for our brunch reservation to discover they had decided to take the afternoon off without having the courtesy to give us a call so we wouldn't come all the way out here for nothing. Incredibly rude.LOVE: ATMOSPHERE, very romantic/french bistro 
             FOOD, you dont see crepes everywhere in the city. 
Best crepe (Ive tried 6)  is the shrimp or crawfish with lobster sauce.The filet mignon, mussels, escargot and french onion soup all delicious too. 
            BAR:  no chairs at bar but decent wine bottle prices, the house champagne happens to be one of my favorites
NO LOVE: SERVICE, maybe they are trying to mimic the french snobs? But my post valentines dinner last night was almost runied by our waitress :(  Dont know her name but she had straight bangs, blondish color  
                    NO RESERVATIONS, theres always a wait because it s a small place and no place to stand inside while youre waiting
                    PARKING, good luckAs a local who is of French heritage, I think the best way to surmise my most recent experience here is: insulting.  My mother (also obviously French) was visiting from out of town and I was so excited to bring here here, as I adore this place.  However, I have only ever had salads, onion soup, and dessert crepes.  We ordered the fondue (way too expensive for what we received), a crab and creamed spinach crepe which was appallingly bad (why put creamed crab with creamed spinach?  It was a plate full of glorified baby food), and my salad which I have always loved, which was supposed to be Bibb lettuce, tomato, and goat cheese crostini, was regular spring mix.  My family owns a restaurant. I understand being out of an ingredient, but when it is one of 3 ingredients, it's a good idea to let the customer know before they order it so they can change their mind if they want (which i would have).  The waiter didn't check back with us for at least 25 minutes which surprised me because he is there every single time I've gone and seems to be on top of things, however this was my first time as his customer.  When he finally came back and I hadn't touched my salad, my mother literally had to put her arm in front of him to get him to stop.  He asked if everything was ok and she said, is that the lettuce that usually comes on that salad?  And he played absolutely dumb.  By that point we were beyond irritated and a crappy meal coupled with crappy service, plus the insult of the waiter acting like he had no idea what we were talking about, just cemented the other reviews here that this place is losing its touch.  So sad.  I live right down the street and will truly miss it here.This is one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans. It is one of those places where you know you won't be disappointed and the menu will have something for everyone. 
The "Crevettes au Vin Blanc" (shrimp sautéed in white wine + angel hair pasta) is a hit if you read the other reviews and I couldn't agree more. It is delicious and fulfilling. For dessert, I highly recommend the Crêpe Marrons or the Crêpe au Café. Also: make sure you have a drink - they have one of the best dirty martinis in New Orleans.
Hint hint: make reservations to avoid the tiny waiting area (where you will always feel like you're in the way of someone). It is great to bring friends, a date or have a romantic evening. For some reason, even when the place is full, the noise doesn't get in the way of your conversation (thank architects and interior designers for good acoustics!), which means, of course, bonus points!Fabulous French bistro. I've only been for dinner but have enjoyed it every time. There's a diverse menu, so you're definitely not limited to crepes. The wine is very good too. I like the way the restaurant is set up. There's various places to sit, each table giving you a different view of the restaurant. It's cool. The candlelit setting and decor of the restaurant add to its French feel.I went to dinner with friends. I was not impressed with my main meal. I ordered the 1/2 roasted chicken which was dry. The mushroom sauce was not good at all, very salty, they then brought the tarragon sauce which was very thick and not that good either. The french fries were good but the articot vert had a bitter taste. We did order the fondue was was very good. 
My husband is french so I am very familiar with french food. I was disappointed in this restaurant.
The waiter was not very friendly at all.
I would not go back to this restaurant.Saw this place earlier in the and it looked inviting so I went for dinner.  Inviting is not one of the words I would use to describe this place. 
The food was extremely bland for a local neighborhood restaurant, especially in New Orleans. The menu offers many enticing appetizers, salads. entrees and well as crepes. The staff on the other hand offers absolutely nothing.  If they were going for the vibe the French give Americans in France they nailed it! I barely encountered any staff but when I did they were clearly doing me a favor providing service. 
Appetizers-French Onion Soup was decent. The avocado and crabmeat salad had nice back-fin crabmeat in a half of an avocado. Sadly everything lacked flavor. Even with the sauce provide and salt and pepper.  
Entrees - Crêpe Oignon-Fromage Gruyère and Emmental with caramelized onions was excellent'
Panéed Veal over angel hair pasta was very bland.  
Desert- Strawberry and cream crepes just as boring and tasteless as the other food items.  I asked for chocolate and it was a smooth dark chocolate that helped immensely.Crepe has really gone down hill in the last few years. Everything is very bland and seems a little undercooked. The waitstaff is not very welcoming. Super crowded.I am a local who loves coming here and finds the food amazing most of the time. But tonight I had an experience that leaves me really taken aback, and wondering if I will ever give them my business again. I arrived at approx 5:50pm on a Saturday -- well ahead of the rush, because due to a water main burst,  I couldn't cook at home and thought I'd treat myself. The host was unbelievably rude and insisted the only place I could sit was outside at some table by the curb. I don't want to freeze or be next to traffic while having a nice meal. Instead of offering to put me on a list (which one ventures a busy eatery would have), he just dismissed me--it was either the curb table or nothing. 
What makes this especially egregious is that he had no problems seating a four-top consisting of two couples who also had no reservations -- but me, a single woman, was somehow a problem. I could see numerous empty bistro tables inside, so they were hardly crowded. Additionally, I have gone here numerous times by myself or with others (sans reservation) on a weekend or even for brunch with no issues, so this is quite shocking--and absolutely unacceptable treatment of a customer regardless. Again, I have always loved coming here, so this is a huge disappointment; but I have never been treated so poorly anywhere before as a single woman eating alone.Came here while visiting from California. The man who sat us was so rude. We first arrived and was given a 45 min wait time to only go passed that and be basically told there's no tables and if we want to eat or service we will have to be sat outside. I understand restaurants especially small ones can get packed but that should not be based on the way you treat and talk to your customers. He also began talking about my party with another customer right in front of us... Saying "I don't understand what people expect with a packed house blah blah blah"... While sat outside this angel of a waitress who said she didn't know our table was even sat here did everything she could from then on! Thank god we didn't have to deal with that rude troll anymore! She then got us a table inside pretty much everything came out fast and her service was AWESOME!!!! The escargot was so good! The pomme Frits was like soggy old frozen fries. The shrimp garlic pasta was good. Food was alright...host was horrible...saved by the amazing waitress who knows customer service!One waiter was awesome..the other hovered and tried to take dishes before other diners were finished..the avocado with crabmeat is NOT jumbo lump..shame on Crepe Nanou for advertising that they serve jumbo lump..not even decent crabmeatBest mussels in Nola, hands down. A lovely experience for our family. Service was great and the entire family loved the experience.This place is awesome and very busy. Make a reservation. Our server was caitlin and she was very much on her game.i had the chorizo and corn soup it was very good followed by salads nicoise.  If you visiting NOLA  this is a must eat! Yes the crepes are great as is the dinner menuYummy crepes, nice variety of choices. A/C was so high we were literally shivering--bring a sweater! Staff were inattentive but vaguely friendly.We have had better. The food is okay and the service is less than okay. If you want a French Restaurant where the customer is hugely appreciated and where the food is better, then take the drive to Cafe Degas. Next time we will!The shrimp and angel hair pasta was delicious! I tried the muscles as well and they were good, but didn't blow my mind. We also started with the meat and cheese plates with pâtes and they were good. Small for a 4-person party in my opinion, but good!
The only downside for me is the place is really really small. It's not exactly built for parties larger than 2-4. The staff accommodated my family and I which was so awesome, because we didn't have a reservation. But they definitely need a better system when it comes to seating parties.Went with friends and family recently and my food was delicious (crabmeat crepe and tropicale salad) but my husband's mussels were very bland and bread wasn't served with the mussels to sop up what is usually a delicious broth.