Amazing, fresh, and flavorful food! I came for Sunday brunch after seeing the crazy line outside of Refuel cafe and was not disappointed. Best plantains I've ever had in my life. The chicken flautas were out of this world and the tortilla that my breakfast burrito came in was phenomenal and authentic. The papusas were great too! Service was great. I'll definitely be back again.It's such a battle when you want to lick the plate but know that these typical dishes should not be as pricey as they are. While I can't compare apples to oranges and say that Central American food served in the US should be more appropriately priced, I'd like to see the whole package at brunch really represent! 
Listen to what they say: they do have some yummy pupusas (probably tied with Los Paisanos) and their brunch features such good vegetarian tamales! They are BYOB as some others have noted so bring your Dos Equis if you're looking for that beer with dinner (or breakfast!).Excellent Latin American food in a small space in River Bend. Manny, the owner, is very friendly and makes sure you have a great experience!  Enjoy!A  week in New Orleans, and many fine meals; mostly in the French Quarter.  We were looking for something different, and stumbled into LaMacarena and its amazingly friendly staff.  Foods were recommended, samples were tasted, we had a fine and not expensive supper. The pupusas were fine, but so was everything else we had, including the chocolatey beverage the owner's mother makes.  Yeah mom!We were here for breakfast. We are not new to Central and South American cuisine but found the flavors here absolutely wonderful! The fried plantains even made our picky toddler ask for "more!". One of the highlights of our trip to New Orleans!I went with a large group, and we received fantastic, personal service from the manager. We got a great deal (free, all-you-can-drink sangria as long as everyone ordered an entree) and complementary drinks were served to two in our group that were graduating from Tulane the next day. The wait for the food took a while, but there were 8 of us and we weren't in any hurry. The food--especially the fried plantains--was incredible.
Once you get your fill of po boys, make sure you check out La Macarena.Authentic tasting Latin food. We had our order to go. The pupusas were great (we had the vegetarian ones), as well as the sauce and the slaw. We had the plantains (hard to find a place that know how to make them well), the tostadas (had the avocado and beans) were really nice too, as well as the tamal, which I had previously read to be a must. The only con is that it's a little pricey for what you get, but worthy if you are craving your latin goodies.I admit, I had never tasted a pupusa, but when my latin american friend took me here I figured he knew what he was doing.... and I loved my food!! Starting with a delicious fresh guacamole and fresh, hot flour tortilla chips, we then got freshly made pupusas with fried plantains, black beans, and the accompanying sauces (all homemade and delicious).  I couldn't finish my plate and took it home to my partner, who loved it as well.  can't wait to return and try some of the other specialties - the lunch menu is smaller but the dinner menu has tons of stuff to check out - including yucca dumplings, sounds delicious!  Also fruit drinks which are perfect with this type of food.  They do take out as well as it is a little small and probably gets crowded at night.This is a wonderful neighborhood gem! A friendly staff that welcomes you in like an old friend.  
The menu never disappoints!  I have tried multiple items on the menu and try something different each time.   
If I could give more than 5 stars I would! This place rocks!!!Short review: the restaurant ain't as exciting as the song.
Long review: I've been here once for dinner and, most recently, this morning for breakfast when the adjacent Refuel Cafe was full.  The staff - especially the owner - are quite nice and hospitable, although I have yet to get a water refill without asking.
The agua frescas are good (ask for half-and-half mango and blackberry) and the horchata is great.
My dinner was tasty enough, although the place is so dark that you can't really appreciate the color or shape of the food, which I find to be a detriment to the overall experience.  The pupusas are pretty tasty with a side of garlicky black beans, although it's difficult to justify a $15 to $20 dinner price for what is probably the Salvadoran equivalent of our red beans and rice.
For breakfast, I had one of their overtly self-promoted burritos.  I was excepting it to be remarkable based on how strongly it's advertised, but it was a letdown for a couple reasons.  First, although the burrito was advertised as containing egg, cheese, and chorizo, it was almost entirely egg, with no detectible cheese and a wimpy, skinny half sausage hidden in the middle.  In a burrito like this, egg should be the binder or the uniting element, not the equivalent of insulation in my attic.  Second, and related to gripe number one, there was no compelling flavor.  Imagine eating a tortilla full of bland eggs, washing it down with an admittedly yummy mango agua fresca, and then paying $16.00 in cash.
I respect this place for being small and folksy, and I want it to succeed, but I don't think I can find a place for it in my pantheon of favorite Uptown eateries.Soooo, I am from Miami and a latin man of Brazilian extraction, so Salvadorian food is not really my forte.... however, I have heard of pupusas but never had one. Seen em'... been around them. Just never consume one. And I didn't on the day my lady friend and I visited the establishment ( we were overflow from Refuel Cafe next door)... anyhow, we had the breakfast burritos ; veggie and southern.
Positive: the food was great.
Negative: No credit cards accepted and the service can be slow, but friendly.
I will def go back and have some pupusas, although, I am afraid that I might wait a while again.
Respectfully,
I.When I saw this restaurant offering pupusas right smack in the middle of the river bend, I couldn't help but get excited. When I walked out, I left disappointed, head down, still hungry and felt ripped off- this place feeds off gringos that don't know any better and homesick/nostalgic Central Americans like myself.
I ordered a plate of pupusas. (Comes with 3). When I placed my order I was hoping to satisfy my nostalgia and hunger. I have eaten REAL pupusas in El Salvador AND I have relatives from El Salvador. Aside from that I've spent the last 4 years in Central America.
Here's what went wrong:
1)I ordered Pellegrino water. They served it to me at room temperature with a glass with ice that I had to give back the waitress because it smelled like raw egg! I asked the waitress to exchange my glass but never got offered another pellegrino since the first one had to be dumped out with the dirty glass they served me in the first place. Not to mention raw egg can carry salmonella.
2) I ordered cheese and chicharrón pupusas. The cheese wasn't 100% "quesillo"... I can tell that is was blended with mozarella(cheaper). Quesillo is slightly salty and stringy since you have to import it... It's pricier. The other problem was that the chicharrón was nonexistent. The chicharrón is what gives the pupusa its crunch. Well forget that.
3)After the tip I paid $20 for this. Such a rip off!
4) To make matters worse, this "business" does not accept credit cards! I paid $3 to use their ATM.
5) I also got overcharged. I only ordered the pupusas by themselves (without any sides) but I was charged a full platter. That's why the total was $17.
The fact that I was the only one dining there should've hinted me.
Never again!
On a positive note the waitress was friendly.Some of the best pupusas I've ever had and I'm a native from Central America. I've tried it all. The owner was very hospitable and friendly. Clean,cute, and comfortable atmosphere.If you're looking for authentic Central American and Caribbean cuisine THIS IS IT RIGHT HERE! As a Salvadoran woman myself I can say that these are one of the BEST Pupusas I've had in the states. A visitor to New Orleans this was by far one of the best meals I had in the city. The restaurant is beautiful and feels just like home. Manolo the owner took care of us and is extremely kind and welcoming. If you're looking for amazing Central American/ Caribbean food with even better service, this is your spot!!Pretty awesome.   Apparently Drew Brees thinks it's the best latin restaurant in New Orleans.   
First off, get the chips with guac.  Salty, delicious, and spicy.  :)  
I also ordered the Salvadoran enchilada and cheese, pork pupusa (I think...) and it was really tasty.  Pupusas look kind of like pancakes...? with stuff baked/fried into them.  They're fluffy and white and you spread black refried beans on them with some kind of pickled lettuce on it.  I've never had them before and I was pleasantly surprised.  
Also, plantains were so good.  They weren't overcooked and you could tell they were fresh made.  
For dessert I ordered the tres leches cake which I couldn't finish because I was just too full and it was really sweet.  I did not regret ordering it.  
Next time I will try the carne asada.I was trying to show my friend Salvadoran cuisine for the first time and I've given this restaurant way too many chances. They charge for refills. The server forgot to bring me beans and didn't do anything upon the brown hair I noticed on my friends plate. Overall  the entire meal and restaurant has lost touch and flavor. I'll be going to fiesta Latina on Kenner from now on. No wonder there are no guests every time I show up. I'm warning everyone if you're reading this and  I should've taken a photo of the brown hair.Weekend brunch. La Macarena boasts the most amazing and wonderful and insane breakfast burritos I have ever tasted. Scrambled eggs, cheese, avocado wrapped up tight with a side of fried plantains and creamy black beans. Lovely staff and friendly atmosphere. Perfectly Latin, perfectly Nola.I tried the stewed chicken, it is with tomato sauce, tastes ok, a little light. Maybe add some salt will make it tasty.
Also the special drink called Homemade Horchata is ok, which is sweet drink with chopped rice and some nuts.
Cash only.As a Houstonian, we have many Latin restaurants, so I was excited to see what Nola offered. Disappointed in the food. Overpriced and I've had better pupusas. Don't bother.Went here twice while I was in town, and both times were delicious. The group I went with basically ordered the entire menu both times, and nothing was disappointing. 
The atmosphere was friendly, the food was awesome, and I'm definitely going to go here again next time I'm in New Orleans.Came here for lunch/brunch on a Sunday.
Shared the Central American Breakfast and, I think, The Cosmopolitan Burrito with the gf.
Here's what I liked:
No rice filler in my burrito!  Sometimes I like a ginormous burrito with rice and beans in it but this was a cut above and didn't need that stuff.
The Huevos Ranchero, plantanos, crema, black beans (more like black bean soup but great for dipping or pouring over the burrito).  
Pupusa - Liked what I got and I'd definitely  try the pupusa platter next time.
Cons:
None
Other:
This place was really nice, small but not too cozy and our server was very good.As a passerby, always thought this was Mexican food but it is not(totally OK, just sayin). It was absolutely delicious, and feels like you're eating at a family's house . As opposed to Pepperoni's across the street, which was crawling with loud kids. I'm not v.food adventurous so tried Isabella's stewed Mayan chicken-was NOT disappointed. Its cash only and average entree price is around $17 so just come prepared w/your cash-o-lah. Will be back!The food is AMAZING!!!!!! The service matches the food! The restaurant is cozy and welcoming.  I will be back!I keep intending to write a review of this place after I eat there, but then I'm all full of yumminess and instead I just walk around going, "Mmmmmm" for a while. As Joi B said in her review, the refried beans are amazing. So amazing that I have sort of given up on making refried beans at home because mine taste nowhere near this good. 
I generally get one of the vegetarian platters (yes, there is more than one vegetarian platter, because life is fantastic) with a couple pupusas, a corn tamale, and some rice and beans. It doesn't sound like a lot, but it's pretty filling - and extremely tasty. The waiters are always friendly, and I usually see the chef (a very nice Salvadoran lady) come around at some point to check on things.
A few logistics, mostly covered by others but worth restating:
1) No credit cards. There's an ATM in the restaurant. They also take checks from locals, in case that's a thing people still use for payment.
2) They don't serve alcohol, but you can bring your own. There's no corkage fee, and they're very accommodating about bringing you a glass, ice, etc. 
3) A previous reviewer said they only offer bottled water. I have always been brought tap water upon being seated, and of course I've never been charged for it.
And, SUPER IMPORTANT:
4) Free delivery after 6pm in Carrollton! I haven't ordered it yet, but I'm very excited about this, as there is a dearth of good delivery options in my neighborhood, and sometimes going outside is really, really hard.
Definitely recommended - I'm kind of surprised there aren't more good Central and South American spots in town, but I'm certainly glad this one is here!The food was delicious! My boyfriend's family is from El Salvador so it was great to be able to try the pupusas, which were amazing. The fried plantains were celestial.
The service was phenomenal, and we met the owner Manny who spoke to my bf in Spanish for a few minutes and gave us a generously sized free sample of the Horchata, which is made with nuts as opposed to the Mexican kind with rice. And it's made daily by his mother... or grandmother? Our waiter was a nice fella who smiled often and was helpful about the menu. 
The agua frescas....mmmm. 
Left the place full and happy and for a reasonable price.Throughly enjoyed the Vegan lunch! Plenty of food that was fresh and of great quality. Will be back!What a treat!
We took the St Charles trolley line just to ride it, ending up in the riverbend area, and poked around for a good lunch spot. We happened upon La Macarena, and what a treat this was.
Their guacamole is fantastic (but spicy), the aguas frescas amazing (I had 3 glasses of raspberry), and their main dishes tasty. And they have Lizano sauce!
As others have noted, It is pricey for the fare (about $20 per person for central american street food), but we were on vacation so the price was secondary.
I'd highly recommend La Macarena for a fun/unique experience, though it's too pricey for an everyday thing.
Also, be advised: They are cash-only, so hit the ATM before visiting.Enjoyed a late lunch here on a rainy Sunday. The waitress was great and the environment is really adorable and welcoming. We both started with aguafrescas, blackberry and horchata respectively, that were delish. 
The food was ALL delicious. We shared the guacamole and chips to start, then had the traditional pupusas (beans, pork, and cheese), the sweet corn tamale, and some ceviche. 
The guacamole is lovely, chunky with a little bit of spice, the pupusas were incredible, savory and with great texture and flavor. The sweet corn tamale was probably my favorite. It came with a little bit of sweet cream that complemented it perfectly. We shared a flan for dessert that was equally delicious. 
The thing is, there were a lot of little things that I found not up to par (especially for the prices), and that keep me from giving that elusive 5th star. Our plates were a little chipped, not badly, but visibly, as was my drink glass. Also, and maybe this is nitpicky, but both our ceviche and guac were padded with iceberg lettuce, hidden beneath, that seemed to only serve to pad the quantity of the food. 
But, that was IT. Other than a few little things, we had a great time. The food was all really really tasty, service was great, and I'll happily recommend the place to anyone around.Refuel was packed for Sunday brunch. Pepperoni's Cafe has a dismal reputation. Enter La Macarena.
Decor/atmosphere: We walked in the door, and we were immediately welcomed by a lively and friendly gentleman who sat us promptly. 6 tables inside, 6 chairs at the "bar" (not actually a bar, just overflow seating, but with a great view). The place is decorated warmly, and all-around general good feels. Our server was friendly and on-point.
Food: Appetizer of chicken flautas. Excellent. Warm, great flavor, topped with an obviously house-made salsa as well as a pickled cabbage that was mild enough to not overwhelm the palate. Served with their variation of creme fraiche.
Entree of Pupusa platter. Served with refried black beans, plantains, and a side salad. Good flavor, great presentation. The plantains are unrivaled; deep and rich flavors, making me crave more. The pupusas are, again, obviously made fresh and in-house, filled with cheese and beans and, I believe chorizo, though I'm not sure. The side salad was fresh, but not terribly memorable. The refried beans were rich, though there were chunks in there of dried bean puree. No biggie, I'm sure that happens when it's on the fire.
The seasoning was a tad underwhelming, I'm sorry to say. More salt, more spice, then it'd be perfect.
Speed: the weakest point of the service was the wait for the food. It felt about 10 minutes too long. They have a small kitchen, and perhaps there is no rushing the pupusa. No big deal, I'm a patient man. 
Confusion: LA Macarena makes the assumption that you know what a pupusa is. I didn't, the menu did not clarify. Here you go: its a thick, handmade corn tortilla, filled with a cheese, beans, or meat. 
Also, the prices didn't match the menu. This worked in our favor, as every entree was about four bucks cheaper than listed. Mentally, I'd already budgeted the meal, so the server got the rest of the money.
Summary: look, you know Refuel is going to be packed on the weekends and full of, well, loud people. Go right next door, take a chance. This place is adorable and has great food. I will definitely be back.Sweet corn tamales with crema, the guacamole and tamarind agua fresca are favorites after 2 meals here, but truly, we both enjoyed everything we ate.  The waitstaff, manager and abuelita are all very welcoming and willing to answer questions.  This is definitely not the place to grab a quick meal before running off to something else--just BYOB, linger and enjoy.Just had the best dining experience here! My boyfriend and I were made to feel right at home. The service was exceptional and you can tell this business is ran with much pride and joy. On top of complete kindness, the food was divine! Best refried black beans I have ever had! The salsa was fresh and had the perfect spices. You must try the plantains here as well! They were made to perfection! I particularly hate when plantains are syrupy sweet. But at la Macarena the plantains are just right! I will definitely be back. It's a rare thing to get outstanding and personable service, and delicious food you want to eat so slow as to savor each bite, all under the same roof. This is a new favorite for me for sure!The pupusas were delicious, the plátano Fritos were good the beans tasty, service was great, Adam the waiter was very hospitable and very nice! Definitely recommend this place, the taste is authenticSo, so good. hidden gem in new orleans. so much food and its all fresh and deliciousFantastic casual brunch spot. I've been coming for the last five years and La Macarena is always consistently delicious. Their papusa selection is broad, though I typically get the bean-and-cheese variety. They've got a few outdoor tables for when the weather is nice. They are cash-only but offer an atm on-premises. Good for groups of six or fewer. Maybe eight.We've been to Macarena twice.  The food is fine but they really earn their reputation for being slow as molasses.
I've had papusas and tamales both times.  The papusas are not as good as Divina on the West Bank and the tamales are not as good as Guerrera on N. Carrollton.My absolute favorite place to eat in New Orleans! Enormous portion sizes and amazing food. Super authentic!This place charges 3.00 for a small cup of coffee and another 3.00 for refill... You will never see me again.Everything was made from scratch.  We ordered the Vegetarian Delight platter, guacamole with scratch chips, and potatoes au gratin.  Everything--EVERYTHING!--was delicious and each dish had distinctive flavors rather than receiving a plate full of different foods all with the same tastes.  The owner was friendly and the place, though tiny, is colorful and fun.Our waiter pointed out a bunch of times that he was new, so any awkwardness and when silverware flew down from the waitstand on the second floor above our table during the meal was just funny and whatever.
I do agree with other reviews that it might be a little overpriced for the amount of food, but what we were eating tasted just fine until we noticed the few small black bugs that crawled out from under the food on the plate. We showed the waiter, and all he said was that he "couldn't really control that." He took the one plate away, and when no one came back, my dinner partner stepped upstairs but no one really responded at all. They brought us our check later without any discount or apology.
I'm really not one to leave a negative review, but this was a really crummy experience and super disappointing because we thought we found a new regular spot close to home.My husband has raved about this restaurant and the owner, Manny, since he visited a year ago. It was the only must do item on his list when we came to New Orleans for Mardi Gras. I must say, I was not disappointed. The food was amazing with the various blend of tastes. Manny is not just a chef-he is an artist. And the waiters, Dylan and Nick, were friendly and helpful. Everybody made us feel welcome-as if we were long lost friends.  I wish we lived closer so we could come more often.I have never had El Salvadoran food, but after eating at La Macarena, I can now say I am a big fan! Their traditional papusas are definitely the way to go. I also had a chicken tamale and fried plantains with what they told me was sour cream, but it had a different consistency and was unlike anything I've ever had before. Soooo amazing. The only downside to La Macarena is that it is a REALLY pricey. My dinner cost $20 including tax and tip.La Macarena offers a great South American-style cuisine, along with a casual, yet sophisticated dining experience. The owner is hilarious, and if there, will make sure you have a great meal. I'm a Tulane student, and he is constantly trying to find more ways to get us into the restaurant, and genuinely wanted to know our likes and dislikes of dining out. 
Make sure you try the Pupusas (what they are known for). Try any type and you can't go wrong (although the shrimp ones are my favorite).  
Last thing, La Macarena is BYOB. Can't beat that!I cannot believe that I have driven by this place so many times and never stopped before today. Better late than never, I guess. So yummy! I had the chicken tamale that is not always on the menu. Wow! Totally delicious. Although I'm not a vegan I also had the vegan burrito. I can't wait to have it again. You could tell that everything was very fresh. Bonus- everyone was friendly. This may be my new favorite place.La Macarena is a great Latin American spot in New Orleans. Also in a great area with really good vegetarian options. I've been here a couple times and keep coming back. The food is delicious! A lot of flavors. I am not a fan of spicy, but I can handle the spices. The only reason I give La Macarena 4 stars instead of 5 is because it is a bit pricey. Besides that, a must-try!Really small, mediocre, overpriced pupusas. Cash only and an ATM that wasn't working. Not coming back to this place again. It only has business because it's the only pupusa place uptown. (Notice the only people giving it a decent review aren't familiar with Salvadoran food.)On a Sunday, the service was slow and labored. We spent nearly 40 minutes before we our food was served. The food was ok. It was not a good substitute for Camelia Grill.Great place for dinner if you have picky eaters in tow (by picky, i mean folks who only eat organic). Not very noticeable from the outside, but don't let that fool you----the food is mind-blowingly good, especially if you are a huge fan of latin cuisine and haven't been able to find top notch latin food elsewhere in NOLA.
I got the chips and guac plus the sampler platter which left me craving more however I didn't realize they were cash only and didn't have enough for an entree to go. Come prepared to spend because you will definitely love the food. They do have an ATM by the bar if you forget to bring cash though, which is nice. When I came in I was the only person in the place, so the waitress was really friendly and both she and the cook checked up on my table constantly. They kept coming back to ask if I was enjoying the food (which I definitely was).
They use a lot of organic ingredients, everything is handmade fresh and it all tastes delicious!!! So whether you're a foodie or concerned about food quality and the quality of the materials used in your dish, everyone will find something to enjoy.This place was amazing. Best tamale and beans I've ever had. Service was great as well.
I love how accommodating they are to vegans and vegetarians!!We just went there for the first time,  they don't have a childrens menu, which proved problematic. Also I had pork in my meal after ordering the special and asking to not have any. To make matters worse they charged us for it, almost $30 for something I couldn't eat! Also did I mention they only take cash. They didn't so my husband had to walk to an ATM , while we waited over 40 mins for our diner (that I couldn't eat).  My suggestion, FIND ANOTHER PLACE TO EAT!LOVE THIS PLACE!
Always a great meal!  The pupusas are awesome, but my favorite is the vegetarian Yucca Dumplings.  Great Place if you want to try something different.I'm from california. I have a favorite pupuseria spot back home and I was looking for a nice one out in new Orleans since I visit often. I'LL Keep this short and simple. It was OK..and I could live the rest of my life if I never went back there just perfectly. 
1. Pupusas were small and expensive for the amount.
2. Pupusas were lacking in taste.
3. I arrived during business hours but they were closed for some reason and i had to wait in the parking lot for over an hour until they opened back up.
The employees were friendly and the restaurant was small and cozy.. but the food I got wasn't that great. So .. nah. 3 stars!Wow what a place! This place managed to surpass my expectations. I was looking up vegetarian friendly restaurants and I noticed this place on yelp. The first thing that caught my eye was the fact that this place had a high rating.
The server that I had was incredibly friendly. He was very patient considering the fact that I was so indecisive. I mean the dinner menu was quiet extensive. They had traditional Latin American and a lot of vegetarian items on there as well. 
Since I have a weakness for flounder I chose the pan seared flounder plate. This dish came with the flounder, a side salad, refried beans, and plantains as well. I also had the chef add some shrimp on top of the flounder. Besides the shrimp that was on top of it there was a sauce covering it. I could tell that it was a mix of salsa and some kind of mustard. Beneath the flounder there were 4 pieces of garlic bread. This particular dish was absolutely divine!  The salad was good too, it utilized some very fresh ingredients The plantains were fantastic, I especially liked the cream sauce that came with them. I didn't get to eat the refried beans because I was really stuffed. It has been a long time since I have Latin food that was that incredible!
There were only 2 bad things that I will note about this place. The first was that the food was really pricey. Yeah It was a little more than I expected. But given the quality I will admit that it was worth it! The other bad thing was the fact that this place is cash only. Seriously this is the 21st century a vast majority of people now use ATM/debit or credit cards. They do have an ATM in their restaurant but they charge a $2.95 for use. I think cash only is a lazy business practice. They better hope for their own sake that they do not get robbed.
In short the food here is so good that I have found it worthy of a return trip someday. But make sure you hit up the ATM before you come to this place!Very rarely do you find a restaurant that feels like home and tastes out of this world but La Macarena is one of those places!! The service was excellent, the plating exquisite, and the food was absolutely incredible. Manny was a warm and welcoming host, who did a great job explaining the origin of each dish and the flavors that came together to make the meal an experience. We went for brunch and ordered the special of the day (filet mignon tacos), yucas fritas con chicharron, hangover huevos rancheros and jet fuel iced coffee (a must). My next visit back to New Orleans will have to include a meal (or two) at La Macarena Pupuseria and Latin Cafe!!Amazing food.  Great service.  Heading to Audubon Park for  the day and found this gem.  Yummmmmm!  I think I can still taste the fried plantains and creme.Awesome food. Fair price. I love how down home this place feels, plus it is BYOB. If you get the chance to order it, the Spanish shrimp and grits special is the best food in NOLA so far.Tried to go twice in the last couple of days, both times during business hours (once at 4:30 pm, once at 7:30 pm.) Both times they were closed. The last time there were people inside, but they would not open the door and motioned that they were closed.
Really a disappointment because I have had decent experiences here in the past.
Would not recommend this place to anyone.My sister is vegan and was in town visiting.  My husband is faaaaar from vegan.  I was happy to find such a great place with vegan options.   Meat eaters and vegans alike really enjoyed the food.  They only accept cash as payment but they do have an ATM inside.  I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 because I think it was a little overpriced for what we got.Teeny little place, with kind of an ackward set up. 
The menu is HUGE, but they do have a disclaimer that they don't always have everything. Kind of a bummer when you have your heart set on something, but good to know that everything is made in small batches, ie. prepared more often.
The food was good, but everything needed... Something. Close, but falling just short.This was one of my favorite meals in recent history.  First, it's VEGAN FRIENDLY, which is huge (especially for my fiancée).  Second, the guys who run the place are super friendly to the degree that I almost felt like their guest.  My entree, the special of the day was a Latin American tilapia (which was a MUCH nicer cut than the regular tilapia I'm used to), topped with shrimp and an incredible spiced-up sauce with all the trimmings.  Finally, the guacamole is by far the best I've ever had ... a bit pricier than I'd anticipated, though.  Looking forward to my next visit!First off, I would like to say that this is my first time to be the first person to review a restaurant, so this is a pretty exciting moment for me!  Now, on to the pupuseria!  (it's just a fun word to say)...  I walked into this place on a Friday night to pick up some dinner to take home.  Let me start out by saying that this restaurant is colorful!  It looks like this place got into a fight with a paint store and lost!  When I walked in I was greeted by the owner who took my order and promptly sat down to chat with me while I was waiting for my order.  Oh yeah, I ordered the Pupusa Platter ($13.95) and was immensely pleased with the quality of the handmade pupusas (I watched them make them!), the garlicky black beans, the nicely acidic slaw, and my favorite, the fried plantains!  What I was most impressed by was the friendly nature of the staff as I waited.  They even gave me a fresh house brewed blackberry tea which was delicious and sweet without being too sweet.  This place had great food in a very nice atmosphere and the service is enough to make me go back.  The only complaint I have is that the food is quite expensive for what it is.  I mean, it is delicious but it is basically glorified street food and I hope that the owners lower their prices to accomodate the younger uptown crowd.Loved the owner, the service, the environment and foood! :) Try the tamarind drink! And the pork tamale!  You will be in heaven!~ Yum! Will return to try more exciting dishes! Thank you! XxThe staff is friendly, the restaurant is nice and cozy, the food is wonderful, this place just makes my soul happy!The best dinning choice I made in NOLA. The spicy shrimp tacos were recommended and were the best thing I ate during my visit.  The pupusas were also amazing.   Along with amazing food came emmaculate cleanliness and service.  I will definitely return.The good: Several vegetarian options. The cheese pupusa and guacamole were really good and will be the reason for a second chance meal.  Quick service.  Big plates of food.
The not so great: I will only come back if it's a really off time and no one else is in there. I went with a friend and there was another party of 8 people in the restaurant, before I got my food I couldn't wait to leave because my ears were about to bleed.  They weren't even a wild and crazy bunch, just the acoustics in there magnified everything.  Its a little pricey.  The combination plate had fried plantains (meh), black refried beans, a corn tamale (bland), cheese pupusa, and a guacamole enchilada was $16.95.  Perfect if it was enough for two people but youd probably need another side or app.  Also, it only says this on one entree but the enchiladas are actually tostadas.The food is traditional and delicious, but this place is far from authentic...the prices are a total rip off. Anyone who has had pupusas before knows that 3 (very small) pupusas should cost no more than 5 dollars...yet these people get away with charging almost 3x that?? I will never be back.
Perhaps if they got their liquor license they wouldn't have to extort their customers.A tiny little place conveniently close to Tulane's campus. I've never had Latin food, so this was a first, and it was pretty good. We ordered some normal dishes and some that I had never heard of or tried. 
For starters, we ordered the guac and chips and the plantains. The guac was standard. Personally, I like mine a little more avocado based then tomato and onions, like it was here. It wasn't as creamy as I'm used to and would probably not recommend this. The plantains were fantastic, as they have been everywhere I've eaten them. 
For main dishes, my friends ordered the filet mignon tacos and I ordered the pupusas. They raved about the tacos, but I found my dish very average. 
The limeade was way too sweet, and for $4, I wish I skipped it. Not a bad place, but not great.We read the reviews on this place and decided to check it out on our trip to NOLA.  We are glad we did.  We have never had pupusas before so we were pleasantly surprised that the pupusas here were great.  They had many different flavors and were willing to customize them to our liking.  I would have like to have gotten some chips and guac but they wanted $9 for them!  I think that is a bit steep for chips and guac.  The pupusas came with fried plantains and a salad though which were both very good.  We would recommend this place, just not the appetizer prices.Only people in the restaurant and they still couldn't manage to get my order right. I asked for pork and cheese papusas and got just cheese. Also food took forever considering there were only two orders placed. I would've sent the food back but I was so hungry it would not have been worth the wait.Great service always! Manny is the man, the great and very friendly owner! Amazing food always! Go for pupusa wendesday!  Also, new shrimp and filet mignon tacos that we tried tonight were delicious!Went this past week to La Macarena and really enjoyed my experience! It was a bit more pricier than I thought, but the portions of the food and the quality was worth every penny. The horchata, as promised, was delicious and tasted exactly like how I make it at home! My favorite were the fried plantains!!! The server was very helpful and patient, he made sure we had a pleasant experience. We will be back --- for the plantains!Went on a whim a few days ago.  Truly amazing Central American food. Place was very busy so sat at the bar. This turned out well since the owner Manny sat next to us and talked with us. He brought us a few extras since my wife is pregnant and it was Mother's Day. Somehow was able to get most of the food down and it was quite a lot.  
Cannot recommend the food and atmosphere highly enough. Rest of the staff was pleasant and really hustled while we were there. Great work, great food, thanks Manny!I am in love with the abuelita who is running this place.  
Went in to place a take out order on some pupusas and ended up chatting with her for a half hour about the preparation and ingredients they use - all proper ingredients and all fresh and it shows.  The pupusas, especially the Tradicional, have rich flavors and the horchata, Salvadoreña-style (made not with rice but peanut, squash seed, cashew-fruit seed, and cinnamon), is like nothing I've had before.  I'd also recommend skipping desert in favor of a sweet corn (elote) tamale with cream.
I don't know that I'd make the trip regularly, but I will certainly recommend La Macarena and drop by for a quick order when I am in the area.  If you are looking to pick up an order and go, call first as it takes about 20 minutes for them to prep the pupusas.Delicious vegetarian platter of cheese pupusa, sweet corn tamale, & guacamole enchilada.  I really enjoyed the fried plantains.  Not sure I would order the guacamole enchilada again--didn't really suit my taste, but everything else was delicious.  Friendly waiter & I like the mom and pop feel to this place.
Be prepared to pay cash only.Great place, very small only about 7 tables. The restaurant is probably one of the cleanest  I have ever seen.   Went for Sunday brunch service was great very knowledgeable and able to steer us in the right direction of what to order. The owner came by and welcomed us and gave us water.  We Both had the Central American meal and shared a tamale as recommended by the server to get a good taste of several things offered.   Nice and light did not leave over stuffed.  Defiantly will go back again.I really like the food here. It's fresh, delicious, and different from the food you can get at other places.  It's tiny in there and the service is beyond slow. I don't mind waiting for good food, but I went in there for lunch and was there for an hour and 15 minutes.  There was only one other table when we arrived and ordered, and our food came out in about 15-20 minutes, which is fine, but the waiter was just sitting around and talking while we sat with dirty plates and cash on the table for 20 minutes.  We finally had to ask for a check because I was late for work. 
 I agree also that the prices are high.  2 lunch specials and 2 sodas came to $30 before tip.  The vegetarian dinner entree is $17.00.  If the service were quicker, they could get more people in and out during service, then the prices would not have to be so high.  I think the food is good, but it's too slow to come here during my lunch break, and the dinner options are pricey.  I want to support this place, so I hope they work some things out.Oooooo boy, it's been awhile since I've had guacamole like that.  On a crispy tostada with shredded veggies to boot!  The vegetarian sampler is the way to go.  Trust me.  I'm not even a vegetarian but it's immensely satisfying.  Go on a not so busy night and the service would probably be a wee bit faster.  Awesome spot.Wonderful food and great friendly service!! The Horchata is the best!! They were open on July 4th and the owner was very warm and welcoming! We will eat here next time we are in NOLA!Had a great meal here.  My boyfriend ordered the pork, cheese and bean papusas and I had the garlic jumbo prawns.   Really our entire meal was delicious and fresh.  Only thing I wasn't that into was the salad dressing, but not a big deal.This is one of my favorite places to eat. My husband and I are regulars and are treated really well every time we place a pick up order or dine in. The owner, Manny, and his mother are so friendly and make sure your dining experience is everything that you want it to be.
The food is excellent. There are many vegetarian/vegan options for breakfast,lunch, and dinner. The portions are huge and I always leave feeling really nice and full. 
I had never eaten pupusas before and now I am hooked. The plantains  and la crema are a delicious side note to your meal. 
This place is BYOB but Manny will make sangria if you bring the booze. It's awesome!
We take all of our friends and family to this place. It is truly a little gem in the river bend. 
Only downfall is that it's cash only; however, the food is so good that it never stops us from going there.Delicious and authentic ! Had the papusa plate and it was spot on. Fairly priced excellent fare. Friendly service. Not good if you are in a rush but you should not be to enjoy this spot.Unfortunately disappointing. Strike 1: Our table of 7 was warned that our food would take a while because there were a bunch of to-go orders. Um, we were the only table in the restaurant. Strike 2: my vegan dishes came with cheese. Strike 3: the waiter got defensive and didn't even apologize for messing up the order!!! "excuse me, what's this?" "that's cheese." "um, I'm vegan." "you didn't specify." hello, the first thing I did when you came to the table was ask you which of the dishes on the vegetarian menu were vegan. he was SO RUDE and totally ruined the experience. I was grumpy from being talked to in such a defensive tone. The food was mediocre at best and extremely overpriced. The tortilla with bean paste was tasty, but way too expensive for what was served. The mango tea was the best part of the meal. It was fresh and tasty.Food is always fresh and authentic. I brought my middle school Spanish students for a field trip and Manny and his mother gave us a special menu and a cultural and historical explanation of the food. I feel at home at La Macarena and always leave full and happy. Manny thanks so much!I have been there a few times and every time the food comes out really fresh and delicious.  The owner will give you recommendations and I suggest you try them!  Everything was flavorful.  If you enjoy trying the unique places that make New Orleans special, be sure to stop here!I've only been to La Macarena for breakfast, but everything is delicious!  The guacamole is super fresh, and the hangover breakfast bowl is amazing (with probably the best chorizo I've ever had)!  My parents were recently in town for 5 days, and they loved it so much, we came back twice.  :)  The owner is also very friendly and will help explain items and specials, or just chit chat with your table.  Everyone at our table had a great experience (multiple times)!I've tried a couple pupuserias in kenner and this one made better pupusas (my honduran friend agrees).  I would come here much for often but it's expensive for pupusas.  You can get a lunch plate w/ two papusas, plantains w/ creme, and beans for ~$10 for lunch so it's not too bad if you go for lunch.  They also have a no corking fee policy.
protip: check out campusmenus.com for coupons for this place.
Edit: I found a better papusa: Celina's in kenner.  It's also much cheaper.  I mean, imagine if you went to mexico and they were selling hot dogs for $15.  This place is kind of like that.  
Double-edit: The owner of this place is hilarious and very friendly, upon request he showed my friend how to make a papusa!I was really blown away by my recent experience at La Macarena. First, I'm grateful that there's no relation to that horrible pop song from the 90s. Let's just get that out of the way. 
Vegetarians rejoice: tons here for us! Vegans, too. Know that the refried beans, the tastiest I've ever encountered, are made with olive oil, not lard, OK, and possibly a dash of pure magic. Refried beans are normally a dreary, bland affair unless loaded with cheese, guac and salsa, yet La Macarena's left me wanting for more. And I didn't doctor them with anything. Not even salt. What?!
Another standout: a sweet corn tamale that's so moist, you'd swear it's a decadent cake. Oh and do not hesitate to pour the decadent crema over it. I promise it is not overkill (though the tamale can certainly stand alone).
The guacamole is easily the very best I've had in New Orleans. You'd think you could do no wrong to guac, but oh, I've had some lousy guac in my time. La Macarana's is perfect, super thick and chunky with bits of garlic, onion and spices. Other people at my table swore they typically do not like guacamole (what are they, terrorists?! Who doesn't like guacamole?!) but devoured it in seconds. 
Uptowners, rejoice: they deliver! 
Winos rejoice: It's BYOB and NO corkage fee! 
I so cannot wait to come back.The food was delicious but did not make up for the other issues. Service was slow (it took at least 15 minutes for our appetizer) and our food did not come out hot even though there were only 2 other tables there. The food is way over priced ($10 for a small bowl of guacamole) and then they are cash only. I think if you are going to charge $15-20 a plate you can afford a credit card machine.I came here for the first time for our annual trip to Nola. My friend had been here once before and said the food was amazing. She wasn't wrong! The pupusas and tacos are delicious! The staff is friendly. The atmosphere is very laid back. The business has been around a long time but still feels fresh and new. It's one of the best Latino restaurants in town.OVER PRICED!!!
I didn't see anywhere that it was cash only and there was an additional service fee.
No one was there except us at 5 pm. Should have been a warning.
I ordered one plate to split with a friend and then they brought two separate dishes and made us pay for both instead of following our request. So for two people the total was $60.
BLAND FOOD. Over bearing service and the owner was yelling and arguing in Spanish about people's family in the middle of the restaurant on the phone. I think the owner thought because we weren't latino we didn't know Spanish. It was awkward and a bad experience. Eat some where else.after a weekend in new orleans, we stumbled upon this magnificent mom and pop type restaurant.  after a weekend of gorging ourselves on french quarter fare (some of which was very pricey), i was shocked to have the best meal of my trip at macarena.  the food here is outstanding and the prices are very affordable. the owner is a really nice guy, he comes out to greet the patrons personally and suggested we order the tilapia.  having had tilapia many times in the past i was hesitant.  however he insisted that this was special tilapia from pacific ecuador... which means it was thicker and tastier than what i was used to.  needless to say it was AMAZING.  the pupuserias were delicious also.  oh, and i cannot forget the AMAZING chicken soup we had.  all in all, this was one of the best tasting and memorable meals i have ever had.  this restaurant over-delivers in taste, quality, service, personalization, and guest comfort.  its humble settings and friendly owner make the meal a great experience.  i HIGHLY recommend this restaurant for anyone visiting or living in the area.  u wont be disappointed!Sweet corn tamale and cremation.  OMG goog.. Yuca frita and pupusas.very good .  Breakfast plates and all the fixings make sure you stop by..I come here a lot for breakfast/Brunch and its always an awesome decision, but I'm here for dinner tonight and I'm more than impressed, but not surprised.  When you walk in, don't even look at the menu before you ask what the special is, because that's probably what your going to order.
In the past ive had the shrimp tacos and the Salvador breakfast, but the pork chop is outstanding!YUM! I got the El Gran Vegetariano Dish (made vegan-style of course :) which came with a veggie pupusa, a sweet corn tamale, and a guacamole enchilada (BTW, enchilada in El Salvadorian food I think is similar to a tostada maybe? I was not expecting it.)  It was all SO GOOD.  The pupusa was my favorite.  I ate it with some of the extra guacamole from the enchilada and the black beans and salsa that came with the plate.  My least favorite item was the sweet corn tamale.  I'm sure it was fine, but I think I might just not be a sweet-corn person.  I never really liked sweet cornbread either.  I ate some of it with the fried plantains and when I finished those, my dad finished it.  He seemed to really like it!  My brother and my dad both got the pan seared flounder which they loved.  My mom got the shrimp pupusas plate which she loved as well!  The only flaw was that it took almost an hour after ordering for us to get our food.  We realize that it is made fresh and that we came at almost 9 pm, but I still felt like that was a bit excessive.This meal was fantastic! I am going to go back this week for another Papusa Platter. So so so good. 
BYOB no corkage fee!Fantastic Latin American place!  Manny welcomed us out front and shared the menu and what we could order that was off menu.  You need to be prepared to wait as everything is made fresh to order.  We waited about 45 minutes but it was worth the wait!  I had the special- $12 for shrimp tacos with yellow rice, black beans, salad and plantains.  Amazing!I liked the agua frescas a lot. Food was good, but a little pricey. Staff is really friendly and helpful with suggestions. They don't take credit cards, but they have no cork fees.Best Central American restaurant in the city! The owner will make you feel right at home. You can't go wrong here!Food was good.  Didn't realize I couldn't pay with my debit card.  ATM in the restaurant cost me an additional $3 plus the $1 from my bank.  Don't eat here unless you have cash.  Kind of ruined the experience for me.Coming from a Salvadoran background, me and my wife always look for these type of restaurants around the world when we travel. That's how we came across La Macarena in New Orleans. We were first surprised to see that there were a few Salvadoran restaurants so that was a shock already. 
We decided to head over to La Macarena and I will tell you one thing right now, you aren't a customer there... You are family. From the moment we walked in until the moment we left, the owner and the staff were extremely friendly and took care of all our needs. The food was amazing, especially the pupusas, which are rare to find authentic. The pupusas are made exactly how they are made in El Salvador. The food has a high-class style but yet they treat you like family. 
I love this place and I will continue to come here every single time I am in New Orleans.
Great job Manny! Definitely making our Salvadoran people proud!I have given this place 3 tries. Bad experience every time. They promote that they have vegetarian/vegan options and have a specific place on the menu titled this. 
The first time I went, it was with a table full of vegans and they were made aware far in advance. Things seemed to be going great! The OWNER came to our table and told us that everything on the vegetarian section of the menu could be made vegan. Awesome! So I ordered the stuffed yucca and portabella mushroom dumpling without cheese. I had to point it out to the waiter because I was having trouble pronouncing the correct name, so it was pointed out, talked about, and written down. Or so I thought. As all of the food comes out, I'm starting to realize mine isn't coming. After a while we ask them about it and the waiter tells me he doesn't recall me ordering it, although everyone sitting around me remembers. The owner then comes up to me and tells me that that can't be made vegan... Very frustrating. I ended up getting bits and pieces of meals from the people I was eating with. Bad attempt number 1, but let's try again.
Second time, I go in with friends, order the guacamole as it was the best thing I had last time and basically what had me interested in going back. It comes covered in cheese. I had no idea, as last time it had none on it, and despite being on the vegan/vegetarian side of the menu, doesn't note that cheese comes on it. I tell the waitress I was unaware that it came covered in cheese, she just says, yeah it does, and then asks if I want another. I say yes. I only ordered something small because I was planning on eating my fair share of guac, but she never brought it.
Third times a charm? My mother and I go, and I ask for the guac and stress that I want NO CHEESE on it. The waiter asks if this is because I want it to be vegan (yay!) I tell him yes and he says oh, okay, because we also put egg in it. Weird...glad he caught it though. Egg and cheese in guacamole? And no note of it when it's on a section of a menu that is labeled vegan/vegetarian? I really think that should be noted...
I ordered, I don't recall what, but whatever it was there was no note that there was cheese on it. Low and behold, it comes covered in two types of cheese. Super! I was pretty surprised as the vegan conversation had happened when ordering the appetizer and then he had made sure to direct the vegan special to me and the nonvegan one to my mother. When I tell him he just looks at it, laughs, and says "oh yeah, I forgot about that" and asks if I want it remade...
I'm gonna go ahead and say it's time for me to give up on this place.Great authentic place..! The arepas were delicious,the seafood was fresh and the owner gave us great service..! I felt like I was back homeIt's really one of the best restaurants in NOLA.  I started going when they first opened and have really enjoyed every meal I have eaten at La Macarena.  
Last week we went and sat outside and enjoyed the great day with some papusas.  We got the vegetarian, the traditional, and a crawfish papusa that was a Jazz Fest special still being served.  They were incredible!  It really doesn't get much better than that.  The service was top notch and they always make you feel at home.  Highly recommended.We were visiting from Houston and found this place because it was listed as vegetarian/vegan friendly. We loved it so much, we ended up going back the next day!! These were the best pupusas I've had and all of the food was so flavorful and fresh. On the second visit, the owners son (?) gave us free Sangria in honor of my boyfriends birthday. We ordered the vegan tamales, the vegetarian south american breakfast, as well as their fresh guacamole and handmade chips. I want this food all of the time! the place is adorable and cozy, the staff is so friendly, it's somewhere you want to hangout! We don't have anything like this in Houston and we're already dying to go back.I had been meaning to try this place for awhile, and came by about 11:30 on a Thursday. I was the only one in the place. It's a small, 6-7 table spot. Decent decor, a little bright, some outside tables, too. 
They had lead in the tap water, and offered bottled water, I had Sprite instead. 
THE FOOD:
Ordered the Pupusas Platter, described as 3 pork, bean and cheese Pupusas, creamy black beans, salad, Pico de Gallo, and fried plantains. 
It's my first foray into this type of South American food (Salvadoran), so I was kind of poking the flavors around to see what went with what. Found out on line the Pico was actually curtido spicy coleslaw, pickled cabbage relish, kinda like Korean kimchi. 
The Pupusas were.....ok. Kind of bland. The pork, cheese and beans were inside a kind of fried tortilla,  similar to a closed pita. I started eating the curtido coleslaw with bites of pupusa to give it some kick. The coleslaw on its own was kind of sour, with chili flakes.
The greens salad, tomatoes and pickles were fresh, but on its own bland. 
The fried plantains were delicious. Sweet, tender, and crisp on the outside.
The black beans WERE creamy and tasty. I liked them.
There was also a red liquid in a small 2 oz cup I thought was a hot sauce,  but it was tasteless and so thin. I didn't use it. 
It's kind of expensive here. Twenty bucks plus tip.Holy Amaze-balls Batman! Went to go to Refuel next door and it was ridiculously packed. So we went next door to this place and hot damn I am glad we did. The pupusa's are so good! As well as the plantains. I would seriously consider just ordering plantains next time. The service was super friendly and a nice atmosphere to eat in. I will be back next weekend!Our second visit, my daughter and I were here for a weekday lunch. We had the sweet corn tamale, chicken flautas, and split the enchilada& pupusa lunch. Tamale was moist and simple. It was good but could have been paired with something that gave a little heat or contrast to the sweet, a bit of a one note. Flautas were good with spicy chicken and a spicy cabbage slaw on top. Enchilada was really a small tostada, good but nothing exciting. Pupusa was good too. Overall, the food was solid and simple but a bit pricey for what you get. I look for a bit more spice in Latin food, and everything but the cabbage slaw was rather mild and not spiced much.What a gem. Food is delicious. Cash only spot- not ideal but there is an atm on premises. Server was sweet. Appetizers came out quickly... entrees not so much but it was worth the wait. It's on the pricey side too. Still, Looking forward to the next time.We came here with our son who attends Tulane.  This is a cozy little place with amazing food! We loved everything from the guacamole and pupusas to their amazing tacos. Manny the owner was an incredibly friendly and gregarious well-traveled man, who treated us with a special drink and an appetizer and some of his traveling stories!I've been a few times and the wait for our food is always at least 40 minutes. Unfortunately, during my last visit my food took over 1 hour and 25 minutes to arrive and so I will never go back.
Additionally, there was a FLY - a huuuge fly - in our orange juice...and the orange juice is not fresh, it comes from a carton. I am very unsure how this could happen.
After a very long 2-hour "lunch" we get the bill, where they have charged us $22 for WATER. I argued with the owner for a while about the ridiculous price. He responded that the water is bottled, and therefore, he must charge $2.25 per water and per refill. YET they do not allow outside, non-alcoholic drinks onto the premises. So you either have lunch with NO water, or pay the ridiculous price.
Never going back, although the food is very, very delicious.Fantastic food. Hooked me up with a delicious vegan version of the Gran Vegetariano plate. Friendly service, welcoming environment! I'll be coming back here if I find myself in New Orleans again!I went there with my boyfriend who is salvadoran and the food tastes good , but we ordered horchata ( tipycal drink ) and didn't taste good !! It was old ...
The pupusas were okay  but I have tried better in New Orleans for a cheapest price !!Any restaurant that supplies you with multiple mini-dishes of accompaniments is doing things right in my book. It's even better when those dishes range from pickled cabbage, to El Salvadoran sour cream, salsa, and black beans. The Papusas are rather bangin'. A few of those and some black beans and saffron rice with some fried plantains + all those little tins of friendship I mentioned above make me super happy. Their Horchata is also the best in town. 
In terms of pricing, it's a little more expensive than what I want it to be, but it's worth it. The service may take longer than some people desire, but good food takes time. I'm going to say that La Macarena Pupuseria serves the best Latin food in New Orleans.Awesome food! Great service.  Will be back often.  Gluten free options.  The beef medallions were delicious.  Papusa platter with flautas was perfect. So many things to try!Only okay and overpriced.  
They only offer bottled water which they charge 2.25 for and their juice is 3.75 (the price of a large smoothie at Jamba Juice)  The bill ended up being $100 for my family of 5.  (My 2 younger children shared a plate)  This is the first time we have ever paid $100 for pupusas.  Seriously ridiculous.  
The pupusas were the smallest I've ever had.  (I'm from CA where it's not hard to find a good pupuseria)  I ordered the 3 pupusa plate.  It was good but not the best I've had, it did include fried plantains and beans but no rice.  Instead, a salad that I didn't touch.  
Despite the good service from the waitress - although the chef did make her rounds of making sure everyone enjoyed her (overpriced) food BUT I felt it was done right before they gave us the bill in attempt to soften the blow, I did not leave feeling good at all knowing we had just spent $100 and I was still really hungry.  Really disappointed.
I usually order two pupusas with rice & beans, leave super full WITH leftovers and money in my wallet from every other pupuseria I've been to.The food here is very fresh. and is some of the best Latin food you will find in the city.  I believe it is El Salvadorian, but I can't quit recall.  My wife and I split the chicken flautas and an entree, and I have to say I was pleasantly surprised.  Plenty of food, and the flavor was excellent.  I few people said this place was slow, but we went about 2:20pm on a Monday and it was fine.  It is a very small place, so I would imagine when it is busy, it could get crazy.
I am knocking off one star just because of the inconvenience of not accepting debit cards.  I know they don't because of the "fee" they are charged, but in this day and age, that is something as a restaurant you just have to deal with.  They do have an ATM on the premises, but it cost me $3 to take money out.  Bummer.
I will go back for sure, but next time I will bring cashola!Pupusas!! Friendly little hole-in-the-wall place that serves great Central American cuisine. Very stripped down operation (cash only, BYOB, usually no free parking, etc) but it definitely does not distract from the great food. Serving sizes are usually generous, and the kitchen is great with food allergies. There are a ton of good food options in the uptown/Carrollton/Oak St neighborhoods, but La Macarena should definitely not be overlooked.If you like food from El Salvador, you will like this restaurant.  All of the food is made from scratch and as you order it.  The pupusas are the best.Walking out of Camillia Grill in Carrolton I spied the words "PUPUSAS"  on a nearby brightly colored building, and headed straight for it, despite having a full belly already. One of my favorite memories of traveling in Central America is Salvadoran pupusas. I have eaten them once or twice in the US, but none approaching as good as these. This is the real stuff. Manny treated us like royalty. We got 3 orders to go, to eat on the plane home. TSA at the airport was suspicious, but when one of them heard we had pupusas in the bag, he excitedly passed us thru without a search. Pupusas are Salvadorean soul food, and this is the place to experience it.La Macarena is an incredible and intimate local Latin restaurant located right in the heart of Uptown, New Orleans. 
With vegan and gluten-free lunches, brunches, and dinners it was a natural choice for me. 
Each item was prepared with care and tasted delicious. I got the vegan platter and I recommend it. 
Manny the owner-operator served me one of the most amazing authentic Latin dishes I've tasted in New Orleans. Latin food is more than Mexican so give yourself and your tongue an education in flavor and try La Macarena. 
His service was impeccable and without error. I felt at home and like family.Having just moved back to Louisiana from Los Angeles, I have to say I was not very optimistic about the likelihood of finding pupusas any farther east than, say, New Mexico. I was superbly excited to find this place of Yelp, and I took a friend so she could experience the joy and love that is the pupusa.
Pretty good, I thought. The pupusas are served as part of a lunch special, which includes a small salad, rice, beans and plantains. Very nice touch. Good curdito, excellent beans, good rice -- the pupusas themselves were a bit disappointing. They were very small and not quite grilled enough for me -- still good, but nothing like the huge, golden-brown monsters in L.A. .
Anyway, I'd go back. Fo sho.I've never had a pupusa before. And this place is great. Nice traditional el Salvadoran food. I ate here and went back later to get food to go. Definitively get the pupusas...so simple yet so goodMy long time favorite! I love how they treat you like family and try new recipes on you to add to the menu. If you haven't tried a pupusa you need to try one from here. Get the sample platter for the full experience.  Don't forget to BYOB!I've ordered carryout from La Macarena twice and had a great experience both times.
The first time I went, I accidentally showed up right as they were closing. Nonetheless, the kitchen let me put in an order.
The kitchen (and manager) were just as kind the second time. My girlfriend and I are vegan;  I didn't read the menu carefully, and accidentally ordered something that was non-vegan. When I got there, they told me the situation, and offered to make me something else. Normally, they make their tamales in advance, but the chef offered to make me one on the spot, since he wasn't busy. A lot of restaurants in NOLA tolerant, at best, toward vegans. La Macarena went out of their way to accommodate me, and were extremely friendly.
The food was amazing as well! Everything was really fresh and flavorful; the "Tostaditas de frijoles y aguacate" was really tasty, and the fried plantains were the best I've ever had!Good service in New Orleans is a bit hard to find. The people that run this shop are extremely welcoming and very caring people. The food here is hands down some of the best Latin food I've ever had. Food does take a bit long to come out, but the sincere kindness of all the workers more than makes up for it. 
Absolutely delicious, everything we tried. The pupusa's and guac were to die for. It is cash only, just like many other small business' avoiding those tough CC charges. Absolutely loved this place and recommend it for anyone craving good food, and more importantly, great service!What a delightful surprise!!!! The food was so amazing I ate until I was stuffed!! I will definitely be back in the evening soon!!!This place is too good!!! Manny is great. For all y'all non Latin Americans, he's gonna make you feel right at home. This is the way you should be treated. On top of that, the kitchen honors Salvadorean Mother cooking everywhere. Every dish is a treat!Been here several times now to give this place a fair shot but each time they have come up short
Chicken flautas are good.
Their brunch menu is over priced and with small portions. Tried the ropa vieja burrito this time, which was a total rip off. Very little egg and brisket, just filled with rice.
Also had the plantains, which were over fried and just simply tasted like reused frying oil. Gross. 
I was utterly disappointed with the food but the only reason I am giving this place two stars instead of one is because of the chicken flautas. Overall over priced for the quality of food you receive. Will not be returning.Wow.  I really wasn't a fan of this place, but after seeing all of these reviews, I think I'm going to give it another try.
I went and I got the (a?) pupusa.  I had never tried it before and it wasn't bad.  It was really exotic.  It wasn't bad, but it's not what I'm used to.  I'm pretty adventurous, but this was different even for me.  I ordered on the recommendation of someone else, so if I went back I think I would take a little more time to look over the menu and figure out what I wanted for myself.
I have heard that they have an excellent breakfast/brunch, so I am eager to try that.
They don't serve alcohol, just a heads up.  They do have really good tea, though.Yummmmmmm!! I had the vegan breakfast burrito and the mango juice and both tasted fresh and delicious.  It's super cute and bright inside.  Very authentic.  Just make sure to plan ahead because it's cash only!Love, love, love La Macarena! Food is absolutely amazing. Great variety of pupusas including shrimp and vegetarian options. It's my New Orleans tradition, been coming for four years! Thanks Manny for always making it great!This is one of my favorite Latin restaurants that I've been to in Louisiana.  I've only been on weeknights when it's usually not very busy.  Makes for a pretty decent date atmosphere.  I always laugh at the guy who tells me that the flavored teas they have aren't sweetened but there is sweetener on the table.  Seriously dude, it's already so sweet I have to cut it with water.  I like their selection of teas (although they just taste like fruit juices to me)
The service here is very friendly and it's very common for the owner to be there and engage you.  The other employees are also very personable.  I've never had any big complaints with the food although I was a little disappointed with the filet that I ordered.  Not that it was bad but I felt like I enjoyed some of the cheaper items on the menu even more.We had a terrific brunch here of pupusas, huevos rancheros and appetizers. Very good service, totally fresh food. Loved the ceviche too.I don't even know where to begin. The restaurant is very small. A couple of tables inside and a table or two outside. My husband and I went with our 2 children.Both under the age of five. The tables were so close I'm sure the couple sitting next to us will never want to have children.My husband ordered a special plate. It had shrimp, chorizo( sausage) and a filet mignon with rice and salad. It was ok. I had the pupusa plate which came with cabbage salad, beans, creama, and plantains. My children ate off our plates.  I must say the plantains were delicious, but ( here it goes) the price's are iOUTRAGEOUS! We ordered a side order of just plantains and it was $8. That's crazy when you can get them at the store for $1 each and fry them yourself. The crema was so watery. We spent about $90. That's crazy for pupusas! Oh I forgot we had desert, a flan which was good. Over all this place is way too over priced for this type of food. I was very  disappointed. I guess trying new places isn't always a good thing. I will be sticking to my favorite Pupuseria on the Westbank. Which is much less expensive, tastier, and  more roomy.First off, the service was excellent! My boyfriend amd I tried papusas, enchiladas, and tamales. They tasted homemade and authentic. Awesome Latin American food!Stumbled across La Macarena and just needed a quick lunch. Our waiter described the new fish and shrimp tacos so we gave them a shot. Best Tacos Ever! Full stop. Wow! 3 great shrimp tacos with abundance of nice medium shrimp sautéed in a butter tomato base, wonderful lettuce and creamy dressing on lightly cooked corn tortillas. Literally best ever. Fish was the same but slightly breaded and blackened, also the best. We are eating on our trip at some of New Orleans most highly rated restaurants and this was actually my favorite meal so far. Congrats!I'll start with the positives: cute decor and the food was really tasty. Its a little challenging to find good south american food in nola so this was a pleasant surprise. 
Unfortunately our experience ended on a sour note when we got the bill and realized we had been charged for $12 guacamole!!! When the waiter said "i"ll bring you some chips and guacamole to start with" after taking our drink orders. There was no indication that we would be charged for this. Consider yourself warned! Next thing is that i'm on a plant based diet and so I ordered the vegan brunch menu item ($14). My suppose to be vegan pupusa had cheese in it! Now if I was a vegan doing it for animal rights I would be very upset that my pupusa had cheese in it. You can't advertise a vegan option and then throw some cheese in there. Thats not ok! The place is pretty pricey, cash only (sign is hidden in a corner) and the waiter tries to upsell you food add-ons which gets pretty annoying after the third time of politely declining.The food is fresh and delicious. The staff is delightful. BYOB with no corkage fee. It's all fantastic.If you're riding the St. Charles streetcar make sure to get off at Riverbend and eat at the Macarena. We started with the ceviche and guacamole both outstanding  and served with house made tortilla chips. We then moved on to the popusas that are served with all the accoutrements - crema, salsa, salad and especially delicious griddled plantains. The only thing better than the food was the hospitality of the staff.I loved this place so much, I had to come home and immediately give it a review. I have never eaten pupusas before in my life, but my brother took my family there for dinner. I was so pleasantly surprised, the entire meal we talked about how delicious the food was. I thought the prices were a bit high, but so worth the delicious food. They give you fried plantains so you get a little sweet side at the end! The cook talked to us at the end and he was so nice! It was my dad's birthday so he gave us a tres leches cake on the house, and it was amazing as well. I haven't walked out of a restaurant being so happy with meal, saying, "wow, that place was awesome" in a long time. I will definitely go back!A friend and I stopped into this cute little cafe for brunch on Saturday morning. The young lady who greeted us and was also our server was very friendly and helpful.  
We started with  Agua Frescas to drink. They're not teas and not quite just fruit juice; what they are is very light and refreshing. My friend had the Shrimp and Avocado Salad which he said was delicious. I ordered the pork pupusas plate off the dinner menu. I thoroughly enjoyed the meal. The signature dish reminded me of Colombian arepas, only heartier and with meat. I found the fusion of flavors to be surprisingly complex and not "starchy" at all. The small side salad was pleasant with a light house dressing. The black beans were pureed to a creamy consistency and full of flavor. The El Salvadoran slaw was a vinegar slaw flavored with hot peppers. The plantains were fresh, firm and not too sweet. 
Lastly, we split the Tres Leches. I was honestly afraid when it came to the table. It looked like a piece of dry yellow cake with whipped cream frosting. This was not the case. The dish was very moist and flavorful and truly authentic. 
I truly want to give this place 5 stars, and the reason I didn't was the speed of service. When we arrived, and up until just before we got our food, our server was the only server for the entire cafe. This would not have been a problem if 5 tables had not seated right after us. The owner did come in and helped to speed things up. He was very pleasant and truly cared about the guests and their dining experience. That said, we never had to wait for water or beverage refills.
Sadly, I am only here in New Orleans for a week, but hopefully I will make it back to La Macarena before I leave and I hope I will be able to give it its 5th star.My husband and I were in NOLa for vacation. He's Salvadoran and wanted to check out a pupuseria in Lousiana. The curtido and pupusas were delicious as well as the platanos, though I was expecting plain crema as opposed to cinnamon sweetened crema.The menu reflects a variety of latin cuisines and though their presentations are not traditional, they are lovely. The combination plates are a very good value and very fresh. The family who owns this place are very nice and very accommodating.I am giving La Macarena a high rating due to to great food,  i always feel like i am eating fresh food when i come here,   I really love the brunch special on sundays.  i highly recommend the place!  I do agree with everyone that it feels a bit too expensive which is why i don't eat there as often as i'd like to,  but if it were cheaper they would need a much bigger restaurant as everyone would be eating there as often as they'd like!  Manny, the owner is a sweetheart and like your mama loves to feed you,  sending you tidbits to try if the place isnt too busy.  I also have to agree that sometimes the wait staff can be slow,  i've had to wait while they chatted for far too long even when the place is slow (its better when Manny is there).  And it can feel like a wait for the food,  but it is freshly prepared,  so...wait,  its worth it!  If you are not familiar with the food,  Be brave and try it out wonderful tastes, clean and fresh foods  great juices, and a nice little place to visit.stumbled in on accident & regretted it. very little flavor. The food here is so bland and not what I expect when want Latin cuisine.  I went in at lunch and there was no one in there, but it still took a while to get my order.  I won't go back.Best food in riverbend!! Their pupusas are amazing. I've eaten plenty of pupu's and these were the best ever. Their variety and food quality is stellar. Their service makes you feel like you're part of their family. Warm, attentive, personable. BYOB is great. Their agua fresca is addictive. I've had all the Pupusas, the flautas, and the tamales. I try to eat here any chance I get. Lucky me it's in my neighborhood!I want to like this place but I just can't. It is way too overpriced and the food is not anything special. I lived in Latin America for ten years and love latin food. Unfortunately this place just gets it all wrong. They overcharge for bland, simple food that does not use the best ingredients. The atmosphere is kind of fun and I have enjoyed being there but I always feel ashamed leaving having spent almost twenty dollars on a remarkably average dish that leaves me hungry. Would definitely encourage people to go somewhere else for their fix of latin food.Love this place. Great service every time, food is unique for the area and it's all delicious. Ask about specials-New Orleans style often makes its way into these plates. Also, great place to BYOB.DELICIOUS. Can't recommend highly enough. Such great options and a must for vegetarians. I tried a platter: a mix of puspa, enchilada, and tamale. All fresh and amazing. Service was amazing and BYOB was a great option. Don't forget: cash only.I really really wanted to love this place because the restaurant is cute and I absolutely love pupusas, but it just didn't cut it for me...
We just moved here from South Florida which is crawling with pupusa restaurants and I'm used to big, overstuffed pupusas that are cheap and delicious. The ones here are kind of tiny, plain, and way over priced. I ordered the pupusa lunch plate and it came with a tiny scoop of yellow rice, teensy bit of so so refried beans, a little salad, couple fried plantains, and two little pupusas. It sounded like a lot of food when I saw it on the menu but I felt like there was only enough to "sample" the food. I understand that some  people don't like greasy pupusas either, but if they're made right with real ground pork, beans, and cheese then they kinda have no choice but to be greasy. These were not. 
As I said, the restaurant itself is cute and I love the "Don't touch my pupusa" sign but it wasn't enough to make me want to go back. I'd rather go to a dumpy little place with more food and lower prices.I had a fantastic breakfast at La Macarena last weekend, more interesting than neighbor Refuel's options and executed perfectly.  I chose the Salvadoran breakfast, which included a cheese pupusa, fried plantains, a chicken tamale, a bit of refried black beans, curtido, and crema.  I also had a very lovely hot chocolate, as it was a cold day (and the restaurant was also very chilly, unfortunately--I was a bit glad I was the only person in there so that I could monopolize the one space heater they had running!).  The day I ate there, Refuel was packed, while for most of my meal, I was the sole diner at La Macarena--that needs to change.  The food was delicious, the prices are reasonable, and the menu is creative.We accidentally stumbled upon this place and can't get enough.  The food and service here are exceptional.  We love taking friends here and showing it off. I can't say enough... I love their pupusas.Loved this place! First off, the food was fabulous, and I got to try things I'd never had before. (Seriously, order a Pupusa, you won't regret it.) The dining room was small, un-pretentious, and welcoming, and our waiter was fun and efficient. It was byob, which helped on the wallet front, and the cute little El Salvadorian owner came around with free sangria shots. This place just got added to our regular rotation.Great Central American cuisine- wonderful ceviche' and pupusas.Best Latin food I've ever experienced, would have to say that this is my new all time favorite place to eat and will be coming back as frequently as possible. Delicious authentic food, organic ingredients, byob, and even has amazing vegan food.La Macarena is a small family Owens's restaurant. You can bring your own alcohol as well. I ordered 2 traditional pupusas with a tamale. The pupusas were so cheesy and seasoned. They were amazing. I wasn't greatly impressed with the tamale, but it was edible. My friend has a pork chop that was seasoned and cooked perfectly. They definitely are known for their pupusas, but I think it was a little pricey in comparison to other Pupuserias.I stumbled into La Macarena by accident and good god it ended up having the most ridiculously friendly atmosphere of any restaurant I've been to in years. From the moment we stepped inside, the owner welcomed us and gave a brief history behind his family and the location. If he finds out it's your first time, you might get treated like royalty. Fair warning. This may be a turn off for those looking for a more hands off evening, though, as the place only has about half a dozen tables so privacy isn't guaranteed in the least.
The food isn't bad but it's not really a great sign that the unique welcome was more memorable than what showed up on the plate. The papusas in particular were surprisingly disappointing given that it's their core dish. The signature appetizer Guacamole & Shrimp Tostadas was delicious, though. The rest of the food was serviceable but not overly impressive. Lastly, even with its laid back atmosphere in mind, the service was incredibly slow. We ended up spending more time there than originally intended. 
Side note: It is BYOB with no corkage fee so that may be a plus for some.This is the best pupuseria here in the USA
As soon as you go in Manny the owner treats you like family like if he has been waiting for you!
The food is exceptional and the service is amazing. 
The Salvadorian breakfast took me back to my grandmas kitchen it was unbelievable!The food and service are absolutely amazing. Home feel with great and friendly employees. They even brought specialty dishes out to our table that werent on the menu. I wish this place got the recognition it deserves. P.S. the owner is a Tulane alumn so they have a bunch of deals for students.Update 12/20/12. I've visited this place a couple more times with (very) small parties and I've gained more respect for it. Because of my friend's vegetarianism and my own budding dietary rules, I'm giving it 4/5 because of their delicious vegetarian options. They even have a vegan burrito for brunch. What the what?!Major disappointment & WAAY over-priced for the quality of food. Nothing special at all. In fact most of the items we tasted did not even seem home-made (and only a hint of Latin flavor). Don't waste your money here.Love this place! The food was authentic and the place was very cozy. It is a small place, but that's what makes it cozy. The passion fruit lemonade is very refreshing. I ordered the chicken with Spanish garlic shrimp on top...delicious! Also, the owner Is very welcoming and the service was excellent. I will be returning to this place very soon.Visited from Charleston SC with a group of 4 for brunch during the week at the recommendation of a friend who lives in New Orleans. The staff was very friendly, answered questions & offered information about their menu. There were plenty of vegetarian & even vegan options. The vegetarian & vegan burritos were hits with the ladies, the refried black beans very tasty & smooth, and the huevos rancheros was thoroughly enjoyed by me. A friend tried a horchata & it was a little too sweet for her, so they altered the recipe a bit & poured her another glass. We'll be back whenever we return to Nola. And being from Charleston, I think we definitely know good food.We LOVE this place! Excellent food & friendly service.  The pupusa platter is the best! I've been here about 6 or 7 times and the food is always fresh, well prepared and delicious.  I've meet the owner before too, he's such a nice guy.  One time we went he gave my young son a stuffed animal  as a gift. We also met his mother...she's really great too!  
Cash only..but there's an ATM inside.
You should go!!Went last weekend for brunch.  We scoured the menu and went with Montaditos (Marinated beef tenderloin medallions served on garlic toast), which were delicious; the pork tamale, which was huge and tasted ok; and the Cosmopolitan burrito (Argentinian chorizo, eggs, hash browns & cheese), which was good.  I also got passion fruit juice, which had no real taste at all.  
The service was ok, but our food took longer than we thought it should have - it wasn;t overly busy.  The prices were also a little high for our liking.  And it was cash only, which is a major turnoff for us.Worst dining experience ever! We ordered the vegan tamales, which came with cheese on them. Some people in our party ordered tapas with meat, while I personally am a vegetarian and only ordered vegetarian options. My fiance never received the second tapas he ordered and had to ask about it before being told they were out of one of the ingredients, and he would not be getting it. When we questioned about the tapas, it became clear the waiter had given me a tapas that had meat in it. Rather than being apologetic, he just said, "well I guess I made a mistake", as if serving a vegan cheese and a vegetarian meat was no big deal.We found this little gem while waiting in a table at Refuel. The line was long and it was cold so we decided to go next door and try this Latin Cafe. We are so glad we did. She had the Central American breakfast with possibly the best Pupusa in NOLO. My cosmopolitan burrito was amazing with chorizo from Argentina. So happy the place next door was full else we wouldn't have wondered in here.Cash only & they are VERY sneaky about it. 
It's listed only at the bottom of the menu on the backside in a font smaller than the rest of the menu. So if you make the mistake of ordering small plates from the front of the menu & sharing, like my whole table, you won't notice that detail. It's not posted anywhere else. Good thing they have an ATM inside with a $3 extra charge that is owned by the same sneaky bastards. 
Even if this wasn't true, the food has no flavor. It's very bland & boring & over priced. There are much better places to eat in this city. When we walked in, we were the only ones there at 7:00 PM on a Thursday. That should have been a red flag, and some in my party mentioned how odd that seemed. We decided to give it a chance anyways. Huge mistake. The food wasn't worth the original price. Much less the service fee on top. None of us were planning on going back, but now we won't be back even if they revamp the menu.This Salvadoran restraunt is the best latin cuisine you'll find in the city ! The shrimp tacos were to die for just bursting with flavor. The owner Manuel  is awesome and takes great pride in delivering fresh authentic food! I am hooked and will be returning!We wandered through the garden district and were lucky to find this place.  All fresh and authentic with amazing flavor and friendly staff.  We came back the next day and highly recommend all to this great restaurant.  I'm from Atlanta and wish we had this here.  Highly recommended.Amazing food and wonderful service.  Having grown up in a Cuban household, I can tell you the maduros are some of the best that I've ever had.   
Everything was well prepared and delicious!I used the 98% rating from urban spoon to find this place one Saturday night. I was not disappointed. The place was overflowing with people and loud music. Spanish flowed around the tables and between the owners and customers. The brightly colored, small restaurant definately has a good groove and serves a niche for the local foodies. 
The owner is from El Salvador and proudly displays his mama's recipes. He personally came to each table to tell us about his evening specials and explain how to eat each dish the authentic way. 
For an appetizer I had a shrimp tostada with fresh guacamole. The lime and cilantro added to the fresh taste and the shrimp was perfect.
Never having had a pupusa I didn't know what I was in for. It was filled with all sorts of stuff and came with a fresh tomato sauce, homemade crema and some marinated/pickled onions. The combination of flavors was very different and fantastic. I also had a homemade chicken tamale wrapped in banana leaves-this was not  tex-mex, interior mexico, or like any other tamale I have ever had before.  Again, a must try item.
The black beans were made with olive oil and were spiced perfectly and the fried plantains were also cooked perfectly. 
This restaurant has only been open 7 months but in a city of great food this new eatery is on my must eat there again list.Loved the Central American Breakfast. Great, friendly, service. Family owned place in the NOLA area since 2003.Nice place for weekend brunch. The wait staff were very friendly and answered all the questions we had. Here are some thoughts/info randomly arranged
- Cash only place, beware
- Pupusas were very good
- They had good vegetarian options
- I felt the place was a little pricey, especially for a cash only place and considering the portion sizeYummy! I grew up in Nicaragua and El Salvador and the food here is on point, thought it was a little pricey but overall a great experience.Mediocre at best and way overpriced. Pupusas were small and dry. At almost $15 a plate you'd expect a lot more. Plus service was very slow and we were the only people in there. Got my wife's order wrong to boot The chicken flautas tasted store bought and reheated. If you want real Latin food try Fiesta or La Cocinita. Won't be going backSo good i ordered a whole meal of pupusas to go. Would love to come back if i got the chance. Drove 3hrs to come here today. ThumbsUp. Owner & staff super nice!I just ate here for the first time with my boyfriend. I'm a vegetarian, and my boyfriend isn't, so going out to eat can sometimes be difficult. This restaurant was a great option for both of us, as the menu contained both vegetarian and non-vegetarian options.
We started with the guacamole, which came with very well-seasoned homemade chips. We then shared the spinach and cheese papousas, which had the perfect balance of spinach and cheese filling. My boyfriend had the meatballs; I had an amazing yucca dish. My dish was not on the menu, but the owner prepared it for me because they had run out of the dish I originally wanted.  What this restaurant did particularly well was spice their food. 
The restaurant has a family-dinner ambiance; the servers were personable and attentive.  
The only downside of this place is that it's BYOB, and the nearby Walgreens doesn't sell alcohol. If you plan on having a drink with your meal, come prepared. 
Overall, a delicious restaurant that is perfect for a date night!As a vegan, I appreciated that there were several veggie options on the menu.  My husband and I ordered lunch combos (his meaty, mine not) and we both loved the sides that came with our meals (rice, beans, plantains & salad).  I loved my veggie pupusas  ---they were filled with portabella mushrooms instead of cheese.  My plate came with a spicy sauce -- perfect for dipping my pupusas :)
My hubby thought his brisket wasn't too flavorful/spicy, and the meat came on a piece of toast that ended up soggy (from the meat).  It wasn't enough to turn him away, as he said he will just order something else next time!  We also each ordered a juice drink-- quite tasty, and at $2 seemed like more of a bargain than the meals.  The food was fresh, so worth it, but for lunch it was a bit expensive (as everyone else mentions!!).  And a final note of great importance: CASH only!!Delicious and super friendly!  Tostaditos con frioles and papusas were generously sized and authentic per my wife who grew up in El Salvador.    I loved the guacamole with fresh chips and the shrimp ceviche.  Ropa vieja is also highly recommended.Not Lost in Translation
Stopped in on the night of the Great December flood and was greeted by the owner and staff (neither of whom spoke English, which is a good thing when you're trying to go authentic).  I was a little non-plused by the fact that they don't take credit cards, but since I'm anti plastic anyway, I suppose I couldn't be too upset.  The pupusas were pretty good and there was a special that was pulled pork with a white sauce that was awesome.  I wish I knew what it's called but my cruddy Spanish and the stress of being trapped in the Riverbend have conspired to make that an impossiblity.  The winner of that wet night was the flan, which was not too sweet and so incredibly moist.  
Gave the chef, Mario, a standing-O on the way out.Best carne asada I've ever had! Wonderful flavors, cooked perfectly. The shrimp that came with it was a great combination. The pupusas were delicious, chicken and pork tamales were to die for. Passion fruit lemonade with hibiscus was a refreshing compliment to the meal. We really enjoyed taking to the owner, Manny. He uses some of his grandma's recipes. You can feel the passion behind his cooking and the pride in his restaurant when you talk to him, and it comes through in the flavors in his food. We will be back!Everything that came to our table was great. Papusas are awesome. This is a great place for vegetarians or those who are gluten free.I would wade through flooded streets to eat at this place. Oh wait, thats exactly what I did. 
The last time I went here was during one of the spontaneous flooding events New Orleans periodically has. My friends and I were the only patrons, and the owner served us, which is what normally happens anyway.  
Overall the food is a refreshing break from the deep fried southern deliciousness I usually indulge in. This is just as tasty, just more southern... or central if you think about it. hmmm.
While pupusas are not the most exciting dish on the planet, these are still pretty good. They come with beans, some pickled cabbage, and plantains (sweet goodness).    One thing I have to say though, it is a little pricey for pupusas.  I blame it on the small operation.
Things of Note:
- CASH ONLY. atm on premises.
- NO CORKAGE FEE. BYOB. yayayayayay!Seriously the best. I've been three times and it's been outstanding everytime. The pupusa's are the thing to get! Staff is incredible. 
Note: they're cash only and they don't serve alcohol. However, they do encourage you to bring your own! Great place.Had a very disappointing experience today. My guy and I pop in every now and then to La Macarena because we had our first date here but today may be the last time we relive nostalgia. 
1. We were the only table inside (there was one table finishing up outside) for about 5 minutes until a rush of people came in behind us. 3 tables inside and 1 new one outside. The waitress took orders from everyone who sat after us first and then made her way to us. The new table outside who sat second after us ended up leaving because they were waited on dead last. 
2. The food was pretty much tasteless and very expensive for the amount of food for the price. We got the "Central American Breakfast" ($13) and it sounded fairly substantial, but it was not. The piece of chorizo was tiny, like, one bite, the bread under the tiny slice of avocado was soggy, and we did not get plantains as advertised.
I didn't take a picture because I was dumbfounded on where the rest of my food was-- but please look at the yelp photos. The plates are filled with ramekins with crema, salsa, and slaw. There is little real food on the plate, just fillers. 
3. We told the waitress about the missing plantains when she picked up our plates. She said we should have told her earlier-- we had actually tried to get her attention during our meal, but she was flirting with some college guys and never checked on us after she brought the food. She did not offer to bring us the missing plantains either. Thanks..    : /
4. She did not refill my water, so most of my meal I had nothing to drink. 
La Macarena should look into hiring an additional server because 4 tables was obviously too much for her to handle or may be just have people order at the counter. Some basic serving training would help too. 
The price of the food is extremely expensive for the quantity, lack of flavor, and service. $30 for two Central American plates (which was really was one tostada (their version of huevos rancheros) and one small pupusas. We left super disappointed and very hungry. 
oh and cash only.I love this place! Amazing food, it's hard to find very good pupusas but this restaurant is completely amazing!! The horchata is very good. Try the shrimp and cheese pupusas!My favorite brown bag location! You can't beat the service, the staff is great, and the FOOD! Oh, the food. Delicious, fresh, and unique. La Macarena has quickly become my default location for out of town guests.Yummy!  We stumbled upon this place while trying to go to Camelia Grill..and via Yelp..thanks, Yelpers!  It's a small place with about 8 tables and a counter area.  Service was friendly, knowledgeable, and accommodating.  The food tasted fresh - reminded me of a Latin/Caribbean cuisine. (The owner, who we met, is from El Salvador) We had the Sampler Dinner Plate..(I finished it because it was sooo good!), the Dinner Special with churizo, grilled shrimp, and "asada", tropical salad, and a couple other items from the tapas menus.  The only small drawback was that it seemed to take a while for the food to come out.  Other than that, I would definitely recommend this little restaurant.   Of course, the Papusa was yummy! PS - CASH ONLY!A modest little place that is cash only. The menu is a dream for anyone with special dietary needs, offering plenty of corn-based and vegetarian options, and even some vegan ones. I sampled their three vegetarian papusas, and I would struggle to pick a favorite as each one seemed better than the last. Spinach, beans, and mushrooms with peppers all excited the tastebuds, each papusa having ample cheese and arriving with a slightly charred exterior. They also came with some sort of fermented cabbage, which was weird but which I did eat, and some delicious salsa, which I was worried I would run out of until it turned out that the beans were so tasty they didn't need it.
There were plenty of other things I could see returning to try, and they apparently sell king cakes as well. On a cold day, they blasted their impromptu heaters to the extreme to make up for it, but on a nice summer evening, I'd want to eat there.Absolutely amazing, fresh food. Have been going here for a few years and they've always been consistently great. The owner is nice, warm, and welcoming every time you walk in. Would recommend to anyone and everyoneThis is one of those places that makes me wish I still lived in NOLA. The food here, especially the papusas, are freakin' delicious! I've known Manny for a few years, but I'm always disappointed when I go and he's not working. I always forget they don't take credit cards, but they do have an ATM inside.I first tasted pupusas in El Salvador and was desperate for some when I came back home. This place was recommended to me by a Salvadoran friend so we went for his birthday, and I've been going back ever since. I recommend not just the pupusas, but also the breakfast combos (my favorite is the Salvadoran breakfast). If I could rate this little gem more than 5 stars I'd do it!I tried them for lunch last week and found it to be ok, if just a tad pricey.  I had the pupusa lunch special, one with just cheese and the other with peppers and mushrooms.  I liked the soft cheese that they import, such a nice difference from other restaurant's cheese offerings.  The black beans were awesome but the slaw was a little too vinegary and the Italian dressing on the side salad was just a miss.  A little guacamole would have worked better.  The plantains were yummy but the sauce/salsa was ok.  I might go back and try again as they are veg/vegan friendly.Manny and his family are absolute experts. The level of customer service is out of this world. He makes you feel like you're in their home, having a casual and delicious meal. The food is insane. It was very obvious from the first bite that they take their ingredients very seriously. Everything is top quality and made with love. Without a doubt, we will be returning.Love love love this place! One of the only places I can find organic food AND huge portions. Everything is always so fresh & ridiculously delicious. Service is also wonderful. Oh and it's byob with no corkage fee. It's like a little dream come true. Easy 5 stars!I have a couple of gripes about this place that prevent me from visiting unless friends insist:
1. Cash only.  Seriously?  In this day and age?  In my experience, businesses that operate cash only are avoiding paying taxes.  Don't even try to use the credit card fee excuse because point 2.
2. Value - this place is expensive for what and the amount that they serve.  The food is good, but it's not mind blowing.  At $14.95 for 3 small pupusas, a tiny amount of beans and 3 slices of plantains, this place is overpriced.  There are other places in the city that are arguably just as good, at a more reasonable price point.
3. Cleanliness - always seems to be dirty.  Not quite dead roach and things that fell off tables on the floor this last visit.I love this place, and the fact that it's in my neighborhood, and they deliver, are just two layers of icing on the cake.
The pupusas are the perfect comfort food- I first ordered delivery after recovering from a horrible cold, and the dish was as comforting as my mama's lap.  Cozy, but not greasy. Fresh and filling.
Plus, their brunch menu is equally rad!
Word up, though: it's cash only.  There is an ATM on site, but it charges a silly fee.First let's start with the exemplary customer service !!!!! I was instantly greeted with such warm and vibrant energy from the server! I also ordered the DELICIOUS pupusas which I couldn't even wait to take a picture of to post haha ! Safe to say best I've ever had . Ordered ten more to go. Then followed up with the amazing dinner special of
Carne asada with rice, beans, salad and a home made toasted tortilla accompanied by the amazing passion fruit lemonade they serve. This place is a must for both visitors and locals !!!Delicious Latin American food.  The Grande Vegetariano plate is AMAZING.  Cash only, BYOB.  Will definitely revisit!La Macarena is a small family owned restaurant. You can bring your own alcohol as well. I ordered 2 traditional pupusas with a tamale. The pupusas were so cheesy and seasoned. They were amazing. I wasn't greatly impressed with the tamale, but it was edible. My friend had a pork chop that was seasoned and cooked perfectly. They definitely are known for their pupusas, but I think it was a little pricey in comparison to other pupuseriI had lunch here, and while it was pretty good, I wasn't super impressed like I wanted to be from what people have told me. First of all, they are a cash only business. Really??? Come on, this is just aggravating.  They have an ATM machine inside, but I never trust those stand alone ATMs. Now for the food, the cheese pupusa and the fried plantains that I had were awesome.  I loved that part of my meal. The other part, which was an avocado and tomato sandwich and a side salad have some room for major improvements. I'm going to start with the bread the sandwich is on. It's this wannabe french bread, that is softer than french bread. It's pretty boring.  I was expecting something a little more ethnic. Not sure what that would be, but maybe something crunchier.  Then the sandwich was literally just avocado and tomato on bread, with tons of yellow mustard slathered all over it. I think it needed some other type of condiment on it that has some cilantro and lime flavors maybe? Or maybe they need to put that slaw they served with the pupusa on the sandwich like I did. It added a whole new level to this boring sandwich. I think I may be experimenting in my kitchen this weekend on my own version of this sandwich. I will say a few comments about the salad. The greens and cucumber and tomato were great, nice and fresh and then topped with some of that slaw.  The salad was ruined by this dressing that covered it. The dressing from that awesome slaw is great by itself, I don't know why they ruined it by drenching my salad in this stuff that tasted like wishbone Italian dressing. Such a generic dressing flavor. Next time I will order it without dressing. I want to go back and get some of the other more traditional things on the menu.  Maybe then I can update my review with some more positive thoughts.