Wonderful dining experience. Service was phenomenal. Food was excellent. Will return soon. Perfect end to a wonderful NOLA visitWould love to give it 5 stars, but this being our second visit we were a bit let down. Here's why.... drinks, awesome. Appetizers (ricotta dumplings and the special of the night, shrimp fritters) awesome.  But the entrees, not so great. Hubby had paneed rabbit, pretty good. I had turtle bolognese. Both were excellent to start but  after a few bites it was so SALTY. Anyone else found that or just us???  Maybe the chef had a bad night. Won't stop us from going back though.I was visiting from NYC & I was getting really frustrated with the restaurants that my hotel concierge recommended. I took it upon myself to find a restaurant that I would enjoy. I am so happy that I did because I found La Petite Grocery. It is the quintessential New Orleans restaurant that I was looking for. The food was superb, our server was so engaging and knowledgeable and the ambiance was enchanting. 
If you are particular about dinning out like i am- do yourself a favor and visit this restaurant (you wont be sorry). 
Thanks La Petite Grocery for making our visit a memorable one!I have to go with the consensus here, the crab beignets were honestly one of the best things i've ever tasted in my life. They were perfect. Get them! 
The entree menu is TINY. Of course, the smaller the menu, the better the food typically. That being true, this menu was extra small. I ended up getting the burger, because it was recommend by everyone I talked to. Not the type of place you'd expect to get a cheeseburger, but it was fantastic. Perfectly cooked and delicious. 
The service was also great. We showed up at 7:30 on a Saturday night with no reservations and they were able to squeeze us into a table outside. Out waitress was great. 
I'd absolutely go back.This place came highly recommended to us, and for good reason. We went for brunch about a week after Justin Devillier won the James Beard Award for Best Chef in the South. 
The meal started in an amazing way when our bloody mary's showed up with three jumpo shrimp on the edge of the glass and quite a bit of crab meat floating. I've seen a lot of garnishes on bloodies, but this was a first for me. The price was somewhat steep at $17, but it's basically a drink and cocktail in one, so it seemed justified. 
For an appetizer, we ordered blue crab beignets. I'm a fan of sweet beignets, but these savory ones quickly became the best beignets I've had. The combination of flavors was remarkable. I got gulf shrimp and grits for my main, and I was happily full and content by the time we finally left. 
Honestly, my only regret was that we didn't come back here for dinner. We will on our next trip, if we can get a table. This place is so good that it will probably be packed for the foreseeable future.This was the first restaurant we ate at when we arrived in NO for a long weekend and it was definitely a hit.  
We were there celebrating my husband's 30th birthday, and it couldn't have been better.  We arrived 30 minutes before our reservation and we were seated right away even though the restaurant was quite full.  We had the blue crab beignets as an appetizer -- they melt in your mouth and an evening special (can't remember the name) with pasta and turtle - delish!
Our entrees included the paneed rabbit, shrimp and grits and the seared duck and blue crab au gratin (which is ridiculously delicious!).  Everything looked beautiful and tasted amazing.  The portions were perfect as well and we still had room for dessert, which included the pineapple tarte tatin with coriander ice cream, a root beer float made with the local Abita root beer, creme brulee and berry financier with olive oil ice cream (our favorite).
I highly recommend checking this place out!Went here for Sunday brunch.  Was a little annoyed because I wanted reservations for later around 1130 noon and they said they only had 1030 but when we got to the restaurant there were multiple empty tables for over an hour.  Besides that the food was great and loved the atmosphere.  Crab beignets are amazing and they make good drinks.  Overall I would definitely recommend just maybe make a reservation a few months in advance.I went to this place a few weeks ago, but I'm only writing a review now, because I was trying to figure out how to put it's greatness into words.
I had only heard of this place in passing when a friend of mine and I decided to check it out.  I was immediately impressed as soon as I walked into the door.  We were there for an early dinner on a weeknight, so it wasn't crowded.  There was a guitarist playing light background music in the dining room, which just made it an even more lovely experience.
As soon as we sat down, the waitress was extremely helpful about everything from wine selection to which dishes she recommended.  We started with an appetizer of blue crab beignets, which were amazing!  They were these light, fluffy pastries stuffed with delicious crab and then drizzled with a tasty sauce.  We both agreed that they were fantastic. (Sorry Scott S, maybe you were there on an "off" night.  These DEFINITELY tasted like crab to me!)
For our entree' we got the fish of the day (I think it was black fish, but don't quote me) that was cooked to perfection, and also covered with a delicious cream sauce.  Needless to say, I finished all of it.  No doggie bags, here!
I wish I had had room for dessert.  The waitress described a pecan pie with Bourbon sauce and Vanilla ice cream, which I am sure I would have adored.  I LOVE pecan pie.  I may go back one evening and sit down and try it sometime soon!
I would absolutely go back here. Between the atmosphere and the food, this is a fantastic place to start an evening.I've lived by La Petite for several years but have never gone until recently with some coworkers.  The Crab Beignets were amazing and I highly recommend them. They were by far the best things we had.  As an entree I had the rabbit, which was alright but I likely won't get it again.Ehhhh...it was ok. Overall, food was a little bland for my taste.  Here's the breakdown.
Came here my girlfriend, my sister and BIL. Great company!  Started out with a salad and a few appetizers. Salad was a total bomb. It was their mixed green special with blue cheese vinaigrette. The dressing to greens ratio was off - not enough dressing. In the end, the dressing wasn't any good so who cares about the ratio.  We left half the dish uneaten. 
Apps were the seafood beignets and the burrata. The beignets sounded awesome but lacked any decent seasoning. They were extremely creamy on the inside but were neither sweet or savory. High expectations on the seafood beignets made for a disappointment. I'd rank the dish a 2/5. The buratta was ok - 3/5.  Small portion too. But because it wasn't much of a hit, no one minded. 
Saving grace of the night - the burger. My girlfriend and sister both got it. It was really tasty.  Soft, buttery bun. Fresh dressings and a house sauce. Sometimes I judge a restaurant strictly on their burger. Le Petite had a good one. Unfortunately, it was the only really tasty dish we had. Because the burger was so good, I'm giving La Petite Grocery the benefit of the doubt. I bet they have some other nice dishes...we just didn't order them.  
Service was ok. Nice lady for our waitress. She was fairly prompt. Pleasant enough. Not great but not bad either. 
Ambience was very cool. Shabby chic. Ornate ceilings, fancy bar, mason jars. The place was charming. It reminded Shari V. of a French country cottage kitchen...well said Shari V. 
All in all, I won't repeat. 
Shari V Quote:  "The beignets were seasoned like we're in Ohio". OuchAlways a pleasure to sit at the bar and watch Holly (Hollessa) work her magic on every cocktail potions she shakes up. I had what I always come for the paneed rabbit with the spatzel started with the pickle jar. The hubby had the Chop. Creme brûlée was amazing! The coconut thing was just okay. It takes like a panna cotta with toasted nuts and coconut. Extra special Madeira was a nice finish. Service & food was perfect as always.Great Brunch!  I'm not going to stretch this review out. We started out with cocktails...wonderful. Then on to appetizers. Loved the blue crab beignets. The entrees were, pork loin & biscuit (eggs Benedict,) waffles, Shrimp & grits and the BELA sandwich. All exceptional!  We will be back.Turned away at 9:30pm on a Thursday when just requesting a drink at the bar, though they were clearly still serving, by an ungracious and overly authoritarian young hostess. Bad form & decidedly "un-French" of them! Won't be back to try the food.Great food but extremely rude front staff refusing to seat our party properly.
Ruined the overall experience, will not be back again.  Too many other great options in New Orleans where they have real southern hospitality and don't treat your family like second class citizens.Very disappointing. Service was especially poor.  Our entres were very slow coming and then the mamager came and said they were out of the evening's special.  After another long period our entres came and it was  extraordinarily average.
The blue crab beignets were more bread than crab, less that 1 inch in diameter, and $4.00 each.I went here with 2 vendors today.  We started off with the blue crab beignets.  I though they needed a touch more seasoning.  I was not a fan of the aioli at all.  It tasted like mayonnaise. We had the Brussels sprouts.  I am a huge fan!!!  Loved them.  2 of us ordered the shrimp and grits.  Great portion and the consistency of the grits were fantastic.  The other one got a burger which she asked for medium, but was RAW in the inside.  She didn't complain just didn't eat that part.  The fries were good and we enjoyed the aioli.  I will check it out soon fro dinner.Take a 10min cab to Magazine street to the amazing La Petite Grocery. The thoughtful menu caters to all tastes, and you don't necessarily have to be a "foodie" to appreciate it- although if you are, you are in for a real delight! Steak tartare, blue crab beignets, mussels on special, turtle bolognese, mahi mahi on special, beef tenderloin, stone ground grits, brussel sprouts, did I mention dessert??? We ate it ALL. Each dish kept getting better and better as they were coming out. We left stuffed and repeating to one another "OH MY GOD THAT WAS SO GOOD!!!" Easily the best meal we had in NOLA. I went with a small group on a Saturday night and received excellent service from the moment we walked through the door until the moment the hostess helped us order a cab to go back to the quarter. The server was kind, funny, helpful and knowledgeable about the items on the menu. The bar served up some of the best drinks in town (get the negroni or the french 75!) and we even went back a second night just for an after dinner drink! They couldn't have done anything better if they tried. New Orleans is a town that has amazing food on every block, and this meal was definitely the highlight of my 4-day trip! 
I'm still dreaming of the blue crab beignets !!!!!!Environment is pretty good
The food is not what I had expected...
I mean don't order the tortoiseWe enjoyed fabulous service and brunch in the wonderful space. EVERYTHING waz just right from the steamed milk for our coffee to the crispfried green tomatoes. My paneed chicken was perfectly cooked. Although we didn't sample any, the specialty drinks looked creative and the bar very fetching.Easily a 4.5. The Blue Crab beignets are worth the trip alone, they are amazing.  I went with the shrimp & grits which was very good and my client had a fish dish she'd had many times and loved to much to make a change. Nice wine list and delectable deserts. 
Go.  Now.what a great place - the shrimp and grits is amazing as are the desserts. Great attentive service and nice ambiance.I finally got to try La Petite Grocery a few years ago and I've gone frequently ever since! Lunch and dinner are both great options. The scallops, baked Mac and cheese and hand cut fries are great for starters. Their burger, pork cheek ravioli, ribeye and shrimp and grits are my favorite entrees. It's a beautiful restaurant and in a great location, close to all the action on Magazine St. Love this place!We had such an amazing dinner here! We didn't have a reservation, and it was Saturday night, so we had to wait about 30 min at the bar, but it was worth it! The staff was excellent and the food was elegant but not over the top. We highly recommend the fried green tomatoes! Soooo good!Great food, great service....the rabbit and the hamburger....(yes....i got the burger lol) was amazing as well as the service.The food was okay, it was created in a hurry and took some time for it to arrive. The bar staff was on point! The management was sloppy at best. Wanted more; expected more.Great spot for dinner or lunch and is not in the Irish channel as Yelp has it listed. It's located on Magazine St near the cross with Napoleon in the heart of uptown and only a few minutes from my house in case you wanted to know. The dining room is elegant but you can still be casual in this uptown gem that has a large New Orleans style menu. Great brunch location also and I love the hamburger and frites along with several other dishes.My GF and I really enjoyed brunch here. The blue crab beignets were light and delicious. We also shared the the beef tenderloin, which was succulent and tender. Both dishes were flavorful and unique. The ambiance was great, it used to be an old grocery store and the photos inside the restaurant pay homage to that. We took the trolley car here from the lower garden district and really enjoyed our Sunday morning/afternoon.
The service at the restaurant was ok as were the cocktails which is why I didn't give a 5 star review. Otherwise, I highly recommend having brunch here while in NOLA.What a joyful experience I had at La Petite Grocery. We had a group of six and they were very accommodating ( make reservations ). 
Starting out they serve warm beignet bread and soft butter..it's the little pleasures in life, soft butter and warm bread make me happy! The menu was one page which was nice because it didn't take long to marinate over and decide. I went with LPG Cheese burger, this wasn't your normal cheeseburger, it was cooked to perfection accompanied by house made pickles, onion marmalade, Gruyere cheese and an aioli on a toasted bun and hand cut fries...keep doing what you're doing La Petite Grocery, spot on with this burger!
Two in our group got the Blue crab beignets and those were unforgettable!
Loved everything about our lunch!Great brunch! Sat at the bar, which is always the best way to go. Had a delish hamburger. Really excellent. A few bloody marys, and left with a very happy tummy! 
Plan to dine there for dinner as I hear that is equally as good as brunchI came here last Thursday for lunch. I had 12:15 reservations but got there earlier than expected - about 11:30 and they were still able to seat us. We ordered a bunch of things - blue crab beignets (LOVED so much), fried oysters, gumbo soup and baked macaroni. After appetizers, it took forever for them to bring out entrees. I had the shrimp and grits and it was not bad but I was just so full from the apps that I couldn't enjoy my meal. My friend had their special which was fried flounder. My other friend had the shellfish stew and thought it was not bad. I think the highlight was really the crab beignets so that is something you MUST order there!!I read the reviews before dining at La Petite Grocery and should have paid more attention to the fact that nothing was special except the hamburger.  Three of us ordered the salad special, a small bowl with spring greens, fennel and smidgen of gran padano cheese and a sherry vinigrate dressing that was tasteless (needing salt and more) for $12.  The braised short rib appetizer was wonderful if getting 1oz. of meat for $14 appeals to you.
The pan sautéed flounder special was a tiny portion of overcooked and dry fish with a mixture of vegitables drenched in a sauce that was OK but not special.  I will say that my wife and friend ordered the shellfish bowl which was much better and more flavorful but not close to the BBQ shrimp bowl at Mr. Bs.
A lot of diners ordered the $16 hamburger as we saw many go by our table.  It certainly looked more filling and appealing than what we ate, and we would haved saved a ton of money.After much research chose LPG as our one meal out during a family visit.  Started with two Blackthorn Fizz and the Great Conflagration.  Both light and refreshing.  Crab beignets are lightly breaded creamy crab purses of gold.  The jar of pickled vegetables are the perfect compliment.  The pork cheek ravioli  is tasty.  Hard to believe actual pork cheek was used.  The meat was not tender and had little fat.  The meat texture was dry.  The meal at this point was a 3.  The  brunch menu entrees are not inventive.  The burgers at the neighboring tables were lost under the brioche bun so settled for the Gulf Shrimp Bahn Mi $16 and and &5 fries.  The fries were as expected.  The Bahn Mi is overpriced at best $16 and a complete joke at worst.  The restaurant should be embarrassed to serve this sandwich.  The Bahn Mi had four medium size shrimp drowning in spiceless/tasteless kimchi aioli.  There was a hint of pickled vegetables.  Maybe the chef has never had a Bahn Mi sandwich.  The least you could do is hide the minuscule amount of shrimp in a decent amount of veggies.  I've had far better sandwiches from a food truck.  Pathetic!
The service started out strong.  The server did not check-in following the delivery of the entree nor were water glasses attended to.  You could tell at 2pm the staff was tired.
Brunch 2 cocktails, 2 appetizers, two sides and an entree $90.  Service poor based on the price.  I don't expect value at higher end restaurants but I don't expect to be robbed blind.  Had the Bahn Mi sandwich been decent would have given LPG 3 stars.Excellent restaurant! Great service and food. Shrimp 'n  grits are absolutely wonderful and the crab beignets are to die for!  Nice little bar area in the front with a wonderful bartender - wish I could remember her name. Great place to meet friends for a nice meal and conversation.I'm so sad about this place. I've been looking forward to it and it just didn't live up to its expectations. Our server was obviously not interested in serving us. When asking the hostess for either another server or for him to lighten up, she looked at me like I was crazy. On a scale of 1 to 10 his attention to detail was a 3. It's just unfortunate, because it's not that hard to please a group of women. The food was over salted and did not live up to the reviews. Very disappointed.We had a fantastic meal here on our last night in NOLA. The room was so romantic, the service impeccable and food Devine. Only our salad was not up to par, but everything else was so good it is forgiven. I had a cobia special and my lady the scallops. So good and just a wonderful all around dining experience.Great food, wonderful service and a beautiful, relaxing atmosphere! My husband and I had a lovely dinner here for our anniversary. The food was very good and the service from Emma and the rest of the staff was impeccable! We were surprised and touched when our dessert came out with a candle and a "Happy Anniversary" wish. I don't know how they knew it was our anniversary because we hadn't said anything. I did mention it to a friend I saw at the bar when we first arrived so I can only assume that perhaps the bartender, our waitress or another employee overheard and passed it along. At any rate, it was incredibly thoughtful and the perfect end to a lovely evening.Spot on experience.  To start, the ambience was cozy yet elegant.  The night started off with The Puddle Jumper. A must for those who love Bourbon. Of course, my wife and I had the infamous blue crab beignets. These were as close to perfection as it gets. I went with the speckled trout and soubise for my entree and it tasted like it was caught that day. It ended with the butterscotch pudding and needless to say ended our experience with a bang. Also, our server Kenneth had great recommendations all night. Definitely will be returning next time in NOLA.We firstly intended to get to the upperline restaurant, a couple blocks away, but it was of course closed.. So we ended up there, by pure chance. 
The food was really awesome, from appetizers to dessert. 
For appetizers, we had the crab beignets, super tasty and really filling.
Then shrimp and grits and shellfish stew, also very good. 
For dessert, we had the buttermilk scotch pudding, awesome as well.
I also particularly appreciated  the cocktails sélection   (much more diverse than the classic mojito french 75 etc). And the barmaid put a lot of attention on it. 
To summarize, one of the best lunch we had in out 5-day trip to NOLA!Unbelievably good. Great place. Casual night out or special occasion - anything goes! food was outstanding - try the short rib appetizer and the beet salad - they are not to be missed. Extensive bar. Great menu - so many things still to try. Will be back for sure!Wow, amazing first time experience here. The atmosphere has a Parisian note. The tables a spaced appropriately so you're note dining on top of your neighbor. There is a nice selection of craft cocktails and wines by the glass to start your evening. 
We enjoyed their signature blue crab beignets or as my fiancé called them "a conduit for cheesy crab goodness" and the evening's salad special. We were treated to a complementary eggplant peanut baba ghanoush to finish the appetizer course. 
Next up rabbit for him, turtle Bolognese. The rabbit was tender and the spaetzle with it had a nice crispness to it without being friend or too firm. I was slightly concerned about the fried soft boiled egg accompanying my dish but it added a nice creaminess to the Bolognese. 
The portions were just right, not abundant, not scant. We left content and satisfied. 
Ask for Emma. She was helpful in her recommendations for both food and drink, was attentive without over visiting and was happy to hear our feedback on our dishes and experiences. 
We'd be back.Great ambiance, great service and fantastic food. Shrimp And grits were great as was the chocolate torte.I hadn't been in a couple of years and was pleased overall with the experience.
First, to get the negatives out of the way.  The hostess seemed to be bewildered at our arrival- there was some confusion with the reservation, and we had to wait about 10 minutes outside (bar was crowded-) not a big deal, as the weather was pleasant and we were a small group of 3 old friends chatting.  The entrees didn't arrive all at the same time which is a bit annoying for a restaurant of this stature.  With the desserts, they got confused with who had what.  The coffee was weak and the cream was skim milk, which is a pet peeve of mine.  It's called cream for a reason- skim milk doesn't cut it with coffee.  All in all, I feel the above is worth mentioning, but none of it eclipsed what was a really solid, flavorful meal.
Our waitress was friendly and efficient, neither overbearing nor absent.  
Cocktails-  The Old Fashioned was the cocktail special and they were very smooth- highly recommend
Appetizers:  
Gnocchi special- I thought it was just average and not worth $14.00
Fried green tomatoes with Burrata (Italian cheese made from mozzarella and cream,)  country ham, oregano- very good
Soup special- some sort of cream based oyster soup- average
Entrees:  
Two of us ordered the grilled beef tenderloin with potato gratin, spinach and roasted shallot demi-glace.  Ordered medium- very tender and flavorful.  The potato gratin was in the form of a square cake- flaky and very good.  I would order this again.
The other friend ordered the organic chicken with sautéed kale, savory bread pudding, truffled mushroom gravy- she loved it.  I didn't try the chicken, but we all really loved the savory bread pudding.
Desserts: 
I had the caramel bread pudding with 
roasted apples and caramel sauce- came a` la mode with a scoop of vanilla ice cream-  it was decent- good enough for me to devour but nothing spectacular.
The other two had the warm s'mores tart with 
housemade marshmallow and chocolate mousse- this, we all agreed, was top-notch and worthy of ordering again.
The restaurant is beautiful and comfortable, not stuffy.  I like the pressed tin ceilings and the photos paying homage to the old grocery that originally occupied this space. Clientele attire ranges from formal to nice casual.  The lighting is perfect and noise level is appropriate.  While not perfect, based on this evening's experience, I'd say they're doing an above-average job.I don't review often but I was HIGHLY disappointed. Overpriced wine (limited list), over salted food (both entrees rabbit and scallop special), and food took forever. When we come to NOLA every meal I look forward to a new experience, and for a James Beard associated establishment I would have expected soooo much more. Valuable stomach room taken up!This is the place to go for a romantic dinner with your loved one. Really enjoyed the blue crab in brie appitizer.  The food was most excellent. The wait staff was attentive and very knowledgable about all items on the menu. A+ in my bookJust the best. Soft southern atmosphere with beautiful details and perfect accents. Busy fun people- watching. The absolute nicest servers. And the menu! Try the riccotta dumplings and be transported. Everyone loves the blue crab beignets. The hamburger is a favorite. And last night the ice cream was home- made banana!Half of our food was great and the other half wasn't bad but misses the mark.
  The steak tartar was overly seasoned with salt.  In fact salt was all you could taste.  The cucumber salad had way to much vinegar, again you couldn't taste the many ingredient the cucumber.  The vinegar even over powered the fresh basil.  We also had a side of the baked macaroni.  Now i love very cheesy mac and cheese but this seemed like there was nothing but parmesean which was overwhelming to the point that i couldn't finish it.  My husband liked it but I feel parmesean is to strong to be a main cheese, to me it should be an accent cheese.  
Now for the good...the short rib is some of the best I have had!  It was tender and had a perfect crust.  The alligator bolognesse was delicious, the deep fried soft boiled egg was a suprise and a perfect complement to the dish.  We also had a spread of desserts that were all very delcious.
The real star of the night which is what added the 4th star was the service!  I have been in new orleans for almost 10 years and this was the best serving experience I have had since I have been down here which includes many fine dining experiences.  Unfortunately I did not get our servers name, she had dark hair and a tattooed sleeve on her left arm.  Who ever you are thank you for a lovely night!La Petite Grocery is a lovely little café restaurant I recommend the fried rabbit & absinthe cocktail. Unique & tasty.Holy Crap!!! Now this is some good eating.  Pricey -- but I guess worth it considering all the attention, especially in the national media.  Way to go Justin!!! But don't get too cocky!!!Our 1st visit there and it was amazing. It will be hard to not go weekly.  Can't say enough about the food. We had the LPG burger, Brussels sprouts, shrimp and grits, the pickle jar, deviled eggs topped with fried oyster and beignets stuffed with crab meat (which had to have come straight from heaven).  Drink of choice was a brandy milk punch and old fashions. We've eaten at many restaurants in Nola and LPG is as good as any!Classic New Orleans!  My family all went with the LPG burger and fries and it was fantastic. I had the chefs waffle special that day- gingerbread with cranberry sauce, pecans, whipped cream and probably some other stuff.  Sounds like a weird combo but it was amazing!  The service was attentive and friendly without being too intrusive. It's upscale and slightly pricey but unpretentious.After a 6 hour drive for a business lunch... We arrived at La Petite Grocery at about 11:25. As they open at 11:30, the door was locked. We waited outside for five minutes at which point I went to the door to knock because I needed to visit the ladies room!!! Everyone inside pretended they didn't notice me as they scurried about until finally, a man came and opened the door slightly to tell me hey would open momentarily... I explained I had just driven 6 hours and would like access to the ladies room. The three men I was with were not trying to gain entry.. Just me. The man refused and told me he would let me in in "less than 60 seconds". WOW.. What the hell is so crucial you won't let a patron in 60 seconds before you want to so that she could use the ladies room???? Needless to say, the party we were meeting that chose the restaraunt was very embarrased and said...." Well welcome to New Orleans". 
Although the food was great, I wouldn't go back. I am from Texas and the other party we were meeting are from Mississippi ... We don't believe in treating people that way! There are sooo many good places to go to there.. I would not recommend this place... Our waiter was pleasant and accommodating... To bad the manager doesn't know how to treat people
I think our lunch was about 40pp for food/ no drinksEasily the best new restaurant in New Orleans. We were smiling from the moment we walked in the door. The atmosphere was very inviting. The room felt surprisingly roomy with the high ceilings. 
The waitress whose name I forget was attentive and funny, and never short on the perfect suggestions. I let her pick the cocktail, appetizer, entree, and even the dessert. Each was better than the last. 
Hint: get the chicken, it is anything but boring. The butterscotch pudding sounds grandma but is actually pretty amazing. 
Whenever I feel like splurging, I will definitely come here.I feel completely ripped off by this place.  We went for New Year's Eve, and I was shocked at how under-whelming and, well, under-filling the fixed menu was.  I looked around the restaurant and thought, if I am still starving after this meal, little, 5 foot tall me, how are all these giant southern men feeling about the situation? For a place that is supposed to be one of the best in the region, it didn't hold a candle to our local neighborhood restaurants in Chicago, let alone the big names here.  We spent $300 and ate almost nothing.  2 pieces of raw scallops (the alternative was raw vegetables), a few ricotta dumplings, and 3 small pieces of venison.  That's what we get for $300? It was enough of a disappointment on New Years that we wished we'd stayed home (in Chicago) entirely.
Maybe we would have felt differently if we had the opportunity to try the normal menu.  At least then we'd be able to order something else when we ended up inevitably still hungry.  But honestly, what they offered us on a special night for an insane amount of money was flat out insulting.  It still makes me mad just to think about what a waste it was.
Seriously, I am never one to complain about 'fancy' restaurants giving 'small portions.'  I almost never eat everything on the plate, even if I love it.  Portions are never a priority.  But there really is no other word for this besides RIPOFF.Great place. The service was professional and polite. Hats off to whomever is in charge of training. Our point server was great and the team work from there kept the service smooth throughout. 
The food was great.... 6 out of 6 diners were very pleased. Shrimp and grits, pork loin, fish stew, flounder, turtle, octopus.... All very good.I came here with three of my girl friends and I must say that this was one my favorite restaurants on the trip.
The portion sizes were not large but the 4 of us were sharing plates so it didn't matter.  We all had the chance to experience the flavors of each dish.
Some of the favorites:
Blue crab beignets - absolutely delicious.  Crispy on the outside and creamy on the inside.  The flavor was amazing.  This was my absolute favorite dish of the night.
Mac n cheese - the best mac and cheese I have ever tasted.  Had a unique flavor
Pan Roasted Beef Tenderloin - anna potatoes, grilled rapini & bordelaise (the meat was super tender)
Gulf Shrimp & Grits-roasted shiitake mushrooms, smoked bacon & thyme (the grits were most noteworthy, had a lot of flavor and an ultra creamy texture)
Others dishes we had:
Sheep Cheese Pirog - pork cheek, shiitake & choucroute
Turtle Bolognese-bucatini, sherry, parsley & fried soft boiled egg (was not too impressed with this dish)
Dessert:
Butterscotch pudding - you MUST TRY!!  My mouth is still watering from the memory.
Cardamom-Mascarpone Cheesecake - was really good but not quite like the butterscotch pudding.
Overall, a wonderful experience.  I wish I could go back to try all the other dishes.  If you are going for portion size, this is not the place for you.  But if you are aiming for unique, flavorful dishes then this place is perfect.Went a few days ago for dinner. 2 appetizers. Beignet Crab. Good. Not mind blowing. Pork cheek ravioli. Extremely good. Mains: an extremely well cooked Cobia special which missed character in its presentation. An extremely blend and all in all lazy and flavor disappointing rabbit panade. Was in between 3 and 4 stars. Chose 4 for ambience. Beware: the dining room is loud.My group of 10 came for Sunday brunch and the service was fantastic from start to finish. I love it when I look at a menu and have a hard time deciding what to order. It means a repeat visit is a must :)
Since we had a wild night the night before, the cheeseburger sounded perfect especially with a sunny-side egg right on top. The burger was perfectly cooked and I loved the bread they chose to go along with it. The fries were perfectly seasoned.
Everyone at the table seemed to enjoy what they ordered. My sister ordered the Red Hammer (jazzed up bloody mary) which ended up looking more like a seafood appetizer with a side cocktail. She became full from the "drink" alone. It had pickled okra on top, crab and shrimp... Everyone's eyes got big and bloody mary fans wished they had ordered that when it came.
I definitely would return and try their regular menu. I love friendly service!We had lunch here recently and it was a memorable meal.
Interior is open and airy, with lots of natural light pouring in from Magazine st. windows. There is an abundance of table options as there are no walls inside, so there's plenty of spots to sit when the rush hour hits. 
Service was prompt and friendly. She grabbed our drink orders quickly and kept the pacing great throughout our meal. 
Food itself was fantastic. I had one of the specials which was a classic ruben, which sounds actually pretty boring, but can assure you it was very very good. Ingredients get a lot of care and attention here which makes the flavor of whatever you order pop. To top it off, everything bustling out of the kitchen looked plated with care which is always a nice touch at a place that isn't serving all white table cloth type food. 
Overall our experience was great. They've achieved a great mix between casual and fine dining, in a relaxed atmosphere that's very warm and welcoming. Will be back for their brunch we keep hearing ravings about.Beautiful restaurant, Tiffany lamps, gorgeous wood bar, excellent service. Try the delicious steak tartare with a little quail egg on top, mouth-watering blue crab beignets, sheep's milk cheese with unbelievably good pork cheek, scrumptious paneed rabbit and yummy burger. Top it off with a French martini.  You'll thank me later.  :)My wife had lunch here two days ago, and absolutely raved about the food and the service. Now that I'm done with meetings, we decided to go together for lunch.  Our server was a little surly.  We started with the savory beignets and the soup of the day, a creamy mushroom.  The soup was great; the beignets were surprisingly bland.  For our mains, my wife ordered rabbit and I, the pork chop. We were a little surprised when the rabbit came out and was breaded and fried, since the description gave no indication that was how it was prepared. My pork chop, on the other hand, was excellent - not the best I've ever had, but definitely among the top 10.I was riding solo for brunch on this particular Sunday.  I was dying to try their blue crab beignets. I must admit, I love this fried dough trend of this beautiful city.  There is a reason the chef earned a spot on Top Chef and that these are one of their top sellers.  They give you five super light and fluffy golf ball sized beignets.  The crab stuffing inside is so creamy it's almost a crabby béchamel sauce, except for the chunks of blue crab.  The chives and creamy cheese added a great rounded flavor and a perfect amount of saltiness.  And that little ramekin has a malt vinegar aoili.  The tanginess complementing the sweet fried crab flawlessly.
I certainly didn't need to keep eating too much.  I wanted to try a few more of their apps and entrées, but I was stuffed.  I simply went with grits and two fried eggs.  These were my favorite grits in New Orleans - stone ground with some butter and chives.  Yum.  The eggs were fresh and perfectly over medium.
Thank goodness for this reservation; I love love love the Garden District.  Get there during your trip - even if you spend all of your evenings on Bourbon Street.Everything we had was great! Loved loved the crab beignets, the spaghetti with shrimp was out of this world, tried the braised ribs DELICIOUS. The desserts by pastry chef Austin where to die for some of the best pastries I've had. The peanut butter brownie, the crepe brûlée, honey dew sorbet every single dessert we tried was to die for!!! The staff was friendly and welcoming. I would say if your in New Orleans you must must have dinner at La Petit Grocery.I wish i could give half stars because i would give this restaurant 3.5 stars.  The menu is very small, which coincides with the portions.  The food was fresh and the service was friendly, but nothing stood out about the place--from the decor to the food to the crowd.  I had a shrimp and grits entree, and there was simply nothing special about it, or any of the food i had.  In other cities, i might rate la Petite Grocery much higher, but in New Orleans, where there is so much good food on every corner, I found this restaurant to be nothing out of the ordinary.  it is a lovely space, and the neighborhood is wonderful, but if you're looking for a food experience, I'd look elsewhere.Loved it. Garden district Creole-style cottage that was a gourmet grocery store in the late 1800's. My dear friend from Jackson, MS knew of this place and got us a reservation. Don't miss the $4 pickle jar, best deal in the house and a delight of pickled carrots, cauliflower, and assorted veggies. One of the specials was oysters fried with a batter that I thought was just ok, but my friend felt was delicious. I prefer my oysters without any coating, though they were fresh and accompaniments were perfect. Soup was a celery root creamy delight. Entrees were braised lamb shank and paneed rabbit, both remarkable. Rabbit was battered and fried, ever so tender and delicious. Lamb shank fell off the bone with a fork. Dessert was milk chocolate ice cream puffs, good though not great. Service was attentive. Also we tried some wine.  Especially liked the Toro 2006 Rompesedas Spanish red. Worth a cab ride out of the French Quarter to escape the crowd and enjoy this carefully prepared New Orleans special food.Cozy space, excellent service, spectacular food!
Came here for dinner on Easter Sunday and had a flawless meal. We shared 4 appetizers and a dessert. The green garlic pasta with crawfish was wonderfully al dente. The fried fish collar was so flavorful and meaty, and so fun to pull rich pieces of fish meat off the bone to eat! The octopus was chewy and smoky. And the braised short rib was tender and juicy. 
For dessert, we shared the carrot cake, which shared the plate with a quenelle of mascarpone and one of carrot ginger sorbet. It was heavenly. 
Our server had perfect timing and a cheerful attitude, and the wine was well paired with our meal. If I find myself in New Orleans again, I'd absolutely return to this spot.We had an incredible brunch at La Petite Grocery over the holidays. Located in a charming part of Magazine Street, the restaurant offers a free gated parking lot which is really convenient. The bread basket was delicious and we shared the blue crab beignets to start which we're melt in your mouth. The BELA sandwich was great as well. Service was friendly and the restaurant had great ambiance.Fried green beans.  I've had them at other places, but La Petite definitely makes the best.  
Being Bastille Day weekend my goal was to eat as much French food as possible (like I don't do that normally, ha!).  Lilette was my first choice but I just went there not too long ago.  I realized I hadn't been here since Katrina.  Now was my chance!
Upsides:  They provide off-street parking, excellent service, and amazing food.
Downside: They sat us next to the bar which about 30 minutes into our meal (just when the entrées were being served) 30-35 people descended upon the bar raising the nose level to the point I couldn't have a conversation with the person I was there with.  Talk about annoying.  It did not make for a romantic setting.  There were several older couples who you could tell couldn't hear a thing their companion was saying.  I saw one gentleman having to yell in the ear of his waitress.  Get a clue!!!  The bartenders seemed extremely happy that "their" drink crowd had shown up.   Who knew that La Petite Grocery was on the bar hopping circuit for the rich and famous NOLA peeps!  This is why I gave it only 3 stars.
The food will bring me back, but next time it will be when the weather is good and I can dine outside so I can enjoy not only my food but who I'm with as well.Went for our anniversary dinner. Food was amazing and service was very good. Only reason for four stars instead of five is that it was pretty loud, which took away a bit from the ambience. Those in larger groups seem to fare a little better.
We started with the octopus, which has a smoky flavor and a texture similar to sausage - the pesto on the plate was fantastic - I'm glad we ordered it! The blue crab beignets were amazing!! Will definitely get them next time! The rabbit was fabulous!! The beef loin was also very nice - medium is more like medium rare at other restaurants, but the server can help you figure out the best way to have it cooked to your liking. Both the chocolate brownie daily special and the other chocolate dessert were very nice ways to end the meal! The brownie portion was definitely larger than the other, but no complaints on flavor! The French 75 cocktail was a nice way to start the meal, too! Will definitely be back another time!During my trip to NOLA - this was by far my favorite ! Loved the atmosphere - really nice decor and pleasant waitstaff. Being an avid top chef fan I was excited to see what chef Justin Devillier had on the menu. By far loved the blue crab beignets but the ricotta dumplings w lobster were also great. Though it's a little always from the French quarter - it's definitely worth a trip ! You won't be disappointed -I really enjoyed our dinner at this restaurant. The space was casual yet nice; the service was professional and attentive, and the food was very good. We shared the blue crab beignets and I had shrimp and grits for the main course. Shrimp and grits were delicious. They also have a good selection of beers including a Japanese beer I hadn't seen before (can't remember the name), but it was tasty.Creative and delicious food, attractive surroundings, and knowledgeable and attentive service. The crab beignets are amazing!We recently celebrated a birthday in New Orleans and we were treated with a great suprise. We were big fans of the show, All Star Academy. A woman from the NOLA area was competeing and won! Also we had heard about a local chef possibly receiving a James Beard award. Justin Devillier won! Both representing the same city and restaurant...bartender and owner/chef respectively.  WOW! what are the chances? We stopped in for lunch and had the pleasure of meeting Natasha, the winner of All Star Academy.  A truly charming and down-to-earth person.  We could not believe our luck. The lunch was excellent (burger, crab meat beignets, roasted chicken, shrimp and grits plus dessert). The drinks were made very well. Most importantly, the conversation with Natasha was memorable. Can hardly wait to return.Dined here with my girlfriend on a Sunday evening during a recent visit to New Orleans. The space had wonderful ambiance while also exuding a "neighborhood" restaurant feel due to its location on a relatively quiet section of Magazine Street - seemingly suitable for both a romantic date night or a more casual get together with friends. 
We (of course) ordered the blue crab beignets which very much lived up to the hype. Perhaps I'm biased because I love blue crab, but they were lightly fried and did not feel as heavy as one might anticipate. In addition, we shared the apple and celeriac salad, a nice change from the generally heavy food of New Orleans dining, and the LPG cheeseburger, which was one of the better burgers I've had in some time - cooked to order with a well-balanced combination of toppings. Also worth noting that our drinks, an LPG French 75 and a sazerac, were also very well made. 
The service was somewhat subpar for a restaurant with the accodales that La Petite Grocery has received. After we had already ordered, we noticed there were specials listed on a black board in the back of the restaurant, however our server did not inform us of these. The television at the bar, while turned off, seemed out of place for an otherwise beautiful dining space. Overall, would certainly recommend if in the area and would happily return.Visiting New Orleans for a conference my coworkers and I decided to make a visit after reading an article where La Petite Grocery was mentioned. 
We had a late night reservation. We ordered a red wine and had many starters. In my honest opinion, the starters blew me
Appetizers:
Crab beignets 
Apple salad
Macaroni 
Pickled jar
Dinner:
Shrimp and grits (one w bacon and one without)
Steak
Pork
Lamb shank
Dessert:
Honey ice cream with almond whipped cream
Lemon tart
Creme brûlée
Starters and desserts were on point. I thought the mains were just okay (hence my 4 star rating). Service was great- lovely team of staff!Honestly-- of everywhere that I've eaten in New Orleans, I think this is my favorite restaurant.  
Maybe I was just hungry, but the meal was so delectable.  A great place for an elegant candlelit dinner. It's quiet and comfortable, yet New Orleans chic at the same time.
If you haven't been here, give it a try.  I promise you won't regret it.Food was missing so much this day.  Fries over salted.  Lamb had no seasoning.  Scallops were decent but definitely light service size with only two (should at least have 3-4).  Shrimp and grits were decent but not worthy of a premier restaurant.  Scallops were the best out of the items.  Fresh black pepper on items would be welcome addition.  
I'm not one to send food back or complain.  This is one of the over rated restaurants in NOLA and I have been to many.  Can't recommend this place at all.  Service was decent but not stellar and it was just a lack luster experience.  My wife and I will never be back to this establishment as it pales to so many other NOLA establishments.  Save your money and go elsewhere.Food - incredible.  Blue crab beignets, braised short ribs, butter poached triple tail...yum
Service- awesome. Like sitting at a friends house.
Then there was dessert - oh my.
Definitely worth the trip. Thanks so much for a great evening.I've been back probably 10 times since my first review. One of my favorite places in the city for brunch or dinner. 5 stars for sure.Our NO native friends chose this restaurant for our post JazzFest meal this year . Great food , service and all around experience . Would highly reccomemend!Blue crab beignets. That is all I remember from eating here, but they have stuck with me ever since eating here.  The rest of the food was decent (we went for brunch), but ohhhh those beignets.  I have dreamt of them at least once a week for months now.
Seriously.  A bit expensive, but worth it.This place is really, really good.  I enjoyed it 1000 times more than Commander's Palace.  Their cocktails were well-balanced and their food was delicious.  
Scallop with pepita-pesto and scallion - Delicious
Shrimp and Grits - I did not want to order this because my husband and I do not like grits.  However, it was amazing.
Brussel Sprouts with bacon - best I've had in my life
Blue crab beignets - delicious
Extra bonus points for plating everything on two separate plates because my husband and I were sharing everything.We had a delightful meal and the wait staff were very accommodating (we went from a group of 8 down to 3!) and offered fantastic advice on both cocktails and menu items. We also felt the meal was very affordable priced for the quality of the meal. 
We love our cocktails (pictures will be posted) and the beignets were delightful, as you will see on many other posts; we given the recommendation of the burger and it was wonderful, as was the rabbit. If I were to offer any complaint it would be that the egg on the turtle bolognese was not soft boiled, but it was tasty and enjoyed by all. 
We would return for another meal on another visit to NOLA.Amazing dining experience.  Everyone was so professional, friendly and passionate.  Our server was very excited about many of the dishes.  We decided to order a lot of dishes based on her reviews.  We did not want to miss out on anything.  Ricotta dumplings with lobster were rich, yet light and pillowy - not to be missed.  The blue crab beignets were were crisp and delicious.  Our entrees were rabbit with spaetzle and gulf shrimp and grits.  Both were amazing.  We shall definitely return.  Wonderful wine selection as well.  Atmosphere was also very warm and inviting.The blue crab begniets and the shrimp and grits were two of the best things I ate while on vacation in NOLA! So fresh and delicious. The flavors were amazing!!!Consistently reliable for a fine meal. Food is creative, with a great presentation.  A go to spot for a nice meal.I expected more.  It's a beautiful place, the inside is so much bigger than I had imagined from the outside!  It really is a lovely setting for a date.  
To start off, I had a French 75 that was BAD.  It was supposedly with pear brandy, I didn't taste any pear and it way overpowered the champagne.  I love a French 75 and this was not good.
I got the gnocchi, which was pretty tasty although weirdly unsalted and no salt and pepper on the table.  My boyfriend's sweetbreads tasted like old oil.  
The menu online is definitely not up-to-date incidentally.  I ordered the rabbit, which sadly was like a big chicken finger.  It came with an uninspired side of sauteed spinach, the spaetzle being the only redeeming factor.  My boyfriend's hangar steak was fine.  I was really surprised by the limited entree offerings and not really impressed by anything but the ambiance.  I should give it another try before I write it off forever but I'm not dying to get back any time soon.After living in the neighborhood almost six years, we finally tried La Petite Grocery,
This is a white tablecloth place, casual dress, w/ small parking lot across Magazine Street.
Sampled several different dishes & sides; all were good.  Not exactly "Vrais-Francais", but good.  Great waiters. 
Only "yuppie beer", and it's not really cold.   Very overpriced, compared to area market.
This one will go onto our "once and a while" list; we'll be back, but not monthly.
So, "three stars" for now. . . . . . . .
Rickwe ate our way through New Orleans and this was one of my favorites. oh grits you delicious thing you. I've been dying for grits the second I got off the plane. New York will never do grits like the south does them.... NEVER! they were perfect here.. 
also tried the ricotta dumpling things and don't see what the big deal is. they weren't bad but they weren't omg. I much more enjoyed my grits. I also love the small portions and think that should be more common. people don't understand restaurants give you way too much food and you feel you need to finish it eat so much more..... :) just a little fact.LPG wins the prize for my best burger experience in NOLA. I went as a part of a group, so we met up and had some great laughs. I heard that the shrimp & grits were also amazing...I think all 7 people who ate them had nothing but rave reviews.
I was stilling thinking of the burger days after because it was so well seasoned and tasty.  I really liked that the waiter was so helpful and knowledgeable about the menu. That was a scrumptious burger and made to my specs.
I would definitely bring friends, although it is a bit far from the French Quarter. Caught a cab in, but took the Garden District Trolley back out to the French Quarter. Totally worth the trip.Petite Grocery was the locale for my birthday dinner this year and it was great selection.  The atmosphere is lovely; they've kept just enough details to remember the old grocery store (the tin ceiling, the flooring) along with some nice additions (the work station is a vintage looking sideboard).  Since my birthday is right after New Year's and was the middle of the week this year, the restaurant was pretty empty when we arrived, but the bar was full; evidently folks are taking advantage of the happy hour specials (drink and appetizer specials from 5:30-6:30).  Our cocktails were well made and we were given some brand choices. 
We both had salads for our first course; I had the celery root & apple and E had the Caesar; bother were well balanced & very fresh.  For entrees, E had the evening's special which was fish and I had 2 appetizers (although one would have been plenty).  E's fish (can't remember the details) came out Napoleon style which I thought was silly since you had to break it down to be able to eat it.  My appetizers were a special of pasta with lobster cream sauce and the crab & brie "gratin."  I should have paid attention to the quotation marks as the gratin (which I had very much been looking forward too) was not at all what I thought it would be.  It was tasty but a little dry.  The lobster special was better with a yummy pasta & sauce (that's what bread is for, right?) and the lobster was very sweet.  For dessert (since it was my birthday) we had chocolate pudding (my favorite!) and creme brulee.  Both were good.Blue Crab Beignets. Turtle Soup with Fried Soft-boiled Egg. Butterscotch Pudding. Repeat.
For my wife's and my first dinner in New Orleans I couldn't recommend this place better. The reviews were strong and it still loved up to expectations.
Also a great place to grab a drink before or after dinner. Enjoy.Food was absolutely outstanding!  We did arrive shortly before the afternoon closing but it would have been nice if the staff would have smiled. Service was good just not friendly.Is it possible to rave about La Petite Grocery too much?  I don't think so.
I went here for lunch when we were in town for my husband's conference a few weeks ago, and knew I *had* to take him and a few workmates back for lunch the next day.
The first day I was walking my puppy and by happenstance lucked upon this place, which I had already read about on yelp. It was a gorgeous day so we sat outside (me and the puppy), and I ordered a prosecco.  It was crisp and perfect for the day.  
The waiter (Adrian) was so nice to my puppy from the get go! He pet him, brought an extra roll out for him and a water bowl. I was beyond gleeful at the super attentive service - meaning not just for my puppy, but myself as well.  I ordered the roasted cauliflower soup, a beet salad, and the lobster beignets, which he brought out slowly in courses so I could enjoy myself.
The rolls were crunchy and nice. The soup was amazing, really! It was predominately pureed and creamy, with just a couple crunchy pieces of cauliflower, pancetta, and rosemary thrown in to add a nice surprise of flavor complexity to an otherwise monotone dish (though a good tone it was.)  Flavor islands in the sea of soup.
The beet salad was decidedly *not* one of the best I've ever had - and I love beets. The cheese that came atop it was good, but the beets had a strange dressing on them that made them less sweet and earthy than normal. The baby greens were tart, and while there were golden raisins there as well, for me, this dish just didn't deliver. I found the flavors combatant.
However, the lobster beignets that came next reached the triumph of my first course. They look like huge hush puppies and come out piping hot!  The lobster meat inside is sweet and juicy, while the exterior is as perfectly soft as it should be.  It comes with a lemony sauce that is a nice touch after a few beignets have been enjoyed in their purity.
When we went back the next day, I ordered the broccoli soup and the beignets again. The soup was not as exciting as my cauliflower one, but the beignets were excellent again. Almost everyone else ordered the 'fish and chips' which was a type of white fish. They all loved it, but of course this food is rich, and they thought, maybe not the best thing to eat right before a flight.  Oops!
The inside is gorgeous and I'd love to go back for dinner some time.Drinks were good, but every dish that I tried was pretty average.  I had heard great things and will give it another shot.  May have been an off night.Of all the award winning restaurants I visited in NOLA, this was my least favorite. First of all it was incredibly uncomfortable in both vibe and seating. The food runner was straight up rude and our waitress vacillated between warm and cold. We dined for late lunch and the restaurant was not very busy so no need for the attitude unless it's served daily just because. 
Food was good but not memorable and certainly not as good as some I've had. This is where I became confused - a restaurant so lauded for their output, yet lacking in every way. 
I'd say give Le Petit a pass if you are short on time in New Orleans and looking for culinary excellence.I went to La Petite a few month back with my girlfriend and her mom. None of us were disappointed with the quality of food and service here! The setup is great on the inside and I love the bar at this place. I have been just for drinks, because I like the bar atmosphere so much. 
I cannot remember exactly what everyone had but I do remember a tuna steak and some house-made pasta. Both were very delicious! Their in house cocktails were tasty as well. 
I just really liked how fresh everything tasted. I believe that try and use fruits and vegetables that are in season. And I think they try and get a lot of their food locally. 
Overall, we have a great experience at La Petite and would return for dinner again. Also, we have the best Irish Coffees ever! hands down! Great way to end a night.The food was amazing from start to finish. Lobster gnocchi was well portioned and the rabbit was prepared perfectly. My friend had the venison (prepared medium) and we both had several mimosas made fresh squeezed oranges. And one of the most pleasant experiences was our server Elizabeth, who made us feel welcomed and was kind enough to laugh at and participate in all our jokes. I'll have to come back for dinner, but I can definitely recommend this place for brunch.Heard of this restaurant the same way most probably have. 
I have to say it was one of the best meals I've had in a long time. The short rib app was amazing.  It will definitely be a New Orleans stop every time me and my wife visit. 
Definitely deserves the two James Beard awards hanging on the wall. Chef Justin has great attention to detail, finesse and a damn good palette.This is probably one of my favourite restaurants in New Orleans so far.  It just hit the perfect balance of delicious food at the right price, casual / classy ambience, and service the way you want it.
I went for dinner with my sister and we had the octopus with squid ink linguini and lobster beignets for appetizers, the roasted duck breast and pan-fried rabbit for entrees, and then shared the lemon tart for dessert.  Every one of these dishes hit the mark, with the two appetizers being the highlights.
The service we received was also excellent - warm, friendly and also helpful - our server gave us some quality tips about which dishes to choose and she had excellent judgment.
A local restaurant you just have to try.Hands down-my favorite new (to me)restaurant.  I am not certain how I have gone all of these years and never visited, but made the choice to stop in New Years Day with family and definitely a great selection. Upscale cuisine, yet very friendly and non pretentious. We greatly enjoyed our entire dining experience and will be back very soon!Believe everything you've heard about how great this place is. On our recent trip to NOLA we spent a fair amount of time noshing up and down Magazine Street but saved the date to make sure to lunch here.  We shared a sumptuous beef short rib appetizer; falling apart in all the right places but with a crispy outer crust to die for. The generous chunk of beef was served atop some freshly pickled carrot and cucumber reminiscent of the best homemade kimchee you've ever had, tangy but with a little heat and crunch.
I was eating light and got the apple celeriac salad with bleu cheese and pecans, and a side of charred broccoli in a vinagrette for my main. My girlfriend got the shrimp and grits, which she had been waiting for all week.  Upon seeing my face after tasting it, the couple at the next table also ordered it. Deeply buttery and creamy, loaded with large shrimp, it was easily the best I've ever had. We did not sample any desserts this trip, but were witness to some decadent creations coming out of the kitchen tang made it hard to say no. While many NOLA restaurants are over hyped, this is not. Take the street car down St. Charles to Napoleon and then take a couple blocks garden district stroll to complete the experience.One of New Orleans' treasures, to me la Petite Grocery represents the very highest expression of a New Orleanian cooking that seems old and new at the same time. 
I had the Paneed Rabbit over spaetzle, wilted greens, turnip purée & sauce grenobloise. I asked the waitress of my suspicion and was right: sugar in the breadcrumbs. Yummy yummy.Holy Shit This place is good! My girfriend and I came here for our new years dinner and we were not disapointed. This is a top noch establishment. The quality of the ingredients were impecable as far as I could tell. 
It was a four course (five if you count the canape, some dont some do. whatever) The canape was delicious, deviled egg filled with caviar! yum! Second I had the veal cheek pot sticker and she had the crab bisque with truffle shavings. whoa! The cheek was good but that bisque with truffle shavings stole the show! 
Our third course for me was the duck confit and for her the lobster salad with glazed pork belly (glazed with what you ask? Unknown deliciousness akin to sweet and sour pork but on steroids!). Every one let me tell you that this was the best duck confit I have ever had! hands down!
For the fourth, we both had the striped sea bass over parsnip puree and a butter sauce. It was good but it was my least favorite dish of the night. Mainly because it was a bit to buttery. 
The desert course was really great! The wine parings we had were just crazy good. hers was a chocolat cheese cake of some sort and I had an angel food type cake. ( i can't really remember what they were exactly becaues there were only two and we said "bring us one of each" but rest assured they were delicious. and also i was buzzing a little from the wine).
TRY THIS PLACE IF YOU ARE IN NOLA! 
Bon Appetit!Saturday lunch -- arrive at noon, first plate at ten til one, notably just bowls of soup for a table of four.  Bottle whose cork had popped at 12:15 long gone.
Blue crab beignets came a few mins later.  Tasty but not exceptional.
Sandwich special, fried grouper, etc -- $16 & sized like a macroslider. More noteworthy flavor-wise but merely competent.  Po-boy at Domilise's yesterday blew it away.
Nice French 75 after the bottle was tapped.  Use pair liquor rather than gin and the result is more harmonious.
Chairs uncomfortable.  Left at 2pmEvery dish was a hit! We went for a seafood theme and everything was amazing. I'm still dreaming of: smoked octopus, morels with ramps (both specials), pork ravioli, blue crab beignets, fried oysters, seafood stew, rhubarb cobbler.So here is the thing.  The food is excellent.  Service is excellent.  But for what you pay, you can get stuff just as good at most restaurant in the quarter.  I went just to see what it was about but dunno if I'd go back.  I'd rather go to Mothers for creole food.La Petite Grocery may be my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. The ambience is elegant and intimate, the staff is knowledgeable and helpful, they have one of the best wine lists in the city in terms of price/value, and the food is exquisite. They have a small menu, which is really nice because a massive menu can be pretty overwhelming. They always have a chalkboard with daily specials that never disappoint. I highly recommend the blue crab beignets and ALL of their desserts. They're phenomenal. Also the pickle jar is a nice, tart accompaniment to a meal.My husband and I don't get back to New Orleans as much as we'd like, and when we do we often try to branch out and go to new restaurants. That said, we somehow end up back at La Petite Grocery on most of our visits. The cocktails are great and the food is wonderful. The service is just ok--no one in NOLA is ever in too much of a hurry--but it doesn't matter in the end. The halibut special on our most recent trip was in my top 5 restaurant meals in recent memory. So nice to be blown away by something that seemed so basic. The lobster dumplings and savory bread pudding were also top drawer. We'll keep coming back!Came for early dinner at 530pm. 
Bonus: parking lot across street with key pad entry code upon confirmation of reservation! 
Because we had a heavy lunch prior, we did decided on "light" appetizers and dessert!
Awesome blue crab beignets! Had fois gras on biscuit with gravy - sooo rich, great pairing taste with the biscuit. Chocolate coffee tart with coconut cream is divine! Had cup of riesling - should have made it two!Had dinner here a few nights ago and enjoyed it all! Our server was awesome and knowlegable about the menu. We were the last reservation for the evening and we never felt rushed. The burger was off the charts incredible! The fried green tomato dish was also phenomenal.Too expensive for what you get.  I really don't understand what all the hype is about.  Nothing was without a cream gravy or smothered and covered in cheese (lactose intolerant!).  They were offended when I asked for my sandwich without cheese on it.  I'll take my anti-milk self elsewhere.After reading other reviews, I was excited to try this restaurant while in New Orleans.  Unfortunately, it did not live up to it's 4 star rating.  My friend ordered the hangar steak - it was so salty, she found it inedible.  My cheeseburger was fine - I expected a much better burger.  Our waiter was inattentive and lackluster.  I had ordered a side of fried green tomatoes which he didn't bring until we reminded him - the tomatoes were somewhat soggy so perhaps it had been sitting in the kitchen for a while.  All in all, a very disappointing dining experience.Y'all. Go here. Do it. I saw it on a Top 10 list of best restaurants in Louisiana. My husband and I were searching for somewhere to go for our anniversary so we made brunch reservations. 1st let me say I LOVE shrimp & grits. Like I should probably be a good critic for just shrimp & grits. I thought I had had the best. Until I came here. They were PHENOMENAL. Huge shrimp. Amazing, buttery, melt in your mouth grits. It comes with bacon and I'm not one to like a lot of bacon on stuff, so the waiter put it on the side for me. I was glad I did this and just put a little bit on. THEN! I snatched some hand-cut fries off my husbands plate and dipped them in my grits. I told the waiter that the shrimp & grits should come with a side of fries for this. Also since I'm such a Bloody Mary fan, I ordered the $16 Big Red Hammer. I was expecting this to be bigger in size, but was happy with the taste and all of the amazing toppings. Can't wait to come back here!One of the best meals I had in New Orleans...I am a picky eater really meat and potatoes...they made a perfect steak and beautiful potato cake then went out of the way to cook a side dish I would eat ...wonderful mealGreat warm and pleasant atmosphere. Excellent customer service. Our server Darren was very knowledgeable of the menu and was extremely pleasant to us. The food was top notch, very delicious. The food was cooked to order. We would highly recommend this restaurant for anyone that is looking for great food and exceptional customer service.Blue crab beignets!!!!  Yes please!!!  Sooooo good. I could eat a pound of these.  Excellent service and yummy food. What else do you need?In a town with tons and tons of good restaurants, La Petite has maintained it's position throughout the years. Went again recently and was not disappointed. High end, for sure, so don't recommend dinner here if you're on a budget but it's also not as oppressive as a place like August or Revolution. Take your date/significant other here for a special occasion and they'll be happy that you did.I ate at La Petite Grocery years ago, and it was pretty much a perfect, magical meal. Unfair, perhaps, but I've kept that meal in mind for years. My boyfriend made a surprise reservation there for us for our anniversary last week, and I was so excited to get to eat there again!
The best part of the night was the service. The courses were perfectly spaced, time-wise. Our glasses were frequently refilled. The server explained the dishes of the day, answered our questions, and volunteered extra information throughout the meal in just the right amount. He was neither too clingy nor too distant, something I really appreciate after years in the service industry.
We had the blue crab beignets to start. For the main course, I had the fish of the day and he had pan fried rabbit, plus a side of macaroni & cheese and a side of roasted peppers. We finished up with the peach upside down cake and a scoop of homemade ice cream. 
The portion sizes were a little on the small side, especially for my fish dish - $29 for about six bites of fish is a bit disappointing, even with a little broccoli rabe underneath. Everything was very rich, making the portions bearable, but at no point during the meal did I feel wowed. Overall, we had a wonderful time, and enjoyed our meal. However, given the price tag in conjunction with the good, but not spectacular, food choices, I can think of a few much more inviting options for our next dinner date.Would so go back!!!
Service: excellent
Scallops appetizer: excellent
Raviolo appetizer: eh
Chicken entree: excellent
Swordfish special: good, but small
Ice cream dessert: excellent. Tasted like a pumpkin spice latte 
Coconut cream dessert: good. Very light and airy. Very coconuty. 
Place gets busy around 7:30Great restaurant. Lots of interesting choices ... Grilled octopus with black spaghetti was delicious. I'd never heard of a savory bread pudding before but it made for a great side. Braised lamb shank was also solid. Convenient parking across the street also. On the down side, the Sazerac was way too sweet.Lovely venue with an interesting history. .. old market. Started with a jar of pickled veggies and a amazingly tasty celery root and apple salad. Unfortunately it went downhill fast...
the lamb shank was very tender but lacked flavour. The shrimp and grits were cold - shrimp were over cooked and the watery grits were truly awful. 
Service was strange ... dishes were not described properly. For example, the ice cream dessert was described as a cake with ice cream inside.  No way,
it was a bowl of ice cream with a few cake bits inside. Also, the wine pairings were wrong. Luckily I know better...I don't understand all of the great ratings for this establishment. The food is incredibly overpriced, for both the quality, and the experience. I arrived for lunch, and was seated promptly, and the server arrived soon after (one of many). I ordered the Cofresi's Inspiration cocktail (which was really really good), and some fresh bread/butter was brought to my table. That's where the good experience ended. I had several different servers throughout my service, so I couldn't tell who my real server was. I ordered the deep fried oysters, which were plated on top of some concoction of corn and salad... then I had the turtle Bolognese.. which was so completely salty, that I had to stop eating because I started coughing from the taste. No-one ever checked on me during my meal, nor did anyone ask me why I ate very little of my main course. Needless to say, I skipped dessert and coffee due to my disappointment. Not good value for money in my experience at least, poor service, blargh food. All the stars go for the cocktail, and the fresh bread.I went here the other night for my birthday it was great. Great decor inside I wish the portions were a little bigger. 
The appetizer dish- the short rib was very tasty. As for dinner I had the rabbit which was delicious but my boyfriend got the lamb chops and they were to die for!
As for dessert we had this peanut butter tart & creme brule and they were average. I will not order desserts again from here.My brothers and best friends came here for dinner on a Saturday night. The food and cocktails amazing!  We ordered at least one of every appetizer on the menu and I have only compliments for each one.  I loved the blue crab beignets, braised short ribs, and Goat Cheese Pirog. The lamb shank was s perfect all I had to do was look at the meat and it fell off the bone. Can't wait to come back.Our meal at La Petite Grocery was the highlight of our New Orleans trip! We made a reservation for a Friday evening on a Wednesday and we're able to get a 5:30 table. The service was just right. We started the meal with the ricotta dumplings, blue crab beignets, and the pickle jar---all were absolutely delicious. I was particularly fond of the dumplings as they truly melted in your mouth. Then, I had the shrimp and grits and my boyfriend had the beef tenderloin. Both were a treat to our taste buds and well balanced. As a finale, we enjoyed the butterscotch pudding. It was a delightful way to end our meal and our trip. As we left, I sent a text to my foodie parents and let them know we'd have to come back as a family soon! Can't wait.La Petite is a beautiful restaurant. The dining area is so lovely and well lit. We started with drinks and both chose "the enchanter." This drink was great! It doesn't say on the menu, but in addition to the star anise in the drink it also tastes pretty strongly of sage. To start we had the chilled roasted beets with lump crab, pickled red onion & horseradish emulsion. This was probably the best thing we ate on our entire trip. The horseradish was just barely present so it didn't overwhelm, the crab was so sweet and I just love beets in general. We also had the blue crab and baked brie which was great but didn't wow me quite as much as the beets. We split the cheeseburger for our entree. Fries were great, as were the aioli and housemade ketchup. The actual burger itself was a little on the dry side, but the thick house-made pickles and onion marmalade made up for it.Food, booze, service, ambience were all amazing. This is a place that I will frequent. We loved everything about it. We started with the fried green tomatoes and the octopus. For entrees we had the paneed rabbit and the duck special.  Dessert was cardamom cheesecake and mint ice cream. Both were amazing. The cookie crust on the cheesecake was one of the best things I've put in my mouth.BEST CUISINE EVER!   I went to college in New Orleans and recently came back for a visit and stopped in this little gem of a restaurant.  I am a Louisiana native and am very particular when it comes to my cuisine.  I also now live in Los Angeles where service is excellent and am normally turned off by the poor customer service in some places in New Orleans.  La Petit Grocery exceeded my expectations in both arenas.  
The food is EXCEPTIONAL.  EVERYTHING is made in house...down to the ketchup!  The blue crab beignets are to die for.  The shrimp and grits were the best I've ever had.  And if the bread and butter pudding is on the special dessert menu...shame on you if you don't order it!!!  
The service is excellent.  Everyone here is friendly and accommodating.  At most places in New Orleans you tend to get either end of the spectrum...horrible and sometimes rude service from lackluster servers - or - snooty uptight treatment.  At La Petit Grocery the vibe is relaxed and friendly yet exceptional and upscale at the same time.  
Also...the decor is just right.  Formal and completely comfortable at the same time. 
I recommend this restaurant for a romantic dinner for two, for business gatherings, and for family dinners.  It's just right.Love, love, love this little place. Stopped in for a quick bite, I wanted to order everything on the menu but decided on the short ribs fried green tomatoes and shrimp roll. Everything was cooked to perfection! Delicious!! 
Staff was great, great drink selections!! Perfect place for a romantic lunch. This is a must go on Magazine Street.I went here last night for dinner with my husband.  We can be really snobby when it comes to service because we work in fine dining resturaunts.  We were blown away by this place, though.  I am a new vegetarian and asked if the chef could make me an entree without meat.  I was expecting a roll of the eyes from our server but he was more than happy to have to chef make me something special.  Everything we got was amazinggg.  The ambiance was great too.  Big spacious room that wasn't too packed to be comfortable at 7:30 at night.  We will definatley be back.Beef tenderloin was excellent.  2 of us had turtle bolignese but flavor was overcome by an overwhelming spice and sherry such that one couldn't appreciate the turtle or pasta   Spice overwhelmed everything.  Could not finish. 
Meal mediocre at bestIt has been a few weeks since went here so please take that into account. We made a reservation later at nite, like maybe 10 pm. The service was still buzzing but not crazy, which was good. Overall the ambience was upscale but comfortable and the waitress attentive. She intuitively figured out that we wanted to share everything and divvied up most of our dishes for us. The food was transcendent, even by NO standards! Pickles were great. The blue crab beignets were unbelievable. Even the basic bread was superlative. Steak tartare appetizer was awesome. I liked my shrimp and grits-- again, this somewhat staple menu item was transformed into something special by the ingredients and flavor. I think the menu has changed a little since we were there but suffice it to say I would definitely come back.This restaurant was recommended by a colleague when he learned I would be in NOLA.
We had a 8:15 reservation but arrived early (this was Halloween weekend).  We had planned to just have a drink while we waited but they offered to seat us right away. Service was spot on.  Great wine list we enjoyed a red blend that I was familiar with.  Blue crab beignet's were very good.  Bread basket was very nice and quickly refilled upon our asking.  I had the shrimp and grits which I enjoyed. My dinner companions had some fish stew and one had the lamb shank.  They thought the fish stew was "fishy" and the lamb shank was pronounced good but not mind blowing.
What was mind blowing was the chocolate crunch cake dessert.  I'd go back for that alone.I had the B.E.L.T and it was really good. Was it worth the price?  No. 
I also had the The Hammer (Bloody Mary) it boasted shrimp and crab and I have others at the same price point that were overflowing with shrimp and this one had two shrimp. 
Overall it would be a 5 star if the price was 30% less.Fantastic.  The Pork Loin was the highlight of the evening.I picked this restaurant after watching Padma's pick for the latest season of Top Chef.  I really liked what Chef Justin made during the shows so we made dinner reservations for our trip.  We didn't get to meet the Chef (he'd left for the day) but we really enjoyed our meal.  Service was very friendly, too.  I ordered the crab beignets and grilled octopus with squid ink pasta.  Sooo good!  My husband had the shrimp and grits (delicious) and his brother ordered the Hanger Steak and declared it the best steak he'd ever had.  I ended my meal with a scoop of fig ice cream and it was unique and creamy, not too sweet. Yum!  I hope Chef Justin does well on Top Chef!  On yeah, the restaurant provides off street parking which is nice!Nothing special!
We were very excited & hungry but ended up still hungry & disappointed.
Over priced average appetizer sized meals. They are extremely strict on their reservations & where you sit. They took quite awhile to bring bread, refill drinks & bring out entrees. the staff although very cleanly & concerned about their white tablecloths were rude & unfriendly.I'm writing this review in lieu of filing a claim for false imprisonment. I've  been to La Petite Grocery twice. The first time I found the food to be mediocre and the service inattentive. My second visit was worse than the first. The service was extremely slow and the food was cold when we finally got it. It's a shame such a nice looking place is managed so poorly.Ah some of the best food I have had in New Orleans thus far. We had 6 people in our party. Two people had the burger, one had the rabbit, one had the shrimp and grits and myself and our other guest had the lamb. Needless to say all the plates we licked clean!
Also, try the blue crab beignets they were pretty tasty. 
Emily our waitress was fantastic!This was a lovely restaurant to find, that was jam-packed busy! A little on the pricey side, this french-style restaurant offers delicious rich foods that could exist no-where else but in New Orleans.
Delicious food, expert bar staff, really a treat! Reservations are suggested, but we managed to stake out a place at the bar.I only had one cocktail and the crab beignets. Both were fantastic!  The pricing was high on all menu items I glanced at.It was Date Night!  Yay Cousin Reina!  
So having had memorable Gnocchi at LPG years ago we thought we would splurge there again.
The service was absolutely terrific!  Our server was always around when we needed him, prompt, and never intrusive.  The bar crowd at 7 on a Friday was really noisy and that detracted from my enjoyment but I can imagine others liking the lively atmosphere.
The food was mostly fabulous. My sweetie had the Apple and Celeriac Salad with Bleu Cheese  and the Grilled Beef Tenderloin with roasted shallot demi-glace.  The salad was light and had a nice bleu cheese twang.  The steak was perfectly done and the demi-glace was delicious.
I stuck with small plates and I have to say the Chicken Leg Confit was the best chicken leg of my life.  The Potato Gnocchi was buttery and bacon-y and I had to have a roll to clean that plate.   The Fried Sheep Cheese over Pork Cheek Ragout  was fine.  The cheese was bland but the ragout was very tasty.  I did not care for the Steak Tartare but having had it now maybe three times I think I just have to admit that I don't like it.  The rolls were crusty, hot, and really great!
The major negative was the LPG house cocktails we tried.
LPG'S French -Pear Brandy, Champagne, sugar and a lemon twist sounds like it wouldn't just taste like dry champagne right?  But it does.
The Avenue - Passion Fruit, Bulleit Bourbon, Calvados, Luxardo and Orange Flower Water, shaken and served up  - this was vile and mediciney.  I think I'd rather have a Nyquil.  Bleck.
The Cosmo was pretty good.
All in all it was a great date but I wouldn't try any more of their signature cocktails if I went back.I found La Petite Grocery on a list of the top 10 restaurants in New Orleans for 2015 from the Times-Picayune. The critic is absolutely right. The restaurant is elegant and delightful from stem to stern. If you drive your own car, you will be given an access code to the parking lot across from the restaurant on Magazine where you park for free. The friendly security guard outside their door crossed the street to open the gate for us. The decor is vintage New Orleanian with fleur de lis in relief on the walls of the front dining area and entryway lit by an overhead gas lamp. We started our meal with a kir Royale perfectly mixed with a twist of lemon. We shared the divine crab beignets for an appetizer, light as a feather and tender with a crisp exterior and creamy, crabmeat/cheese interior. I was quite surprised that it was accompanied by a malt vinegar aioli, thinking it would make a rich, creamy bite greasy or heavier, but this sauce was the perfect accompaniment. The slight acidity of the aioli brightened the bite of the beignet, sending it from good to outstanding. Order them. You won't be sorry. My husband had paneed rabbit on spaetzle with sauteed spinach and grenobloise sauce, a lightly breaded tenderloin which was tender and full of flavor on the German dumplings which were sauteed in brown butter to the point of crispiness. I ordered the roasted chicken, an airline chicken breast expertly executed with browned skin and moist meat, on braised vegetables which included fingerling potatoes, baby turnips, and spring onions and delicious demi glace. We ordered a side of the baked macaroni and cheese because, who turns down macaroni and cheese? It was rich with cheese sprinkled with golden breadcrumbs. If we weren't visitors staying in a hotel, I would have taken it home and eaten it daily until it was gone. At the advice of our superb waitress, we ordered dessert which, exactly as she reported, was small enough in size to finish but large enough to enjoy the full flavor. My spouse had creme brulee accompanied by the best snickerdoodles we have ever eaten, while I enjoyed a small scoop of strawberry sorbet atop a not-too-sweet almond financier with a drizzle of chocolate sauce. Had to be stopped by my husband from picking up the plate with both hands and licking it clean. Many, many thanks to the chef and staff of La Petite Grocery for giving us a memorable meal and lovely evening. We will definitely be back.This was the first place my fiancé and I tried while in New Orleans and we absolutely loved it! The history and ambiance of the building is amazing. The blue crab beignets are to die for, the shrimp and grits were fantastic and the drinks (specifically momotaro) are superb. This is hands down one of the best restaurants in NOLA and a must go to!While this place was quite the hike from the French Quarter--my friend and I are here carless for Mardi Gras--we made the trek to the warehouse district for this true gem.
This is quite precious cooking an intimate setting (ask for a table in the rear dining room or on the window since the bar has a stupid television) and you'll be wowed by the excellent plating and smooth unintrusive service.
My date and I shared everything we ordered and everything was expertly prepared.  Total bonus the kitchen split everything for us in advance...love when they take the time to do that.  It means a lot.  
 I have a little bit of a hard time when it comes to really nicely done food since my man is a well trained chef and turns out excellent food for me at every clip, but i'll hand it to LPG...they did a good job.  So we had the following:
Tagliatelli with gulf shrimp, edamame and black eye peas--nice light cream sauce with italy style al dente pasta.  The crunch of the pasta was exactly what I like to feel when I eat pasta!  
Crab beignets were heavenly pillows of succulent blue crab and tasty batter over a remoulade that was a hint spicy from what seemed to be whole grain mustard.  
All natural chicken--now i NEVER order chicken in a restaurant but my dining companion is not terribly adventurous so i stayed with something safe, and the chickie didn't disappoint.  It was quite tender, perfectly crisp skin and a wonderfully vibrant green bed of kale.  The savoury bread pudding rounded out the dish after being drizzled in a beautifully reduced petite mushroom  ju.  
The dessert recommended by our waiter is the house made S'mores.  The marshmallows were slightly toasted and had a bit of a caramelized/burned texture with a crispy chocolate wafer.  2 scoops of ice cream rounded out a nice finish.  One notable aspect of the dessert that I was quite pleased to find in a southern city of sickeningly sweet dessert...ahem...Cafe du Monde...that the S'mores was not excessively sweet.  
Great job guys!  I'd tell anyone to come here and avoid the overpriced over done cuisine in the French Quarter!The crab beignets alone give place 5 stars.   Service was also amazing as got two great recommendations for places to go after for drinks and loved one I went to.  Place is very cute and liked had wine by half bottle. My shrimp and grits were good.  Paneed rabbit kind of ruined rabbit as think better ways to serve rabbit.I have been a couple of times and their food is absolutely exquisite. Never, ever, ever had a better steak tartare, ever... and if they remove the caviar from it it wouldn't change my feelings... and I have tried steak tartare around 2 continents.
And the pasta was perfect, same was the shellfish stew. Their handling of seafood, crab and delicate items is impeccable, without doubt.. A mishap with the bread (stale), when they are serving the great bread of Crescent City is unforgivable, but well, nobody is perfect, not even those pretty waitresses with their demeaning attitude.... that is what bothers me immensely of certain fine dining places, where the servers swear that they see god every day inside their walls... that is why I don't give the 5th star.After five night in New Orleans, our final meal was dinner here. It was by far our favorite upscale restaurant we visited! The server was knowledgeable, efficient, and friendly and the food was fabulous!
We shared the gulf seafood platter where the pickled shrimp was the star. Then we had crab beneigts which were decadent! I finished with the ricotta dumplings with lobster which were delicate, buttery and divine, while my husband had the seafood stew which he raved about. The cheesecake dessert was good, but not as good as the rest of the meal. 
As I said, this was our favorite meal in Nola and I definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a high quality, upscale dining experience.In a city known for its amazing cuisine, this restaurant was a big disappointment. The food was bland and very average....I am bummed we wasted a meal here during our short weekend in NOLA especially because there are so many amazing restaurants to enjoy. Oh well."Petite" is a perfect name for this place and should be taken literally when ordering. In fact, you might want to eat out before coming here to curb your appetite so you don't leave hungry and broke at the same time.  Needless to say, the serving sizes on there plates are very small, especially considering the price which ranks more expensive than any restaurant in the area.  
We started with the Crab Beignets and they were damn good. We ate em right up and felt naughty doing it. hehe  
My wife had the Turtle Pasta dish which was delicious. The pasta was cooked perfectly and the turtle looked and tasted exactly like ground beef (not sure if that's a good thing or not).  I ordered the leg of lamb which was 30 bucks for a leg of lamb which took me 6 bites to finish. I was left with a bone of lamb on my plate with a spoon of soupy polenta under it. Yes, I was let down by the lamb which surprised me because the waitress really pushed it on us. I think she gets a free drink after work if she sells enough lamb.  lol
I like to fine dine, but if I am going to be charged these prices (no bottles of wine under 50 bucks) then I expect much more of a "Wow factor."   I also expect much better service, which was not delivered at all. 
I am glad I tried Petite Grocery, but I will not return here. There is just too many better restaurants in this city for the price or less.  
Justin Devillier will not win Top Chef.This was our second visit in a year. 
The service was polite, discreet, and personable.
We sampled a variety of small plates, including crawfish ravioli, short ribs,  and    
several salads. All were excellent.
We tried several of the wines by the glass. All were very good and the prices were 
reasonable.
The next time we are in Nawlins, we will go back!
RogLiterally took the rental car from the airport straight here. I have been three times, once for dinner and twice for brunch. Everything is superb. Let me begin with the Big Red Hammer. This is a bloody mary on steroids. It comes in a mason jar, with a fork. Because it is a MEAL. The crab beignets are heavenly. Usually by the end of these two things I have no room for my excellent entree and I get it to go. BUT, the butterscotch pudding is TO DIE FOR and should not be missed.Blue crab beignets were  simply perfect.  We had the eggs benedict, grits and roasted asparagus  and a root beer float to end the perfect meal.  This is my new favorite NOLA restaurant.Loved La Petite Grocery. Perfect for a special night out...low lighting creates a romantic, intimate space for a date night, but they also have larger tables that are great for groups. It just felt like a special place to be and was packed even on a Sunday night. 
We had a late lunch so we didn't go all out on the food. We had...
-Crab Beignets: delicious but very rich
-Steak Tartare: not your standard steak tartare, but my husband and I thoroughly enjoyed every last bite
-Shrimp special: these shrimp were huge and delicious
-Bittersweet Chocolate Torte: fantastic, we wanted more
We would definitely love to return here the next time we're in New Orleans, just an all-around lovely spot.Highlight of trip to New Orleans (where we also ate at Coops Place, R'Evolution, August, and and Bayona)
Cremant rose for pre-dinner drink, great bartender.
Braised pork cheeks marzano and mascarpone polenta (appetizer fork tender), cheese plate (good fresh cheese, nice diversity), duck breast with sweet potato (excellent, crispy skin, juicy medium rare duck!), LPG burger, Bibb salad, Brussel sprouts with pancetta as a side. Homemade butterscotch ice cream with cream and ginger snap cookies.
Servers were outstanding Andrea (server), Nick (helped with wine selection), and Kristin (bartender). 
Can't wait to return to New OrleansVery pleasant staff.  Lovely ambiance.   Had the blue crab beignets and short rib appetizers.  Yummy!   Must have the Brussels sprouts.  The pork chop and duck leg were a little too salty for my taste but otherwise excellent.  We'll be back.We had the best meal of our entire trip at La Petite Grocery. The elegant decor, great service, outstanding menu, beautiful location, and quality of the food all combined to create a perfect dining experience. The grouper was flaky and tender. The hanger steak was grilled to perfection. The baked blue crab brie was incredible. And the cocktails were off the hook! We were a party of 11 that included a couple of kids, older professionals, and some serious foodies, and everyone loved their meals. The fact that they could please such a large and varied group of people was a testament to the excellence of this restaurant. Highly, highly recommend.Was way too pricey for the food.  Got a waffle which was hard as a rock and way too sweet.  The french fries are good but why spend $10 on fries?Went for Sunday brunch. Had a gingerbread waffle with  egg nog ice cream and a Steen syrup drizzle with pecans. It was heaven.Great tasting beignet!!!!! Gulf shrimp is delicious!!! The chef Justin was gracious enough to take a picture with our first grade teachers pet around the world.. I liked the ambiance and service...... Waitress was great....I can't express how amazing our experience here was, it was so good that we returned the next evening for dinner again.  We requested the same server for our second evening, if you are lucky enough to enjoy a meal here ask for Adrienne he is amazing.  A foodie who's passion about your happiness and experience while with him is immeasurable.  My husband had the grouper special and I enjoyed the quinoa dish .....we tried the fried green beans and roasted peppers for our sides.  The food is so fresh and flavorful, textures are perfect, and clearly cooked with passion and talent.
Our 2 trips to this restaurant and meeting Adrienne made our vacation complete.  Thank you for the delicious food and your charming hospitality, we hope to return quickly next time we are in town.Would be one star except that the cocktails and service were excellent. The food ranged from fine to awful/inconsistent: some of our beignets were cold, some pleasantly warm. Turtle bolognese was pretty good, but the grouper special was wretched. Such a disappointment, as we'd been looking forward to this place for a few weeks. I'll give it another go since so many people around us seemed to enjoy their meals, but for now I'd tell people to go to Crepe Nanou or Martinique if they want fine dining like this in Uptown.Every dish should have a different flavor, instead they mostly blended together.  The food was that of a secondary chef, not the person that demands the protocol of Chef on Saturday night.  The special $38 flounder was so overly salted my guests tongue hut the next day. The crab appetizer was all cheese without a hint of texture nor crab. Fried green tomatoes had no taste. Brussel sprouts good.  Shrimp and grits bland. Alligator bollenese too spicy to taste but pasta good
  At the beginning of the dinner the waiter put an appetizer on our   Table which we thought the The chef was sending to our table. Just as we are reaching for it the waiter came back and said it was meant for someone else. So unprofessional I would've left it table
Prices were way to high for the food you receiveArrived with group with reservations and were promptly seated.  Didn't see empty tables anywhere.  Service wonderful.
Right away the cocktails ordered were a delight.  Plateau from there?  Nope!  Selected what might be, at label's face value, an ordinary dish (forgot title-the chicken entree).  Others in our party ordered a variety so opinions ought to vary.
Wow was the food good!  We were continuously delighted - almost wondered if it possible but it was - and the dessert topped off the eve brilliantly.
What was most telling was the eagerness to share amongst ourselves samples of the dishes!
Take-away:  none of selections disappointed - which means you can indulge possibilities with low risk.  Most likely high reward.
Will visit here again!very satisfying food; tasty and thoughtfuly, locally curated ingredients. relaxing unassuming ambiance.  well-priced French-leaning wine list.  need a place like this in nyc.Cute. Sat outside on the sidewalk which didn't  have the greatest scenery...but some of the best shrimp and grits I have ever had! Our waiter was "just okay" compared to other wait staff in Nola but we weren't that needy so....Incredible crab beignets, salads, wine selection, and decor. Can get noisy and busy on weekends; we ate outside to avoid this.We had a fabulous meal here. I would rate everything about our experience as excellent. It was some of the best service I've ever experienced in a restaurant. We had some problems with our reservation (problems that we created - not the restaurant) and it was amazing how accommodating and friendly the host staff was. 
The food was delicious. Everything we ordered was perfect. The cheeseburger was truly the best burger I have ever tasted in my life. The blue crab beignets also stood out. I had a dinner special of pampano fish with cauliflower and fingerling potatoes. Everything was cooked to perfection, and was seasoned very well.
The dining room got a little too loud when it was full, but the atmosphere was casually elegant. 
Highly recommend this restaurant. I can't wait to return to NOLA to eat here again.I have to say what a fabulous meal and service. My second time at La Petite grocery and absolutely amazing. It is a must if you come to New Orleans. Will was a very attentive and knowledgable. Great service! I will definitely be back!My boyfriend and I traveled 10 hours from Savannah GA to New Orleans and decided to dine here for our last night in town. I really can't express how good the food was because we never received it. We arrived at 9pm per our reservations and were immediately seated. After ordering the braised short rib appetizer (which was very good) we sat and waited until 10:17pm before getting up to leave. Our waitress who was very nice reported to us twice that our food was being plated. After seeing many patrons complete their meals and leave, the manager decided to bring us an order of beets, citing that she felt that our order was taking a little longer than expected. Not once did she apologize or offer a valid explanation. When we decided to leave after more than half the restaurant had eaten and left, we made sure to offer to pay for the appetizer and lemonade that we drank. Instead of comping what we ate like a truly apologetic manager would, she instead gave us the bill. As an establishment we felt that this was very tasteless and lacked good customer service. As the only African Americans in the restaurant it was very uncomfortable to see that we were the only ones not served or granted adequate customer service.  I'm unsure if the aforementioned reviews are accurate, unfortunately I won't  know because I will NEVER return.Just an exceptional meal all around.  From the service to the ambiance to the food to the drinks, everything perfect.  I was seated immediately at about 630.  Reservations are probably better, but I think you'll be fine, especially if dining during the week or don't mind the bar.  I had the blood oath cocktail and a sazerac, as well as the blue crab beignet and turtle bolognese for food.  The blood oath was similar to a blood and sand, but with a slight New Orleans flare, made with the sazerac rye instead of your typical whiskey.  Very interesting and definitely strong and worth a try.  The sazerac had a nice smell of absinthe and was certainly worth it at only $9 for a choice cocktail.  The food was exceptional.  It all began with complimentary baguette, thick and crispy.  Then, the blue crab beignets,a notorious dish at La Petite.  Coming in 5s, these were wet and thick and perfectly accompanied with the tartar sauce.  Must orer through and through.  The bolognese was super interesting as the turtle had no discerning taste that you would think is different than a typical meat sauce.  Fresh, harder than usual pasta and with a fried poached egg on top (never heard of this but please do it more) made this dish for a great photo and fantastically tasting.  No dessert this time around, but certainly full and content with the order.  La Petite Grocery is as good as it gets in NOLA.omg, blue crab beignets.  in a town rife with delicious food, the blue crab beignets at la petite grocery were my favorite things that i ate during our 5 day vacation.  surprisingly light, they were crispy on the outside & just packed with sweet, delicious crab.  i think they're going to haunt me.
oh, i guess i should talk about the rest of the experience.  
the room had a nice airy, unpretentious vibe & the helped maintain that by not overcrowding the tables.
there were 4 of us, drinks were had (not by me) & they were deemed v. good.  we over ordered like the bosses we are (to the point that, when she came to clear, our server told us she was impressed that we'd finished it all) & everything was pretty freaking delicious;  not fussy, well thought out, well prepared.  
oh, & about that server:  fucking delightful.  seriously.  although, i have to say, service in new orleans was generally excellent.Amazing. Blue crab beignets are a must have. Seasonal menu items were excellent. This restaurant definitely deserves its James Beard award.Ehhhh, good but underwhelmed with overly-priced *fine* food.
I've been hearing about this place for years and finally decided to try it out. I called a few days before and they were booked up, so I just came early and sat at the bar, which was available and had quick service. The bar experience was ever so slightly tarnished by the bartender talking smack about other servers, but, she was super attendant to us. The cocktails were great! ...but 12-ish bucks, which I find a bit high on Magazine. We had the special salad, which was...fine. I had the shrimp and grits, which was....good, but not in the way I expected. The shrimp were obviously fresh and delicious and very well cooked, and the broth they pour over it was good, but it didn't taste like the creamy shrimp-n-grits I wanted/expected. I couldn't taste any cheese in the grits. Granted, this is minor - I mean, there are and can be different interpretations of shrimp and grits, but it just wasn't my fave for $24. In general, my impressions were that it's overpriced for what what you get - small portions - and average service. I guess it just really didn't live up to the hype. I took a mac and cheese to go and was sorely sad to discover that the small to-go box it came it had only the tiniest portion of mac and cheese at the bottom....it barely covered the bottom of the box. This disappointment kind of symbolized the overall experience. 
New Orleans has a million delicious restaurants. I won't try this one again.LPG is my favorite restaurant in the city and has been for a few years now.  I can't believe I haven't written a review here yet!  Julia and Kristen at the bar are fantastic and have my sparkling water and champagne cocktail ready for me when I sit down without even asking.  The food here is the real deal.  If there's a soul special, GET IT.  You will not be disappointed.  Blue crag beignets are a staple, but any octopus appetizer you get will also be amazing.  Same with whatever pasta dish app they have.  Fish is always on point, I rarely eat chicken but that dish rocks, too.  You really can't go wrong with anything you get.  Leave room for dessert, the pastry chef kills it.  Brunch is great here, too, especially before a Saints game!  They have a tv at the bar that they'll turn on for you if you want to watch a game, just FYI.About a few days before my trip to New Orleans, I started binge watching episodes of Top Chef season 11 to learn more about New Orleans cuisine. There were a whole bunch of restaurants mentioned on the show like Commander's Palace, Bayona, and so on, but I decided to make dinner reservations here. Chef Justin won me over with his grasp of Vietnamese cuisine and his desert making skillz.
I first tried making a reservation online, but there was no availability until after I was out of town. So I called and they were able to seat me at 10p. Score!
We arrived and were seated immediately. We started off with a bottle of sparking water, a beer for my boyfriend, and a cocktail for me. I chose the cocktail with star anise and forget what it was called but it was amazing! The portion was kind of disappointing since it filled up like half of the cocktail cup. Not sure what happened or if it's meant to be such a small portion like that.
To start, we ordered the blue crab beignets and the short rib. Both were amazing.
For our main course, we shared the turtle bolognese. Good dish, interesting flavors done really well but I might not get it again now that I've tried it. So many more things to try. :)
For desert, we ordered the cheesecake with cardamon and mascarpone and satsumas. Amazing.
Best part of the meal was meeting and talking to the chef and getting to learn about  the flavors and cuisines that influences and inspires him. He definitely knows his craft and is super talented too. At one point of the meal, he ended up surprising us with a truffle pasta dish that I think he made on the spot. Turned out to be the best pasta I've ever had and should definitely be on the menu for everyone else to enjoy.
Thanks for the amazing meal, Justin and LPG team :)The blue crab beignets with malt vinegar aioli are seriously the most delicious breakfast item I've ever eaten. Please do not miss the opportunity to try these.  Honestly, one of the best meals in New Orleans and there are so many unbelievably good options.  All I can say is run don't walk.  You must try this dish!Always amazing! We got the asparagus with goat cheese and lemon butter and it literally melted In my mouth. I got the steak tartare for my entrée and it was pretty good but a little too rich. That's my favorite food so I'm a steak tartare snob.  The cocktails were also great as always. They really put a lot of detail into their signature cocktails so you must try when you go!Ate here last night. Beautiful place, nice lighting pretty bar. We were seated immediately for our 8:45 reservation. The dinning room was pretty full when we arrived. Our server came to the table immediately and introduced himself, poured water and gave us our menus. When he returned we ordered our wine, the app, a dozen oysters and our entrees.  We sat and chatted drinking our wine about 15 min in I asked what the holdup was with the oysters surely the kitchen can shuck a doz in 15 min, my 9 year old nephew can do that!  We were told that the kitchen was a little backed up as they shuck the oysters to order not in advance of the order. 15 min later, the oysters showed up.   The save is that they were amazing!  The mignonette sauce that they serve is great and made me forget how pissed off I was  at having to wait a half hour for a dozen oysters in NOLA. 
i had the wedge salad which was good and the hangar steak which was very tasty. My husband had the courtbouillon which was fantastic, although a bit too spicy for me. We also ordered fries. These were amazing!!  Tasty, perfectly fried, real potato, not frozen. 
All in all it was a great meal. Just don't order the oysters unless you are patient.A meal to remember. Stumbled upon this place when shopping on Magazine Street with my husband. We snagged two seats at the bar and had a few cocktails and some appetizers. The crab beignets!!! The cauliflower salad! The pickles! Simply perfect. Great service at the bar, we will be back!I mean.... Lemme just start with Crab Beignets - holy shit. Done and done. Followed by Turtle Bolognese - party in my mouth. Def be back here soon. Also - our wait staff was hilarious & well informed.La Petite Grocery is one of the best fine dining experiences in NOLA, and it's nicely located on beautiful Magazine Street. The food is locally grown and freshly prepared, and every option on the menu was enticing. The aesthetic is upscale, romantic and perfect for conversation, and the menu is New American creole.
Everything here looked delicious, but I wisely chose the hamburger and fries. It was perfectly cooked to my specifications, which include a fresh bun and a charbroiled taste. It was simple, not too large and juicy. The fries were thin cut and lightly salted like I like them. I loved my bourbon and grapefruit cocktail, though the portion was a bit small.
Why not four stars? Our server was "nice enough" but not memorable or engaging. He was attentive, delivered what we requested within a reasonable time, and provided quality food to us. But for a fine dining establishment like La Petite, I expect a bit more engagement, smiles, and hospitality. That was lacking, and all of us at our table agreed. He was just not fun or memorable, and that could have made everything about our experience a 5 star one.
Hats off to the restaurant, and I definitely recommend a visit if you're in NOLA.My wife and I had lunch there yesterday. We shared the blue crab beignets. I had the paneed rabbit, and my wife had shrimp and grits. Not bad, but there are many better choices near by.My husband's son and daughter in law gave him money for Father's day and birthday & informed him that he must use it only to go to  le petite grocery.  We had reservation at other restaurant but decided to cancel to go to  le petite. It was a great move. Le petite grocery was excellent.  I cannot say nothing bad. First of all our waitress Erin was wonderful . So friendly and smiling face.  I asked her opinion about entree & boy was she spot on.  We order the crab beignets with the malt aioli sauce.  It was delicious. We didn't like the soup of the day because we don't like  beets so didn't order it so we decided as our second  course to get roasted broccoli from the  side menu . It was yummy.I personally was in between the alligator  Bolognese or Shrimp and grits but no alligator they had turtle but Erin recommend the yellowfin tuna.  It was excellent. My husband got the roasted chicken he loved it.  We shared the hand cut fries. They were amazing.  We normally take home food not this time.  We order the carrot cake it was delicious.  Only thing I would have  liked is it to be larger.  :) 
Overall it was delicious.  I will be going back soon . Hopefully Erin is availableMeals were excellent but the place is loud if you are in the front room where the bar is. A bit stodgy too. Service was not what I expected, was never offered wine for my meal after ordering a cocktail. Food was sort of thrown down by the waiter.What can I say about LPG? I don't even know where to start.
Cozy dining room and warm bar with the nicest bartenders who remember you.
Some of the best food in New Orleans and believe you me I've explored a bit ;-)
This is not straight-up Southern cuisine - it has a definite upscale twist. 
Not to be missed: the small pasta dishes like the fettucine with gulf shrimp, the fish of the day, the seafood stew, the grilled octopus, the fried oysters, and the HOMEMADE ice cream. The famous blue crab beignets, while total death food, are also delicious. 
Pro tip: they have a parking lot across the street. Call ahead to get the gate code or you'll be street parkin' it (not always hard on upper Magazine but still).Really nothing special here. The blue crab beignets are the only thing I would want again. There rabbit was breaded and tasted like chicken fingers from anywhere and there beef tenderloin was fine but the sides were just covered in salt hiding any other flavor. So many other places to return to and try, it will be hard to convince me to come back here.This restaurant is a gem. On a vacation in the French quarter, we decided to venture out to a different neighborhood and try something new. Really great meal, beautiful interior and fun vibe without being noisy. Try the ricotta dumpling appetizer. Very light and amazing. Sommelier was friendly and very knowledgeable. All of the staff were friendly and outgoing. I highly recommend this restaurant.Best meal we had in New Orleans.  We got the blue crab beignets as an app.  I got the rabbit, my wife got the tenderloin, and we got the burger as a side.Just returned from NOLA during Jazz Fest weekend and I must say t hat I was giddy with anticipation to eat at La Petite Grocery. I research and research and research restaurants to no end when I travel because I want to have an awesome culinary experience in whatever city I travel to because I am a true believer that the food is a big part of the culture, so have the best food to experience some of the best culture. 
After a TOTAL bust at Mohany's for po-boys at lunch, I was really looking forward to a great dinner at La Petite and we were not disappointed. 
First of all, I had originally made a reservation for 3 but our hosts' plans changed and they were able to come after all. So, Friday afternoon, even though it was Jazz Fest weekend, they were fully booked and we had just added a baby, they worked some magic and gave us a table that not only worked for our bigger party, but was very comfortable. 
Our waitress was awesome...very courteous, great personality, very knowledgeable of the food and wine and was not shy to give us her honest opinion about the food when we asked for her recommendations. 
So, gnocchi and blue crab beignets for our apps. The gnocchi was AWESOME. Excellent flavors, deliciously done. I would LOVE too see what it would taste like if the gnocchi had been pan seared a little to give it some crispness, but they were amazing nonetheless. 
And the blue-crab beignets? Oh. My. DELICIOUS. The beignets were STUFFED with nothing but deliciously cooked blue crab meat and nothing else. Not a lot of sauce or vegetable filler, all crab meat and the remoulade was perfection. 
My daughter had the handmade tagliatelle app for her dinner and it was delicious. The ribbons of pasta were fresh and delicious with a light sauce with fresh shrimp, black eyed peas and edemame. Very good and so light and delicious. The only down was they only gave 4 ribbons of pasta. I know its an app, but there was a ton of peas and beans and a good amount of shrimp, almost like the pasta was not the highlight but more of an accompaniment? 
My friend and I both had the shrimp and grits and they do it RIGHT. It was delicious and flavorful, excellent stock to highlight the grits and the shrimp were perfectly cooked. 
My girlfriend had the fillet and stated that it was the best steak she had ever eaten in her life. My friend tried a bite and it was so delicious, she ordered one to go for her husband to have. When he had some later, he texted, "That is one fine piece of meat!" 
Dessert was good, but nothing spectacular, we even had the s'mores tart and it was good, but just good. 
Overall, an amazing experience. Lovely food, incredible staff and we will most definitely be back.Everything is excellent. Bloody Mary's. Blue crab beignets, sunday brunch dish- fried chic, waffle and egg can't be beat.Buddy and I went on a voyage to the Ye Olde College Inn after the Saints game, but found out they were closed on Sunday upon arrival. Ran to Commander's Palace, and like dummies didn't know we were under dress in our jerseys. So the kind valet dude recommends another spot which of course was overbooked, and from there the hostess pointed us to LPG. Thank you, Baby Jesus!
No wait at the bar? Score. 
Other Saints fans rocking jerseys enjoying delicious food and drink? Who Dat.
Blue Crab Beignets are doughy little nuggets of cream and the most succulent crab meat. Had to try the roasted chicken in hamhock juice for my entree, which had a mild vinegar flavor to dip that insanely juicy piece of chicken with a little bit of skin. I will make this a must stop from here on out when running around on Magazine Street.Went here spontaneously for one of many birthday celebrations...well you know we New Orleanians don't celebrate our birthdays at only 1 venue...I was not disappointed.
Had the delicious beignets and great sea bass. Beautful ambiance and it's now on my "must do" again list. Great place for a quiet dinner.My fiancé and I went to dinner here and this is our new favorite spot in New Orleans.The food is amazing and our server helped guide us through the whole experience. This is a must if you are a foodie, food blogger, or someone who wants there mind blown.We had a delightful bunch. I had a Pisco sour, frothy and tangy served in a champagne saucer. We followed up with the blue crab beignets that were hot and cheesy and salty and tasty. The salad was flecked with nuts and creamy blue cheese, crisp radish and tossed with a bright vinaigrette. The paneed rabbit featured a variety of delightful textures though the syrup was a bit overpowering. The pistachios and honey lavender ice cream were an excellent accompaniment for the waffle which was perfectly crisp and golden.Very nice decor and great service. Went for Sunday brunch. The grits with pork cheek was very good, though not much grits in it. The chicken, biscuits, and gravy was alright, but maybe I expected more gravy. My guest got the burger and it was a very good burger and the garlic fries were great too.We loved it! Fresh, inventive entree creations! My husband and I stumbled across this restaurant walking on Magazine St. after church. We came in for their brunch menu. We started with the fried gulf oysters that were amazing! My husband had the shrimp and grits and I had a chilled white bean and raddichio salad with a side of Mac and Cheese. And we finished with the creme brûlée. We are definitely coming back for dinner.I just had brunch here after numerous marvelous dinners in the past-no surprise, the fine folks at La Petite Grocery waited until they could knock brunch out of the park before giving it a go.
I know I am prone to rave about dishes with beets, but trust me: the chilled, roasted beets with arugula, toasted pecans and multi crema was delicate, bracing, and redolent of the garden.
I am not a shrimp and grits guy, but I am now, especially with the added shitake and thyme LPG tosses in (I asked for no bacon-a tablemate got with and loved it).
I finished with a rootbeer float-my first ever, and it was worth the 48 year wait.
Service can be a little harried here, but the atmosphere is casually elegant and festive.
The hand made tagliatelle with gulf shrimp, edamame and field peas on the dinner menu is one of my favorite appetizers in New Orleans.Favorite restaurant on our trip. Blue Crab Beignets were incredible!  Also had scallops, beet salad & grits, which were all great.We had heard about this place from a friend, and made it a point to go on our last trip to New Orleans. What a fabulous decision. This was one of the best meals I've ever had. I enjoyed the shrimp and grits, though my only critique was, it was very lacking in salt. I'm sure that was just an oversight on a busy night, though, so I take away no stars. The atmosphere is charming, and the service was good, with a friendly staff. To get an idea of how good their fried oysters are - I don't even like oysters, and I ate half my cousins' order! So light and non-greasy for a fried food, with no fishy taste whatsoever. The grilled broccoli appetizer was also good. I loved this place, and as I write this review from my home computer, I am already bemoaning all that good Nawlins food we had to leave behind! Check out La Petite Grocery - and if you are able, go early, and you can also browse all the lovely shops along Magazine Street, or have a cocktail at a neighborhood bar after you dine.