Some of the best food I've ever had. Great service. We all had different items off the menu and everything was delicious. 
The crab cakes, redfish, sea bass did not disappoint. 
I would come back here again. Prices fit the quality of the food.I have some mixed feels about the place. First of all a word of warning, its not a cheap place to eat as I have found many Thai places to be and its not so traditional Thai either. The food has a great NOLA almost Creole influence on the menu and that was good. I has the redfish stuffed with seafood and it was terrific, but it was like $35.00 and the drinks, well, call me cheap but $14 cocktails in a Thai place is top of the mark for me. The service was very good and the place was packed, I strongly suggest you call ahead or make reservations (we did and got seated right away). I was a good dining experience but very NOLA/Thai-is that a new food sub-culture?I love, or usually love, their food. However, the last two times it didn't seem up to par. One of my favorite, usually very flavorful, meals was unremarkable. The shu-mai had little flavor and the duck in the duck delight wasn't that amazing combination of crispy on the outside, juicy and tender on the inside, like I've had in the past. The time before that I got the Masaman curry . The sweet potatoes lacked both flavor and a good texture. The curry wasn't as strong as in the past.
However, the things that I do not generally like in this place were the same: the dining room was loud, it was cold, and the staff seemed overworked. 
On the upside, the company was good, we didn't wait too long for our food, the bathrooms were clean, and I didn't have to see the bill!Probably the worst pad Thai I've ever had. Dry, mealy, bland, and oddly red. reminiscent of ketchup over microwaved noodles. No mung bean sprouts or zip at all. So disappointed, as I'd been excited to find a Thai place I hadn't tried yet in my neighborhood. Might give it another shot and try a curry some other time, but for now I actually have a stomach ache from how truly bad my takeout was. Boo.I've eaten at La Thai at least 4 times in the past 6 months. Each time was a very memorable experience, so I'm left scratching my head at so many bad reviews. And as you can tell from my other reviews, the small details do not escape me. The only thing I can think of is people must just be assuming that all thai restaurants should always be authentic. Well, that's like expecting all artists to paint like Norman Rockwell. If you want authentic thai, it's a good idea to call ahead of time and ask what type of thai they serve. 
Of the 4 times I have eaten there, 3 of those times the chef came out and personally greeted us and made sure we were happy. She also unexpectedly sent out free concoctions she made up just for the hell of it. And each time these little food gifts were AMAZING. So good in fact I had wished there was an entree just like them. And no, this is far from being authentic thai, but it never claims to be either. The food is incredible....period.
The service was fantastic. In fact, the last time we went I remember making a comment about how seriously the beverage guy was taking his job. If he saw one inch of iced tea gone, he was at our table refilling faster than lightening. 
So by now you're probably wondering why I'm not giving them 5 stars if they're so great. Well, aside from the high prices, the real reason is because when you order a Mai Tai at this place..................(you're not going to believe this!)............there's no little umbrella in your drink! What the hell is a Mai Tai if you don't get the little umbrella in your drink? If I order a Mai Tai I expect a little umbrella in my drink.....otherwise it's just Hawaiian Punch with some rum thrown in it. So for now, we bring our own umbrellas, which just isn't the same. It's like having to bake your own birthday cake. It's just sad.I eat here often and I really like this place.  My favorite thing is the hot & sour soup and it always puts me in a good mood to eat that awesome stuff.  They usually have a $5 appetizer special on Tuesday nights that brings in a fun crowd.  They have some very tasty options on the menu and some unique "cajun Thai" fusion dishes that work well.  The owners and staff have always been very helpful and want you to enjoy your food.How lucky am I that I had a work conference in New Orleans!.  This is one the two spots that I came back to visit (once I find a good place I stick with it).  Initially I planned a small dinner with 6 co-workers, then word got out and it ballooned to 18.
I was hear 2 years ago and apparently they recently remodeled (I thought it looked good before) but they were so accommodating to our large group, and even reserving a nearby table in case we had any stragglers that would come late.  Diane was so nice and came up and introduced herself when we first came in and periodically checked on us.  The group loved the food -- so glad I was able to share this little gem with them.With both our meals borderline mediocre, I'm not thoroughly impressed by La Thai's take on Thai-American dishes. Their  vegetarian glass noodles were bland and lacked sustenance.  We opted to not finish our meals and instead treat ourselves to ice-cream next door.La Thai is a postmodern ethnic restaurant that takes a little more care with the ambiance (contemporary American bistro meets mild Asian tones) and infusing a bit more bonhomie' to the often terse atmosphere of many spots where English is not a first language. The chef-owners Diana & Merlin Chauvin are warm and welcoming, and the staff look more like it belongs in a slick operation like Houston's than a local Thai joint.
                  As is often the case with the aforementioned contemporary American bistros, the starters often outshine the main courses; for example, the Summer rolls may take my 2nd place award (after Cafe Minh's) for my faves in town, and the crispy calamari is  a perfectly fried treat.
                  Among the entrees, seafood really shines as the Chauvins take advantage of their bountiful terroir in such standouts as crab three ways, which fulfills your USDA monthly crab requirement, delivering both crab cakes and soft shell crab, topped with (you guessed it), lump crab meat. The sea scallops are always delicious, fresh, sweet, and perfectly seared.
                   La Thai (like just about everybody these days) makes a big deal of their cocktails, but most of them seem hackneyed and overwrought. Desserts are fine, but if mango is in season, the only dessert I want at a Thai restaurant is mango with sticky rice...and I'll pass up ice cream at Creole Creamery down the street if I can get it.i am quiet a fan of thai food.. and the portions as well.. 
the food taste was about average.. not a big fan of the pad thai..Went there for lunch and just wanted some bubble Thai tea and spring rolls. It definitely had that old mop bucket water smell that restaurants get. The waitress gave me a little attitude that bubble tea is Vietnamese so of course they didn't have it. But after that it changed...tea and rolls were good and the waitress warmed up.Best Thai in nola!  Delicious, affordable, elegance.  This is where we bring all of our out of town guests.  It is seriously one of my favorite resturaunts in town!  Very nice area & you are almost garunteed to be personally greeted by the chef while you are there, which we find rare these days and impressive!Sigh. You know how I said that last time "medium" was the perfect heat for the green curry? Well, tonight "medium" was sooooo not spicy. So now I have to be super particular and say, "I'd like the green curry to be spicy. I want my nose to run, but I don't want my mouth to burn." You think that'll work?
That being said I cannot wait to come back for dinner because I discovered the seafood green curry. Not only does it have shrimp, but they throw in a soft-shell crab and crawfish. Not sure how the oilspill will affect the menu but for now this is a bountiful display of crustaceans. I can't wait to try it when they perfect my level of heat. 
In other news, my stepmom thought the joint was noisy. But, I warned her that it was the night of Tulane's graduation, and that some of the parents had been drinking since 9am.This review is about BUGS!
I had an hour to kill so went to La Thai for lunch.  I generally like this place and we have been loyal customers of their family's restaurants for years (man I miss Bangkok Cuisine underneath Rock 'N' Bowl).
I ordered the Tom Kar Gai.  I always thought it was Tom Kha Gai and was corrected "Kar" by the blond hostess/waitress (more on her later...)  The soup was pretty good.
Instead of the Duck Delight (not as good as Bangkok Cuisine's of my memory but still good) I decided to try something new and get the Seafood Glass Noodle Salad.  I saw that it has cilantro in it (worst thing ever) so I asked if it could be made without.  The waitress said yes.  When it arrived it didn't have visible cilantro but it tasted like the entire sauce was made with cilantro.  It is a good thing that I just hate cilantro and am not allergic....
Now to the really bad part.  I noticed while I was eating the soup that there were a ton of BUGS around me and my table.  At first I thought they were mosquitos but I think they were some sort of fruit fly or gnat.  I'm not talking about one flying BUG, but more like 20 to 30.  They really liked me.  On my ears, nose face and food.
An Asian lady (not my waitress maybe an owner?) sees me swatting and asks if I've dropped something.  I told her no, that I have FLYING BUGS all over me and my food.  She says nothing.
A few minutes later when eating the Glass Noodle Salad, I swat at another BUG and accidentally knock my entire ice water into my lap, right in front of my waitress.  Waitress, comes over and I explain that I was trying to swat the BUGS away.  She says she'll bring napkins....
As I'm finishing, I make mention of the BUGS again and show her the one that has just landed on my food.   I say I guess I'll take this to go.  She swats another BUG away from me and takes my food to the back.
As she brings me my check and to-go, I mention the BUGS again, just to see if I get a response.  She says very flippantly, and I quote "We've been trying to get rid of those for months."
I am now freezing cold because I have ice water all over my lap and I have some to-go BUG salad and a swarm around me like Pig Pen.
No apology or offering of anything to compensate a terrible meal and experience.
UNACCEPTABLEI love this place! Everything is good and the owner and waiters are all amazing! It's great for big groups. They are very accommodating. If you get the drunken noodle try substituting with glass noddles.Panang Curry with Chicken was great. Spicy Basil Fried Rice with Chicken was not spicy in the least, which takes the fun out of it. Hot and Sour Soup - why does H&S soup taste like bbq in New Orleans? Stuffed Chicken Wings tasted like they were cooked way earlier in the day. 4 stars because they're usually awesome.The last time I went to La Thai it was on Metairie Road and probably over 5 years ago. I went there last weekend to their uptown location and I was SO impressed - it was such a great vibe and had awesome atmosphere. The food was fantastic! We got several dishes and all were delicious!I visited this restaurant with a co-worker for lunch. The red curry dish was out of sight. Depth of flavor. Spicy but not intolerable. Simply delicious.
A few months later when a relative was in town I decided to take her to La Thai. She is a reluctant Thai food convert but the jumbo shrimp and oysters in a such a succulent sauce forever changed her. Needless to say we were both enjoyed the food. 
Curry dishes are fantastic. Ask your server to adjust the heat according to preference. Lunch menu deals cannot be beat. I will be back.I liked the atmosphere a lot. The martinis were wonderful. I loved loved the glass noodles. I will definitely return! Great drinks, good food...I'm there!Had to use my Groupon before it expired so I visited La Thai with some friends last week.
Definitely not traditional Thai, but knew that going in (thanks to y'all's reviews).
We ordered the mussels to start the meal off and for the main dishes, I asked our server for recommendations. I was very specific and asked for La Thai's specialties, and I was surprised that the first thing she said was Paht Thai. My friend M wanted to try it so we ordered the Paht Thai, a half order of Merlin's Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes, and a half order of Panang Curry with chicken.
We waited for a while, and our main dishes came out. No sight of the mussels. I had to ask our server for them. She did ask if I still wanted them, but I don't remember if there was an apology. I know things like this happen, but honestly they weren't busy enough for this kind of mistakes.
The crab cakes were delicious, probably the best thing we had that night. The curry was alright, and I wasn't a fan of the Paht Thai. I've had much better versions. It tasted like there was too much tomato--almost as if the noodle dish was prepared with ketchup. The mussels were very good and the fries that came with them deliciously crispy.
When the time came for us to get the bill, we received the wrong bill, with 4-5 extra items that we did not order. This was corrected when pointed out, but again, really? And no one being like, "we're really sorry about that."
I feel like the prices at this spot are high enough for there to be good customer service, so I was more than a little disappointed with the service. Probably won't be returning anytime soon.Food is good, but what is that smell when you walk in the front door? Smells like a combo of B.O. and toxic cleaning supplies...Nice ambiance and good food presentation for dinner date.   Green curry was delicious and I would order it again - good level of heat too.  Pad Thai was quite large but way way too much tamarind (or something vinegary, maybe fish sauce?) for my liking.  I always try Pad Thai when going to a Thai restaurant for the first time and I have to say this was one of my least favorites ever.Never been here before, had to use my Groupon, etc. Not too exciting, but we were happy with it.
We had Paht Thai, Chicken Stirfry, and crispy spring rolls. 
Took our order quickly, Waiter chatted with us and took me up on my challenge of extra spicy and brought out a couple of extra sauces with the spring rolls. Set me on fire. For days.
Paht Thai was good, huge portion. Not sure if they gave me someone else's order, but mine had all chicken and no shrimp. I was fine with it, it was as if they could read my mind and knew which way I would prefer it, anyway. 
Girlfriend liked her stirfry, which was chicken in garlic sauce. Not spicy enough for me. 
Great service for me on refilling my water, but my girlfriend had to ask for more tea. 
For a Friday night, we were in and out in an hour.First off, the sea bass was excellent, as was the green curry sauce. 
Parking is a real problem. There are a number of restaurants in that area, including Creole Creamery, with no dedicated parking. 
Not sure I'll go back as the staff needs to grow up a little. When I told the waiter my menu was missing pages, he jumped in to show me that I had just overlooked them, before conceding it was the menu with missing pages. Why are they circulating a menu with the entrees missing?
Later, a waitress swooped in and grabbed a quarter glass of wine without asking. When I called it to her attention, she told me it was empty. 
Lastly, for the topper, when I was paying , I used a Groupon. The waitress returned our bill and thanked us for coming. When I asked to get my phone back, another waitress showed up, snarking that she had my phone and it was in good hands. 
I run a consulting business. I don't need to be treated like a drooling derelict, particularly at these prices. If the staff has some esteem issues -- not my problem.Excellent, excellent, excellent everything from summer rolls, Tom yum soup to our entree Chilean sea bass!!!La Thai was recommended by a colleague while I was on a business trip. I was staying in the French Quarter so I decided to take the St Charles Trolley after work for the New Orleans experience - upon walking in, the restaurant was modern and decorated nicely. 
Service: I sat at the bar and waited a little bit to be greeted. I was the only one at the bar so I was a bit confused as to why service was so slow. The male bartender was standoffish and was not very personable. As a former bartender for 3+ years, I was disappointed in the service here (which is solely the only reason I'm giving this place a 3 vs a 4). 
Food: the crab three ways entree was absolutely delicious! The bowl has 1) a crab cake 2) fried soft shelled crab 3) jumbo lump crab meet on top with a sweet chili sauce drizzled on top and veggies surrounding the bowlWe love love love La Thai!  Their food is awesome and the remodel looks terrific.  The staff couldn't be nicer.  1 million stars!!!Everything was delicious. As always! Can't go wrong with the fried calamari. And that sauce! And the sea bass is perfect. The flavors are just right. It's light and delicious. LOVE! I will be back again soon!Had La Thai last night for the third time over several years, and it was probably the first time that I truly relished my meal.  I ordered the red curry with shrimp and was really pleased.
I live in the neighborhood so I have really wanted to like La Thai, but even after a really tasty meal there yesterday, I'm still not a convert.  The interior feels like it's trying to be a swanky Miami restaurant, which I find disconcerting on Prytania.  The waiter was really nice, but since I'm trending 2:3 odds* of being disappointed, I doubt that I will return.  I also sort of feel mildly overcharged each time I go there - not enough to say that the pricing is way off base, but just enough to feel like I didn't get a good value for the money.
*My husband, who has enjoyed our past meals there more than I have, points out that the trend may be statistically inaccurate.  I guess that's what Yelp is for.Be careful... My card was overcharged (split the check between two people and my friend covered the full tip on her card, but I was charged for the tip as well....) 
Service has gone downhill in recent years. Previously one of my favorite spots, but now slow, inattentive service and inconsistent food means I'm looking for another go-to thai restaurant.Their cocktails were good, and served as replacement for not having wine on the menu.  The seafood curry was delicious and was topped with a huge fried soft-shell crab (which I didn't expect, but welcomed).  It was a pricier meal, but mostly because we ordered a few drinks.if i could give them zero star, i would. they have really bad credential reputation. my friend and i split the check into $23.42 and i gave them $3.5 tips. HOWEVER all of our bank records say each of us spent 62 dollars at this restaurantNot very authentic Thai and the dining area smells more like cleaning chemicals than food. Decent drink deals for happy hour and yummy potstickers, but avoid the hot and sour soup...tastes like sloppy joes!This place is alright. I had the Drunken Noodles which is a personal favorite Thai dish that I will usually get at Thai restaurants to judge their caliber. It was good but not as spicy as I would have liked. That particular dish is usually very spicy and covered in a spicy sauce but La Thai's version had very little sauce and was not spicy.  However, the flat rice noodles were good and the vegetables were very fresh. Got it To-Go so maybe I would enjoy the dining-in experience more. Still need to try their curry to really pass the test. I hope that it will be spicier. Until next time.So good! The food was delightful. The cocktails were perfectly mixed. The staff was quick and helpful. Cozy atmosphere.Love this place. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Great choices on the menu and theyee able to accommodate people who need substitutions without a problem. The cocktails Are awesome as well. Definitely will return. The ambiance is gorgeous and relaxing.Just going to put it out there early that this is my favorite Thai in the city. I first had one of their dishes at Tales of the Toddy and I was like whoa. It wasn't all the Toddy(s) I drank talking either. I finally got around to making it in the brick and mortar spot though. LOVE the decor. It was lunch time and there weren't many people so we were allowed to choose our seating. Now it did take some time for our food to come out. We had soups and entrees. It tasted amazing.This place is an exceptional Thai place.  Drunken Noodles to Crab 3 ways, if you like Thai then you will love this place.  The atmosphere is amazing also.Friends and I tried La Thai Uptown for lunch.  The place was beautiful, clean, serene and quiet.   Just a great atmosphere.  The staff was prompt and professional.  The menu is not overwhelming and I like that in a restaurant.  For an appetizer we ordered the eggplant.medallions with spinach and shrimp.  Very tasty and I highly recommend them.    Then I had the Tom Kar Gai soup.  Very mild with coconut  and mushrooms.  Again very tasty and mild.  Finally we all shared Pad Thai and Spring rolls.  Everything was very tasty and professionally plated.This was a place we found by accident while looking for late night eats. 
We showed up when there was a private party, some kind of reception maybe, anyway, we were the only customers there who were not with the party. Even the late night menu had great options, all convertible to vegetarian (add tofu) so we tried the drunken noodles, my first time, and it was excellent. 
After that we were back for more every couple of weeks, each time trying a different dish, all excellent. 
The service is great, there's just tons of waiters standing around waiting to help out, whether they're busy or not and we never waited to sit or get refills on water and the food came out of the kitchen soon after we ordered. 
I recommend this place to anyone going to NOLA partly because it's neutral on class, not too fancy (approachable) and they have a bar. win win.One of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans.  Lots of options for vegetarians and generally high quality, tasty Thai food that is somehow a little different from other Thai places.  Most of the dishes are more flavorful than hot, though you can get things spicy.  The drunken noodles are perfectly cooked and packed with vegetables and the basil fried rice puts standard "fried rice" to shame.  I also like the Thai Coon entree which features perfectly cooked eggplant.  I appreciate that you get a lot of food for your money here.  It's not cheap but  IS a good value.  And my dog loves them because when we've eaten at one of the (very few) outdoor tables they brought him a big bowl of water on a hot day.LOVE LaThai!  The Tom Yum and Tom Kar Gai soup are both the best I've had in the city.  The crab cake is soooooo amazing, chock-full of crab and served with the most deliciously crisp veggies.  The Drunken noodles are some of the best I've had outside of San Fransisco, and the panko-crusted redfish is always good.  They also have the best Tuna salad (in my opinion of course) and wonderfully original thai fusion cocktails served out of a beautiful bar.   
Another thing to keep in mind is that they do private parties in this large back room (very pretty decor, too I might add) hosted and planned through a girl named Wendy.  She is super professional, helpful, and very sweet and always makes sure her guests are happy and very well taken care of.   Plus, they don't charge for the room, only a price per head depending on what you'd like to eat and drink, so it's cost effective all things considered.  Definitely my favorite place for private events like that, and Wendy is just awesome.
LaThai has a great waitstaff that delivers great service, and the family-run environment keeps us going back.  Gotta love Diana, Mama, and Chef Merlin!The best Thai restaurant in Nola. The Staff and the food is wonderful. The curry dishes are the best. The Sea bass is absolutely amazing.As always, the food never disappoints. The atmosphere is swanky and they really care about the food! Presentation is beautiful and I have yet to try something that I really didn't care for with the exception of a frozen tasting Red Velvet cake that I had a few nights ago (don't let that talk you out of it, try it yourself.  Maybe I got a bad piece). The Chilean Sea Bass is so good I could slap Chef Merlin (he's the well known chef at La Thai that is very friendly and personal), and the combination Pad Thai will spoil your taste buds - you won't be ordering that from anywhere else again. You absolutely can't go wrong with any of their curries (seafood is the best in my opinion) or any of their amazing specialty drinks! I suggest trying the Hendrick's Cube made with Hendrick's Gin, mint leaves, Elderflower extract, simple syrup and soda water? I'm not sure of all the ingredients but it's one of my favorite summer drinks in the city! It's not a tyical place tourists would go because it's not cliché New Orleans food, but remember... New Orleans' food culture is always about trying new things and broadening your taste buds! Don't miss out!Never had a bad experience here. The panko fried oysters over artichoke relish is a winner. Service is very knowledgeable and customer oriented. I have ordered a different entree on every visit, and I have never been disappointed. Great fusion of Thai with a local twist.I really enjoy the bar setting as well as take out. My fav is the red curry chicken. If you want to catch a sports game the bar has a good flat screen. Lindsey the bar tender is super sweet and gave great customer service.What a shame.
Lunch started fine: we both admired the decor and how quickly our food got to the table. My peppermint chicken was excellent, and my wife's pad woon sen was pretty good. Portion size was enough for leftovers. After that, the whole meal switched gears.
Our waitress completely ignored us, even when we were clearly done eating. All she ended up doing was writing down our order and taking the check at the end: nothing else. We had to wave her down to get dessert.
When we got the dessert (coconut sticky rice and fried banana), both dishes were so plain that we regretted not going to Creole Creamery next door.
The only way I would recommend this place is if you drop in for lunch, grab an $11 entree, maybe have one of their specialty cocktails, and leave it at that.I will preface by saying I am a picky person and do not know what "real" Thai food should taste like. However, I love La Thai! They have so many options, especially for a person like me who doesn't like spicy food. I always order the spring rolls as an appetizer, and my favorites are cashew chicken, beef and broccoli, and the Chinese fried rice with chicken and shrimp. The service is always very good, too. They also allow plenty of substitutions; for example, when I get the fried rice, they let me choose what veggies I'd like in it. They are a little on the pricey side, but you get huge portions for the entrees.
Tip: they have deals on Groupon a lot, so check before you go!I love the modern decor in this place; there's always something interesting to look at and appreciate while you're waiting for your food to come. The giant wall divider in the middle of the room is my personal favorite.  The owners have created a very chic atmosphere that's approachable but upscale. I often cringe at paying more for Asian food since I know it costs nothing to make, but La Thai does a great job balancing price, with quality of food and service and a nice atmosphere. 
Even though this is my go-to place for Thai, I knocked off a star for not offering papaya salad and larb, which I believe are essential prerequisites for any Thai establishment.Re-opened after a gorgeous facelift.   The place is absolutely stunning thanks to designer Curtis Herring. The food and drinks are absolutely the best Thai in the city. It's a definite must see. Try the Thai BBQ shrimp in the new Not Noi lounge. Amazing!!!!!If I had to eat my last pad Thai meal here I'd be very ok with that. It has just the right amount of kick to it and it is delicious. I haven't tried a bad meal here yet. 
Atmosphere is set for the perfect date night. Great lighting so you won't scare your date. It's also very charming for large groups, however the reason for the 4 and not 5 stars is due to them not splitting checks. Say whaaa?!? Yep they sure don't.
Parking isn't horrible either, but you will most likely have to find street parking if there isn't any in the back of the bank. Definitely do not park in the drug store parking lot because you will be towed!The decor inside is beautiful, in great spot of town.  Perfect for a date night.  Chilean Sea Bass was amazing.  Ahi Tuna was good, very light.  Stuffed chicken wings were more of a novelty but the peanut sauce was good.  Going to try a different appetizer next time.  Great service, overall very good.Haven't been to this place in years so a few of us decided to go on our lunch break this week. I really like their trendy decor. They offer a few lunch specials daily. Service was a bit slow for the lunch hour...most places try to get you in and out. The coconut shrimp appetizer was pretty tasty. I ordered the pad thai..comes with shrimp and chicken. I will say it had good flavor but was a bit dry overall. Worth trying..if u have more than an hour for lunch.One of the few GREAT Thai places we have in the city.   I had the Drunken Noodles, which was spicy and De-lish.  My partner in crime had the Beef Pad Thai, another excellent dish.   The service was excellent and the setting is Uptown Chic.   I will definitely be back!The best pad veggie Thai ever tbh. They asked if it was alright if the dish had eggs and it was but it's comforting to know that they acknowledge people out there with dietary restrictions/preferences. Also the Thai tea was just great, not to strong like some other Thai places. Though the spring rolls weren't the best, it's a Thai restaurant. i wouldn't expect that to be their specialty.I was in search of Thai food upon my return to New Orleans and I found La Thai. Recommend by a co-worker turned out to be a great dinning experience. Went for my birthday and the service was amazing. La Thai was very accommodating of my large party. I had the Crabcakes and asparagus and they were absolutely amazing. Will defiantly be a faithful customer.Amazing experience! My server made sure that all of our needs were met. My glass of tea was never empty and all dropped spoons of my 1 year old wee replaced immediately. The dinner she recommended was delicious, and the portion was large enough for 2.I eat a lot of Thai food, in fact I was basically raised on it as it was the dining out option of choice for my family many times. La Thai is good, but its not my favorite Thai place. I find they have European influences in their Thai recipes so the flavors are not as bold. It's like watered down Thai food. That being said, its still good food, just not what I have been accustomed to. The coconut soup is probably my favorite thing on the menu. The curry entrees are good. I would skip on the pad thai. 
The atmosphere of the restaurant is great and I can see why people like to come here. It has awesome design elements, but the prices are very modest. 
The biggest downfall of La Thai is that they do not split checks for large tables. They have a modern POS system so not sure why they refuse split checks. I would rather them add a 25% gratuity and them split the check.Positive:  Wonderful food and great friendly service
Negative:  Slightly overpriced, and tables way to close together.
The food was great!   Will definately come back again to try some of their other dishes.  Only real downside I saw that the tables were really close together so the person behind me kept bumping my chair.
Cant wait to come back.Yummiest fruit mojitos! Love the decor and ambience. The Phat Thai is great. The coconut shrimp appetizer is also great!Love eating here. Getting the Crispy oysters which is one of my favorites. Having lunch with my two grandchildren and daughter. #familytime.
Never had a bad experience here thus far.Don't come here if you're in search of authentic Thai food. That's not what you'll find. 
Do come if you want to sit in an upscale, bridal shower-esque decorated (that's what it oddly reminded me of) but conveniently located mediocre food.Love this spot!  The decor is adorable and the owners are super personable and make it a fun dining experience.  The food is pretty good but can sometimes go too spicey.  I'm a fan of Thai and La Thai Uptown is definitely somewhere I think of when I'm in the mood for Thai food.Okay, here's my dilemma with this place. The first time I went, my friend and I got the typical Thai food - pad thai and something similar to the drunken noodle. It wasn't great, especially for the price. However, I notice that Tom Fitzmorris gave this place the best review and one of my co-workers who's friends with Tom also said the same thing and so I came back to get the crab cake. I think it was the best I've had, second to the one I had at Atlanta Seafood Company over 5 years ago. I'm just frustrated that they don't have better thai food, considering that's what they advertise their restaurant to be. Hence, the three stars.Outside might fool you because it surely did for me but La Thai is the most fancy Thai restaurant I have ever been in New Orleans. They just have a very classy and great vibe going around in that joint. 
Greeting from the hostess as soon as walked in and we got seated as soon as walked in. We went on Friday night and there were good deal of people enjoying their night. They have got an amazing full size bar by the entrance. There are sofa areas, big tables and small table area so whether you are having a chill date night or having a full blown gathering with your friends, they absolutely can accommodate your need.
The service was excellent from both the bar and kitchen. Waiters were very attending and made sure everything was great.
The only reason i took a star off was due to Food itself in comparison to its price. By no mean am I saying that the food was bad but I have had better pad thai in other joints. It was somewhat sweeter than most of the pad thai I have ever tried. I little bit on dry side too. For 14 $ dish, I prefer Sukhothai one over this one. My company had a drunken noodle but he said he enjoyed it a lot and It did look better than mind as well.
Definitely would recommend to give it a shot because it is not a bad place at all!i only ever get the pad thai and i always get it to go...but it is damn good.  Unlike most places, here i actually have to order it really spicy to get it hot enough...The gentleman that waited on me proceeded to stalk me on LinkedIn, but I suppose that is beside the point...
Ooooh la la this restaurant is pretty! And a total scene! Showing up on a Thursday night and seeing the rest of the clientele dressed to the nines, klinking martini glasses made me wish I had put a little more effort into my appearance.  Oh well, I know I'm probably not cool enough to hang out with any of those people ;)
I was a little miffed by the prices.  When you're paying this much for dinner, you expect it to be pretty outstanding and La Thai fell a little short.  My coconut soup was cold.  The regular pad Thai did not come with any veggies so it was very noodle heavy and bland.  However, one of my dining companions ordered the veggie pad Thai and the extra veggies made for a pretty delicious dish. I would recommend keeping that in mind when ordering.  The spring rolls were a tasty starter.  
I can't say this place is great value, but its a fun spot; the kinda place to get dressed up and go with a bunch of friends before a night on the town.  We received great service and met the chef who let us puppy-sit his dachshund while we dined outside.  I would definitely go back and like to try some of the other dishes....there's a great selection!I'm really surprised by the low ratings for this restaurant.  I really like this place.  My wife and I go probably every other week.  Maybe things have improved over time.  We have been going for the last six months or so.
Granted we are not Thai food connoisseurs, but we do know good food.  We always start with the vegetable spring rolls.  They are served hot and crispy with a great sweet chili dipping sauce.  My wife likes the Paht Thai.  Generous portion and FRESH ingredients.  Great  flavoring.  Good amount of chicken and shrimp.  I love the "Mama's Stuffed Chicken Wings".  They are deboned and stuffed with a shrimp/pork/noodle staffing and served with a peanut sauce.  I typically get the Duck Delight, which is crispy duck pieces and shrimp in a spicy sauce.
I've always found the service to be good and attentive.  We almost always see the owner and her son there.  The draft beer is nice and cold.  The take out is also easy and convenient.great service, great food. there was 10 in our group, with some people who are hard to please (ahem, me). nobody complained about their food. the soft shell crab was crispy and i could taste crab, not the just the batter. the food was not at all greasy like a lot of thai places. everything we got tasted fresh & yummy.I had a very nice lunch here last Saturday but, for reasons unrelated to food, service, or anything to do with the restaurant, I might not be back, but more on that later. 
First, I'll tell you about lunch. I had the drunken noodles, which came with chicken and shrimp and were $11. The portion was substantial and delicious. 
The location was very nice, if a bit far from my usual haunts. It is right around the corner from Crepe Nanou, which might be fun to try one day. It was nice and upscale-looking inside and the service was good. 
Since my only small complaints are not enough ice in the ice water (I am big ice fanatic and the refills didn't have any ice in them) and that it is slightly more on the pricey, chi-chi side for Asian, you may wonder why I am a bit ashamed to go back, Well, I was having lunch with a friend who , long story had a few pieces of clothing she wanted to give back to me. One of these was a bra, which was under the two other items. I accidentally left the bra on the table when we left and the waitress called after us to say we left "something" on the table. LOL!I can't hate La Thai.  It's pretty and the folks are nice and everything looks so appetizing.  And about half the time, it is tasty, too.  But I have yet to have a really impressive Thai meal in New Orleans.  So, considering the competition, I guess that makes La Thai pretty kick-ass.
But I eat Thai in New York and Los Angeles as often as I do in New Orleans, so I can't give it more than 3 stars because I know too much.  
Right now, my biggest beef with them is not unique to this restaurant.  Twice now I've ordered something in a Thai restaurant in New Orleans that was described as having lemon grass.  Why?  Because I was hungry for lemon grass.  But I don't taste the lemon grass.  Why?!?  I don't get it.  Whatever the reason, the $8 lunch special lemon grass beef was neither lemon grassy nor a good piece of beef.  Greasy, fatty, and disappointing.  
Maybe I just need to stow my Thai cravings away for other ports-of-call.LA Thai is one of those places that is generally mediocre food but have amazing here-and-there "thai fusion" entrees. But if you're going to open a Thai place, you gotta get the basics right or else people are just going to lose interest because let's face it, everybody's general idea of Thai food is rich and spicy curries and well, pad thai. And they can't get that right.
It's located on Prytania in that little mini mall strip with the Creole Creamery next door - the space itself is very clean with hardwood floors - however the dining room is sparsely decorated with cultural items and plants. 
I ordered the pad thai and a red chicken curry, as well had a few special cocktails they had - they make some pretty damn good cocktails, a lot of them asian inspired. However the pad thai was red and weirdly sweet - which was kind of...not what I would want my pad thai to be like. It wasn't bad - but it wasn't good. The curry was a little blander than I used to and it was kind of expensive for the portion size and for what it is. 
The service was a little choppy as well - I had to wait a moment before I got a table (it wasn't busy) and I had to flag down a waiter to drop us menus and get us our drinks. 
So bottom line - there's a hell of a lot better choices for Thai food uptown (such as Bangkok Thai or Sukho) at better prices. I wouldn't choose to come back here.I have gone here many times. The first time I went we had Merlin as our waitor. He no longer works there but he was one of my favorite waitors ever. He offered to cook us a free sample of drunken noodles and every time I go, I have to order it. It is so good. It's better than their pad thai. I also love the coconut shrimp. The dumplings are just ok. have always had great service here. They also have a special appetizers deal on Tuesdays I think. 1/2 off apps and certain drinks. Very good restaurant. Hopefully I'll see Merlin again.This is actually my first time here and the food is absolutely delicious! When you first walk in, you'll notice how nice and decorated the restaurant is and the service is awesome! Will definitely come back
I recommend the coconut shrimp as an appetizerPretty good Thai cuisine and great wine and cocktail selections.  I brought my friend in for his first Thai food experience (he's a cheeseburger and potato guy) and he loved it.  The food is a little pricey for the taste, but the atmosphere is excellent and made for a great 5 person dinner party.Love love this place. It's always bustling and the food's consistently delicious. I love the Shu Mai! Be warned that while it's certainly Thai, it's Cajun-influenced Thai, so purists may complain... However, doesn't bother me a whit, as long as it's delicious!This was my first trip back to La Thai and man was it worth the trip. The restaurant itself has a feeling drawing you in with a flavor all it's own. The menu is varied and well thought out. The wait staff is attentive but don't over due it. Our waiter Cory is striking at 6' 8" and he does know his menu and can break down each dishes appeal. My wife had the Calimari with the in house made sweet chili that is in a class by itself. I had the Chef Merlin's Crab Cake with Lump Crab Meat an again that marvelous Sweet Chili Sauce. I would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys  fresh Louisiana Crab Meat. La Thai is where you take your out of town guest who want to sample food the locals eat. You will make a great impression and a truly fantastic  food memory. Of course if you want to make a impression on that new someone here you go. This is truly a "foodie " spot that anyone can enjoy.I was content with your by-the-glass wine selection. The asparagus in the glass noodle dish was INCREDIBLE. Remember playing with giant parachutes in elementary school gym class? Your front-room ceiling decor reminded me of this, and while tuning out the drone of the busy dinner rush, I day-dreamed of rolling around in it.This place has the best Thai food in New Orleans. The restaurant is clean and nice. The prices are a bit high, but it is worth it.Very chic Thai restaurant. I was in the area for a great meal before my movie at Prytania Theater. I usually go to Kyoto but have eaten there alot lately and wanted to try La Thai. Well I should have stuck with Kyoto. The good was the hot and sour soup that was excellent, the bad was that everything tasted like the hot and sour soup. It appears this place uses a base for most of their dishes because I tried the drunken noodles and the pad thai and both had the same flavor as the soup which I though was weird. The pad thai was the worst I had ever had and the drunken noodles had big beautiful shrimp that made up for the underwhelming dish. We ordered the summer rolls which was a disgrace as it was one roll cut into pieces for $5 which was the special, its normally $7 here. The drunken noodles at an astounding $16 was ridiculously over priced like much of the menu. I thought I could never get Thai more expensive than Suhko Thai and yet unfortunately I found it. This place is often on Groupon so if you do decide to come here make sure you have a one if not look elsewhere. I blew way past my budget here for food that I did not think was that great. What makes it worse is that when I eat Thai I normally do it family style but unfortunately the plates here are expensive and the portion size is not family style, note even close.Definitely an awesome atmosphere. Other than the signage, nothing about this place really screams "Thai." However, it is a very well-decorated space, perfect for a date.
We came on a Friday night and didn't have to wait at all to be seated. Drinks were brought to our table almost instantaneously, along with our order of summer rolls. The entree quickly followed - but not so quickly that we didn't have time to enjoy the rolls. Drink refills were offered in a timely manner too.
The summer rolls are great. We each ordered a different curry dish, and both were delicious. There was no room for dessert afterwards, but I think I remember seeing at least one dish that sounded delish.
Oh, and for an uptown restaurant, the parking situation isn't terrible. It's all on the street, but you should be able to find a decent spot within a block or two.My first visit here and I was amazed how pretty the restaurant decor was. It has a lovely ambiance and a great menu. I order the calamari, mussels, coconut shrimp, spicy beef salad, tom yum, pad Thai, drunken noodles and the sea scallop. First off the calamari was good fresh and hot was was the coconut shrimp. The mussels was a bit of let down. It says cooked with coconut and I imagine it to be cooking with some coconut milk but I didn't taste any. The soup was delish. The spicy beef salad is probably one of the best salad I've ever had. The pad Thai was kinda a let down too. For some reason they cut their noodles...I didn't like that at all. Seemed like child food. The sea scallop was eh. Nothing to compliment about. But the drunken noodles was fantastic. Yes I would come back to get the spicy beef salad.Have you heard the old saying, 'I've done more for less'? Well, upscale Asian, especially Thai, really irks me. Who wants to pay $14 for Pad Thai? Nothing on the menu was under $12, and I left hungry. I ordered the scallop special. The scallops were fresh, but I've had larger appetizers. In fact, shrimp were in the dish, but shrimp were not mentioned on the menu's description of the dish. 
Concerning prices - the surroundings aren't swank enough, the service was inexperienced, and anytime you're charged extra for rice, I'm quite suspect. The lighting was so dim at 6:00, I really thought it was a bar that happened to serve food. When I read later they featured a happy hour and 'specials' that weren't offered to me, it just solidified I would have been better off going to Zara's, ordering a po' boy, and sneaking it into the theater.Beautiful building, fresh roses on the tables, and good service. The food is amazing! The summer rolls are to die for, the pad thai and drunken noodles are the best I've ever had and the crispy oyster dish was delicious! Will definitely be back!!!First, the decor is so charming! The chairs, the fresh flowers, the frames on the wall--everything is gorgeous. It's perfect for a nice birthday dinner or any celebratory gathering. 
The moscow mule was good. The bartender made it pretty quickly. 
I had the spring rolls appetizer and the drunken noodles! I'm so happy the spring rolls were not burnt and they were crisp and hot! Yum! The drunken noodles were okay, nothing special. The waiter moved quickly and she was attentive. No complaints there! Also, I got a scope of ice cream for my bday! :)La Thai has consistently great tasting appetizers and entrees. My wife and I frequent this restaurant and I've tried multiple items on the menu. 
I'm going to highlight my go-to hangover-cure meal. 
Veggie spring rolls. They're crispy and light with a fresh veggie flavor that's perfect with their dipping sauce. 
Tom Yung Goong soup. Once you've inhaled some fried food hit up something light and nutrient packed. The soup is spicy enough to get your liver ready to workout to have you feeling better. The shrimp have a great tasting gulf flavor to make you think of the beach and not the war drums going off in your head. 
Drunken noodles. Time to finish your carb load and soak up the rest last night's regrets (or lack there of). These noodles are the final step to getting you back on your feet. They have a wonderful texture that's never mushy. The noodles, chicken, basil, and sauce all balance out each other to make this a great tasting, mood lifting dish.Diane rocks!  She is a great bartender and the food is outstanding to boot!Good Thai food.  Pad Thai was flavorful, full of fresh veggies, and the salads were good.  Excellent service, got all our special requests right. Strange atmosphere -- almost like it can't decide what it wants to be. Fancy restaurant? Neighborhood Thai? Sports bar? The classical music blasting in the background didn't quite fit with any of these, but the food was good -- although efinitely more expensive than it should be (veggie pad thai should be $8, not $13).  Overall good food and good service. I'd go back.THE worst thai food I've ever had, and I don't even have high standards for thai food!!!
Even though I saw the reviews before, I thought I would give it a try bc not many thai places are open at 4pm. The Pad Thai was bland, just pepper flakes with no flavor. I also got the stuffed chicken wings, and it made me wanna puke bc I wasn't even sure what was inside of it. Had to toss the $25 meal, and I never throw away food!!!Location is remote.  Inside is nicely decorated.  Staff appears to be friendly, knowledgeable about the menu and are free to recommend, upon request.  But even with all that said, I've had much better Thai food.  the Thai tea was good!I went to La Thai for lunch during the week on a Groupon bought by a friend and I was initially skeptical but ended up pleasantly surprised. The service was excellent and the food was really, really good. I had the green curry and my friend got the seafood glass noodle salad, both of which were delicious. We shared the Tom Yum, which was a bit too spicy and lacking in the lemongrass flavor I love, but the entrees more than made up for it. It's not traditional, authentic Thai food, but it also doesn't claim to be. I would definitely go back for lunch--the dinner menu (beyond the basic curries) is a little pricey.I really hate to kick a place when it's down, but .. yeah: La Thai really sucks.  It is probably the most egregious example of New Orleans ethnic food drastically overreaching in quality/price ratio.  Even when I'm getting that Thai food craving and I start contemplating shelling out for other places in town (Sukhothai... lookin' at you!) who are also just glorified take-out joints, I still know learned my lesson with LaThai. 
Crappy. Bad decor. Underwhelming, overpriced food.  Just clear out and put another Italian place or something in this space already.I love Thai food and have tried all the various Thai restaurants in New Orleans proper.  La Thai has been my favorite of the bunch based solely on the food.
I was impressed by the atmosphere at first.  The lovely chandeliers and the barrier between the host and the diners made for a more intimate feel.  However, they broke one of my cardinal rules--a real atmosphere killer--they had a flat screen playing ESPN on the wall in the dining area.  Not just over the bar--they had 2 there as well which I am okay with.  
Not only was it playing ESPN, but the sound was on.  I was curious about some games so I didn't complain or anything, but my gf was pretty miffed and it just isn't tasteful.
What was tasteful was the food.  I got a red curry dish and I ask for it extra spicy.  Usually when I do this, waitresses raise an eyebrow and you can tell they are thinking "Americans don't know spicy, he will send it back" and don't tell the chefs to heat it up.
This waitress did the whole "are you sure" thing, but then actually told the chefs to sizzle my taste buds and I will admit, I needed about 5 water refills, my face was red, and I was sweating in 65 degree air conditioning.
It was darn delicious though and so were my lady's drunken noodles.
Minus One star for the TV incident.  Plus four stars for punishing my spice cockiness.An awesome Thai restaurant! The food is out of this world. The service is impeccable. Be sure to get the crab cakes or crab 3 ways...both are awesome. The pomtini is killer.Really good blueberry Mojito just had a small appetizer some sort of curry rice it was yummyWe had our rehearsal dinner here in nov of 2016 & it truly was better than we could've imagined. The service was incredible, but the food was even better! The atmosphere is so classy.If you're looking for Thai food in NOLA, look no further. Very good food and service. Kid friendly, and full bar.Now, I'm sure that some would consider this Asian food, but I would respectfully call it "Asian light".  I don't think I've ever eaten anything overly Thai here.  Not unless putting a sauce on a piece of salmon is Thai food.
Not that I'm complaining.  I have never had anything here that I didn't like.  In fact, I like this place a lot.  Whenever I go I feel like I'm eating dinner in the middle of a nightclub.
They have many delicious signature drinks.  I had one, but I can't remember what it was called.  I think it was some kind of daiquiri.  
They have a lot of social events here, and I can see this being a cool little "after work" place to stop and get a drink.I've already written a review on La Thai.  I've probably written a couple actually, because I come here often.
You just can't keep me away from their amazing Social Tuesday specials!
I went last night with a group.  There were 8 of us.  We took advantage of the amazing specials and all ordered $2 Abita Ambers on draught, a couple of Stoli drinks for $5, and tons of $5 apps.  
These Tuesday deals run ALL EVENING, not just for happy hour!
The apps that got the most attention and nom nom noms, were the mussels (my favorite mussels in the city), the fried calamari, and the shu mai (dumplings).  
The only thing that I tried that I didn't really care for was the hot and sour soup.  It wasn't bad.  It just wasn't my thing.
I have to love when I can completely pig out, and leave with a buzz all for under $25...and that was with a 50% tip!
I'm still sad that they no longer carry 14 Hands cabernet.  A waiter on a previous visit mentioned that other regulars have expressed disappointment as well.  Maybe they'll bring it back?  PLEASE!
La Thai is great for dates too!This is my absolute favorite Thai food spot in New Orleans. Their tom kha gai soup is the best I've ever had, their tuna appetizer is always on point, eggplant medallions are delicious...I could go on about the appetizers. For my main dish I always get one of the curries, which never ceases to please. They also make an amazing cucumber cosmo, which I highly recommend.
Even though I love their food, the reason they don't get five stars is due to their terrible phone system for takeout orders (it puts you in an endless loop and I usually have to call back several times before I get through); Also, more recently the restaurant has had an unpleasant smell when entering...not sure what's up with that.My family and I have been going to La Thai since they opened over a decade ago. We have never been disappointed. The ambiance is trendy and upbeat, we know most of the wait staff either by face or by name due to their strong focus on customer service and forming customer relationships. We actually had my daughter's 14th birthday party last night, and they were able to effortlessly accommodate 18 girls....the host, hostess and servers were attentive, patient, and made each girl feel special. As for the food, it tastes exactly as delicious as it looks in the photos! Also, my daughter and I are vegetarian, and there are lots of options for us!As soon as I walked in and saw the over-intricate decor I had a bad feeling: "overcompensation! overcompensation!" Nevertheless we gave it a whirl. Mistake.
Briefly:
-Tom Kha Gai (soup): I sent it back. It was slightly flavored hot coconut milk with some mushrooms and a hint of lime-- not the rich awesome broth that I'm used to.
-Drunken Noodles: acceptable, but only actually good after we pestered the waitress for a bowl of limes and applied them.
-Pad Thai: if I had actually ordered this I would have sent it back too and gone 0 for 2. As it was my wife managed to eat it, but how I don't know. It tasted like ketchup poured over spaghetti and heated until unpleasantly dry. 
It's New Orleans. You can do better. Try Bangkok Cafe down the street.Not how I remembered it would be. I've been wanting to try LA Thai again because the first time I had it I enjoyed some of the food. I ordered the beef salad, tum yum soup, calamari, mussels and the noodles. First off I was really really disappointed with the beef salad. I would always rave about how awesome the salad is but this time I went I was so unhappy. They cook the filet well done. Who the hecks eats filet well done?? They just ruined a perfectly good meat. After that the tum yum was such a disaster. It straight up tasted like spicy water. It had no tum yum flavor whatsoever. I asked if they can make it sour. Omg. It was still terrible. I was not how I had it before when I first visited. Calamari was good. The mussels sucked. Says curry mussels. You don't even taste the curry and they serve fries with it on the side and boy oh boy. Fries are to be seasoned with salt. My fries were salted alright. The fries came in a little pouch and bam! They just salted the entire top of the fries. A blob of salt. The drunken noodles was eh. But the sticky rice mango dessert was not that great. I had two chunks of mango just sitting on rice with strawberries and coconut milk. Nothing to rave about. I spent 70 on crappy food.On the other hand the food is good & they have yummy cocktails.  And I can walk there from my house.  I guess I'm a pushover.I had dinner at La Thai last weekend with two friends. We arrived around 9pm on Saturday with no reservation. The hostess said it would only be 20-30 minutes, but it took almost an hour to seat us. I became frustrated while we were waiting, because several tables were empty, but no one was making an effort to clean them. As a former server at a fine dining establishment, I can't fathom that. 
But, aside from that hiccup, the restaurant is wonderful. I'd rate it 4 stars based on the food alone. We split the stuffed chicken wings, the green curry with shrimp, and the beef salad. The salad was huge, and the beef had a great spicy flavor. I can't say enough about the curry; the flavors were perfectly balanced. It's not purely thai -- there's some southern and New Orleans influence, but I enjoyed the fusion aspects of their menu. Our table service was excellent, too. I'll definitely be back, and hopefully with reservations next time!I had a devil of a time finding a Thai restaurant that was open for a late lunch (or open at all) and finally came to grab a seat at La Thai.
i was really looking for a little more authenticity from my meal so I cannot give them any higher than a 3/5.  Luckily the ingredients were very high quality which got them the extra 0.5 points.
I eat the same thing almost every time:  Spring rolls, Tom Kha, Pad Thai (very spicy).
To La Thai's credit they gave a complimentary eggplant in teryaki which was very good.  Very good balance of salty and sweet.  I'd order that one again for sure.
Spring rolls were average.  Good but not great.  No problem.
Tom Kha was a little watery.  It had plenty of chicken which was nice but I prefer my tom kha a little more creamy and rich.  This is the first time I've had tom kha with carrots.  If I had to guess they missed the fish sauce part of recipe.  Nice little variation which overall did not affect the soup positive or negative.  
Pad thai was just not impressive at all.  The noodles were a little thin for pad thai.  I like the wider noodle and I especially like my pad thai noodles to be a tiny bit sticky on the plate.  They got the sticky part correct.  As far as taste this dish is  far too sweet to considered good pad.  Again, carrots were added.  No significant affect.  My absolute biggest problem with this dish was the utter lack of spice.  I used 1/2 the pepper in the spice rack to avail.  
Overall, I gave them an extra 1/2 point for great ingredients.  Don't go here for anything resembling authentic Thai food.  Especially do not eat here if you want something spicy.  Good ambiance.This is one of the worst Thai restaurants ever!! The food is horrible! Yes really fancy on the inside but the place smells of moth balls! La Thai uptown is NOT I REPEAT IS NOT AUTHENTIC Thai cuisine!! The food taste like bad Chinese, you are better off going to China 1 whatever that is! Meaning don't ever come here. The food lacks flavor if you are a person who has had real thai food this will disappoint you! The whole staff should go take some pointers from Thai mint.  Bottom of the barrel food just with a fancy dress on. Pad ke mao (drunken noodles) taste like lo mein and to add on the horrible taste they drenched my food in soy sauce which was even worst!! The only thing good here was the spring rolls. If you are looking for top of the line Thai food go to Thai mint! They never disappoint. This place gets 0 stars from me!Great Chilean Sea Bass and great service! Stephanie was very nice and knowledgable about the wine to go with my meal. The Crios Torrontes was a perfect light wine for the fish. Parking was easy on a Sunday at noon.Delicious food and awesome service at a reasonable price. Love the ambiance of this place!We dine at La Thai pretty frequently, as it's part of our rotation of restaurants that aren't really Thai but say they are in the name. That being said, La Thai certainly falls in the "fusion" category, as other diners have noted, and the restaurant does it well. It's probably my favorite of the Thai-ish restaurants in New Orleans, as I think they flavor dishes better ("brighter" is a good description I've heard of the food) than other similar restaurants.
My favorite dishes include the paht thai, which has more flavor than most; the chicken stir-fry with cashews, which is served in a pool of velvety red sauce among vegetables that always seem to be cooked properly; the tom gar kai soup, which is also quite flavorful, if not a bit assertive; and both the spring rolls and summer rolls to start. I like that the food is prepared with great attention to presentation, and is always served hot, if not boiling-lava-hot (watch your tongues).
For all the good that comes with La Thai (decor, attentive service, very hot and flavorful dishes), there's a little bad. As I mentioned, sometimes the food can be served too hot. The waiters always ask if we've been there before, which instantly makes me feel like I'm a tourist even though I'm not. Portion size can vary among visits. Parking can be very challenging, since there's none of it allowed in the giant lot across Prytania Street, and the neighborhood parking around the building is competitive. Despite those factors, the dining experience is usually pretty quick on weeknights and is generally pleasant. Even though I have a burned tongue as I type this, I look forward to the next dinner I'll enjoy here.We are new in town and decided to give this place a try. We didn't regret our decision! The restaurant it's self is beautiful inside with the modern chandeliers. We asked our waitress for food choices: we ended up going with "drunken noodles" and pad Thai per recommendation. Both were fantastic. Will defiantly be back!We had the blackened ahi tuna, shu mai, hot & sour soup and massaman curry. They were all delicious! But the soup and curry were outstanding. Great local beer selection, too. It's a very cute, clean and lively place- we'd definitely return.Some of the best Thai food that I've ever eaten.  This is such a great place the atmosphere is very good. The wait staff is wonderfulLa Thai is great for Lunch.  The Reason? It's a clean friendly atmosphere.  The vegetables in the food is fresher which I can appreciate since I try to divulge myself into as many vegetables per day as possible.  All in all, it tastes similiar to Singha Thai Cafe except they give you a little bigger portions and the vegetables are fresher/cooked better.  You may pay 2 or 3 dollars more but it's worth it.  This place (for lunch) I would rate better than Singha Thai Cafe because the waiters pay attention to the tables and the place itself is clean and pleasant to be inside.  Sorry to just pick on Singha Thai Cafe:)We asked for Fat Tire and we were poured an Abita Amber. We were with a group and this happened with others in our group -- It didn't seem to be an accident.La Thai, how do you make such delicious fresh food and also make me feel like a princess while I am served? 
I was immediately greeted by a friendly waitress and shown to a table. She informed us that although you couldn't tell, it was actually tiki night and a few of their more expensive drinks were $4. I had a bright blue drink that tasted like the Caribbean (see the photo attached). Being a vegetarian I was happily surprised at the "vegetarian corner" section of their menu. I love it when restaurants don't make me search through their menu in order to find something to eat. After ordering our drinks we were brought complementary appetizers. This particular app was not on the starter menu but was thought up by the cook for that day. And what a great way to start a meal- it was so good! I would order that every time I visited if it was on the menu. It was a crispy eggplant with tangy sauce. 
I had my favorite Thai meal- Masaman Curry and my friend had the Paht Thai (see photos). The Masaman had sweet coconut milk, a perfect curry spice, and loads of fresh vegetables. I have had this meal all over the US and this was my favorite so far!! There were sweet potatoes, slinky red onions, snappy green beans, crisp asparagus, red peppers, and triangles of lovely tofu. Served on the plate (which was beautiful btw) was a quarter cup of white rice. I really enjoyed this meal. My friend said that Paht Thai was also good. It came with chicken and shrimp. 
The waitress checked on us often and was very friendly. 
The interior is a nicer than I expected. However, there was strange mismatched art decorating the back wall. Apparently there is a private function room that is available to rent for parties or business events. 
I also noted a lunch menu, but was surprised to see that the lunch options were only $1 cheaper than the dinners and actually some were $1 more!
Definitely going back here as soon as I can.What a great place for a mid week dinner date!  This is a fantastic fusion Thai restaurant.  I wouldn't say that this food is intensely Thai, but that isn't to say that the food wasn't enjoyable.
The table ordered coconut shrimp, panang curry with beef, drunken noodles, coconut rice and fried banana fritters.  
Pros:
The drunken noodles had a different flavor than other drunken noodles I have had before, but they were really good.
Both desserts came with fresh fruits, but I would recommend the coconut rice over the fried bananas
Cons:
The panang curry was strangely sweet.  I love panang curry and I have ordered it so many different places I have a good gauge of what it should taste like and this just wasn't quite right.
I found it to be a little bit noisy and difficult to hear the person sitting right next to me.  This isn't surprising since the ceiling is open and there doesn't appear to be much to absorb noise.The food is always very good. Chefs are very accommodating to specific needs. One of my favorite places for Thai.I brought my mom for Mother's Day. Great atmosphere and service. My mom had a great time and the food was wonderful.La Thai uptown was recommended by a very close friend and did not disappoint on any level! The service was impeccable and the food was excellent. 
The drunken noodles were a perfect combination of flavors but the real standout at our table was the duck. It was spectacular! The hot and sour soup was also quite a conversation piece. 
La Thai has a fantastic atmosphere and is a wonderful place to celebrate the marriage of Cajun and Thai!My first visit here and I was amazed how pretty the restaurant decor was. It has a lovely ambiance and a great menu. I order the calamari, mussels, coconut shrimp, spicy beef salad, tom yum, pad Thai, drunken noodles and the sea scallop. First off the calamari was good fresh and hot was was the coconut shrimp. The mussels was a bit of let down. It says cooked with coconut and I imagine it to be cooking with some coconut milk but I didn't taste any. The soup was delish. The spicy beef salad is probably one of the best salad I've ever had. The pad Thai was kinda a let down too. For some reason they cut their noodles...I didn't like that at all. Seemed like child food. The sea scallop was eh. Nothing to compliment about. But the drunken noodles was fantastic. Yes I would come back to get the spicy beef salad.Nice place to enjoy good Thai food though I don't claim to be an expert on this type of cuisine. The interior was way cool and sleek and interesting. The food was reasonably priced and very tasty. There is a nice selection on the menu, enough that you'll find something you like but not so much you wonder if it's prepared off premises. Friendly service too. Would definitely return.This is one of my favorite Thai places New Orleans has to offer. The atmosphere is great for my group of girls that like their girls night out in a nice atmosphere with really good food. 
The Crab 3 ways is a must along with the Drunken Noodles!Went here for dinner last Thursday with a friend.  We ordered 2 glasses of wine and the calamari.  I would highly suggest putting the glaze on the side instead of on top of the calamari.  It makes it soggy.  I got the cashew chicken.  It was delicious and came out fresh and hot.  My friend got the soft shell crab and practically licked the plate.  Will go back soon!This is one of the worst Thai restaurants ever!! The food is horrible! Yes really fancy on the inside but the place smells of moth balls! La Thai uptown is NOT I REPEAT IS NOT AUTHENTIC Thai cuisine!! The food taste like bad Chinese, you are better off going to China 1 whatever that is! Meaning don't ever come here. The food lacks flavor if you are a person who has had real thai food this will disappoint you! The whole staff should go take some pointers from Thai mint.  Bottom of the barrel food just with a fancy dress on. Pad ke mao (drunken noodles) taste like lo mein and to add on the horrible taste they drenched my food in soy sauce which was even worse!! The only thing good here was the spring rolls. If you are looking for top of the line Thai food go to Thai mint! They never disappoint. This place gets 0 stars from me!Terrible and overpriced. The atmosphere is beautiful but the food was beyond disgusting and expensive for what it was. My pad Thai seemed like just noodles with Sriracha on them and tasted like basically nothing but Sriracha. Service was just okay.The food was really good. Service was fast, even during the lunch rush! Although they don't have their own parking lot, there are plenty of spaces off street.  My server/bartender, Juanita, was really knowledgeable about the food.  Get the shrimp+Chicken dumplings.  So fresh (home made this morning) and a lot of meat. Pairs perfectly with an iced cold Singha!  I'll definitely be back :)My husband and I love Thai. He had passed La Thai a few times , so decided to give it a try. The service was as good as it gets. Our tea glasses where NEVER empty. There is a girl that takes care of beverages only. Nic had the seafood curry. The heat was perfect for him. I can not handle the level that he can. Jasmine rice, crawfish, shrimp, lump crab meat, in a creamy curry sauce, all topped with a lightly fried soft-shell crab. I had the soft-shell crab on a bed of mesculin greens, lemon-garlic butter and huge chunks of lump crab meat. All I can is OMG!!! The food the way the food was plated and the service were all on target. The price of our meal was just as good as the service. The owner came to our table and we all chatted for a few minutes. He was a real down to earth man. A real person. Not pretentious. We talked about how wonderful the food and service were. He then told one of the wait staff to serve us an complimentary dessert of coconut sticky rice topped with fresh sliced mango. Holy cow!!! Another delicious treat. You can't go wrong at La Thai Uptown. Another one of New Orleans hidden treasures.I came here once for my one year anni, and boy was it great. The food was amazing! My boyfriend ordered the duck and i had drunken noodles and with soft shell crabs. As for appetizers, we had the fried calamari. Everything we ordered came out perfectly and amazing. I enjoyed the calamari the most because of the chilli sauce that gave it an extra kick. Our waiter was nice and what made it even better was the owner coming out and just talking to us as if he has known forever and all of our drinks were on the house. EVEN BETTER!One of my favorite meals ever.   Fresh soft shell crab, tons of plump crawfish, juicy shrimp,  plenty of veggies all in a spicy Thailand basil sauce on rice.   We also had the same thing in green curry sauce which was also amazing.   We went to 4 great restaurants this week and all were exceptional.   I liked La Thai the best followed by Upperline,  Brigstens and Clancy's.   You can't go wrong with any of these.New favorite NOLA restaurant
I love creole food and thai. So why not a place that mixes up the best of both worlds?!
Location/parking: excellent! And easy parking. 
Ambiance:  casual upscale.  Lovely soft lighting and swaths of fabric. Impressive glass? Sculpture that dominates and separates the room. 
Service: above and beyond. The chef herself came to check on my meal. And this was not when the restaurant was even close to empty. Servers made great recommendations. 
Food: oyster starter- this blew my mind. So wonderful, a perfect blend of the 2 cuisines. Spicy sweet glaze on the fried oysters, on top of a spicy wasabi confit. Blew my mind and took my breath away. Yum!!! This could be a main course.  
Redfish chauvin:  The other main contender for entree was crab 3 ways. Sorry, I'll eat you next time crab deliciousness. This redfish is prepared with lump crabmeat, nice-sized shrimp over wasabi mashed potatoes and swimming in a red curry sauce. Creamy, smooth, and spiced just right. 
Dessert: who cares!? Creole creamery is right next door and is a treat not to be missed. 
Overall: raving about this place and I told the owner/chef I wish she would open a branch in LA so I can eat her amazing food more often.Best drunken noodles ever! Very flavorful and generous portion. Peppermint chicken dish was good too, but I hate the fact that they used chopped chicken instead of regular cutted ones. I felt like eating congee instead. Thai tea was okay. Service was okay too. Decorations are nice though.This place is really not "Thai". It's more American-Thai. So know that going in. 
Every time I've gone the food has been different - even if I order the same dish. Sometimes it's good, sometimes it's bad.I've been going to La Thai at least once a month for the last 6 months and I can't wait to go back for my next meal. We love to take friends and family to La Thai when they come to town and everyone has raved about it. My step mother is extremely picky when dining out and La Thai is the first meal I can remember her enjoying... in years! The coconut shrimp, crab cake, stuffed wings, chicken satay salad and red fish are all AMAZING!!! If you can save room for dessert the sticky rice and banana fritters are wonderful... I often find myself wishing I had either one at home in the fridge, on demand. Being family owned and operated is a big plus in my book too!Loved the ambiance, wine list was bigger than I expected with less of the stereotypical wines, food was fabulous.  Our waitress was pretty good, the mussels could have been a bit more flavorful, the seafood curry was amazing.  The waitress convinced my date adding a crab cake to his steak would make it significantly better, I disagree especially since the crab cake was over $15.  Overall, good experience, but dinner for 2 (appetizer, wine, and entrees) was $100+ so I'll be hard pressed to return anytime soon...even without the crab cake.I've been here once, by far...the had the best steak I've ever had it was sooo tender & juicy, and the sauce on top was awesome! Definitely an awesome atmosphere as well!Bartender acted like she didn't want to help me.  Her helper who was the door host asked other customers if they wanted something to drink while they wait on their order but didn't ask me. The atmosphere wasn't welcoming therefore I will not come here again!5 stars. 
I'm just excited because I get green curry dishes at every Thai restaurant I go to and this one was great. They usually aren't spicy enough, but this one was perfect. Well, except that I needed more rice to soak up the sauce, but I don't think they charged me extra.
I like green curry to make me sweat! Thank you La Thai I can't wait to feel the burn again!Went back to La Thai... again, food and everything else was great except for the red velvet cake. It still tasted like freezer... how do you get away with freezer cake in the city of New Orleans? Call up Eat Nola in the quarter and get their recipie cause it is far superior to La Thai's store bought freezer cake!This place was one of four stops we made in our short pit stop in New Orleans.  They had mussels on the menu, and I was VERY, VERY excited to see that, because I have been obsessed with them lately.  So we ordered them and the bartender came back and told us they were out. :(  That was heart breaking, as we were on a mission to see how many places different places we could stop for mussels on our road trip from Florida back to Houston.  But that's oh kaaaaay, it happens.  What impressed me the most is that I asked if they had fresh jalapeno's, as I wanted them added to the drink I ordered.  They did not, but he said they had chili peppers and offered to make my drink with those instead.  It sounded interesting so I said heck yes!  And ooooh my gawd.  Was it delicious!  Thank you, bartender, for going out of your way for me!  You always get extra points in my book for being creative and willing to offer alternatives.  Great place, would love to come back when they have mussels.  They are made in a green curry cream sauce and that just sounds fantastic!I've been dining at La Thai since it was on Metairie Road, and have never been disappointed. The whole concept of "authentic" is kind of nonsense, considering we are NOT in (insert country here). It's good grub, and anywhere that puts crab on a dish three different ways, is good in my book.This was an amazing little find.  The food was absolutely delicious.   I feel like I had my first food porn ;) I will be back!   The atmosphere was charming and the staff was very attentive !Great atmosphere, but food is def below standard.  Not very good thai food, even the pad thai was just eh.Fantastic food and drinks. Such a popular Uptown spot. The redfish filet and the Chilean sea bass are incredible. You must visit this spot for dinner. One of my favorites.This used to be one of my favorite Thai restaurants and the Drunken Noodles was my go-to dish! The ambiance is still nice, but the consistency of the food has gone down. On my last couple of visits I was sorely disappointed with my meal. Once it was overpowered with lime and the second time it was bland and flavorless, another time it was overcooked. Not sure if they got a new chef or changed the recipe, but I have found a new place and won't be back, nor do I any longer recommend. Its too hit or miss.In town visiting for Thanksgiving week and found this place a short cab ride from the French Quarter.  
Both times we started off with the summer rolls with tofu (yes, we went twice in one week).  I had the masamam curry the first time and pad thai w/ tofu the second time.This was my first time at La Thai and probably my last. While the food was very good and not too expensive, the service was HORRIBLE. I went tonight (a Friday) with a group of about 8 other people. The restaurant itself was not excessively busy, and always had open tables. It looked like they had a rehearsal dinner going on in the other room, which may have been taking up all their man power, but management should have prepared for this by scheduling more front-of-house staff. Our server was very nice but it took about 20 minutes to get our first drinks. And even then only a couple of drinks would come or at a time. For example, I was about half-way through my beer before my friend got her first drink. Appetizers came out about 15 minutes later. Food took an hour at LEAST. Second drinks took almost 30 minutes, again in waves. Check was another 20 minutes. When a couple of people at the End of the table asked for checks, the server said "woah could you give me like 10 minutes?" I've never heard that before. What I hoped to be a 2-hour max dinner lasted well over 3 hours. It takes a lot for me to leave less than a 20% tip, but I basically felt like I had no choice.Let me be clear: this was the best thai in New Orleans. Since we live nearby we came here all the time. So, why the bad rating? What we loved (in addition to the food and cocktails) was the ability to sit outdoors. They had wonderful tables on the sidewalk. We LOVED this. Not only was the weather great 9 months out of the year for outdoor eating, but it was much quieter than inside. 
Recently, however, they got rid of the tables. I don't know why, but we haven't been back since. Until that changes, they have lost us as customers.Absolutely love this place! The ambiance is great! The food is delicious!!! I remember having difficulty finding a place to accommodate 20 people for my 40th birthday without having to book a private room. La Thai was very accommodating!!! I have been here several times for nursing education & with friends. I am never disappointed. I highly recommend it!!!Have been here for lunch over the years, or sat outside for dinner, but I don't think I've ever eaten inside the restaurant at night. This time, I am glad I did! The atmosphere was fun and had a nice vibe. The staff is made up of experienced, professional servers, not people in their first jobs. The food was excellent. Tom kar gai soup hit the mark. I got the mussels and frites appetizer as my entree, and it was hot, spicy, and very satisfying. Can't wait to go back!As far as service goes, I felt it was great.  The waitstaff was attentive and our food was brought out in a timely manner.  However, I was dining with a friend who works here so I know our treatment was extra special.  To drink I had two cucumber cosmos.  It is a traditional cosmo with muddled cucumber.  These were very refreshing and delicious.  For appetizers we had the LA oysters, the mussels, and the stuffed chicken wings.  The oysters were amazing and I really enjoyed those mussels.  It was my first time ever eating them.  I'm not a big chicken person so I don't think I'd order the wings again, but they were very tasty.  For my entree I had the spicy basil fried rice.  It was a HUGE portion.  I didn't even eat one fourth of the dish.  The rice was sooooo good and I'm pretty sure I had a dream about it last night.  I will definitely be back here.Friendly staff, great service. Beautiful decor. We were seated smack dab in the middle of the restaurant so we had full view of everything and everybody. Interesting little place and ambience depending upon where you are sitting- more on that in a minute... 
About the food: 
The spring rolls and peanut sauce were GREAT!
The shrimp pad Thai was very good compared to most I've had elsewhere. I asked for more peanuts, but I like a lot of peanuts. My friend had the chicken pad Thai and it received a half-hearted shrug.  
Now, more on the restaurant. Our seating was great. Being in the middle of the room, we had a bit of waiter traffic and it did seem to get a little noisy as the evening passed; however, as we were leaving we went to the restroom and I realized we had the best seats in the house. There are tables that are literally right outside the restroom doors. I couldn't believe there were people seated as closely as they were. I could smell the odor from the bathroom before I opened the door. I almost passed out at the thought of sitting near that smell. I would not have sat there if you PAID me to. 
Also, be careful where you park. We thought we'd park across the street in a parking lot and a cop pulled up as we were getting out and said we couldn't park there, it was for [insert business because I can't remember] customer parking only. (Although we didn't see any signage saying that, we may have just missed it.)I can't believe I never wrote a review about La Thai yet. Where have I been? 
Diana Chauvin came up with an interesting concept for a Thai restaurant. Love sitting outside with my girls and chit chatting with some good Thai cusine. Where are my smiley faces? Here she is :)
Really crave the coconut shrimp, calamari, sweet chilli sauce, crispy softshell crab, any and all stirfry's. 
The decor is really quaint and detailed. Love when they play music like Sade. There is also a room for private parties.The red curry Redfish special was loaded with crab,  crawfish,  shrimp and veggies.   To die for.I love La Thai on Tuesday nights!  It's social night, and that means all of their appetizers are $5 except for the ones normally priced at $12.  That still leaves about 7 choices!    All Stoli drinks are $5, and Abita beers are $2!
My only complaint with my visit last night was that service was EXTREMELY slow. This has never been an issue before, and I think it's now due to recent Groupons.  Restaurants still aren't realizing when they sell a million of these things, you need to staff more because you're going to get an initial rush of people using them.
As always, I got the mussels and fries.  The broth is thick and creamy, as it's made with coconut milk.  There's a mild curry flavor that really makes the dish.  Perfectly fried thin fries top it all off.  It's big enough for a meal (for me).  It's a bargain at $9 regularly...and only $5 on Tuesdays.
I also had the spring rolls.  They were good, but slightly chewy.
When I'm there for a full dinner, and not just appetizers, I usually choose the seafood curry.  It never disappoints.  
If you're looking to get your feet wet and try La Thai, there's just no reason not to try it on a Tuesday night.  Order the entire appetizer menu!
P.S.  I was disappointed last night to learn that they no longer carry 14 Hands cabernet, which is my favorite red wine in the $6-$8 a glass price range.THE most unauthentic Thai food I've ever had and quite frankly it was terrible.  They've catered their food to a very American taste.  What's the point of having a Thai restaurant if you're gonna shake up the flavors?  Definitely not on my list of go-to Thai restaurants here in New Orleans.Yummy and Delish! Wait on a Friday night at 7:30p was 30 minutes...reasonable. Staff at bar and table were wonderful. Will be back often.The food was thai fusion.  Decent, but not authentic.  Little on the sweet side  for my taste.  Had the garlic beef and pad thai.  The appetizers were very good.  Coconut shrimp, stuffed wings were very good.  Dessert sticky rice was very good.  Did not like the hot sour soup.  Like the atmosphere, but wouldn't seek this place out again.great environment!! the thai tea is really good!!! i recommend the stuffed chicken wings!! but the pai thai i ordered is just ok, too dry...Was in on a Saturday night at 7:00pm. Full house, great food, and even better service. Our server was Cory. We were celebrating a birthday, not only did he take care of one of the birthday girl's cocktails, he also brought out a dessert with candle and sang happy birthday. Overall, a great experience and we will be back,i love this place!! i come here pretty often. my school is just a few streets down, so it's an easy spot when we need something to eat. i tried a good amount of the menu. the shu mai are okay. they definitely need to be dipped in the sauce for flavor though. the stuffed chicken wings are awesome, and the calamari is amazing. (a must-try.) the chilean sea bass here is also soo good. the fish is so flaky and good. pad thai and drunken noodles here are pretty standard and always a solid choice. although they do drunken noodles a bit differently. i recently got paht soon sen (glass noodles) and i loved it! i think it has better flavor than the other noodles. but, all in all, la thai is a great place to get your thai food fix.Even more stars!
The owner (I think) was our server. 
He was very laid back and nice.
He asked how hot I wanted my green curry.
I went with medium but asked for extra rice, and he even put extra rice in my go-box. 
Having him as our server gave the place a warm neighborhood feel.
Plus, the green curry was just as good as I remembered.
He said the kitchen got excited to spice things up!
I would probably skip the fried oyster appetizer next time to try something else. 
Another highlight was the "Trash man" was there from TLC. I had never heard of our local celebrity turned reality show TV star. But, there was the trash man sitting with his entourage. My friend had to explain who his Royal Highness of the Trash was.Have only been here once before a couple months ago for dinner and ordered the pad thai and drunken noodles which were pretty good. This review though is based solely on their apps. We are regulars on Tuesday nights for their $5 appetizer specials were are delissshhh. The mussels are really good and come with a side of fries which are perfect for dipping into the sauce leftover from the mussels. The stuffed chicken wings, coconut shrimp as well as the shu Mai dumplings are also good. Not a huge fan of the summer rolls as they are pretty bland. Overall I would definitely recommend this spot if ur looking for a late night place to grab some cheap apps (only on Tuesdays so they have the special) that taste good as well. Their desserts are delicious as well, especially the chocolate cake.We hadn't eaten here in a while and have no excuse for not doing so.  I was craving a soft shell crab and fondly remembered their signature entree - crab 3 ways.  The soft shell was one of the best I've ever eaten!  The crab cake was excellent, and my fav. desert, banana crepes, was delicious.  Just a wonderful meal, start to finish.  I'm actually embarrassed that we don't eat there more often!
The only caveat!  The crab cake and crab 3 ways is served over a very sweet sauce which might not be everyone's cup of tea.  I love it but some may fined it distracting from the taste of the main ingredient.It's a rare event to write a bad review, especially on the same day but this was ridiculous especially on a personal day for me.
So I decided to get some Thai food after a movie and found LA Thai very close so I took a stroll.
It was just myself so the host set me up at the bar. It was pretty busy but I saw busier in my foodie lifetime so cool, let me get my fixin's. 
First it took about 10+ mins to even get acknowledged. I didn't take it personal because it seemed like the 2nd half of the bar which was near the entrance didn't get any looks which is odd cause it was closest to the entrance which means busier service. So after I got the waitress/bartender's attn I was told to repeat my drink order. That's rare so my alarm antenna sprouted up but kept it cool. 20+ mins goes by, I got water which I didn't ask for and the bar on the 2nd half all got there drinks earlier than I did... So that irked me out.
When the waitress brought out my food, I had to remind her that I never received my drink which was ordered like 25 mins ago. Sad but a few people left on my side because they didn't get service per complaints I overheard and the couple next to me who were there didn't even get there food yet.
Pardon as this is typed longer than expected, so to shorten it up, 10 mins after I got my food, I received my non-exciting drink which was green tea martini and yes I had others at restaurants. The other couple were pissed, asked for boxes and left. My food the Phan Woon sen tasted salty as if the sauce was from the corner store, I had no tray cloth for my plate, and the waitress really just sucked at her job.
I'm a good tipper but she really barely just got the 18% pretax tip, and I kinda felt bad but everyone behind that bar didnt show up at all.
As said, I saw better service with less workers and bigger place.
So 2 stars without a return is what they are getting. And all I have to say is... Pay attn to the bar.So I wanted to try this place out on a heavily rainy day. I was surprised how busy they are even after lunch hours. We were greeted immediately, and I ordered my usual drink which was a thai tea. I carefully skimmed through the menu and was disappointed to see nothing interested me. So after that,  I just ordered what the waitress recommended to me, which by the way was drunken noodles. Thai tea was good, but not excellent. Food came out pretty quick, and it smells amazing. First thought, wow this is a huge portion for a lunch special! I took my first bite, and oh boy, it was good! Didn't I mention I am not a stir-fried noodle dish fan? The dish was amazing. It was very flavorful, a perfect combination of sweetness and spiciness. I consumed my whole plate quickly. The more I consumed, the more accurate I feel about the taste. It was getting more saltier and saltier every bite. So that was one negativity about it. However overall, it was a good dish. Definitely better than other places. Service was typical and friendly. My boyfriend also ordered the peppermint chicken. That was good also, but we both didn't like how they used chopped chicken, instead of thinly cut ones. I would definitely come back sometimes, but in my opinion, everything was too expensive for an "ordinary" thai restaurant.The curry and the dipping sauce that came with the appetizer were so sweet I couldn't eat them. Really disappointing.I don't like writing bad reviews. It makes me feel guilty. However, the more i think about last night's meal, the more disappointed I am. With so many wonderful dining options, each subpar meal feels like a wasted opportunity.  That said, where's the best place for Thai food around here? Seriously, I'm asking. I usually go somewhere that's good but not great, so I thought I'd try to find something better. This wasn't it. I was in the mood for curry, so I ordered massaman curry with tofu and vegetables. We started with shumai, which were unusually large, dense, and lukewarm. The curry itself was cloyingly sweet. I understand it's made with coconut milk and should have some sweetness to it, but this was overboard. The dish was unevenly heated as well, as if it had been warmed in a microwave before serving. The worst part was that half the tofu tasted like a freezer. It was a terrible surprise because the first few triangles were soft and fine, and then I bit into something that tasted like freezer burn. I brushed it off, but then it happened again with a hard piece of tofu. By then I'd eaten half the dish so I didn't feel right sending it back. I ended up nibbling off a corner of each piece of tofu before eating it and setting aside the ones that tasted like freezer. I pointed it out to our server, who was nice enough to comp our starter as an apology (not like it was his fault, but kind nonetheless) but that won't stop me from warning anyone who might want to order the same dish.First thing to know is that they are not trying to be authentic Thai food.  They are striving for a blend of NOLA & Thai.  Sometimes they are successful but sometimes they're not.  I do think the prices are a little high.Meh. Went there with friends. Ordered apps and meals and they were delivered like McDonalds. Fast. There was no side sauce for the chicken satay. Pad soon den was oily. Not a fan!Why is it so hard for your food to be served spicy? 
I decided to try the Drunken Noodles which was recommended by many others on Yelp. As a naturally spicy dish and someone who likes things to be on fire, I asked the waitress just how hot they can make it. "We can make it as hot as you want, 'Thai Hot' is the hottest." Ok great, let's do that, as hot as you will possibly serve a dish here; needless to say I was excited since their Thai food came so highly rated as well.
The dish was not the least bit hot and was actually more sweet like Pad Thai instead. I can understand it not being as hot as I like, but the Chef must have completely ignored the waitress and served it as plain as it's normally served without any kick whatsoever. At that point I was just hungry and ate it anyway. The dish itself was Ok and the shrimp was good in it but not at all what I wanted (or had asked for very clearly). I would give it another chance but there are enough other Thai restaurants to keep me busy for a while before I return. 
As many others have suggested, the food is more modern Thai fusion rather than authentic Thai, which isn't a bad thing, but know what you want before coming here looking for authentic.This food was fairly good, but the atmosphere made it a great spot for a date! It was classy with a fresh flower on every table, yet still family friendly. It wasn't too loud or crowded, and there is a bar in the corner. This, too, is another spot that locals frequent. The Tom Yum Goong soup had large shrimp and a strong lemongrass flavor. It was probably the best thing I had. We ordered steamed dumplings which were average, but the dipping sauce was very good. The spring rolls were typical too. The cashew stir fry chicken was flavorful and good, though not superior to many other Thai places I have eaten. The portion size was generous though, and I had plenty to take home as leftovers. The best menu item to me was the sticky mango rice, which we had for dessert. It was topped with a cream sauce, mango and strawberries. It would be worth the visit just for the atmosphere and dessert!Thai purists probably will not like La Thai. I suppose its menu falls under the category of Asian fusion, but for me their dishes work. Good food, good location, nice atmosphere, and a nice cocktail list with reasonable prices.Very tasty Thai-fusion.    Upbeat and swanky.....A bit different from an authentic Thai restaurant, but in a good way.   The coconut shrimp were delicious!   Perfectly crispy with a sweet and savory glaze on top.  The Drunken Noodles was a great mashup of flavor.  There were huge shrimp cooked perfectly that tasted almost like they had been dropped in a Nola crawfish boil.   The Spicy Thai Basil fried rice was quite yummy....but be careful, when choosing the heat level, "Thai spicy" is a little too spicy....I'd order as is and not try to make it hotter!  Too much spice masked the true flavor of the dish!Food was good, service was slow. They weren't busy and we waited for almost 20 minutes for refills. They also don't split checks which was an additional aggravation.La Thai is a beautiful restaurant - charming, inviting and contemporary. If I was basing my review on the ambience, La Thai would receive a solid four stars. However, this review is strictly on its food. I understand La Thai is not supposed to be authentic. However, I think that if you stray from authenticity, you had better modernize the food and make it better. That's where I think La Thai falls short. I think the foods could use a more distinct pop of flavor. Thai food, to me, is an explosion in your mouth. It's complex - spicy, sweet, sour - all in one bite. However, the presentation of the food at La Thai is nice. But I prefer not to forsake flavor for aesthetics.Our group ordered appetizers.  We had some kind of sliced chicken that was good.  The spring rolls were mostly 'roll' with not enough stuffing, and they tasted more like cooking oil than spring roll.  The summer rolls were bland with inadequate sauce to add flavor.
I ordered Seafood scallops, hot and sour soup and Yum salad.  The salad was bland and only had a few chunks of Brussels sprouts.  The soup was delicious.  The scallops dish was supposed to come with asparagus.  The portion size disappointed me.  The 4 scallops were large but they were undercooked and very chewy.  The 3 shrimp were small but cooked perfectly.  The sauce they were prepared in was very good.  I don't care for bell peppers so I always order any dish without them.  The dish came with bell peppers, and they were not on the menu.  The chewy scallops and bell peppers with no asparagus ruined the dish for me.  It took quite some time for a server to return to our table of 7.  Not really attentive enough in my opinion.  When she did finally return, I mentioned the bad food.  She did offer to replace it, but it was too late.
I sure expected more.It was love at first sight! Immediately upon walking into La Thai- I fell in love. The decor warms my heart and makes me feel at home. When I dine out, I typically opt to sit at the bar (hey what can I say- I'm a bar fly!). I generally dine at La Thai during lunch time because it can get pretty crazy in there for dinner. The staff is great and don't be surprised if one of the two owners comes out to greet you and offer you an appetizer or dessert on the house. Talk about GREAT customer service?!
On to my favorite dishes: The Eggplant and Shrimp appetizer is one of the best, as is the stuffed chicken wings. How do they stuff chicken wings?! 
The Pad Thai is a restaurant staple and don't hesitate to ask them to replace the noodles with Glass Noodles. I haven't had anything there I didn't like, but my least favorite dish was the Crawfish Tycoon. It was way too spicy and over powered my palette. Oh! And let me not forget to mention that they have the best moscato ever at their bar! I had to hunt it down and order a couple of bottles. Don't believe me? Just go and check it out for yourself and tell them I sent ya :)Not the best Thai restaurant around, but it's great for those new to Thai food since it offers a more modern and contemporary twist on authentic Thai food.  First off, I loveee the atmosphere of La Thai because it's so contemporary.  Also, one of the servers definitely served as me and my friend's eye candy for lunch. He was supermodel gorgeous!  Anyways back to the review.  I've been to La Thai a couple of times: once for a private party and twice for casual dining.  I've had pleasant experiences each time I've come here.  Here's a couple of items I've tried:
Chef's spicy and sour soup- I was expecting a Tom Yum soup from most Thai restaurants, but this was completely different! It was good, but tasted like a Vietnamese soup that my mom makes with beef, potatoes, and carrots, but it wasn't.   
Calamari- They give a pretty generous portion and is served with a sweet chili sauce.  It was definitely satisfying.
Pad Thai- I find their Pad Thai to only be mediocre.  I've definitely had better.
Drunken Noodles- Better than the Pad Thai but still not the best.  But don't get me wrong, they are good.
Fried oysters- I only had one bite since I was so full!  But the one bite I had was really good! Its served with white rice,a sweet sauce, and veggies.
Sticky rice mango- DELISH!! As always. I've yet to try a sticky rice and mango dish I haven't liked! I love this dessert because its such a contrast to all the heavy Thai food you eat as entrees, that its the perfect complement for dessert! Consistently refreshing and light!
La Thai is not the place you go for authentic Thai food, so if that's your calling, then this place will be a hit for you.  Personally, I'm more into the authentic stuff; it just tastes so much better!  Most likely I will be back because it's near my school, but it's for sure not the best in town.The food is excellent! The interior is gorgeous, & the service is good.Excellent service and food! Was able to order more traditional fare even though it was not on the menus. Today is my second day in a row here! Also the LA THAI 75 is an amazing little cocktail. Very affordable prices and the pretty ambiance of a single fresh rose on the table and cool blue and complementary hues on the walls and decor. Fast east take out as well as table service.We were craving pad thai and came across this place. We made reservations for 5pm and arrived early. Folks were already waiting to get in. A good sign.  Nicely greeted and promptly seated dinner was off to a good start. And they were showing the Steelers game. The decor was nice, more of a modern Thai fusion restaurant. We ordered the coconut shrimp, shu mai and the stuff chicken wings. All were delicious. We could have ordered two of each dish and made it a meal. For the main dish we had the Chilean sea bass, cashew chicken stir fry and pineapple fried rice. Careful, the fried rice is not as much as it looks as it sits in half a pineapple. Pretty price for fried rice. It was okay. The shrimp made it worth it..just wish it had more than three. Definitely needs more pineapple chunks as well. The sea bass was cooked perfectly.  Not a typical Thai dish but very good. The chicken cashew was good. The only recommendation is less sauce. The sauce is very soupy so eventually you end up drinking chicken strips. Overall, a great place with great service and excellent food. I can see why folks like to come here for happy hour. Bookmarked! #nola #thaifood #neworleansdining
9/5/2015
Yeah don't come here when it's busy. An hour for pineapple fried rice not worth the wait.I read people's reviews here and was really excited to try it out. I was disappointed. It might have just been a bad day or what I ordered but I probably won't be coming here again. 
I ordered for pick up and they were very prompt. I had the Drunken Noodles and Red Curry. The chicken was rubbery, the flavor was off and the noodles were disappointingly dry. 
If I do try it again I might dine in to see if that's what makes the difference. 
Buen Provecho.Five stars goes out to the wonderful waitress we had, she was so nice, chatty, and very accommodating. She knew one of our friend we had dine with. And she gave us some shrimp & fried eggplant and it was divine. The sauce was really good! Sadly, I forgot to ask her name :c
We order fried calamari, pad Thai and drunken noodles. No restaurant/food industry should mess up on calamari. So the calamari was good. I seen the older reviews about the pad Thai  and how it was dry, this time it wasn't dry. It was perfect. The drunken noodles were good as well, not dry. HOWEVER, the only reason why I didn't give this place 5 stars was bc the corn in the pad Thai & drunken noodles were bad. Like they tasted sour. Yuck..!The food here is delectable! This is a classy eatery that features the some of the best Thai food in New Orleans (thus far). 
The prices are slightly higher than I would like, but the food is so good that it's worth it. Also factor in that the portions are sizable, meaning that you get every penny's worth. The basis of my review is the Pad Thai. If you can't get the national dish right, then I don't want to try anything else on the menu. Here, I was pleasantly pleased. The food was fresh and well seasoned, mixing a precious blend of Louisiana spicy with Thai seasonings. 
The owners are out and about, often helping out where necessary; they're very personable. For example, on one of my visits, asked my opinion of the food and whether or not I would come back. 
Oh and they offer a 10-15% discount to Tulane students. Not bad in my book!My husband and I have only lived in New Orleans for 2 months and have eaten here twice. Both times the service and the meals have been outstanding. The soft shell crab entree is so light and delicious that it melts in your mouth. My husband got the crab cake and it was better than the soft shell crab dish! It was accompanied by an amazing thai sauce which complimented it perfectly. I cannot believe that out of all the places we have tried in New Orleans a Thai restaurant ended up being the best one thus far! We can't wait to go back.Good service.Loud atmosphere. My tuna entree was not cooked well and very bland. It was to be served with vegetables, which I was expecting steamed or sauted but instead served on top of a small salad. Steak was just ok,small. I think the eggrolls were out of a box,not much filling and they were tight on the sauce. I dont eat oysters but I will say these were so breaded that I couldnt even tell what was in the middle. Pricey. Not willing to give it a second chance. Better off cookin' at home!You know how much I enjoy La Thai (if not, see previous review).
So when friends asked if we should go to Sukho Thai I obviously pointed them toward La Thai. I think if something is done right why mess with it.
The place was packed. Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves.The appetizers we all split- omg! The vegetarian spring roll appetizer wasn't too oily, wasn't too peppery, it really was just right. I got the Masaman curry again and it was just as good as I remembered. The veggies are just so crisp, cooked perfectly. The curry sauce is perfect.  The boyfriend got the scallops and since his meal came out last they gave him an extra scallop. They were huge and he loved his meal- made me try the basil sauce- ohh soo good. Two friends both enjoyed their meal but they reported that the noodles weren't spicy or spiced enough. 
Now, on to the service. We had one waiter walk by and pour some water and ask if we had any questions (not our regular waiter). A friend asked about the curries and the waiter said he would cook up some green curry and bring it right out. Well, by the time we were supposed to order the curry wasn't out so we all went ahead and ordered. A few minutes later this waiter brought out a chicken and beef green curry whole meal and split it with the table giving our friends a taste. How awesome is that? 
So, La Thai, you do it again. Friendly, helpful wait staff and quality food will bring me coming back for more and more and more and more....The food is pretty good, but the restaurant always smells like rotten fish. Not in a "oh they have seafood here" (like at sushi places), but more like "did they leave a fish in the AC unit?" If you can get past the smell or order take out, its pretty good. Recommend the drunken noodles and paht thai.Great Thai food. A little on the pricier side but the food, service and atmosphere will not disappoint you. Recommended!La Thai has been a very consistent restaurant for me. The Thai dishes are Americanized, as noted before by many reviewers. I especially like their take on green curry, and I remember enjoying the glass noodles. There is a sizable vegetarian selection, and most of the times I have been, the service has been good-to-great (on one trip, however, I had a server I'm sure we somehow offended because she visited us 3 times total and had the vocal delivery of Ben Stein stoned). The restaurant is average in most respects meaning you know what you're getting and don't expect too much. Most prices are reasonable (some skew too high), and the decor is top-notch.We all know this old adage: "Don't judge a book by it's cover."  It's advice that has managed to kick me in the butt time and time again, and that definitely applies to restaurants.  The unassuming strip mall joint with a basic yellow sign that simply reads "THAI" and has a no-frills dining room will sometimes deliver the best of what that cuisine has to offer.  An upscale atmosphere and a Garden District location does not always guarantee a great meal, an example of which being La Thai's Uptown location.
My date and I visited on a Saturday evening during which we were craving Thai.  La Thai had been on our to-try list for a while, so we decided to give it a go.  
The interior boasts a chic, contemporary atmosphere, and there is a very nice lounge area around the bar with comfy, plush seating.  Moody lighting throughout invokes a romantic vibe.  The waitstaff was pleasant enough and knowledgeable with the menu.  So, the place maintains some points for atmosphere and service.
Unfortunately, a restaurant cannot get by on these things alone.  At the end of the day, it's the food that's going to ensure that I make a return visit, and dinner here just wasn't up to par with other Thai establishments that I've been to.
We started our meal with the summer rolls.  It's the typical roll with steamed rice paper and veggies with a protein, in this case shrimp.  The rolls themselves didn't have a whole lot of flavor, but the deliciously spicy peanut sauce made up for it.  
As an entree, both my date and I ordered the Paht Woo Sen.  This is an item that you will find on any Thai menu, and I've had it at every Thai restaurant that I've been to so far. Though some are better than others, all have been good...with the exception of La Thai.  The glass noodles where clumpy and stuck together, as if they had been overcooked.  I liked the combination of chicken and shrimp that is offered, but I found a large piece of gristle in my chicken which was a huge turn off.  The sauce had a bit too much lime for my taste.
In summary, La Thai is less about serving good Thai food and more about being a chic, happening joint for the Uptown crowd to see and be seen.  Perhaps if they spent less time fussing over decor and more time perfecting their menu, they may have an establishment that I'm interesting in making a return visit to.  However, there are too many other, better Thai restaurants within a shorter driving distance for this to be the case.Attempted to eat here tonight (on a Sunday).  I got there 15 min. before opening and sat outside with my small dog in my lap.  Other people came, as did the owner/wife.  They let the other people in and I asked if it was ok if I stayed outside, because of the dog..I was planning on sitting on the sidewalk.  I got a smile and a nod, which I'm giving the benefit of not hearing me and just being polite. 10 min after the official opening at 5 pm, and no service, I called to ask if I could get some service outside.  I was rudely told I had to come in to get a table, and as I was explaining I had a dog, the lady hung up on me.  She did come out and gave me a menu and said a server would be with me.  I was given a glass of water and fork /napkin.    After another 20 min and no further service, I got up and left.  I can understand if a restaurant doesn't want to serve people with animals, but as they have 4 outside tables on the sidewalk, and I sat at one on the end, where the dog couldn't get to any other people.I thought I would be ok.   No one ever mentioned not allowing animals or any other reason why I wasn't being taken care of.  45 minutes total waiting there.  I won't be back.I can say by far, this is the best Thai I've had in New Orleans. The attention to detail suggested a much more upscale environment than the pricing would suggest. Menu prices are reasonable, but drinks get pricey, our dinner for 2 ran us around $65 which included 1 cocktail and 1 glass of wine. The dishes we ordered, including the appetizer were full of flavor with subtle nuances of spice. Portion size was substantial, and the wait-staff were attentive but not helicoptering. 
If you plan to dine after 7, my suggestion is to make a reservation, because it fills up quickly with neighborhood locals. Parking is a challenge, but if you are from here or visit here enough, you probably already expect that.
Where I was unable to give La Thai that 5th star was the fact that it promotes itself as Cajun Thai. And yes, there's options on the menu that contain crawfish, and the seafood options are plentiful - it takes more than that in my opinion to make that leap to being a Cajun restaurant. Spice is inherent in Thai food, as it is in Cajun cuisine - if there was a melding of that heat, I would've been more impressed. 
This was still the best Thai I've had in years, and I wouldn't hesitate to return, and I would hesitate to suggest it to visitors coming into town. It's in a beautiful area of Uptown; the staff are friendly and accommodating, and the food was delicious. It's a recipe that works, why not partake?Can't believe I just tried this place a few days ago! I have really been missing out since the food is DELICIOUS. Came for an office birthday lunch and I ordered the crispy oysters entree from the lunch menu. The entree is served in a bowl with fried oysters, shrimp, and lump crab in a flavorful sauce with a scoop of white rice. I also had the mango coconut sticky rice which was yummy and I am still craving it today. The service was great and efficient for our large party. Met the owner, Diana, who is a sweetheart. I will be back next week!A little bit of a modern take on the Thai food that I usually get.  I'm not too adventurous, so I stuck to the pad thai dish that I typically order.  La Thai surprised me with a slightly spicy yet sweet version that I really liked.  The drinks were fabulous.Want to get stoned at La Thai Uptown?
I have long been on the fence about this place. The food is not authentic, and the flavors are pedestrian. The service is always slow. And forget about getting a good meal at a good price. The prices are high and not warranted by the quality of ingredients. But it's a local joint and better than some of the other close by options. That was until my order of Pad Woon Sen came with a 1/2 inch long rock in it--the same color as the noodles. I bit down hard onto it and am now needing a dental appointment. When I contacted the restaurant, I received a brief apology, but that's it.  No offer to pay for the meal. No volunteering to find out what happened. No offering to pay for my dental bill.  I let them know I would need to post a review on Yelp. Their response?  Tumbleweeds.  Nothing.
Eat at this place at your own risk.3.5/5 not bad
i've been here a couple times + takeout, and it's been solid each time. they have a pretty generic menu with a few things i gravitate towards. folks may initially move towards pad thai, but i find theirs on the dry side. their fried rice is not bad - it's a house portion so the order is enough for dining and for lunch the next day. the calamari is also decent - lightly battered and actually tastes like, you know, seafood. i think the thing that impressed me the most recently was actually an appetizer - a mussel dish with curry. comes with fries, and oh man, that itself is actually enough for dinner. i generally love mussels, so that hooks me right there, but the broth has that great twist and it's a sizable portion that clears under $10. 
the staff are friendly and attentive - last time we went it was a pretty busy night (dine out for life) and got a free round of wine. guess they were feeling good at the end of the evening, and we were too!Very nice interior restaurant very upscale but still down to earth. The appetizer: coconut shrimp was great and good tasting. The three way crab dish was awesomeLa Thai is closing. Good riddens.  It doesn't surprise me and the neighborhood won't be missing much.  So, here's what's coming:
Two Donald Link chefs are taking over the space.  From Eater New Orleans:
"Diana Chauvin-Gallé is the chef and co-owner of the Uptown building along with her husband, former WDSU weatherman Jay Gallé. Nola.com reports that the couple will maintain ownership of the space and lease it to two veterans of Donald Link's restaurant group. According to a pending liquor license for 4938 Prytania Street, the restaurant will be called Costera.
Chauvin-Gallé's mother, Pannee Varnishung, came to New Orleans in the 1970s, opening Mai Tai on the West Bank, considered to be the first Thai restaurant in the area. The family also operated Bangkok Cuisine in Mid City for more than 25 years until Hurricane Katrina forced its closure in 2005. The family opened La Thai in January 2008.
Excitingly, Chauvin-Gallé is working on restaurant dedicated to Northern Thai and Laotian street food, and hopes to open in the spring.