Very good. Fast seating. Service was very good but it took awhile for our food to come out. Red beans and rice and crab cakes were amazing.Service was GREAT! Food....meh. Jambalaya was almost room temperature and no okra at all. Won't be back.We had reservations for Easter dinner. Service was slow and we felt forgotten. We ordered the BBQ Oysters, loaded mash and crab cake to share. The oysters were good although the toast was literally a sliver, the loaded mash was very small and the crab cake was luke warm.  Disappointing.My husband and I ate here today. It was so good. It wasn't our original plan to stop there but the business across the street was out of oysters. ( oyster house?)
So, we decided to go to Landry's. Wonderful and friendly staff. The food was amazing. The oysters we had were spot on what we wanted. It was our last stop before heading out of town. I forgot our waitresses name but she was great. Very friendly. 
We also got the bananas fosters cake. For $13 it's a huge piece. And so good! 
Thanks Landry's we will be back.We try to eat somewhere special on our last night of a trip. This was our first visit to New Orleans. We started by looking for a Landry's restaurant since we are club members. When this place popped up we made reservations. 
We were seated at a table in the bar area. We requested a low top instead of a high top table on the reservation. Don't make this mistake. The high top tables are the ones beside the window that overlooks the river. Our server's name was Erica and she was an absolute delight. She made our dining experience very enjoyable. 
I started with the Captain's punch which contained rum, banana, peach, and tropical juices. It was very good. The blackened redfish etouffee with creole green beans and dirty rice sounded amazing so that's what I ordered. It was delicious. 
We had a great last night in NOLA with our special dinner. This will be a must on return trips.Rating were good. But still waiting for our dinner .   Extremely slow service ..appetizer and drinks were mediocre at best .  Was really looking forward to this meal. But would never recommend . Hope dinner shows up before sunrise ..Aaaaah man Landry's seafood House was awesome.  Me and my fiancé sat upstairs by the window and had a nice view of the water.  Our server Nathan was great and very attentive as well.  The bartender made amazing drinks and the food was on point!  We had the crab cake, oysters and a shrimp poy boy.  Everything was made exceptionally well! Definitely a must visit when in NAWLINS!We had a vow renewal and made reservations for a party of 21, the general manager was very accommodating and super pleasant. Our servers were Fernandez and Katrina, they were BEYOND AMAZING!! Seriously the best service we ever received. I was impressed by the general managers attention to detail. The food was delicious, the view was amazing, and I will definitely return.Just grabbed a beer - was going to have a snack but the person next to me was doing business and every other word was F _ck!!  Now I used that word often -- has a great ring to it and it's one of my favorite words ... drives the pint home quite well . However they were a little over the top and the bartenders fell into it encouraging the discussion- lots of loud trash talking -- Happy Hour Prices upstairs but not at the main bar - didn't tell me but shared with other customers that came in after me. Disappointing at best.We used to go to Landry's in the French Quarters. It was one of our go to places during Jazz Fest. We noticed that it has re-opened on the north east side of the Jax Brewery Building. It looked good because it had an upstairs and an outside seating that overlooked the Mississippi River. That was the pros. Now the cons. When the hostess seated us she cleared the table but never came back to wipe it. There were no place settings and no dishes. Even though they were not busy everything took forever. When the crab bisque came out it was lukewarm as was the char broiled oysters. The oysters were seasoned with  way to much salt. We ordered bruschetta six oysters 2 cups of bisque and a beer. The bill was $77. Ouch. Too many great restaurants with great service and great food for far less money. Will not be back.My and my friend went there for dinner and our waitress YaYa gave excellent customer services and made sure we were happy. So if you ever go there ask for YaYaIyanna Roberts was our waitress and she was fantastic.  Yaya was very knowledgeable in reference to the food and drink menu.  Yaya anticipated our every need.  She checked on us continuously throughout our meal.  She kept our drinks topped off.  I look forward to having Iyanna as our waitress again.  Iyanna is a valuable asset to the Landry's team.Go to the second floor bar over looking the river - the service with Rickey is fantastic - the oysters are amazing and the happy hour is worth the timeGreat for food allergies! The manager came to take our order to ensure that the kitchen knew. She made specific suggestions, and we we're thrilled with our meals. Definitely will be back.Sitting in the downstairs bar and they refuse to close the door. It's freezing out and 60 degrees in the restaurant. They don't care people are walking out because it's coldWe walked in as a party of 7 and sat on the outside patio overlooking the Mississippi River! From the time we walked in, to the time we left, we had nothing but positive vibes from the whole experience!! The food was good, but our server Fernandez was absolutely AMAZING!!! I hope management recognizes what an amazing person they have working for them! Will definitely return when I come back to NOLA!!!We had the burger with avocado, chicken Alfredo . It's kind of a general selection but it was really good and the service was delightfulEverything about this place was AMAZING! We made reservations for the balcony and had dinner at 7-it was great! We were able to enjoy great food & cocktails while watching the sunset and had the Mississippi River to the right of us. ALL the staff we came in contact with were SO nice and engaged in conversation with all of us. I'd highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking to visit the French quarter. They are also kid friendly and had a great kids menu to choose from.This was the best service we've had in a very long time. With a party of 7, we know its going to be difficult to get seating snd srrvice, especially during Matdi Gras, but we were seated immediately, and I asked for a view and got that too. Steven, our waiter, was OUTSTANDING. He was very knowlegable about the menu and make suggestions for dessert. He was completely professional in his delivery of food items and graciously retrieved extra drinks and sauces for us. We'll definitely be bsck next year. Chris, the manager was also very accommodating and gracious. He stopped by our table a few times to make sure our visit was perfect. Completely pleased with the generous food portions and tasty food.  This is a must visit restaurant and nar in New Orleans. I would give 10 stars!Nothing really went right during this experience. Ignored by wait staff, wrong food given, exceptionally slow service, over 1 hr to receive water after placing food order.  As a life long resident of New Orleans I normally try to avoid tourist focused restaurants like this, and tonight confirmed the reason whyI have been to New Orleans before but this was the first time eating at Landry's Seafood. I was glad I did! Being from the south I love fried seafood, here I had the seafood platter which had fried fish, shrimp  and oysters with french fries and onion strings. Delicious! Had plenty to eat. Steven our server was fantastic! Next time I visit New Orleans, I will definitely eat at Landry's again.Landry's was a great seafood restaurant with a good view of the square! The service was fast and very kind. Our waitress let us sample all these different sauces for our meals and served us so much bread! I ordered the Shrimp Etouffe, very good but I wish the portion size was larger. Overall, good dining experience with a perfect location.Underwhelmed and overpriced. 
For a spot on the river, the location is great. Also way better than anything in Jackson Brewing (aka a food court). 
We're not blaming anyone, but the food was whatever.  The crab bruschetta was good but only 3 portions which was awkward for our group of 4. The burgers were good portion sized, but when the waitress confirmed medium rare three times and they came out as well done ... we had to say something. The manager nicely offered us new plates, but it wasn't that big a deal.  I will say the onion straws were on point and plentiful. 
Everything else on the menu was maybe a million dollars ... well over $22 so it wasn't worth it. 
I've heard great things about Landry's, knowing it was a bit pricey, but my visit here was disappointing.  Plus we heard our waitress arguing with the original waitress whom she "took" our table from. Awkward.Yaya did her thing she is bomb dot com!! Wonderful personality. Confidence. Humorous. Well-informed. Great food. Great drinks. Go see my girl.Baby the food was definitely GREAT  our waitress Courtney did a great job making sure we ordered the best and we definitely did omg the food and drink was soooooooo next time I'm n New Orleans this will be my first stop.  IFood was great! I had the shrimp Bon Temps w okra. Reeeeelly good. Building and atmosphere was great. We sat upstairs by a window overlooking the street. Was really cool.This weekend a group of friends and I are visiting New Orleans for a birthday celebration. We decided to stop into Landry's  for a drink and ended up staying for several hours because the bartender, Kelcey was outstanding! The service and drinks were amazing and would definitely recommend this restaurant! We will definitely be coming backI've been here twice to sit at the bar and have drinks and small plates with friends. The bar staff is very fun and entertaining. Vince is a sweetheart and he has good stories and great oysters!! Would recommend for a midday snack and drink stop or for full on dinner.YaYa was the best waitress in the world. She let us kno the best entrees and appetizers. She was personable and had a super positive attitude!!Customer service here was outstanding! We were greeted and seated by the Assundra, the manager. Desiree our server was so friendly and helpful! She gave us drink suggestions that were spot on. There was a new bartender in training so one drink ended up a little less than desirable. The server actually had the manager remake the drink ( this due to several years as a bartender herself) and this was a complete difference. The drink was amazing! I ordered shrimp and grits (this Bama girl loves shrimp and grits by the way) unfortunately the manager came out promptly after ordering to let me know they had run out of the sauce that goes in the dish, she actually went back and made me the dish with a marinara sauce and put it all together for me at the table! Again the dish was AMAZING I ate every single bite! These 2 employees went above and beyond to make sure our experience was excellent!Stanley the man is an amazing server!! Very helpful, attentive, and told it like it is about the menu.
 He gave great suggestions for food options as well as drinks.  The food we had was the best ever..If you come In You must ask for him. 
Come eat and drink at this Resturant..Ridiculously slow service. Waited over an hour and a half for our meals to come out. The manager was completely incompetent and too inexperienced to be a manager of a restaurant. There was an overwhelming amount of staff with no customers, and our server was the bar tender, on a Saturday.  She wasn't busy and stood there doing nothing with the rest of the staff. The Brabant potatoes were a total disappointment, the shrimp Cesar is the size of a side salad and 5 shrimp, that wasn't blackened, with none of the ingredients described on the menu. The oyster Rockefeller was amazing but this place does not need to be in business.Only stopped here for an appetizer but it was amazing. Crawfish toasts I highly recommendWe had a great meal overlooking Lake Pontchartrain. They have another location in the French Quarter. The service was just a little slow and it took a while to get our entrees. But the food was excellent and the presentation was very nice. There were lots of options including a gluten sensitive menu. Worth a visit!Daisy J with the awesome tatts on her arms is super friendly. Her manager also came by and asked how our service is and if anything she could do to make it better. We responded with Daisy J is fantastic... friendly... has amazing hospitality and she deserves a raise. We asked for  recommendations of the food and she gave he best description for us. We are from out of town and his place had great music and view from anywhere you sit. Definitely come back for more if you want great food... drinks... and selections for a great price with great service!I had the shrimp and catfish combeaux. My mom had the crawfish etoufee. Both dishes were amazing. We went for dinner on a Sunday so Decatur Street was pretty tame. Service was really nice. From the hosts to our waitress to the bartender. They had great options on the menu and you can't go wrong with any of them.Our last night in New Orleans, we got into a weird Uber on our way to another restaurant when the Uber driver's gps phone went dead.  We decided to just jump out the car and pick a restaurant in that vicinity.  
So we decided to go to Landry's for a quick dinner even  though we generally base our restaurant choices on strong and high volume reviews.  We entered the restaurant where the Server, Ya-Ya was chatting with her customers.  The restaurant was closing in less than 45 minutes but we were optimistic.  
Ya-Ya sat us down  and was a nothing but a southern charm and engaging yet professional.
We had 
- wow dirty gin martinis 
- oyster casino 
- bbq oysters 
- Catfish with crab, string beans and dirty  rice  
What a delicious meal and the martini was perfect! This is how you end a vacation!!!!!!  Thank you Ya-Ya!!!!Very nice restaurant with so much seating including outdoor patio seating that's right along the water. We even got a fireworks show! Lots of food and drink options so we were very excited! They might've been really short staffed tonight but it took about 20-25 minutes to get our drinks including water! 
Food: With how slow service was we decided to order food right away. Food probably took about another 40 minutes to come out. Some of the girls had made substitutions to sides and ordered entrees a certain way and it seemed like no accommodations were made. 
We were here for a bachelorette party so had other plans after dinner. We asked for our check which took another almost 20-25 minutes to get to us. Overall we were at the restaurant for 2.25 hours and most of it was waiting. They did seem short staffed and our waitress was very friendly but the waiting game just sucked.Went to the soft opening a couple weeks ago. What a treat. The building has been beautifully restored. The bar upstairs is so nice.
Our young server was so nervous but did a good job. 
The food was really good. Hope they keep up the good workI would go back. 
Really nice place to get away from the streets for a bit for some good food and drinks.This was our first stop to eat when we got to town.
Everything was DELISH. We tried the crawfish bread for an appetizer and my boyfriend had the ribeye cooked to perfection and I had the yummy fried catfish myself. This is a gem for NOLA. But the best part of our dinner was our server, Nathan, he was amazing, fun and personable. That man deserves a promotion. We definitely will be back!We went here for dinner with a group of six. Our server Stanley we fun, friendly, helpful and incredibly efficient. I have life threatening food allergies and the manager, Assunde, went above and beyond to explain the menu and prepare safe food for me. The drinks were good and the food was great. This oysters were a bit underwhelming in quality and flavor, especially for a seafood place, but that was our ONLY complaint. The experience was amazing. The Scallop And Grits Entree was voted the favorite by the table. But the salads and burgers were good as well. Over-all wonderful experience more due to the staff and customer service than the food, but both were great!Went here for happy hour while we were walking out on the waterfront near Jackson Square. The quesadillas were pretty good bar food and the happy hour menu had several good options. Plenty of TVs in the bar area and a direct view out to the water where you can watch passing ships. Not a bad place to spend a couple hours getting out of the heat.We had Nathan as our server.  He was excellent.  All of his recommendations were spot on. Great food, great cocktails.  Most importantly great service!Good views but the bartender didn't even know what I was ordering- corn and crab shower. He asked me to show him on the menu what I was getting. Not sure if he was new? The corn and crab showed was pretty good.Oh wee, that was tasty. Seriously. Yum. 
On the corner of the old Jax Brewery sits Landry's seafood. There are some tasty choices and this is a big restaurant. We weren't too hungry so we opted for cold drinks and appetizers. Everyone was pleased with their selections. I have to say the crawfish bread was my favorite. The seafood gumbo was good, but a little salty.
Service was slow for it being so empty, but it was friendly. It's an easy place to stop in for a bite in the French Quarter. Dining upstairs was nice because you could see the river and into Jackson Square.Looked for a place for a steak. Went there and they took us right in upstairs by window. Perfect. Crawfish bread was da Bomb! Our entree took a while and when it came my wife's steak was a little undercooked. But they were so gracious and promptly took care of it. The manager himself apologized and delivered new steak. Great service! Our waitress was also wonderful. Good people there. Btw, the steaks were perfect.We were in town Mardi Gras walking through the French Quarters and my friend saw this place. She swears by it so I decided to give it a try. I am vegetarian/vegan and they were so nice to accommodate my food by substituting/adding extras for me. I ordered chicken fettuccine without the chicken but had them add spinach, extra peas and extra mushrooms. It was really good and I'll gladly recommend them. I also ordered the house salad and it was so good! I had more than enough food for later as the portions are hearty. Our server was so nice and the customer service was A1!This place messed up my trip to New Orleans I had food poisoning for three days TRASH.. there are better places to eat when you come down to NOLA stay AWAY !! Thanks to this place I will never eat shrimp again ..The place was empty and the staff could not keep up with food or drinks.  Food was average, especially the seafood.The food was terrible along with the service. They are to busy on their phones or trying to pick up women or men. Wouldn't recommend 
Expensive and not worth the price. I would rather go back to Copeland'sGreat dinner! I had the crab and corn bisque to start red fish étouffée with loaded mash and green beans! Excellent! Excellent! The green beans were crunchy and seasoned well. The mash were perfect Our waitress was Katrina and she was knowledgeable and attentive! I also had the raspberry lemon drop which was strong but tasty! I was pleasantly surprised how empty it was on a Friday night but the locals said that it was pretty normal for a Friday night. My friend had the wedge salad and salmon with the same sides. The salmon was undercooked and sent back twice --got an apology from the manager that was meh. Overall a good experience minus the undercooked salmon.Went to Landry's tonight with my best friend, she was my valentine. 
We originally decided to go for the bread pudding. I love the bread pudding at the Landry's on the lake but sadly they only had an apple cinnamon bread pudding that ended up being pretty tasty. We ordered the crawfish bread which was very yummy. Really cheesy. I also had the peach solstice sangria and it was wonderful. My friend ordered the bayou tea and I was much more satisfied with the amount of alcohol that hers had, I will probably order that one next time. Our server ALLISON was awesome!!! She was super polite and very knowledgeable about what was good on the menu. 
I was a little upset about the menu being different than the Landry's on the lake, but overall I really enjoyed my night.Great food. Great ambience. Great views of the French Quarter. 
Felicia was a great and attentive server. Great recommendations. 
Loved the Nawlins Punch.
Well worth the time and money.  Memorable.The food was really good. The service we received from Steve was even better. I really enjoyed their twist on the Old Fashioned drink. The shrimp avocado toast was good as well. We enjoyed our meals today.DELICIOUS FOR DELIVERY. Shrimp and grits. Fried shrimp with fries and onion straws. Delivered hot within time window. We appreciated not having to get dressed today and enjoyed our 3pm early dinner. Would repeat!Service was horrible.  We waited for 45 minutes in line to be seated in a section with a person that most likely was a dishwasher the day before. He had no idea how to serve people and keep a rhythm.This review is not about the food, but I have been here twice on our trip for their drinks and view. They are along the river and it is a nice atmosphere at the bar on the second floor. Both days the bartenders were friendly and nice but their drinks were the best we had! Try the hurricane and the mango mojito.The shrimp corn bisque is the best I've ever eaten. That sums up this restaurant.  Food was great! Server was less than tentative. Atmosphere inviting! If your in Jackson Square worth your time to check this place outWe had our worst dining experience in a week of New Orleans French Quarter meals, here at Landry's. 30 minutes to get our drinks. Entree came before the appetizer. Food was passable but nothing special. Never got the requested cocktail sauce. In all, a very disappointing last meal in the Big Easy.EXCELLENT SERVICE. EXCELLENT FOOD. Marvin was our server and didn't disappoint. We had crab hushpuppes for app. DELISH. Lobster for dinner with double mashed potatoes loaded. DELISH. Crab cakes. DELISH. Shrimp. DELISH. Chocolate cake. DELISH.This was a nice spot . I walked past randomly after touring. The vibe was nice so I came in. I had the bbq oysters and my dad had the shrimp. It was delicious. My dad also had the Bayou tea. The server was attentive and helpful. I would definitely come back ! It was a great stop! When I return I'd love to try more on the menu.The food was very tasty. The oysters were fried to perfection! Loved the atmosphere. The upstairs dining area would be perfect for a private "lit" party!!! Will definitely return!I cannot believe this is happening right now. I ordered my food over a month in advance with a group of people. It has now been OVER an HOUR and I have yet to receive my food. This has been- hands down- the worst dining experience of my life- and I've had my share. I wish I could shake everyone who tried to come in to "Landry's Seafood House" and tell them it isn't worth it. I wasted over $400 on food for me and five of my friends. Im upset, I'm broken-hearted, but most of all I feel cheated. To the employees at Landry's, I hope for your sake you quit waitressing forever and instead focus your time on something you're better at- such as hanging around on your "snapchat" and netflixing your friends or whatever it is you do that takes you away from giving my friends and I our food. The food here is really good though so five stars for that!Nice location to sit and have a nice bit with my family. Food service was prompt and our server was awesome. The manager was nice enough to get me a menu signed by the staff as a birthday gift. Definitely will return there.I have always heard so many great things about this restaurant, so I decided to give it a try today. BIG mistake. The food was awful! The blackened shrimp pasta had zero taste; it was very bland. I took one bite. The crawfish bread was just okay. Once I arrived with my mother, we were literally the only patrons. Another lady arrived maybe 40 minutes after we were there. It took an hour for the food to arrive, even with us being the only ones there. I did, however, appreciate the friendliness of the staff. After complaining about my food, the manager did come out to speak to me about it and left the pasta off of the bill. Despite their hospitality, I will not be a return customer.Great food however this location was super noisy and being seated near the upstairs outdoor area created the A/C Lacking !This was a big disappointment.  I knew going in it was a chain restaurant but figured with four kids that was a safer bet than the local cuisine.  The menu wasn't very good, the service was slow, and the atmosphere sad and sloppy.  Food was marginal at best.The staff were nice and helpful and good to hear the new orleans draw in the voice. The food was delicious and hot so you no it went straight from the kitchen to the table. The gumbo in particular was a savory and flavor filled bite with healthy lumps of crab, andouille, and shrimp. The BBQ Shrimp was very tasty and the bread was un beatable with the sauce. The margarita was very tasting with a very good serving of tequila. Would recommend for anyone.The service was excellent the host was friendly as well and let us know this was her first day my boyfriend love the mint mule so much he had 3 my captains punch and berry sangria was very tastey now when it comes to the food I wasnt too happy the lobster was good but tiny as hell,the crab bruschetta had to much going on taste more like Cole slaw so did the shrimp lettuce wrap its was more like a cold salad my bf love the spring promotional fried oysters they were very good the crawfish bread was tastey a little over toasted but the flavor was nice..thus ppc has alot of great ideas but not excuted to well now dnt get me wrong I would come here for drinks due to them having a variety and the ones my bf and I had were very good I looked at the table to the right of me and I see tht they left alot of their food alsoService was amazing and our server was beyond sweet. Food took a very long time considering the restaurant was empty. Once it arrived, only half of our food arrived. The food was sub par and I am sad that I used one of my meals in NOLA on this place.Best restaurant in French Quarter. Me and friends went here for lunch during our visit for Essence Fest. The red beans and rice was amazing! We decided to return on our last day in New Orleans. I had the crab cakes this time and I was NOT disappointed! The crab cakes had little to no breading which is awesome, because most restaurants skimp on the crab meat and you end up eating mostly breading. My friends had the corn bisque with crab meat. They were pleasantly surprised and happy with their meal as well. We'll be visiting again next year!After a rainy day in NOLA, Landry's came as a welcomed surprise! We were looking for REAL cajun cuisine and found it here!! Our server Michael was fantastic and made sure we were well taken care of. He even brought me a creme brulee with a candle for my birthday! Way to go Michael!! Thanks for making my day special!Wtf is this portion!? I havent eaten from this yet. This is what was placed infront of me and my group. These people are clearly making a wicked profit. Seriously some chef or cooks put this in the hands of waiters to bring out to customers and no one said anything. You should all be ashamed!!!!Won't be disappointed if you get dirty rice.
My tour guide took us here near the end of a food tour. She said this place was a must try! 
5/5 dirty ricePros: great location and cool decor
Cons: terrible service!
We got seated at a table upstairs after a short 5min wait. We sat for 20min without being spoken to by a single staff member despite 5 servers walking around and interacting with other tables. Not even a nod of acknowledgement that we were sitting there waiting. We noticed the table next to us walked out, leaving half-drunk sodas and menus still on their table. I assume they had the same problem. We gave it another 5 minutes and then left as well. 
Menu looked delicious but didn't have a chance.Only came in for drinks, but boy were they good! Ordered a peach solstice sangria--AMAZING. The bartender was a sweetheart and didn't rush me to order a drink. Also, she was fun to talk to while I waited for my friends. If you're there for the food, definitely come in for drinks.My son and I ate here for Lunch . We had oysters RF  and fried green tomatoes for appetizers and shrimp fresco and stuffed shrimp for our main . All tasted about the same. Just down the middle . Cute and clean but nothing special. Service was average as well.I went to this Landry's location for my birthday on yesterday. We waited about 45 mins down stairs just to go upstairs and they told us a 5 -10 min wait because no one down stairs had referred the message to them upstairs. So we sit down and the waiter tells us they are out of clean glasses did we was a plastic cup we said that was fine. The appetizer came it was PERFECT then the food came 2 people in my party ordered a shrimp and fish combeaux with fries they only had about 7 fries LITERALLY! When we told the waiter he said he doesn't fix the food so that wasn't his problem. So about 10 mins in i look up and see a small rat i didn't make a big deal i told the waiter and he told me that it was a 300 year old city and that was normal. I then asked for the manager by the time he came i seen 2 more small rats and 1 big one. I didn't eat much of my food by this point because i had lost my appetite and i simply asked him to take that off my ticket he sat there and made the comment that he heard we had "a visitor" and trying to make me and everyone in my party feel like eating with rats was a normal thing to do. I wouldn't not recommend nobody go here unless you enjoy eating with rats!Got us in on a reservation within an hour, even though there was some miscommunication when we arrived between the staff and who had taken the reservation. The food was fantastic. I'd say a tad pricey for what we had but the service was beyond fantastic and our server Stephen was on point. Also impressed with how well the staff worked as a team taking care of our table.  All in all a good experience, just a bit on the steep side.Our waiter Christian / Chris was amazing! We were here on a conference, and went to many restaurants but Landrys the food was great and they were head and shoulders and customer service above the rest!! 
We are from California and Landry's made our new Orleans French quarter experience today! A must try especially the crab stuffed shrimp, and the lobster tails!!The food was so yummy. The bartender was absolutely amazing. He gave us all kinda advice on New Orleans. We tried the crawfish bread first and wow it was yummy. We also had the crescent red snapper. The fish was perfect.One of the reasons for this particular trip was to visit as many New Orleans restaurants as possible. As a self-proclaimed foodie and gourmand, Landry's Seafood House was on the radar again. Though the real goal was to take in as many new restaurant experiences as possible, we kept Landry's on the lake in our mental rolodex as an absolute must for a return visit. Landry's on the lake left such an indelible mark on our psyche in terms of deliciousness, we knew we had to return. Unfortunately, our usual host was out of the county on this particular go round, so we had to find as much as possible to do by foot or at least using Lyft. 
While doing restaurant research prior to the trip, I discovered that Landry's now has a location on the river, which was just a short walk from our hotel. Woohoo....we were so excited that we did not need our usual resident expert to take us around. Like the other location, I really like this one as well. Being somewhat of a creature of habit, I ordered the same meal that I had the first time on the lake. While the food was still good, I think I have a preference for the lake location only because it did not appear as much of a tourist attraction as this location. 
In terms of the restaurant's location, views of the river and the ambiance, I was not disappointed. Next time, I think I would like to go back to the lake location only because it was more relaxing, laid back and a little bit of an escape from the touristy hustle and bustle of the French Quarter.Loved Loved Loved this place! Impeccable Service and a nice view . I was in New Orleans for my birthday weekend with some friends, and this was our favorite place .Big seafood restaurant full of friendly character, representative of NOLA, herself. 5 star service 
4.2 star food  
Fried crab fritters $8
With 2 sauces: avocado-tomatillo salsa verde, remoulade
These are fritters all day, the spices and breading and corn overpowers any crab flavors in the dish. Good, but it felt like they added the word "crab" to it so they could charge more. 
Blackened catfish Atchafalaya: catfish, crawfish, capers, lemon butter, creole green beans, dirty rice $24.9 
Really good, they rinsed the capers well, which makes a huge difference in the flavor! The twice baked mashed potatoes (pictured) were a $3 up-charge, but very good! The portions were huge! I would have liked if the beans were a little more aldente and tasted anything like they were creole seasoned, but they didn't.
LANDRY'S FETTUCCINE
blackened chicken or shrimp, mushrooms, tomatoes, green peas, alfredo sauce 19.9 
We asked for no peas. The Alfredo tasted like prego, but the chicken, tomatoes and mushrooms were all very good! 
It was a very good meal, super happy with everything! The food didn't quite make it into the 5 star category..Great location with nice atmosphere. Burger was great for seafood place. My husband had fish and shrimp they were small but tasty. Staff were not very friendly maybe it was a bad day.I was in New Orleans the weekend of November 3rd and we were walking on Decatur and I needed to use a restroom.  I popped into Landry's because i have eaten there before and asked where the restroom was.  The gal I asked said I could not use it.  So I asked again and the look she gave me was condescending and again said I could not use it.  The restaurant was empty and it was early afternoon.  Honestly, I was shocked.  I was well dressed and polite.  The restaurant is in a heavy tourist area and perhaps they need to reevaluate their policies because they just lost a customer.Omg!!! We were looking for a place that had food options for everyone. Pretty hard when people have seafood allergies and there's crawfish everywhere. The food was absolutely delish! I had the shrimp and grits with an okra stew! Highly recommend. 
Stephen was our waiter and he was phenomenal. Service was the greatest ever. When we complimented him on how great he was doing, his response was "I serve like I'm at the table". 
If only everyone could have this same mindset.This place has hands down the best service I've ever experienced. We went for my boyfriend's birthday and they went above and beyond for it. All of the wait staff and kitchen staff went out of their way to come say happy birthday at our table and signed a menu for him to take home. The food was to die for! Easily the best place we ate in NOLA.We just ordered two pounds of crawfish. The wait time was 45 minutes, way too long... The crawfish was just OK, the taste was not into the crawfish. It was quite disappointedThe food was okay. The drinks were fabulous. The server came to the table 2 times the whole times. Won't be back tho.The food was mediocre and the price was way not worth it. We waited for an hour and the food came out cold. The service was very slow and some of the servers were rude. We got the shrimp po-boy and it was mostly lettuce and a few pieces of tiny shrimp. Very badNOT WORTH THE RUDE SERVICE.  SHE PUT TABASCO IN OUR KETCHUP!!! Our waitress was literally so rude I was shocked and all I literally could do is laugh. So her service to start with was below average she was not friendly she didn't say please thank you or your welcome. She seemed very much bothered with the fact that she had to do her job and take our order. To top it off when we asked for extra ketchup because the meal only came with one little thing of it you could taste that she put Tabasco sauce in the ketchup!! First of all this lady Cionne Is what the receipt says her name was didn't even know if we had allergies or sensitivities to Tabasco sauce and when my husband asked her what it was she smugly giggled and said it's good right he said no it's spicy what is it she said again while smiling it's ketchup it's good right knowing what she did. She made up some name for the ketchup.  We don't tip her.   Food was ok.  But she made the experience  so bad that we don't even finish our food.$10 for a beer.  Hey Landry's, you're in New Orleans!  The donut shop next door is $5.It's located right around the corner of Jackson's square. You can see the Mississippi River from the second floor. The food and service overall was incredible. Thanks to our server, we ordered the crawfish bread and I would 10/10 recommend it.  I ordered the blackened redfish etouffee and it was exceptional.A great place in the quarter. The gumbo was a little dark but tasteful.  Everyone enjoyed their food and said it met their expectations. Great service and good for groups.Oh goodness gracious!! Food here was amazeballs!!! It took time to get our food served because of a little accident in the kitchen but it was all worth it!! Hands down best pasta i ever had my entire life. Seafood was fresh and customer service was A++++!! Def recommend this place..Honestly the food was descent , the waiting was ridiculous we waiting for about 1 hour till we got our food and than I also ordered a coffee the coffee wasnt given to me until 45 minutes later because I assumed they forgot , the only person who actually cared and paid attention was Nathaniel he was so sweet and attended me quickly when I asked for ranch ! Honestly if it wasn't for him I probably would of walked out with three of my friends . 
Thank you Nathaniel for caring about customer service and smiling !Landry's Seafood House has both amazing food and amazing service. We were a a table of six and we were seated immediately and able to order drinks right away. We ordered the crab cake and the fried alligator as an appetizer. The food was amazing, fresh, and hot. We got the appetizers in no time! Four of us ordered a nice filet mignon for dinner, while the the other two ordered seafood. When the food came out, three of the steaks were a bit on the chilly side. We told our server, Paris, and she immediately apologized up and down. She felt so bad and she got the manager involved. The manager came over and ensured that he was going to have the cooks make us new dinners and was very apologetic. Our new entrees were brought out by both the manager and server within 10 minutes. The food was perfectly cooked, hot, and mouth watering delicious. They offered to serve us another round of drinks, however we declined. Both Paris and the manager came over multiple times to check on us and make sure we were satisfied. Upon asking for the check, Paris came over with a piece of chocolate cake and six spoons. She explained that her and the manager were offering us dessert on the house for the inconvenience. Over all the food was amazing and the service was even better. Great job Landry Seafood, we will definitely be back!Best food and service!!  Our waiter, Will, was totally on point. He read our minds. The view from the balcony was great. Highly recommend!Great balcony view and wonderful service from Ernest. Food was fantastic. We highly recommend the crawfish bread and oysters!This place has exceptional service. Chris was super nice, attentive, and genuine. There was a bartender who was really pleasant to interact with as well and it makes for a better experience when everyone is so welcoming and lovely.
The food itself is fantastic. Brother ordered crawfish bread, coated in garliclouisiana spices and was absolutely delicious and downed within minutes...as was the next dish which I can't remember the name of.
It was a large piece of bread with marvelous marinade, coated with shrimp within and on top.
Ambience is fun, food is good, service is spectacular, do come to Landry's.My family went to Landry's in the French Quarters to spend some time together after my mom's memorial. It seemed chaotic from the time we walked in.  We needed seating for 9 so we had to wait for them to set the tables.  It took about 30 minutes to set a table for 9.  Mind you, the restaurant was not crowded.  It then took another hr or so for them to bring out food out.  The waiter was spitting as he spoke.  When we received the food, the fries were hard, burgers were over cooked, my fish, string beans and rice was greasy, shrimp was mushy.  I spoke to the manager whom said he will take care of the bill.  15 minutes later, the waiter gave us the bills and nothing was taken care of.  I spoke to the waiter about the bills.  The manager was standing in the back as if he forgot.  They then took the bills so they could adjust them.  However, 20 minutes later we were still sitting there.  We were in this restaurant for over 3 hours with terrible service, terrible food, and terrible drinks.  Never experienced anything like this.Unfortunately, we had a very disappointing experience. We had a preplanned rehearsal dinner reservation for 22 people with a preselected menu. We had signed our contract very far in advance. When we arrived they did not have the pre selected menus out and we had to ask for them. Someone had to hunt them down. It took 45 minutes to get all of our drinks and salads. Then dinner took another hour before it was served! By the time our main meal came out, it had been almost 2 hours and some of the food was cold. Our servers were hustling to keep up, but it felt like the kitchen was overwhelmed and underprepared for our visit. We chose the preselected menu for our party because we thought it would be quicker, but it was seriously disappointing.Do not waste your time.  Alex, the bartender upstairs for the first half of Vikings - 49ers game was awesome.  That guy is service oriented and cared.  His shift ended. The guy at the bar who replaced him..... horrible.   Literally ignored me for 15 minutes.  We left due to it.  I asked for a manger on the way out and nobody came 15 minutes After being called. They literally could care less about customer service.  Buddy ordered food and it was subpar.  Skip this place.Will never get a dime of my $. Walked to the front entrance at 8:05 pm on Monday 3/23/2021. The woman that was at the guest stand was speaking to another customer that was asking how long the wait on a to go order and she responded they were full. I literally saw not one customer inside, coming in or leaving! I saw her and the bar tender who btw wasn't making drinks for all those invisible patrons. I believe they forgot the upstairs is completely viewable from the street level & it was also empty. My best guess is the upstairs was full of paying ghosts & You had to be a certain skin tone to be seated! Imagine that in New Orleans.If you want to wait 3 hours for cold fish in a hot room, then by all means come to Landry's. The only reason my party of 4 stayed was because we were already sitting thus invested. We walked out there feeling exhausted and abused. Our drinks took forever. I got up to see why and the bartender was laughing with customers instead of making drinks. They ran out of bread 3 hours before we arrived. It was a Christmas Day shit show. The manager should have been on the floor, talking to customers and comping drinks or appetizers or something. It was absolutely ridiculous.Landry's was an amazing experience! The staff was so friendly and helpful and the food is delicious. We must have really liked it because we visited the restaurant two days in a row! 
Things I ate:
-Crab and Corn Bisque: Super creamy, flavorful, loaded with corn, fresh crab and a little Cajun spice
-N'awlins BBQ Oysters: With a slightly crispy parmesan crust, bbq butter and garlic bread
-Crab and Poblano Fondue: Creamy cheese dip with a spicy kick and fresh crab. It came with tortilla chips and buttered french bread for dipping. Our lovely waitress even refilled the dip for us! 
-My friends ordered and loved the Crab Stuffed Shimp Enbrochette and the Broiled Lobster Tails with loaded mashed potatoes.
The location is right in the French Quarter in walking distance to the famous Cafe du Monde. Pretty big restaurant with several bars and seating on two levels. Nice views of Decatur Street and the Mississippi River. I highly recommend Landry's!Coming in on a recommendation from our Uber driver. Expected to have great food, and was really surprised with the view in the second floor! We came for lunch, and got appetizers. Our server was AMAZING! She recommended the BBQ oysters, Crawfish bread and the BBQ shrimp. I got a Bloody Mary and it was perfectly spicy and a good size for lunch! The appetizers had great flavor and were the perfect size for a pre-tour lunch! The BBQ shrimp was cooked perfectly and had a nice light sauce on the side. The crawfish bread had SO MUCH crawfish on it! The oysters were meaty and had an amazing flavor with the parmesan.  My partner got the millionaire coffee and it was a great mix of liquor and coffee! Kori was an amazing server that was not only friendly and attentive, but she knew the menu well and was able to give us great recommendations to make our experience perfect!!This place is incredible.  We were visiting NOLA with friends and they were just engaged.  Wanted a fun day drinking place but also awesome some good seafood.  Went above and beyond.  Asked where we could get a bushwacker and the manage made them for u s herself without any hesitation and never having them before.  Best we've ever had!  Highly recommend this place and will be back.Disgusting. Party of 5. Ordered various dishes and everyone complained about their food. Ordered apple juice for my 2 year old and she refused to drink it. I tried it and it was spoiled apple juice, not appropriate for anyone to consume. Mushy crab cakes. Little to no fries with my parents order. Unseasoned shrimp on my husbands plate. Spent over $100 and server knew of our dissatisfaction and lack of quality of the food and did nothing to remedy the situation. Please run in the opposite direction if you come across this place. Only thing going for Landry's is the friendly service. Food was terrible.One of my worst decisions this trip. We wanted a quick bite before leaving the city and there was nothing quick about it.  It took about 25 minutes to get my drink and the excuse was they were out of one of the ingredients and the bartender didn't tell the waitress... i asked for baked oysters and they brought raw oysters... they finally figured out it was the wrong table... the waitress kept checking the menu and checking what she put into the computer and looked confused the entire time. When they finally brought the rest of the food the oysters were still wrong,  now they were fried... when I told her I wanted baked she stated oh we don't do baked unless it's the sampler.... I finally got her to realize that they do have baked oysters on the menu that's isn't the sampler... at this point though I told her not to take them back... other tables were getting food and had orders messed up as well... she was quick to blame the kitchen.... I'm pretty sure it was her.  No discount was offered for the inconvenience and mistakes... it took over 90 minutes from start to finish.... crazy slow even for the south.First.. We went up stairs and got seated and served by Rolando. His personality and excitement about the food was contagious so we went with his recommendation. We ordered the Shrimp Embrochette meal with an extra side dish, Twice Baked Mash Potatoes. Let me tell you, Rolando was spot on. We loved every bite. Even the rice and green beans were delicious. Nicole went with the Atrocious Saint to drink and I had the Nawlins Punch. We are coming back for Happy Hour later today. Thanks Rolando. Mike & Nicole Roland.Great atmosphere dead center French Quarter! Food was okay, needed more seasoning and Alfredo was decent. Noodles were perfectly cooked. Drinks were strong as heck!!!Located right across from Jackson Square in the French Quarter.  
Ambience:  casual bar, with tables in the back.  
Service:  our waiter was attentive.  We wanted to grab a quick bite before our evening haunted walking tour and literally had 30 mins to eat.  He recommended items that are fast.  
Recommended Food: the captain's gumbo was fantastic, one of the best I've had anywhere.  The salad with dill citrus dressing was tasty.  The crab cakes were fresh but nothing memorable.
Price:  since it's all seafood, it's not cheap.  But worth the price. 
We were in and out in 30 mins and had a yummy meal. Would come back.Stopped by here for lunch!  We were walking around so parking was not an issue. I did like the location being across the street from the Jackson Square and the Mississippi River.
First of all southern hospitality is no joke! Amazing customer service from the time we walked in. Maybe I should've looked at the menu before arriving,  kind of a rookie move for being a mini foodie. Menu is overpriced but NOLA is not exactly cheap! I decided on getting the boiled seafood platter thinking I was going to have a feast! As one of the most expensive items on the menu I thought it would be great to try a little bit of everything NOLA has to offer. I was very surprised at the presentation and amount of food (little) but it did all taste great. Definitely was not worth $30! I would not order or recommend others to get this!! My husband had the fish tacos at $15 which seemed more worth the value. Check out my photos to see yourself.This was best birthday ever from hostess to bartender to waiter to everyone that help make this experience the best ever!! Thecrecomendations the food the atmosphere was amazingI just experienced the WORST service I have EVER had. When we arrived our hostess looked at us and asked how many people we were, where we wanted to sit & then say some random woman who walked in behind us. After we were seated a very busy and overwhelmed server greeted us and said he'd be back with waters. Nothing happened for about 5-7min then a female server stops by and says she's our server and asks if we want water. We asked her if she had spoken with the other waiter and she said that we were her table. We placed our entire order. Water came, drinks came, bread came.....15 minutes pass, no server. Our drinks are empty, our bread is gone, the male server has been past our table at least 12 times. 20min I grab the male server, van we get drink refills please? Our server arrives after he delivers our drinks. Can I get you all anything? Um...food?? Oh yes sure! We have only one chef so we're kind of backed up. Odd the other server seems to be getting food from the si game chef in the kitchen . Our food arrives by a runner & then it's is taken away. And returned 5 minutes later, missing my entre, an order of fries & the wrong dressing on my daughters salad which was requested in the side but was mixed in. She then disappeared & my husband could see her chatting with other servers. I asked about the ranch dressing and she pointed to the tray sitting with a second order of onion rings. She said she'd grab a fresh one, I said don't bother just get the fries we ordered & our check & cancel my food order. She came back with the ranch dressing. I repeated the request for the check & the fries. She came back with the check but no fries. The check included my food & the fries which never came. I took the check to the bar & asked for a manager. Manager came out and I told him about the items on the check we hadn't received but didn't bother to ask why the items weren't received or how our meal was or anything for that matter. The server never apologized, the manager could t have cared less. The 2 stars are for the actual food which was good & the setting which was very pretty.Everything we had was really good. The oysters, crawfish bread, and crab fondue were all great apps. The po'boy oyster was good and they give you a big portion. Our waiter Earnest did a EXCELLENT job. You can't go wrong with his service! I think most of the bad reviews on here were during busy times, but that's just a guess. Wouldn't recommend the gumbo. Not that it's bad it's just not the type of dish you want to get from ANY restaurant, it's better get it home cooked (trust me)! Long story short the food and service are good here! Can't wait to come back!We came here for a couple of beers and a snack during our stay in New Orleans and ordered the shrimp remoulade lettuce wraps. Everything was delicious and very fresh. Our waitress, Sherina, was terrific and the patio seating is breezy and comfortable with river views. The interior is beautiful as well. We will definitely be back!Landry's is a great place to check out when in New Orleans! We stopped in for cocktails and sharables. Try the crab bites, calamari and crab fondue.Went for dine-in on a Friday evening date. It was just the two of us so we were seated quickly and very distanced from other tables. Our server was very friendly! 
I ordered the sparkling lavender martini to begin with which was very fun! I made the mistake of ordering the buffalo crawfish. It was very tasty but way too heavy because it was deep-fried. I was already kind of full after the appetizer. If you're in a larger party, this would be a great dish to split across the table!
For the main course, I had the broiled seafood platter. The rice and beans were not very good. The crabcake was alright and the shrimp was good though. The fish was tasty! I think I was just overwhelmed by the portions. The flavors of each part of the platter didn't really blend together either. I definitely want to come back to try other dishes (I'll make sure I'm going home after to pack up leftovers)!The baked oyster sampler platter and a cold beer. Perfect lunch on a hot summer day. 
The oyster were prehistorically  large and meaty.Late night stop after getting to the Quarter on a delayed flight- I only wanted a drink and some oysters. Mission accomplished! The bbq oysters were delicious (and better than Acme). The drink was stiff- they were out of cucumbers so they used a syrup instead, making the Chilled Cucumber, delicious.Was looking for a spot after a long day of walking. Found Landry's and the place looked cool and was open for a larger party. It was happy hour and the happy hours drinks and oysters were only available at the bar, which proved to be frustrating. Our waitress stated we can go down there and get drinks for the happy hour price and she would hold out table. This was sort of odd, we decided to just stay at our table and not get many oysters of drinks, due to not wanting to pay full price for drinks that we could get anywhere else for cheaper. We ordered bbq oysters, shrimp, crab cakes, and gumbo. All were great and we were served fresh French bread to go with it. Enjoyed our time at Landry's except how you can only get after care at the little bar downstairs supposedly according to our waitress.We were early for our reservation, but were happily seated right away.  We were originally seated near the front bar upstairs, but too noisy,  They gladly moved us to the rear bar with a view of the river.  Service was a little slow for some reason, but food was great.  We took an order of Bananas Foster to go and were shocked at the serving size.  It could have easily served 4 people.  We didn't complain.We spent an hour or so having appetizers and drinks yesterday.  Jennifer, the bartender, was too cool for words.  Genuinely nice, friendly, and enjoyable to interact with.  We will be going back again!We were seated promptly. The table had a great view of Jackson Square. That's where the good ends. After 15 minutes of no one even taking our drink order, we decided to head out and go somewhere new. The manager on duty upstairs finally acknowledged us as we were leaving and asked if anyone had waited on us yet. 15 minutes too late on that one. The place was empty at the time with just a few tables around us filled so no excuse for completely forgetting us.Meh. Staff is very disorganized. Got seated upstairs where some oriental girl told me we can't order for 15 minutes after we sit down. Huh? That's a rule is it? Not a good impression right off the bat. Instead of "hi how are you welcome in" - we get you can't order for 15 min it's a rule. Sigh... 
The bar upstairs wasn't open, they used it to pile up dirty glasses. We had an appetizer called Oyster Bar Trash wasn't the best. Very basic nothing special. 
Wedge salad - eh... 
Ordered happy hour martinis. Half the price = half the drink (pic included). Wasn't happy about that. 
Not sure if the girl spilled them going up the stairs or the bartender made them missing half the drink - but either way - the waitress should not give someone HALF a drink & think that's ok? Still a $6 drink at half price 
Red fish my husband had was ok (except for the very very very mushy green beans that came with it) 
I had crab legs - those were seasoned well and ok
Waitress was nice. Can't say that about the guy that greeted us or the girl who said we have to wait to order. 
Probably wouldn't come back, nothing about it was special for $129 + tip.
Very unorganized and overall not too friendly or welcoming. Probably would label the TGI Friday's of seafood. Can spend money elsewhere for better food. Wish I would have read the reviews first. Staff needs more training on how to be personable to people spending money on their establishment. 
Will not ever visit one of these again for meh food.Very friendly staff and helpful! The sea food was delicious!! It was cooked perfectly!! 
It's in a great location by the Mississippi River.Amazing food!! Ernest was our waiter and he gave the best suggestions on everything. We literally tried all of his suggestions and it was well worth the bill. I suggest the BBQ shrimp. Amazing is an understand. I literally almost licked my plate. Thanks Ernest. Love your new friends that kept ordering more shareable apps.They were out of one of the entrees we ordered and it took the waiter about 10 minutes to come and tell us they were out of it. We switched to a stuffed mahi which was good but the mahi was way over cooked. Very very slow service for a restaurant that was not even remotely busy. We ordered the bananas foster cake for dessert it was very dry and fake banana flavoring. Appetizer crawfish bread and Corn and crab soup and French fries and cheeseburger were good. Would not visit this location again.Great staff minus the snarky greeter. Attentive waiter with great inviting personality and the oysters were delicious.Friendly service. Wine selection is a little lacking but the other drink selection was nice. The blackened snapper was good but a little weak ( bare in mind I enjoy habaneros). The oysters were wonderfully fresh sang near making their way of the plate.This was the best cajun meal I had in NOLA.. and that's after Willie Mays and Mothers.. The BBQ Shrimp was not on the menu, But... drum roll.. thanks to the coolest dude in that joint.. Rolando Green.. I finally got my BBQ Shrimp.. Cajun style.. which by the way is not BBQ at all.. in case you are wondering.. My partner ordered the Gumbo which was done to perfection. Rolando knew what I was talkin' about the minute I mentioned it.. even a 100% tip would fall short for the service of this gentleman.. If you happen to get him for your table.. ask the man what to eat.. you won't be disappointed..I love Landry's. Their drink menu is unique and I enjoy the cocktails. For dinner, I had the crab fondue and the shrimp Alfredo. Both were delicious, very rich.Went to the second story bar for drinks and Antonio was one of the best bartenders I've had in a long time! So friendly and happy, and clearly knowledgeable and passionate about mixology and cocktail varieties in general. All in all a wonderful experience.Food was ok, but small portions, especially for the prices.  We were still quite hungry when we left.  Took my drink away before I finished it.Ugh. Gumbo was so salty I couldn't eat it. My shrimp dish was nothing special. 
I researched Yelp and reserved other New Orleans restaurants for four nights. Had four great dinners at those places. 
Instead, on our sole free night, based on good experiences with other Landry's properties, we just walked in here. They are resting on their good location and brand reputation. It was a bad choice.The broiled seafood platter was horrible. The food was stuck to the plate. The bread was thrown to us in a bag. The oysters was unbelievable nasty. Had fried grease crumbs on top. They only put you in a certain area because they didn't have enough servers. So the nice dining area was closed. The worse Anniversary dinner ever. Will not try again...We went on a food tour and this was one of the stops. We tried the dirty rice and it was DELICIOUS!!! I have high standards for rice and they definitely made it one to remember for me! The texture of the rice was made perfectly. The food tour only gave us the dirty rice to sample so I'm interested to see what else this restaurant had to offer!I am sitting here 1 hour and 43 minutes from entering Landry's. We ordered a beer took 37 minutes to get because the keg needed to be changed. They gave me the beer for free. Nice gesture that I believe is what they should do. 
Had ordered wedge salad. They were out. We ordered the Cesar and it was ok. Had crawfish bread which was yummy. Sitting here 40 minutes after getting the appetizer and still no dinner. Manager was asked what was wrong by my girlfriend. She apologized for the delay and offered to have meal taken care of. 
This always makes me uneasy. Do you eat a meal that you have complained about???
I'm hoping your receive a meal that you don't have to get comped. 
BTW the blackened catfish with crawfish was quite yummy. 
Our server and manager were apologetic and made things right. I appreciate that.Our group of friends was recommended this place to eat and I can't say Thank You enough to them . Making the reservation was simple and easy online. When we arrived group of 9 our table was ready . When we got to our table the hostess was Filipino ( I'm not ) but my Husband is and the rest of the group are . She spoke in English and Tagalog to greet us . Then when it came time to order our Server Kenneth came to our table he spoke Tagalog and English and started to tell us all about the Menu and what he likes and suggested. He was pleasantly happy the whole time . Working a table of 9 isn't easy . He already grew a relationship with the table and already knew how to separate the group to create the bill for our orders . The food choose was amazing and the wait wasn't bad . The serving of food was more than we thought. Kenneth was on top of his game with making sure drinks was full and we had everything we needed. If you are ever in New Orleans you need to ask for Kenneth and eat at the Restaurant.Ordered the Sirloin medium-well, but it was pretty much cooked through to well-done. Didn't want to wait another 20 minutes for a replacement, so settled for it. We also ordered the Ribeye, which was cooked to perfection and was delicious! The Caesar salad and House salad were as should be expected and the stuffed jalapeños were fine. Our server, June, was the highlight of the visit, as she was attentive and kind. However, the hostess was extremely rude and bothered, which set a bad tone for the visit. Overall, the Ribeye and June were 5-stars, while everything else was 1-3.The view outside from the patio is Ah-May-Zing. This view made it all worth it. The drinks were great. The food on the other hand was less than great. I had the chicken and sausage gumbo, and the red beans and rice. I am out of my element here in New Orleans, as I don't eat seafood. So with the gumbo, I was surprised it had a seafood undertone. Come to find out, the roux is made with a seafood base. It was terrible, just not my cup of...gumbo. The red beans and rice was thick, flavorful and I was left wishing I had saved my money and just ordered on side of that. My spouse had the Shrimp Po-Boy. His review was he was left wanting more flavor and a bit of a pizzaz as we all expect the food from NOLA to be. We would go back for the view and drinks. The wait staff was knowledgeable and friendly. The COVID 19 precautions are taken seriously at this place of business. Thanks for the view!!!We made a reservation but it wasn't necessary. We tried the shrimp remoulade lettuce wraps, shrimp and grits, gumbo, and blackened redfish etouffee. The food was pretty good, but the shrimp and grits, gumbo arrived at the table warm. The etouffee was stellar. Our service was lackluster, we felt ignored by the server and truly felt the only time she wanted to interact with us was when she dropped off our check. Disappointing for our first meal in NOLA.Cold and salty Gumbo! Tasted more like rice and gravy!  Waitress was very, very nice, she understood our concerns and assured us that she would have the "chef" prepare three fresh bowls and not microwave.  The gumbo came back to the table lukewarm and hot with additional spices, this must have been a joke.  The waitress was apologetic, management came over however the gumbo remained cold, salty and spicy.  Short and simple, don't order the gumbo!  Good customer service suggestion...... apologize and remove from the bill!We were recommended to stop by this chain for only the view of the river and have a drink (because our waitress at lunch said the food was bad), but waited 25 minutes before being served because according to the manager - "everyone is sick, so we're really tired".  We were the only people at the bar.  Terrible service.The atmosphere is nice here.  It is laid back with ann extensive drink menu and TVs to watch football.  Their bathrooms are also super clean, which is always an extra star.  The food is some of the best that I've had in New Orleans.  The gumbo is hearty and tastes like beef broth.  The corn chowder is soooo tasty.  The oyster bar trash is  great as well.  It has delicious sauce but no oysters.  The biggest down fall is the cost.  The oyster bar trash was advertised as a "shareable" plate.  It was enough for one person and costs nearly $17 (see photo).  The cost does not outweigh the taste.Very rude staff. Waited for 10 minutes for someone to greet us then we were told we weren't allowed to order a drink and sit down. They should probably put a sign so they don't have to yell at people for asking a question.The food was ok. I had a shrimp pie boy and it was the tiny cocktail sized shrimp. Also came with fries and fried onion strings. Lots of fried. The waitstaff- Trey was very nice. There was an annoying employee who brazenly came to our table to ask my daughter out for a drink after he got off of work.We stopped into this place just hoping that they would let us charge our device behind the bar. Turns out that they remodeled the bar and put device ports under the bar. Along with that and the super friendly man at the oyster bar we made this place our mid day charge our device with a beer place to go.My wife and I attended the New Years Eve party. Buffet of shrimp, salmon, filet, chicken, dessert..etc. All entrees were excellent, cooked perfectly. The service was unsurpassed. Top shelf alcohol, band, music...etc. this is a great place. Also, very close to market.Yuck. This is a corporate chain restaurant.
We were tired and hungry so we picked this place. The oysters were small and flavorless. Everyone's meals were overly salty and lacked any seasoning other than salt. The fish was dry and overcooked, as were the lobster tails and shrimp. There are so many other great places- go elsewhere.
Unless you like flavorless, bland food. The wait staff were super nice.Came here on a friends recommendation and she definitely knew what she was talking about. The stuffed shrimp was everything and so was the redfish. Oh, and please get the dirty rice! Steven was an amazing server! He was courteous and attentive and he made great food suggestions. The locations is great as well. Definitely make Landry's Seafood House one of your stops!Our first time in NOLA, we found this amazing place. Rolando was our waiter, I am so glad we came here. The food is incredible, amazing, fresh and tasty! 5 stars all the way!Nope. Only bland meal we had in NOLA was here. Singularly unimpressed. Overpriced as well. Shocking really.Came in for a light lunch and was not disappointed. We split the crab fritters along with the fish tacos. Both tasted fresh and delicious. Out of the other Landry brand restaurants I've been to in Chicago these fish tacos were way better. The service was good overall and the food came out quickly.I typically try to avoid chain restaurants when I travel but I've have always had a weak spot for their crab stuffed shrimp. Our last night in NOLA we stopped by. We started with the BBQ oysters and they were very good. We had the crab stuffed shrimp and the lobster. Both were very good. We topped off with the crime brûlée that was excellent. We had an excellent server and I wish I wasn't so horrible with names so I could give him a shout out! Will visit again when in the area.Went to this place last night for dinner. I had the salmon that was good, but everything else was ok. However, I had to give this stars because my server was absolutely AMAZING! His name was Earnest and I would go back solely just for him to serve us again. I'm glad I went because service was so nice. But the food was ok.I had a group dinner there for my 40th birthday. I had some communication problems when working with their regional manager responsible for group dinners, but once I spoke directly to the restaurant everything worked out perfectly. They were extremely courteous and went out of their way to make sure our experience went well. I was also really impressed with the inexpensive banquet fee for the room use.
Highly recommend.Yet another great New Orleans meal was had here! This time, it was to fuel up before our ghost tour (the ghost tour shuttle pick up is just about a 30 second walk away)! For starters, my friends and I shared some crawfish bread, which was definitely one of the best appetizers I had during my entire stay here! It had some crunch and was full of flavor, I definitely recommend it! For my main course, I couldn't resist ordering crawfish etouffee, which was my 3rd time ordering it during this trip, lol. The dish here was just as fantastic as it was at the other places I'd tried it at. In fact, I often daydream about crawfish etouffee back home here in Northern California, lmao! To wash the meal down, I had a pint of Big Easy IPA, which was tasty and refreshing. Overall, I had a great meal here, and I recommend checking this place out.Took a walk into the French Quarter and stumbled on this place.  I was looking for authentic southern seafood and found it here.  I selected the fried catfish plate and wasn't disappointed.  The catfish was cooked perfectly and although it was a large portion, it wasn't too big.  Fries were cooked perfectly as well.  They had a great offering of local beers on tap and it was served in a chilled glass.  Perfect on a humid day.  Interior decor appeared more authentic than contrived.  Staff was very friendly and the atmosphere was great.  I would highly recommend a stop here on your next trip to New Orleans.The food was great, but the service really made our experience! We are locals and tend to shy away from tourist traps. But our server STEVEN, made us feel right at home! We will be returning soon.We came here with a large party on Sunday.  We made reservations the day before knowing we had a large group.   We were seated on time at two large tables next to one another.  Our waiter Kenneth was attentive and helped with our dinner and appetizer choices. 
The food was amazing and on point.  Everything was delicious and the plates were large and generous.  We weren't rushed to finish our meals and drinks and we ordered a few rounds of shots which Kenneth brought with lots of cheer.  
Thank you Landry's for making our vacation even better with great food and ambiance.Food was good, but the service was bad. The place wasn't that packed, but it took forever for a server to take our order, and it took forever to get our order, which was wrong.Here's my review, service was great, drinks were excellent, atmosphere was decent, food was subpar and overpriced, seafood was overcooked, steak was over seasoned. Tipped my server well because he was excellent, but won't be going back.Food was really good and staff pleasant. We had fried alligator as an appetizer and it was delicious!So the food was ok and presented on the plate very well. The service was horrible. The waitress never came back with the spicy sauce for the potatoes. Lot of better places in the French quarter to eat.Have been here an hour so far and JUST  got our 3 appetizers. 2 out of 6 of our party has received a drink/water ........ food arrived overdone and dry and flavorless. Not worth the price at all.
Food made me sick and i was throwing up by the end of the night. I didn't finish more than half of my meal..
I had to go to the bar to get my own water as our server never bothered to bring any the ENTIRE two hours we were thereWe were already super hungry and they took forever!! Appetizers came out at the same time as our entrees. The food was not hot. The gumbo was super watery and you could taste the scorch, which you could kind of tell it was from the bottom of the pot. And the manager-- THEE ABSOLUTE WORST!! Very unapologetic and unaccommodating. He never once tried to rectify the issues, and offered nothing to please us! He didn't care and everything took forever, even the check. Obviously the waiter thought we should get complimentary dessert, and told us that the manager said he would take care of it, but that was a lie! He said he didn't and made no apologies for it.Great service overall the staff was friendly and punctual, Steven is truly an amazing server. He took his time explaining the menu, his infectious smile and sociable personality makes him a great asset. I ordered the Blackened fish Étouffée. It was Delicious!!! Just enough seasoning and full of great flavor... Highly recommend!We had the most wonderful crawfish bread!!! The bread pudding was also fantastic!!!  The food and s were vice were too notch!!!  We will definitely be back again soon.So salty!! I ordered crab cakes with green beans and everything was ridiculously salty. The rice was the only good, reasonably seasoned food. The waiters are really nice and the service is great though.Very beautiful restaurant with friendly staff. Food is amazing and the essence is very reminiscent of New Orleans.NEW YEARS EVE (NYE) - I feel duped!!  We paid for premium vip tickets.  They ended up seating us at a group table which was NOT disclosed when purchasing the tickets and I would've never purchased had this been disclosed (And it was clear that most guests were surprised to be sat at group tables).  Our tables were wobbly and chairs were worse!  Food was a mediocre buffet whose line was so long and slow that it prevented more than 1 trip...and no rolls or bread service.  Drinks were decent (poured liberally) but I am a bit of a vodka snob and do not believe they were using top shelf; they could not make a hot toddie despite somewhat chilly temps, and service was so slow that we couldn't even get a buzz going.  The only thing that halfway saved the night was the music, people watching on the dance floor, and the fireworks show.Walking in you were created with a smile and a hello drinks were good but it went down hill with the service waited 10 minutes plus for a drink refill waiter didn't mention if there was fish on the menu, no specials were named off orders came out wrong and it was more of a rush to eat and get out but the price you pay for a meal I would have expected more on the plateFood was very good. Redfish and mahi mahi were both delicious. Crab legs were nice and hot. Steak was over cooked. Server was attentive and helpful. Beers could have been colder.Give it time since they just reopened. Bad service and the food was not good. The waiter and manager kept coming over to our table and apologizing for every mistake. We couldn't wait to pay our bill and leave.This establishment had some tasty eats, but was really nothing to write home about. My friends and I spent 4 days in New Orleans and this wasn't our favorite meal. The service was quite slow even though there was no one really there when we went. It took about 45 minutes to get our food, and we were not that pleased.Ernest was the best person to wait for us! He told us straight up what to get and what wasn't great! He earned every bit of his tip! I'm local but I thank Ernest dearly for making my Virginia family members have a great time and eat some delicious southern cuisine! Thank you Ernest!!!Our server Will L. was outstanding!  We arrived indecisive about what to order and he was extremely helpful and patient.  We ordered the delicious crawfish bread for our starters, crab stuffed jalapeños and crab cake appetizer all were Amazing!I suggest if you know you're going to eat here, make reservations a few weeks in advance. It's in an old brewery warehouse. The ambiance is wonderful. It's a little expensive. I had Crawfish Ettoufette. It was delicious. The waiter I had wasn't very friendly. I heard all the other wait staff talking and being very friendly. Maybe mine had a bad day.We loved it here! We walked around for a while trying to find something to eat and just decided to settle on this place. Our waiter, Kenneth, was AMAZING!!!! He gave us insight on all of his recommendations and broke down all the food choices for us! He was especially kind and made sure we had everything we need. It was a breath of fresh air to have him as our server. The food was equally as good as the service. Highly recommend to everyone! Thanks, Kenneth!!!My nurse school friends and I are always looking for a new place to meet up, eat, drink and debrief about our jobs. One of my friends suggested Landry's Seafood House near the Lake for happy hour. We met up at the bar and worked our way down the fancy cocktail list. The only cocktails I didn't have was the Mai Thai and the Captain's punch. The drinks were not strong but mixed well. Worth the $6. I also had the crawfish bread while waiting for our other friends to arrive, DELICIOUS! (Honestly a contender with the Chalmette's crawfish festival bread.) When our other nurse buds arrived it was a rainy night and we still chose to sit on the deck, which was relaxing and slightly  romantic.  The location is perfect, especially if you have an event at the UNO lake arena. We tried all the happy hour meals and honestly none disappointed. Long story short, get your friends and hit up Landry's Seafood House on Lakeshore Dr. (not Decatur, but LAKESHORE.) Such a good inexpensive and satisfying time. The service was perfect and I honestly have no complaints, will return.The food here was phenomenal! I've never tasted such wonderful food! And the service, Earnest was the best! He provided the best customer service. He was attentive and gave gave us suggestions on what we should order. Everything he suggested was peefect!!! Can't wait to come back! Definitely try the crawfish bread!Visited this establishment a few days ago for a fun little date. We were greeted genuinely and with a smile, directed upstairs to be seated. Then again greeted by another hostess, and was seated out on the balcony. Everything was so synchronized and well put together (so we thought). We sat for about 10 minutes, while watching two waitresses walk back and forth to other tables. After the 15th minute we were asked if we had been helped. After responding no, the waitress said she was "going to find out who's supposed to be servicing our table". At that point I was over this restaurant, the customer service, or the lack there of. I informed the waitress we were no longer interested in waiting, since we were clearly forgotten about once seated. 
This was the first and last time we'll ever visit this place. Which is a real bummer considering we were prepared to spend a pretty penny just on alcoholic beverages alone. 
I really wish I could leave no stars, but I guess just 1 will have to do.I never post reviews but I must tell everyone that the service here is food is awesome and the service was impeccable!  
    Chef Eric personally came to our table to check on our small group and our waiter (Ernest) could not have been more accommodating and friendly.
I wish I could get this type of service back home in Tampa!Place looks pretty nice only fact is the bottom is only open. Walked in asked the very rude non responsive bartender was it open seating I was ignore after asking multiple times. I walked all the way up the stairs. Asking if anyone in the kitchen could help. Only to see the bartender again. He told me food was over at 8:20 which wasn't true. Seen the chef come from a different way I'm sure he was wondering what was going on. Will came and took great care of us. If it wasn't for will doing what he could to help and made sure we got food. This place would have been a negative for me.Had a nice time at Landry's in the French quarter. We had a special guest in town from New York so we picked the fq location. Although we waited a long time for appetizers, we enjoyed the food and environment. The server Will was super friendly and attentive and always had our drinks refilled. The host Bill was also very polite. I ate crab cakes for dinner with cheese grits which were amazing. I tried the crab and fondue dip, calamari, crawfish bread, and crab fritters. Everything was delicious. Thank you for a great night out.Our server William was the best!!! Explained everything really well! His recommendation of the Triple Chocolate cake was on POINT!!! As a pastry chef I do like trying different desserts when I'm out for inspiration on my next bake. The ganche is whipped so you get the same rich flavour without the heaviness that other ganche cakes give you! Also the best place for a hurricane!!!Everything was excellent especially our server, Kenneth! The stuffed mahi Kenneth suggested was AMAZING!!! Definitely will come back!The Olive Garden of seafood restaurants. You should come here with low expectations and end up surprised, instead of what we did. Mahi Mahi was not stuffed just cut in half, overall underwhelming and had hair in it for spice. Crab legs were good but nothing special. As plain as they come. Ordered Prosecco and was brought Pinot Grigio... but hey, they both start with Ps. Came close but not quite.We loved sitting here on a Saturday evening in the patio, I called a few minutes ahead and they took of our large party, only downside was a bit of a wait for our food and our bill, we also asked to get the heater going and they never did! Typical oversights of a busy restaurant but overall the food was good and the view was spectacular from the patio!Being a newbie to the location I wasn't aware you had I go upstairs to dine. The bartenders downstairs were extremely rude and unpleasant. The young lady acted as if I was bothering her when I asked about seating. However once I got upstairs the rest of the staff was friendly, helpful and tentative. Mr.Terrel was awesome and on time.. Thanks bunches!This place is overrated. Overly expensive with their microwaved food. The hostess is very rude, not customer friendly. Rolls her eyes. You can tell she's young. She don't know how to speak to people. They need to higher someone else. The wait is extremely long for the food. This is the WORST restaurant experience I've ever had in New Orleans. 
FOOD: The ribeye is very fatty, like 75%. The grits were hard and lumpy. Their food has no taste. The Mahi-mahi was very dry. Should've been blacked. They have sides but they're not listed on the menu, so you have to ask. 
BEST PART: The Water.Wouldn't let a 10 year girl use a restroom. Every other place in the area allows kids to use restrooms.Landry's was recommended by our hotel so we tried it out on our first night in New Orleans. It was, hands down, the best food we had all week!! My husband chose the fried catfish and I had the grilled shrimp with dirty rice. Both were outstanding! Fresh and full of flavor. The best part of our meal was our waiter Ernest. Ernest warmed our hearts with his bubbly personality and infectious smile. He was extremely knowledgeable about all the dishes offered and so easy to talk to. We bonded watching and talking Sunday football and enjoying the incredible food.  We're already planning our return to enjoy the amazing food and hang out with our new friend.  If  you're visiting the Big Easy, do yourself a favor and have dinner at Landry's and be sure to ask for Ernest. You will not be disappointed!!Here at Landry's seafood House. This was recommended by someone at our hotel. We were extremely hungry and ready to get our "visiting from California grub on".  I ordered the calamari appetizer and my better half ordered the shrimp appetizer. Beware they do give you bread and butter before you have your meal and it is quite filling. Back to the appetizers ......Wow! the size portions were pretty large and enough to share. For our main entrees I ordered the seafood platter and my hubby ordered the shrimp platter. My seafood platter came with fries , oysters, and shrimps. I'm really not a fan of catfish but I saw this platter on someone's table and I decided to have one. It didn't disappoint and I'm now a fan of catfish. Everything was very good and there was plenty for me to take back to the hotel .Our server was Ryah, and  I'm sorry for messing her name up. She was helpful, adorable, and very sweet. Thanks!Best mashed potatoes and crab cakes. It has nice ambiance and great service. We ate at the bar upstairs and it was super nice.Apart from the salads, the food is not that good. The servers are slow and mess up orders (and forget to bring water when requested).People always say this places isn't good. But honestly everybody have differ tastebuds! I actually like this place a lot! The food is pretty good! The bbq shrimp  appetizer is cook just right! Oysters rockafella is plump and creamy. Crab dip is amazing!!! Crab cake... They are not greedy about  the crabs at all! The crawfish bread is a must get!!! Landry fettuccine is great! Avocado lump crab salad is refreshing! Boiled seafood is good. Scallops are really salty though. And rib eye is cook perfect. I don't mind  coming back at all.Excellent broiled stuffed shrimp with Pontchartrain sauce. Nice atmosphere on the marina.We came late last night for a few drinks and apps, as we had already eaten dinner.  We still wanted to sample a few things, though.  
My wife isn't a big seafood eater due to an allergy scare with octopus a few years ago, so she ordered onion straws with tempura fried peppers.  I just had a half dozen oysters, since I hadn't ordered any yet in the city.  
The oysters were big, meaty, and delicious.  Served with hot sauce, lemon, and spicy horseradish.  Hard to mess up right?  The onion straws unfortunately were not hot, I could tell they had been fried probably 10-15 minutes prior to us ordering them.  Small details like something as simple as making food to order will make or break an experience.  
The drinks were good, but 6 bucks a pop for a well.  Come on..  
Our server was great!   Attentive, nice, and fast despite her being very busy.  
I would like to come back and try a few entrées, perhaps on my next visit to the city.  I'm a seafood lover, and the rest of the menu looked delicious.  3 stars for serving cold fried onions.Awesome food the best seafood I have never tasted. never had seafood that was so fresh and tastes so good. Location and service was great. Will go back every time I go to New Orleans.Omg this place was amazing. The cedar plank salmon was perfect the backend catfish was the best I've ever had. The crab cakes were melt in your mouth delicious. But really, the best part was our server, Jimmy what a pleasure. So friendly and so knowledgeable of the menu. Definitely my favorite meal of my trip to new Orleans :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)Always a beautiful view, clean and decent atmosphere, along with good service with OK to pretty good food, but last night didn't make the cut. I ordered blackened salmon that came with a house salad that looked and tasted far from fresh, a side of rice that was dry and brown on the outside yet soft on the inside, likely from sitting out a while under lights or being reheated over and over. The green beans varied in color and texture, some bright green and fresh, some brown and meh. The salmon itself was pretty good. My date said his meal was fine when I asked, but he didn't seem to like it very much.
I've been here a few times and I've had the fried seafood dishes in the past -seems to be more their specialty.This is the best of the Tilman Fertitta's chain, out of Galveston/Houston.  We eat here off-and-on.
The food, drinks, selections, & table service are all very good; way better than other locations of same chain.  Even better than Tilman's home unit on Galveston Island.
Parking good, views very nice, & great bar.  Folks wear everything from suit & tie to shorts & flops.
I don't usually recommend chain restaurants, but this is an exception, and has been consistently good.Went to eat at lunch. We were not disappointed. We started with oyster Rockefeller . It was really good. We had blackened Amber jack and red snapper. They brought us a good salad and bread. My blackened amberjack was good but i thought blackened meant cooked in a hot skillet and blackened but they explain that it was only the seasoning. Other than that the meal was exceptionalThis location has a lot of history for me. I went here a lot growing up when it was a Joe's Crab Shack and I was glad to see that it has been reincarnated since the storm. 
To me, Joe's was always about the view over the food. When I had heard Landry's had taken over the location, I had hoped that they would provide some better quality food. 
My one experience with this location since it became a Landry's was just OK. Granted it was late on a weeknight and we had a large group, so maybe what we got was not their A game. I was looking to get my fix of good fried seafood while in town, so I order the seafood platter. When it came out, it seemed soggy like it had sat up in the heat lamp for a while. The waitress was a little unresponsive too. 
I'll give it another shot.After my last experience, which was less than favorable a representative from corporate reached out to me to try and rectify the situation. I spoke with the general manager and made plans to visit upon my return to New Orleans several months later...I'm happy I did. The service was much improved, management was extremely pleasant and my waiter was extremely attentive and knowledgeable. Based on this experience, I would visit Landry's again. 
I increased my score, but not as much as I'd like, as the new score overrides the last. The service was much improved, but not enough to completely forget the terrible experience I had the first time around.We love Landry's. We've been going there for a long time. However, they have recently made some drastic changes to their menu which we hate. The head chef assured us that he was working on getting some of our favorites back though. I must say too that your experience is largely based on your server. It's not one of those places where the food is so awesome that you would bypass the quality of service....Although, very good...we personally have been asking for Jared our last few visits and each time our visit was flawless....even though he made us cheat on our diet with that sinful bananas foster.....so worth the tummy ache from my dairy/lactose  intolerance though.....lol!!! Thanks Jared and Chef for being so accommodating. We appreciate you both :)DO NOT TELL THE SERVER YOU ARE USING A GIFT CARD!!! One of my clients gave me $100 gift card that I used for our anniversary dinner. Wife and I were feeling great, since the meal was essentially free we were gonna make the server's day by leaving a fat tip!
Alas, we couldn't do it. We could not in good conscience reward such shit service. 
Brought out salad... No cutlery so we ate the salad like chips, dipping leaves in the dressing by hand. Server walked by a few times and watched us eating the salad by hand.... didn't even blink. Water wasn't refilled once and it seemed like she actively ignored us. 
By the time the food came out, waited... Waited and nothing. Still no forks, spoons or knives. Finally I had to just  ask her for it. 
We thought she was maybe having a bad day(gotta give people the benefit of the doubt) but her interactions with other guest were totally opposite of ours. 
This was perhaps the most infuriating part. Seeing her give attentive, quality service to a table of older 40s-50s year olds. Btw, Wife is 24 and I am 34.
We have another OpenTable gift card but after the quality of service received for having it... My advice: wait til the end of the meal to reveal it(despite the directions which state to let them know you'll be using one before you order).
Will not visit any of the Landry's location or affiliates. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice...My hospital had a sponsored dinner at this restaurant which I was really excited to try. I've always heard Landry's was delicious in other cities, being a large chain and all. The restaurant is quite large and has a semi private room. There is also a nice bar and it is right along the lake front with a great view. My work had a nice 3 course meal which I ordered: 
1. Gumbo: delicious! Huge chunks of sausage, chicken, beef and seafood. It wasn't too salty or too heavy like I've had in the past. 
2. Blackened fish: The fish was cooked nicely with it's crunchy exterior and flaky interior. The rice it came with was also delicious. However, the sauce on the fish wasn't great. I felt it would have been better without it or on the side with the rice. 
3. Apple bread pudding: Below average. I liked the chunks of apple with it but the slice was pretty small and didn't taste it bread pudding. It was more cakey with some caramel sauce which was unevenly spread between different orders. My friend had a bunch on his and I barely had any on mine. 
Overall, the food was ok. Pretty average restaurant. The food was good but nothing to rave about. The restaurant itself was quite nice and the service was good. Good if you're in the area and like a nice view while eating.Food was good, just not for the price. Cool atmosphere. I'm guessing we paid more because of the view. One question- Do they not have bussers?Brought a group of 15 here.  
Fantastic service.....great prices and everyone loved the food.  
Loved the stuffed jalapeño!!!My wife and have dined here numerous times and are members of the Landry's Select Club. I can't say that I have ever had a bad experience. We have visited just the two if us and with large groups. The wait staff is always capable of keeping up. If the weather is nice we sit on the gallery with a view of the lake. As with a lot of restaurants their liquor selection could use some expansion. Of course there are plenty of fruity vodka and rum drinks, but no top shelf Bourbon or Scotch.Only thing this restaurant has going for them is the atmosphere . From drinks to food, all around bad. Mojito tasted like lemonade. Oysters on half shell more like oysters out of bucket and placed on pretty half shell... Bland and disgusting! Slipped right out of shell, another words were never actually in there. Entrees were buttered and bland, tasted frozen. Fried seafood better from a grocery store. I never write bad reviews but this was bad. And wayyyyy overpriced, wow!Ok food. I've eaten here a few times and once you realize that you are paying for location and ambiance then it's not bad. Great service and view but it is a chain and that shows in food. Raw oysters had something missing.My first time here and I loved it. I was hesitant at first because it is a chain restaurant and it is expensive. But I ordered the crab cake with bbq shrimp and grits. I was hesitant at first because I only trust my grandma and my mom to make shrimp and grits but it was sooooo good. The crab cake was moist but a little crunchy on the outside, the shrimps were juicy and seasoned really good, and the grits were creamy and seasoned just right. Our server was the best he made a peach drink (I forgot the name) for me, gave us Caesar salads, and bread with butter. By the time we left I was so stuffed I felt like a turkey on thanksgiving. I will most definitely be back soon. But one thing I can say, the best time to come when it isn't crowded is during the weekday, if you decide to go on the weekends (especially the first week of the month) it will be PACKED.1dozen raw oysters $20.
THAT'S REDICULOUS
I looked at the rest of the menu after I received the bill and everything was overpriced.Way, way, way too expensive for what it actually is. I came here with a huge group so I had an opportunity to try a bunch of things and honestly? I wasn't blown away by any of it.
Zucchini fries, oyster bar trash, crab cakes, and the fried seafood platters were just okay. The crawfish garlic bread was pretty good, and my favorite thing we got, but it definitely wasn't worth making a special trip here. I had the fried shrimp, and I felt like I could have paid half as much for the same meal at Popeyes. 
Our server was easily the best part of this dinner.Steven was our bartender Saturday.  Great service and friendly.  We ordered shrimp enbrochette.  Amazing and I love the sauce that cam with it.  Fried green tomatoes were okay.  I was not a huge fan of the batter.  My friend and I split the avocado and crab meat salad.  Very good.  Will be back soon!The location is fantastic with great views which is why the restaurant seems to over charge for its food.  Don't get me wrong, the food was great, but considering the portion size and the fact that the restaurant is part of a chain, $25 to $30 a plate seems a bit high. Furthermore, when asked about swapping out the sides, they seem to want to nickle and dime you on what you can and can't trade out.  The wait staff, though was great.  Overall, not sure if I'll go back for dinner.  Maybe lunch.My boyfriend and I decided to eat here for the Fourth of July and because it was close to Lake Pontratrain. I didn't Yelp it or anything before so I was nervous because I'm that kind of person to Yelp every place before I go somewhere new. 
First impression it was upscale and the menu was as well so hopefully the food lived up to it. I loved the dining area because it has a gorgeous view of the lake and yachts floating by all around the restaurant and I'm a sucker for dinner with a view! It's definitely a romantic place to eat or celebrate a special day. 
Now for the food.. To start the Louisiana Crawfish Bread caught my eye for the appetizers. The waiter then came up shortly and suggested that same appetizer I was thinking about and that pushed me to order it. Gosh let me tell you, it was amazing! It was just perfect in texture and flavor. It had the right amount of crunch, crawfish, and though it had a lot of buttery cheesy flavor it wasn't the overwhelming kind at all. They gave us complimentary bread and butter afterward and the butter was to die for! I was in pure bliss by this moment having the same expectations for the entrees. We ordered the Landry's gumbo and the scallops and as expected we were not let down. The gumbo was awesome and the perfect portion. It's a perfect dish to get when you're not that hungry for real food, like my boyfriend was. The scallops with the sautéed spinach, cherry tomatoes, and rice that I ordered... Just exquisite. Something about that combination was just so spot on and just what I needed. 
My first experience here was truly lovely and I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a higher end, delicious seafood restaurant in New Orleans.Horrible horrible food very greasy  and the fried oysters and shrimp were dry and they had two compartments one small and one  big on each plate and they both had ketchup in them as if they thought we didn't know the difference between ketchup and cocktail sauce... I will never be back here again. The only good thing about the place is that its on the lake and the viewsView is awesome, food and service, ehh! If you have ate at other Landrys you will be disappointed with the food and service. The server dropped off loafs of bread in paper bags for a party of eight, terrible bread and staff attitude. If you want the view stand outside and look then go somewhere else to eat.All I can say is our waitress was great...Kaylee, Kailee, Kaylie, Cayleigh.....however you spell it, was amazing. We had a table of 10 and she took care of us almost entirely by herself. Great sense of humor, which you have to have when dealing with 10 old guys, and on the spot with drinks. Food was good, stuffed flounder came out a little dry around the edges but no one really had any complaints. If you go, ask for her she was a sweetie and cute to boot.I'd recommend coming here as the sun sets. Gorgeous venue with great service.
We went in a large group and tried a good deal of appetizers, all of which were lovely. I'd HIGHLY recommend the crab, spinach, and artichoke dip and the calamari.
Plenty of different cocktails, and a varied menu of seafood options. The crabcakes with shrimp and grits were stellar---and enough for incredible leftovers the following day.I love this place and i love this bar. Best happy hour! Finally good happy hour food and wine. View is awesome. Its trendy. I like it and Im really picky. My family likes it so its a great place to meet with them. And if i ever read a review that says go to live bait for seafood over landrys i might just die.I give Landry's 3.5 stars.
I had eaten at Landry's before years ago, and didn't really care for it.  Today was a different experience.
Since it's right down the street from work, I selected it as a convenient place to take some cients out to lunch.  The weather was beautiful, so we sat out on the deck!
Our waitress was efficient and courteous. No complaints.
For my lunch, I had the crab and avocado salad.  It comes tossed with a creamy herb dressing.  It was absolutely delicious.  Others at the table had blackened redfish, etouffee, oyster poboy, and parmesan breaded shrimp over pimento cheese grits.  Everyone was really happy with their meal.
The only downside that I could point out is value.  The prices are VERY, VERY high.  At entrée prices in the $20-$30 range for lunch, I wouldn't visit again for lunch or dinner (unless the boss man was paying again).  They do offer a couple of 2-course lunch options for $15, but everything else is on the high side.
I must note, that they have a great happy hour M-Th 4-7, and Friday 3-6 with drink and food specials.  I'll definitely visit again for happy hour, because the food was good, and the view is unbeatable!Terrible terrible terrible food.  A place like this is what I don't want tourists talking about because the food isn't good.  I had a shrimp pasta and the noodles were overcooked but the shrimp was cold.  The only plus was that the server was pretty nice.Went for happy hour. The food selection was great but the alcoholic drinks were pretty much juice. Didn't taste a bit of alcohol.... overall would def go back to take advantage of the food but drink somewhere else.The food is consistent, but the staff is not. If you have a good waiter/ waitress your experience will be good. If you have someone new, it may not be. We tend to have a usual waiter after several bad experiences.This has got to be one of the best happy hour spots I've been to. Cheap drinks and food while being able to see the lake from three sides. Beautiful sunsets. I always get the little seafood balls and a few beers. I wish the cut off time on Fridays wasn't 6pm though.Because of a previous encounter I took my whole family here for Mother's Day. It turned out to be a big mistake. We waited for 1hr 55min to be seated....not expected we got over that with anticipation of good dinning.  I wanted oysters and fish but was told by the waiter that it was only available in a sea food platter because of Mother's Day, so I order that and my wife the same.  When the food finally came it had no oysters, and only 4 pieces of fish strips (not whole fillet's) about 8 shrimp and 15 french fries. I asked the waiter why and he said they ran out of oysters and he would give me additional fish or shrimp because of that.  I also complained about the small portions, and was given a small plate of french fries.  This was a bigger disappointment than the long wait.  Instead of ruining the day completely I accepted a small bowl of gumbo in place of the missing oysters.  When the gumbo arrived it had a burnt taste.  At that point I saw no hope for redemption for this meal. The food was unusually bland.  Needless to say I've eaten better tasting food at McDonald's not to mention the $250.00 dollars it cost me.  For my Mother's Day experience it doesn't even rate one star.  This place was horribleMy best friend and I visit this location 6/28/18. We were on a girl's trip vacation. We always wanted to try this restaurant. This was both of our first time at restaurant but also my first time in N.O. I must tell you Justin (our waiter) make it all worth while. Please ask for him if you visit this restaurant. He is very professional and attentive to the customers needs. Top notch customer services. We had a hard time choosing entrees but Justin was very helpful and knowledgeable of the menu. The food was amazing and shout out to the cooks. Love this location and can't wait to go back. Keep up the great work Justin!! Please go see him because you will not be disappointed. ThanksLandry's offers a chain restaurant's tepid presentation of what used to be a bustling and exuberant celebration of traditional Louisiana seafood in the lakeview/west end area. Thanks, Katrina. This is what you left us with? The view, however, is stunning... almost worth the price of admission alone. 
Atmosphere: Clean, fairly spacious, tons of windows for taking in the sumptuous view of Lake Ponchartrain. 
Service: Better than I expected. Friendly, upbeat, and comfortable giving honest advice on highs and lows of the menu. Any mistakes were corrected expeditiously, from a stuffed crab served instead of a soft shell crab, to a singular fried oyster that fell to the floor from a fried seafood platter while being delivered. Yes, the waitress actually came back to the table with one extra replacement fried oyster. I never had to ask for refills on water or iced tea. I was with a large party of about 15 people. The effort it takes to attend to all these details with a single large party of patrons is not lost upon me. Kudos.
Food: Ok this is what you're actually here for, right?
- Fried green tomatoes appetizer: Cornmeal battered, served as a warm presentation with a crawfish and andouille sauce (not cream based, tasted as though it were thickened slightly with flour or a blonde roux). This is an odd way to serve to fried green tomatoes in my book from its concept. Something fried should have an element of acidity to balance the richness: ketchup with fries, the pickles in tartar sauce for fried seafood, the squeeze of lemon over the same, etc. And in this case, no the fried tomatoes themselves did not serve well in this role. That said, even if the presentation is flawed from the start, the sauce is forgettable. There is no discernible crawfish flavor (I'd bet money these are Chinese crawfish), the andouille is also of questionable quality and little flavor. The fried green tomatoes themselves were just fine, but were clobbered and lost in the boring sauce. Not outright bad, but far from memorable.
- Fresh fish with Melissa Topping: I ordered drum, as it was the only fish I could be assured of that was delivered to the restaurant daily. It can be fried, grilled, broiled, or sautéed. It can also be ordered with blackened or lemon pepper seasoning if you like. Mine would be sautéed drum without additional seasoning blends with the Melissa Topping, which is a dry sautéed combination of tail-on shrimp, scallop, a couple slices of button mushroom, and a couple lumps of crabmeat. The waitress suggested a bit of lemon butter sauce as well, an offer which I readily accepted; otherwise my reaction surely would have been "where's the sauce?" The fish was fresh, but under-seasoned, overcooked, and dry. The Melissa Topping also could have used some seasoning, a splash of white wine in the pan and a bit of salt would've fixed everything. At least the scallops weren't fishy (I was nervous about this). Sides included sautéed green beans, under-seasoned but thankfully not overcooked, and "dirty rice," which bore little flavor or resemblance to actual dirty rice.
- Bananas Foster: I did not order this, but be aware: two crepes filled with ice cream, topped with slices of raw banana, a drizzle of caramel sauce, and a couple squirts of whipped topping (as in "cool whip," NOT whipped cream) .....quite simply does not bananas foster make, not by a long shot. Talk about lost in translation. Call it crepes a la banane; call it a banana split; call it banana surprise; but do not call it bananas foster, please. Yikes!
- Key lime pie: This I did order. Apparently they do make their own; however, if it is made in-house or rather if it comes from the central Landry's kitchen warehouse in Kansas or wherever I simply do not know. I expect a good key lime pie to have a bright, pungent key lime character. Consistent with the rest of the menu, its flavor was tepid. Again, not bad or unpalatable, but very forgettable.
Overall, Landry's seafood may have had its historical roots in Lafayette, La; however, the company severed all such ties when it became publicly traded and nationally located. Ultimately, this is the equivalent of a Louisiana-themed Red Lobster, minus the biscuits. Do not expect anything more than that. If you are in New Orleans, why on earth are you at a national seafood *chain restaurant* anyway? A family reunion? Well, ok, you get a pass for that one. This place ain't cheap either. My drum with the topping alone was over $30. I could get something similar of far superior quality at one of the Brennans' restaurants for the same price or less. Otherwise, my only other reflection is... location, location, location! This place has that in spades. The view is amazing. Everything else is not.Love the happy hour specials.   You have to order at the bar though to get the happy hour menu.  But that's perfectly alright, the staff are friendly and It has floor to ceiling windows that overlook the lake. If you don't want to eat at the bar or at one of the tables by the window you can take your drinks outside onto the deck and take a seat.  Everything I've tried I've loved.  Prices are on the high side during regular hours but still great service and food.Service was fantastic but their food is lackluster. It could be since they are a chain restaurant. 
I've had better fried seafood at a local Mom and Pop restaurant. I did enjoy their house salad dressing though.Love the ambiance overlooking the lake. Speaking of lake, I ordered the fresh catch which was Talapia, baked, and topped with crab. It was served with Louisiana green beans and a fresh salad.
This is a large meal and it was very, very tasty. The fish was firm and served with a very light white sauce. I do not know the specifics of Louisiana green beans but they were very, very good, too.
My wife had her usual deep fried shrimp dinner. Well pleased as usual.You have better selections than this one. Skip it. There were 2 special drinks ads on each table but they were out of both (had to ask the waitress and she had to check with the bar before she could tell me). The food order went wrong, I had ordered crab cakes dinner and got crab cakes starter. Table was ok clean. Food took a while and was so-so, not bad but not great. I thought this was NO style food but it became clear after a couple of days that NO is much better than this.Our waiter was great, attentive and really took care  of us.... but..... why would you put the shrimp tails in the cocktail sauce????OK the view from the balcony is fantastic.  Really fun to watch the rich and shameless maneuvering their yachts through the canal.  Really lovely.
Then came the food - with paper orders lodged firmly under the crab cakes.  You can see the marks of the fingers in the crab cake.  Now I know the hands were probably in food service gloves, but you shouldn't see the marks on the food - especially at these prices.  Have some class.
Fish was average, vegetables and rice tasteless.  I can get much better Cajun food at better prices.  Not going back.My date took me to Landry's last week for my birthday. We went around 9:00 pm for dinner. There wasn't a wait and that was good considering it was the Thursday before Essence Festival weekend. 
We got a nice table next to a window and I ordered the Oyster Bar Trash which was blackened shrimp, lump crab meat, white rice and a butter/lemon sauce. It was outstanding! I also ordered shrimp fettuccine with alfredo. I was NOT impressed. I had to request more alfredo sauce which was bland. Bertolli makes an excellent alfredo sauce in a jar that cost about $3.00. I should have ordered another appetizer and skipped the entree. Next time I will. My meal came with a salad and I ordered a loaded baked potato also. Everything was great except for the shrimp alfredo. Aside from flavorless sauce there were more blackened shrimp so that made up for it. My date had a simple bacon cheeseburger which came with fries and onion strings. 
We got the salad and appetizer promptly but had to wait about an hour for our meal which was frustrating since they were not crowded. 
I didn't like the fact that after we received the check the waitress came back to collect the money. It hadn't been five minutes. Then she loitered around our table waiting for us to leave. Not sure what that was about.
In the future, I will stick to the bar for happy hour and appetizers which have always worked out in the past.Sat outside with a great view. Service was very attentive. Cold beer and good drinks. 
Food was very good and the deserts were delicious. Great time had by all. 
Thanks guys and we will be backA decent place for some Cajun seafood. The crawfish bread was superb and something you definitely must get. The calamari was good and so were the accompanying sauces. We also got the seafood gumbo which was good but mediocre. The redfish etouffee and sirloin were good as well for what you would expect at a chain store. The "fresh catch of the day" red snapper had to be sent back. There was an off taste and smell for the fish almost sour. Good place for some Cajun food but it felt like a Cajun version of Joe's Crab Shack.Went last night...bar/happy hour/service bad/food nothing to write home about/not impressed/definitely NOT best maitai ever (as menu states)We've always enjoyed the food, the drinks and especially the view! Must try the bread pudding! It's divine!!My parents like to eat here when the visit because it's pretty much the only restaurant left with a view of the lake. Usually we go for lunch after playing golf at City Park or visiting the art museum.
Our waiter today was slow and a little unsure of himself, but things improved when my dad got him to come out of his shell a bit. We all ate appetizers. My dad had the oyster bar debris, which he was very pleased with. My mom had the stuffed shrimp, which looked great and came on a bed of fried onion strings. I ate a few of those and loved them. I had the three seafood salad plate. The crab and avocado salad was excellent and the shrimp remoulade nice. The third part, salmon roulades, was sort of disappointing because they had clearly been frozen and the cream cheese stuffing had crystallized.
We finished sharing a slice of key lime pie. Pretty good filling, nice and tart, but the crust had gone a little soggy.
I recommend the signature mango mojito for a drink. It's tasty.Jimmy treated us right!!! His service was outstanding and he really made sure that my wife's food allergy was handled appropriately. The food was outstanding. Had the gumbo and wanted to lick the bowl. Both of our meals were prepared exactly to our liking and extremely delicious. The entire experience was well worth the drive.I was here the other night with a very large group. 
I had the amberjack and it was fantastic.  (Although I was so full, I couldn't get very far with it!) I had filled up on oysters, salad, and bread before my entree came. 
Service was fantastic.  
The ambiance is quite lovely on Lake Pontchartrain, with views of sailboats, and of course the lighthouse.  I really enjoyed dining here, after having been cooped up in a conference facility with bright lights and no natural sunlight all day.The ambience is great. The drinks at the bar were good. The service was ok. Now the food, I've had better. I had the barbecue shrimp as an appetizer and it was delicious. The fried stuffed shrimp was ok.  I don't think I'll be back, other than for drinks and the beautiful view.2 stars because the food was GREAT! 
The location and view from the restaurant are AMAZINGLY BREATHTAKING. We sat outside on the patio deck and enjoyed our dinner with the great summer breeze.
Everything about the service was awful! The hostess, the waiter, all the way up to the manager were not friendly and barely accommodating. It took us almost 20 minutes to get seated (not busy at all). We almost had to beg to sit outside and we were met with attitude and did not feel welcomed. 
REVIEW UPDATE: The Assistant Manager of Landrys on the Lake reached out to me today via telephone. His name was Jared. Ironically, the night we had a our horrible experience at the end of our dinner we were addressed by a rude, nonchalant Assistant Manager named Jared (same guy). He did not even remember the situation or our dining experience and the horrible service we received!Haven't been here in a very long time.  Came here for happy hour Thursday!  Both bar tenders were extremely friendly and attentive.  The drinks were great and at fantastic prices!Food was amazing,  found myself scrapping my plate , our waiter jimmy was great very helpful and didnt find my needing anything he had it all coveredYou have to get the crawfish bread, It's so delicious! Our first time here and food and service was great. Rob was our server and he helped us with everything: appetizer, wine and entree. He did an amazing job and made our experience better. Great recommendations, great food and we absolutely loved it. I can't want to come back.Awesome food & service! Everything was prepared hot & fresh not to mention very tasty & flavorful. One of the best seafood restaurants I've ever eaten at.Don't bother making a reservation, they really don't care and you are just thrown in the mix with the walk in'sDrinks? Yes.
Food? No.  Go to Bucktown to Live Bait or Deanies or anywhere on  Harrison Avenue instead.  This place is not known for its food, and I wouldn't eat here after one experience I had years ago at the French Quarter location.  It is an overpriced, mediocre, and insulting attempt to replicate New Orleans food on a chain restaurant scale.  The paradox should speak for itself.
That said, I do enjoy going here for drinks with friend from work on a pretty day. The deck is UNMATCHED in this area.One of the great aspects that New Orleans is infamously known for is it's seafood. As any local knows, their are several spots to find in the city and one of those spots is bound to be for you. 
Landry's is one of the more popular options for many locals but my taste buds were actually in for a different mood. So I took a stab and tried "Landry's Chicken Fettuccine Pasta"...which actually took me for a surprise. The Chicken was deliciously seasoned however I wish there was a slightly more portion size of the blackened chicken. The pasta itself was surprisingly scrumptious as well (the entree come with peas and the peas actually meshed well with the dish!). 
Prior to that we received warm, soft bread in a bag with butter which also was quite the treat. 
The overall ambiance of the facility is spectacular. Not to many food establishments in the city have quite a view of the boat docks on Lake Ponchatrain. The option for outside seating is also available. 
Parking is ample so it shouldn't be an issue.
Would I come back? Sure. For interested parties that aren't quite in the mood for seafood, know that there is a delicious alternative for you here.I really love the grilled oyster. Usually I do not like it and it was the first time I tried the grilled one. And the bread with some shrimp is also lovely but I do not know its name. The sauce is great.
The beer is also good.
Most importantly, you can see the lake while you are sitting in the restaurant.This place has a very relaxing by the ocean feeling. I felt like I was on vacation. The food here is very fresh from the cocktails to the seafood. The must trys are the lobsters and crab dishes. The shrimps are really good too. All in all a really nice place for a romantic date or relaxing getaway.The oysters were, eh, but they are sort of seasonal... The rest of the food was awesome, we had no wait, and the service was great. A little pricey, but this is to be expected with seafood.We went to dinner last night at 7 without a reservation and were able to get a table immediately. We had the best service! Our server Rachel was attentive, fast and super accommodating. She gave lots of attention to the kids, and she ensured that they were happy and fed quickly. Wonderful wonderful mealThis was my first time at this restaurant and I had an amazing time. We ordered the seafood platter and salmon. The food was on point and was incredible. This was one of the best salmon I had ever had. Most importantly the waiter was GREAT. He was super attentive even though he seemed busy. He said it was his third day working there but he was really good at his job. Since I was visiting my girlfriend here we asked for recommendations for brunch and night life and he suggested tons for us to do.  I definitely recommend this place. Even though it is a bit expensive the view, food and service makes it all worth it.
The picture doesn't do justice. I started eating and realized I wanted to take a picture so it looks a bit messy.2 stars because the food was GREAT! 
The location and view from the restaurant are AMAZINGLY BREATHTAKING. We sat outside on the patio deck and enjoyed our dinner with the great summer breeze.
Everything about the service was awful! The hostess, the waiter, all the way up to the manager were not friendly and barely accommodating. It took us almost 20 minutes to get seated (not busy at all). We almost had to beg to sit outside and we were met with attitude and did not feel welcomed.We went thinking there would be happy hour but they don't have it on the weekends. 
We were just in the mood for appetizers or a sandwich. 
We decided to get the fried green tomatoes Acadiana which had crawfish and sausage underneath each half of the tomato. These were very good and I would do them again. 
We also got the fish poboy that came with fries and onion straws. The sandwich was very big and plenty for us to split. 
I would rather come on the days and times happy hour is running to get the great appetizer prices and drink prices. 
The view is beautiful from this restaurant.Landry's Seafood in Lakeview (New Orleans) has a beautiful exterior (outstanding view of Lake Pontchartrain) and interior (probably prettier than 90% of the seafood restaurants in the city), the wait staff are enthusiastic and friendly, and the ambiance is there. I ordered the grilled shrimp (wonderful, with cream-gravy dirty rice and a huge, perfectly steamed piece of broccoli), and my dinner mates had seafood platters, which they remarked were quite good. We would return, here, and we recommend it. RJTAt the end of last week with my son and his girlfriend we had an excellent dinner at Landry's. We initially attempted to go to Deanies but it was packed and we did not want to wait 2 hours so we went around the corner and had an excellent meal here. We started off with the crawfish bread and shrimp appetizers and shared entrees of the seafood platter and crawfish etouffee. We ended with a dessert of Bananas Foster bread pudding which was excellent our waitress Karen and attentive manager Ruan provided for an excellent meal and I would suggest this to anyone seeking a nice environment overlooking the water with excellent serviceNice surroundings, good food, and reasonably priced for what you get, but feels and acts like the chain restaurant that it is. They move so many people through here that it feels like a cattle call. Hostesses have never been friendly and always try to seat you away from the windows. Servers are friendly and efficient but aggressive. Our server interrupted our meal, literally while we were eating our food, for nearly five minutes to try to hype joining their parent company's membership club. He kept jabbering until finally I just had to interrupt him and tell him I wasn't interested. He also launched into lengthy details about menu items (appetizers) that I didn't want. How about asking, "Are you interested in an appetizer?" instead of describing them in 500 words or more? I realize he was just doing what they've apparently told him to do, but it was irritating and intrusive. So my summary is: Why would anyone go here for seafood in New Orleans when there are so many wonderful, locally owned places with great food, history, and atmosphere? If it's for the view of the lake, personally I don't think it's worth it.Went for a family dinner and enjoyed every bit of it. The food was delicious. Very fast service. Will definitely return soon and ask for the same waiter as tonight. Jimmy was awesome. Helped us make dinner choices & very friendly. Couldn't have had a better waiter for our dining experience!This is incredible restaurant to bring the family, or hang out for happy hour after work. I love ,love the drinks especially Bayou tea but for those Rita drinkers the Patron Rita is the bomb too. Appetizers where do I start, the calamari and oyster bar trash  are the amazing. Wait staff are excellent, very knowledgeable about the menu. My waiter today was Justin and he made my experience enjoyable. I will be returning very soon.Landry's Seafood is way way overpriced and the food is average at best.  I got the fried seafood platter and was surprised on how little you get for $25. I could have gone to Deanies and got 2 or 3 times that amount for the same price.
The shrimp were tough and the food didnt have much taste. I would compare their seafood to Long John Silvers with a hefty price tag. 
If your looking for seafood, I would avoid Landrys and look elsewhere.Had an excellent meal with outstanding table service from Jimmy our waiter. Joined the Landry Select Club for future visits on the spot after Jimmy's presentation and explanation. 
This was not the first visit. Both the food and service were consistent with the first time's experience, which is one of the reasons we came back and brought out of town guests. They were please with the quality and quanity of food, as well as the service and the beautiful view of Lake Pontchartrain.My wife and I enjoyed a nice lunch date at Landry's! We chose to sit outside and enjoy the lake view on a beautiful day (which was wonderful minus the abundance of milkweed bugs). 
We started with the crawfish bread which was to die for! Then followed by their house salad which had an amazing mustard vinaigrette dressing. We shared a seafood platter (fried fish, oysters, and shrimp w/ fries and onion rings) and it was pretty good but not great. We also shared a crab cake sandwich that we seemed to favor over the seafood platter.
Our server was very friendly and attentive to our needs to the best of his ability, given  he had two other tables in this section outside. He was the only employee we even saw pass by our table so it can be a little difficult to flag someone down if you need something like a drink refill. Next time we will sit inside with a window view. 
Overall a well rounded experience and we will be back for some of that crawfish bread! Maybe the delicious looking banana's foster they had on display as well!WAAAAAY overpriced.  It was good, but not the best I've ever had, nice location, you can watch the yachts come in.We kept walking past this place and decided to try it. Our server, Kyle, was very enthusiastic - about selling us some type of membership where we could get discounts at several other restaurants. Once we told him were were not interested, things went downhill. Did we want water? Yes - then had to remind him to bring it. Was the $16 fried blue crab appetizer big enough to share? Sure - if you think splitting one crab between 2 adults is enough. For the price, we expected more (it was, however, very good). Fried seafood platter was fine, not bad but nothing special. Hubby's catfish dish was good. Entrees came with a salad - server asked us what type of dressing we'd like - then promptly forgot to bring it. Since he wasn't checking in on us we had to flag him down. This is a nice location, but needs to have more attentive service.Happy Hour is pretty good. Nice selection of HH drinks and food. Service is friendly and efficient.   They staff the bar to take care of the anticipated crowd. Tried several good options on the menu and they are all good.I went here solely to avoid parades and long lines at nearby restaurants and as expected other than the great location and view the experience was one to forget. The service was bad the food ok and the price not worth it. Why live in New Orleans and go to a chain seafood restaurant?This is a pretty good chain restaurant. Came to this location while I was visiting New Orleans. The service was great and the food was even better. If you can grab a seat outside. I would definitely recommend folks to try this spot, you won't be disappointed :-)AMAZING! And an amazing view of Lake Pontchartrain. Service was quick and the staff was so friendly. I ordered the crawfish etouffee and shrimp and sausage gumbo and both were amazing. The drinks were also delicious!We went to Laundry's two nights ago, and I have to say it really exceeded my expectations. We sat by the window, and had a great view of the water, the service was spot on, and the food was outstanding. 
My friend had the apple/pretzel flounder with a sangria sauce and I had a lobster tail, that came with a sweet potato that was undeniably the best side I have ever had. They make their own cinnamon butter and add pecan pieces to it. Yum! 
Laundry's is a Great date spot as well. Enjoy!The foods really great, but even the best from the kitchen can't get rid of the bad taste the service left. When taking my visiting family to a place I thought was going to deliver on all levels, we found a restaurant that excells at taking the word "service" out of service industry. We sat at the table for 10 min before being acknowledged.... There were a total of 6 tables in the entire resturant at that time. I had a hunch things were going to go further downhill when our server did not know Melbec was a type of wine. After pointing the brand out to him on the menu of our choice, he replied "two Melbec Cabernet Sauvignon coming up" luckily the cronos computer doesn't allow you to mix two wines together so we did get Melbec! He then returned twice to the table to reask food orders since he forgot and never wrote them down. Appetizers and salads (he forgot to ask dressings) arrived at the same time which was fine, but then entrees arrived about 3 minutes following..... Well, all but one. My fiancé sat there food less. To make matters worse, our server was MIA once again . I had a brief sense of relief when the manager that was just passing by, acknowledged the issue on his own... But then nothing was done to correct it! The server finally returned, and when questioned about the missing plate, he reasked the original order. When he returned from the kitchen again, he informed us it was 86ed! By the time his meal came we were all done eating. My visiting cousin decided to order another drink since we were having our dinning "experience" extended.... The drink didn't come until after all the plates were cleared and the unaltered check (manager still also MIA!) was paid. Thank goodness it's Nola and you can take it to go bc we didn't want to waste anymore of our time there! Whe I did have the hostess (who was extremely helpful) locate the manager, he only told us how our experience should have been. Then he told us our server was seasoned and "one of their best!" he gave me a coupon for a free dessert for my next visit... I told him it was of no use to me because if that was "one of his best" I don't want to experience one of his worst! The only reason why this place is getting any stars is because they have delicious food... I suggest take out.I am giving this review 5 stars because the only bad issue was no fault of the restaurant and they apologized profusely. 
The food was excellent and service was wonderful! We had oysters, filet minion, Cobb salad, cucumber martini, dirty olive martini, White Russian and bananas foster....all was perfect! We lived sitting on the deck enjoying the light breeze and lovely view!!  We were here on business but if in the area again, will most definitely return! This was WAY better than our dinner the night prior at the neighboring restaurant! 
Thank you!Nope- husband and I went for happy hour. We ordered 6 shrimp that took an hour to get. These were 6 shrimp that they had to pull our from a fridge as we only wanted cold shrimp on a plate with cocktail sauce. We also ordered other appetizers which took a good 45 minutes to come. We were also charged for appetizers we never ordered. I hate giving this review because the place was gorgeous and had a lovely patio and I wish I could say we would be going back.Novio and I decided to finally visit lake Ponchtrain, after some heavy walking we decided to get a bite to eat. We are trying to save money so we went during Landry's happy hour. Once we got there, it was a very nice, fresh, seaside local. When it was time to order our drinks, it turns out that happy hour was only for those seated at the bar, which was quite unfortunate. I drank a water while he had himself a nice Samuel Adams, he was paying after all. We ordered Rockefeller oysters on the waiters recommendation, the half dozen was so good that we ordered another one. We thanked him graciously. Once completed came the bill, not too bad at $40. All in all it was an afternoon well spent. The service was spectacular. A-OK is because there wasn't a large variety on the Menu (in our opinion), and we were disappointed with their selective happy hour regulations.I guess this place survives by it's location. The seafood wasn't at all fresh and I have gotten better tasting fried food at places that were alot more affordable. My shrimp cocktail tasted like refrigeration, and the seafood platter was large but the flavor was very disappointing. The server answered questions with I think!!!Stopped for late lunch on an overcast day. Sat outdoors with our new pup. It was really pleasant watching the boats and the impending storm. Food was delicious. Has 3 appetizers:  calamari, fried green tomatoes, & crab cake. Enough for me, but had the avocado/crab salad. Server was good, helpful.I know it's a chain but I've always had good luck with Landry's restaurants. The crawfish etoufee was well seasoned. You could taste the crawfish and it was reasonably priced. 
My husband's oyster po-boy was actually better than liuzza's on the track which gets better press on po-boys.  And it was cheaper too.  So with reasonably priced wines by the glass and a nice view of the lake, this really isn't view food.  I would return if in the area.I have to confess, I had attitude walking in here.  Landry's is not only a chain, but a huge conglomerate that owns several other chains, and it was my first evening in New Orleans, and I wanted to try smaller, more local restaurants that were more unique than the chain experience. 
I stayed at a bed and breakfast in the area, and I had tried to visit the two restaurants closest to this location, Blue Crab and another, but they closed around 9pm midweek.  Landry's stayed open barely later than 930pm. 
I sat on the outside deck and had a hurricane, my first, and the crawfish etouffee.  First bite, first sip, and I was in love.  Really delicious food and drinks here, and I enjoyed this much more than I expected to.  A wonderful flavorful experience.  
I would definitely return here or recommend it to others.The coolest thing about this place is the location on the lake. The food is mediocre at best. For a seafood restaurant, the fish should be fresh but to me it tastes old and like it was frozen. How is it possible to be this close to the Gulf of Mexico and serve mediocre seafood? I don't get it.Food was pretty good. The service was lacking.  The view was nice but you will pay the price for it in the bill."Warning Will Rogers, warning!..."  You are now entering the corporate crap zone.
Nice view and staff.  Ordered the fresh oysters -- they must have been irradiated -- a practice that crappy corporate food chains engage in for liability reasons and general laziness for proper chefs and oyster shucking.  Or worse they were spoiled.  The result is a chewy disgusting oyster with no flavor.  They were immediately sent back and we left.
At best, stick to something safe like bottled beer and fried food, if you like that sort of corporate culinary cudd.3.5 stars for the food, it was pretty good. The oysters and corn/crab chowder were great. 2 stars for service. We had a group of 12 and were there for over 2 hours. I wouldn't go back with a group over 4 people, but regardless we always had empty drinks. Had a hard time tipping even 15%.Had an amazing meal here. From the service to the meal was really perfect. Everything was tasty and served fresh and hot. Our server didn't miss a beat; she was really lovely. Prices were exactly the same as a very disappointing meal we had the evening before.The worse seafood in New Orleans. The best thing there was the house made salad dressing it was a awesome salad. Friends had lobster it was over cooked and Cold. The seafood platter was horrible. The service was great but the cooking can use work.Want to say thanks to Ken, our waiter.. Excellent service and food.. And great company.. Good time.. Definitely recommend..Meh. 
That's how I felt after leaving here the other night. I've been to Landry's plenty of times in the past in other cities with my experiences being very so so and only once to this location over a year ago with my experience being terrible, but on this lovely evening, me and hub were in search of a nice place to dine outside so we could enjoy the water. I'm all about giving places another try because I know management changes from time to time and that can totally change everything. 
The good: the view is wonderful and I feel like they have the perfect patio/deck to soak up the scenery. The drinks were decent as well. Nothing stood out but both had ample amounts of alcohol. 
The bad: the food is sooooooo mediocre. For what you pay, you would expect so much more. Even the bread they bring out initially is crap. I ordered the blackened redfish étouffée which had a total of about three crawfish on top accompanied with the worst dirty rice I've ever had and "creole green beans." I still don't know what made them creole because they literally tasted liked canned green beans soaked in butter. My husband ordered the snapper which came with asparagus and what was supposed to be pimento grits but tasted more like mashed potatoes. All we could do was laugh after taking a bite cause we both agreed how terrible they were. His fish was decent. In addition to our crappy meals, someone decided that it would be a good idea to stick our plates in the oven after the food was done cooking and run them under the broiler so everything was dried out and crispy. 
Overall would I come back? Maybe for apps and desserts, but for a meal? Hades no. Our bill came up to about $82 and I felt like it was money thrown down the toilet. At least the view was nice though so we did get something out of the evening...Blue crab cakes and cheese grits , red fish and oysters Rockefeller all where amazing great service and cocktails! And a beautiful view of Lake Pontchartrain while we enjoyed dinner!First of all this is part of a national chain restaurant. I prefer local establishments. Also, I'm not a fan of seafood, friends picked this restaurant. However, the location was beautiful. They have a nice sized patio that overlooks Lake Pontchartrain, a marina and a lighthouse. It was a great place for pictures. The day we went, it was very crowded. There had been two college graduations earlier in the day. But, we were able to make a reservation and get a table for a party of seven quickly. The service was slow, but this may have been because there were so many people. The food was good but expensive, probably because of the location.Went here during lunch with a friend and I have to say the experience was great! We were seated promptly after waiting at the door for maybe a minute or so as the host was seating another table. We chose to sit inside. Although the weather was wonderful outside, it was still too warm. Our waitress Dena was awesome! She was so nice and very knowledgable about the menu and answered any question I had. She checked up on us regularly, but not in a bothersome way. We started off with the crab, spinach, and artichoke dip which was AMAZING. The crab was a generous portion, the dip was hot, chips were nice and crispy and not salty. Definitely recommend this! She came to take our entree orders next and I settled on the shrimp enbrochette. It was shrimp that was stuffed, had cheese, wrapped in bacon. It was good, but a bit overwhelming for me. I didn't care too much for the stuffing but it was definitely filling and this came with dirty rice and green beans, both good sides that complimented the dish well. Oh, can't forget to mention both my friend and i had a salad that came with our entree. It was simple, tossed in a vinaigrette that was tasty! My friend had the blackened catfish atchafalaya which came with dirty rice, also good! I dont care too much for fish, but liked this. Although full, we had to try the dessert and I am so happy I did. We did a mini dessert sampler that included bread pudding, creme brûlée, and some type of brownie dessert. The bread pudding and creme brûlée were PHENOMENAL! I would definitely get those again. I didn't like the brownie dessert as it was too chocolately for me. A bit too much. Otherwise service was great, food was amazing, and the view was nice. I'd come back again!This was our first visit but we will definitely be back. Service was exceptional and the food was cooked perfectly.The food was mediocre at best. Service was slow and less than accommodating. However the atmosphere is beautiful, we ate on the patio and it was amazing.Great, low key happy hour spot on the water!    The food is good, the view and drinks are better, but overall it's worth it.  Can't beat $8 dozen oysters.The view is incredible, our server was amazing! He always had my drink filled, he laughed with us (table of 8 girls) and he handled himself well! I hate that I can't remember his name but he had a bun! If you get the guy with the bun and beard, you go glen coco! Gave it four stars because it was pricey for what you get. Overall great experience! Thanks bun bun!Had great Birthday Lunch today! 
John had gumbo & crawfish étouffée! 
And piece of delicioush Chocolate Cake.
Great views on patio of Lake Pontchatrain.Great Food!  Great View!  We sat outside.  But most of all, absolutely great service from Kailey.  We will be coming back.The food was awesome!!  The service was outstanding!!  Jimmy was our server.  He was friendly, professional, and knowledgeable.  I like a waiter to make suggestions and he did.  We will definitely be back for the food and good times with Jimmy.
60001Omg this place is amazing ,I was on vacay for my birthday and visiting family. Their food is excellent and great service. Definitely set the bar.Excellent shrimp and andouille gumbo with an awesome view of the lake.  My friend had the box lunch special with Romano chicken and fried green tomatoes and his portion sizes were huge.  Our server was very engaging, attentive and complimentary.My family and I went to Landry's on the Lake during a mini-vacation in New Orleans this past weekend. We enjoyed quite a few meals in the Big Easy, but this one was definitely one of our favorites as the view of Lake Ponchartrain could not be beat!
We dined on the back patio overlooking the lake. The breeze was cool and my mango mojito was the perfect refreshment!
We were just there for drinks and some apps and Landry's did not disappoint.
Our order consisted of:
Crab, Spinach and Artichoke Dip
-served with tortilla chips
Oysters Rockefeller
-topped with spinach, bacon and cheese
Firecracker Shrimp
-battered and fried with a sweet chili sauce
Fried Green Tomatoes
-topped with crawfish and sauce
BBQ Shrimp
-served in a french bread boat thing?
Our favorite was by far the BBQ shrimp for the sauce alone... not quite sure what it was, I think the menu called it a BBQ butter? But it was great. Tangy and spicy. I think I could drink it if given the option. The bread was served crispy and was perfect for sopping up that delicious sauce! 
The service was friendly and efficient. Next time we're in NOLA, we will definitely stop by again!If your reaching for scenery, this is the spot! The food is OK, but I would recommend it more for a nice date when it is cool outside.While this place has a nice waterfront location, I didn't care for the food at all.  I got a crab cake which came with I think grits, and some asparagus.
The crab cake just didn't seem to be of very good quality or freshness.  The asparagus was a bit rubbery (overcooked).  All in all, my entire dish just tasted and looked like something you'd get in some tacky, smelly restaurant in the marketplace near the French Quarter, and that caters to tourists and is more focused on high turnover of tables, than quality.
The dish came with a salad, which was very underwhelming and like the type of salad you might find at the Red Lobster or TGIF salad bar.  Ditto for the po-boy type bread with whipped 'butter'.
The only thing this place has going for it is location and view.I've had mostly good experiences with Landry's--especially at this location.  The best was the latest dinner. Apps, including artichoke dip and the fresh calamari, we're very good. The Parmesan encrusted "shrimp fresca" was delicious, topped with lump crab meat over a bed of cheese grits. Bread pudding was standard.  
The atmosphere is what raises this location from the 3-4 stars that I'd give the Quarter location to 5 stars.  Two of my favorite dining experiences came here due to Lake Pontchartrain being the backdrop.  You just can't beat eating a good plate of seafood with whitecaps whipping around due to an approaching tropical storm, or a sunset dinner sitting outside on the lake, with the lighthouse providing a little ambience.  The only thing that would make it better would be a little more of a local focus (chargrilled oysters, I'm talking to you).It was Father's Day and it was a good thing we booked a reservation through Open Table and when we arrived we were seated right away. My wife loves their wedge salad and I ordered the BBQ Shrimp with Crab Cake and Pimento Cheese Grits. The flavor combination was great but I would have preferred the Shrimp and sauce to have been separated. But overall a good meal with a very good presentation. Our waitress was on time and very knowledgable of the menu. We have always enjoyed the Landry chain and been to several of their restaurant in other cities.Dined here with a big group, mostly my family. We had a bunch of kiddos with us and and obviously we ordered from the kids  menu for them. Firstly, the food is OKAY and the service was awful!! We were charged for all the kids drinks even though the menu stated that the kids meal includes a drink (photo attached). We felt like we were being ripped off. We wouldn't mind paying for the drinks, but when you advertise something and do the opposite, it's a problem. MAKE SURE YOU LOOK AT YOUR CHECK, so you don't feel like you're being ripped off. Never coming back here.Went to Landry's Seafood restaurant on Lakeshore Dr. on Saturday, July 18th celebring my son's 30th birthday.  Called in ahead of time to schedule a reservation to be seated on the Patio/deck and the person told me I wouldn't have any problem with getting a table for 2 on the outside.  I was presently surprised when we arrived and gave our names, we were seated outside with the most beautiful view facing the Yacht Club on the lake. There were many parties ahead of us on a waiting list waiting to be seated, but I think they wanted to be seated inside the restaurant.  Our server's name was Dane, he greated us within minutes of sitting down to get our drink order.  I must say I was very dissapointed in my drink selection, the  "Captain's Punch", heavily mixed with fruit juices and you couldn't tell there was rum in the drink at all. I usually get this drink when I come to Happy Hour on a Friday, and I'm always bragging on how good this drink is.  Maybe, this particular bartender just went too heavy on the tropical juices and forgot to put the rum in it.  The food selection, I must say, was "Excellent".  We started out with appetizers, Spinach and Crab dip and the New Orleans Crawfish Bread.  I had the Filet Mignon (very flavorable and tender), baked potato and salad.  My son had the Grilled shrimp over dirty rice, broccolli and salad.  Also, my son was given a complimentary dessert, since it was his birthday. He said it was delicious!  Even though the menu was pricey, it was very well worth it, considering the beautiful view of the lake, boats and the "Best Server" you could get.  Dane was so attentive and very pleasant.  My husband's birthday is in August and my birthday is in September, so we will be back.Went yesterday,910/16. ordered seafood platter@ $26.90.
Fried Shrimp,Oysters, Fish.
The oysters and shrimp were ok, but the fish was cut about 1/4 ''(being generous), and the breading was 1/8''all sides. unacceptable.
Service was excellent. Heinz was my waiter.
Salad was excellent.Service was great--I think Katie was our waitress.  Tanquery martinis ok but a bit watery.  Oysters on the half shell--not good.  ok this is New Orleans in August, but I just had them at Dragos, and they were perfect.  Should have sent them back.  Stuffed shrimp, ok but ho hum. Salad with blue cheese dressings as expected. I won't go back.One of my favorite restaurants.  Love seating on the patio deck and watch the boats on the lake.  Ordered the Crab & Avocato salad to share with our guests.  As usual, it was awesome!  Everyone liked it.  Also ordered the fried green tomatoes with crawfish to share.  Yummy!  Seafood is good & fresh. 
Husband usually has the shrimp & catfish platter.  He never complains and the plate is almost always clean when done (stray french fries don't count).  
Desserts very good! We've been working our way through the dessert tray and haven't had a bad one yet.  Banana crepe!!  Brownie a la mode!!   Creme brûlée!!
Rewards card for extra benefits! !!Looking for a spot to enjoy a cool refreshing cocktail whilst basking in the fragrant lakefront breeze and watch sailboats slowly cross the horizon?!?  One would think that Landry's on Lakes Shore Drive would perfectly fit the bill. NOPE! Sorry to say HUGE disappointment. The location is perfect and positively the ONLY reason to ever visit this establishment! 
* Service = Never enough staff (equates to long wait and poor service.)
* Food  = Totally mediocre and overpriced. (both tolerable since I choose Landry's mostly for the atmosphere and views).
* BOOZE =FAIL. FAIL. FAIL..... Sorry but I expect good drinks. The Margaritas we were served were pure simple syrup. First, the drink we ordered didn't list simple syrup as an ingredient in the "Perfect Patron". Second, did I mention I'm a margarita connoisseur? Third, the bartender agreed that the simple syrup isn't listed as an ingredient in the perfect patron margarita, BUT that's how they make them. So we chose to dump that attempt at a drink and ordered straight Parton Silver and Cointreau with fresh lime. At this point let me reiterate - I'm a tequila drinker, I'm a Cointreau drinker.  In these 'STRAIGHT FROM THE BOTTLE' drinks, the alcohol was barely detectable!! Yes, folks it appears that Landry's Lakefront serves watered down brand liquors. And if Landry's isn't watering down their liquors they are certainly being duped by whomever sold them the stuff they are peddling. 
RECAP: BOOZE. A. MAJOR. FAIL.
If it were possible to rate less than one star this rating would be starless. We will not make a return visit to this establishment. An establishment that must stay in business strictly due to its location. Location. Location.  Location.
So, Still, Looking for a spot to enjoy a cool refreshing cocktail whilst basking in the fragrant lakefront breeze and watch sailboats slowly cross the horizon?!?  
Skip Landrys. Mix up a batch of your desired cocktails, grab a bottle of your beloved vino or fill an ice chest with a twelve pack of your favorite brewskis..... And head out to Lakeshore drive. Have you seen the lakefront lately? It's a splendid place to 'cop a squat', enjoy a warm breeze and down a cold one.First time in 10 years. Exterior is a beautiful array of construction design. Not a big fan of the 3 level of stairs. Interior is very comfortable and inviting. 
We were sat promptly by a semi happy hostess. Service was barely slow, but within an acceptable time of being greeted by our server (Michael). He was very friendly and attentive. 
We got the onion string appetizer, minus the jalapeños. They were good, but they did remind me of the onion strings you get in a can at the store. 
She got the fried green tomatoes and I the Chicken &Mushrooms. 
Both were excellent and were very tasty. But, you know I have to leave at least 1 little regret or suggestion. The Chicken filet could of been a bit thicker, thus helping it retain a higher level of moisture. It was a tad too dry for my taste and a little tough around the edges. Other than that, it was worth the money and the service was some of the best.My wife & I have been to Landry's on more than a few occasions but never to this location. The view was great. They have plenty seating inside and out. The service was awesome and the food was great as well and plentiful. This will be our spot to bring guest when they come in town. It will also be one of our date night spots. Great experience!I went here for lunch with friends, including a local, who LOVES this place. I got a blue crab cake appetizer that was 90% crab - as opposed to other filling - so I was very happy with that. BIG UPS for the sweet potato with honey, butter, and pecan (house style). That pleasantly took me by surprise. Friends got salads and a shrimp entree that looked pretty good.
Outdoor seating was nice but didn't offer that much of a view - a couple boats and the yacht club (though I'm not sure if the seating goes all the way around, it would've been nicer to have a view of the lake). Service was fine and the food, overall, was good but maybe a little overpriced. That said, they did offer to split our check, which I'm not used to coming from NYC, so that was another pleasant surprise.
Basically, my impression of this place was that it was good enough. It didn't knock my socks off, but there's nothing wrong with it. The food I got was pretty good but it wasn't enough to really fill us up completely or have us talking about it later (as a lot of other places do). If I'm in this neck of the woods again, I wouldn't put up a fight about returning here, but I might want to try another place first.I hadn't been to Landry's in years because I had always deemed it decent but not overwhelming and there are stories of them importing Chinese crawfish and other things to cut costs.  This week I had a corporate event there in a semi private room and the experience is changing my tune a bit.  
Our server was very sweet and was cutting up with us and the food was very good; much better than in the past.    First, they brought a huge bowl of salad for each table and all the produce tasted fresh (not the bagged stuff).  Next course was a seafood gumbo that was thick and rich and not over salted, which is a common occurrence with gumbo.  The main course was a delicious lightly battered Mahi topped with shrimp and crabmeat and some sort of sauce that was heavenly and really brought out the flavor of the dish.  It was absolutely delicious and was served with a side of dirty rice and broccoli.  Even my desert, a slice of chocolate mousse cake was light and moist and the perfect end to the meal.  
Since Landry's is a seafood restaurant, It deserves to be mentioned that a friend got the tenderloin steak with twice baked potato and said it was perfectly cooked and tender and delicious as well.  One final note, that Landry's lakefront has wonderful ambience and prettiest waterfront view in town too.Got to hope they read the reviews and make some changes.  If the food was any good, it would be standing room only.  The view is fabuLous...the food is awful.  It tastes like frozen mass produced fast food.  Work around the menu as best you can.  The salad is just okay, but usually edible...have a drink, watch the boats and then go to Harrison ave. for real food.  Three stars but only for the view.The waiter was excellent, but the  food was generic and underwhelming. The key lime pie was a major disappointment. The location is amazing, but you can do much better.Lunch on the lake at Landry's was amazing.  I absolutely loved the experience from start to finish.  My waitress was so kind and diligent.  The summer sangrias were absolutely amazing-light, refreshing,  and very flavorful. I had the fried shrimp which as simple as it sounds,  we're by far the best fried shrimp I've had!  My mom had the stuffed shrimp entree which was absolutely amazing. Lunch includes fries and onion strings (for my fellow indecisive/greedy ppl). The salad and balsamic honey mustard dressing was absolutely delightful!  Definitely returning for happy hour!It was sooooo good! The view, the service, and the food was superb. I will definitely be making this a trip every time I'm in the area. I had the Landry's fettuccine with chicken and it was by far the best I've had in Louisiana! It is definitely a must try place!Always a great experience here! The service is always wonderful! Our waiter Michael was the best! He was very sweet and handled our table very well! 
The food is always wonderful. If you seat outside, you'll have great food, great company, & a great view! I always leave happy and full!I was visiting the Landry's in New Orleans I had eaten at one in Texas and loved it so I have to come to the one here thinking it be great. I come to New Orleans often and was very upset when I got here and the restaurant didn't have very many people but it took me 15 minutes to get asked what I'd like to drink then another 15 to get my drink. Later they asked what I wanted to eat then came back and didn't have anything that I wanted in the kitchen.  When I got my steak it wasn't cooked the way I asked for and then I tried my sisters chicken which was very dry. Overall the Landry's in New Orleans is not a place I will becoming back to ever again!So many things went wrong I've tried to block them all out. This place needs to be overhauled. The management is poor, the servers are untrained, the cooks are barely trying to make the food edible. You truly only come here for the view. My best advice is to just order a water and the cheapest thing on the menu you don't mind wasting money on, and just soak in the view.We decided to check out Landry's because it was right on Lake Ponchartrain. The restaurant itself it huge, albeit totally empty the night we visited. It also lacked character but I suppose that's expected at a chain restaurant! The waitress was very friendly and offered her suggestions on what to order. I decided on the seared ahi tuna steak with the pimiento grits and substituted asparagus for the Cajun green beans. Unfortunately there was an up charge for the asparagus of $3, which I think is a little excessive considering the asparagus weren't all that great. The grits were great and the ahi tuna steak was cooked perfectly. They also serve break with an excessive amount of butter on it with your meals! Yay! My mom ordered a dozen oysters on a half shell. They weren't as good as other restaurants in the area, but they did the job! Overall the restaurant was ok. Nothing special, not a place I was necessarily recommend, and not a place I spend the night at again if I were in town for a short trip.Arrived starving after a long day of exploring.  We loved the view and the service was great.  We really enjoyed the food.  There was a mention in a previous post the green beans tasted like they were out of a can with no seasoning. The green beans we were served were definitely fresh and well seasoned.  We ordered the Oyster Bar Trash appetizer and we both loved it. I had the fresh catch Pontchartrain and my husband had the salmon. We left clean plates and were very happy with our meal.  This is not a quiet romantic restaurant so don't expect that. They have a great patio area and it's a casual atmosphere.I don't want to go into a long rant, but the food is very subpar, if its not on Lake Ponchartrain....This place is great! I was thrown by the negative Yelp reviews, but we decided to go for it anyways and I'm glad we did! 
My family and I were just in town for Mardi Gras and we were looking get away from the debauchery at the French Quarter for a bit and have a relaxing meal. This Landry's location is perfect for that. It's located right on Lake Pontchartrain with outdoor patio seating and a view. 
We went for seafood and that's what we got. Everyone was happy and stuffed. The bill for 5 people including a platter as an appetizer and 2 shared desserts was $145...some might think it's pricey, but coming from LA that seems like a steal. Mostly it was just a good time with good atmosphere. Highly recommended.Went for lunch and it was great. Had gumbo, and an oyster and shrimp poboy. Gumbo was very good for a restaurant,  and the poboy was too. Stan, the bartender was great;  very attentive. Ask for him.Had the seafood platter...average. I can cook this at home and you can too. Comes with green peas, they were old and kinds tough, they didn't cut the ends off.  Rice was bit too salty. Crab was a mixture of something mushy and was ok. The 8 shrimps were def over cooked. Fish was good. Salad was similar to costco's. Servers knew nothing about pairing with wine.    Overall, avg seafood diner like the rest, nothing extravagant.  Nice view of the lake though...This is the first time I ate at this Landry's location. I had dinner here last month during my last trip to New Orleans. I guess I'm just not a fan of Landry's. Nothing is spectacular on the menu and none of the food really captures my memory. Our server was terrible.Well first off I wish I could give no stars but it is what it is second me, my wife and my 3 kids walked in right off the bate me and my wife was felling a little juged like everyone that worked there was looking at use up and down third are waiter asked I wanted a bottle of wine lol really wow the food sucked the prises was way to high had a good day with kids but the worst at this place couldn't wait to get the checkWe came here from Chicago...for our friends 35th bday.
Picked Landrys for fresh seafood.
Beautiful asmosphere..the water..the boats...pretty.
Our drinks were good.
Our server had the personality of a 100 year old sloth.
He was deadful.
We waited an hour for our dinner..after telling us twice they were out of the fish we ordered.  
After...2 of which were wrong. We get it fresh fish runs out.....still. 
Had to return the pasta dish..it had shrimp..asked for chicken.
Ended up taking it back to hotel..cause by the time we got it..the rest of us were done eating. 
Im told it was good though.
Talked to the manager...he seemed like we were a bother to even bring it to his attention. Had the nerve to ask why we didn't inform him of the allergy to fish.  
It came out wrong anyways. 
Our last meal in New Orleans...and it was a terrible experience.Great food great service great atmosphere. Had  Jimmy for a waiter. 1st class   I had Blue crab cake and BBQ shrimp. Wife had pan
Seared Red Snapper. Excellent.View is amazing and the drinks are delicious! That's about the extent of the positive. Food is typical chain food, and not great. I had the BBQ shrimp with crab cakes the first time - decent, but not something I wanted to order again. Second time I got the crab and avocado salad, dressing was awful and watery, no flavor. Crab was off too, not fishy, just not good. The crouton bread served with the salad was stale and cold, as if out of the cooler. Corn and crab chowder was tasty but served room temperature, not even warm. On the first occasion we were served warm bread and butter, this time not, and no offer. Husband ordered a wedge salad and enjoyed it, and his burger was decent too. Service was slow and inattentive both times, most of the staff seems to hang out at the bar or hide on the balcony on their phones until a manager fusses them and they scatter. 
Probably won't return for dinner, but def. for drinks and that water front balcony view.This place from the outside looks like your everyday Fudpucker's, Shaggy's type of concept. Then when you walk up the stairs you see white linen draped over the tables, so what is it a fine dine restaurant or casual. We were seated outside on the deck and it was a nice view. We were greeted after waiting for five minutes then the server approached our table took our drink order asked us if we were interested in apps and she bolted. I looked at the menu for the appetizers and my jaw dropped $14 for spinach and artichoke dip! The cheapest app was over $8 bucks. Burgers were $14 for a basic cheese burger and all the other items were $18 and above. Having managed fine dine restaurants I can understand certain items on the menu the way they are priced, but come on $14 for a burnt burger that was supposed to be mid rare. Never again I'd rather stay with Commanders Palace, Palace cafe, etc. Big time thumbs down!!!I love Landry's where the food is consistently great.  I had lunch today and our server, Jimmy, helped us make the best selection:  the stuff mushrooms for an appetizer, J. Loir chardonnay, blue crab cakes with BBQ shrimp over cheese grits.  Thanks Jimmy and Landry's for a wonderful way to spend New Year's day.  We will be back without a doubt.Best eating experience we had in NOLA.  Sat on the deck and watched the sailboats.  Boiled seafood dinner was excellent.  Wait staff were polite & pleasant.Very pretty environment, there's a really nice view of lake Pontchartrain. Now the food is good. I went there about 4 times and the food was always good not greaaat but good. I just basically get shrimp étouffée which I like. I got the salmon once it was really good too.Food was good. Our waitress seemed like she was just ready to go home. She seemed very aggravated and rushed us.Came here for dinner, looking for something with a scenic view since we were out driving by the lake. Majority of the restaurant was empty. Our server was mediocre. Checked in and walked off several times, even though we did have questions. It took 20 mins to get our beers. The food took forever to come out. Like 40 mins forever. The waitress came out twice to tell us the food was coming out and stated she didn't know why it was taking so long. However when we asked to just box it up to go, the food came out in 5 mins and she brought the check quickly. Like my husband said, what a waste of space for a really crappy restaurant to take up. Money down the drain!First and foremost, the thing that "makes" this place is definitely the view and the location. There is just something really nice about eating lunch on the Lakefront, even if you are eating at a chain.
This is a former Joe's Crab Shack and I hadn't eaten in this building in probably 10 years. I came for lunch and there was a pretty decent crowd, but we were seated quickly. 
Looking over the menu, I decided that the red beans and rice sounded good, so I got that. It came with a nice serving of beans and rice with andouille sausage and fried fish on the side. It was a lot of food for a lunch. The beans and rice were nothing overly special, but the sausage and the fish were really good. I think that if I go back, I will just cut out the "middle man" and get the fish right away.
All in all, it was a good meal at a good place. I would go back if I were in the area.Two visits and two very good experiences - service, lake views, and well prepared food. I have ordered the oysters on the half shell, the broiled fish platter, and a steak.
Fish on the platter was well seasoned and cooked right. Sides were well, sides. Steak was cooked as requested, juicy and tasty.Wonderful food, great atmosphere and our server Jimmy was very knowledgeable and helpful! You have no choice but enjoy the atmosphere here. Not in and out place but nice time with good company :) Jimmy's service was exceptional! We'll definitely be back next time and bring our friends :)The food was good.  But ended up with a bug in my pasta.  Never received my pimento cheese grits.  Left unsatisfied.So I really want to give this place 3.5 stars but since I couldn't, I felt 3 is too low so I went the other way. The primary reason for choosing this place was the location of this venue and it didn't disappoint. However, we wanted to sit with a water view but we were a party of 5 and those tables only accommodated 4.  The staff made no effort to let us sit by the "view" by adding a 5th chair even though there was more than ample space to do so. We probably could've sat outside and had a great view but it was too stinking Hot! Normally, we  would have left and went to a different place that would accommodate us better, but we were pressed for time. Our waiter was prompt but not supper friendly or informative. My one son got the crab cake which he said was pretty good. My other son (not a seafood eater) got the hamburger. It was over cooked and basically burnt. My mom and I got the lunch box (reasonably priced at $15) which  gives you  a side and a Choice of combo fried fish/shrimp or just shrimp. We got just the shrimp which also came with French fries and onion straws. I got the house salad as my side which was a little small but tasty with the house vinegarette. My mom got the breaded zucchini which was my favorite thing of the meal. The portion was huge and the Breading was light and not at all greasy. The fried shrimp was decent although I like my cocktail sauce a little spicier. This borderlined on ketchup. The fries were nothing great, and kind of not hot, but I did like the onion straws. My husband ordered fried fish and sausage and rice and beans - he loved the fish and had nothing to complain about. Like I said our waiter wasn't super friendly but he did do his job well as far as making sure our beverages were constantly full, etc. All in all it was a pleasant experience but rather than go back there again, I would probably try some place else.Went here for a birthday dinner during the week. I ordered the crawfish etouffee. The pina colada drink needs more alcohol in it. The food overall was amazing and well seasoned. A little pricey but its worth it! There is a $25 VIP card they will try to sell you. Will return!This is a great place for a date night or drinks with friends.  It gives you a great view of the Lake, so that helps set the mood no matter what mood you're talking about.
I don't have any issues with the food or the service.  Every time I've been there, I've had a positive experience on both fronts.  I've had the Cobb Salad on just about every visit, and that's been one of my favorite things to order.
The atmosphere, alone, is what keeps me coming back.We had a birthday party scheduled for today and we walk in and they tell us a cake is not allowed. We have a party of 14 waiting and ready to celebrate my sisters birthday and this reservation was made days in advance and now they tell us a cake isn't allowed! We certainly would turned and walked out had our party not been so large! Never heard of a restaurant not allowing a birthday cake.Unfortunately I can't comment on the view.  We were a party of 12 & were placed against the glass wall over looking the parking lot.  Considering they were packed w/ lots of High School kids, the service was still great & each course came out at a good pace.  Before the meals come out you are served bread & creamy butter & a big bowl of salad for the table to share. Our Apps were the Blue Crab Cake & Crab Stuffed Avocado.  Ok, I know it seems like it doesn't make since when I say the Crab Cake had such an awesome "crab" flavor. You would be surprised how many crab cakes I have had that tasted like fried breading & no crab.  I've never had a stuffed avocado & let me say.....give me 10 more to go!  Entrees were Blackened Redfish & Crawfish Étouffée & Shrimp Fresca. Shrimp were encrusted, broiled & topped w/ a lump of crab meat served w/ pimento cheese grits.  The shrimp & fish were cooked perfectly on both dishes. My husband thought the Étouffée was ok & my cheese grits were a good leftover. We didn't get desserts b/c we were so full but I did have myself a tasty coffee w/ some Brandy............smacking my lips. Prior to the meal we each had 2 beers waiting on the rest of the group so w/ tip our bill was $127I'm from TN, family lives in New Orleans. Took them to Landry's to eat a delicious seafood feast. Got a server name Jim that was one of the best server I have ever had. So knowledgeable, courteous, respectful and awesome. He made the experience even better than the food. Explain all the best dishes with great details. Went out of his way to make my mother his homemade dipping sauce. I give it not just the five stars for food and experience but I would give more stars for our amazing server Jim.The first couple of times we ate here, I loved it.  The best part was that, with each entree, they would bring a BIG bowl of salad -- and the dressing is great!  
The last couple of times, things have just gone downhill.  Service was slow and extremely disinterested.  Worse than that, the salad shrank to half the size compared to our initial visits.
The spinach/artichoke dip is tasty and has perfect consistency, but for $10, you get about THREE ounces.  And, if I'm paying $8 for a slice of cheesecake, I'd like the one strawberry ripe enough to NOT need a sharp knife to cut.  White strawberries shouldn't even be picked, much less served.
The view is beautiful and there is rarely a wait, but the restaurant is, indeed, very pricey for what you get.   
Oh, and the "club" card?  What a joke!  Despite that you "get a coupon for x dollars when you sign up," the membership/registration costs $25!!!Beautiful location overlooking Lake Ponchartrain, the marina and the renovated Benson lighthouse, this restaurant has a lazy Caribbean sort of atmosphere, especially when you're seated on the deck on a perfect, sunny breezy early afternoon.
We started with cocktails - D. had a Blood Orange mule served in a frosty cold copper mug and I had a Buck Jeliisco - both fruity drinks with the bright taste of ginger beer as a sparkling top note. 
For appetizers we shared the New Orleans Crawfish Bread and a blue crabcake - the crawfish bread was delicious, served on perfectly toasted French bread with tomatoes, mozzarella, creole spices and plenty of crawfish. The crabcake is worthy of the name - it's almost all gorgeous lump crab with a piquant mustard sauce. 
My entree was a broiled seafood platter - deviled crab, a seafood stuffed shrimp, shrimp broiled and shrimp scampi style. Tilapia in a creamy sauce with mushrooms, Creole green beans and a helping of dirty rice. My only (small ) critique was I thought there was a bit too much sauce on the light, lovely fish. That didn't stop me from eating it, I just think a little less sauce would work better with tilapia.
D. had Shrimp Fresca - Parmesan encrusted shrimp  with creamy, cheesy grits, lump crab and pimento. The shrimp was perfectly prepared, very sweet and plump - and there's just something about shrimp that mates really nicely with grits. 
Our waitstaff Jimmy was attentive, knowledgeable and so friendly and I appreciated his answering my questions regarding the lighthouse. Thanks, Jimmy for making our meal that much more enjoyable. 
Highly recommend this restaurant for the laid back ambiance and excellent food.Arrived to learn that they'd mistakenly placed my reservation hours earlier,but they still seated us(point). The waitress heidi was very nice and helpful. We ordered two seafood platters, crawfish bread, the Landrys fettuccine, stuffed mushrooms, the children's cheers pizza for the children w/us, as well as some of the bugers. I didn't try the kids food. The fettuccini looked better than it tasted but it was still ok. The seafood platters were good, so was the crawfish bread though I have to say the crawfish bread when have been way better if it was hot which it was not. We also had the bbq shrimp and that was good as well. My only big problem with this outing was that I asked/ made a reservation for a table inside but was seated outside and it was hot. The need more shade. The view was great. Overall I had a good time and would more likely revisit this place than not.Very unhappy.  Nearly empty when we got there, but we were told it would take a while to set up a table. 1.5 hours later and still no table.  Party of 10, granted, but there were quite a few tables large enough to seat us.   Waited forever while party after party was seated.  Was told we should by a $25
Card to get a table.  Horrible horrible policy. Will never be back.  Had to drive 3 hours after this ridiculous situation.  Also, the food is overpriced for what you get.  The lake view is beautiful, but I have had the same view at fishing stands with better shrimp for a third the cost.Great location and plenty of dining space. Wide and tall glasses that let you see the whole panoramic lake view from inside. They also have an outside area.
Good food, really good food, although I was expecting more.
I was surprised when somebody in my table asked for fish fillet and they asked "how would you like your fillet to be cooked?... broil, skillet, pan, stir fry, deep fry, butter, butter and lime, pepper, etc."We have been before and it was good, but this time we left without ever seeing our server. It was a super slow Monday afternoon and plenty of waiters for the maybe 6 tables of people. We were sat outside and after sitting for almost 15 minutes without ever being greeted by our server, we left. We had multiple bussers walk past our table and see us looking around for a server, no one said a word. We finally asked a server who walked past us but because we were obviously not in his section, he ignored us. We are local and always looking for new spots-we will not go back.Located at the Lake Pontchartrain of New Orleans, about 20 min drive from Downtown.
Beautiful water view. Nice and cozy atmosphere inside.
Excellent place for lunch or dinner if you love seafood. Oysters, oysters Rockefeller, blue crab cake, BBQ shrimp etc. A lot of dishes of local Louisiana cuisine, like New Orleans Crawfish Bread, broiled stuffed shrimp pontchartrain, po-boys, red beans & rice platter, gulf coast classic, cheese grits, etc. Fried seafood Platter was amazing, that included fish, shrimp, oyster and crab. And seafood stuffed shrimp: lightly breaded with kind of puree of seafood inside. Most entrees are served with salad. They have few sides for 4-6$ (compared to the Oceanaire seafood room where that can be 7-10$). And all in all this Landry's select club project is cheaper than their Oceanaire, but the quality of food is on the same level. They have fresh catch of the day. And Top Sirloin, Ribeye or Chicken if you feel like something else, not fish. For dessert get the cheesecake or may be bananas foster. Cherries Jubilee didn't attract me too much- because of dry cake and tasteless cherries. 
Wine list is a one page list, featuring mostly 30-40$ bottles, but for the wine praised customers they have Caymus for 150$ or Moet & Chandon Imperial for 80$. 
The service was great: helpful waitress that explained us all the local dishes we didn't understand and made good suggestions. 
Parking is free outside in the front at their own parking lot.I truly hate to be negative. ......but the food was not good.  The crab and spinach dip has great flavor but it was not hot. My entrée the broiled seafood platter was not hot and the food did not look appetizing. It may have just been an off day. The waitress and hostess were very friendly and polite.  The view is lovely as well.  You can dine in/out door. Needless to say I will not return.Where to begin... 
I usually only write positive reviews.  I figure if I go to a restaurant and have a bad experience, maybe the restaurant was having an off night and I would hate to slam them for that.  However...
I live (as a crow flies) less than 0.25 miles from here and I have tried to go to Landry's four times.  I want it to work!  There are very few restaurants in the Lakeview area and this one has a great location, why do they have to suck so much?!?
1st time - after sitting at my table for 25 min with my father with no server plus two trips to the hostest stand to inform her, we walked out.  Are you kidding me?
2nd time - food was barely editable.  I ordered blackened fish with vegetables as one of the sides and some other side that I don't even remember.  There was so much butter on the plate from the vegetables that I didn't want to touch anything else on the plate.  Horrible.
3rd time - totally uneventful.  I was hoping for third times a charm... No.  Food was mediocre at best, service was sub-par, and I felt like I should have been getting up to get my own drink refills.
4th - just like the 1st time, no service for 20 min and the place wasn't even busy.  Not even a "hey I'm a little busy, I'll be right there" Nothing.  I went and found the manager and he apologized and offerend me a free meal which I told him to keep because I would never be back.  
They could do some really great things with this place, someone in management needs to get their act together and turn this place around.Great tine at Landry's Seafood House for dinner. It's a large enough space for parties, social gatherings, and business meetings. I had a great dinner and appetizer which included blackened chicken fettuccine, crab spinach artichoke dip, calamari, and warm bread. It wad Amazing and I highly recommend visiting Landry'sLandry's has an awesome outdoor seating area overlooking Lake Pontchartrain. If you sit on the west side, you have an excellent view of the yacht club and all the boats coming in. On top of the views, the food is pretty good too. I always go when I am in the mood for a fried seafood basket, and am rarely disappointed. 
BOTTOM LINE: Great seafood, awesome views.Jimmy - excellent server. Terrific sense of humor.
Food - outstanding. Was expecting the standard "chain" restaurant food. It was well worth whatever we paid for it. Will certainly go again if in the area.
Ambiance - outstanding. Nice view. Clean restrooms.Good food with big portions that are good for sharing for two. The calamari was tasty and we always love to seat outside to see the Lake and the boats while eating.The staff was friendly and welcoming as soon as you walk in the door. Immediately upon seating, you are given a beverage menu-- which is great because you would either have to ask for one or search for one. I ordered the peach sangria. It was absolutely delicious and refreshing! I would've never thought to add fresh fruit to a moscato but it works; I would come back just for the beverage. 
The menu is self-explanatory. It's Landry's Seafood so the entire menu is strictly seafood. There are no more than 3 exceptions: salad, pasta, or both. :) 
I ordered the alfredo pasta with blackened chicken. The menu tells you exactly what to expect in the dish so my pasta was loaded with mushrooms, green peas, and tomatoes. Unfortunately, that was majority of the dish. I'm not a major fan of green peas, or mushrooms but I knew what I was getting myself into. Once the blackened chicken was gone,
I found myself forcing down the pasta and playing tic-tac-toe with the mushrooms and peas. Once again, I didn't want seafood and there wasn't much of an option for anything else besides that. You can't blame them for not having that much of a non-seafood menu option. The waiter was professional and timely. I would recommend this to someone that loves seafood.
I would've given it four stars but the prices are extreme! I mean, you're right on the lakefront so I'm certain the seafood is fresh. My brother in law ordered a seafood platter (shrimp, catfish, and oysters) and it came with fries and onion rings. For $26.00, it was NOT a lot of food. At all. I don't think I got a "wow" factor from him as far as taste is concerned so that pretty expensive for FRIED seafood. To top it off,  our bill was about $100: that's two pastas, a seafood platter, and two beverages at about $9 a piece. Ex-pen-since! If it was blackened or grilled, maybe. Fried? Fried seafood in New Orleans is infamously known to be on nearly all menus of most restaurants; however, not all fried seafood are seasoned equally. 
Be mindful. If you're gonna try our seafood, go for the best. You may be let down a little here. Great restaurant but EXPENSIVE.Awful service! Hostesses are rude and servers will ignore you. Management should really step it up and retrain their staff.This is my first Yelp review. My fiancé and I went there two weekends in the row because of the location in Louisiana.
My fiancé's fish order was so salty that she did not eat it.  We should have complained but did not and left thinking this was a one time fluke.
We went back the very next weekend with our kids and my most expensive steak on the menu looked fine when it was served but tasted funny.  We past the steak around the table and finally determined that it had been burnt but the charred part was scraped off to hide it.  When I brought it the attention of the manager, he did not care.
We will not go back.STAN is the man! Landry's by the Lake happy hour must be a well kept secret because if anyone knew just how incredible it really is, this place would be packed to the rafters. Stan is the longstanding and did I mention amazing bartender. I have been coming to Landry's happy hour for a couple of years so this review is well overdue. I love Landry's happy hour because of the great selections offered in regards to food and drink. Everytime I have sat at Landry's bar, whether I was alone or with a group, the food and service was great and consistent. The views of the lake are magnificent. If you you are looking for a relaxing happy hour with great food on the weekday than this is your place. I do suggest the shrimp en brochette and the crab balls. The crab balls are like little crab cakes served over fried onion strings. The shrimp en brochette is a heaven on Earth! The shrimp en brochette is shrimp stuffed with crab dressing and wrapped in bacon. The shrimp en brochette is served with a hollandaise sauce and over onion strings.Very accommodating!
Our group had about 15 people and they were able to seat us within 15 minutes. Our timing was perfect considering we had 30 minutes left before their happy hour was over. However, we had to order from the bar/lounge area for the happy hour prices. We ordered almost a little bit of everything and shared family style. 
My faves:
Fried Zucchini, and Crab, Spinach, & Artichoke dip, and Crawfish Bread
Appetizers:
Fried Zucchini - Fried Crispy with a hint of lemon parmesan and cool ranch to dip
Crab, Spinach, & Artichoke Dip - nice chunks of crab and artichoke, creamy consistency 
Fried Green Tomatoes Acadiana - Fried nicely, but the andouille cream sauce didn't pair that well with it
New Orleans Crawfish Bread - Pretty tasty, but a bit salty for my taste
Fried Calamari - 
Entrees:
Crawfish Etouffee - Better than I expected, but it's nothing wowing
Landry's Fettuccine - Just you're basic cream sauce pasta with blackened chicken
Ribeye - Not bad, perfectly medium-rare 
Dirty Rice - A bit dry and salty
Next time,
I would come for their full happy hour 4-7pm, $5 wines and cocktails!What a nice joint to visit.  You'll want to go early to beat the crowd.  We arrived before noon on a weekend and was seated right away.  when we left there was a line waiting to be seated.  
It's no wonder now that I have eating there that there is a line at the door.  
Food is greatLandry's is part of a conglomerate chain of restaurants in the Gulf South that includes Bubba Gump Shrimp Co, Saltgrass Steak House and a few others. The food is average and overpriced in my opinion. There are some Happy Hour specials for food and drinks that are a decent value and the fried green tomatoes appetizer is good. The view of  lake Pontchatrain and the marina is nice and there is plenty of parking in the lot or across the street. In my opinion, nothing special just an average place with large windows and nice views of the lakefront. #pontchatrainviews1st time I come here  and my mouth watered when I stepped out the car! the aroma was soo good! and delicious great quality food!Not only is the food pure heaven. And the oysters and bbq shrimp straight out of a dream.....But Miss Ana is the best bartender and has the biggest heart of gold.  She made our time there a day I'll always cherish. I love this spot and will be a go-to every time I'm im NOLA. Thanks Ana!Great service and pretty friendly staff.
The food is great,my friends got blue crabs and we're very happy with the portion size and tasteIt's a great place to have a meal in NOLA overlooking the lake. Sunday brunch was crowded but not that crowded. Getting seated outside took a few minutes. The key lime pie is good! The stuffed crab avocado was good. The deck scenery was great. Limited beer selection. The service was good. Overall price a bit high but not outrageous like prices in the French Quarter. I would definitely come here again. If you're adverse to love bugs opt for the inside dinning.I decided to give Landry's a shot.  I was originally headed to my favorite Bucktown spots but decided to give Landry's a turn.  It was about 5pm so the place was pretty empty.  We were seated immediately.  After a 25 minute wait w/o getting even a drink order, we went back to the hostess & reminded them that we were there.  The waiter finally came & took our entire order.
I know my fellow New Orleanians will know what I mean when I say that this seafood place is pretty bland compared to other local restaurants.  I felt more like I was eating at a seafood restaurant while I was on vacation somewhere else outside of NOLA.  The portions were excellent as well as the presentation.  I had the Tilapia Bianca.  Once I got through the thick fried crust, the tilapia inside was tender, but tasteless.  The vegetable risotto was pretty tasty.  The fried zucchini stick appitizer was good.  The crabcake entree was also very generous.  Unlike crabcakes from Deanies, Dragos, or Mr. Eds;  these seemed to be heavy on a mayonnaise taste.  Prices are a bit steep as well.  
All in all, a mixed bag on this trip.  This being my 2nd trip there, I am sorry to say that I  don't think I would go again.Had a less than enjoyable experience today.
The hostess were rude and flippant, the food left much to be desired. Our waiter and Jimmy (the stand in waiter) were great though so that bumped this review up one star.
I would consider going there for drinks and the view but definitely not for a meal.Service was excellent, but it did take a little while for the food to come out, but, worth the wait. Family had the Red Beans and catfish, the fried seafood platter and a burger with fries. All excellent.  I just wouldn't recommend the high chairs, grab a regular table. Legs kept going numb. 
Overall, go. Excellent time.First time here as a surprise birthday dinner. Had reservations so it was quick seating. The view of the pier is just beautiful. The parking though is horrible. Took us about 7-8 mins to find parking close enough. I will add it was Mother's Day weekend too so that could have been the issue. 
The food was just ok. The only thing that stuck out to me was the chicken and sausage gumbo. It was yummy and I wish I would have gotten a bowl. I had a pound of crawfish for dinner. Spicy but it was very small. 
The server also did take a while to get back to us on refills and just checking on us. Probably good for a date night out.I, unlike some of the other reviewers, really enjoy this location of Landry's. I go there frequently to eat lunch, dinner, or have some cocktails with friends. The location is great, it sits right on the Lakefront with a great view of Lake Pontchartrain. There is a nice sized deck with tables, you can choose to dine inside or outside on the deck. If it's not too hot, I like to eat outside on the deck and take in the beauty of the lake while I enjoy a drink... or two. Ok, so onto the food part; I for one really enjoy the food. I think they have some great fried oysters, the blackened redfish is good too. I absolutely LOVE the salad with their home-made vinaigrette.... it's sooo good. The desserts that they have here are some of my favorite EVER. The Bananas Foster is a crepe filled with ice cream with bananas and a delcious sauce. Yummy! My second favorite it the Key Lime Pie. My favorite cocktail is their "house favorite" which is the Mango Mojito. It's just amazing.  As far as the service goes, there is one guy that works there that has a mean attitude problem..... if I ever get sat in his section again, I will request to be sat somewhere else or have a different server. I have been to this location at least 20 times and I have only disliked this one guy. Everyone else there is pretty nice. You tend to get to know them when you see them so often. In a nutshell, I like the food, I LOVE the drinks, I love the location, and I like their staff. I recommend it to all of my friends and family.This place never fails me. Every time I go the quality of food is always on point. I always get the seafood platter with gumbo as an app. You can go wrong with this place at all!!!! Glad to know there are multiple locations around the US!Had an 8 pm reservation (Which they could not find)
They place was 60% empty
We were told we hat to sit in a certain spot IDK why....
We were sat with a tray full of un-bussed dirty dishes for about 20 min before someone noticed us ans then told us there was a miscommunication on the seating we were brought water with no ice.
We finally were greeted by William our waiter who was pretty good.
The crayfish bread was very good.
I ordered the fried stuffed shrimp (5) the fries were cold as well as the onion strings, The plates was hotter than the food. Cold green beans
My company ordered the Shrimp en brochette they were good.
By far the worst dinner i have ever had the service was painfully slow.
#NEVERAGAINFirst and foremost the location is by the lake, during the summer time is when eating outside would be highly recommended but either inside or outside the food is great. Every time I've came to Landry's I would always get the chicken and sausage gumbo for a starter, the cup size is just the perfect amount to where you get enough but not to much to where you get full. For the entrees I will always try and get something new because most of the things on the menu changes like the chef recommendation. I
The portions are worth the prices. As for dessert, I always like to get the dessert sampler. It's comes with three types, the brownie, bread pudding and I believe it was either the cheesecake or the creme brûlée, but all were amazing. The service is wonderful, the wait staff are attentive. The location is also close to my university, so when my friends or significant other feel like splurging, this would be one of our options since it's close.Went the other night and had Crawfish Etouffee, Crawfish bread, and salad. Good eats!Overall okay. Nothing was bad but nothing was standout either. The staff was nice and helpful. Asked for a potato with lunch as was told they were saving them all for dinner which was a little disappointing. Chances are I wouldn't come back here unless it was some one else's idea.The worst experience ever today. Seate outside per our request. Twenty minutes no one acknowledged our table. Our server Alberto had actually been taken care of a table directly in front of us but never acknowledged us even after we stopped another server for assistance. We both had the lunch box special. Both our appetizers came out incorrect, our entree  was cold...Alberto didnt check back after food was received... we had asked for lemons and hot sauce, received after requesting three times.....overall I love this place but today will make me reconsider bringing/or recommending. It was after lunch rush so their was no explanation on Alberto aloofness.  What started off as girls relaxing lunch became a nightmare from hell. Alberto, table 441/1, guest 2 on 6/7 at 2:59p.mFood was pretty good.   Had seats on the lake and it wasn't too too hot.  Had the crawfish etouffee. It wasn't busy on a Saturday night which was good for us.  This place is huge.  I would go back, drinks food , service and ambiance were al pretty good.I received food poisoning from this restaurant due to the raw oysters.  Prior to the food poisoning, I decided i didn't like this restaurant, but thought to give it a 2nd chance, my regrets!Myself my husband & daughter came out to celebrate his birthday on 11/21 (yes I'm late in the review lol) Breiana was our server SHE IS A GENUINE GREAT SERVER! I was super impressed she actually made his b day very special! I gave this place 3 stars because the oysters were not freshly shucked (not cool) and the 26$ fish was kinda flavorless -gumbo was HORRIBLE ... we still had s great time and our baby enjoyed her burger.Bit pricier than I would like to pay, but it's still my favorite spot to sit on the deck eating fried calamari and drinking Coronaritas.My last visit was an improvement over the previous.  The bbq shrimp appetizer is delicious!  The cobb salad is huge with all the right ingredients.  
The iced tea is always good.
Our server was chatty -- that's better than a mutant, but what was annoying is that all she really liked to do was talk -- not listen to anything coming back from the other person in the "conversation."
I found out recently that this is a branch of, a sister of, or cousin of, or whatever of The Claim Jumper.  If they could grab hold of Claim Jumper's fried zucchini recipe from just a few years back, I'd go every single month.