This place is amazing! our waiter Aaron was friendly and full of great suggestions for food and drinks. He sold us smoothly, but everything he was pushing was delicious!
We had crawfish étouffée and red beans and rice. Both were lick the plate scrumptious. Seasoned and flavorful with just a little heat at the end. The étouffée was loaded with crawfish, creamy, and fabulous! The oysters ya ya were piping hot with the most amazing Cajun pesto sauce that I had to soak up with my bread long after the oysters were gone. Even the drinks were perfect choices - citron mule - a twist on the Moscow mile that was a little sweeter. Eat here if you're in New Orleans!We hit this place every day we were in New Orleans.  Even just went there for to-go Swamp Water.  SO tasty!!!
The waitstaff was incredible, and we loved the food!We stopped in for a quick bite to eat and a round of drinks. I got the Bacardi Dragonberry Mojito to drink. It was delicious and refreshing. We got the spinach artichoke dip and a fried shrimp platter. The spinach dip was like nothing I've ever had. It was amazing! Very creamy and the chips had Parmesan cheese sprinkled over the top. The fried shrimp was awesome! The fries had a perfect flaky crispiness. The hush puppies, delightful. The shrimp cooked to perfection and excellently seasoned. The service was quick and she was very attentive. Definitely a place I will return to!The food was good, the wait staff was awesome and they were playing the game... great place to visitYou can usually get a table here even when bourbon st is going nuts. Good local beer selection, traditional New Orleans menu and the food is pretty good. Friendly staff makes this place easy to come back to every time I'm in NOLAIt's Bourbon Street, I get it. But for the price, you could have given a little more food. Ordered Alligator meat for appetizer. Got 5 pieces and they were the size of chicken nuggets from McDonalds cut in 1/2. Very disappointed.
Also ordered dozen raw oysters. Did not smell fresh and I eat a lot of Oysters when I visit NOLA. 
Redfish Court Buillon - if I had not ordered Alligator meat and oysters, how is this suppose to fill me up for a night on Bourbon street? 
In all, the food did not impress me. Neither did the quantity of food. The bill was rather impressive however. My most expensive meal of the entire trip.The Bayou sampler is the way to go! Aaron was an excellent server and the atmosphere was classy.Love this place. Everyone there is great. The oysters at the bar right on time!  Ask for Domino. Great atmosphere and even better food. Enjoy!!!While in town for vacation, my boyfriend and I stopped by this restaurant for lunch.  We had a delicious lunch with great food; however, the service was just alright.  I ordered a Mardi Gras Bash to sip on throughout the meal, and I really enjoyed the fruitiness of the cocktail.  We ordered the crawfish cakes to share to start, and they were superb.  I am a huge fan of crab cakes, so I enjoyed this unique twist.  They come in a rich creamy sauce.  For my main course, I ordered the red beans and rice and added fried chicken to it.  It was delicious, and I would definitely recommend adding the fried chicken.  The chicken andouille sausage on it had a little too much kick for my liking, but those who like spice would love it.  My boyfriend ordered the cajun stuffed gulf fish and really enjoyed it.  I would recommend this restaurant if you have time for a leisurely lunch.The food tasted great and we were able to get a table on the balcony immediately walking up from Bourbon Street on a Saturday night, but the service was not quick at all. My friends and I ordered boudin and alligator nuggets as appetizers. The boudin were delicious and the gator nuggets were just average. I ordered the shrimp creole while someone else had the shrimp po' boy and another friend got the muffaletta. I got to sample my friends food. All the entrees were above average compared to other places that we've eaten at outside of New Orleans. Our server was very polite and accommodated us, but he seemed forgetful. He took two of the water glasses for refills around the time the entrees came out and then returned with only one glass when the meal was finished. I also waited a long time for silverware. I got my shrimp creole from the food runner and the dish just sat there teasing me because I didn't have a spoon or fork. My friends downed half their sandwiches before our server brought a fork and spoon for me to begin eating my dish. We had been there for almost two hours by the time we all finished eating. I had to convince my friends to pay cash because I was afraid we'd have to wait a longer-than-usual length of time for the credit cards to be processed on separate checks before we could leave. The experience could be better, but the food was satisfying.The food was amazing and our waiter Jabari made our experience a great one. His suggestions were spot on. He made it our favorite restaurant in the French Quarter!!The reason why this place gets 2 stars is because it did not require that long of a wait, and the raw oysters were very fairly priced.  But the food was just... ugh.  Let's just say that I wouldn't recommend this place to anybody traveling to NOLA.  The Po Boys were just various forms of bread (fried, baked) and the Shrimp Creole tasted like they heated up a Campbells can and added way too many herbs.
Service was also lackluster, the tables way too small for the plates.love the open-front seating! truly get the feeling that I ain't in Kansas anymore; or, more fittingly to myself, California.. the staff is so cordial, warm and comfortable.. not too loud and the perfect level of casual.I have not gone into a single restaurant in New Orleans that didn't serve-up exceptional food. No kidding. Le Bayou was a spot we wandered into when we were pining for some fresh oysters. We ordered a dozen oysters with mignonette sauce, a dozen chipotle chargrilled oysters, the New Orleans medley (gumbo, jambalaya, red beans and rice, crawfish etouffee), and the bread pudding. All dishes were delicious, and the owner made his rounds to make sure we were all enjoying our food. The servers were live, and they were all very friendly and helpful. We will be back!Excellent stuffed catfish and fried cheesecake.waited 15 min before any wait staff came by and when they did the guy was not wait staff had a cook uniform on, waiting on gods but not expecting muchWorst service ever. After waiting 45 minutes for the waiter to take our order we decided that we didn't want to waste our entire night at a restaurant and left. The waiter didn't even bring water to our table. Can't tell you how the food is because we didn't get to try it....pretty stupid on his part because he would have made at least $100 off of our table of 11. We saved a lot of money by eating pizza at the daiquiri place next door though!You can't miss this place. When you start down Bourbon St. from Canal it will be just to your right - there's no door, it's just an open entrance and there's usually some guy trying to get you to come in and take your order.
Local bartenders always willing to talk about where you REALLY need to go in this town. Good selection at the bar. Nice TV's showing the game. The line for the bathroom gets kinda long at times - its location is so convenient!
It's not cheap but they sure give you a ton of food, and you will not need to eat for a long time afterwards. Of course, you'll probably want to fill yourself up before heading down the rest of Bourbon to get smashed...We ate here last night. Kelly was our waitress and she was wonderful! The food was excellent as well. I absolutely loved the crawfish étouffée. We had never eaten here before, or any Cajun restaurant. Kelly was very helpful with her suggestions.Only 4 stars because all I had were oysters, but those were delicious! Literally stepped in off the street, and was pleasantly surprised by the wonderful service (thanks Doc!) and the fresh and excellent oysters with the migonette sauce on the side. Love it! Wish I got the dozen instead of the half dozen!Visited La Bayou last Friday night.  Here are my recommendations:
Take a break from the crowd.  
Sit at the oyster station and have a chat with the shuckers.  
Drink a few strong adult beverages.  
Enjoy fantastic people watching.  
Eat some bread pudding. 
La Bayou is located on a quieter section of Bourbon St just one short block from Canal St.  The street side of the restaurant was wide open creating an airy dinning room and the perfect opportunity to view the constant stream of partiers walking by.  We sat at a small "bar" off to the side that functions as a oyster shucking station. The men working there were very friendly and talking to them was quite entertaining. You can order, eat and drink from this bar and that's exactly what we did.  We had a few drinks and some bread pudding before heading back out to Bourbon.  The drinks were strong.  I didn't care for the bread pudding because it was much more like cake than pudding and the sauce was very sparse. 
I might visit again for drinks and atmosphere but I'll skip the dessert.The fried shrimp is excellent. I had the stuff fish wow it was fabulous!! Great New Orleans atmosphere on Bourbon street.This was my first time at this restaurant and my first trip to New Orleans as an adult.  The location is great and the open air air feel was awesome.  Our waiter was adequate, not much personality.  The draft beer is good, nice & cold.  The food is above average but a bit overpriced in my opinion.  Given all the great eating establishments in Nola this one is not all that memorable.I learned about Le Bayou in a way that could only happen in New Orleans. With a friend we were walking up Canal Street, trying to find a place that served barbecue shrimp. A woman walking by us overheard the conversation and told us she works at Le Bayou. She says she is on her way to work and we can walk back with her. In an only in New Orleans way, by the time we arrive at the restaurant we are old friends. Barbecue shrimp is fabulous here. It is not barbecued but has a mildly spicy sauce that is similar to what Portuguese restaurants call Mozambique. Combine that dish with fried oysters and a nice beer and you are assured of a blissful evening.One of the worst dining experiences I've had. Other than the fried gator and the shrimp and grits, the food was sub par. The service was mediocre and our waiter split our check into 7 different checks instead of 2. 
Judging by the quick response from the manager, perhaps my party arrived on an off day for the restaurant. It is because the manager took the time to rectify the situation that makes me willing to give the restaurant another chance if I'm ever in New Orleans again.Fried alligator was amazing and the entrees were also delicious. The service was just right for the occasion, nothing too fancy. I love that you can do a little people-watching from almost anywhere in the restaurant. This was my first real New Orleans meal and I'd definitely recommend it.I loved this place! The roast beef po boy was the best sandwich that I have ever had. I went with a group of 10, got seated right away and everyone in my group LOVED their meal. Even our vegetarian friend loved her eggplant sandwich! Delish!I come every time I come to New Orleans and I love it! Great friendly service, great drinks and I always love the crawfish cakes!Three of us enjoyed a very nice lunch here and there was a Yelp coupon available when I checked in for a free appetizer - can't beat that!! I had the red beans and rice - delicious!!! Also enjoyed a half doz raw oysters - perfectly shucked and nicely seasoned! The other folks in our party enjoyed their meals equally as much.  Staff was super nice and very attentive. Nice on tap beer selection. If there's a line to get into Acme, skip it and give this place a try - we did and it was all good!!I came here with a group of friends because they saw it as we walked through the French Quarter. The placed is a bit overpriced, but I suppose it's because of the location in a touristy area. The food was the only thing that was good about this place. I tried the shrimp and grits, which was good. The shrimp were large and perfectly cooked with a pile of grits in the middle with a stack of fried green tomatoes on top. The reason that my rating is so low is because the service was terrible. The servers had a huge attitude all night and hardly came to our table to check up on us. I would get take out next time.Overpriced bland food, ok service, there must be better options in town, still haven't found them, for a city known for its spicy flavors I have yet to be impressed. Help!!I wanted to try oysters while in New Orleans and went with this place. While looking at the menu on the door, the chef out of nowhere showed up behind us and started talking about the food items we were looking at, and it was hilarious because he came out of nowhere! He said he'll make anything any way we liked, and got us a table right then and there. I got the baked oysters with artichoke, spinach, and cheese, and it was to die for. I've never had such delicious oysters. It came with bacon too but I asked for it without bacon and they happily obliged. My boyfriend got the popcorn crab caesar salad and it was great too. The atmosphere was really down to earth and homey. Too bad I was too full to try the fried cheesecake! Will definitely go back next time I'm in town!Excellent food. Definitely excellent food. Great staff. The manager, George checked so many times. Great restaurant.I was not very impressed. We went for a late dinner (around midnight). We ordered boudin as an app and I had étouffée as my entree. The étouffée was lukewarm and the rice in the dish was undercooked. Our waiter was hard to track down but once I did we let him know about the food and he kindly comped my dish. That was very nice of him but I would not recommend this place. There are better options in the areaLast night was our first night in NOLA ever and our waiter Joe was the absolute BEST!!! Not only was he wonderfully charming but so helpful too!!! He gave us a map and marked his favorite spots to check out while we are here! As a New Yorker I cannot express how much this is appreciated!! The best recommendations are always from Locals and it was so nice of him to take the time to do that for us! Also the food was OUTSTANDING!! But made all the better by the awesomeness of Joe!! Give him a raise! Thank you Joe for such a warm welcome to your beautiful city!!Muffelina good. Big easy po boy average. Not impressed sampler platter. Not bad for sure but not our best meal here....service good. Hurricane good.AMAZING!!! The food was awesome. We went on a whim and tried it out. I was very impressed by how good the food was. The atmosphere was fun and energetic too. I don't normally go back to a restaurant in New Orleans because there are so many, but I'm defiantly going back. So many choices and very good prices.The food we chose was awesome! This place was recommended by the front desk at our hotel. So we came here... our very first night. We arrived at New Orleans around midnight... and stopped by at 2a.m. My boyfriend and I had fried alligator, shrimp po'boy, french onion soup, and 'Taste of New Orleans'. 
The first time we went, we had the french onion soup and the fried alligator.  This french onion soup had to be the best french onion soup i have had so far. It was the reason we came back a second time. The gator meat was amazing... definitely not what i was expecting. Best comparison for the meat would have to be popcorn chicken. 
The second time, we had the french onion soup (again) and the 'taste of New Orleans' which has the shrimp jambalaya, shrimp etouffee, and the gumbo. This is a great choice if you have had none of the three... but want to try them. My person ranking would be the etouffee... gumbo... and then the jambalaya. 
The service is so-so (deducted one star), and its a bit cramped (due to being a small bar/ restaurant on Bourbon St. I would actually deduct a star for the location, since it can be distracting and there is just garbage everywhere in front of the establishment (but what can you expect from Bourbon St.? 
Great place if you want to be in a good spot of Bourbon st and people watch as you dine.Had the Baked Bayou... And it was superb! The Swamp Water is a little too tangy for my tastes but overall it's a great restaurant. My girlfriend had the fried shrimp and said they were seasoned perfectly and the Shrimp Remolaude appetite is a MUST HAVEMy fiancée and I got the dozen oyster and 6 ya ya oysters !!!! Amazingggg !!!! We also got the boudin sausage the old version not on the menu !! Our waiter Charlie was great !!!!!!!!! We also sat on the balcony .. Got to see the bourbon action while eating ! 5 stars!The Hurricane was one of the best I've had so far in NOLA.  And the waitstaff were extremely friendly and helpful.The staff was nice, food was ok. We used the free app coupon for the alligator and had craw dads and the four dinner sampler for dinner. 
My drink had a fruit fly in it, which they changed quickly. The whole front of the restaurant is open, so it's understandable to have those things happen. 
If I had looked at the address I would have chose another place. It is right on bourbon st making it touristy.Monster oysters - and I'm a big fan. I sat at the bar and enjoyed all appetizers and the shrimp Ya-Ya with the Barbecue shrimp complemented the oysters with a cold brew. Ahh, this is what New Orleans and The French Quarter are all about.
The shucker, who was also my server, was very generous with his servings, he treated me like the king of Bourbon Street. Oh man, this is what I'm talking about.
Enjoy the fun and the great food. Oh ya-ya...Great service but food had a lot left to be desired. The best item was the crawfish cakes. The Hurricane I had seemed more juice than liquor.Teddy at the oyster bar is awesome! Don't wait in line at Acme. Get your oysters here! Great service. Delicious food.Right when arriving in New Orleans and checking into our hotel, we decided to go exploring. But in mid June it is hard to explore far when you get hit with that humid heat when you are a dried out Coloradan. So we popped into the first place that looked cool as we walked down Bourbon, Le Bayou. 
Enticed by a crowded dining area, air conditioned refuge, and the sweet smell of their Cajun food, we are glad we stopped in.
We posted up at the bar and were greeted right away. The Yelp deal for a free app was tempting but we weren't hungry enough to dive into two entrees so we decided to have a couple drinks and see where things went. 
The service was great, two bartenders were very helpful, the one with the interesting dreads was especially friendly and gracious. We ordered the Shrimp Remoulade which was outstanding!! We left very satisfied and glad we stopped in.When staying in New Orleans in the French Quarter, there is no shortage restaurants from which to chose. We had just arrived after a long day's drive, were tired and didn't want to have to change to go out to eat. After checking into our hotel, we decided to wander down Bourbon St. and look for a place to get dinner while not feeling out of place in our casual tourist dress.
As we walked by, the Le Bayou Restaurant caught our attention. Unlike many places which are bars that happen to serve food, the Le Bayou is a restaurant first. It was almost full with casual dinners. We looked at the menu and found the prices to be reasonable.
So we stopped in, got seated and ordered dinner.  I had the Blackened Shrimp & Cajun Jambalaya and my wife had the Redfish Court Bouillon. We both enjoyed our meals and thought we got good value for the price. The place were I took away a star was the price of the drinks. A Hurricane was $11 and a pint of Abita Amber $8.50. At Pat O'Brien's we paid $8.50 for a Hurricane and $3.25 for a 12 oz. bottle of Dos Equis.
If you're in the French Quarter and looking for reasonable priced seafood in a casual setting, try the Le Bayou Restaurant. Grab a round of drinks with dinner but get other rounds elsewhere.We walked in last minute with what started as 12 people and grew to over 20. Our server was a sweetheart and took great care of all of us! The bouncer was also super helpful and help expand our table...a few times. The food was pretty good and the people were awesome!Okay place. Full bar. Open late. Zero real food options , if you're vegan, but hey- it's New Orleans, so no surprise there. 
Finally came up with a side of tortilla chips to tide me over with cocktails until my husband finished his oysters. 
Great service.Christina H was an awesome Server and sooo very nice! Great food! Enjoyed our experience and would come back again!:)
Had the Blackened fish salad and it was wonderful! And the Big Easy Po Boy! Awesome!Excellent food and the best service I've ever had. Kelly is a phenomenal waitress. We had an awesome time! Get the jambalaya and fried cheesecake.So here Niki and I are on Bourbon Street in The Big Easy. It's our first day and her first time here and we are both hungry. Now one would believe that you couldn't find good eats on a street known for Strip Clubs, Theme Bars, Sex shops but that is simply not the case in New Orleans. 
While walking up and down I noticed a place called La Bayou. The menu looked great and the prices were very reasonable so we gave it a try. The atmosphere here is straight up Gator Alley which easily explains the name of the place. Fancy??? Not at all but we were seated right away and our drink order taken promptly. I do like good service. 
After scanning the menu I decided to start with raw oysters and for the meal I ordered the Creole sampler which consisted of Jambalaya, Crawfish Ettoffe, and Gumbo. What a treat!!! After enjoying my Abita IPA (I'm into IPA's at the moment) I ordered another which came with our starter. Perfect timing I'd say. The oysters were perfectly shucked and very tasty. The usual sides of horseradish, cocktail sauce, and hot sauce made the usual perfect combination. I love oysters, especially when done right.
A short while after the oysters were done the entrees arrived. Everything looked great, and so it begins. The Jambalaya, and Crawfish Ettoffe were very good and full of all the good stuff that you would expect. No skimping or cutting corners here. The gumbo was OK, It had alot of chicken and sausage but I prefer more seafood than chicken in my gumbo. It was not the best I have ever tasted but far from the worst. Id give it a 6 edging on 7 as far as gumbo goes.
We had a very good and tasty time at La Bayou so when you are in town and looking for a good and casual place to sample come creole, give La Bayou a try and sink your teeth into some fine vittles.It wasn't terrible wasn't good. The shrimp and grits were SALTY. The crawfish cakes were cool.Good food but bad attitudes!
The server didn't know the difference between the alligator beverage (on the menu) and the alligator appetizer. Even though I asked him to add an extra shot to the alligator beverage I ordered. Then he had the nerve to blame me for the mistake when he brought fried alligator to the table. After that incident he continued to ignore us until the bill came. I never even got my drink. TERRIBLE SERVE!
Try tour guiding the menu buddy!We had a fabulous dinner on a first night in NOLA.  The oysters were the freshest and most delicious I've had anywhere.  We both had the shrimp and grits Napoleon with fried green tomatoes and every bite was wonderful.  The service couldn't have been better and we'd highly recommend this Bourbon Street restaurant.We had the crawfish, oysters, and drinks. We both thought it was pretty good. Service was good as was the food. No complaints!Food is excellent an the service is top notch....always my first stop on bourbon. I love there wine a selection an gumbo. Food is price perfectly for the quality of food an service u receive!!!!! Definitely going back!!This was the most disappointing restaurant we visited, food was pedestrian at best and the service while friendly, feel far short of their reviews. We asked for an extra plate and an extra steak knife, the 2nd request 15 minutes later, did yield a knife, but they are still looking for that elusive extra plate... We had the blackened ribeye which apparently meant it was cooked in a black skillet, not that it was properly spiced, it was flavorless. It also was a very poor cut of meat. Le Bayou and Denny's shop at the same source. We also made the mistake of adding the jumbo lump crab. For the $9 bucks they appear to have opened a can of crab meat in water, and put a heaping table spoon on, unheated and unseasoned, but it did look like crab meat. The steamed veggies were fresh and properly cooked, but alas even salt was forgotten. The manager highly recommended the house special desert, fried cheese cake with a strawberry glaze. After a full 30 minutes of waiting my advice is don't order it, it is a deep fried piece of store bought cheese cake, with canned strawberry pie filling drizzled on it.  It may be good after a whole bunch of drinks, but unless you have killed your tastebuds, it's a waste of $10 bucks.   All in all, this is not a place worth visiting.Really tasty. Had the Shrimp & Grits Napoleon. Delicious, creamy, and filling. Bartender was really friendly.The evening started off well. It was our last night in New Orleans and we wanted to experience sitting on a balcony/gallery, surrounded by cast iron work. When we arrived, there were unfortunately no seats available on the balcony. But very shortly after arriving, a table opened up and we moved outside. The server seemed friendly. We ordered a couple drinks and a plate of baked oysters. The drinks came and we ordered our dinners. I was to get the grilled shrimp po' boy and my partner ordered the fried shrimp po' boy, no lettuce as he is allergic. We were assured several times our food would be there in a minute. Eventually, the po' boys came out -- but no oysters. My partner's fried shrimp po' boy came out as the cold shrimp po' boy with lettuce. We sent it back. It came back as the cold shrimp po' boy without lettuce. We sent it back and it eventually came out. My po' boy was correct from the beginning. I found a wonderful roll, butter toasted with lettuce and pickles and a scant amount of shrimp. I tasted more bread and pickles than shrimp. Towards the end of the meal, the oysters came out. One might assume that since we were told the kitchen was backed up, the oysters might come out piping hot. Not the case. They were lukewarm and the cheese had congealed. While they were in oyster shells, I couldn't find any oysters. Also, to eat them, I had to get up and personally find silverware and napkins, even though we had asked for them. When I went inside, I stood at the server station for a minute and no one inquired why I was there, so I helped myself to two sets and went back. The waiter was really nice, but not once did we get an apology for the wrong orders/cold food. The manager never even came out. I can only assume the server never informed him. I tried to get his attention on the way out, but I couldn't. 
It was our last night in New Orleans.Attentive service. Seated and taken care of immediately. Kenneth the waiter was adorable and helpful. Food good and reasonable . I had the sampler which gave me a great taste of Nola!Fun spot to grab a beverage. Quirky crowd. Loud atmosphere. If you are looking for an upbeat kind of place, start here.Okay, the red beans & rice is good too. YUMMIEST!!!!!! Roscoe was a good server too. I love the kids. Good luck in love & life bro!A nice place on Bourbon Street for lunch.  Tried an alligator Po-Boy for my first time.  It was really good, especially with the creaole sauce they gave me.  Fries were a little cold.  Iced tea was refreshing.  Waitress was delightful.Convenience has a price, though at the end of my meal. I was completely satisfied.
This place is quite appealing with it's welcoming appearance. The window walls wide open just ask anyone coming by to set their sights inside. Soaking in the atmosphere you sense the natural vibe of southern/Cajun. It's not all up in your face but noticeable and appealing. I had the muffuletta. Oily but I should have expected as much. Delicious textured bread and a side of crispy fries. 
Wait staff was very nice and was eager to answer any questions if needed.Open late to satisfy you when you are having the drunk food munchies.  The menu is very large and it's pretty cool the doors open out to Bourbon Street.
I had the chargrilled oysters which were good - but nothing amazing.  Servers are friendly and patient.  Prices are very cheap.  this is a good place to grab a bite to eat and pace yourself for round two of drinking.  Nothing really wowed me and I wouldn't recommend this as a place to make it a reservation.Coming from a landlocked state, we were pretty excited to hit up a local spot for some oysters.  We ended up sitting at the actual oyster bar and had a wonderful time.  Preston, who was behind the bar working to prepare the oysters, was so fun and entertaining and definitely made our night.  He was swamped, but always got us what we needed and had the funniest stories to tell.  The food was also really delicious and we were thrilled to be able to sit and watch the Bronco game (yes, even in Saints territory!).fried alligator wast ok but the crawfish etouffee was excellent. Good food and good service for a good price.I stopped in here late one night to grab a bite to eat. I had to try the muffaletta, since I had heard so many good things. Sadly, the muffaletta here was horrible The bread was way too hard and the flavors just didn't work. This was my first muffaletta, so I thought I just wouldn't like them at all. I only had one bite when I decided there had to be better options. The last day of our trip we hit Central Grocery, had the muffaletta, changed my life!  I also tried the fried fish po boy, it was good but nothing special. Serve food late which is good, but from my selections I would look elsewhere.The food was hit or miss for me. The crawfish etoufette was to die for, but the gumbo was mediocre. I was disappointed that the Jumbaliyah wasn't more flavorful. Somewhat overpriced, but not terribly.I'll certainly agree with the general consensus that La Bayou could fall into the tourist trap category, but they actually had some decent items on the menu. Late this past summer, I had their fried gator (Pontchartrain) and it wasn't bad at all. The red beans and rice with Andouille was thick, and seasoned well. The rest of the crew had shrimp po' boys and even a shrimp pesto dish with no complaints. Then again, how can you screw up a fried shrimp po' boy? . . . 
Seating is generally quick, and the service is good - although we had a recently divorced waitress that was definitely "scarred" so that was a bit weird. Drinks are tasty, and the beer is cold. For being directly on bourbon street, La Bayou is worth a quick trip though for smaller bites. In a city like New Orleans, if you're looking for true, deep, Cajun or creole - you're probably going to have to get "off the grid". For those visiting the French Quarter area, you can find a little of that NOLA flavor at La Bayou.Service was great. We were seated right away and our server came up right away. Surprising for Mardi Gras. She was very attentive. Boudin was yummy.  Burgers were just ok, but why go to a Cajun restaurant and order a burger.This place deserves more stars. FO SHO.
We walked in with a group of 6 on a warm Wednesday night and though the place was pretty packed, they combined two tables and had us seated quickly. The service was prompt and friendly. Plus beers were 2 for 1 -- which is always awesome. The crab meat was so scrumptious. And the oysters on the half shell still have my mouth waterting months later. 
This is a great place to fuel up before a long night of partying on Bourbon St. and it's just down the block from the Royal Sonesta, if you are staying there. 
I loved how the whole front of the restaurant was opened up to the street and you had big fans circulating the air so it didn't get too hot.
I will be back for sure!Amazing raw oysters! We ordered the raw oysters Bloody Mary and it was amazing. Also tried the shrimp with fried green tomato appetizer. Both were delicious!People say avoid most of the restaurants on Buorbon street because they're not that good and mostly a tourist trap.
Shoot, wish I would have heard that before stopping here my first night!
It wasn't totally horrible, but the waiter didn't know the difference between parsley and spinach on one of the dishes we ate. Uh... dork!
The Fried Green Tomato appetizer was actually really good and I liked that there were fresh shrimp on top, nice surprise as it wasn't mentioned in the menu.
My entree Crawfish Etouffee was a real let down. The Crawfish were fried and breaded!!! What the heck?? Even NOLA natives said this isn't how it's supposed to be made.
If going here, stick with the bar-food and drinks. It's not the best for intelligent service or excellent food.First off, the food is pretty awesome and the prices are affordable for a New Orleans eatery right on Bourbon St.
We had the Jambalaya Pasta, Oyster Platter and Bayou Burger. All amazing!
Our waiter was friendly and did a great job serving us.
And we were lucky enough to be seated on the 2nd story balcony outside overlooking Bourbon St. While we were dining we were lucky to watch a New Orleans style wedding march and a funeral procession. Both lively and celebratory. It was great fun dining and people watching.
Can't think of anything bad to say about the place. We were going for the Acme Oyster House around the corner but it was so crowded with a long line going around the block.  Le Bayou seemed packed as well but no line. We were taken up to the balcony almost immediately.
Being on Bourbon St. this dining establishment is lively and noisy. As expected. If you're looking for a quiet dining experience this isn't the place! ;)First off I am from NOLA and took my fiance here for her first taste of French quarter fair. We were greeted by a very friendly waiter right away. Drinks were good. She had shrimp creole and I had a crawfish po'boy. My po'boy came out with no sauce and the bread cold so it was very dry and bland. Her shrimp creole was great until we noticed the last shrimp on her plate was severely undercooked. Take advice from a local and DRINK on Bourbon St. EAT somewhere else. There are many great restaurants on the side streets of the French quarter. Le Bayou is Le Bummer!It was a cute place and the food was wonderful!  The shrimp and grits napoleon was soooooo  good.  When we get back thats the first things i am going to eat! The sample plate was great too and the bread pudding....forgetaboutit....it was awesome too!Midday snack - dozen oysters 1/2 Bayou Baked and 1/2 Ya-Ya chargrilled.  Oysters were plump and very flavorful.  They allow outside drinks so we were able to bring in out ice cold daiquiris and sit at the bar.Taste of the Bayou. A combination of Cajun jambalaya, crawfish etouffée, red beans and rice and chicken and Andouille sausage gumbo
Also, boudin, southern fried fish PO-boy, Alligator PO-boy and crawfish platter.   Let's just say, after one bite of the étouffée and my daughters eyes rolled to the back of her head. It was that good!!!!Our server Erica was super friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. She was very attentive throughout our meal. We had an appetizer of boudin and both had the shrimp and grits - to die for!  One of the best meals I've had in NOLA.Shrimp and Tasso pasta amazing, get that (will go back just for this dish)!! Five stars!! Skip the shrimp Po Boy just three stars nothing special about this one (go to Oceana's for Po boy) and fries lower than average. Yet, the workers and service great and friendly..five stars BUT cleanliness and atmosphere three stars.Our server Celeste took amazing care of us and she really made sure that we were satisfied from beginning to end. She knew all about the place, the area, and she had a great sense of humor. I had an oyster Po Boy and it was ok, loaded with oysters but not well seasoned. My colleague however had a seafood dish and she loved it! We sat on the balcony overlooking Bourbon Street and we really enjoyed watching the people go by.Outstanding service and simple menu it is done well. We sat at the back bar and had Steven for a bartender/waiter. Man did we get lucky... this customer friendly employee was a find. We'll be back no doubt for the grub and for sure to visit Steven! Felt like family....So sad to hear this place had closed- was one of my favorite stops in N'awlins. Being our first night in New Orleans, I don't think any of us were brave enough to try alligator just yet. I got the crawfish po'boy (light, crunchy, and delicious), my friend got the sampler with red beans and rice, crawfish etouffee, jambalaya, and gumbo, her friend got the oyster po'boy, and I honestly can't remember what our other party member got. A little on the higher end as far as prices go, but it's New Orleans. Great decorations, clean tables, relatively quick service, and great atmosphere right off of Bourbon Street. Wish they could open another locationJumbalaya pasta and the shrimp yaya were AMAZING! Seriously delicious. Our waiter was excellent and attentive. Definitely stop in this place, not like other restaurants on bourbon streetYou know, contrary to what others have said about the food here, they must have been to drunk to enjoy it, or they have absolutely no tastebuds whatsoever. The food here is very good, it's authentic and not gimmicky. They are straight forward with their cuisine and they stick to what works. If you have a special request, they will be more than happy to accommodate you. The service is great and attentive and they will treat you like they have served you a thousand times. They serve you with a smile and you will definitely leave happy.Worst Experience Ever.... We had to get our own utensils from the table next to us, cause our waitress was no where to be found, when we asked for napkins she just rolled her eyes n walked away. They forgot to bring out one of our orders, spilled water on me, when asked to get refills she poured water in my sprite, I asked to talk to a manager n all he said let me get you your bill. Really, let me bring you your bill. It took them an hour to just bring our bill out and kept getting the bill all wrong. After an hour they brought it and a second manager came to talk to us and they never apologized for anything. One of the other waiters cared more that we were getting bad service than the managers. Go somewhere else but here. -10 star...Wonderful oysters.  The gentleman who served us our oysters, Teddy, was super awesome.  A great time was had.The staff was so friendly and accommodating. The food was delicious and their hurricanes drinks were on point. I'm definitely coming back here the next time I'm in Town!Bourbon street is busy, loud and smelly! However, this place was a very nice refuge from that. The decore was amazing. Clean, fresh, modern, but without the cookie cutter look.  My family of five was welcomed in, even though I said we are just sampling our way around the French Quarter and we just wanted oysters on the half shell. We went right up to the oyster bar, the keeper shucked them right away, and he made a nice presentation of them of a bed of ice with sauce and lemons. We took pictures of each other, paid $ 12 including tip and said thank you and went out the door looking for the Black Smith shop and bar at the far end of the street, having started at Canal. The oysters here were fresh, cold and slipped right into our mouths!I'm a heavy yelp researcher. This didn't have my minimum of 4+ stars but I was in a pinch and just dove in. Dan made for an awesome experience. The raw oysters were on point and the Chipotle oysters were great for first timers as well as the bayou baked were excellent. Not a single dissapointment. Would definitely recommend.I have no clue why this place only has 3 stars. 
My hubby and I stopped in here on our first night in NoLa for dinner and I was skeptical because of the Yelp rating but I'm glad we were too hungry to keep searching. He ordered the fried alligator po-boy and I ordered the shrimp and grits over fried green tomatoes (a winning combination I might add). Our server suggested that I get the shrimp with blackened crawfish tails in the sauce - SCORE!!!  Pair those two dishes with their Carnival Margaritas and it was the start of an amazing night. Compared to meals we had afterward, the price was decent. I will definitely visit them again on my next trip.
Tip: Ask for a balcony seat if available. Excellent for people watching!I had dinner at this location.  The jambalaya was mediocre, I can definitely say I've had better ones around French Quarter.  I love the alligator bites!  Flavorful and juicy. The staff were friendly however they appeared inexperience.  One of the bus boys brought food out to the table next to our and his pants was sagged down, on his way back he put his hands down the back of his pants (this happened twice).  Our waiter gave us the wrong check and the staff weren't attentive to any tables.  It could be because the Saints' game was on when we were there.  A large party came when we were there and four staff took a while to figure out how to seat them.  I like this restaurant, however I probably will not pay a second visit.Having so many options for food in New Orleans, I don't know if I lucked out or every place is this good.  I stopped in at Le Bayou while in town for a convention at a nearby hotel.  Having recently discovered Boudin, I planned my entire dining list around restaurants listed with boudin on their web site menu's.  Le Bayou did not disappoint with their boudin balls and creole mustard appetizer.  Also had the shrimp and grits Napoleon which was excellent.  Service was excellent at the bar and food was hot and served quickly.
La Bayou was easily my favorite place in my trip.  Can't wait to get back.Great easy place to people watch from the balcony and get some authentic AND decently priced Cajun food. Our server was also Aaron and he was great! The hurricanes were fresh instead of sitting in a big jug behind the bar. We ordered the alligator for the first time ever.. delicious. Then we shared the sampler to get a taste of everything. Overall good experience. It's not in the riff raff of bourbon but there's still some interesting happenings going on below.We had been walking around for a while trying to find somewhere "not too expensive," when we happened upon La Bayou.  We were seated upstairs (party of six) and received our food very quickly.  The cocktails were good and come in plastic glasses for the "to go" option, and the appetizers we got (Fried Alligator and Boudin Balls) were good and satisfying.  I ordered the Muffaletta sandwich, which is apparently a "thing" in New Orleans, but it was dry and tasteless, not to mention too large for me to finish (which I suppose I knew going into the decision).  Everyone else, however, thoroughly enjoyed their meals (the crawfish etouffee was very good), and it didn't break the bank (wasn't exactly cheap though).
I wouldn't be opposed to going back to La Bayou, but I would need to order something else.nice view from the terrace but the food is under expectation at least for the combo. Service is just ok.I would highly recommend the oysters on the half shell, I had the Chipotle garlic butter oysters and they were very good!  The staff is awesome and service is fast.The food and customer service was awesome omg! The drinks are nice and strong and the atmosphere gave me life!Definitely try the taste of New Orleans!!!! Jambalaya, Red Beans and Rice, Crawfish Étouffée, and Gumbo!!! Big enough for two to split! Sat on the balcony our first visit and in the downstairs dining the second. The place has cool ambiance and I hope next time we come we can sit at the oyster bar! Reasonable prices especially when you see the servers in bow ties, black pants and white button ups!Some coworkers of mine and I enjoyed a nice late Sunday night meal here in late November on the balcony, and were really lucky that the chef allowed us to have a late night sitting (around 830) and we ate on the balcony. I didn't want a super heavy meal (I had eaten at Mulate's earlier with a coworker earlier), but I did want to enjoy myself. I ordered their hurricane (which was OK - too much ice and not enough 'stuff') and their homemade boudin. Their boudin was great - but I was a little concerned when our waiter was proud of me for "eating the skins and all". (what a weird question, right?)
Our waiter was great and chatty but there is such as a thing as too chatty.... I know it sounds mean but he would talk to us for 5 minutes or more every 10 minutes... we didn't get a lot of time to ourselves. It was a really great balcony to enjoy some of New Orleans, but it wasn't a place I needed to go back. Maybe to the Oyster bar?This place is horrible. The food did not come all at the same time. Service is terrible. Forgot one persons order completely, and after being repetitively asked for it, the check came and we still didn't receive it. The food was so cold, and they didn't bring out the condiments with the seafood. Waited forever to get it and one person  only got it after everyone finished eating. The shrimp poboy was very unclean and I had to return it. Needless to say, I left this place without eating. 
Additional note, the table next to us got their food on the table, and ten minutes later they still did not have silverware or napkins.
Worst place ever. Don't waste your time or money.Best restaurant in the area!!! Mostly locals and absolutely a must try!! Kevin was the best waiter and so personable! He wanted to get to know us and was very efficient. Highly recommend the shrimp and grits!Food was great but the service was amazing! Thanks to our server Aaron for his recommendations and help in making our birthday girl feel special and being super attentive. We can't wait to check out his suggestions on places to hang out in the city. We ordered the spinach artichoke dip to start it was really tasty. For entrees we ordered the bourbon chicken, taste of new Orleans, king fish, and grilled tilapia all were great and moderately priced. The dessert was the highlight-- we ordered the bread pudding and fried cheesecake-omg! Great place!I loved it!  Magen was a great server and recommended a great meal and fried cheesecake for dessert.  Try the taste of the bayou.  Excellent meal and great waitress!Located on Bourbon St. so being a tourist trap and as expected, the price is a little high.  It serves the standard Creole/Cajun food in addition to other Southern food.  The menu boasts that it takes pride in serving fresh seafood and fresh ingredients which it did.  Being in New Orleans, I know that I'll have plenty of opportunity to eat the standard Creole/Cajun food so I opted to try something different.  
Two items on the menu stood out, the  Shrimp & Grits Napoleon and the Salmon & Crab Bercy.  In the end, I chose the Shrimp & Grits Napoleon which I considered a truly Southern dish with the fried green tomatoes.    From the descriptions, I expected fried green tomatoes bathe in creamy grits.  What I got was 3 slices of green tomatoes battered in grits and fried.  They were topped with shrimp, tomatoes and Bourbon Cream sauce on a bed of  fresh green baby spinach.  Although it wasn't what I had expected, the shrimps, tomatoes, spinach were fresh.  The tomatoes were still crunchy and a little tart but combined with the cream sauce it was a very nice balance.   I absolutely loved the dish !!!!  If only my stomach was bigger, I would have liked to try the Salmon too.  
My husband had the crawfish etoufee, my daughter has the alligator po-boy and my youngest had the kid's chicken strips both of which were served with fries.  All food were fresh and the portions were generous.  Service was typical of New Orleans, casual and easy going.  There is no rush here so don't expect extremely fast service.  We were full so didn't try any of the desserts.This was a terrible experience! We were with a party of 20 or so, we were the first to arrive (on time). Celeste our waitress should look for an alternative career as her people skills are horrible! She was unorganized, inefficient, rude and confrontational. She took one order at a time, ran back and put the order in and then came back to get another order and did the same thing! Even though we got to the restaurant first we got our food and got to order last! Several people in our party had their food before we had even ordered ours! We ordered an appetizer, baked oysters and two meals. I had to go downstairs to the bar to get my coke refills because the waitress was MIA and ignored my husband and I. When I could see everyone in our party was finishing their main meal and their appetizers were eaten a long time ago I told the waitress to forget the appetizer and the oysters (which had obviously been forgotten) and just bring our meals. In a sarcastic tone she said"Look we are doing our best!"   When everyone had finished their food we got our baked oysters (which I had cancelled 20 mins before lol) and they explained that they took so long because they had to be baked! First, they should have mentioned that when we ordered and second if they took so long baking why did they arrive cold? I sent them back.There was never a mention as to WHY the appetizer took so long! The appetizer was good.The waitress then brings our bill and I said "what about our main entrees? "She said "you cancelled them" I said "no I cancelled the oysters and the appetizer because they had obviously been forgotten, I mean look everyone is done with all their food and we have just got our appetizers." My hubby asked them to remove the oysters from the bill (we had sent them back afterall) and the manager was also confrontational and rude and refused! He finally saw after we layed the whole picture down that they screwed up and "generously" offered to buy the appetizer and the coke after the embarrassment and humiliation in front of our friends who were all appauled about how badly we were treated they all said they will never return to Le Bayou and many of them live in NOLA. Terrible experience.  We went to the Gumbo shop and had an awesome dinner!This is our first time in New Orleans and our first stop since getting here and Kenny made it an experience we will never forget! He expanded our horizons and we tried oysters for the first time! The best part of it was that they were amazing! Coming here is a must! Food and drinks are both really great!Really mixed experience.  We were promptly greeted and seated when we arrived at 6:00 PM. It was over 10 minutes before our waiter made it back to the table to take our drink and appetizer order.  From there, he was very attentive for the rest of the meal.  We had the Ya-Ya Shrimp appetizer and it was excellent (shrimp in a spicy pesto).  My girlfriend had the jambalaya pasta and enjoyed the dish.  I had the Blackened Redfish and was disappointed.  The fish was  over-cooked and dry.  The side order Of jambalaya was fairly tasteless.  There are simply too many better options for food in the French Quarter to recommend this place.We came to La Bayou because we wanted a dinner that was more casual and less expensive.  Our server had such a low voice, we couldn't even hear what she was saying over the loud crowd.  So basically, we had to order without her recommendations.  We started with the oysters ya-ya, which were ok but the oysters were really small. My friends ordered the Shrimp and Grits Napoleon (shrimp and grits layered with fried green tomatoes)...and this dish was excellent.  I ordered the Eggplant and Crawfish Tchefuncte and did not like it at all! The cajun cream sauce was bland and the crawfish was kinda chewy.This place ROCKS!!! Come here for the friendliest and most accommodating hosts and waiters! Jay and Ashton made sure my Christmas dinner was the most memorable! Thank you guys! See you next year!Right on bourbon and easy to get to. Reasonable prices. Fun, traditional bar scene. Friendly staff. The stuffed fish and shrimp and grits were  pretty good. I tasted the shrimp creole, but it wasn't my favorite. Well worth the price of the food here, though. Glad I went, but probably wouldn't return if I came back to NOLA.Small but nice - not super packed and not crazy with drunk "college" people.  The service was friendly (although they did forget an extra side until the very end) and they offer a "locals" discount.  There was also a yelp check-in deal.  We had good people watching and the drink was classic.
Overall a nice place, I just wasn't blown out of the water.  If you are looking for real food and the ability to relax though in this part of town, it may be worth a stroll by.We were visiting from San Francisco and had to enjoy the Bourbon street nightlife. After a few drinks we decided to head back to the hotel and call it a night. On our way back we saw that Le Bayou was still open and serving food. We asked to be seated and were seated right away. We ordered the crab & corn bisque which was so yummy, especially at 1:30 in the morning. The shrimp ya ya was different, but super delicious. And a dozen oysters, that were basic raw oysters. Overall it was simple and it hit the spot. The hostess and server definitely showed us outstanding southern hospitality.Great food. Best oysters in Nola! You need to try the taste of the Bayou next time you hit Bourbon st. Annie and Tom were great bartenders, had my first Absolute mule with them and it was fantastic!Sorry, I don't get why this restaurant is rated 4 stars.   I had the blackened redfish with dirty rice and squash.  The fish wasn't blackened at all, rather it had a thin dusting of some type of seasoning and it was dry and flavorless and was swimming in the juice from the squash.  The dirty rice tasted like the kind you make out of the box.  Maybe I ran into a bad night but I can best describe my meal as "expensive cafeteria food."  On a positive note, the service was prompt, attentive and everyone was very nice.Great oysters. Sit at the oyster bar with Nashawn and Teddy for some great entertainment and lively debates too!Wonderful service!! I especially enjoyed our waiter Aaron!he was awesome and offered great food suggestions and places go visit! Food was delicious!I love the vibe of this place. We had balcony seating which was amazing for people watching and the food and drinks were on point.We went here  just for drinks.  It was on Thanksgiving day so it was a little dead inside.  That being said, however, the atmosphere was still nice.  
The bartender was attentive and friendly.  The drinks were decent.  The cocktail menu definitely tries to cater to tourists looking to get plastered, which isn't quite my vibe. 
If you are in the French Quarter and looking for a more sterile bar to stop at this is a good choice.I would not recommend this restaurant.   For the most part the food is mediocre and the service / attitude is pretty bad.   This is not a reflection of our waiter as he defiantly tried but the supporting cast was awful.   
We had some apps and were finished with our plates.  The main course came (from another server).  When we asked her to take the app plates she said "He's gonna do it" and then yelled across the restaurant at him.  Crazy.   
It's in a prime time location but you would think that they would do a little better.   I would not recommend and won't repeat.We had a big group and walked in during dinner with no reservation. They sat us right away and put us upstairs in our own room which was perfect for our group. This place is right off of bourbon too. 
We had gator bites and shrimp yaya for appetizers I actually got a free app for the yelp check in too! Both were really good especially that yaya sauce. I ordered the taste of the bayou which had jambalaya, gumbo, étouffée and red beans and rice. It was perfect to be able to try a little of everything, and was actually a lot of food for a decent price. My favorite one was the crawfish étouffée. Others around me got fish dinners and shrimp and grits, which looked awesome. No complaints from anyone. 
Service was great as well as the food!Our waitress tenisha I believe was her name was great quick efficient and very friendly.  When it comes to the food I had the big easy po boy and the crawfish critters thing for an appetizer great food tasty and not very costly at all.  Come check it out and get a signature swamp juice to go!Cold fries...yuck!!!!!!! Hope i can give this place 000stars...Gumbo ok...price overly expensiveFreshly shucked oysters and an Abita Turbo Dog is enough for a thumbs up in my book.  The place was fairly busy for after 11pm but the counter was pretty dirty up at the oyster bar.  If I ever have a need for oyster after hours, this is the place.The food here was fantastic! I would definitely recommend it. The location is great as well. Our waiter wasn't the friendliest, but he was efficient.Nawlin's for Halloween what could be better! This city popped my Yelp cherry. Finally gave in and got a smart phone right before departing on a two week vacation, my 1st download was the ever addicting yelp. 
After a disastrous arrival and switching of accommodations we were starving and ready to get some local food. Where to go? Bourbon St of course and with the help of the handy gps we were guided directly where we wanted to go. A window seat with big strong drinks and festive decor fit the bill. Location was tourist central so I was worried the food wouldn't be that authentic. I was starving and stressed but upon sitting down I relaxed and realized it was just the beginning of a week long celebration of Halloween! My favorite holiday!
Our sever was something else. It was as if he was putting on a show just for us. Probably the best service I've ever gotten. This was a career choice and I bet he made a killing. Wish I could remember his name maybe buddy? Anyway he asked us if it was our first time there? Gave us detailed descriptions of all the dishes we were curious about. Took photos at our table then outside after we ate!
I love green olives and had never tried a Muffaletta so I signed on for the salami and ham topped with melted provalone and the unique olive salad. The bread was lightly toasted the ingredients were a special combination. J had the Crawdad Po Boy. The crawdads were amply seasoned and freshly fried. The bun was a little hard but not enough to make the meal poor. J had a draft beer while I indulged in a glass of red wine then a Nawlin's style long Island so refreshing.3.5 stars. We were walking on Bourbon street Sunday night and everything was closing at 10pm. We walked by and walked into Le Bayou, unenthusiastically mind you. We sat and when i asked our waiter which of the two grilled oysters he recommended, he told me about one that wasn't on his menu. This was his favorite. Grilled with garlic butter and parmesan. SOLD! We also ordered a po boy with shrimp and fried green tomatoes. As soon as the oysters hit the table you could smell that they were going to be good. This was my first time ever having them grilled. They smelled amazing and tasted even better. The best way to describe the flavor was oyster steak. Delicous!!! I don't think i will ever order oysters rockefeller again. They just cant compare to grilling them. The po boy, ahhh. My girl liked it. I was expecting big fried shrimp, not small, cold ones. She liked the temperature contrast between the fried green tomatoes and the shrimp. I had to redeem the po boy by ordering another half dozen oysters. Treat your self by going to Le Bayou and ordering a full dozen. Seriously. They are that good. ENJOY!!!I just finished the best meal so far. It was at Le Bayou. I had the Stuffed Fish and it was delicious! I have been in New Orleans since Friday, it's now Monday and I wandered in for lunch. It is a convenient location and the manager, JD, was very helpful with recommendations and the staff was super attentive. 
I was walking around the FQ and thought I wanted to go to the Acme Oyster House, but the staff wanted me to wait in line, even though I wanted to eat at the bar. I'm glad I left. La Bayou was fantastic.We came at the beginning of dinner service so the server was super fast and food came immediately. We had the sampler of Etouffee gumbo jambalaya with oysters and crawfish cake. All very good eats.I legit can't write about the food, but I can legit tell you of other things. In need of mimosas, we stopped in here before meeting some friends. 
I made a pit stop in the bathroom, only to be met by a mostly dead cockroach (mostly dead is still slightly alive..).  I do NOT handle roaches well. At all. Luckily for me and my bladder, it was dead enough I could handle it. 
Mimosas waited for me when I made it to the bar. It was a fine mimosas; filled the need at the time. Looking around, though, the place just felt dirty. Floors and tables just seemed...dirty. 
Finished up mimosas and headed toward other places--any other place--as there was no need to stick around.We stumbled upon this place after we slept through our reservations at Stella and then tried and unsuccessfully couldn't get into another place. They sat us right away but as soon as we ordered beers the waitress came over and told us there was a 40 minute wait for food. We sucked it up and just people-watched. There was a random fight in the restaurant- strange...
We ordered: shrimp ya ya's & shrimp & corn soup which were ok, the rest of the food was less then mediocre. The spinach & artichoke dip tasted like it was bad and the soft shelled crab po-boy had nothing in it. That and 4 beers was outrageously expensive for bad food. :(I was looking for a cheap, casual dinner around my hotel at 6:30 on a Monday night.  Somewhere not too crowded that I could quickly get some grub and some drinks.  Walking down Bourbon it started to rain, so I ducked into LA Bayou to escape it.  It fit the bill perfectly.
I sat at the bar and the bartender was very friendly, but I was disappointed she wasn't a native New Orleanian :-)  We chatted a bit, and I got to watch the Stanley Cup Finals on the two big flat screens flanking the bar.  They had several local brews and the bartender was nice enough to pour some samples to let me pick.  I started with the popular Abita Amber, but switched to the Alligator Andy Pale Ale which I actually liked a bit more.  I had the Taste of New Orleans plate, which I figure is what all the tourists order - a cup of red beans and rice, a cup of jambalaya, and a cup of gumbo.  The gumbo was actually pretty good (mind you, I have absolutely no frame of reference though) but the other two were just average.  
I'm sure this place gets crazy later at night, but it was the perfect casual touristy bar/food place for me at the time.I had a pretty average Oyster po-boy. It was good, don't get me wrong, but it was not spectacular, and there is spectacular in the French Quarter.
We had great service and my wife had a steak which she really enjoyed.
I have gone there before and we sat at the Oyster Bar and the oysters were great and fresh and we had a great time.Very good Creol fare. Though clearly a tourist draw, you definitely get the bang for your buck and the quality was wonderful. We got the alligator Po boy (yes it tastes like chicken, but it's very juicy) and a sampler trio that included a gumbo, red beans and rice, jumbalya, and ettoufe. All very delicious. We were sat by the balcony which is an absolute must! Our waitress, Jamyra, was also super down to earth and very sweet. Again, it's definitely a tourist draw but a "trap" it is certainly not.Chargrilled oysters and poboys were excellent. Service was a bit on the slow side though. We sat there for nearly 15 minutes and nobody came to serve us. We had to go tell the hostess. Everything was fine after that.Food was good, but service was extremely slow. If you want a great atmosphere, sit upstairs on the balcony. Great view of bourbon street. Lots to see...Excellent food and very personable staff. Aaron was top notch and took extra time to give recommendations on what to do while we are in town. Shrimp po boy was excellent and shrimp ya ya was the bestThis was my first visit to New Orleans- but im convinced there's no topping this place. The food = phenominal. But the view at dinner..... WOW. We sat outside on the balcony overlooking Bourbon St. 
Everything we ordered was well received and we finished off everything- suggestion-- get several things to share. Too many good items to try. 
Ask to sit on the balcony. You'll be so happy you did.This place was pretty average as far as New Orleans restaurants go. Our server was very nice, but the food was average at best - definitely not up to par with some of the other great New Orleans spots!Excellent food and service!  It was so good I ate here two nights in a row.  Red beans and rice, shrimp and grits napoleon, and the jambalaya pasta were all perfect.  Beers are pricey at $8 but they are huge and it is bourbon street after all.Excellent oysters good drinks,  good beer selection, especially on draft. 
Very excellent service in all respects - there was an issue with my payment,  and the manager was extraordinary cooperative in resolving it. Bar staff excellent as well.This place was amazing!!! The food was delicious and our waitress Kelly was very nice and full of great recommdations. I would highly recommend the fried cheesecake.Loved this place !  We were able to sit on the balcony on bourbon street and it was a beautiful view and great food ! 
I ordered a fried crawfish salad ( which isn't on the menu ) and my husband had oysters .  
If you decide to eat here definitely ask to sit on the balcony , it made the experience that much better ! 
The server was very friendly and engaging , I would definitely go back .Came here from Boston looking for some southern cooking and I had a very successful trip. Between the food, location, drinks, and atmosphere I couldn't have picked a better place. I had 12 raw oysters (shucked by Leon - who is the man). I also had the Gumbo and Gator bites. Washing it down with a Hurricane . I will be back!Came in at ~9:30pm as a couple. Were seated immediately  Ordered the bayou baked oysters and the ya-ya oysters. The bayou baked oysters were delicious - bacon, mozzarella, white sauce and oyster. The ya-ya oyters - pesto, parmesan and oyster - were tasty and good but not on the same scale. The complimentary bread was dry - think dry/stale flaky white bread. However, it was saveable with standard butter. The moscato that we ordered was low alcohol content and very sweet. Pretty decent for $7.
Shout out to Herman for being a hard working waiter on a Thursday night! The manager was also out here checking on tables. Generally impressed with the service.
Overall, the bayou baked oysters were awesome and the service was good. I would eat here again but would order something else.One of the best meals of my life! We stumbled on this place on a Sunday night. It was full of people and delicious food. Mitchell Smith was our waiter and wow were we lucky. We took his recommendations and were not disappointed. Bbq shrimp and chargrilled oysters were amazing.We eat here on every trip to NOLA. The Bloody Marys are the best I have found. Last visit I had the shrimp and grits with fried green tomatoes which were absolutely delicious. The roast beef po' boy was good, however it was slightly salty. Staff has always seemed friendly, and it is a good place to people watch on Bourbon.Had a very good time here. My wife and I stopped in for oysters and were not disappointed  we started at the top of the menu and worked our way down. I do recommend this placeFood is extremely disappointing just like all the food on bourbon at. Go to to Frenchman st instead.First time eating raw oysters... Hated it, I didn't care for their patron margarita either, it tasted like lemonade even after I ordered an addt'l shot of patron...The food was great and Kelly was a great waitress! Would absolutely recommend this place to everyoneThis was a great place to eat and the service was fabulous. We had a 'taste of the Bayou' and some baked oysters followed by fried cheesecake. Wish I could bring the recipes back to Wisconsin for sure!!Ah-mazing. If you are considering going here, I'm telling you. Eat at Le Bayou. You will not regret it! Try, no, GET the Shrimp Yaya, Bayou Baked Oysters. The staff was the friendliest and most helpful we've encountered in New Orleans.We had the crawfish cakes crawfish soup, fried alligator, fried oyster platter, and a local draft pale ale. Everything was excellent. The gator and oysters were the best I've had anywhere. Our server Chris was very helpful and in general wonderful. We were the only table upstairs. The creole mustard that came with the gator bites was so good, Chris brought me extra for the mountain of fries that came with the oysters.
It was our first stop on, and set the tone for, our big New Orleans food tour, so I'm hoping the reports that it closed this month are not accurate!This is where I found out I love oysters.  This was a great place to sit above Bourbon St to people watch and get our bellies full.  The rest of the meal was ok.Service: 
Came Sunday around lunch time and was seated right away. Our server was pretty swamped having to cater to the upstairs part of the restaurant by himself. Although he wasn't the most attentive server, he was still pretty good considering the circumstances.
So our table had order oysters for our appetizer but we didn't think it would take an hour to get our food. The hour wait was very disappointing but thank goodness our entrees came out right after we were done eating the oysters. 
Food:
Oysters were very fresh and fat so that was very pleasing since I went to NOLA with the intentions of stuffing my face with good oysters. I originally wanted to order 2 dozens oysters since I'm a big fan of it but decided to just order 1 for the time being. The first dozen was very filling and satisfying I couldn't order more oysters. 
I ordered the Taste of the Bayou entree and tried the jambalaya, etouffee, and gumbo. Each came in a small cup/bowl. The gumbo was good (I've had better) but it was still pretty good. The etouffee was probably my favorite. My date had ordered the crawfish etouffee entree so I ate more of his after I finished mine. I didn't want to touch the jambalaya because it didn't appear appetizing to me (but that might be just me). I did give it to my date to eat for me since I ate some of his food but he took 2 bites and stopped eating it. He said it was okay but I guess it wasn't that great. 
TL;DR: Wait for food was long. Service was okay. Oysters were delicious. Favorite entree is crawfish etouffee. Would go again for the oysters and etouffee.This was, by far, the best dinner that I ate in the French Quarter.  I had the Shrimp and Grits Napoleon. If you do not order it and love it, you have bad taste.  The real reason to go to Le Bayou is the Bananas Foster Cheesecake.  To quote Hilary Duff, "Hey Yeah. Hey Yeah. This is what dreams are made of."  It is probably the best dessert I have ever eaten, and I have eaten a lot of desserts.  Also, friendly staff and great service.  The next time I find myself in New Orleans, this will be my first stop.Loved this place! So much so that we had to come back a second time before we left.
The staff offers good service (some waiters more than others). It's also well situated, right in the middle of all the action of Bourbon Street.
But the food... OMG! The appetizers we tried were delicious (crabcakes and the shrimp with pesto). Entrees were ok. But what made my day was the banana cheesecake. Absolutely smothered in foster sauce! Really a meal (two meals!) to remember!They served us right away, the food was so incredible and not expensive. We ordered raw oysters, jambalaya, and I loved my shrimp Po'boy sandwich. Annie was our bartender and the manager Ruben was very accommodating.They tricked me! Appears to be fine dining with fancy white cloths on table with wine glasses and candles. Don't be fooled! This was the worse jambalaya pasta I have ever tasted. It literally tasted like cheap BBQ sauce over pasta. Ewwww. Seriously? In New Orleans? Come on!  Service was horrible. We weren't greeted at our table for over 12 min when we finally decided to just get served at bar.Service was phenomenal especially being right in the heart of Bourbon Street! Nice getaway in a rainy evening! The oysters were fresh and shrimp pasta ( I would have probably stuck with the oysters) was rich and filling! Overall nice experience.My husband and I happened upon this joint while walking down Bourbon St. on New Years Eve 2016.  We picked this place based on the funny guys inviting people in at the door and the fact that they had space at the bar for us. Randi and Jabari (sorry if spelled wrong) were our bartenders. The first night we went, we had a dozen oysters (brovo and a fair price). My husband had their variation of an Old Fashion, which he ended up not caring for, but he should have known based on the ingredients that he wouldn't like it. Randi made me a concoction with Baileys and Fireball that I loved! We drank on for a while, while be fully cared for by the staff. We enjoyed them. We left to watch the ball drop in Jackson Sq. only to return afterwards to eat. I had the Big Easy po' boy, and my husband had the Bayou Buger. We both loved our food! Both entrees were bursting with flavor and cooked perfectly. The second night we went in to have an infused Bloody Mary. They had a large container with a tap which had layers of olives, onions, pickled okra, and maybe a few other ingredients that was filled with vodka. This ended up being the bed Bloody Mary I have ever had. Hands down. I loved this place, and I would happily go back.  If I was a local, I could see this being my hangout.Been in NOLA for a few days and it is foodie heaven here. I have to leave a 5 star review here for Le Bayou. The chipotle Oysters were delicious as were the Shrimp Ya Ya. The Cajun stuffed fish was excellent. My wife had the crab and corn chowder also delicious. Our server Aaron was very attentive and had us cracking up every time he came by. This is a 4 Star eatery and hopefully my 4 rating will help to bring Le Bayou up to where it deserves to be.I loved this place. The open air, the great bar, and the food!! I had the red beans and rice and a french 75 for a cocktail(my first ever). Our waitress was awesome and super fun. The place was pretty crowded but I didnt feel crowded. The noise level was perfect and the ambiance was great. I couldnt of asked for more!We had a seating at the Patio with a good view of the Bourbon St. There was a wedding gathering right opposite so  a lot of Excitement & Buzzz
We ordered the Blackened Shrimp Cajun Jambalaya & the Shrimp Creole the food was good however the waiter forgot our cutlery and then was not around to get the bill or check for drinks...Good food but should work on their service !!Service - Our server was lazy.  We shared a po boy and asked for it to be cut in half.  Server said he'd ask but it wasn't cut.  The table was sharing appetizers and he didn't bring out appetizer plates until we asked.
Decor - Wood, warm tones, tv's.   
Reservations - Busy but never a wait.
Food - Subpar
1. Crawfish or Shrimp Po Boys - TONS of fried crawfish as compared to shrimp.  Crawfish had more of a fishy taste.  Don't go here for po boy unless it's the last resort.  
2. Fried Green Tomato Appetizer - Good.  Four fried green tomatoes lightly battered. Topped with four big shrimps and remoulade sauce.  Good texture.  First time I saw shrimp that wasn't gulf shrimp and  deveined!  I'm glad they just put a touch of remoulade instead of drenching the dish.Very good Authentic Cuisine.. from gumbo to fish, everything in between was awesome! Had a one of a kind waiter named Mitch, who has mastered his craft in catering to your every dinner time need... Will def. need to come back again!I was very unhappy with my meal. I wanted a fried green tomato po boy because I don't eat meat, so after the waitress was rude about it, she brought me a slopped together fried green tomato, lettuce, and pickle sandwich, and charged me for the most expensive sandwich on the menu. When I asked why I was being charged for the most expensive sandwich, and not the least expensive sandwich, considering I didn't get the meat, which is the thing that costs the most on a sandwich, she said because fried green tomatoes are very expensive...... Um ok. 
In addition, the portions were tiny, the food was unimpressive, and the prices were ridiculously high.Great place directly on Bourbon Street!  I don't have many other places to compare these Oysters to as this was my first time down to New Orleans, but these Oysters were GREAT!  I ordered a dozen and loved each and everyone of them.  
I also ordered the alligator bites (thanks yelp for the check-in special) and they tasted like popcorn chicken.  Never had alligator before.
I also ordered the Catfish Po-Boy which was good, but not amazing.  I wish they had a ramoulade sauce on the bread.  Keep in mind my experiences with Po-Boys are from the north, so I'm sure this was more authentic?  But I prefer Papa Roux in Indianapolis the most.
All in all, I'd come back here again, but the issue with so many places to choose from on Bourbon and surrounding streets is that I'd like to try new places.
I highly recommend this place.  Service was slow, but VERY friendly....server joked with us and had a lot of fun...but many times we'd notice them just chatting in a corner ignoring customers.Great po'boy sandwiches. The remounted sauce was to die for. Open until 2am so great place for late night meal!I loved this place. We were seated on the balcony so we had a great view of Bourbon Street. Our waiter Mitch was attentive, friendly and helpful about the menu and the city. He was very honest about what the best items on the menu were and all of his recommendations were accurate. My husband had duck gumbo which he loved and I had corn and crab chowder which was great. The jambalaya and shrimp was great and so was the red fish. The portion for the red fish was huge. Great drinks too. Definitely try it if you're looking for a casual place with great food.Very cool place with a nice balcony to see Bourbon Street while you eat. The drinks are delicious. The food was pretty average but the staff was great! We tried cold oysters for the first time and the waiter was nice enough to walk us through how to eat them.Didn't actually eat here because: 
I bought a restaurant.com certificate for this restaurant 5 years ago. Restaurant.com certificates do not expire, but if a restaurant is no longer a participant, restaurant.com will notify you and allow you to exchange it. I was ever notified of such, so I assume Bayou will honor it. When we arrive to be seated, out of precaution I tell the employee I have a restaurant.com certificate I purchased 5 years ago and ask if they will honor it. The employee looked at me like I was crazy and with his smirk, proceeded over to the manager I presume, that was leaning up against the bar in the rear of the restaurant with additional employees standing around him. A second later the manager and his employees are laughing away and send the original guy back to tell me no. I was appalled of the lack of professionalism these people displayed.Food was delish and Kevin M our waiter was on point!! Most def would eat here again and againSeafood restaurant on Bourbon St.  Fast friendly service. This was a spur of the moment choice, the alcohol and tireless walking had set it. The restaurant was packed, but we were sat rather quickly.
Chicken and Sausage gumbo- it had a very nice texture to the soup- not too watery and not too thick like gravy. The pepper overtones kind of took over the dish, but overall quite satisfying. 
Oysters, bacon bits, and cheese. - was a bit of disappointment. On the dry side. Hardly any bacon on the oysters. C-minus at best. 
Overall it's a Good place or a quick bite.-Awesome server!
-amazing shrimp & grits
-good bourbon chicken
-good rice & beans!
Very authenticEasily the best red beans dish I've ever had! The Andouille sausage was amazing and their blackened seasoning was delicious!  Great service to boot! Doc was entertaining and on top of everything!So... Le Bayou. I come here once a year for a yearly NO trip, and each time, I come away with the same feeling: Satisfactory.
There is always an open table, when there's either 4 of us or 10 of us. The service is usually solid. And the food is New Orleans classic food. I've never been overly impressed, and I've never been disappointed. It's always right in the middle of mediocre for me.
I'll probably continue the tradition in the future. I really enjoy the balcony up top that overlooks Bourbon St, and that it's always a safe bet without a line. Thanks, Le bayou :)Very nice atmosphere, our waitress Sierra was awesome, the food looked and tasted amazing. We got the blackened chicken, taste of New Orleans, shrimp creole, and the jambalaya pasta. 10/10 would recommend!LA Bayou is your typical tourist trap restaurant, right smack on Bourbon Street. But, I think you'd actually be quite surprised with the food this place has to offer! The appetizers here are delicious and well prepared so I'll get right into it.
I'm going to go out on a limb and say that the Oyster Rockerfeller was one of the best I've ever tried. Everything from the chopped bacon, fresh cheese, and minced herbs brought the oysters to a whole new level. It was brilliant how properly made and flavorful this dish wash, definitely my favorite -- I'll give it a 4.5/5
The Crab Claws were also tasty and was surprisingly very meaty, which was a huge plus for me because it just absorb all the flavors from lemon garlic butter sauce. Besides being a bit on the salty side, I thought it was a savory and delicious appetizer -- I'll give this a 4/5.
The Crawfish cakes here was a great treat as well although not as bold in flavors as the above mentioned dishes. The crawfish was not as prominent as I would have liked, the remoulade sauce on top help bring moisture and flavor the crab cakes -- I'll give the cakes 3.5/5.
The Fried Green Tomatoes was appetizing! I liked the sweetness from the tomato and then the crispness from the batter, definitely paired well together. A downside was probably the shrimp on top. Although they were large pieces of shrimp, I thought it lacked some seasoning or marinade -- I'll rate it 3/5.
Finally, Fried Gator, I've tried it before so I was excited to try it again but this in cajun city -- Louisiana!  The pieces of gator were fried perfectly and the meat was moist and juicy. A downside had to be the batter and I felt that it did not have enough crunch to it -- I'll say its 3.5/5.
The restaurant is right on Bourbon Street so of course it can get packed easily and get a little rowdy/noisy at times. But to be honest, who cares -- you're in New Orleans! Enjoy the scene, the history, and most importantly, the food! Anyways, if you don't like the food, there's hundreds of bars to choose from to help wipe your memory clean.I was very pleased with the service here. Rubin manager went out of his way to help us. My dad is not a fan of fried or spicy and he helped make it possible. The first entree was fried and he made the entree himself. He was very nice and helped make our experience excellent! High recommend.Just wanted to start off by saying that this is on Bourbon Street, so you gotta expect your wallet or purse to hurt afterwards. The price wasn't right for the type of food. I had a Gator Po' Boy ($15), which is a sandwich with fries, half a dozen oysters ($8), and a beer (9). I know i shouldn't have paid $9 for a beer, but let me explain. This beer was very nutty and sweet. Its like a mildly sweet New Castle. Simply delicious. The gator was great, its deep fried and tastes....fried. The most notable taste is when you actually bite into that tender gator. Its marinated Nawlins' style and is just great. Its put inside of 6" of french bread served with fries. Probably not the best place to go if you are looking for a Po Boy, cause those are all over the city for cheaper and taste the same. You could possibly be paying for the environment through. Take a break, eat, then continue to party!My food was terrible. I had the shrimp and grits with fried green tomatoes. The tomatoes were soggy. My shrimp was over cooked and tough and dry. The grits were dried and tasted under cooked. My husband food was had no flavor.Appetizers came out in a decent time, the waiters were very nice but sure take their time with everything. Food took ages to come out. Some meals came out luke warm instead of hot like needed and somehow the salad came out warmer than my own meal and soggy. I did not receive one refill on my water even after I had requested it multiple times. I thought I might die in the establishment before I received the final check to end the torture.I was very happy with what I ordered. Our server recommended a few different dishes and I ended up getting 2 of them.
For appetizer I ordered the ya-ya chargrilled shrimp. I thought the creamy pesto sauce was excellent. 
For my main dish I ordered the shrimp and grits Napoleon. The fried green tomatoes, grits, shrimp, and Cajun cream sauce all in one bite was literally a party in my mouth haha. Get this, you won't be disappointed! 
I wasn't super thrilled about the drink I ordered, Swamp Water. It was a little too sweet for me. 
Our server was great and split the check for every person in our party without any complaints. We sat upstairs which is much nicer than the downstairs main area.Great oysters, large and fresh.  Also had the Taste of the Bayou which was excellent although a little heavy on the rice.  Great atmosphere as well.For my first meal in New Orleans I stopped by here because it wasn't as busy as other places and I was starving after a long day of driving. Despite not being as packed as the other places nearby, it's still a solid option for food.
I sat at the bar so I could watch a World Cup game. Bartenders and other staff were pretty cool to talk to while I sat there to eat and watch the game.
Raw oysters were great and they have decent beer on tap. If you want to avoid the lines in other places, this place is a great alternative.Kelly is the best.  Get the oysters and cheesecake.  Great atmosphere and great service, best place this side of the Mississippi.My husband and I went to le bayou expecting great service based on the  recent reviews. That was not the case.  The hurricane drink was horrible. My husband ordered the catfish platter and  they gave him spoiled fish.  They had the nerve charged us for the shrimp platter when he was unhappy with his first order.  When we get back to Texas I tell everyone who travels to  NOLA not to go this restaurant.Located on Bourbon, we settled here because Acme was too long of a wait.  The atmosphere of the restaurant is inviting.  There was 9 of us and even though the place wasn't packed, there was some hesitancy by the host to seat us on the base level and they wanted us to sit upstairs.  After we explained that was not acceptable due to some in our party, then we were accommodated on the base level.  Our waiter..hmmmm, I wasn't very happy with him.  He got overwhelmed very quickly and he even snapped at us a few times.  I kept my cool and decided to laugh it off, but let me say, I was 2 seconds off of asking for the manager.  He was also a bit irritated that I did my Yelp check-in and received a free appetizer offer.  I will say the food was good, which is the reason for the 3 stars.  Etouffee, great!  Catfish po'boy, side of remoulade please, great!  I'll wait for Acme next time to avoid that waiter again.We wanted it to be SO much better!!
Location is great.  Menu looks great.  Service was awful.
We stopped in for lunch at this restaurant in a group of six adults, and had a very disappointing experience.  We were seated immediately upon getting there by a friendly hostess, sitting upstairs at a large table near the balcony.  It was after 2:00 pm CST, so the restaurant was not crowded and servers were plentiful.
We were greeted quickly, but that's the only thing that was quick about the service during this meal.  We ordered cocktails right away and they took nearly 20 minutes to get to the table.  We were unable to order our meal until about 45 minutes after we got our drinks due to the server being inattentive and nowhere, NOWHERE to be found.  We flagged down several other servers who said they would find her, but that never happened.  Once we ordered it was nearly an hour until our we got our food,  and only 5 of us were eating.  I honestly don't even remember if the food was good because I was so distracted by the horrible service.  We will not visit this restaurant again unless there is a drastic shift in service standards.Watch the crazy of Bourbon Street pass by in this little but good eatery...be careful though I saw two trays of drinks get dropped ON customers while we were there. Entertaining but only cause it didn't happen to us. The steak was perfectly cooked and I loved the sauce on the Shrimp yaya but by far the best thing we ate here was the Alligator tail. Do not let the fact that you aren't sure because hey its alligator stop you from trying this dish it is fabulous and tasted to me like a cross between chicken and calamari.
If you eat dinner here be careful of falling beads when you enter and exit there is a gallery immediately overheadI have absolutely no idea how this place has so many stars. The service was the only redeeming quality to this restaurant. The Shrimp and grits was recommended by the waiter, and came out as a soggy, smelly bowl of....mushy soup that smelled like wet catfood. It was moist, watery, and completely inedible. The Caesar salad was oily, tasteless, the greens were wilted and the crotons were just toasted bread ends soaked in oil, making them greasy and grimey. The drinks were good, as was the service, but the food was legitimately some of the worst I've ever had in my life. This was sadly the only bad meal I've ever had while visiting NOLA; there are much better places so please don't risk it!Had a great meal that included the Taste of the Bayou that included four local favorites. Our server, Kelly, was awesome. She was on top of everything and spent time with us. Great experience.The food here was great ordered the shrimp and grits! Fantastic and the swamp water drink was delicious! Sophie was a great server we'll be back!Great service and food.  Food selection obviously slants towards seafood, but non-seafood eaters will have a few items to choose from that were enjoyable (as oppose to being a second thought.) This is a good place for lunch and people watching.What a great place! Immediately, from the time we sat down, Dave, the bartender introduced himself and in short order, we had met Dave, Dorothy, Tim and Chris! They make you feel like you're at your own  hometown bar/restaurant! Shrimp Ya - Ya -EXCELLENT!! Not your typical "touristy" place on Bourbon St. This is what Louisiana good food and hospitality is all about A++++!This was one restaurant I didn't check out on yelp before the trip, but I am glad we stopped in.  Our server was super nice, she had lots of recommendations on the menu.  I had the crawfish cakes and a cup of the corn and crab bisque.  The bisque had sweet corn and so full of flavor.  I did get a few crab shells in the soup but not really a big deal.  My husband had the Ya Ya oysters.  They are baked with a pesto sauce and were very good.  I don't eat oysters but I had to try one.  He had the shrimp and grits which have friend green tomatoes in them.  Not a fan at all of the FGT so I passed on that.  Overall the service was good, the food was great and the atmoshphere was very good.  I would go again!