We stayed there overnight Fri 4/48 - Sat 4/29 2017 . We have stayed in 4 star rooms in Paris and London, this was as nice if not nicer. The staff was easy and engaging and that's not what I expected after reading some of the recent reviews, but I just talked to them like a normal person and they were like old friends. 
The whole decor is elegant and what you would expect for a 4 star diamond hotel, the location is convenient. We enjoyed the rooftop pool and view it  really is perfect for a romantic getaway. 
We will deff be coming back for the 10pm pb&j's and hot chocalate !! Can't say enough good things , don't miss it if you can.My stay at Le Pavillion was probably the worst hotel stay I have had in some time. I expected a 4-star hotel experience and Le Pavillion definitely did not deliver. I will say that the front desk staff was very nice, as were the bellmen when they were there (there was no bellman when we arrived late for check-in). But, we had several problems during our stay. Each time we complained, the solution was simply to move us to another room. We stayed in four rooms during our four-night stay, which indicates that there is definitely a problem with the hotel.
1. Our first room was dirty. There was garbage on the floor and the bed was full of hair. The bathroom was in serious disrepair and in need of an upgrade. This room reminded me of a Best Western circa 1983.
2. Our second room also had garbage on the floor. The bed was clean, but the bathtub faucet leaked. Housekeeping had left the bath plugged, so the tub was about 1/3 full when we checked into the room. The biggest problem with this room was that at around 7am work started on two of the rooms down the hall. It was extremely loud with workmen with radios going by about every 15 minutes and doors slamming literally about every 30 seconds.
3. The third room, apparently an upgrade to deluxe, seemed that it would be OK. Though this was supposed to be a deluxe room, it was still not up to par with really any of the other high-end hotels where I've stayed. The housekeeping staff is very sloppy, leaving dust on everything. And, the bathroom door in this room stuck, which meant that almost every time my husband used the bathroom he had to jiggle the door for about 20 seconds before being able to exit the room. We were happy enough with this room, until 3am when the neighbors returned from their night of partying and started having a screaming fit, slamming doors and throwing things against the walls. After about an hour of this, I called to complain and was told that the staff already knew about the problem. If this were happening next door to my house, I would have called the police with a report of potential domestic violence. But, the hotel was apparently unequipped to deal with this kind of disturbance, and so let it continue. After I called to complain the woman next door kicked the man out and we finally had some peace...until 10am when she called her husband on the phone and started in again. When I called to complain I was told that a manager would address the issue right away. An hour later when I went downstairs to talk to the manager in person, she was completely unaware that the problem had resumed. This seems like a pretty serious issue to have overlooked. I can't believe the hotel let this kind of behavior continue and did not evict these people.
4. I related this entire story to the manager, and was moved (yet again!) to a suite, room 830. We did recognize this as a very nice gesture in order to compensate for the problems we'd encountered. To be honest, however, I was told this was the largest, nicest suite in the hotel and I was extremely surprised that a hotel of this caliber would not have a better room than suite 830. The suite was quiet, which was really what we were hoping for. We spent two nights in the suite and thought it was fine. But, I would much rather have gotten my money back after the first night and moved to another hotel.
The hot water in 830 is problematic. My husband and I both took cold showers our first night. Again, the bathrooms remind me of a Best Western. I can't believe that this hotel could convince someone to pay for the bath service to take a bath in those nasty bathrooms. The room with the king bed was small. And, the TV in the king bedroom turned itself on. I have no idea what could have happened, but it turned on by itself. Most of the towels are frayed and worn. And, those bedspreads really need to go. They are stained and disgusting. I don't know that I've stayed at any high-end hotel in the past 10 years that still uses bedspreads like that. Seems very unsanitary.
On the plus side, if I played the piano I would have enjoyed having one in the suite. My husband liked the large, flat-screen TV. The turn-down service was very nice, though I am quite confused by which rooms actually receive the service. We were not offered turn-down service for our first two nights. Only once we moved to the suite did we get the service. This seems exceptionally inconsistent, which I believe reflects badly on the hotel.
Again, we do recognize the effort to make our stay more pleasant by moving us to a suite. But, this hotel needs some serious renovation and the staff (particularly the cleaning staff) needs to be trained to pick up the garbage (even if they don't vacuum), dust the phones in the bathrooms, and ensure there is no hair in the beds.Bah Humbug... scheduled our visit in December and this was the only hotel not to have Christmas decorations and a tree. All the other hotels were breathtaking but not ours. I asked at the front desk and was told that the new owners didn't want to celebrate Christmas. I hear others guess complaining also and a few days later a mediocre tree showed up. 
I didn't frequent their bar or restaurant, in protest.
House keeping could have been better. Bathroom was never completely stocked. 
On the positive side, the hotel and rooms were beautiful and quiet. Wasn't far from action, we walked everywhere.  Staff was friendly and helpful, except housekeeping.
We lived for the peanut and jelly sandwiches served at night. Great touch.Stayed here for 3 days in mid-July. Service was excellent. The room was clean if a bit worn (hey, the place is 100 years old, so no surprise there). Bathrooms were nicely updated. The gym facilities were serviceable if not particularly ornate. Nice bar. An interesting part of town, walkable to the French Quarter, Harrah's and the streetcar line on St Charles. I'll definitely stay again if the rates don't bump up too much in the winter and spring.Can we just say AMAZING!!! My first time in NOLA and I was a bit nervous. Enter in a fabulous room. DEFINITELY Worth the price from the roof top pool, to the deluxe bedding I was super comfy. Turn down service INCLUDED A FREE BOTTLE OF WATER EVERY NIGHT( this is huge people) and yummy peanut butter and almond cookies. Not a super far walk to many attractions. The service in terms of doormen, concierge and wait staff was beyond expectations. If you're looking to stay comfortably and get the most out of your experience, stay here. We will definitely be back.Loved this hotel so much! I would highly recommend this hotel if you want to be near the Superdome and all of the tourist attractions. The wait staff is super friendly and they listen to all of your requests. They actually upgraded my standard room to a suite with no charge. Amazing! 
The Hotel itself is super gorgeous but he parking is pain. They have a lot nearby but you will have to park and pay depending on different times and rates. The interior of our room was beautiful! The tub was nice & roomy. Great for relaxing bubble-baths. Overall, the room was very clean. 
The pool was kinda out of the way, but it was well worth it when we got there. Very nice decor; and you can see parts of the city standing over their balcony.
For such a nice hotel, I don't think this place burnt a hole in our wallets or anything. Definitely will be returning again!Where do I start? Our room wasn't stalked with toiletries. Ironing board, no iron. Our blow dryer broke the first day. And we ran out of hot water. For 2 full days.
When we told them all we wanted to do was take a shower, they didn't even offer another room. They asked when we would be checking out, so they could have someone take a look. 
It looks fancy on the outside, but cheap on the inside. 
The only reason I'm giving them a 2 stars is because of the PBJ's.Place is old and needs upgrading... staff super on point and helpful.
best thing is that there in the center of most. 5 min walk to most good things on Yelp.
Stay off the 9th floor rooms.New Orleans - has been great - but our hotel leaves a lot to be desired. Namely despite being a beautiful building/structure - historic & palatial - it's dingy.  The rooms are small & the bed uncomfortable, but the worst THE WORST was not once was the room serviced despite repeated requests. In addition, no true efforts were made to remedy the situation - & rather than issue a refund they claimed that "some sort" of refund would be issued from Expedia.  When we spoke to Expedia they offered a nominal coupon towards a future reservation... And further still when Expedia spoke to the hotel they stated no refund but "they can send someone now."  This place does NOT deserve your $... Upon check out all that was offered was a refund on our $20 bar tab.Thanks Clark and Albee for making my birthday amazing!  Best staycation hotel a local could ask for!We've come to JazzFest for 29 years since 1985. We like to try different hotels in New Orleans. The best we've found are the Windsor Court and the Roosevelt (formerly the Fairmont). Our current stay at Le Pavillion is one of the worst we've ever had, anywhere. The front door is dirty and chipped and the tile is cracked and filthy. Very bad first impression. Check in was fine. Bellmen ok. The rooms are very average, certainly not a luxury quality. Overpriced. One day we came back from Fest to find the maid took a half full bottle of Titos vodka, a lime, the hotel pen, and left no hand towels or wash cloths. She didn't touch the toilet or vacuum our room. The next day, no coffee, cups, towels or vacuuming again. We called the front desk. 25 rings, no answer. We went down to the front desk to complain. They were totally indifferent. We asked for ice because there are no ice machines on any floors. It was delivered one hour and twenty minutes later. There are vacuum cleaners left in the hallways everyday. There is a trash can outside our room collecting water dripping from the ceiling. The ceiling is falling apart. Dead battery in the bedside clock. Not working. Today we left for brunch at noon and made a point to ask the front desk manager to have housekeeping do our room. We returned at 4:00 and our room wasn't touched. We asked the bellman for ice. Half an hour later when it didn't appear I went down and found him and he said he forgot the room number. We're so pissed off we asked the front desk for the GM's card. She said she didn't have one. She wrote his name down for us. I just called down and asked to be transferred to his voicemail. A recording came on that his mailbox is full and not accepting any more calls. Probably from too many guests complaining about abysmal and indifferent service. There is no middle management supervision and they are terribly under staffed. Don't stay at this hotel. It's horrible, overpriced and dirty. This property is a very bad joke. Don't ruin your vacation staying at Le Pavillion. Avoid this property at all costs.I'm so in love with this hotel. The decor is so beautiful. This is not your typical hotel. Everything is old, but in a beautiful way. The rooms are nice and clean. The bed was awesome, and I slept like a baby. I noticed that they've gotten rid of the items in the mini fridge. This is great because we can store things in the fridge. LP has also added microwave, and that's always a plus for slow eaters like myself. I can now reheat my food instead of throwing it away. My last stay our booked room wasn't available until the next day. The staff was upfront, about the situation. Which was no biggie. The next day we packed everything up, and went exploring. The staff moved our belongings to the new room (with our knowledge) while we were out. We came back to keys waiting on us at the front desk, and all of our belonging still in tact. Peanut butter and jelly time is always awesome. I would suggest metal utensils, I read of plastic for a easier application. The staff was friendly from the time we arrived until the time we left, and you can tell that respect is a high priority. They really make this place shine. From the bellman who's been there for 30 plus years, to the housekeeping ladies who asked and us how did we like everything, and even the bellhop who's a college student studying for communication. Everyone works together, and you feel the beauty of Nawlin in this hotel. I look forward to my net stay at LP, because they never disappoint me.This review is only for the restaurant at lunch.
- Very good service
- The salad bar had plenty of options and the vegetables tasted fresh
- The drum was pretty good.  Maybe a little dry
- The caramel cheesecake was pretty bland.  Not very sweet or creamy
- Interesting space.  I spent a good deal of time just checking out the walls, ceiling, and decor.  I liked itMy husband and I came here in 2013 for our honeymoon. Our trip consisted of a cruise leaving from New Orleans but I said I would like to visit before we got on the ship. He found a great deal with this hotel. When we drove up to the doors I was already in love! The hotel is absolutely beautiful! I couldnt stop looking at the gorgeous gold walls and drapes and how regal the whole place looked. I went almost 3 years ago and I still can remember this hotel! They got a heads up that we were on our honeymoon so when we arrived to our room we had a bottle of champagne and strawberries waiting for us! The beds were so comfortable and warm we slept in separate beds on purpose! We did go to the nice hot tub on the roof where we had a gorgeous view of the city. My favorite part was the Sunday brunch we had downstairs and how nice the lady chef was when she made specialty omelets! I really got a great taste of New Orleans cuisine and charm. I told my husband that we HAVE to return to this hotel! Promise you will NOT be disappointed!Highs:
It's frikkin fancy! Easilly one of the classiest hotels I've ever stayed in, with a lot of history. PB&J bar was welcome after an evening in the Quarter. The room was antique meets ultra modern in the bathroom, with a huge walk in shower. However, it was on the small side with an ancient TV. But, we weren't there to watch PBS all day. The bathroom was heated and had loads of big, clean towels!
Lows:
It's expensive. Even with our Hotwire deal it was expensive. But, you get what you pay for! Like every hotel in NOLA, they have paper thin walls. You'll hear everything. Our hairdryer unexplicably fell off the wall and smashed a drinking glass into the sink. Maintenance fixed it and cleaned up quickly.
This will definitely be a destination in the future!Lunch at the Crystal Room was delicious.  The have a large variety of salads (pasta, seafood, chicken, apple, slaws, etc). The waiter recommended the chicken salad and it was indeed delicous and like no other chicken salad I have had. Similar to a pasta salad - oil based, olives, tomatoes, peppers, etc. Try it if you have lunch there.
Slightly disapointed on the selection of hot items but what they had was indeed tasty.  Fried shrimp and catfish, gumbo, chicken teriyaki.
The dinning area is beautiful and the cold buffet was great. I would have lunch here if I was in the area.My first Sazerac, but certainly not my last. A classic, beautiful bar. Worth stopping by, even if you're not lodging here.I stay here every time I'm in the Crescent City, and I make no bones about telling anyone who will listen that I love this hotel.  I love most everything about it-the gorgeous lobby, the fantasticly efficacious and friendly service, the delicious food in the Crystal room, the beautifully appointed rooms, and the great location (close to Bourbon Street, but not too close).
My most recent stay, however (1/25-1/28) provided fodder for the complainer in me, which does occasionally rear its ugly head:
1) My trip, of course, occurred at the most inopportune time imaginable, and the entire city of New Orleans was shut down due to an ice storm.  I was stranded in Dallas on the evening of my scheduled check in at Le Pavillion.  I phoned and informed the friendly reservation gal, and she said not to worry, just travel safe and get here in one piece.  But when I arrived, my reservation was cancelled, and I ended up in a special needs room.  It had a mini-bar, but the queen beds and the wheel chair accessible shower were somewhat annoying.
2) About the Mini-Bar; the prices printed on the in room menu don't reflect the service charge(es) and taxes, so be prepared to pay $9.50 for an Abita, instead of the $6.50 published price.  Same holds true for the Pringles (a traveler's best friend, btw), the Toblerone, the Bloody Mary Mix, and anything else you dig out of the Mini-Bar.
3) Folks in New Orleans must not exercise much, because the equipment in the fitness center was lacking at best.  I tried to get 4 miles on the tread mill, but I gave up after 1.5 because it appeared that the thing was going to topple over at any second.  Same for the multi gym.
I still love this hotel.  The end.Classy and unique, the place is worth a stroll through and a drink even if you're not staying there.  Ambience and detail, excellent crystal, a working antique phone and oil paintings galore.  Definite old world charm.    The staff is professional and welcoming, the concierge is actually helpful, rooms are nice and the PB&J at night was a really nice touch.Absolutely fantastic hotel!  The decor is absolutely beautiful, the location is great, the rooms are clean, and the staff is friendly and polite - what more could you ask for?  Oh you're asking for a free PB&J bar every night?  Don't worry, Le Pavillon has it!
Back to location for a second:  One of the first things I noticed about New Orleans is that cab rides are ridiculously overpriced, which is why we pretty much decided to walk everywhere we went (when we could).  The hotel is in a quiet area (Business District), but it's just a short walk away from the craziness of Bourbon Street (5 - 7 mins).  We were even close enough (just a few blocks) to jump on the shuttle/St. Charles Street Car to go to the other side of the city for the Po Boy Festival - very nice!  A few more blocks down, you have access to Harrah's, the Riverwalk Mall, and the walkways around the river, which is beautiful.
I highly recommend this hotel!  I would definitely stay there again during future trips to New Orleans!
Note:  I did some price comparisons among several websites when booking the hotel and found that the hotel's website gave the best price with a AAA discount.I have stayed here 5 times for a lengthy amount of time. The staff is the best in the industry, and you will not be met with anything but kindness. Perry and Paula do the best job ever of making you feel welcome and resolving issues quickly.
The PBJ sandwiches at night are a great way to wind down your day in NOLA. The hotel is decorated very well and throws you back into the days when hotels were elegant and charming.
If I had to mention some concerns or upgrade requests they would be very few and very minor, such as upgrading the business center computers so the printers function and you can print boarding passes without bothering FD employees. Another is that the Internet access bogs down in the evening as guests check their emails/news, etc. I recommend more speed or possibly fiber service. Also the Mikrotik gateway you use to log in is too small for a large load (Yep, this is what I do for a living) Again, all minor and really rather unimportant.
The important thing is they all make you feel comfortable, happy, and confident in their abilities.I will never stay anywhere else in NOLA when I visit! I am a believer!!!This hotel is beautiful and the staff are extremely helpful and friendly. I booked through Hotwire and randomly got this hotel. I've always had a problem with hotels not having my info or reservation or treating me differently when I book through a secondary site. I usually try to go throught the hotel directly because of this but this time, it was too big of a savings. The staff here were great though and even let me check in really early! I
The bed was descent though a little hard since I'm a side-sleeper but better than most  hard-as-a-rock hotel beds. 
I didn't get a chance to eat at the hotel restaurant but it lloked nice. They did put out fancy PB&J sanwhichs for the evening which was fabulous coming back and being able to grab a late night snack!The hotel is awesome.  The lobby is spectacular.  The rooftop deck is fun.  The 10pm PB&J bar is great.   
The normal rooms need some work.  The bedding is old and worn.  The rooms are a bit dark.  But they're quite and have style to them.
The suites on each floor and amazing.  We stayed in the Castle Suite and loved it.  Modern bedding, a huge bathroom.  Loved it.Everything from reservations to check-in, to changing rooms, to check-out was awesome. The staff was super friendly. I love the decor of the place, very classy. Some highlights are:
* 10-11PM there are free PB&J sandwiches in the lobby for guests
* The closets have lights that turn on when you open them. Kind of like refrigerators. Just a little piece of awesome.
* The fitness center pretty well thought out with a variety of weight machines, cardio equipment and free weights
* The pool is open late and is on the rooftop.
And finally, there's a guy named Gustav who helped me get my camera back after I had left it at the hotel. He dealt with me numerous times via the phone and got it back to me by the end of the week.
If I go back, I will be staying at Le Pavillion!Our family stayed here during a recent trip to New Orleans.  A lot of the hotels in the area are $200+ a night, so we tried to save a buck by using Hotwire.  We checked out the website, and the reviews looked great.  We were looking forward to staying in a local place with some history rather than the usual chain. 
The first day I was not impressed.  The parking is $39/night, which is a little steep in my opinion.  We saw some lots nearby for $16/night but chose to keep the car at the hotel for all three nights for the convenience.  We waited for the elevator for a few minutes -- there are two elevators: one was working and the other appeared to be out of service but there were no signs indicating it was out of order or any indication that it was being serviced.  For a big hotel, it was a little annoying especially because the elevators are tiny.  When we got to the floor, the hallways smelled really musty.  It seems like all the furniture and the carpets are really old.  The hotel is in need of some renovations for sure. 
As the days passed, I grew to like it a little more.  The service is excellent.  Everyone who works there is very nice and helpful.  The shower was always really hot, and the PBJ's at 10pm were a nice touch and a little nicer than I expected.  You can choose from white or wheat bread, crunchy or creamy peanut butter, and Apple jelly, grape jelly, or strawberry preserves.  And they had marshmallows and fresh whipped cream for the hot chocolate.  Good stuff!  I wouldn't call this a 4.5 star hotel, though, but we did get a nice Southern hospitality feel while we were there. 
I would stay again if I got the same deal, but I would never pay the normal nightly rate unless they do some renovations!Beware- this hotel lost my hotel reservation. Not fun having your flight delayed and getting to the hotel at midnight to find they have no record of your room even though you are holding a confirmation.My family recently booked a block of rooms here for several family members who were in New Orleans for my sister's wedding. When I first arrived I was impressed by the beautiful entrance of marble and gold trims. But all that glitters isn't gold. The three people at the front desk were too engaged in their own conversation to greet us even though they looked at us as we approached. Our room wasn't ready yet, I was told we would get a phone call after 3 when our room was ready. Hours later, I still hadn't received a phone call. I had to call the hotel at 4:30 to ask and a disinterested front desk attendant said "it's been ready". After we checked in, a gentleman attendant brought our bags up to our room. I thanked him and went to go get my wallet to tip him, he didn't seem to realize that and decided to passive aggressively yell "thank you for your generosity" as he slammed the door. At this point I'm beside myself in shock as I am in the hospitality industry myself. I wish I could say that was the end of it, however on my second day there, which happened to be my birthday, I attempted to buy tickets for a tour I wanted to take in the French quarter and my card was declined. The hotel charged me for over 3 times what I was supposed to be charged for the room. I was told that they could refund it but it would take 3-5 business days to refund. Considering this was a weekend and I needed that money for this trip and to help with my sisters wedding, I had to forfeit my birthday plans and go back to the hotel to deal with the situation. The manager on duty was able to refund my money after I had to call my bank and go back and forth faxing forms and proving my identity. The whole process took over an hour and at the end of it, I was given breakfast vouchers "for the inconvenience". Honestly those were more insulting than anything else I'd endured there. Having to cancel my birthday plans and the stress of not being able to pay for anything on the weekend of my sisters wedding is more than an "inconvenience". The manager still refunded the incorrect amount, which resulted in me having to deal with billing issues at 5am when I was trying to check out and catch a 6am flight. The front desk attendant who knew nothing of the prior situation tried to explain away the original fiasco as a charge for "incidentals" which was incorrect and did not involve him in the first place. I go to New Orleans 2-3 times a year and I will NEVER book with Le Pavilion again and strongly advise against it. Their staff isn't even competent enough to run a Howard Johnson.I just had a lunch meeting at La Pavillion and it was a hit. Food is excellent and service is top notch. The atmosphere is great, very toney. If people from outside of area are coming in you might give them a heads up on parking, street parking is fine for short term ($2.00) and lots are available for $7 for the day.Highlights: 
---the feeling of splendor in the grand lobby
---cushy and comfortable beds and pillows
---PBJ sandwiches (multiple types of jam available for your making pleasure) and decadent hot cocoa with real whipped cream and marshmallows at 10 PM
---friendly staff that really helped make sure we got where we needed to be on time
---lovely bathrooms in the rooms
---great location
Lowlights: 
---wasn't able to get keys to get into my room for over an hour (even though I arrived at the hotel over half an hour after check-in time)
---walls were thin so I could hear people in adjacent rooms and the hall throughout the night (but I'm a light sleeper)This is by far my WORST hotel experience. The hotel itself was nice (old but charming) but the customer service was TERRIBLE! Everything turned into "a thing"!!! It's a long one but only because there was a lot of issues. #NoFrills
First, we check in Friday and the room was smaller than depicted in pictures. Our "Deluxe King" did not even have space for the additional table and chair that was pictured. Plus, we couldn't fully open the cabinet door to get to the fridge because it hit the foot of the bed.
Second, one elevator was broken for  1/2 our trip, and the working elevator had a 5 person maximum, so there were substantial delays getting to and from our room.
Next, It took 4 calls and 1.5 hours to get ice delivered. There are no ice machines (which would solve this issue). After the 4th call to the front desk an employee finally came with an attitude, delivered one bag instead of the 2 requested, and told us they didn't deliver ice to the pool. (Which didn't make sense because they had a station set up to order food and drinks to the pool.) Upon speaking to the manager he confirmed this was not the case. He was very pleasant as he heard us out and provided complimentary buffet vouchers which didn't expire until we left.
Saturday we attempted to use our buffet vouchers.  However, due to conflicting information provided in the book in our room compounded with our conversation with the front desk employees who provided additional misinformation, we missed the Saturday brunch. Needless to say we were frustrated, unable to use our vouchers and forced to eat elsewhere. 
Sunday morning we tried to use the rooftop pool and the door was deadbolted. After 1 call and 1 front desk visit, it still took 30 minutes for maintenance to come unlock the door. This cut our pool experience short because we wanted to be on time for the buffet (based on our previous mishap).
We arrived at the time we were told the buffet began only to be told it didn't begin for another hour so we went back to our room to kill time. An hour later we tried again to use our buffet vouchers.  Lisa informed us that our vouchers were not applicable to Sunday's buffet. Sensing our frustration, she allowed us to partake in the Sunday buffet anyway. When we offered her the vouchers she waived us in and told us "not to worry about it." so we held on to them for the next day. The food was really good. We did have to wait an additional 15 minutes because the omelette bar was not ready.
Sunday night we attempt to call the front desk for more ice and no one answered for over an hour. When we did reach someone, we were told it was going to be a 45 minute wait for ice.
Monday morning we attempted to use the buffet vouchers (remember the ones we were given as a result of our original ice grievance that Lisa didn't take from us after our breakfast grievance). We were met with a hostile Lisa. Her first words to us when we walked up were "Absolutely not!" When we asked what the issue was, she responded with how "disappointed" she was that we tried to use them after she comped the buffet yesterday. We tried to explain how we were dealing with 2 totally different issues (one being the ridiculousness with the ice and the second being the failed attempts at brunch due to misinformation provided from several sources). She abruptly cut us off, put a hand in the air and claimed she "already heard the story". Not sure where she heard our "story" from, I tried to explain that there was more to it than even we had addressed prior. She cut me off again and said "I don't care" and that "the money comped for the buffet was more than we paid for our room rate". We had enough of her extremely rude and dismissive attitude so we asked for a manager. She sent us to look for a manager that was not working that day. We found the previous manager who comped us the vouchers our first night. He took notes and claimed he would address our grievances in a meeting and follow up with us via email. Not sure of the outcome because we have yet to receive any email.Yes, Le Pavillon is going through some renovations.  Yes, they only have two elevators, and you may end up riding with some workers, yes, the water pressure is hit or miss.  BUT, this hotel is well worth your stay.   This historic hotel is grand, fancy yet comfortable, and breathtakingly beautiful.  Every single person working in this hotel is gracious, friendly, kind and helpful, from the valets, to the doormen to the front desk to the housekeeping staff.  And yes, even the construction workers!  Special shout out to the bartender Pamela.  I'm not a huge drinker, but wanted a 'New Orleans cocktail'.  Not only did she set me up with a Sazerac, as she made it, she told us the history of the drink and showed us each step.  And it was amazing.   Hugs all around!  The rooms are new.  The beds are divinely comfortable, as are the pillows, excellent nights sleep every night.  Yes, the water pressure was a bit hit or miss, but not worth complaining about.   The pool area upstairs was the only reason for no 5th star.  It looks like it hasn't been redone yet, there were potted plants in odd spaces.  I'm assuming someone had been redoing them, but there was mud, a broken deck plank and it was pretty messy up there.   The pool itself was very nice and the view was worth it.   It's also a perfect location.  French Quarter is safely walkable, and you are also in the Central Business district, close to wonderful restaurants, shopping and the Aquarium.There are better places for the price in New Orleans. This hotel is just a few blocks from the quarter.  ok location, but difficult driveway for drop/pick up .  It's claim to fame is serving hot chocolate and pbj's every evening to their guest. Unfortunately no one seems to be checking room keys; the line was a mile long and some looked like they had just wandered in off the street. The room was OK, but in desperate need of a face lift (as was the hotel in general).  Our Ac unit condensate dripped all night and the sink didn't drain. When I reported this to staff they just replied "thank you, good to know".  No signs of any real management, as if a bunch of bored kids were running the place.  Also very disappointed when they refused a late check out. 
We have family in the area and travel to New Orleans 2-3 times a year. Doubtful we'll return to this hotel.We booked this hotel through Hotels.com last minute. It is really beautiful and seemed clean. The bed was heavenly. The bathroom had black marble tiles which I loved. The ceilings had lots of hand-painted detailing and the curtains were tasteful. The soaps were really nice. parking was available through the hotel for $40 but we found free street parking. They even extended our checkout time to 2:00 pm because we got in really late that night.
I would've given five stars but they mistakenly billed me twice, once through Hotels.com another through their own billing system. I had to go down to the lobby in the morning to get it taken care of. If you book through hotels.com, you might want to check your credit card statement online if you can.For a nicer hotel in New Orleans I was disappointed that they didn't pay attention to the little things.  The room was small, which I can live with but the furniture was so big and so much of it, it was difficult to move around in the room. The very small bathroom was terrible! The many issues include: poorly designed sink that splashed covering you in water when you used it, cheap hair dryer, corroded toilet seat hinges, gross- poorly repaired caulk and grout in the shower, broken shower head pointing straight down and no hand towel rack.
The ice machine appeared that it hadn't been cleaned in a very long time, making using it very unappealing.
The evening snack was cute, but not something we chose to partake in.
The next time we're in New Orleans, we will not be returning to this hotel.The hotel is an old classic recently renovated. Rooms are somewhat small. Lounge only open in the evenings. Service is very slow, though the staff is friendly. Only 2 elevators which take forever to reach your floor and are slow. Reserved for three nights, checked out after the first night. Did not feel comfortable there.I loved the old feel of this hotel. It was in a good location in the Central Business District, not far from the French Quarter. Here are my pluses and negatives:
plus
+Great location in CBD on Poydras St. 
+Easy parking lot right across the small street. 
+Room had a wonderful old New Orleans feel to it. 
+Semi-nice view of the bridge that goes to Algiers. 
+LOVED the peanut butter and jelly and hot chocolate in the night from 10pm to 11pm. 
+LOVED the hottube and pool on the 10th floor. It was heated. I actually went in both and it was about 35 degrees out and i was comfortable!
+Liked the gym on the 10th floor. Had fruit and a water cooler. 
+Comfortable bed. 
+Nice staff- Front desk supervisor was very nice as well as concierge. 
+Beautiful decor everywhere. Loved the lobby. Loved the big Christmas tree. Such a relaxing lobby with beautiful music. 
negative
-Parking was $28. 
-Boyfriend said that the maids were way too loud in the morning although did not wake him up, he heard them really loud once he was awake.My husband and I spent 2 nights during inauguration week at this hotel. The hotel location is ideal and you can easily get to major attractions such as bourbon street. The hotel bed was incredibly comfortable and the room was spacious enough. On the not so pleasant side was that hot water was an issue and you had to let the water run for over 15 minutes to get a decent enough temperature. My husband took cold showers most of the time. They are doing renovations so perhaps this was the reason for the water issues. But I guess the most disappointing thing for me was on day we checked out. We left our bags with the porter service and when we came to pick them up, we forgot a plastic bag with our New Orleans souvenirs and shopping on the bell mans cart. Realizing this less than an hour later after we got to the airport, we called the hotel to check for the plastic bag and see if they could mail it us. Alas the bag couldn't be found. We sent a follow up email which went unanswered.  We sent a second email and the response we received was that the bag wasn't found and if found we would be notified....amazing how something can get lost that fast. While the hotel was mostly nice, we wouldn't stay there again because of the poor customer service we received on this issueBeautiful, up-scale lobby and restaurant.  Nice rooms with comfortable beds.  Luxury amenities.  Gracious, welcoming staff.  
Having stayed in many nice hotels, I rate Le Pavillon very highly mostly because of the staff.  Of course, the calling card of the hotel is the peanut butter and jelly sandwiches with hot chocolate offered nightly in the lobby.  After the first night of this treat, our internal alarms sounded every night after to make our way to the lobby--along with dozens of others.We got assigned to this hotel through Hotwire and for the most part our experience was pretty good. The hotel itself is beautiful and elaborate with their decor. The staff does give off a vibe like they really don't want to be there so if you expect 4 start service at this 4 star hotel.. Isn't going to happen. Upon arrival we got there early and the rooms weren't ready so they held our bags until we were able to check in. When we did get a room and they brought up the bags they were someone else's bags.. Luckily we are honest people and told the bellman these were the wrong bags and he was able to locate ours. The room we got was updated, very nice and the bed was so comfortable. We didn't have any issues while staying there, luckily we didn't bring a car so we didn't have to pay the daily rate for parking which seemed a little excessive. The day of check out I did receive a bill for charges that were not mine which was a little alarming but the front desk corrected it. We ate breakfast at the hotel the last day we were there since they have us coupons upon check in. The "buffet" consists of oatmeal, pastries, cereal and fruit.. If you want to add the omelette station is an additional $4 bringing the total to $18 per person for the buffet. Not worth it in my opinion, we ended up just ordering off the menu which was cheaper. Overall our stay was good but we will probably try another hotel the next time we visit.This hotel is by the best place I've ever stayed at!! My boyfriend and I stayed here this last August and had arrived earlier than expected so the doorman, Cedric (amazing man btw), took us across the street to a nice little cafe for breakfast then once we were finished eating they had a room ready on the top floor (hours before our scheduled check in time I may add)! The staff was amazing and made sure we were comfortable at all times! Rooms were clean and all accommodations were met! The nightly pb&j sandwiches are also something to look forward to after a long night in the French Quarter (which is only a few minutes walk from the front door). They also have valet parking that is constantly being watched, which is the right way to go when it comes to wanting a safe place to park your car at night. I highly recommend this hotel if you plan on visiting New Orleans, it's a bit high in price but 100% worth every penny!!! Thank you so much for the hospitality we can't wait to return!!! 
-Raelynn & KaiMy travel agent booked this hotel for us when I came down here for a marathon trip. It was lovely! I will be coming back and staying here. The hospitality was as Southern as they come, every one there was super polite and helpful. They serve peanut butter and jelly sandwiches to the guests at night, with hot cocoa and/or milk. How adorable is that? The breakfast buffet in the morning is great, and the chef Mrs. Patty Cakes (yes that's what her name tag says) is there every morning serving up hot & fresh omelets. They also do a jazz champagne Sunday brunch every Sunday. This is a great location and a short cab ride away from all of the attractions.When we first checked in I must say I was a little disappointed.  Everything is OLD.  Old decor and there are imperfections everywhere you look.  On top of that the halls have an old musty smell that smells like...well...old.  
By the time we left though I liked it a whole lot more.  We just had fun there!  The staff is really nice.  The pool area, though small, was always full of fun, interesting and hilarious people.  We shared tequila shots, heard funny stories and got great advice from the other guests.  This is an old NOLA hotel but not at all stuffy.
On Sunday morning we couldnt get a reservation for brunch and were feeling a little worn out so we didnt get out of our room until about 12.  We step off the elevator and there is this sumptuous feast laid out in the dining room.  Theres a piano player just singing his heart out but he's not exactly Frank Sinatra so one of the servers starts doing the singing in her hair net.  Thats the kind of place La Pavillion is.  BTW..she was really good too,
And that old look and smell...thats part of the charm of NOLA.We got an insanely amazing deal on Hotwire. Airfare from San Francisco + 2 nights here for only $335! We checked the website and knew it was a little fancy schmancy but when we got there we were absolutely floored. I've stayed at trendy upscale hotels before but never an old school classy European one and I LOVED LOVED LOVED it. 
The lobby was gorgeous and the staff was very friendly and accommodating. The room was a nice size but the bathroom could've used a little work. I almost yanked the faucet out by accident. 
Of course there's the PB+J at 10pm. I thought it would just be pre-made sandwiches on a tray but it was a lot more elaborate with different kinds of jams and peanut butters. Very impressive! 
Also they had a good selection of newspapers delivered to you in the morning. Not just USA Today but they also had WSJ and NYT. =)
I liked the location a lot. It was away from the French Quarter but not too far away. The only pain is when you're stumbling back drunk and it seems like it's forever away.Historical place in NOLA. A great place to be with family. The place was just too pretty and well decorated. Loved it so much didnt want to leave it at all.
We arrived there late and after a few hours the traditional late night P B n J was waiting for us in the lobby. It was so nice to reach the hotel late and then a late night snack was waiting for us. The best part was to stay in the lobby, munching those snacks and then chatting with the people there. 
Heard the buffet breakfast was just as good, but did'nt get to try it. Next time i will make sure to try the famous breakfast. 
This is one of the leading hotels in the world and i am so happy i was there.Am a fan of this hotel. We found a last-minute rate that could not be beat and I thought it too good to be true. But when we arrived, the hotel staff was courteous, the hotel was beautiful and the PB&J sandwiches and chocolate milk can't be beat. I wanna go back to Nola just for the PB&J at Le Pavillon. 
We had a room with a king size bed. One complaint was that they might consider some comforters for the bed rooms that haven't been updated. Still a nice spread though.3.50 stars Love the old school feel!
The peanut and butter jelly sandwiches from 10-11pm...sooo cool! With milk! Nice touch. Very old with lots of history and door man with black top hat and tux. Everyone was friendly. The pool was cute but small and the hot tub cute but wayyy small. The pool view was GREAT. The room was just super tiny and I get the hotel has an old school feel but the bedding could be updated and nicer and keep the charm. 
Maybe I should done a ghost tour of the hotel...I will be visiting NOLA again, and I would stay here again in a heartbeat. This is a gorgeous, old school, classic hotel in a wonderfully convenient location. 
A short walk from the hotel you can be in the business district, ambitious walkers like me can hoof it to the convention center. The streetcar line runs a few blocks away, and it's a short jaunt to the French Quarter. 
The hotel was truly beautiful and "swanky" indoors - the lobby, bar, even the corridors and elevators. As with older hotels the rooms are smallish, but beautifully appointed and very, very comfortable and clean. I never ate at the restaurant - but did enjoy my hot chocolate and sandwiches from the lobby at bedtime. 
The rooftop deck and pool were great - though we did see a terrifying palmetto in the hallway up there. It seems he lives there and makes appearances in several reviews, haha. It's the south, it's bound to happen. Get over it. 
The staff though - they make this place a true delight. From the friendly doorman who learns your name, to the concierge who was quick to hand me an umbrella during a torrential downpour. The bar tenders were easygoing and friendly, even running into the maids was pleasant. Every person had a kind word - our whole stay - from the lowliest cleaner to the front desk. They are all there to make you feel welcome and like it is their privilege you are staying there. 
I am looking forward to my return visit!This is a very charming historic hotel with very friendly staff. My wife and I stayed here for five days and enjoyed every minute of it. At nights, the hotel upkeeps it's tradition by setting up a complimentary peanut butter and jelly bar with hot cocoa. The rooftop features a jacuzzi and heated pool with covered cabanas. The restaurant features live music and the bar is very generous with drinks. Whether your looking to party at Bourbon Street, walk the French Quarter or Gamble at the casino, the hotel is always six blocks away.Stayed here on a business trip 12/14/14 - 12/19/14. Pros: The hotel staff was very friendly. Valet always had my car within in 5 minutes. The PBJ and hot chocolate are actually a nice touch I went down twice during my stay. Received a late checkout on my last day to wait for my flight. Great location, I walked all over the "business district" and the "french quarter" from here. Room was quiet, and bed was comfortable.
CONS: A little dated, some wall paper peeling in the bathroom, wore carpets, stuff like that... if that matters to you choose elsewhere. The shower has plenty of hot water, but there is very little pressure (at least in my room). I dined at the Crystal Room for the $20 lunch buffet. All the hot food was room temperature or cooler. The only hot item was the seafood bisque, and that was all bisque and no seafood.
I recommend stay here but eat elsewhere. I had a great meal at the Olde N'awlins Cookery on Bourbon Street.Spent a week in a great suite here....miss the room and the nightly pb&j!! Waiting for my next visitMy wife loved it.  During a confirmation call I mentioned it was our 13th anniversary.   We arrived to find a very nice surprise waiting for us.   Anything that makes my wife that happy deserves 5 stars, good job.During our vacation in New Orleans we wanted a hotel close to everything without being in the center of all the noise. That place is hotel Le Pavillon. This hotel is beautiful! The lobby is absolutely gorgeous. The rooms are spacious. The staff are all friendly and helpful.  The rooftop pool is Fabulous and has a great view of the city. I enjoyed sitting by the pool after a long day of sightseeing. I loved the free peanut butter and jelly night buffet Normally I never eat at hotel, but this place food is delicious. I prefer their breakfast over Roby Slipper. Chef Michael makes the BEST bread pudding! Even if you think you hate bread pudding try his. I'm not a bread pudding person, but his converted me into one.  
We are coming to New Orleans again next year and I can't imagine staying anywhere else, but Le PavillonThe good: the hotel lobby is beautiful and well cared for. The doormen were great. The beds very comfy. 
The bad: light burned out in our room. The curtains were not hung properly (off their rail), the bathtub didn't hold bath water, the toilet did not flush properly. One wall was nicked badly and the paint was knocked off--very noticeable because decor is dark. 
I reported this to the front desk. Not addressed. 
What this tells me is that the hotel has poor attention to detail. And for the price we paid, I expected more. Easily fixable items, but no sense of urgency to do so. Too bad. It's a grand old hotel.Love visiting New Orleans we usually stay at the Marriott on canal street but decided to give Le Pavillion a try. It was a absolutely beautiful inside and the rooms were nice and clean guest check in went smoothly and everyone was very friendly and helpful. Valet parking available I believe it was 35-38 a day not 100% sure but in that price range. Would recommend to anyone visiting New OrleansOk I will start with the good..this hotel is gorgeous.  The most comfortable beds anywhere.  Awesome shower head. Two important things in my book.  Now negative.  Bar is depressing.  It's in back of hotel . The bartenders dont seem to hand it together.  Waiting ten mins for a drink with 2 people in bar not cool.  Not knowing his to make a drink.  Girl asked for dirty martini and he asked what flavor vodka?  When housekeeping came they forgot toilet paper and towels.  Our phone in room didnt work so there was no way to call front desk for towels and toilet paper.  This hotel is stunning but needs some tightening up on customer service.This review is much overdue. Before I say anything else just let me say that I love love love Ms Paula, who manages the front desk! If for no other reason, you must stay here because her level of service is unmet. She's the best. 
My husband and I stayed here for our destination wedding and couldn't have asked for a better hotel. Beautiful, welcoming, comfortable and affordable. From the moment we arrived, the doorman greeted us graciously. We arrived super early and MS. Paula allowed us to check in early to the absolute best suite ever! Anything that we needed during our stay, was provided hastily and the check out process was just as smooth. My husband works in the hotel industry so we are pretty critical but even he couldn't stop complimenting the hotel and staff. I will forever remember our stay and can't wait to come back.This place is amazing! This is one of the most beautiful hotel's I've ever stayed in. Great customer service as well, very personal. The beds were so comfy and big. I could stay there for a long time for sure no problem. They have peanut and jelly sandwiches every night at 10pm in the lobby. It was such a cute thing, we went down there and had a late night snack. I highly recommend this hotel!Let's just say that short of staying the French Quarter (Not recommended unless you are under 40 and want to get NO sleep!), Le Pavillion is THE place to stay while in New Orleans if you want that "N'awlins" feel!  Le Pavillion has the old school charm and feel, from the top-hatted doorman to the ornate decorations and paintings that inhabit the lobby and all the hallways of the hotel.  It may be a little dated but the rooms hold up pretty well with king/queen beds and full marble bathrooms. Rooms were quiet and well sound-proofed as we didn't hear a peep from anyone coming in late at night.  Beds were really comfy!
One of the cool traditions they have is serving PB&J sandwiches with cold milk or hot chocolate (not the mix kind, real hot chocolate with homemade whipped cream!) at 10 each night for all guests.  Was cool to see families hanging out in the lobby with half-inebriated young adults either getting a pre-bedtime snack or fueling up for a long night of partying!!  
There are cheaper hotels and nicer ones but if you want to experience old charm New Orleans, make sure you stay here!I really loved this place, the room service is great, the people there are very nice. And their broccoli is amazing! But so far my favorite part of the hotel was the hot cocoa and the peanut butter jelly sandwiches at 10:00pm  in the lobby. It's free and delicious!Stopped in for the lunch buffet.  Classic grand hotel, great architecture.   Formal but friendly waiters.    Buffet was well done, lots of options.  I stuck with gumbo, salad bar and bread pudding with rum sauce.   Yes, dessert at lunch!  The waiter talked me into it.Arrived at 10 am on the day of check-in after disembarking from a cruise--initially intended to store luggage until check-in at 3 pm, but the front desk offered to let us check in right away--without my even asking! That's the earliest I've ever checked into any hotel, period!!!
pb&j with milk and hot chocolate daily at 10 pm is cute.
free soap provided to guests has a ROPE attached! so damn cool!
booking through hotel with AAA rate was cheaper than hotwire.I just made a yelp account so I could do this review. 6 months ago I booked a room at this hotel. A month before I was supposed to stay here I broke my ankle. They let me move my reservation a month ahead free of charge! Even on a weekend! Also not to mention THIS PLACE IS BREATHTAKING! The staff was super nice and helpful. The hotel is gorgeous inside and out. They must have done some remodeling recently? The room I booked was the standard king room. Nothing fancy. When I walked through the door to my room I was taken back. It was stunning! Very updated and modern. The rooftop terrace and pool is beautiful. My fianc and I sat up there eating our complimentary PB&Js enjoying the view. As for  the rumor of this place being haunted, I unfortunately did experience anything (I was kinda looking forward to that) ha! I will DEFINITELY recommend this hotel to everyone. I hope to be back soon!Love this hotel! The rooms are simple but elegant, and the lobby and rooftop lounge/pool area are gorgeous. The Wi-Fi is also ridiculously fast.
But by far, the best part was the PB&J buffet. You might think that PB&J is a silly reason to stay at a hotel, but let me tell you, after a day walking in the hot sun of NOLA, PB&J with a glass of milk hits the spot!
My only warning would be that this hotel is about a 15 minute walk from the French Quarter. It's not a bad walk, but if you'd rather stay closer to the touristy areas, keep that in mind.I was having a great visit here until I was told that there are no microwaves available to be brought up to our rooms and no one can warm anything for us downstairs in the kitchen or dining area. I've stayed in many hotels in my life and this is an absolute first. That means if we want any chance of eating warm food we have to order it fresh from room service or go out for every single meal. I still have a hard time believing this is accurate for such a high rated, expensive hotel. Also, the valet is understaffed so it really functions like self parking (for $39/day). The rooms are spacious and nice, but our toilet was not clean upon check in. This was quickly remedied when we mentioned it, though. The hotel is full of unique antique pieces and artwork that are breathtaking. The rooftop pool is amazing. The location is also really convenient. Finally, our food from room service was pretty good. I had tiny, but flavorful crab cakes and a green salad. Overall, it has been a mixed experience. The negatives could easily be remedied.
Edit: I am regretfully lowering this review from a 4 star to a 3. My experience has taken a turn to terrible. This is my 2nd morning of a week long stay. Emergency Alarms sounded last night at midnight instructing all guests to report to the lobby for instructions. The announcement stated to avoid the elevators. So the entire building climbs down many flights of stairs only to arrive in the lobby to an evasive and confused front desk staff. They literally hid from confused guests while talking on cellphones. I can only imagine they were trying to get information on how to respond to the alarms. After a while, people just started to disperse and go back to their rooms. No announcement. No apology. No explanation. Nothing was provided by staff. Then this morning, we had a 40 min wait to get our car out of valet. They had ONE driver parking and retrieving vehicles from an overly full lot and our car was blocked in by 3 other cars. I'm here on business and arrived to my training late and exhausted from the last 6 hours of activity at Le Pavillon.
Final edit and special mention: Wesley, one of the night shift desk clerks, offered particularly poor customer service. He was on duty most nights of our stay and was simply unresponsive to any request made. Even a request as simple as additional shower gel and a roll of tissue did not get addressed until Adam, a bell hop, answered the phone and got it to us.The hotel pictures look beautiful but the property is deceiving. Not well kept. The hotel staff lacked professionalism. We needed a band aid, which their first aid kit did not have. The receptionist blamed it on the manager. How hard is it to go and buy a band aid to fill a first aid kit. There are federal regulations mandating what hotels need to keep in first aid kits and they violated it.
The house keeping staff was disappointing as well. They did not clean the bathroom for 2 days, just hung towels. The bed sheets were not changed as well.
The hotel pool was more there more for aesthetic reasons. The pool was very small and very dirty. 
Over all, I would give Day's Inn a higher ranking than the Le Pavillion because at least they follow standards. I would never recommend anyone to go back here.This place sucks. We got a Hotwire deal on this place and I know you don't always get the best rooms but this place is so bad. Got in on Friday and the water was off in the hotel from 10-4. Thankfully I didn't need to shower before we headed out... Went up to the 9th floor to our room and it's like a construction/war zone. They were doing some
construction right across the hall and it was a mess. Got into our room and there was pee in the toilet and all over the floor. Because the water was off we couldn't flush it... Tried to turn the TV on and nope that doesn't work either. We immediately headed out and went on our way. The next morning we head out and come back to make a pit stop in our room and there's a can of opened Copenhagen sitting on the desk... Not my husbands. So that was super sketchy. The whole place is a dump. We got what we thought was a great deal on the place and it's disgusting.Stay was great. Everything was clean & nice. PBJ bar was a pleasant surprise. Only 3 stars for the lack of service:  Don't leave anything in your room. I left a thermos in my room when I stayed 5 weeks ago & have called every week since leaving messages for the evasive Lost & Found attendees. No reply whatsoever.
Update: You'll see below Peter from the hotel has left a comment. I emailed him directly on 12/18. It's 12/22...No reply.Stayed here over July 4th weekend and was extremely happy we did. The hotel is right in the business district and a 5 minute walk from the French Quarter. The lobby, dining room and lounge were all ridiculously beautiful, the staff was super helpful and friendly and the deluxe room we had was very comfortable (especially the bed). The only (very minor) complaint might be the bathroom sink which did not drain properly and the lack of decent water pressure in the shower. Though there also is free PB&J at 10 PM each night, we were so stuffed from all the food we had that we never bothered to check this out. The rooftop pool was also a nice touch especially as a break from the sweltering heat. Finally, the dining room was nice for breakfast though a bit pricey (as you can order a la carte, don't bother with the buffet especially on Sundays which is priced at $40 a person). Overall, this hotel was key after a full day touring and a full night's drinking. I would definitely stay here again.I've wanted to stay here for awhile and was just waiting for a trip to New Orleans to do so. when I saw this on groupon I thought I wish I was going to New Orleans to stay here...... the next day my mom called and wanted me to come visit so it must have been fate! I booked us a 3 night stay here before we'd out into the burbs where she lives..... I loved this hotel from our room to the pb&j sandwiches at night. to that yummy hot chocolate to the whole entire staff at the hotel. 
now rooms aren't brand new so if you want that you shouldn't go here.... I love older hotels just as much as I like brand new ones so I was happy. I also loved the area. I'm hoping next year they have the same groupon so I can book it and come back :) how can anyone resist groupon? if you see this place on groupon book it!!! and please do it again next year so I can come back :)We heard all of the ghost stories from the ( slightly inept , but sweet) bartender. 
Drinks were okay, nothing remarkable. Bartender was untrained. The late night peanut butter and jelly / milk bar is adorable . Everything was gorgeous, but no music. Service overall was -a struggle.Receptionist tells me my room is gone. Nm it is a multi day prepaid stay. When I ask what happened he tells me this is common practice - happens to at least a few guests every night. No thanks to this place.If I could give a negative 5-star review, I would. We booked multiple hotel rooms, received confirmation emails that they were booked and guaranteed two months prior to our stay, and when we got here, they told us we didn't have rooms for 3/4 of our stay. Instead, they accidentally made a duplicate reservation for the first night of the trip, giving us two rooms on one night rather than a multi-night stay. 
Normally when a hotel is oversold and makes a mistake, they immediately acknowledge the issue and put you in a nearby location. Instead, this hotel not only told us there was absolutely nothing they could do, "go find another's hotel," they ALSO charged us a cancellation fee for the duplicate hotel reservation night we NEVER MADE.
I will never stay here again, and will go on every message board this hotel is listed on to share how terrible the customer service has been. 
Do not stay here if you're from out of town and want one simple thing - a guaranteed place to stay during your vacation.Parking is $35! They didn't change the bed sheets after the previous person.  We were given double beds even though we booked a single King. No fridge or microwave. Overhead fan made grinding noises. The shower head and valve were not clean. Room service mandates an 18% gratuity fee + a $3 service fee. I was not impressed. For the price of parking and hotel, this place should be a last resort.Very few amenities. Thin walls. Old fashioned.
Good price for the area.
The service in the hotel is laughable. But hey. At least the place is relatively inexpensive.Absolutely the best experience we could've asked for.  My girlfriend and I just finished a four night stay here during our first trip to New Orleans.  The location is great as it is a short walk to the French Quarter, but you avoid all the noise of Bourbon St. when you want to sleep.  The hotel itself is beautiful and the lobby and hallways are ornately decorated.  The decor really captures the feeling of a historic elegant hotel.  Considering we got a great price on it, I was expecting something more along the lines of a Best Western but I couldn't have been more wrong - we were blown away by the elegance of the hotel and it looked like we should've been paying twice the price.
The service is really what sets this place apart though.  Everyone at the hotel will go above and beyond to make sure you have a wonderful stay.  Special thanks to David at the front desk who let us use the desk computer to print the Saints tickets we bought online at the last minute when the business center was full.  A lot of other hotels would've just told us to wait for the public ones, but he didn't hesitate in setting me up with the website I needed.  There is also a French guy behind the desk who was very friendly and took some pictures for us before we went out for Halloween.  Really all the staff there were very friendly and the doormen and maids were always smiling and offering warm greetings when we saw them in passing.  
The PB&J sandwiches at night were a cool addition too and made the entire hotel experience feel very personal and welcoming!The building is pretty. Beautiful antique furniture and light fixtures. Now on to the reality of the hotel. For the money you shell out you'd expect a free breakfast.....nope. Don't expect everything in your room to work. It wasn't just me other guests had similar problems. In my room the fan didn't work and had wires hanging out. The phone didn't work. The doorknob to the closet came off in my hand. I'll never stay there again. I was so excited to stay there having heard all the wonderful things about the hotel. I was greatly disappointed. Stay somewhere else.Stayed here for our 30th Wedding Anniversary. Shortly after check in a card and a bottle of champagne was delivered to our room compliments of the Hotel. Very nice but went downhill fast. There really is no evening room service just frozen pizza even though they say they have room service. The room is old and dated and very very dusty, carpet old and stained.
The A/C vent dripped all the time even to the point it splattered on me during the night, Had to put towels on floor and the drip sound all night was very annoying, shower had no water pressure and no towels, had to ask for some, no daily maid service you have to make them clean your room and leave clean towels.
The keys cards never worked and we had to keep going back downstairs to get them to open our doors. The last night the the front door man let us in and said he would return with more keys but he never did. We had no room keys to our room.  I called for coffee one morning and was told I was not a guest at the hotel. Had to actually argue with the rude person.
But the best came at the end when the maid we never saw walked into our room without knocking, never apologized. Apparently everyone but us had keys to our room.I work in a hotel, y'all, so when I go into a guest room, I've been trained to look at EVERYTHING with an explicitly observant eye. When I tell you that we walked into this room and everything was in it's proper place, spotlessly clean with its Le Pavilion monogram proudly displayed, I'm not lying. This hotel was gorgeous in every sense of the word - old school decor that doesn't look dingy or gaudy, it looks classy and luxurious. The bathroom was marble and gorgeous with upscale amenities organized on a nifty caddy above the toilet so as not to take up extra space. They also offer very fancy drawn bath services, for those who can afford the finer things and by extension make me green with envy of their $50 baths BUT I DIGRESS. The room itself was comfortable, and surprisingly spacious for just a standard double. There was a nice table and chairs in the corner by the window and a frig/microwave apart from the mini bar. We had plenty of space to move around and get ready between the beds and a desk with chair right by the door. The staff was also impressive especially the evening concierge, who gave us a tremendous suggestion for dinner (see review for Bon Ton Cafe) and the Front Desk Supervisor, Paula Carter, who treated us like part of the family.
I truly felt like a queen staying here and then, the clock struck 10:00pm and there were Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwiches. With COLD milk. FOR FREE. Can we say heaven?
If you are looking for a little luxury in your life with a side of PB&J and Downtown NOLA nightlife, Le Pavilion is your place.We stayed here two weeks ago for four nights.  We like this place. It was like staying in a big elegant classic mansion.  The front desk was very friendly. It's only four blocks away from bourbon street. 
I found this place on tripadvisor and got an incredible deal right after cyber Monday about $160 per night. It's usually over $200 easy
Our room was a double queen on the eighth floor.  We wish the shower was a little stronger but it did the trick and we loved the heater from the bathroom ceiling.  A nice touch since it was still cool in New Orleans in late Jan.  
We experienced the peanut butter and jam social at 10pm one night.  My favorite was the hot chocolate. Delicious. 
The rooftop pool was nice. Too bad it was too cold to swim.  The hot tub was under maintenance unfortunately. 
All in all a wonderful stay.  We will definitely stay here again.I love beautiful, historic grandiose hotels with ambiance and that is exactly what you get with La Pavilion.  When you enter the magnificent lobby at Le Pavilion it feels like stepping back in time and finding yourself transported back to a more elegant and refined era. 
From our arrival to departure our expectations were met in every way. The staff is a credit to this unique hotel. From the moment we arrived the staff was friendly, efficient, professional and very approachable.  Kudos to Aaron who was quick to unload our luggage the second we arrived and whisk it straight away to our room and then gave me a quick lay out of the room and amenities.
As this is an older historic property- the guest rooms and bathrooms seem to be the original layout - but with modern upgrades and are beautifully decorated in period design.  The bed and linens were exquisite and extremely comfortable.  It's the little things that count- The air-conditioning was superb!  (I like it cold) and the Wi-Fi was also quick to connect!  Our guestroom had a 10 plus foot coffered ceiling with a hand painted design and the guest rooms have an actual doorbell which was unexpected and whimsical. Our room was on the seventh floor and was very quiet and peaceful- even with the hotel being booked for a wedding and a wedding party that weekend.  
While there is no in room coffee service (This is a lux hotel- if you want a microwave and a bathroom coffee pot this isn't the place for you) there is coffee service in the wee morning hours (5 AM) set out in the lobby. 
In addition they have a lovely tradition of serving a peanut  butter and jelly sandwich buffet  with hot chocolate every evening at 10 PM.  
 Breakfast in the Crystal Room was a delightful experience. The setting is beautiful, and the wait staff was exceptional.  Mr. Frank and Mr. Dallas were efficient and friendly who provided outstanding service.  The concierge (his name escapes me) that was on duty in the evening was extremely helpful, knowledgeable and charming. I would recommend La Pavilion without reservation and plan on making a return visit very soon.By far this is absolutely the worst hotel experience I have ever had. I travel frequently for business and would rather sleep in a box on the street then stay here again. The shower fills up the bath tub and 4 days in a row I complain and nothing happens, try to sleep and all you hear his someone hammering cause they are doing construction. The elevator takes 20 minutes and they really just do not care. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!I have never in my life written a bad review but I think it is important for anyone traveling to this hotel and expecting to receive the type of service and accommodations that they once provided, not to be disappointed as I was this weekend.  This hotel is under new ownership and it is not the same as it once was.  The hotel staff is apparently disgruntled as they were unwilling to even so much as clean our room.  The shower was broken and there was only one elevator in use that was dominated by the renovation staff.  I planned a girls trip and bragged about this hotel and was completely embarrassed by the accommodations and the service that we received.Great choice for stay in NOLA. Close to the French Quarters( easy walk) .
Fresh coffee daily and PJ and jelly sandwiches offered 10:00 pm with hot cocoa and marshmallows. 
Hotel was clean, room was very comfortable and one staff member ,Mark made our trip pleasant. He offered many dining options,  travel tips and great directions.    Ask for Mark when checking in! 
Overall,  we loved staying here!I had really high hopes for this hotel based on yelp reviews and friends recommendations.  It was a complete disappointment.  The rooms were dirty.  We switched rooms at first thinking it was a one -off. It was not.  The sheets had stains,  the bathrooms had moldy grout,  the bathroom's glass sliding door on the tub didn't close. I would expect that from a motel maybe, not from a 4+ star hotel. The much vaunted pb&j happy hour was just sad. It was basically Skippy on wonderbread with chocolate milk.  
My husband and I will definitely be back to New Orleans but will be staying elsewhere.My friends & I stayed here during Memorial Wknd  5/25-5/28/12. we booked our trip a few months in advance & got a great deal on this hotel.
The Hotel is beautiful very elegant , u can see this the minute u walk into the huge lobby area down at the end u can find a private room where they hold different events we had two weddings during our stay. 
In the same room , they serve breakfast & dinner if u choose to go. they also have a nice bar u can sit & enjoy some drinks before heading out. 
The hotel offers PB & J sandwiches in the lobby complimentary every night...so weird but a great snack before heading out or coming back to your room. they also have some fruits & milk.
The room was nice & clean , we got maid service every day ...they did a good job at replacing the wonderful toiletries they smell sooo good u know its hard not to take some home. 
The pool is located in the roof , nice area not very big but its just right to sit relax & enjoy the day. they also have a small gym right before going out to the pool deck if u choose to make use of it not very big a few pieces of equipment but enough to give u a quick work out. 
The hotel is in a great location you can get any where in the city by walking from the hotel every thing is about a 15-20 minute walk.
One very good thing about this hotel is  they offer FREE wifi ...yes, people I said  FREE... This is awesome !!  So many places now a days charge for wifi which for the life of me  I just can't understand why ? if u r paying for the hotel the least they can do is offer the wifi for free. 
All in all we enjoyed our stay , really nice hotel good service , decor & friendly staff . 
I would not mind returning to this hotel when visiting New Orleans again.Ok... let me start out by saying that this hotel is beautiful. I was positively blown away when I walked in... the chandeliers, the 25' ceilings (taller? maybe!) - it's like a dream just oozing southern charm. The staff is incredibly friendly and the concierge is much, much more than accommodating - I would even go so far as to say they are doting. The rooftop pool is epic. It is cool on a (very) hot day and was much needed to get my body temperature down to something near to what my pale, Pacific Northwest self is used to. When I arrived late on Wednesday night (midnight... yikes!) I was greeted with a bottle of water and a midnight snack - PBJ & an orange. How sweet is that!? The hotel is 4-5 blocks from the French Quarter - away from the major noise, but close enough to walk. 
I booked a stay at Le Pavilion for myself, my sister, and 10 of her closest girlfriends - I informed them that this was a bachelorette party. I worked with one of the people in the reservation department for nearly 3 months before our stay. She was amazing. She made sure that we had the correct number of rooms, asked for each name so that everyone could be placed appropriately, and even took down our varying arrival times so that we could all check in without a hitch. She even helped me find a grocery store nearby (Rouses, in case you wondered... it's phenomenal).
Unfortunately, things did not go down quite so flawlessly.
I was not the first to arrive, and when the first bach-goer got there, the front desk did not have her name, they did not have any record of her on any of our 4 rooms, and they did not have a room ready for her. I got a text on my layover & had to phone the hotel to work this out... which, admittedly, was taken care of pretty quickly.
After this incident, I provided the names and room assignments to the hotel once more.
This same thing happened to every. single. woman. who checked in. Ten ladies arrived, knowing that their rooms would be ready and that their names were with the hotel. I received 10 phone calls - one from each - wondering why their names were not on record, and why they did not have any room ready. Frustrating, to say the least.
Fast forward: We're all checked in. We're ready to *party* NOLA style. 
Night 1, after the ladies had arrived, I planned a champagne welcome for the girls in one of our rooms. I informed the hotel, brought our champagne to the concierge, and they stored it for us until party time. They brought it up at 5:30, complete with a bud vase & 12 champagne glasses... they really thought of everything!
Except this... they put us in rooms that were just down the hall from the brand new owner of the hotel. It was sold 1 week ago & the new owner was staying on the property. And they placed him or her in a room, literally 1 door away from all of ours. 
Of course it was rowdy! 12 women?? 6 bottles of champagne?? C'mon, Le Pavilion... you knew what we were getting into. And this is New Orleans, for goodness sake! 
By 10:30pm we were almost out the door heading to Frenchman Street when there was a knock...
The new owner said that we were "running around and screaming in the halls".
Now, that is just not true... we were *definitely* loud. And we were *definitely* playing music. But we were not running, nor screaming. And not in the halls. And it was not even 11pm! This made us all feel incredibly unwelcome.
Remember that I said the staff is amazing... the concierge, Mr. Robert, was so apologetic... he even hugged me and said that he hoped we were having an amazing time. (I'm pretty sure that I got a bunch of glitter all over his jacket.) He just wanted to inform us of the complaint.
After that, the stay was pretty excellent. Our rooms were cleaned beautifully every day and whatever air freshener / linen spray they used smelled soooooo good. (I actually stopped a staff member to ask what it was! She didn't know.)
We arranged (naturally) for a late checkout - they let us stay until 2pm (unheard of! that's so awesome!!) and confirmed with me at the front desk that each room had the extension.
Of course, as soon as the morning came, the record of that conversation was lost & 2 of the rooms were checked out before anyone even woke up.
Sigh...
So to sum it all up...
I would definitely recommend Le Pavilion - and I would even stay there again.
This weekend in NOLA, Le Pavilion, and the staff at this gorgeous hotel, were all totally and completely amazing. 
But I would warn you against going to this hotel with a large group, as they just don't seem to have the communication between staff members, or the computer power, to handle our kind of party.
Bonne chance & lassiez le bon temps rouler!Very nice traditional hotel.  Very friendly.  Nice guest crowd.  Knowledgable and attentive staff.  The housekeeping manager made a special trip downstairs to get apples for our kids as we were leaving the hotel.  He was a sweet kind man.  PB&J (and bagels and cream cheese) at 10PM was an anticipated treat.  Rooftop pool was nice with panoramic views.  We only stayed one night but were quite satisfied. It's not quite a full 5-star property and experience, but yelp doesn't offer a 4-1/2 star rating choice.  If you expect a full 5 experience, you might be a little disappointed.  Expect 4 and you will be very pleased.  We would happily stay here again.  
BTW--have no fear about cleanliness.  Our room wash fresh and sparkled.  Also, location is in Arts/Warehouse District which has plenty to offer as an alternative to the adjoining French Quarter.I forgot a bag of four pair of shoes in the room. And i have called all day today just to get a hold of the lost and found manager but never heard anything back. Can someone please give a direct email or phone number of the hotel manager? I need them to be able to locate my belongings.Yes, I'd stay here again. Yes, the roof top pool is pretty ligit. And Yes, the pb&j bar really does exist. 
Now for the deets.
Staff: Being from Cali, the southern hospitality usually doesn't travel that far. It's nice to know the staff here holds a very high standard for hospitality. Being 25 and called ma'am so many times sure does make you wanna go pretty woman on people and buy a fancy dress and have them ring a car...overall nice people. My fav was Roosevelt the BARTENDER. Best Bloody Mary EVER.
Atmosphere: LOVE every inch of decor. Chandeliers bigger then some
Peoples first apartment in New York. Mirrored everything. Big fancy rugs. Yeah, the silk flowers where ehhh but who cares when you walk in feeling like your in a royal palace!
Rooms: decent size. View was ehhh
Breakfast: a little pricey, considering you can walk to ruby slippers and have the yummiest shrimp and grits for way cheaper then the buffets price. Best "buffet" I've ever been too though, I think id have to work up to being able to eat all they serve. It's a hell of a lot more then I usually eat!
Location: close enough to walk to the casino. Close enough to French quarter.. (But honestly, it's so damn hot take a cab!)
All in all. It's a 5star.We just landed from warm Orlando FL. Now driving the cold streets of New Orleans. Here comes this beautiful infrastructure. So we decided to check it out considering we needed a place to lay our head to rest.Well we got more then what we bargained for. It was so elegant and genuine.From the staff to the decor. Roof top Jacuzzi and pool.Free late night snack( Pb&j sandwiches)
Even thu our first room didnt have hot water.The manger himself took us to the next room and made sure we where satisfied.Comped our breakfast.It was there way to go up and above. Needless to say their breakfast was good.Great way to start our next day.I stayed here for a week around christmas time. Don't get me wrong the place is very nice but nothing to go crazy over. 
They claim to have PB&J every night. HA! They have PB&J and Hot Chocolate for about an hour every night at a very inconvenient time, and you if you aren't there right as it goes out you miss it. You also have to make everything yourself which can get messy. 
The room was nice enough but nothing special from what I have experienced. Good location though and nice staff. I would come again.A great stay!  PB&J and milk btwn 10-11pm a great added bonus!   Rooms are NYC small, but  Greenbriar decorated.  Not far away from all the happenings of downtown New Orleans; but far enough away to be outside the crazy zone.  Plus, it's right up the street from Mother's!Talk about CUSH, but worth every penny. Walking distance to the French Quarter, authentic evening tradition of PB&Js and the best hot chocolate, and an amazing rooftop pool with a view to die for. Plus the bed might have been the most comfortable thing my body has ever touched.I am OBSESSED with this hotel!!!! My family and I had the best stay with them!
I always stay in the quarter when I visit NOLA but I took a chance on this hotel since I found a deal and it was at the tail end of our trip.
The best part about our stay was the level of customer service Le Pavillon offers. They care! They really do! The staff was so friendly and eager to help. The bellhop told us all about the hotel on the way to our room. It seemed like each employee really enjoyed their job.
If you've read any of the other reviews on this place you already know about the pb&j and hot cocoa thang. I wont bore you with another paragraph of how awesome it is. Because it is. It's freaking awesome!!!
Stay here. Soak it up. There are not many hotels like this anymore.This has been the worst experience in a hotel that I've had. I could expect such service from a hostel that is $50/night. Even a holiday inn would be better, because it's clean. 
It is an older hotel. Which can be ok. If not for the many things wrong with it...
1) the housekeeping service is horrible. I was in my room for an hour from 2pm-3pm. Before and after i had put "service needed" sign on the door, and if i had not talked to the manager below my room would not be cleaned
2) the bathroom has dusty lights; the glasses are plastic; no mini fridge
3) internet service highly unreliable - not able to log on with usernam/password provided; when operator called, she said that was unheard of; the manager downstairs said to call the company providing internet services... Again, wtf?
In short old hotel, which can be ok, but seriously needs to improve the housestaff, and service. And keep the jacquzi full instead of half empty!This is a lovely old hotel.  Yes, it's dated (think geriatric starlet), but it's more than 100 years old, so there you go.  The decor in my room was sort of "1980's reproduction of Victorian splendour," but in an endearing way.
Given that I got a room there from Hotwire for $83 a night including taxes, etc., I really only saw the positives - beautiful lobby/bar area with French antiques, personalized attention from staff, and complimentary Peanut Butter & Jelly sandwiches at 10 pm every night (with hot chocolate or cold milk)!  I wouldn't pay a lot to stay there, but I truly enjoyed my stay and would recommend it under certain circumstances.We stayed for 8 nights, just for vacation.  The service was outstanding!  Our first room was near water pipes that made noise and kept us up all night, but they changed our room at our request with nary an objection, and they even moved our stuff for us while we were out sightseeing.  The new room was fine.  We loved the hot chocolate and peanut-butter-and-jelly sandwiches in the lobby late at night.  The Sunday Jazz Brunch was very disappointing: the "jazz" was a pianist/singer who was not very good, the food was mediocre to bad and the price was high.  The location was pretty good for access to the French Quarter, the St Charles Street streetcar to the Garden District and the Zoo, and to the riverfront and Convention Center area, but there are other nice hotels even a little closer.  The price, however, on Expedia, was very good.Hotel stay for 3 nights with 11 girls for a Bachelorette party. We had such great treatment! The staff is very accommodating. The suite we stayed in was BEAUTIFUL! Love the style and decor. They even have a P&J serving area every night at 10:00-11:00 for a late snack.Room were nice and updated, while lobby was traditional New Orleans style. The elevator is out dated and dirty, so that isn't they best impression on your way to your room. Was a little concerned about staying here given a number of moderate reviews regarding poor customer service. This was spot on. One night we returned to our room and no one had cleaned it. We went to front desk and it took 4 times before someone came to empty trash/ bring towels. Front desk was not very apologetic and actually told me it was too late for house keeping. I also heard a few other guests complaining that no one every brightness them ice, and they called three times. 
Overall, stay was alright, but I am not sure I would recommend the hotel to other friends when visiting the city.Was very nice and had wonderful staff. Although the plumbing wasn't very good, our toilet would only flush sometimes. The hotel room itself was clean and had nice decor.They cancelled our reservation, and at least half a dozen others, without alerting any of the affected parties. We found out when we tried to check in for our week-long anniversary/spring family trip.
The lobby was full of people wondering where their reservations had gone, proof of reservation in hand. All we received was "Sorry, I do not see your name" from the front desk. Come to find out, they had cancelled many reservations to re-sell them at higher rates due to a storm in NY (so people were stranded in the city longer than expected) and spring break was starting that week. All hotels, AirB&B and homeaways were booked. Thankfully my husband and I were able to double bunk with family but the same cannot be said for the other parties.
It was not an issue of a tech glitch or double booking - it was sheer disgusting management / customer service.
Classic "would rate 0 out of 5 if possible".This was my worst customer experience ever.. my 30+ years traveling and staying in a hotel.
1st I booked a 3day visit on their website and paid  in full 2 weeks prior to my travel rate was $147  per day with fees I paid $501 same day which was debited on my credit card. On my way to the hotel another charge of $581 was made in same card.
I had to question that and it was refunded .at the end of my stay they charged me $82  saying it was tax ... I asked for the GM and he promised to refund it. 2 day later I got a call from Jennifer SUPER RUDE !! Who refused to refund it and throw insults at me. ... I am back in Virginia and can't do anything .I suggest you check and double check your bill they are shady!! They also charged me a $26 processing fee for booking an activity with them after saying it was free .My visit to Le Pavillon Hotel was a breakfast meeting in the Crystal Room.  If you have a chance to eat breakfast in the CBD, I recommend the Crystal Room, whether with friends or for business, this place is impressive.
The room is regal and well laid out.  The servers provide great service:  you have a drink server and a food server.  The menu is reasonable for a downtown hotel and a wonderful buffet is available for $20.  The downside is the parking, which unless you luck out with a meter, will run between $15 - $25...that's another meal!
The buffet has a typical continental offering of pastries, fruit, cereal and yogurt.  Not what you would expect to run $20, but then, you look at the left hand side of the buffet and see the "hot" section, with bacon, eggs, biscuits, grits, hash browns, french toast, etc and, the best part, an omelet station!  The omelet station has a lovely woman at the helm, sweet talking you as you select from herbs, vegetables or meat.  Wonderful!  However, if the buffet is not your scene, the menu does offer everything that is available on the buffet a la carte, as well as several variations of eggs Benedict and other typical breakfast delights.  Thirsty?  Of course you are...a selection of fresh squeezed juices and hot coffee quickly arrive and their Bloody Marys are awesome!
I have eaten here for lunch and the breakfast buffet is replaced with a salad bar and a couple of hot dishes and the omelet bar transforms into a pasta bar.  So good!  This place is probably isn't well known as a dining option, or may easily be overlooked, but whether your partake in the buffet or order off the menu the food and service will meet, if not exceed your expectations.Abysmal customer service.  Ignorant staff being supervised by apathetic managers.  Stay away and stay elsewhere !!!An absolute pleasure to stay here. The elegance and historic decor was breathtaking. The added bonus was the peanut butter jelly sandwiches, who would've though PB&J would be so fun lol?! Only complaint was that my friend had champagne and caviar waiting for me in my room for when I checked in, but I had champagne and crackers instead LOL.  I'm still not sure what happened there. It would've been perfect if they got that part right. I have nothing negative to say about Le Pavillon. Valet parking was great and moderately priced. Very happy overall.The hotel lobby is beautiful, as is the view from the rooftop view.  We loved the nightly (10-11) PB&J and hot chocolate bar. It's an easy walk to the French Quarter...even in the pouring rain.  The valet parking is $39/night plus $5 tax.  You do have in and out privileges. Check-in and Check-Out were easy, although I was disappointed that we didn't get a haunted room when I had booked very early and specifically requested it.  There weren't enough towels so we had to call for some...and wait...and wait. The ice machine on floor broke and flooded the room. The room we stayed in was comfortable, high ceilings, but was very worn and dated.  The ceiling was peeling in the bathroom and the carpet was stained.  Make sure you go on each floor to check out the artwork, use the stairs from the second floor to the 1st - great old black and white pictures of the hotel - think The Shining.
Things that weren't so great - no towels at the pool, 4 people called for them and they never showed up.  We were there for over an hour. People smoking by the pool - nasty and ruined the experience. Not enough lounges at the pool, it is not a large area and people will hog them even if they are not trying to lay out and get sun.  There are small cafe tables and chairs and 2 cabanas, but again, people hog them. The pool was very warm and the hot tub varies.
The best thing is they are a very short walk to Mother's Restaurant.
We got a great deal on Groupon, so it was worth it.  If we had paid full price, I would have been disappointed.Although most mortals infrequently--if ever--get to partake in the life of royalty, those interested in the experience should definitely stay at Le Pavillon Hotel! Our room was not only a good size with free internet, awesome bedsheets, and automatic black-out curtains but also featured a chandelier the size frequently--exclusively, if you ask me--associated with museums. I am not the type to photo-document hotel rooms but, in the case of staying at Le Pavillon, I simply couldn't help myself and gathered a collection of digital memorabilia of the sleeping quarters and pretty bathroom.
While Le Pavillon is not super-close to the French Quarter--especially if visiting in the steamy summers where going a half-dozen blocks seems sacraficial to bodily well-being and sanity, the location is on the walkable/strollable scale. The nightly peanut butter sandwiches offered in the lobby are a nice touch no matter your age. Even if you arrive late to snack-o'clock and get a pre-made goodie bag, they are absolutely delicious.
Another royalty treat is the (free) turn-down service provided by the hotel staff. At some point in the evening, the magical fairy delivers cookies for your pillow-top, removes decorative pillows, and unfolds the heavy blankets so exhausted guests with their dainty hands and manicured nails can slide in with greater ease. I felt sooo pampered! The ultimate in pleasures, however, must be their menu of bath-time services, where visitors to New Orleans can select from a variety of staff-drawn bubble or herbal bath options along with munchies ranging from fresh fruit to cheese plate to dessert items. Some of these pairings even come with water-side champagne!
Overall, I would definitely come back and highly recommend Le Pavillon for special occasions or just a weekend self-treat.Ok, this is the first time I have ever been compelled to write a review for a business. I am a New Orleans native and I often stay in hotels downtown as a convenient and safe way to enjoy myself. I have never stayed at the Le Pavillon but have always admired the great architecture from the outside. From the beginning it did not start off very well. I just need professionalism and niceness. Check in went smoothly and the young man who checked me in did so professionally. The bellman, brought me up to my room and placed my bags in the room. I unfortunately did not have cash (I usually carry very little cash except for tipping). I had not had a chance to go to the ATM therefore, I only had $2 in cash, so I apologized to him as I gave him the money. I wanted to give him at least $5. I have no clue what the going rate is for the tip of a bellman who only had to take off one carryon size suitcase and a travel bag off a cart and put in the closet but I felt like he was offended that I did not have cash. He immediately left with no thank you, no that's ok I understand, no it's ok, he just left. 
Now, once in the room it only went downhill. I was in a corner room which was fine and I expected it to be quaint because the hotel is an older building. The decor in the room was nice. The plumbing on the other hand needs a serious overhaul. I had to hold the toilet handle down for it to flush the toilet. The room was hot so I decided to decrease the AC temperature. I was leaving right out and planned on having a nice cool room upon my return. However, when I returned to my room with my nieces (who are grown) to have drinks, my room was still warm. I decided I would place the thermostat on high and put the temperature down more. I thought while the room is getting cool I would go to get ice for the drinks and noticed a nice little card on the entertainment center that gave directions to call the front desk for ice. Ok, I attempted to call the front desk for the ice but the phone had no dial tone (sigh). I went down to report these issues to the front desk. I received my ice and a young lady was sent up to fix the AC and phone problems. The AC issue was resolved but not the phone. Fast forward to 
the next morning when my sink stopper was broken and I had to dig into my mouth rinse water to unstop the sink (ugh). As I was leaving, I reported that the phone that was switched doesn't work either. I was then told by the front desk representative Jade (once she looked up from the computer to respond to my good morning) that "it must be an IT issue and that it wasn't going to get fixed. She informed me that she could move me to another room but none were available (sigh). 
Finally, day to checkout. I am awakened at 0750 to slamming doors. I thought maybe it was someone leaving so, I turned over to attempt to fall off to sleep. No, going back to sleep because the doors continued to slam. I looked out my door to see that it was housekeeping going in and out of the rooms next door and across the hall. It was almost as if they were trying to make sure everyone was awake. This was the 1st time I experienced this during the stay of 4 nights. Then at about 0955 housekeeping knocked on my door even though I had a do not disturb sign on my door. Once I answered yes through the door she said "oh I thought you were gone". As I said earlier I have stayed in many hotels in New Orleans but also other cities and countries and most of them have some sort of system to let housekeeping know which guests have checked out. 
Lastly, checkout time. I go to the front desk where Jade is once again doing her work on the computer and looks up a little quicker this time when I say hello. I asked to speak to the manager and I was asked "manager of which department"? So, of course the "general manager" wasn't available and the other manager wasn't at work today.  Jade did ask if I wanted to leave a message with her to relay to them. I declined since she was the person who I reported my sink and telephone issues to and I also told her about the AC issues and she apparently did not relay that information to them. Or maybe she did relay it to them and they just did not reach out to apologize for all the inconveniences and problems that I had already experienced. Sorry, for the essay review but I like to be thorough so that readers have clear view of my experience and unfortunately, 3 sentences would not suffice.The worse experience we have ever had at a hotel. We arrived on a Monday at 3:00. Our room was not ready, we saw no other guests. We woke up Tuesday to have no hot water, it was ice cold. The room was filthy and had mold growing in the commode. Needless to say it was Wednesday before our room was cleaned to freshen linens. The service was terrible! I have never written a bad review BUT do not stay here!!! I can't say how bad this place really is!What a beautiful Hotel!! The staff was exquisite. Nice size room and clean...I had read other reviews about rooms not being clean so I checked the bed as soon as we got there and it was clean and you could bounce a quarter on it!!
Great for the kiddies too...they were given a cute coloring pack upon arrival and devoured the PB&J sammies at 10pm!!
Also, if you book online, try the run of the house rate...$99 then you can upgrade to a king for just $20 more...that's what we did and it turned out great!!My boyfriend and I stayed there for 5 days to celebrate my birthday and absolutely adored everything about it. The staff was incredibly friendly& accomodating (especially Jessica at the front desk!), the rooftop pool and frozen cocktail service were everything we hoped for, and the 24 hour room service menu was delicious and prompt. The beds were big and comfortable and the bathrooms were beautiful. If you want to stay somewhere cost efficient yet luxurious for your vacation I highly recommend staying here. We loved Le Pavillion and will be back ASAP.First visit to New Orleans and I am not disappointed! The historic hotel has lovely charm as well as done unexpected touches. The rooftop swimming pool and hot tub (drink service until 10) was a great way to wind down. 10pm to 11pm there is a lobby snack available of pb&j and hot cocoa. Bottled water was readily available in the lobby in the morning (skip the high priced mini bar water) for free and by asking the front desk later. Convenient location and great staff- bartender and front desk were exceptional.This is my second time staying here and it was more awesome than the last.  It's truly like stepping back into a more elegant time and is seriously the most beautiful and friendly hotel in New Orleans. 
There is probably little I could say that would impress on anyone what the place is really like so rather then blabber on, I suggest you make an effort at some point to stay at the hotel, have drinks at the bar, go to the rooftop pool and jacuzzi, and have dinner at The Crystal Room. Your life will be better for it.This is not full 4 star review but it's worth mentioning that the hotel has special ambiance you will enjoy. Front desk staff was semi professional and didn't differ much from any other hotels, bar was rather slow if you were seated by the tables but overall no drama. Room was nice but not clean enough, there was visible dust in certain areas I thought it was surprisingly unacceptable for a hotel that actually claims to be so great. Second day of stay house keeping didn't leave us any towels ! We've called and got that corrected, on the day of departure I've got a  parking receipt but I wasn't getting charged for parking!!!! This got straighten up during check out, overall I like this hotel, I would like to see the rooms honestly cleaned not just wiped down but overall quote and enjoyable stay. Location is perfect, you can walk into French Quarters in few minutes and don't have to deal with the crazy crowds, their coffee was surprisingly tasty and pool on roof top is a great place to enjoy some time in the evening.Let's start with the important things. Terrific bed (wish I could have brought it home with me), great shower, lovely room, friendly helpful staff. They do everything here to make you feel comfortable and welcomed. The hotel is beautiful, you know you are in New Orleans. It is close enough to The French Quarter that we strolled there everyday but far enough away that you are not in the heart of the crazy. My only advice is to not wait until the last day to eat breakfast (like we did). So many yummy fresh great items available. We plan to return to NOLA and we will always stay here. Did I mention the PB&J and Hot Chocolate?The hotel is very old so I didn't expect things to be as updated as a newer hotel.  However, it was nice.  My complaints, our TV did not work,  every channel said no signal.  Also I had my phone on the charger all night only to see that the plug didn't work.  On the brighter side, the rooftop pool is beautiful ( floor is a lil scary).  I didn't like that security made us leave the pool area. 
The bed is very comfy, room is a little tight.  But I still enjoyed my stay 
( Sorry, I'm just rambling)Great service at this hotel. They have that we will do anything to please you kinda attitude. They also have a very cute french decor. The bar is a good quiet place for a drink- but if your looking for trendy clubber atmosphere this is not the place. 
I stayed here for the Jazz Festival and Bruce Springsteen was staying here too to preform the next day at the festival. I didn't know he was going to be there and didn't recognize him but we got to meet him because he was hanging out in the bar.I am staying at this hotel as I write this review. It is now 3:38 am and I cannot sleep. At 2 am a random man opened the door to my room and stepped right in. I started yelling at him saying he was in the wrong room and to get out. I first heard someone trying to open the door and I assumed the person was drunk and forgot his room number, he tried for about a minute and left. Moments after, he returned with a key in hand that opened my room. I called the front desk and asked them how could they just give anyone a key to a room that did not belong to them. Reception ignored my questioning and told me security would be up and that they were deactivating all keys. Security never came and now I'm too scared to sleep. Worst night ever.To say the least it's under construction which is sad they failed to mention. Twice I had to take stairs cause the crew was using elevators to move equipment. Can't sleep in cause noise wakes you up bright and early. I'm supposed to be on vacation but it seems far from it. The floors on roof seem flimsy definitely not what I was hoping for. Waste of money for sure....The room prices at times can be a decent value for the quality. Other hotel bar and resturant, room service items are very pricy. I also like the location if I'm going to the dome.This hotel is absolutely GORGEOUS! However, the customer service is abysmal! I encountered rude staff member after rude staff member. I was told when I arrived that I could load a cart and bring my own bags to my room, if I made sure to bring back down the cart. I was denied access to my room multiple times because our hotel keys kept randomly ceasing to work, and got no resolution. I was told I couldn't retrieve my own bags from the hotel bellhop because I lost my ticket (we arrived prior to check in and they kept our bags for us). This is just the tip of the iceberg. However I will say that the bar, lobby, rooftop and rooms are absolutely gorgeous - it ALMOST made it all worth it. Approach with caution!If I could give it 3.5 it would be more accurate. The hotel is historical. It has character. If you are looking for modern amenities and impeccable detail look elsewhere. Staff is super friendly and nice. Gym is new and clean. Pool and hot tub not so much. Location is good. Walk to Superdome and French Quarter. We also ate at the buffets which were decent, not stellar nor subpar.  We had a nice stay here. They like to push the ghost stories.  Nightly PB&J buffet is definitely a cool touch.Gorgeous hotel. Close enough to walk to the French Quarter. Staff was EXCELLENT, very responsive and helpful. Loved the midnight snack idea and drawn bath menu. Didn't see any ghosts. ;)I don't normally review hotels but in this instance, I figured I would. Le Pavillon is one of the nicest hotels I have stayed at within the United States. The lobby is pristine and as everyone has stated, they serve PB&J sandwichs around 10pm so you can get a pre-drinking snack in you for free. The hotel has two elevators which are small and seem to be packed at all times. We had a two queen room. The views from the room were good on the 5th floor and our bathroom was small but in good shape. The room itself has some old school flare to it with a flowery throw but hey its a little corny but it adds to the decor of the hotel. When you stay here, you are a short walk from the Quarter and the party. Trust me, at the end of the day, it is nice staying a few blocks away from the noise and party of the French Quarter. Very good experience, and affordable price through priceline overall.Beautiful hotel and nice rooms. However, the customer service is not up to par. Customer Service is everything and the front desk staff especially the young ladies need more training to understand service is everything. People don't want to get attitudes while on vacation.Old new Orleans style hotel. Great little rooms with everything you'll need. Close but yet far away from the French Quarter everything within walking distance. The staff is friendly and helpful. And of course it comes with its incredible history and ghost.The have a late night PB&J bar happy hour. If that alone doesn't win you over, let me also say it comes with milk and hot chocolate.  Every night. Free. 
This hotel is a great find. Convenient area, close to the nightlife, but not right in the middle. This hotel is a great place to stay and has tremendous charm. 
One of the best hotels I've stayed at in quiet some. Great character. Love it.Very ok hotel for French Quarter. I've stayed in several hotels in the FQ, this one was not up to par for a "4 star" and the price you pay. It does have decent decor, but the rooms are small and the bathroom is tiny. It was not as clean as you'd expect, grime was coming off tub ledge during shower, bath floor was not clean. Pillows were so worn down they were pretty much flat. Elevators were SLOW!! One was broken half the time we were there (which is a big deal when there's only 2) I will not stay here again. This place has nothing on the Monteleone or The RooseveltWorse experience ever ! Very over price for 4 breakfast plates came up to 159$ soda is 5$ and the staff is rude . Will never ever book again oh yeah the king deluxe room is as small as a walk in closetI expected more from a historic luxury hotel. All the little problems made the stay feel like a restless disaster. I agree with other reviewers about the disappointments. I don't know if I would give it a second chance, definitely not as a paying customer.Along with my most recent best meal in awhile on this NOLA visit,  came the best hotel stay in recent memory. We had a red eye and realized check in would be impossible until at least 3pm. 
Not so. As we came in to speak to the night manager around 6:30 am to drop our bags off and look for coffee, we were floored by the manager looking for no shows without being prompted, found a no show- then checking us in with an upgrade.
All the staff was beyond attentive- small things. Example-sitting in the lobby with 30 min to kill when we were leaving, the ticket for our bags lay next to us and an employee happened to notice and ask if we needed  our bags and a taxi and/or waiting for a shuttle. Everyone passed with a hello at the least.
I reallllly like historic places so please be aware if you are kinda a "W" hotel brand person- maybe just maybe- the quiet grandeur of this place would not be for you.It is an old hotel and lives within the limitations of the existing structure. Perfect for me , not for all. 
Bed awesome. The old school curtains killed all light ( the first time I have slept in for months) Bath was nice and what I needed.A gorgeous hotel with wonderful and friendly staff. They staff remembers their guests (and if you talk to them they remember what your activities are). It has a very vintage look with high ceilings and big narrow windows (not much of a view as it is a short hotel), they also have beautiful paintings in the hallways (one is a tad bit creepy of a little girl on the fourth floor), and you can hear the air conditioner turn on and off in your room. The bathroom is interesting. The sink has a small faucet head so the water flows very close to the back side of the sink. The shower has a glass door and thats about it. The whole back half of the shower is open so it doesnt keep the warm air in (so I recommend turing on the heater in the bathroom to keep it warm) and the door doesnt keep water in (on either side of the door) so just a heads up to not be shocked if you have to wipe up the floor when you finish and that will be where half of your towels will go towards.  XD
One thing I didnt care for was room service. They have a card that you stick into the key slot that says "quiet please" well on the other side it says "service please" and if you forget to use it or put it in the wrong way they housekeeping will literally ignore your room. This was the first time a hotel brushed off hoise keeping duties. We had no face tissues, soap or shampoo, dry towels, and we had overflowing trash cans for a whole day. When we called down for housekeeping they say they finish at 5:30 PM (we called around 3 PM) so they sent a girl to our room and she dropped off towels and left. We called again and repeated what we needed so they sent her up again and she changed the bed sheets and left. So we called a third time to at least empty the trash and she came up a third time with a big dlear trash bag and emptied our trash. The towels are still there and zero face tissues. I do feel that with the amount it costs ti stay here, room service should be automatic...its not like it is a huge hotel (where I have had better room service)This hotel was the absolute worst...from checking to checking out. Upon arrival the hotel had no power, there were painters and elevator ppl everywhere. The elevator smelled like someone had peed in it. My hotel room was nice upon first glance but when I inspected the bed after taking a shower I realized there was a large semen stain in the sheets. Checking in was a nightmare and the front desk receptionist was rude. She told me that check in was not until 3 and out 3 fingers in my face as if I couldn't hear. We didn't get a key card until the last day because the computers wouldn't work. They tried to charge my card a whole day before I was ready to check out and then it was for the wrong amount after telling them at check in I was using a different card to pay when I checkout out. Room service which was suppose to be around the clock was non-existent according to the front desk. The hotel manager didn't even come to see what the issue was. The front desk sent up another housekeeper and she just said "oh the other lady was suppose to clean it so you can go down to the front desk to see what they want to do". OMG!!!! I will not return and will continue to spread the word about this disastrous stay and waste of money on this so called "hotel".
This hotel is a waste of your money and time. Do not bother booking there and if you do you better check your sheets.Beautiful historic hotel,  very well kept.  The rooms are pretty spacious, beda are comfortable and staff is just great :)  very pleasant and friendly not to mention professional.  I highly recommend it when travelling to new Orleans.Le Pavillion
My stay stay here, and probably the last. It age is not the factor. It's management is and obviously there is a cash flow problem, as a result. Pool & terrace poorly kept, rarely maintained to standard with which it claims to be. Hot tun was filthy with pink rings around it, water cold and half full. Lounge chairs were old, cracked, and some were broken, causing the cushion I was sitting on to fall to the floor bruising by buttocks. No Ac outlets to charge cell phone & devices. Service elevator has been out of order for one year, causing long delays for the passenger elevators, since large laundry bins were rolled into the passenger elevators at all hours. After reporting these to the Front Desk supervisor, he became very defensive, indicating that it "is an old hotel", and the the lack of outlets was for security reasons. Such BS. And at THOSE $$$$ prices.
I sent a letter3 weeks ago to the general manager of the hotel  with details of my experience and there was no response. Furthermore, they used my sisters credit card to add addition charges to my account without her authorization.Please be careful how you pay at this hotel. They charged $380.00 from my cc without my authorization!! Very upsetting!! Filing a dispute with Visa now!! Very Sad!! Pay w/cash or credit card not debit card!! Sad from La...I loved this hotel, the staff was very courteous and friendly...and it is gorgeous inside. Nice perk are the free sandwiches and the bar in the evening, after a night on Bourbon St, a few of our friends needed the munchies and were well received. Great location, you can walk to Bourbon and surrounding areas with ease...highly recommended.I needed a stay cation in NOLA so I chose this hotel. I looked on yelp and trip advisor and narrowed it down to an affordable hotel with historic charm with a pool and away from the chaotic french quarter. The day of check in I called for an early check in and they told me to come on over. I was greeted at the door and escorted to concierge where the lovely lady who checked me in totally understood the concept of a hard working women needing a day (away from it all) and wished me a luxurious 24 hours of relaxation. When I entered the room I noticed it was small but perfect for me. Super cozy with a comfortable queen bed, a desk I could sit at and a bathroom I could take a bath in. I took a bath immediately and then went to the roof to take in the pool and jacuzzi. Everyone else must have been out enjoying vacation since I was the only one at the pool enjoying my stay cation. I then Headed back down to my cozy room for room service, nap, read, another bath, and room service again. A perfect night sleep and breakfast in bed. I asked for late check out and that was granted too. I know its slow season in NOLA in the summer and the early check in and late check out  may not happen during festival season but I would never expect it then. After my 2 pm check out, I still needed down time before heading back out to the crazy world of responsibility so I hung out in the beautiful bar and read. Again I was alone since it was slow season so I got the chance to know the bartender that had been working there for 42 years.  Turns out he's a neighbor. While I was there he was presented with "employee of the month" award. I highly recommend staying at Le Pavilion Hotel on stay cation or vacation if you are looking for a real historic hotel with charm.Very horrible experience . There is no shampoo & body wash etc.. In our room.  The wall is very thin , I could hear the other room 's people talking .I'm in love with this hotel.
Hot chocolate and Peanut Butter Sandwich late night snack bar!
I've never heard of a hotel doing this, but it's such a better idea than morning breakfast and coffees.  I always have trouble sleeping the first night I'm in a new place.  It's a nice, cute pick-me-up to help me feel welcome.  If you are late to the event, they pack the extras in paper sacks, and give them to those who ask at the front counter.
They have both creamy and chunky peanut butter, three types of jams, and three types of bread.  They have hot chocolate, whipped cream, marshmallows, and bottles of milk!
The hotel is beautiful, with old fashioned decor.  It looks so vintage.  The bed in my room was super soft.  Some of the couches in the lounge area are also comfortable.
The service is great, too.  They explain what all the lights do and everything when you arrive in your room.  They open the door whenever they see you near the front, and remove charges without question if they made a mistake.  The staff is also very friendly when they happen to use the elevator with you.  They don't have an artificial air, but rather a personal, relate-able one.  
I didn't pay that much, either.  
This place could use a dusting, though.  Other than that, it's been a great experience.I stayed at Le Pavillon the weekend of Jan 14, 2017. Had a great time in New Orleans and the hotel looks really nice. However, I either left an expensive pair of headphones in the room, or they were stolen from the room during my stay. The hotel said they would look into it and that I should call back to check. I have called the number listed on their website a dozen times. No answer. They have not returned my voicemail. They have not responded to my email. It's been a few days at this point.
I get that sometimes things happen during travel, but I don't know what's going on because Le Pavillon won't even do me the courtesy of responding. Doesn't matter how cool the roof deck is if that's how you treat people. I'd love to hear back from someone at the hotel who can help remedy the situation.This historic Grand Dame of a hotel has a richly appointed lobby, bar and dining room. The rooms are nicely decorated with dark carpets, walls and draperies. There are no tubs, only showers, and it takes 5-7 minutes to get hot water. You have ask at the front desk for a shower cap; which I thought was TOTALLY ODD since you are given no choice of tub or shower! The doormen are great as are the room service attendants. The front desk is another story; most front desk staff are totally INDIFFERENT and more interested in their computer than making eye contact with you; very strange for a service oriented business. Lauren and the middle-aged lady that works on Wednesday were the exceptions and were GREAT. The location is great; short walking distance to everything. My room, (718) had a Keurig; would have preferred a regular coffee maker, reading light over the bed did not work; did have a refrigerator and safe. No clock in room and the room's phone did not match the room number so I was worried about a wake-up call even though I set my cell alarm. Beds and pillows were good. Gym and rooftop are great.Neal and I wandered in to this hotel after the Krewe Of Bacchus parade to use the bathrooms.  After I had washed my hands I opened the restroom door to the lobby and there was Neal, sitting in a fancy french provincial chair, eating a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.  He wasn't alone either.  The lobby was swarming with people slathering fancy jams and peanut butters onto all types of breads neatly arranged on a large buffet.  If you're feeling sneaky and hungry after 10pm, nothing hits the spot like a Le Pavillon PB&J.  Cold milk is also complimentary.
*Note this review is for the PB and J sandwiches only, user cannot comment on the actual hotel as she really didn't pay much attention to it.The LePavilln Hotel is a historic and beautiful place to stay. It's a charming comfortable place with elegant dinning in the crystal dining room. They had a trio Thursday night "Zizique!" Pro forming Opera and Show tunes that was really amazing.  
The night dinning & breakfast buffet is also very good. 
Nice hot tub and pool on the roof. The staff is really friendly and accommodating. Durning my stay,  I needed and extra late check-out due to a late flight. They gave me at 3pm check out. 
Tips;
I always have them remove ALL drinks and snacks from the rooms mini bar. The electronic sensors will auto add to your bill if you try storing anything in the mini bar. They will remove any bogus charges, but I just try to avoid the hassle. Also ask for a complimentary mini fridge. It's gets much colder and you will not need to other mini bar. 
1/10 of a mile away- there is wonder place called "Rouses Market" everything you'll need from grocery, booze & deli/bakery, Etc.Very nice hotel, but make sure that you check on room size.  The first visit (about a month ago for a conference) I had a very nice, big room on the 8th floor.  I liked it so much that I booked a second visit.  This time the room was smaller and not as up to date.  Definitely check with the hotel about room size.  All that being said, the staff is very helpful and friendly, the hotel beautiful and strategically located and the price modest for what you get.  I'm a fan and would have a difficult time choosing another hotel in NOLA.  And it's supposedly haunted - a definite bonus!Stay FAR FAR AWAY from this decrepit shell of a once beautiful hotel. Nothing is right since it was bought by a faceless corporation that is busily dismantling the rich grandeur that made this place historical and replacing it with Kardashianesque glitzy banality. If you enjoy drywall crews joining you on tiny elevators ( the service elevator has been out of service for 3 years) and starting their sawing drilling and hammering at 8 in the morning on Saturdays while you are trying to have a vacation, if you enjoy frequent interruptions in hot water, if you like it when the entire Hotel's telephone service stops working, if you like to see one person behind the front desk during busy hours, then this is the place for you.  Many of the line staff here are absolutely wonderful people, some of them who have been with the facility for 20 and 30 years and are now seeing their hours cut in half as corporate management trades high class service for profit margin. When the best thing you can say about a hotel is that all of the multitude of apologies that you have received are very very sincere, then that should tell you all you need to know.I am staying here with my 11 year old son, because it was recommended as a family friendly place.  On Saturday evening there is a raging party on our floor with drunken, screaming male and female voices.  It's 3am.  I call repeatedly down to the front desk and no one picks up the phone.  It makes me feel unsafe.  I'm unable to open the door, as I'm afraid.  And unable to sleep.  And I feel that the staff is not doing it's job.  My only option is to call the police, but I've got a kid here and I don't know what to do.  The WORST hotel experience.Our stay began when we arrived at 4:30PM, 1.5 hours past check-in time. We were told our room was not available and, when I confirmed that check-in was at 3:00PM and I had our mother who was very hot, the staff member at the front desk was not understanding and suggested that we could "buy a drink at the bar." We were also told that our car (parked directly by a sign that said Customer Loading Zone) was in the wrong spot and we needed to move it. We were ultimately helped by some other front desk staff who were much nicer; however, it put a bad taste in our mouth from the get-go. The property was beautiful and the rooms were very nice/comfortable. The elevators were very slow and wait times were at least five full minutes at any time during the day. The pool door was propped open with a towel which made me question whether everyone in the crowded pool area were guests of the property.We stayed at the Pavillon for our wedding weekend. The hotel is absolutely gorgeous, but a couple problems we experienced put a damper on our time there. For starters, the junior suite we booked ($450/night) was actually just the size of an average hotel room, which was a problem since the entire wedding party would be getting ready there. The Pavillon staff were very nice when we asked them if we were actually in the correct room just after check-in, and they also checked to see if they could put us in a bigger room, but unfortunately everything was booked. Still, that room really should not be called a suite, and should not cost what it does. Additionally, it's worth noting that the "high speed wifi" operates more at dial-up speed. 
The biggest issue, however, was the fact that our room was not cleaned on our wedding day. I had emailed the Pavillon in advance asking for something special, if possible, for when we got back from getting married, like rose petals on the bed. Instead, we came back from our wedding to find a completely trashed room, with coffee pots, old shrimp, clothing, make-up and wine bottles all over the place from where we'd gotten ready earlier that day. This completely spoiled the mood of our wedding night. I wound up putting a bunch of the stuff into the hallway to get it out of the way (and get rid of the smell of old food), and put a note on the door saying "DO NOT DISTURB" (there was no DND sign in our room). Despite this fact, one of the hotel staff KNOCKED ON OUR DOOR at 5 am to ask if we wanted the stuff in the hallway taken away!! Ok, if it's a bunch of half-eaten food in the hallway, doesn't that mean we want it taken away?? And who knocks on the door at five o'clock in the morning, especially when there is a sign specifically saying not to bother us?? 
The Pavillon staff were otherwise extremely friendly and gracious. But the experience on our wedding night, which should have been impeccable, was inexcusable. In the future, I will most likely skip the old world charm and just stay at the Westin.I am fortunate to travel all over the world with my work but UNFORTUNATELY had an event to attend at The Hyatt who were fully booked but recommended this terrible hotel.
I have never stayed anywhere that is sooooo POOR value for money. The hotel itself is DIRTY , needs a refurbish, and the staff are only slightly worse than the lack of customer service that they DO NOT DELIVER.
Obviously this hotel has history but DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.  It is no better than a 1 star hotel or even hostel, it is that bad. DO NOT BE sucked in by its history. It needs HELP and when you complain the customer service standard you receive is more out dated than the rooms. 
Nothing works including your plug sockets, most of the extras are hanging off the wall or too dirty to use. If you have booked to stay here then call your agent and move. It will not be open for more than a month if they keep this standard up.
No wonder the reviews on here are from Group On..... SHOCKING and DISGUSTING.Message to the management: Hotel is outdated - the rooms need better upkeep. Our bathroom lamps were not cleaned in ages. I had to be assertive to get our room made. Definitely not 4 star, but has potential(decor is beautiful(fresh flowers!) and front desk service is great) Jacuzzi  sucks - wasn't even filled to full capacity!
Gotta get your ***t together! Honest review:/I have stayed at every dynasty New Orleans hotel over the years and I have to say Le Pavillon is my favorite. 
The hotel does have its quirks, but it's lovely. The staff is so helpful and bends over backwards for you. 
We stayed there for during Easter Sunday and ordered normal breakfast in the bar... The kitchen was so backed up we were brought the wrong drinks and orders several times... After we got our actual order and drinks we were told it was all complimentary due to the mix ups! Great customer service.Liked the hotel for its old, regal, historic feel. For having so much detail in what makes this hotel so charming, they seem to keep up well with keeping it fresh and clean. The rooms were good and the pillows we so fluffy but fell flat like you were sleeping on a sheet of paper. Not faulting them for this though, just a personal preference. The pool was very fun and a great way to the start the day. They could've stepped up the rooftop service a bit though. There's a phone to call for service like towels, waters or food. They only reason why I drop this to 4 stars is because we called in for room service and asked for a modification (add lettuce) to a sandwich and we got some major attitude. Not cool. Aside from that, pleasant stay, clean hotel and the rest of the staff was very attentive and friendly.Lovely hotel. Friendly staff, nice sized rooms, pimp bathroom, love love love the roof hot tub and Kate night free snack of pb&j sandwiches and hot chocolate. Would stay there again, no questions asked.So glad I booked this hotel. I wanted a hotel that didn't look like all the others, something with a little history and was very pleased with my choice. It's a beautiful hotel built inthe 1700's  with chandeliers, beautiful ceilings, restaurant and bar. The staff was awesome and very helpful. I left my hat when I left and they sent it to me asap. The hotel is within walking distance to the French Quarter but far enough so as to not have the noise and that was a plus. The rooftop pool with the Grecian statues was beautiful and the view was breathtaking. I brought back some people I had met while in the French Quarter and they marveled at how beautiful it was. They wanted to change hotels right there and then. After a couple drinks we all went downstairs for the nightly PBJ sandwiches and milk that the hotel hosts for all the guests. It was a unique and fun tradition the hotel holds every night. I will definetly stay here next time I visit this city again.  Nathan at the front desk was very helpful getting us a room when it turns out we had booked the hotel for the next day and not when we actually arrived.Even though we were not here for the night (we came for the seafood nachos at the bar),  we had a fantastic experience.   The hotel was beautiful.   The best part was Pam the bartender.   She's a true asset to the company.  I can't wait to come back and stay in this magnificent hotel!After my horrible experience I was compensated for my whole stay. I am leaving the three stars because of the receptionist staff. They are poorly trained and need better etiquette when it comes to dealing with such unfortunate events. The manager however was very respectful, apologetic and professional.In my humble opinion, it's one of the best hotels for the price. That is the room quality for the money. Other hotel anything is pricy as most places.Magical, beautiful, well located and historical hotel. Check in was exactly on time (on the minute), which is always nice. Our room was a bit dated- a torn curtain here, a ripped bed skirt there but it was spacious and the bathroom was large and very clean. I could see where if you were picky (which we aren't), you could find a lot "wrong" with the rooms. Comfortable beds, friendly staff, and seriously the pb&j happy hour was so super fun. Pretty good location too. I'm not sure that I would stay here again but that's only because I love checking out different hotels every time I'm in Nola.Stayed here for 5 nights for the SfN conference. Managed to snag a room on the 8th floor, almost at the end of the hall. Had no problems with noise the entire stay! The service is really friendly and accommodating at every part of the hotel. The PB&J table in the lobby starts at 2200 and was arguably the best part of the hotel! You can choose from 3 different breads, two textures of peanut butter, and three types of "jelly" (I know some people are picky with preserves vs jelly vs jam vs spread vs whatever, and I can't keep them straight for the life of me).
Tried the breakfast buffet twice. They have a wide selection from muffins and cereal to potato, bacon, sausage, and omelettes. The best part was the omelettes. You can request them to be done however you want, and can choose from a small variety of fillings. 
Had dinner once in the crystal room and tried the gumbo and jumbo shrimp cocktail. The food was good, but was really heavy. I'm talking about not-being-able-to-do-anything-else-for-the-night heavy. 
The ambience of the hotel is very unique - I think their website does a fantastic job capturing the imagery for those who will stay there. They also have a fitness center and a rooftop pool and hot tub!Staff have been so helpful! The hotel is beautiful and clean and actually priced well!
We were able to find deals online when booking early, or different packages, worth looking into!
Roof top pool area was really nice! Cabanas and chairs set up around the roof. 
Pool is 3ft-6ft deep, not huge but it wasn't busy today so there was plenty of room. Great view! 
Rooms are nice, beautiful decor, comfortable plush beds, floor length (extended) curtains, elegant bathroom, spacious closets. 
Lobby has a huge pitcher of mixed fruit water available for guests. Very refreshing after walking around the French Quarter. 
Walking distance to many attractions.I think I'm being generous with two stars. My friend booked this hotel through Expedia. We were impressed by the good reviews online and were looking forward to our stay. We just returned from a 5 night stay there. The hotel looks great from the outside and has a beautiful lobby. The staff is friendly and always greets you when they see you in the lobby. That's pretty much where the positives end. 
When we entered our room, I noticed that the glass shelf in the bathroom had a layer of dust over it. Also noticed a bunch of dust bunnies in the vent in the ceiling in the main room. Right on our first night, the toilet stopped flushing and came very close to flooding. I grabbed the hotel phone to call the front desk and discovered that the phone was not working. I called from my cell and was put on hold for over 10 minutes. Couldn't get a hold of anyone, so I went downstairs seeking help. I was told that they'd send someone up right away. Well, 30 minutes later, no one had come up. I tried calling the front desk again because we were getting sleepy (almost midnight) but again no answer. This time my friend had to go downstairs and check. Finally, someone came up and fixed the toilet. The phone was not fixed throughout our entire stay. 
On day 2, I discovered that the towels had holes in them. Chose not to complain about this. Also noticed that the sink had disgusting yellow rusty stains. Also didn't complain about this. When we got back to the room after a day out, we came to the conclusion that housekeeping basically only makes the bed, changes towels, and throws out the trash. No dusting any shelves or cleaning the sink or bathtubs. You could see hairs and fingerprints left over uncleaned. 
On one of the days I returned to the room around 4pm (we had been out since 9am) to discover that housekeeping hadn't even bothered to come clean the room yet. I just asked for fresh towels and let this go. We decided to check out the pool only to discover that it was full of dead bugs. Who wants to swim in that disgusting thing?
What else? The key cards kept getting deactivated. We had to ask for new cards almost every day. Lastly, the doormen would engage in conversations with other staff while you had to open the door yourself. I'm fine with opening my doors, but then why employ a doorman who stands right next to the door if he's not going to open said door? 
I think this about sums it up. Huge disappointment.Very nice old world hotel.  A short walk from bourbon street and the superdome.  Free pb&j sandwiches every night. Not overly expensive for the quality.Let me start off by saying walking through the front doors of Le Pavillon on its own takes your breath away. The lobby is stunning with the high ceilings, crystal chandeliers, and impeccable decor of the Gilded Age. Perfect for so many people and their interests, Designers take note this is definitely a spot to check out! 
This past week four girlfriends and myself stayed here and we were blown away by the service we received. When we arrived to the hotel we were greeted promptly and had our bags loaded onto a cart and brought over to the front desk. Checking in was fast and we're escorted to our rooms by Antoine. 
The rooms had old world charm with the French Decor yet had all of the amenities you'd need as a traveler, including two hair dryers! Each room was spotless and actually felt clean. Although we didn't sleep much because we were on Bourbon St. till late, the beds and pillows were so comfortable. 
The house cleaning woman servicing the fourth floor rooms 428 and 431 between August 6-9th was very helpful and polite.  She made sure we had enough towels, toiletries and so on. I wish I knew her name to give her the credit she deserves! (By the way, your black nails were super cute!)
Antoine was professional and absolutely phenomenal from start to finish. This was our first time too New Orleans! He was extremely helpful and has a great since of humor! 
As young women we were concerned about the area and safety as we did not know the area well. Antoine gave us assurance that the hotel is safe and the only way a hotel staff could enter a room was with their personal identification card, which is tracked. He broke down where places were located, what food spots to check out, hotel history and what to watch out for on Bourbon St. (AKA. Be cautious of those grenade drinks! They taste so good but will have you spinning before you know it! LUKES for breakfast is a must!)
Prior to our stay, we did not know the history on the Le Pavillon and it's haunted past. Antoine shared those spooky stories and provided us with a pamphlet of the Paranormal Investigation that took place there. Such a great take away and plane reading, I cannot wait to share what I've learned with family and friends. 
Every time we ran into him during our stay he was checking in with us to make sure we were okay and didn't need anything. The experience though Antoine alone we all have agreed we'd recommend to stay at the Le Pavillon! 
He went above and beyond for us the entire stay and while we waiting for our shuttle the last day he showed us a hotel history book and stairwell which has photos of the hotel dating back to the horse and carriage days. 
Overall our stay was extraordinary, we're already talking about our next stay in your beautiful city, New Orleans!confession: i'm a wannabe vampire. 
i guess that's why i was so butt-crazy over le pavillon-- you see the same sensually dangerous aesthetic, french influence, and romantic decadence of the depiction of NOLA in "interview with a vampire". there is a perfect balance between old-world opulence in fit and finish with modern amenities. the rooftop deck and pool area are simply breathtaking. if i were to see this place when i was 5 years old, i'd be planning my wedding around this location.
because the SO is a hotelier and is often required to travel to nawlins, this is our first choice outside of her family of hotels. being so comfortably close to the convention area while being able to break free from the work pack (read: heterosexual middle management men) is important to us. it's also located within walking distance to many NOLA attractions like the french quarter (bourbon st, jackson square, etc), the cemeteries (aka "cities of the dead"), architecture-rich streets, famous filming locations, AWESOME RESTAURANTS, etc. 
so with that said, in the fashion of interview with the vampire's kirsten dunst's character claudia: "it's time we were on our way. i'm hungry, and the city awaits"!
have fun, kiddies!WORST HOTEL IN NEW ORLEANS! Spent $250 for 1 night, thinking it would be worth my money. WRONG. 1st of all the front desk staff was rude, when we arrived to the room a nasty food tray was sitting outside of our door, but no big deal until we returned 5 hours later and the tray was still there! Then the room key wouldn't work, went to the front desk & got another one. Then the toilet wouldn't flush, the sink wouldn't drain, the shower was rusty & dirty, the pillows were flat, & the sheets had cigarette burns in them!! I called downstairs & asked to speak to a manager & was told there wasn't one on duty &I I would have to wait until the morning to speak with one but she would put my complaints in the notes (nobody has called me still). We decided to get out of the room & go to the pool, once again the room key wouldn't work when we got back! So I had to go back down to get another key. Guess who was working the front desk? THE MANAGER! I told him I had a few problems with my room & he was very rude, cocky & unapologetic! NEVER AGAIN WILL I STAY AT THIS HOTEL! I really wish I could get my $ back because in this situation you don't get what you pay for! Historic my ass! Stay at this hotel if you enjoy being treated like an inconvenience rather than a guest!Remodel of the lobby and bar ruined the place. Had a great and real vintage and classic feel which they ruined by painting over what was previously fantastic work. Took a fantastic and classic hotel and made it look like any other modern day hotel.First, for the money, the location and the service, you can't beat this place. In fact, I recommended that 2 different people stay here when asked about my trip to New Orleans. Beyond just the service, the cool hotel and the location the POOL ON THE ROOF IS ONE OF THE BEST POOLS I HAVE EVER BEEN TO. After drinking and staying out late, there's nothing like going up to the roof, having room service delivered and laying on plush chairs overlooking the city.
Five stars:
- top notch service and incredibly nice staff
- nice old hotel, with very cool chandeliers and marble
- Great location (2 blocks from bourbon street, but completely out of the hustle bustle) also very close to charles street trolley
- ROOF POOL
Two stars:
- Older and shows in areas
- Rooms are nice, but not top notch
Average: Four StarsSouthern Hospitality at it's finest! Amazing staff! Thank you to the following employees for making my stay unforgettable. Ms. Paula Carter at the front desk. Mark the doorman, Wayne in room service and the entire Crystals cafe staff!! Beautiful pool area, gym room and super comfortable beds. Thank you! Prime location in the heart of New Orleans.In large part because I was booking a bit last-minute, I ended up at Le Pavillon. It's not exactly close to the French Quarter (it'll take you about 10 minutes of brisk walking to get to the start of Bourbon Street), but the price was quite reasonable - hence why I ended up here. Walking inside, it definitely has the feel of a glamorous place, with marble floors and glistening chandeliers hanging overhead. However, it feels more like a facade once you get to the front desk and the folks there are using laptops to conduct hotel business. The elevators are ancient (although not as slow as one might think), but the hallways have an older feel to it. I was situated in a room at the end, which didn't mean much special - I was still surrounded by office buildings on the 7th floor. It was also evident that the housekeeping was not well-attended to, as I went to shower and realized there were no towels in the room at all...and after I called, they brought up a stack of towels way too large for me to go through in 2 days. The amenities in the room itself were okay - the bed was reasonably comfortable, the lighting fine - but the bathroom was ancient, with a toilet that required you to hold the flushing mechanism for several seconds to make sure it went all the way, and the shower made a groaning sound when you sent the water upstairs. The temperature was also inconsistent, especially my first day there, when the water was frigid for the entire time without heating up.
Unfortunately, this made my unpleasant and below-satisfactory hotel stays in New Orleans a perfect 2/2. The location is alright if you are in town for business (as opposed to leisure), but the rooms themselves are worn down, and no rooftop pool (which I did not have time to visit) will change that. Parking for $40/night at the lot literally across the street is a bit of a ripoff as well. I didn't have many options, but at over $200/night, I honestly think I would have enjoyed my stay just as much (or as little) as staying at a tiny motel chain.Hands down the noisiest hotel I have EVER stayed at. There was at least one wedding party staying there and wow, no regard for other guests! Basically treated the place like their own personal hotel by leaving their room doors open, going from room to room and drinking in the hallways. We had to tell them several times to keep it down I didn't get the feeling the people at the front desk cared. 
On to the actual hotel...  Beautiful. I love historic hotels and this one is gorgeous. Our room was big, clean, and well appointed. We did have a tub in our room so I guess some don't according to other reviews. It's about a 10 minute walk to the French Quarter. 
The bar was great. Fantastic and friendly service. 
Unfortunately this is a one and done for me due to thin doors and walls.Great customer service. Parking is $$ at $39 a night. Food here is $$$ for us. Maintenance is fast. Room is awesome. Packed with people from all over and extremely clean. Everyone says hello to you. Unsure of tipping protocol though. Uncomfortable using the concierge service as they are all dressed to the 10's and ol me in shorts.The staff was helpful and friendly as soon as we arrived. They helped us unload our luggage and took care of parking our vehicle. I wasn't too happy about the $40 parking fee but with the busy Mardi Gras season there wasn't much we could do. Check in was fast and easy. We were out on the 6th floor, it smelled like it was recently painted because the odor was strong. Looks beautiful. The room was nice and clean. They also provided a crib for us since we had our baby. We had a weird request, we asked if they could give us a tiny amount of dish soap just so we could rinse our babies bottles. They weren't able to accommodate our request, didn't think it would be a big deal but what can you do.. we were so excited about the PB&J bar but with the parade we missed it. The hotel is beautiful and the concierge was so helpful in directing us to were the parade would be. He also provided a map. Checkout is at 12.. that was a little frustrating. There was a ton of people waiting to check in and out, only one person at the front desk. But overall good experience. We didn't get to take a dip in the pool because we were only staying one night but my son managed to take a look up there and said it was beautiful.This is regarding my stay in your hotel during the Mardi Gras. My fianc and I frequent New Orleans several times a year and after reading stellar reviews online and having visited your website, we were impressed. 
Having said that, we'd like to bring to your notice that this time, our visit (Saturday February 10th to Wednesday Valentine's Day, room #922) to your hotel was cruelly disappointing and definitely not at par with the kind of expectations we've developed for a hotel of your caliber. Hence, we found it inevitable to write in to you.
During our stay, the room was not as clean as we would have expected it to be. There were crumbs on the floor near the window and scattered around the room. We decided to ignore those and await for house keeping to properly vacuum the carpet during the next cleaning. It didn't occur. 
Then, there was a more pressing concern: the shower-head was malfunctioning which disrupted both our showers. Every 30 seconds or so, the water pressure from the shower head would drop so low that the water would not exit the shower head and each time this occurred, it lasted for approximately 30 seconds or longer. Imagine that experience. That night (Saturday, our first night) we informed the front desk of the faulty shower-head and we were told that they'd have the engineers sent to the room. We departed for the Quarters and during our shower the next morning, again we experienced a faulty shower-head. Again, we went down to the front desk to inform them of the trouble and possibly relocate us to a different room, yet we were advised that the hotel was "almost at capacity" and that the engineers would have to assess the shower system before any additional accommodations were provided. Determined to not allow our experiences at the hotel to ruin our moods for the day, we left to enjoy the rest of the city. Later that night upon our return, the shower worked. 
Finally, the worst of our experience came the night of Mardi Gras Tuesday. We came in about 6:00 pm and after bringing our parade winnings to the room we returned to your bar/dining area to order food. After eating, we retired for the night only for me to awake at 4:00 am to a 6% phone battery (my charger had been left in the car). I went to the valet stand to request my vehicle, no one was present. I then spoke with the front desk personnel who was watching a movie with her back to the desk. I inquired the whereabouts of the valet attendant and was advised that he was in the booth across the street. I walked to the booth which was empty yet I was startled by rats running near the booth. I then headed back to the hotel. Upon crossing the street, I noticed a hotel employee. I asked her if she knew where the valet attendant was, as if I had rudely bothered her, she sternly replied "No." I mentioned that since she had a walkie-talkie I was hoping that she could try and connect with him, with an attitude she replied "He don't work for us! How the f*** would I know where he at?!" I advised her that she shouldn't speak to guests that way and that I had only asked her of his whereabouts because although he may not be an employee he is affiliated with your hotel and services your guests AND he also has a walkie talkie which she could have used to contact him. She threw her cigarette down, spoke some other foul words, entered the hotel and departed downstairs below the common area. I asked the front desk employee (who was still watching a movie) the name of that employee to which she replied "I don't know sir, I didn't see her." I accepted the lack of cooperation from the staff, and simply requested that the front desk employee contact the valet. She contacted him via radio, he responded, and brought my vehicle so that I could retrieve my charger.  
Such an inconvenience is disrespectful and demeaning for someone who has had a long association with your great city, but more importantly, we were YOUR guests. Going forward, we will definitely think twice before committing our experience to a hotel based on online reviews and its website. I don't think that we could ever stay with you in the future as we don't feel like valued customers. We certainly were not treated as such. 
But, I do hope there's no repetition of the same in future with me, or any of your guests for that matter and that you take the necessary action to ensure the same.
Thank You,
Quillan V. Saulsberry
469-446-6331I don't want to be histrionic, nor have I ever been so upset I thought I'd ever write a bad review. However this hotel really gave me the fury and the treatment to write this review today. I'll be brief, I booked and paid for my hotel two months in advance for a four day stay last week.  After an eight hour drive from dallas we arrived to be warmly greeted by valet. Upon reaching Rickne at the reception desk, everything changed. I gave my name to check in to be told there was no reservation. After that she was rude, condescending, and in my opinion has no reason to work in customer service. We were told after 4 hours of waiting in the lobby and then talking to our booking agent that they had overbooked the hotel. I highly doubt they were overbooked two months ago. They probably gave away our room by accident. Yet, do you think I got some sort of accommodation, or even an apology from the hotel? No. I was told at 1 am they did not have my two suites I had payed for two months in advanced and that I needed to find my own hotel room. After driving down the streets of a city I'd never been to, and eventually sleeping in a parking garage. I found another room for the remainder of the trip. I can't not stress enough I would NEVER!! recommend this hotel to anyone. I can put up with outdated rooms, bad food, even bugs. However to be treated like some unwanted animal when I did nothing wrong and not even to be told I'm sorry is beyond insulting. I have family who've worked in hospitality for many years and they would never treat a person like this. Much less someone who's already paid for a room. Please save your money and time and find better hotel.I stayed here in early June for four nights. When I first arrived at the hotel, I was greeted by the doorman who took my bag, gave it to the bellhop, and brought me to the check-in desk. Even though it was only 10AM and check-in isn't until 3PM, I was promptly shown to my room without hesitation. The best aspect of the hotel is its customer service. Maybe it's being in the South or I'm always surrounded by rude New Yorkers, but everyone was friendly without an attitude.
The lobby is spectacular. It is old school over the top European elegance with glass chandeliers and colorful couches adorned with tasseled pillows. Usually, I hate this decor, but it works here and I feel like I'm transported to a different world. The rooms are decorated in the same fashion.
I booked a standard queen. it is a bit on the small size. I've been in Holiday Inn rooms that were bigger. There was a TV that didn't have the clearest picture quality, a decent sized closest with a safe, a desk, and a sitting area. There really wasn't much space to stretch out. The bathroom was small. There was a small tub good enough for showering but not big enough if you wanted a bubble bath. The major gripe I had with the room was that it always felt...moist? I mean I know it's the NOLA humidity, but turning up the A/C left me freezing. And I couldn't open the windows either to get in a breeze. The hallway was always freezing. I was always running from the elevator back to the room. 
The view from the rooftop wasn't spectacular. Mostly, I just saw office buildings. It's a nice place to chill after a long day out. When I was hanging out by the pool though, I saw the largest cockroaches. Maybe they smelled a PB&J sandwich but they crawled onto the table next to me freaking me out. 
The PB&J snacks are a nice touch, but they weren't amazing. They were regular sandwiches. There was a choice of breads (white, wheat, raisin), peanut butter (crunchy, smooth), and jam (grape, cherry, apricot). Plus there were a few pieces of fruit as well as a station with hot chocolate, marshmallows, and cold milk.
The location is pretty good. It's pretty quiet, but only a 10 minute walk away from the edge of the French Quarter. The St. Charles Streetcar is only 2 blocks away. (I was looking for a streetcar named desire but all I could find was a bus to Elysian Fields.) There's not much in the area except for other hotels. I would consider staying here again if I got a good price.BUG INFESTED!!!! We arrived home from a 4 day stay opening a suitcase full of insects. Housekeeping had been folding our dirty clothes in a pile on the floor - they did not have dirty garment bags in the closet, as all hotels usually do. 100's of insects were swarming in our clothes when we opened our suitcase arriving home and escaped in our bedroom. We spent thousands of dollars on an exterminator at our home after my doctor's recommendation. They will not reimburse our bill, even after I had a dr.'s evaluation of the insect bites. It took days to get in touch with somebody that could help us with the issue, having to escalate the issue to their financial lending company. When we called the hotel to express why we needed to speak to management at the hotel- on two occasions, they did not even ask what room number we were in. It took them days to do an inspection of the room, if they even did one, and of course they claim it came back clean, their insurance company, who they pass you off to, denied the claim...they are equally unresponsive. I've traveled for business for the last 12 years and traveled extensively for personal travel, and stay at a lot of nice hotels, this certainly is not one. In all these years, I've NEVER had an issue. I noticed another review written today from a woman who said there were bugs in her room, and that management was lacking - hopefully she didn't bring the bugs home with her like we did. DO NOT STAY HERE - there are a lot of hotels in the area - stick with a brand that will back their service - you deserve to enjoy your vacation - and if issues arise you can trust the hotel to do what's right - Le Pavillion will not. Hope this helps.Amazing experience at Le Pavillon! My mom and I recently visited for my 30th birthday. She had mentioned in the reservation that we were celebrating my bday, but didn't request anything special. Once we arrived, everyone was very friendly and accommodating. We went up to our room to unpack and received a knock on the door. The hotel had given me a little chocolate cake and bottle of champagne for my birthday! So sweet and generous! The entire staff was great from the doorman, to the front desk, to the restaurant and bar. Our room was clean and had comfortable beds. The location of the hotel is perfect because it is off of the craziness of Canal Street and walking distance to both the French Quarter and Superdome. St. Charles St is also very close in order to take the trolley down to the Garden District. I will definitely stay here again next time I'm in NOLA!My favorite hotel--of all time.
Close to the Quarter and right off the streetcar line=convenient location.
Beautiful and clean.
Um, darn good breakfast buffet in the Crystal Room.
I will stay here every time I'm in NOLA from now on. It is has set the bar for every other hotel I visit from now on.This is a very nice hotel for the money! The pool on the top floor is spectacular! We got her early in the morning and the friendly staff checked us in without have us to wait until the afternoon! The French quarters are a few blocks away! This is a perfect location and would highly recommend!this hotel was OK. it was very pretty inside. the staff were very helpful. however, the rooms need updating and maintenance.  it was not very clean. very dusty in my room- the vents, etc.  for the price this hotel should step it up.  the rooftop pool and gym were nice though.  this claims to be a 4 diamond hotel but it really needs to improve a lot structurally.The nicest and most accommodating staff in New Orleans! We were able to check in early and check out late thanks to their flexibility. 
They have wonderful PB & J sandwich nights at 10pm with the BEST hot chocolate. You have to try it at least once. 
Dining in the Crystal Room was great and the bar was relaxing. 
Daily workouts on the rooftop gym were awesome. The gym was super clean and well-stocked with towels and fruit. 
The rooftop pool and jacuzzi space was nice and comfortable.  Plenty of room in which to relax. 
Overall, such a great experience!Great hotel at a surprisingly good price. We stayed here during the Christmas holidays season and we got a decent rate and it was a nice place. The outside and lobby of the hotel makes it look like it will cost a fortune, but the prices were reasonable. The rooms were spacious and clean and even came with ceiling fans. 
The location is far enough from the Quarter and River where it is not noisy or crowded, but still OK to walk to both places if you can handle it. 
Tip: Someone mentioned getting a room here for around $50 from Priceline. Never tried it.Beautiful hotel, very attentive staff. Great location! We had a suite that was fit for royalty and that's exactly how we felt. We ate at the ballroom for breakfast and enjoyed it very much.The hotel is pretty old and that in itself is cool because of the history. They could help something's like making the corridors smell better they all smelled like marijuana from people partying in the hotel and no one monitoring the floors. My Ac unit leaked and they did repair quickly however the knob to our restroom fell and was not repaired the entire 4 night stay. The peanut butter and jelly with hot cocoa is a nice touch and that was very cool to see every night. The staff customer service was hit or miss some people were warm and kind and others were dismissive and not very attentive. This place has possibilities to be an incredible location but it all comes down to how the guest get treated. They can use some work as far as location they are in a great place and I think for most young people they are out just partying anyway. I went here with my wife and another couple. I wish I had better things to say also the parking arrangements suck on the location. I hate to mention that as I don't think they really have much they could do about that. The pool area upstairs was cool but the pool was cloudy and not very inviting when I stayed there and the artificial wood deck doesn't feel safe when you walking on top it seems to move and deflect.We arrived very early in the morning at around 2am and we were promptly checked in. Our room was 721. The room was very elegant with dim lighting which set a very nice mood in the room.   Our room had no real view.  You looked across the street at the building next to the hotel.  This was not an issue for us.  The hotel had a very nice ambiance.  We really enjoyed staying there.
Room size:  Adequate
Bathroom: Small but updated nicely.  Not much counter space.
Bed:  Very comfy.  Pillows were extra high loft, non-allergenic, polyester fiberfill.  I asked for soft feather pillows and they brought them to us within minutes of our request.
Hotel restaurant:  Did not eat there
Hotel bar: Very nice.  Has at least one nice chess set, if you, like to play
Hotel terrace:  Small dipping pool, hot tub and about six lounge chairs around the pool.  Very small area.  There is also a couple of cabanas with lounge chairs off to side away from pool and a few two top tables.  It is a very relaxing area.  We went up on a Friday night at 11pm and the terrace was all ours!  Amazing!
Noise level: Our room was across from ice maker closet and the guest in the adjoining room were very load (shouting, etc.) the first night.  We turned down the air conditioner temp and turned up the fan and it seemed to drown out most of the noise.
Location:  We were there for the final four games and I think this hotel had one of the best locations!  It was an easy walk to the Superdome and, trust me, traffic was hell even if you were trying to drive 4 blocks to the game.  Being able to walk was a huge plus.  The hotel is also only about a 5 minute walk to the edge of the French Quarter.
Night time snack: PB&J sandwiches and hot cocoa severed at 10 pm in the lobby are a nice touch.
Service: Staff was not overly friendly. This may bother some people but it did not bother us.
If you are in New Orleans to party in the French Quarter this may not be the hotel for you but for our purpose it was great!I feel bad writing this review because the staff here were all very nice and helpful but we had a lot of problems in our recent visit and would not stay here again. It is very deceiving from their website and looks like this gorgeous hotel with a huge rooftop pool and hot tub but when we got there we were shocked to see just how small the pool was - and there was no hot tub at all. Why would a hotel advertise that they have a hot tub when they don't? Take it off your website if you got rid of it. They also advertised they had microwaves in the room, but we didn't have that either. We also didn't have a phone in our room. We went for my bachelorette party and were unable to get rooms next to or on the same floor as our friends - okay, we'll deal that's fine - but we needed a phone to call each others rooms/order room service/for emergencies/etc. and there was no phone.... I've never got a hotel room with no phone before, ever. We went down to the front desk and told them, they said they'd put one in, never did, and we had to remind them again. They finally installed a phone in our room and when we went to use it, it had no dial tone and did not work. We went back to the front desk again and this is when they told us that none of the phones work on the 6th floor.. WHY WOULD YOU NOT TELL US THIS THE FIRST 3 TIMES WE CAME DOWN?! We then had to be moved to an entirely different room on a different floor at 12:45 am, which was a pain after we all unpacked already. The room was also dirty and dusty and when opening the bathroom door, the door knob fell completely off. More problems included: our key cards to get into the room did not work which was extremely frustrating, the hallways smelt like mildew and the elevators kept breaking and took forever. It just did not meet our standards and definitely did not feel or look like the same hotel we were looking at online. We had a great time in NOLA and like I said, all of the staff was extremely nice here but I will definitely stay elsewhere the next time I visit.*EXCEPTIONAL SERVICE*
Lobby, Rooms, Gym, Restaurant, Rooftop Pool & Terrace were all AMAZING. However, the most exceptional part of our stay was the SERVICE!!  Level TEN received from all team members.
**PB & J at 10pm was the highlight of the stay**Our first trip to NOLA and this hotel made it memorable. Elegant hotel with white fascade- old fashioned ambiance reminds me of the movie "Titanic". Walkable to the French Quarter (added bonus: walk off all the calories you'll rack up in this city) the service is great- the staff should all get raises! Everyone helpful and cheerful. The lobby was still decked out for Halloween which really matched the hotel's ambiance. I had read that the Le Pavillon was very haunted but no sightings yet. Even the elevator floor indicator was the old fashion type. Every nite we had turn down service- bathrobe laid out, room slippers (compliments of the hotel) set out on a little mat besides the bed, bottled water (the water from the faucet wasn't bad FYI), the crazy good PB&J almond cookies (recipe given out on a little card) and best of all, a peanut butter and jelly sandwich bar in the lobby. There was also 3 types of cold white milk, chocolate milk and hot cocoa! And fruit. And the friendliest, most personable staffer setting everything out. (He was like a celebrity- everyone wanted a pic with him).  Wow!! 
Walking to the French Quarter wasn't bad. You just come out in front, turn left and walk along Poydras st, turn left on Carondelet or St Charles st. Keep going, cross Canal st and voila!, you're in the French Quarter! This is the hotel I'll be recommending to anyone visiting NOLA."Dallas TX Group buys in Le Pavillion Nola in 2015 and is ruining it".  I am going to be kind and give it 3 stars, but wanted to give 2. The good is the location; the history; a few staff (Paula, Adam, Wayne) that understand old fashioned hospitality; the 1st floor old French decor, and pbjs at 10pm. However, the Dallas Group gutted out the floors, hallways and rooms. The French antiques (back to Napoleon times), and paintings are all gone! disappeared! They replaced it with Comfort Inn decor, are you kidding me?
Most of the front desk staff do nor smile, many times do not make eye contact, and looked very bored. They need a training course in Hotel hospitality; that or be forced to read books by Barron Hilton or JW Marriott; or simply get out of the hospitality industry!
Some mysterious pipes made god awful noises early one morning, on and off, for some hours, unexplained. Since they have no rollout beds, we asked for an extra comforter, and I wont go into details what occurred in the 2 hours after that initial request. And one time a rude bored looking waitress at breakfast came screaming out into the lobby after my son. Truly amazing for a Hotel that was once stellar.
Bottom-line: 3rd and final time we stay there. The first 2 times had the Old World French decor, and good customer service, so we could put up with some things. But now that this Dallas TX Group is turning this old NOLA belle into an upscale Comfort Inn inside (except for floor 1 thank goodness), thats to bad, and very sad to see.  
ps - what did you do with all those special antiques that was the charm of the Hotel? Sell them for a profit, or?Excellent staff at this hotel. Nathan was awesome and so was the concierge Robert. Beautiful hotel with a great roof top pool area. I would recommend this over the monteleon which was nice but didn't have free WiFi.Great hotel and historical landmark. Excellent brunch spot on the weekend. I often have breakfast meetings there during the week.I will never return. The biggest concern of mine is your lack of concern for the safety of your guests. Absolutely inexcusableOur check in was a great experience. The Bellman was very friendly, took us to our room and showed us where everything was located. From that point on the stay only went downhill. Our AC wouldn't cool and lower than 73 degrees. It was serviced twice and still wouldn't work properly. Our TV would constantly digitize and cut out. Some channels didn't get signal, yet our friend staying down the hall got all the channels. We were in that room 2 nights before we were relocated to another room. Our room was only serviced once by housekeeping during the entire stay. Before we were relocated we walk into our room only to find only the bathroom light was working. None of the other power was on. It was found a fuse had blown. After power was restored we found the TV wouldn't get any signal. Maintenance swapped the box and still couldn't get it to work. They attempted to move us to another room, a much downgrade room than what we originally had, and paid for. I refused that room so we moved to a different one. That room was smaller but it was better than the last. The remaining 2 nights we spent in that room, we never once received housekeeping service. We had to request it, then tip the housekeeper each time. At this time I am completely fed up with the entire situation. Nothing was really ever done to rectify the situation. We were offered 2 breakfast vouchers, which I refused. So then we were told we'd get a voucher for drinks, which we never received. We didn't let this whole fiasco ruin our trip, but it sure did put a damper on it. All in all I'd say if you're thinking of staying here, skip it and move on.This place rates a 4.  Building is over 100 years old, has a lot of charm, style and character.  Oh if those walls could talk ...
This place is from a bygone era with a lot of dramatic flair.  They serve peanut butter and jelly sandwiches with hot chocolate at 10:00 p.m. free of charge (we did not partake as we had consumed well over our 2,000 calories/day).  The rooms are interesting, detailed brass door handles, unique ceiling and door frames - all in all, a comfortable experience.  Generous supply of towels and good quality linen.This hotel is awful, it just hides under the facade of a "luxury hotel".  The room itself itself was nice but that's where it stops.  The service is awful. First morning I ordered coffee and two waters through room service, it cost $28 and took 2 hours. It finally came right before we walked out the door so I wasn't even able to drink the pot of coffee. Our toilet never worked in our room. We had to call engineering twice due to it not flushing. The housekeeping cleans, takes all the old towels and doesn't leave any new ones.   The towel bar in the shower broke and the housekeeping just set it up against the wall.  Really?!?!?  The second time our toilet wouldn't flush, making us late for our event , I called and asked to speak to a manager. It was Saturday night and they said she wouldn't be back until Monday. The supervisor was on her break and would be back in an hour.  There was seriously no higher level staff member that would speak with me. Absolutely insane. I've stayed in New Orleans many times, stay anywhere else but here.Yep 4 stars for this place. It would of got 5 if the parking wasn't $30.00 a day. The decor is beautiful inside and I would stay there again. 
  Next thing is there peanut butter and jelly sandwiches at night. Oh man that had to have been the best sandwich I've ever made for myself and I only used the regular white bread. I'm bumping it back up to 5 stars just because of the pb&j from 10pm to 11pm. I will be back again if I do make it back to Nola. 
 One more thing I got my reservation on Hotwire for a good price. If you see a 4 1/2 star hotel in the downtown district on Hotwire that might most likely be it. I got it off of the Hotwire app it's a lot easier.Gorgeous Hotel! Truly is the "Belle of New Orleans" The rooftop pool and hot tub, along with the late night PB & J bar make this hotel truly stand out above the rest. Even after a little rockstar debauchery,  the staff was still kind and understanding.  Hopefully they let us stay here again ;)What a difference a year makes. The room we stayed in was dirty. I found a couple of hair balls around the room. I don't have hair so they didn't belong to me nor my husband. Each room isn't equipped the same. This room didn't have a microwave. It would have been nice to get universal amenities. Now you have to call the front desk for ice now. The first time we asked for ice, the guy brought it in a dirty metal bucket with no bag. This hotel use to have glasses in the room, but I guess they weren't apart of the final upgraded touches. They use to have bottled water, but that's not the case. When my husband inquired about buying a few bottles he was told he could buy a case of water for $25. The night clerk was an awesome gem. She has her music blasting, and her face in her phone. My husband stood in front of her for sometime without her noticing him, and he had to give her a HELLO otherwise she wouldn't have ever noticed him. The best people at this hotel are the bellhops. They're always pleasant. The cleaning staff doesn't clean. We usually tip the cleaning staff for taking care of us during our stay, but not this time. The best thing the cleaning ladies did was not disturb me when the sign was on the door. The day shift front desk workers just leave a lot to be desired. They're not bad, but they're most definitely not good either. Lastly they "upgraded" the door locks, but our room door had to be slammed shut. This use to be the hotel that I stayed at when in NOLA, but that's no more. Mediocre is a compliment when describing the current state of this classic hotel. The beauty of the lobby and PB&J are not enough for me to come back. They should change the name to the Hotel Formerly Known as LePavillion.The only thing preventing me from giving this hotel five stars is that our 9th floor room was a little generic and bland.  But then again, it does have a lot to life up to, with the fabulous lobby, dining room, exterior, and bar area.  Service was also top notch.
Really, for the price we were able to get on priceline, you could not find better.