Great Vegetarian Choices, Addictively Delicious Hummus
Great Middle Eastern gem on Carrollton. Loved the large plates. We had a vegetarian plate brimming with hummus, baba ganuj, falafel and tabouleh and a kibby plate that came with salad and hummus. The hummus is so fresh and delicious. Only letdown was that the pita bread did not seem fresh. Would definitely go back to try something else on their very extensive Middle Eastern menu.Lebanon's is one of my favorite spots in the Uptown area of New Orleans.  Good prices and delicious food.  For a drink I highly suggest their lebanese tea that has pine nuts in it.  As far as the food goes, you really can't go wrong but I often go for the chicken shawarma with extra hummus!I usually come in here for takeout. The atmosphere is nice, and the wait staff are professional. The service is speedy and accurate. Good eat!We could not say enough about Lebanon's Cafe!  Absolutely loved this place!  We visited it once on the first day of our trip to NOLA and again on the last day.  If there weren't so many awesome places to eat in town we would have visited more often.
We arrived in town late on Friday night and were starving so decided to take the streetcar down the line to see what was good.  Lebanon's Cafe seemed to be the most lively so we stopped in.  Omg, it was like a whole other world in there!  Very vibrant, young crowd drinking wine and laughing.  It was so warm and friendly.  They were short staffed and bumpin' busy, but we didn't mind.
Both times we rocked the bathenjan dip (which I am totally going to recreate at home... that is a sexy starter), then also ordered a spinach pie (on special), fattoush, eggplant sandwich, sautéed vegetable plate and chicken tecka.  Honestly, everything was a home run for us.  The flavours, portion sizes, the time it took to receive food at the table, the freshness, everything was spot on!This is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans/most places. The food is always delicious no matter what you get. The hummus is amazing. The chicken shwarma is fantastic. I mean, everything wins right down to the Jordan almond at the end of the meal. It's BYOB, there is great outdoor seating, and the prices are great. I've been here a million times and its always the best! I'm actually mad I'm not there right now.It's simple, delicious , and FRESH...(the most important to me). It seems authentic to me...though I have never been to the Middle East :)Have never gotten a bad meal here in 15 or so years. Always fresh, flavor is consistent, and waitstaff is attentive.I ate at Cleopatra's last night and though the lamb kabob was delicious, the baba ganouj left me wanting better. Lebanon did NOT disappoint. The traditional tea was delicious - a little sweet - but the rose water was over the top! We will be back. :)Eat here almost any time I'm in this side of town.  Hummus is mild, creamy, and delicious.  My "no spicy food" kid would lick the plate if I let her.  Shrimp salad, schwarma sandwiches, and yogurt&cucumber salad are my favorites.  The ice tea with pine nuts is realllly good.If i could eat here for breakfast lunch and dinner i would.  Best hummus best falafle best lentle soup you will ever have. Highly recommended.Lebanon's Cafe was my choice for dinner a few nights ago and to say the least, I left a very full, very satisfied customer. For appetizers we ordered a couple spinach Filos (which was a first for me) and they were incredible. Without question, once I spotted the lamb chops on the menu I knew that was what I was going to order for my entree. The lamb came medium rare on a bed of green beans and tomatoes and it did not disappoint. One great thing about this place is the amount of food you get. Accompanying the lamb was hummus and a salad that tasted very fresh. Lebanon's has a great, friendly, laid back atmosphere and has the taste of a fine dining restaurant. Don't forget to try their Lebanese tea!Lebanon's is in an area with various types of restaurants surrounding it, so it has to be good if people are choosing it over their other options. 
On a Friday night it will be busy, and therefore, a little on the loud side.
We visited Lebanon's last night with a group of seventeen people. I don't think they are used to big groups, as the cleared off tables you could tell the waitress was flustered. Groups of more than four cannot sit outside because the tables are bolted to the sidewalk and it would confuse their wait staff system. So, all seventeen of us went inside. The waitress first showed us to a table meant for far fewer people and then walked away. So we had to awkwardly had to wait until she returned to ask if we could move other tables and chairs to ours. Definitely losing stars there. 
But, finally, we were all seated together and ready to open our wines. The waiters don't bring waters unless you ask so be sure to ask. It is a BYOB place so we all got to opening the wine bottles. The waitress came back and seemed annoyed to have to ask us for our orders. She actually missed one person's order completely and he had to chase her down.
The menu is typical Mediterranean/Lebanese food. I expected more vegetarian options, but I was happy with the few they had. Most people ordered plates of chicken, beef, or lamb (or all three!) with hummus and a little side salad. I was tempted by the eggplant sandwich but ended up with the falafel sandwich. The eggplant (which a friend ordered) came on po'boy bread and was very tasty. The falafel came on traditional lavash. The taste of the falafel was great- soft and spiced inside, crisp outside. But the wrap only had some lettuce and a bit of hummus inside. I was missing the tomatoes and onions. Oh well, I would definitely go back for the falafel. I've also gotta say the falafel was the best priced dinner item. Meat options and even the eggplant was around $7, but the falafel sandwich was $4.50.   
We continued to open wines and then, because it was a friend's birthday, we asked for a candle and lighter to stick in the brownies I had brought. The waitress was okay with us bringing our own dessert and brought out the candle/lighter discretely- making up for the awkwardness earlier. 
Overall, a cheap, easy, familiar Lebanese restaurant. I really enjoyed my falafel, but my Lebanese friend's family makes the food a little tastier than what I had here.Decent food. Big portions and good prices. I got the chicken shawarma that came with hummus, pita bread and a Greek salad. Everything was seasoned decently. Nothing to absolutely rave about but I'd come back.This was my first experience with Lebanese food and I thought it was fantastic. We went with friends who eat there regularly and everything we ate was great. We ended up going back again over the weekend. Love the byob and no corking fee.Lebanon's is as good as Mona's and a far superior choice over its cousin Babylon Cafe a few blocks away on Maple.  The eggplant sandwiches are superb, and the hummus and falaffel are better than Mona's.  The tahini here is the best i've ever had.Love the beef schwarma and falafel!  The hummus is perfect with just a touch of acidity.  There is never a wait for a table.  Hubby always gets the Lebanese tea.  It is so fragrant and refreshing. 
The only thing that gets me is that they could stand to dust and clean the window ledges of dead insects.  I just try to turn a blind eye since the food is so delicious.I go here about once every two weeks and love it. Great food, good service and pretty cheap. It's also really fun to bring a big group and it is BYOB. The musaha appetizer is delicious!Best felafel in town. Best hummus in town. Great service, easy atmosphere. Walking distance from my house but I'd drive across town to eat here. Lots of veggie options. Very authentic. We took a friend from Jordan here and he even said it was very good. The soup is simple and filling. The hummus is not oily, dry or watery.. It's really just creamy and perfect. I adore this place. However I do wish the tea wasn't quite as syrupy sweet... So I just water it down. Love this place. Great spot in the neighborhood. Way better than Monas!This was part of a three-part weekend adventure into NOLA's Middle Eastern offerings, and was by far the best of the three places we tried. Lebanon's was the most flavorful, most authentic, and the best option for the price and quality of food. 
As a native Middle Easterner, I'm always looking for flavorful meat and homemade hummus, and I got both here at Lebanon's. Two of us shared the zatar bread, halloumi cheese, and the combination platter, which came with chicken, beef and lamb, plus a small side salad and hummus. If there are two of you and you're not incredible hungry, sharing food is the way to go. We saw a number of people taking their food with them when they went - a good sign!
The hummus was wonderfully lemony, and had a slight kick to it. The portions of the mean were excellent, and I definitely appreciated that the spices on each meat were different - this was not just thrown together. Everything was fresh and the service was lovely. Of the three places that we tried this weekend, this was by far the best option, and I would absolutely bring my Middle Eastern family here if they visited. A great place for lunch or dinner!This is a great place for your first foray into Middle Eastern cuisine! I was absolutely craving kebabs and hummus this weekend, so I went on a binge throughout NOLa and hit up Tal's Hummus, Lebanon's Cafe, and Mona's Cafe. Lebanon's Cafe would be my first recommendation if anyone asked. The restaurant has a nice vibe, the service was great, and the food made me feel like I was back in the Middle East. 
We started our meal with zatar and halloumi. The halloumi (a fried cheese) was good, but the zatar was spot on perfection. Zatar is a blend of seasonings (generally thyme, sesame, sumac) that is put over bread. Mona's serves theirs with yogurt and it very good. If you are a fan of zatar, I'd recommend.
For our main course we got the combination kebab platter. The hummus was easily the star of it. Its been the best hummus I've had in the city. More lemony than the hummus I'm used to, but it worked and was excellent. The meats themselves were all solid - nicely flavored and not overcooked in any way. If you are looking to try a little bit of everything, the combination platter is what you are looking for.  Overall, a great casual spot for authentic food that won't burn a hole in your wallet.First time here and it was pretty dang good! Parking was pretty rough, we had to park a block or so away but it was no big deal. The weather was fantastic tonight! My friends and I walked in and the place was packed, both inside and outside. The sign signaled for us to seat ourselves at any clean table. We sat and a server came within 5 minutes or so to take our drink orders. My 2 friends tried the Lebanese tea, which I did not like as it tasted like rose. It's made with sweet tea and rose infused water. I didn't have a taste for the rose water. We decided to start off with some apps; tabouleh, falafel, and spinach and artichoke dip. The spinach and artichoke dip was AMAZING. It was so flavorful and plain cheesy goodness. It was served with pita bread triangles. I'd recommend it. The falafel was good, sauce was on point but the falafel itself was a bit too salty for me. I still enjoyed it either way. I didn't care for the tabouleh. I've had it at other places but I couldn't tell why I didn't like this one. The texture was different for me and it was a bit sour, as I'm sure it's supposed to be. I would pass on this. For entrees we each ordered a plate that had your choices of meat and it came with a side of hummus and salad. You could substitute for rice if you wanted to, which I did and I do not regret. I had the beef shish kabob, my friends ordered the chicken shawarma/gyro combo and shish kabob combination. I refused to try any lamb so I would not be able to tell you how that tasted. My friends said it was tender and juicy otherwise. The beef I had was cooked nicely, not tough and had a nice flavor. It wasn't dry at all. The chicken was a little dry, but I can't complain. It was still good. Hummus was on point, but I wasn't feeling it so my friend finished mine. The rice was good enough for me, as well as the beef kabob. The portion was pretty large, so that's a plus. I'd come here again for sure, as it was my first time, it won't be my last.I had take out. My friend had the chicken shawarma and I had the chicken teka. Everything was delicious. The servings are huge. Neither one of us ate half of our meals. The only thing I can say is that the falafel was a bit over fried to make it my favorite but still very deliciousThis is my favorite place for Mediterranean, I just like the way it's done here. The facilities could be better which would make it five star, seating is a little crowded in an old building and the curbside seating is not very comfortable either...
But the food quality is there.I really like Lebanon.  One thing that I can definitely say is it's consistent.  That's important to me.  It may not be the very best Mediterranean in the city, but I know it's always going to be good.
Atmosphere:  A
Plenty of nice outdoor seating under a canopy.
Service: A
I've always had good, efficient service.
Food:   B
As I've said, the food doesn't blow me away, but it's consistently good.
Value:  A+
The prices are very reasonable.  The best value is a schwarma sandwich for $6.99.
NOTE:  BYOB with nor corkage fee make this an excellent, and reasonably date night.I've eaten at Lebanon's about a dozen times since moving to New Orleans in August! It's very close to my house and I really have never been disappointed. In the summer they blast the AC though so I would definitely suggest sitting outside. 
Everything I have eaten here has been delicious, but my go-to dish is the shrimp kebab. I tried the beef shawarma once but found the meat to be extremely chewy which did not sit well with me despite having great flavor. The hummus and tabouleh are also some of my favorite sides. And I do love that they allow for BYOB and do not charge a corkage fee! Since writing this review I have tried the beef shawarma 3 more times and the meat has been PERFECT! It must have been an off night the first time. 
Sometimes when they are busy the service can be lacking...it seems that the servers work as a group and sometimes can forget about a table or two but overall Lebanon's is definitely one of my favorite spots, and I love that it is very veg friendly!!!Very very good restaurant. My best was the Kebba and the way the cook the lamb kebabs... Excellent authentic food ..Do not miss it!Beyond amazing food this is the best food in New Orleans.  We were so glad that we saw this place while on the trolley.   The fried cauliflower on hummus with pomegranate sauce was our favorite. Service was also excellent.Really great flavors and atmosphere. Must try the Lebanese tea to drink and the gyro. Meat is very tender and I've never had a gyro with both hummus and tatziki sauce on it. Not from New Orleans but next time I visit my brother, I will definitely be returning to try more items.This place makes me the happy. Their food is delicious, the prices are decent, and you get a very, very full plate. Which leads to a very, very happy tummy. And leftovers. Which means future happiness. How can you go wrong???? This place is vegetarian-friendly, and their lebanese iced tea that actually has rose water in it. .... SO. GOOOOD.Lebanon's got value going for them, that's for sure.  For $12-$14, you can get a large chicken, beef or lamb plate, with a big size of hummus, pita and a side salad.  Not what I am used to coming from NYC...
Not only are the portions huge, but the food is very good.  Sometimes, the chicken is slightly dry, but overall the food is fresh and tasty.  Some of my favorites include the Chicken Kabob and Chicken Tecka.There are some restaurants that you go back to and you remember the food being a lot better before. Then there's restaurants like Lebanon's Cafe, in which the next visit not only doesn't disappoint your hopes, but it actually gets better and better.
My most recent visit was for my boyfriend's birthday. Last minute planning on my part (I'm a horrible gf, I know) and I couldn't find a reservation for a party 7 anywhere. So we just picked where we wanted to go, reservations or not, and decided on Lebanon's. (My boyfriend had a serious hang over the entire day and wanted something refreshing!). 
When we got there, on a Saturday night, the place was definitely busy but the line was moving. We didn't have to wait very long, but the hostess kept checking on us, assuring us not much longer. 
This place is great for groups!! They accommodated us very well and we all LOVED our dinner plates. Their dinner plates come with a meat entree, a salad, hummus, and pita bread-- all incredibly tasty. Worth every penny and you'll lick the plate clean for all its hummus. No joke.
It has a very lively environment, where everyone is just enjoying their food and their group's company. I'm glad it's big because from the looks of it they hosts large groups often. The waitress was very nice and refilled our water (which I appreciate so much!) a bunch of times. She accepted 6 different credit cards to split the check with no problem! 
I did drop the ball (again!) by forgetting it is BYOB, but thankfully one of our friends brought a pack and another one went to the store close by.  
All in all, we all had a wonderful time and everyone was happy that we decided on Lebanon's. Definitely on everyone's lists of favorites! Yay for my redemption and I may not be such a horrible gf after all!I ordered the chicken schwarma plate, the food was hot but the hummus was a little tangy, i have been to other places and tested hummus but was not ever familiar with it tasting tangy. Over all the food was OK. One thing that was really a disappointment was that the nan that they served was NOT home made, so lacked character. I also ordered the Lebanese tea and was good, tasted like Lipton instant tea with rosewater.Recently, I decided to stop going to Mona's because I feel the quality of the food is declining.  I made the trek over to Lebanon on Sunday and it was very busy.  The service was understandably slow, but the food was excellent.  Flavorful, fresh, and reasonably priced. This is my new "go to" for Middle Eastern.  The "chef's special" appetizer has all the usual suspects, and they are all really good.  I think their lebna and their tabbouleh is the best I have ever had.I love Lebanon's. I have definitely been converted from a Mona's regular to a Lebanon's regular.  
The reason:  the dolmades.  As far as I'm concerned they might as well be spiking the tzatziki with crack, the dolmades are THAT good.  Maybe the best I've had. 
Everything I've had on the menu is great.  My usual is a gyro. I'm always embarrassed to order it because I pronounce gyro the way they do in the west which is definitely not normal here.  But hey, I stick to my guns....I'm willing to suffer for my deliciousness.
Service can be a bit slow, but that's how people roll in this city, no big deal.
tip: byobWent to Lebanon's again a few nights ago. Very good as I remembered. Salad was particularly good with a very light lemon and olive oil dressing. Tasty.I wish I could give this place 10 stars. I'm not even joking.
I don't even live in New Orleans. I was just visiting NOLA for a job interview. I was literally here for less than 24 hours and I came here twice because the food is simply outstanding.
I got a beef kebob sandwich on my first visit. Words can't really describe how good the sandwich was. The taziki sauce here actually tastes like sesame. The meat tasted amazing. Falafel and hummus were also to die for. 
I consider myself pretty well traveled.  I've lived in ethnically diverse cities like Houston, NYC, and Atlanta. I've also eaten places like le atelier de joel robuchon.  I know what good food tastes like. I thought I've had really good middle eastern food before until I tried this place. Total game changer. I've seriously never had middle eastern food this good. 
A restaurant like this makes tomorrow worth living. I'm hoping to re-visit this place in the near future.FOOD? 
The menu offers a wide selection of options, so depending on what you're in the mood for, you have some pretty good choices to pick from.
QUALITY?
This was our 3rd visit here and all 3 times the food arrived somewhat slow. Not sure why, because the people at the table next to us came in 15 minutes after us and ordered almost the exactly the same thing, and yet received their food almost 10 minutes ahead of us. WTF? o_O
TASTE? 
I've had better Hummus at a number of other places. It was just too watery and runny. Hummus should never be watery and runny. The Falafel was good, the Baba Ghannoush was a bit bland, and the Lamb Shawarma was very dry and overcooked this time around.
LOCATION?
It's easy to find and spot while driving down S Carrollton Ave.
PARKING?
On street only. No parking lot. You can usually find a parking spot on the street surrounding it with no problems though.
SERVICE?
This is a toss-up. While the Hot Russian waitress was, well... HOT, she was somewhat inattentive this time around (but flirted nonstop on our 2nd visit). On more than one occassion during our 3rd visit, I had to get up and go look for her when we needed drink refills, napkins, etc. I found her playing with her iPhone each time. It got to the point where I decided to just refill my own damn drink and not even bother asking anyone else for help. The staff looked at me funny, but didn't say a word to me as I refilled our drinks twice.
CLEANLINESS? 
This is iffy. Sometimes it's really clean, and sometimes you have to wait for 10 minutes while the wait-staff argues with each other and decide who is going to clean the tables, chairs, and floors. Very unprofessional.
SAFETY?
Pretty safe area. No problems in all our 3 visits here.
ATMOSPHERE?
Overall quite good. The BYOB thing was a bit different, but will save you money if you want to drink while dining here. I didn't know about the BYOB on our 1st and 2nd visit but found out about it on our 3rd.
PRICE?
Fairly decent prices. Nothing really over the top.
My biggest complaint here is the situation with substitutions. They simply don't want to do it, even when you're asking for something that is CHEAPER than the more expensive item that comes with it.
Someone also REALLY needs to explain to the owner and wait-staff that some people have food allergies and prefer to NOT subject themselves to allergic reactions, and when asking for substitutions, just do it to keep the customer happy and coming back.
Also, charging me an additional fee for my substitution WITHOUT informing me about it was pretty damn uncool. 
We still haven't decided if we're going to visit here again after this last fiasco...Nice Place, Mediocre Food
Out of curiosity, I went here after looking over the menu online and ordered Hummus with Lamb Meat seeing that a locale food critic recommended it. I'm not a big fan of lamb, but have had lamb chops which I like, so I ordered this dish which consists of Lamb seasoned with chef style spices then sautéed with onions & tomatoes, served on a generous bed of hummus.  The humus lacked that thick pasty consistency and the rest of the dish was just mediocre. The cabbage beef rolls appetizer was very tasty, however. The only other issue I had was the parking which is on the street in a residential area which may result in a long walk to the restaurant or risk getting a parking fine. There's seating outside as well in the scenic area of S. Carrolton Avenue with many old oak trees and the familiar streetcars of New Orleans.This place is delicious. I didn't know what to expect since I never had Lebanese food before. I started off simple with the chicken kabobs plate. It came with salad, pita bread, and chicken with vegetables. I also had the Lebanese rose water. Amazing! Food came out fast and the service was pretty good. Would recommend!The best hummus and middle eastern food in NOLA by far. The chicken is amazing. Hummus is best I've ever had.I always leave this place feeling satisfied and full. Really, it's one of those places that I'll miss if I ever leave this city. 
For starters, I always get the musaka and spinach filo. I used to get the samosas when they had it as one of the specials, and the sauce for that was sublime. On my most recent visit, the server let us know that the musaka is now served at room temp, and offered to heat it up for us in case that was what we were used to, and I thought that was so generous! I can't be surprised if they used a microwave for that, but it was still delicious and I didn't mind. (On a side note, she probably got a few complaints with the way it now comes so she was saving her own behind, but she handled it perfectly by warning us for our future visits.) So when we get this app, they bring the pita with it as well and together they are phenomenal. The filo always comes out crispy and is served with lebna, amounting to a favorable savory, tasty texture. 
As my for my entree, I always get the beef shwarma and sometimes I'd add a side of basmati rice if I'm really hungry. All of this with a lentil soup is enough for my husband and I to share. What a deal! The soup stays hot throughout the meal because of the cutesy yet practical vessel it's served in, and I mix in some chili paste to give it a spicy pizzazz. 
Remember to down your meal with that famous Lebanese tea with the little pine nuts floating on top. It's so refreshing and makes for a good palate cleanser. My dumbotron sister said it tastes like potpourri but what does she know. Like, how do you know what potpourri even tastes like? 
Anyway, I've tried multiple Mediterranean spots around town and I must say that this tops all of them for me, and is one of my favorite places to eat with dishes that I get a hankering for every now and again. If only it were closer to my home I'd eat here more often. But if I were in the neighborhood, it's definitely one of my top picks to dine in at. 
Also, it's byob so it plainly works for a casual date night. Parking is kind of hard to find but the streetcar stop is right there for people coming on foot. Try to get a window seat if you like people watching and if you have a dog, there's a nice patio out front. This place is always bustling and the food here demonstrates why. Service is always efficient and our servers are usually sweet. Have I ranted enough good things about this place? You need to check this place out if you haven't.Another happy face and all it took was to get the heck out of Vierre Carre away from the rip-the-tourist-off mentality and into your trusty neighborhood make it good or forget it local eatery. Great kabobs, hummus good a bit salty, noisy atmosphere. service prompt friendly and attentive. Good Job Lebanons!The kabobs are great, as are everything else I've tried. I also really dig their Lebanese tea. Good service and value as well.I love this restaurant do much! I always get the chicken swarma and hummus. The Lebanese tea is sooo good! I would go just for the tea any day!!My first visit with a group of friends and we all really liked everything at the table, and we sampled quite a variety.  The service was good, prices fair, and atmosphere pleasant.  I will definitely return!We loved the food here so much, we came for lunch two days in a row. And that's a lot to say for New Orleans, where there is good food on every corner. 
We tried the vegetarian lentil soup, which was very good and tasted like split pea. The group absolutely loved the 6 cheese artichoke appetizer and the halloumi appetizer. The falafel platter (vegan) and the vegetarian entree (vegetarian) were both delicious. The meat eaters in the group were happy with the shwarma entrees, although the gyro was a little light on the meat. Trying the hummus is a must--it's so fresh and you taste the lemony accents. It's hands down the best fresh hummus I've ever tried. 
I definitely recommend this place, especially when in NOLA with a mix of vegans and meat-lovers.I rarely write reviews especially bad ones but I have to put this out there - the service here has gone downhill for me. The food is still delish and they've stepped up their game with their specials. But! The last time I went there the waitress dropped off the food and literally did not come back to our table for another hour. Btw it wasn't busy and we were her only table. We also had a lot of food we wanted to order for to-go and because she forgot about us we had to wait even longer. If we had called in on the phone instead of sitting there waiting for her, we could've gotten our food faster  but yeah lately the service has been bad for me and they really need to retrain this one waitress in particular.This was my first experience with Lebanese food and it was delicious. Their homemade hummus was very good. And the waitress was very gracious despite the fact that my daughter had a total meltdown in the middle of dinner.My husband and I tried this place for the first time today and it was AMAZING! We absolutely loved it! We had the mini pizzas for an appetizer. I had the chicken kabob plate and my husband had the beef shawermma plate. Both were really good. The plates are a nice size, and come with hummus which was delicious, and salad. The service is great, and the decor is very nice. It was a nice relaxing atmosphere, and we really enjoyed it. We will definitely be back!Falafel is really good, not too bitter, and the Lebanese iced tea is a real winner. Who knew pine nuts in a drink would be so fun. It's like bobbing for tiny, expensive apples. The hummus was very nice, creamy and not overly garlicky. 
The service is a bit slow, so don't eat here if you're in a rush. Also, I haven't eaten here when the universities are in session, so not sure how crowded it gets most of the year. But beware because it is in that Carrollton corridor, so it could get cramped.Take me back to Beit Sahour and Bethlehem in the Westbank! These folks make home made pita bread. The flavors are wonderful.  I will be back.One of my favorite cuisines at its best.  Lebanon's came recommended after a tough day of house hunting.  Right on Carrollton, it's an ideal location for a Saturday afternoon meal on Lebanon's sidewalk dining.  I had the chicken kabob sandwich and hubby had the gyro sandwich, we shared a huge Greek salad.
Classic, simple, fresh, satisfying, tasty Mediterranean food.  The Greek dressing was mostly a red wine vinegar and it was so delicious, perfectly dressed and not a bit overwhelming.  
My chicken kabob sandwich was the kabomb!  Probably one of the best flavored poultry dishes I've ever had.  The grilled onions, herbs and seasoning were right on.  Of course, I let hubby taste my kabob and he said he liked it better than his gyro (never a fan of gyros, but it was well seasoned and had a great flavor).  
Lebanon's is a keeper and will be my go to for Mediterranean.Best Mediterranean food in NOLA. This is our go to lunch spot.
My wife isn't an adventurous eater but ever since I brought her here she can't wait to get back and usually suggest it.Food was delicious, a reasonable price for the amount of food they sell. Service could've been better, but I would love to go back.Mediterranean in the city!  The eggplant sandwich is just absolutely delicious! My husband & I usually get that as well as the Chef special & it's more than enough food. The gyros here are also really good! You can't go wrong with anything you get here.Great food!!! I'm a regular customer and dine here quite often. It's always my first choice when I am in the area. 
Beef shawarma and chicken kabob are my favorite dishes.I moved to NOLA from NYC, and one of the (few!) things I miss about New York is the numerous fantastic middle eastern joints in my old 'hood. 
But hallelujah, theres LEBANON, satisfying my cravings for hummus, shwarma, and falafel and serving up food that is tasty as hell. 
This is one of my favorite neighborhood spots for a cheap, flavorful and easy meal. I like that the food comes out pretty quickly, theres almost never a wait for a table and they're open on Sunday nights. Some nights, you just want a delish dinner without any fuss, and Lebanon is my go-to. I tend to come here after jazz fest, when all the other restaurants in the city are packed. 
BYOB without a corkage fee is great! But I love the Lebanese iced tea so much that I usually skip the booze and order a tea instead.Can't beat this place for quality of food and the cost!  I've visited nearly every major city in the United States and have yet to find another "Mediterranean" style restaurant that comes close to Lebanon's.  The waitstaff here seems to cycle through quickly but I've always received prompt quick service each and I ever time I visit.  They don't serve alcohol but you can bring your own beer or wine.Awesome food. Every time!  Their chicken kabob is marinated awesomely and so very moist.  The pita is warm and the hummus amazing. Quick service, great food. Best Mediterranean food in NOLA.I've been going to Lebanon's for over a decade. I LOVE the fact that I always know what I'm getting there. Their menu is consistent, authentic, and original. Must haves are: the Lebanese Iced Tea, Musaha, Lamb, & chicken dishes. Wish they played good Lebanese music there. That's my only complaint.Who knew New Orleans had GREAT lebanese/middle eastern food? Not me! This is a great place to sit and eat for brunch or lunch. It's a place I used to frequent often. Great hummus, try their special tea - it tastes like roses, lemon and honey. Difficult to describe, but it's delicious! I also love their Chicken Shawarma  as a salad or with pita bread and hummus. Great falafels and gyros, as well. You get very generous portions on their dinner menu, too. 
Wonderful waiters. There's no wow factor indoors, but it has a nice and cozy outdoor patio.I don't know if it's the nostalgia of the places I ate at in Greenwich Village thirty years ago, or the fact that I seem to gravitate to college haunts, but Lebanon's is a café I seek out whenever I visit  New Orleans.  
The food is good -- a 3.75, rounded up to 4 -- prices are fair, and the place is  hoppin' with Tulane students.  T. and I both ordered versions of the gyro; me the salad, he the platter.  A suggestion to the chef:  jazz up the salad: some olives, pepperoncini, dolmades and an anchovy or two would be great.  We shared an order of samosas, which had a different bent than Indian samosas-- but very tasty.
I notice that some reviews comment about slow service, but we haven't experienced that at all.  Our waitress, a student from Loyola, was great.  Plus -- to be fair --  it appears that most of the people there are hanging out with friends, and making an evening of it.
If you favor middle eastern cafes, you might like Lebanon's.This place is a favorite for our family. The service is good. Food is consistently delicious over the many years we have eaten here. Lebanons has the best falafels in town. 
We prefer the outside tables. Inside gets a little noisy.I've had their falafel several times now and it's always very dense (as opposed to Mona's, which is much lighter)... Others seem to love their falafel, so my question to Middle Eastern food enthusiasts: Is dense falafel a desired trait? 
On the flip side, while I'm in comparison mode: It's pricier, but Lebanon uses a better grade of beef for their schwarma than Mona's. It's delicious, always.I have an interesting relationship with Lebanon's.  When the food is good, it is great.  The Lula kabob is a crowd favorite and for good reason, though the portion size and level of doneness on the lamb seem to vary according to the phases of the moon or some other arcane schedule I haven't yet figured out.  The sauteed veggie plate is simply brilliant - a clay plate of seasoned rice covered in veggies which are in turn covered in several types of cheese, the whole of which is then baked and served hot enough to burn the daylights out of anyone unwittingly grabbing the plate.  One of the best dishes I have had anywhere - delicious, simple, consistent, rich.  The rest of the food is straightforward Middle Eastern - they don't make their pita in house, and the staples like hummus and baba ghanoush are solid but not exciting.  "Best Middle Eastern food in New Orleans" is a pretty fair review from anyone who hasn't been to the Courtyard Grill, though I would point out that this city is far from being a mecca (no pun intended) of great restaurants in that category.
Lebanon's biggest flaw is easily the service.  Sometimes you get an attentive waitress (not to sound sexist, I have just never seen a male member of the waitstaff there) and all is well - sometimes you sit outside on the patio for twenty minutes before leaving in disgust, having watched a server languidly stroll by your table one too many times while you wait for your water and the privilege of placing your order - a situation which has played itself out exactly that way, without exaggeration, the last two times I tried to have lunch there.  I don't know, maybe it's me - maybe I seemed so engrossed in my Kindle that they were hesitant to break my concentration, despite my flagging down servers and being told it would be just a moment for the right person (based on the restaurant's system of servers apparently alternating tables as people arrive, rather than being responsible for an area) to come help me.  All I know is that I used to find myself at Lebanon's once a week, and at this point I am not sure if I will bother going back.  Mona's down the road isn't quite as exciting food-wise, but I have never had trouble getting someone to give me a menu.Simply put, some of the best Lebanese/ Middle Eastern food in the city. I've never left dissatisfied after having their consistently delicious falafels and absolutely mouth watering hummus with lamb meat entree.
Also, don't forget, this place is BYOB! Which in my opinion, is such a lovely find if you have been craving to pair that awesome bottle of wine lying around in your house with something but aren't in the mood for eating out of take out boxes. 
Can't wait to return! I'm already hungry just thinking about this place.Every time I'm back in NOLA I have to come here. The food is amazing and I think it's the best gyro outside of Greece. The portions are huge and the taste is better. 
Must visit if in New OrleansA decent Middle Eastern restaurant (I wouldn't say this is "Greek" food) with very flavorful dishes. 
Food: The food was very flavorful. We had the falafel app which was great, though fried really hard and drowned with spices. It still tasted fresh. The hummus was alright. I think that Lebanon's Cafe puts too much lemon -- but if the sour taste is good for you then definitely go here. The lamb dishes tasted like they were once frozen, but the chicken schwarma was really good.
Service: The service is sub-par and one of the reasons that this place is getting 4 stars. Our waitress brought us a diet coke instead of coke, forgot the straws the second time, and did not stop at our table again until we got our food and then the check. Service was also very slow.I've been here twice, it's a neighborhood restaurant within walking distance from my place and I'm lucky for that.  
The food is wonderful and staff is casual and friendly.  Bring your own wine bottle and share with friends.  Perfect atmosphere and outside dining along beautiful South Carrollton.The atmosphere... That, and the food, obviously, is why I come here.  They have 7 tables outside for street side dinning.  Listening to the streetcars rumble and clatter by, the runners going up and down St. Charles, and the quiet giggles and talking of the other patrons make the outside dinning so peaceful; almost meditative.    
Now: on to the food.  The baba ganuj, complete with warm fresh pita is a good start to any meal.  The lamb kabob is excellent.  You can taste the freshness of the meat and spices. They have a good basmati rice, and the Lebanese tea always hits the spot!  
The new menu prices are a bit steep for this type of fare, in my opinion.  The service here is abysmal at best! The waitstaff is lacking in the necessary attention to their tables that this city demands on a daily basis. This, and the higher prices, are the only cons against the restaurant that I can see.  Enjoy!Always good, this is one of my neighborhood go-to restaurants.  Their approach to gyro meat is uncharacteristically moist and flavorful; better than anything I've had in NYC.  Huge fan of the chicken tekka (ask for it moist).  Almost everything is homemade and tastes that way.  Beef and chicken shawarma are well spiced, but too dry.  Likewise the kabobs.  Unfortunately, the lamb isn't slow-cooked and, therefore, is tough.  Highly recommend the stuffed cabbage.I really don't understand why this place was so many positive reviews. Perhaps because there are not many good Mediterranean restaurants in NOLA?? I really disappointed with the hummus. That's such a simple dish but mine was drenched in lemon juice. I'm almost convinced it wasn't made from scratch. Also, the pita bread was store bought. Not authentic at all. The only reason I didn't give it two stars is because the beef shish kabob and lebanon ice tea was good.The owner is a huge jackass. First he wanted to charge my friends $2 for extra pine nuts in their Lebanese tea.
Then I tried to sub yogurt and cucumber salad for tabouleh on my vegetarian plate. The owner informed me that it would be $2 to sub despite the fact that the tabouleh and salad are listed at $3.99 on the menu and the fact that I am allergic to tomatoes. The menu also says nothing about an extra charge for substituions.
The owner chose to fight over this $2 and lost $75 in return since we walked out. Therefore, a restaurant I frequented in the past will now become one I never visit again. Terrible customer service.Excellent food all round, but if you like your meats on the rare side of medium well be sure to mention it. They had a period where the meats were all cooked to perfection, now they tend to the done side. The fattoush, hummus, and eggplant are excellent. Excellent sandwiches.This place really did not cut it for authentic Lebanese food. We visited around lunch time so they were pretty busy. It took close to half an hour to receive our food and the appetizer was still cold. Definitely would not recommend going there.Food was great! Had the combination plate with beef, lamb & chicken. Will be back soon. Sat outside & service was great.everything was fresh, tasty, perfectly seasoned. the chicken shawarma platter was PERFECT..beautiful greens, delicious hummus, and tender, juicy chicken. mmmm,  i want to go back again just thinking about it.This is my favorite Mediterranean restaurant in New Orleans. The hummus is perfection- creamy and a little tart. The sautéed vegetarian plate is a favorite. Lots of veggies, rice, and melted cheese oven baked. I used to always order the chicken shwarmara and as much as I love the flavor of the chicken it always has a lot of fat on it so I spend a lot of time cutting all of that off and then you end up with 1/2 the portion. So if I go the chicken route I'll get the kabob plate. I'm also obsessed with their basmati rice- it's very simple but so good!Holy Falafel Balls!!!! I write this review mere moments after the celestial deliciousness of my sandwich has been fully consumed...It's still churning happily in my stomach, the magic that ensued once the Shawarma Sandwich that I ordered hit my lips was too urgent for me to not instantly sign into yelp and share my news with the entire world. If the way this sandwich made me feel were a scene from a movie, I would say it would be a hybrid between the restaurant scene of "When Harry Met Sally" and the scene in "Titanic" when Leo Decaprio is mounting the front of the ship screaming "I'M KING OF THE WORLD!!!" 
The amounts of pleasure that I derived from this delectable creation sculpted by the hands of a god, or maybe some man named Abdullah, is nearly obscene. I fear as though maybe their secret ingredient could possibly be a few crushed up Ecstasy pills that they add into the marinade..My pupils might just be dilated as I type this and I have a relaxed, after-sex-coma glow about myself...FROM A SANDWICH. Lol...I need to lay in bed and have a cigarette- even though I don't smoke. It was that epic. 
So needless to say, this place is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED by me. That was hands down on my list of top 5 greatest, most successful, most satisfying life decisions that I have made in my quarter-century long quest of awesomeness. Please. Stop what you are doing at this very moment and rush to Lebanon's Cafe to shove something...ANYTHING..off of their menu down your throat...and if you don't know what to order..then order the Shawarma Sammich!!!! and if you find yourself saying "but I just ate..I'm full" Well...then my advice to you is to extend your index finger, insert it into your mouth, and barf up whatever disgrace of a meal you just indulged in so you can clear the way for one hell of a godly experience. LOL..
P.s please excuse any run-on sentences that this post may contain, i'm still high off Shawarma....Best falafels ever! Awesome, juicy chicken. In shock and awe! Definitely will return soon.Lebanon's has always been a step above the other middle eastern in the area (all of which are amazing)
The Lebanese tea with pine-nuts- yum. Mint iced tea. 
The hummus is so delicious. Perfect consistency with a ton of flavor. 
I get the Shawarma lunch plate. I ordered the sandwich last week and there was barely any meat in it. No salad double hummus (amazeballs) the shawarma can be a bit on the dry side sometimes but overall has awesome flavor.
Their tzatziki is easily the best in the city- with tons of garlic.
My main issues are that it used to be even better, and that depending on the server you can get pretty crappy service. 
New Orleans has some of the best middle eastern in America. I go here at least once a week.Yummy! The food here is always great. The standouts for my palate include the chicken tecka, which is absolutely delish and the sautéed veggies. The salads are also exceptional, as well as the hummus, falafel, pita staples. It's fantastic for a group or date dinner because it's BYOB!
The reason I give 4/5 stars is that sometimes the wait staff can be hit or miss-seems like there's frequent overturn, and this place can get really busy, understandably.great food! nice ambiance! loved their daily specials... the samosas!
we had falafel platter and chicken kabobs.. both of them were sooo good.. so was their freshly prepared backalva...Food is fabulous. I'd come back to New Orleans just to eat here. Had the lamb and beef gyro. Meat was super tender and tasty. Great salad and the humus and pita bread is to die for. Service was also good. Prompt and friendly.Lebanese tea w/ pinenuts!
This place does a great business and really has that uni feel to it (tons of Tulane students come here as well as loyola).  I love how this place is so chill!
Hummus so freakin awesome but their salads are simple and delicious!  Love that hint of garlic, lime, and olive oil..yes yes yes!!!!!  
I still prefer Byblos on Mag but they only win b/c of the street!  But L.C. is totally wallet friendly and I think BYOB????  hmmm.....tough it out when parking folks!great food. I had the shrimp kabob plate with rice and salad. 8t was awesome,  I even had enough to bring home a whole kabob. yum. will come back.Great food and service. I've been tons of times and I've never had a bad experience. The falafel is amazing and the shawarma is perfect. Just don't forget to BYOB!Must try: bathenjan dip, lentil soup apart from very flavorful entrees. A must if you are searching for a vegetarian restaurant in the neighborhood.I never any complaints about this place. If you want some good Mediterranean in New Orleans, this is the place. A good restaurant, with a good vibe.By far the best lebanese food I had while in nola. The kibbe was perfect. Pretty decent gyro. Hummus was very good. Prices are excellent.First time here for a late lunch. Got outside and would not acknowledged until 10 minutes later. I ordered some chicken shawarma sandwich and the chicken was very dry there were no onions on the sandwich and the Tomato was almost non-existent. Do not plan on returning here again.Best Lubin I have ever had beyond my meema's. grape leaves were good as well.  I didn't care at all for the humus. It was bitter and not a good recipe in my opinion. Everything else on the appetizer platter was good.I've eaten at Lebanon's several times, but this is my first review.  I ate lunch here with my besty yesterday and I was starving!!
We started with a special of Haloumi.  A salty-waxy cheese that is pan fried in olive oil.  Usually, it's served with fresh sliced tomato and greek olives, but here, they prepared it like a caprese with basil and they grilled the tomato and peppers and served it with a balsamic vinaigrette.  Unfortunately, the tomatoes were unripe.  
I ordered the gyro plate, it comes with hummus, salad and slices of gyro and a basket of pita...it hit the spot, a little greasy though.  My friend ordered the cabbage leaves.  She says they are freshly made, not a common thing, apparently.The lamb kabob is tasty. But the server had really bad attitude. I will suggest the food, however be prepared to get a rude service.It's an interesting restaurant, and I want to do a deeper exploration of the menu.  I ordered the Bathenjan Dip of Roasted eggplant, garlic & jalapeño pepper blended together, but I couldn't taste the spice of the jalapeno.  For my entree I had Hummus with Lamb Meat -- Lamb seasoned with chef style spices then sautéed with onions & tomatoes, served on a generous bed of hummus.  The lamb was just OK, not too flavorful.  I ordered it with with rice which was a light yellow color, but you could get the lamb dish with salad.  The portions are generous.  Lebanon's Famous Lebanese Tea was super good and topped with pine nuts.  The tea alone will bring me back!I remember the old Lebanon's location in a tiny corner grocery store - this one is totally different!  I was pretty happy to pop in for a dinner with friends at the end of the New Orleans Po-Boy Festival -- the falafel were just as good as Mona's, and there were a few things that were different between the two - but it's definitely worth a visit.  Awesome tabouli.  
This particular location is big and spacious - it's a huge improvement over the tiny location I remember.  Service was excellent, portions were quite a good size for three hungry festival goers.  Highly recommended - try the Lebanese iced tea!Awesome. I am highly satisfied with this place after eating in the French Quarter the last two days. The price is right the portions and quality of the food. The service was fast and friendly and our waitress was kind and attentive.The best hummus and lamb meat. Literally my favorite dish at a restaurant. The warm juices and yummy well prepared lamb meat is amazeballs! I could eat this dish every single day of my life. LolHad the lamb chops and a chicken shawarma plate...  Nuff said.  Truly unbelievable flavor. Hummus only added to the agony of Devine tastebud pleasure. The hint of mint in the salad made me wanna quit my job. Food this sublime should be a sin. But alas, this is cuisine of the gods.Awesome food and service. Loved the hummus, please don't miss giving it a try. I will definitely come back.Delicious Mediterranean food for cheap prices. Sounds good, right? Then check out this place, filled by college students and locals alike. Parking's a bit tough in the neighborhood, but once you make it through the door and seat yourself, Lebanon Cafe's a great place to enjoy a good meal (try the falafal and the hummus) and catch up with a friend or family. If you're 21+, remember it's BYOB!My coworker is a former health inspector and recommended this place when she over heard me talking about my love for lamb chops. I was skeptical but she said they were really good. My boyfriend and I ordered the spinach dip for an appetizer. It looked very creamy, unlike any other spinach dip I had before. However, the it was so delicious!!!!! I loved it! We both ordered the lamb chops and indeed they were amazing! Seasoned to perfection and they give you 6 with the order!!! The servers were good and overall the atmosphere was great as well. Will definitely be back!A lot of my friends work here and told me to come so I did! It was like a good food but it's wasn't really anything special. The food was the same as any middle eastern restaurant but it's wasn't anything special. I did love this vegetarian dish it was the veggie plate with all this cheese it's was good.Awesome food. I like this place alot. Service is attentive but not very educated on their menu. I recommend the gyro plateFantastic food simply the best med food I've had since I travelled to Greece !!
Authentic tasting hummas. 
 gyro meat that looks like real kabob meat (it's still mince just grilled on single skewers instead of the tower of power) 
chicken shawarma delicious spice and also grilled so there's added char and flavour!!
I wish I would have gotten a plate of olives and feta. But there's always next time. I can't wait !!Some of the best Middle Eastern food you can eat in New Orleans. I have been eating there for many years. Hussein and his staff take exceptionally good care of their customers. I have probably tried and enjoyed everything on the menu.The food is almost always fantastic. I especially like the gyros and stuffed grape leaves. The only reason for not giving five stars is that they don't have enough staff for their peak dinner times so everyone is literally running to deliver their meals and it takes a minute longer to order. Still a nice place to sit and chat while you wait.I had lamb chops and my friend had chicken shawarma.. Chicken would deserve 4 stars but lamb chops (3 stars) were not completely cooked even though I asked for "well done". 
It's not a classy restaurant where you want to take someone for a date. If you just want to have a filling meal for a reasonable price .. Can give a try. I ve read quite a few good reviews for lamb chops, my experience could be an exception.I'm pretty obsessed with Leb Cafe. For the price, it can't be beat for Mediterranean food in this city. I order pick up from here on the regular... even if it is all the way uptown! The baba ganoush is my favorite thing on the menu, it is sooo delicious! I'm a huge fan of the Chef's Special -- the vegeterian appetizer combination which has baba ganous, hummus, falafel (the falafel is seasoned very well!), and an assortment of other things, it's more than enough for two if you add a sandwich or another platter. My only hesitation is that the chicken kabobs never taste all that Mediterranean to me, sometimes I even feel like I get hints of Indian tandoori spices, but whatever they do, it is seasoned well and tastes good so I'm not complaining!Again an awesome place for baba, hummus, beef n lamb, and chicken shawarma. In a red beans and rice town Lebanon Cafe (Mediterranean fare) is packed on a Monday! 
My neighbor's family comes from 30min away every Sunday after mass.
Great spot. Excellent service. Thanks again.My wife (who is Lebanese) and I came here for lunch one day expecting some authentic Lebanese food, but as soon as we walked in we saw the Egyptian decor and then had a look at the menu and had already decided this restaurant had very little to do with Lebanese cuisine. Nonetheless we decided to give it a try and sat ourselves... We waited for a couple minutes before any server approached us, we literally watched about four of them huddled around the cash register deciding who was going to take our table (we were very casually dressed and probably passed for college students in their mind). Bad start...
For appetizers we ordered the Halloumi cheese plate which was a great starter... And we also ordered the feta cheese & olive plate (which to my wife's surprise was served without pita bread). When she asked if we could get some pita bread to eat the feta cheese and olives with, she was almost shunned by the server for asking such a thing, and she then seemed to reluctantly deliver. Strike two. 
My wife ordered the lamb kabob plate which was highly recommended from my middle eastern friends, and I must say I can't imagine there is anything better on the menu it was fantastic! Definitely one of the few bright moments in our dining experience. I ordered the combination kabob plate which comes with chicken kabob, beef shish kabob, and lula kabob (ground lamb with herbs & spices). I asked the server if I could pay to substitute the Lula kabob with Lamb kabob, and she went in the back to ask the chef/owner and came back to tell me that they could not make that substitute (strike three)! I wasn't very impressed with the combination plate and wished I had just ordered the lamb kabob plate. However at least the salad and hummus were enjoyable.
By the time we were finished with our meal the restaurant had filled up quite a bit since our arrival... We kind of got the sense that this place does high volume with a low level of service. The entire time we could hear the chef in the kitchen barking orders in Arabic and yelling at employees in English. Overall, very disappointed with our experience. Perhaps the owner should consider renaming the restaurant Cairo's cafe... We will not be going back!Absolutely delicious! It was my first visit so the boyfriend and I started out with the Chef Special appetizer sampler to try a bit of everything and omg the hummus is amazing! Lentil soup was pretty tasty too. And lastly I ordered the falafel sandwich which was super yummy--not dry like some falafels I've had and great taste! Service was excellent too. I will be back:)The place to go for yummy middle eastern food. Call in for take out or stop by and feast there. It's soooo good. Only minus is the lack of parking, but if you frequent uptown spots - ya know what's up. You know it's good when ya crave it all the time. That's all I'm saying.This was a great find. Friendly service, open when other places aren't. We had the fresh well-seasoned, beef Schwarma plate which comes with hummus, pita and a small Greek salad. Plenty to share for the two of us. And the Lebanese Tea was a nice addition, but I'd probably have the unsweetened mint tea next time.Lebanon's is a place that I hadn't visited since before Katrina.  Friends from school originally told me about it because of the great value you got for the quality food.  
The location they're currently at is right along the streetcar tracks and easily accessible.  There's covered seating on the outside and a rather large, open area of seating on the inside with a very nice mural on one of the walls.  I got the Lula Kabob dinner and will say that it's some of the best seasoned and tasting lamb that I've had in a while ... and plenty of it.  
I've had some other standby places for this type of food, however, this is my new favorite!Could this place get any better? Huge portions, BYOB(!!!!!!!!!) and delicious flavors. The service was on point and the best I had in all of new Orleans. I had the combo kabob plate and it was delicious. The chicken was to die for. The steak was very good and tender. I didn't enjoy what I thought was the lamb. It looked and tasted like hamburger. Everyone eating here really looked like they were enjoying themselves and its the type of place where you could sit and relax with friends for as long as you like. Wish they had one of these in the bay area.Weekday lunch. Beef shawarma and hummus. Both very good. Service was good. Will go back.This Place should have 5 stars...I eat here alot and I have ordered many things on the menu, this is truly some Good food...My Hubby isn't a Fan of Middle Eastern Food but when we come here, he really enjoy the food...There is something here for everyone...I have been to similar places and I must say Lebanon's Cafe is the Best...The food is fresh, lots of flavor, generous portions and great servers who are very helpful...Beware!! There's No Parking LotMy favourite middle eastern restaurant in NOLA. Amazing food, excellent (happy!) staff, great location (outdoor seating available) and it is BYOB which significantly reduces the cost of your visit. Their hummus is beyond perfect.One of my favorite spots for Middle Eastern food. I love the ambiance of the restaurant. It can get crowded at times, but don't let that deter you. There is an outdoors eating area (where I prefer to eat) that has a perfect view of the streetcar line.Consider me a new fan of this place!  I've driven by it, but Lebanese cuisine is never on my mind when I go back home to NOLA.  It will be from now on though...
The menu was extensive and everything sounded delicious (and after some food stalking, I noticed everyone's plates looked fantastic).  The Lebanese tea was absolutely perfect.  Once I saw the pine nuts resting on the ice cubes, I knew this place was legit.  My chicken schwarma was tasty, but I was a much bigger fan of my cousin's chicken kababs.  The seasoning was amazing...
Then there's the hummus.  I'm a hard sell on the ground up chickpeas...their's had the perfect consistency, just enough garlic...yum.  I could just sit there with a basket of pita, a plate of hummus, the tea...and be completely content.  Can wait to go back!I loooove Lebanons. It's perfect for when you've got a big group of people or just a big appetite.  It's pricey but worth it.
Doesn't last well for leftovers so eat it while it's hot.
The baba ganoush is a must-have- be prepared to ask for more pita.  I am a create of habit but I am constantly ordering new items off the menu. Everything is SO delicious.I absolutely love Greek food. I could live on hummus dipped in pita bread alone and die happy. Don't even get me started on chicken shawarma stuffed into said pita bread and filled with yummy lemony hummus. Oh. My. Goodness.
But I have to agree with Harry here. The food is great but the service is really crappy. It's just bad. Walk in and seat yourself. A sign up front says a server will find you. Ok...when she/he finally does they will promptly forget about you. That's at least what happened to us. When the food came out I was already needing my drink refilled (water) and she came back to the table not once, not twice but three times forgetting the water pitcher. 
Parking is definitely a challenge but I'd overlook that to eat here again. But I can't overlook bad service. We won't be back.Service can be sketchy at times but the food is wonderful! I come here often for lunch and dinner and have never been disappointed. Try a little of everything.  I have had labne, hummus, falafel, grape leaves, lamb and chicken shawarma and have been pleased with everything.  The portions are large (enough to split) on the entrees. 
The food has been fresh and always comes out quickly.  We came here on Mardi Gras day and were starving, we were served quickly and the food came the same.  Not that I think tons of people were thinking of eating Lebanese on Mardi Gras day, but it was fairly crowded.
They have highchairs for small kids but be careful some are falling apart and dangerous.Yes...do it!  I ate nothing but this for like 2 weeks straight once.  Nice outdoor seating and of course, delicious food.  Bring yourself a bottle of something to drink since they are BYOB.  Enjoy!Tasty local Middle Eastern food option. The food is standard Middle Eastern stuff, and it's prepared well. 
The chef's plate of appetizers gives a wide variety of foods for those of us who like to sample multiple items. As far as standard classics, the hummus is tasty and has a bit of tang, the falafel is also good. The kebabs were great as well.
Things to specifically try: 
Za'atar bread- good spices grilled into the bread made this bread a favorite at our table
Halloumi cheese- I could eat this all day- so yummy.
The restaurant is casual and kid-friendly- Our semi-picky 6 year old found sufficient acceptable options among the stuff we got for the table. 
Seating was seat-yourself style, and our server got to the table quickly once we sat down.We always go here when we need a Mediterranean fix. The staff is friendly, food is great and very consistent. Also, it's BYOB!  I drive past a lot of Middle Eastern/ Mediterranean places to get here. Long time fan....don't see that changing anytime soon.i really don't understand the rave reviews.  this place is mediocre at best - nothing tasty or remarkable.  i'm sure i've been spoiled by all the great middle eastern food i had living in NYC.  i miss good middle eastern food so much i could cry.My fiance and I eat here regularly. We had this for dinner just the other night. The food is always great, I love their lamb and hummus -- although, I normally replace the hummus with basmati rice. Having hummus with the lamb is just too heavy. The chicken schwarma is always delicious. I really enjoy their food. And it's pretty cheap and you get a lot for your money.Freshly daily made . Healthy ,and delusions . Middle Eastern audience.prices are reasonable . Great place to eat lunch after work out .4/5 so so yum. yum. yum.
obvi many reviews have already sung the praises of this place, but i like how chill it is and how tasty everything is. i mean the hummus i think is pretty noteworthy - it tasted fresh! usually i think of hummus as more of one my favorite texture foods, but this one was light and alive. for my big appetite, i cleaned off one of the mixed kabob plates and subbed in some rice. you tell yourself, this is too much food. a wise person would stop and save some for work. i am not a wise person, so i just kept eating and eating and eating and soon it was all gone! i know folks rave on the chicken, but i personally enjoy the beef and gyros (beef and lamb). come hungry and leave smiling!Oh my goodness !! The food was awesome and the service was just as good!! We were a table of 8 dine around 5 pm which was perfect time on a Saturday. It started getting really busy around 6:30 or so. I ordered the lamb chops and they were amazing, they gave you six chops and they were arranged on a bed of grilled veggies. I choose the rice and salad. I started eating before I realized I didn't take a picture, so please know that the presentation was much better then what you see on the picture  .
Looking forward to going back..This place is really good. I wish I would have remembered my server's name because the service was as fantastic as the food. I can be very picky about my hummus but this hit the spot. Falafel fried crispy and not at all greasy. Soft hot bread. Yep.Excellent neighborhood restaurant. Consistently tasty and cheap! I missed this place a ton when I left New Orleans for five years.
I almost always get lebanese tea, baba ghanoush and a salad; but everything I've had has been good.I love this place. I have been eating here for years and it has never lost its flavor. If you like lamb, get the kabobs. If you like hummus, its probably the best I have had.This place is great. I usually have the lamb and hummus dish. It's excellent. You will definitely need to ask for more bread to go with your hummus. My boyfriend usually gets the combination shawarma. He loves it. 
 Definitely  a place to visit!
AdrienneLast night I was craving some falafel and lamb....So I dipped into Lebanon's Café and I was really happy that I did. 
Lebanon's Café is a small and unassuming café. It was busy for a Sunday night, which is always a good sign. 
We starte,d off with a plate of falafel (6 balls for $4.50). They were fried to crispity crunchity perfection. We had to order more tzaziki, but I don't think they charged extra for that. We were given a nice little basket of warm pita, which was demolished pretty quickly.
For an entrée we split the lamb over hummus. The lamb was delicious and was served on top of a huge dollop of extra garlicky hummus. For the most part we used the pita as utensils, and it was really, really good.
For drinks we got the mint iced tea, which was really refreshing and basically great.
The service was good, attentive, but not overbearing. Two grown ass American adults had a nice dinner for about $30. I would definitely recommend this place and I am DEFINITELY going back.One of my favorite places in town.  The hummus is especially delicious.  The tiki chicken was awesome, very tender, and juicyWonderful!  I think this is the most consistent restaraunt in town. Everything is good I love the gyro plate the Schwarma  and the rosemerry lamb chops.  Always a good time and is byobTake out order. Great appetizers, loved kibby and cabbage rolls. Lula kebabs were okay, a little over cooked and dry. The lamb with hummus was greasy, full of gristle and had very little meat. Marginal meal, other than our appetizers, which were a real delight.They've still got it. Big. Cheap. Don't order too much. Drink the bloody tea.IMHO, the best hummus around.  Seriously.  I enjoy this particular spot being so close to the street car line.
It is a mix up of things they excel at versus the other Med places.  With that said, all of it is yummy and cant go wrong with anything here.   Staff is friendly and fast.  The Lebanese tea is the shizzle. 
Hopefully you can agree on a entree with your guest because otherwise you will be bringing leftovers home.  Its alot on every dish they have.I was surprised to see this Lebanese restaurant far more crowded than the Cajun one next door, but perhaps there is good reason for it. It had a typical Middle Eastern menu with good vegetarian options; I felt rather lame for ordering a vegetarian platter and lentil soup instead a special they had, but was assuaged to see the locals next to me order two lentil soups, and enchanted when I finally tried mine. It possessed a warm spice mix, the right level of saltiness, and was even better when mixed with the pita chips that served as de facto croutons.
The vegetarian platter wasn't quite as good; the hummus, baba ganoush, falafel, and tabbouleh were solid individually, but all garlicky and in need of some more variety in flavors (like a nice lentil soup). It came with a couple of solid size pitas worth of bread, which was just the perfect amount to mop all of that up. By the time my check arrived with some candied almonds, I was entirely convinced that I would be happy to come back again and try something more adventurous.Hands down the best Mediterranean food in town.  Don't even bother to make your own hummus when you can get the best at Lebanon.
Bring your own bottle of wine, get there early to get an outside table in nice weather or inside air conditioning in hot weather, and get ready for some really good food.  I recommend the sauteed vegetable plate.  It takes a while to cook, so you'll have to have an appetizer to hold you over.  Then dinner comes and it's way too much to eat.  Which works fine cause now you have something for tomorrow's lunch or dinner.
It's the kind of place where the staff and chef take pride in a job well done.Best stuff so far in terms of Mediterranean food. The rose water tea is awesome! It's definitely not 100% lebanese, but the best so far in New Orleans. Stay far, FAR away from Mona's!Lebanon is good, but it's not outstanding. The lamb is and gyro are really really good, but everything else isn't very special. Not that it's , mind you, it's just not necessarily the best, i'll pick Lebenon's over most other middle Eastern restaurants in the areaLebanon Cafe has delicious food. I love how when you are finished eating your meal, they give you Jordan almonds. The decor definitely matches the name and theme of the restaurant. I especially love the service because they are very kind and they are very quick with everything. Over all I give this restaurant a thunbs up!I love Lebanon Cafe!  It is a great neighborhood joint. If you live in the area, it is a nice place to grab a bite. BYOB. Best appetizer hummus platter. Falafel is pretty good. Nice staff.One of the bests restaurants I've been to. 
I'll advice for the Kifta kebab ;) 
The bestThis is the only place I come to eat hummus, tabouleh, and chicken Schwarma. I give 4 stars only only because I think the furniture needs updating. Great service & great food.This place is so yummy! Gotta try the hummus. My favorite thing to order is the lamb. Its tender and just right! Im gonna come back soon and try something else. Or might just get the same thing again. Ill definitely be back!Of all the restaurants in New Orleans, this is the one I dream about 9 years after moving away.  That hummus haunts me.... it's like a drug.  I can't find anything close to it anywhere else, and I've screwed up a dozen batches at home trying to crack the secret.  What gives it that tang?  It's not just lemon. Vinegar?  Cumin?  If anyone has a clue I'd love to hear it...Lebanon's is excellent food.  I've never been into that kind of food before I was dragged there and boy was it good.  Chicken shwarma, hummus, falafel all excellent.  Service was good.  Only thing I didn't like was the owner or manager, whoever it was seemed to be a slave driver. It was kinda funny and seemed a bit cliche. Those poor girls that work there.Five out of six within our Lunch Bunch was new to Mediterranean food. Everyone enjoyed the baba ganuj, spinach and artichoke dip, sauteed spinach with shrimp, braised lamb with carrots, pita bread, and the beef and chicken kabobs...all in hearty portions. Lebanon's Famous tea was also a big hit with the table.  Our server, Anna was attentive, informative and helpful with the newbies.  We'll be back!Always a good place to grab authentic and quick Mediterranean. Consistently delicious.I eat here almost once a week and the food is always good. I love the veggie dinner plate, you can eat on it for about two days. They have never messed up an order and they are very fast. I call in take and it is ready in about ten minutes every time.The best hummus I've had since my trip to the Middle East. A bit of spice with chiles on top, blended to perfection. Love it. 
The Falafel sandwich had a generous helping of the most perfectly fried falafels, could have used a bit more hummus inside but not a problem to dip it in the other hummus.My first full day in The Big Easy. After doing a bit of sightseeing my friend and guide suggested a place where a vegetarian might find satisfactory food choices. Being that I have spent most of my years in Los angles, my culinary appetite is quite educated. That said, I found most aspects of my dining experience enjoyable including our waitress Miss Julia. She was personable, friendly and helpful. 
I ordered the grape leaf appetizer and the falafel appetizer as well. My main dish was the vegetarian plate. Iced tea, it was brewed well, but the restaurant does not include stevia in its sweetener options. I'm glad I usually bring my own. The grape leaves were a strange taste and served warm, not the best way to serve them and they were missing a fresh cool taste. The vegetarian plate was delicious. Though, the tabouli salad was missing the fresh hint of mint and needed a few more diced tomatoes to complete the flavor. The hummus was creamy and smooth, yet could've used a bit more oil. Now on the brighter side, I had some of the best falafel I have ever eaten. It had the right blend of savory and crunchy on the outside, yet a warm edible texture in the middle. 
Unfortunately, they did not serve a traditional ethnic coffee with desert. Just your standard brewed coffee for the restaurant. They also did not offer a vegan cream option for the coffee as well as further options for the sweeteners. Now, my friend and I both love baklava, so we ordered one helping each. That was not the best baklava we had ever eaten, it was a very small serving and dry. There was little honey to saturate the walnuts, so one attempt at eating it created a crumpled mess on the plate. When we got to the last, bottom portion of the Filo dough it was like chewing on beef jerky. My best friend of 25 years had the same mixed reaction, this was one of the worst baklava deserts we had ever experienced. So with mixed reviews, I know in New Orleans, a capital of gastronomic delights, there is room to improve. We sat outside as inside was noisy and crowded. Obviously people like the ambiance and food. The dining experience on the front walkway, was definitely the way to go on busy dining times. Overall, I like the place. I just hope they become more vegan friendly and fix a few things.fair prices and consistently good food: something i can say of only a handful of restaurants in this crazy town. deservedly beloved.Here's my favorite Greek/Lebanese restaurant in New Orleans. I went last night with my sister for another great dinner. I always get the grape leaf rolls to start, they are a perfect marriage of savory with a nice bitterness in the grape leaves. For my entree I always go with the Gryo plate. The portion is HUGE, and that's a good thing because it is a delicious dish.  The meat is flavorful and filling.  I also love that Lebanon is BYOB so I can bring any wine that I choose to pair with the great food.Delicious Authentic Lebanese food! The sautéed vegetable plate is large enough for two people to share. The hummus is smooth and pitas delicious. Grapes leaves are tasty. Finish you dinner with Jordan Almonds.Out of all the middle eastern restaurants I have tried in New Orleans, this one is top notch.  Their food is always well spiced and leaves you craving more.  The lebnah (a mint and garlic spiced yogurt) is creamy and delicious and goes great with pita.  Their gyro platter is awesome both while your eating it and after re-heating it from the fridge.  If you order take out, pita is given in plenty.  The service is wonderful and the price is very reasonable.I loved it!!! They're infamous Lebanon tea is refreshing and as odd as it sounds they have little crunchy nuts in there. Weird but it goes with it haha! We ordered the cheese pie and Spinach pie. The spinach pie comes with the Zatziki sauce which is good together. Actually Zatziki sauce is good with everything haha. I ordered the lamb and beef gyro which came with the bismati rice, hummus, and bread (falafel). My friend ordered the same but with beef. We both enjoyed it very much. Service was great.If there was a rating system on customer service only, I'd give it a 1 star. I'm a regular here...mostly take out but on occasion I will dine in, and then remember why I just call ahead and take it home...sit on my own front balcony and be just as happy. The food is really really good...I've never been disappointed with the quality of food, and the servings are plentiful. Soo yummy! 
I went today with a friend just after the lunch rush...1:00, and we sat outside under the new awning that traps in the heat from the sky and you feel like you're seating under a heat lamp. There were 4 waitresses in and out, some pouring water, some bringing checks and some just watching the avenue go by. 15 minutes later....a new waitress comes out and brings us menus. This is not the first...the service here is slow, and regardless of who's table...we have never ever been greeting by any staff, unless I'm seating at their table..and the wait time can be 5 minutes or as long as 20. I'm not kidding. But the food always brings me back...it's just that damn good!Normally my go-to place for Lebanese is Mona's or Pyramid, but one afternoon I decided to give Lebanon a shot. Lebanon is a solid alternative for sure. I had a falafel sandwich, which was pretty good. The falafel themselves weren't overly greasy or too dark from being fried too long, nor did they have any off flavors from old oil. I also had a meat stuffed grape leaf appetizer. Every other order of stuffed grape leaves I've had were cold but these were hot. They also had bits of meat on the outside and left a big puddle of grease on the plate. It was almost like eating Manuel's tamales. I don't think I'll order them again, I prefer my grape leaves cool, minty, and refreshing.
Overall Lebanon is a good place for Mediterranean, but I'll probably wind up at Mona's down the street.Lebanese Tea was awesome!
Food was very tasty, the Gyro and the Chicken Shawarma were legit.
Service wasn't great....was left unattended for long periods of time waiting to place order, get refills, and get the check.
The place was more than half full but our food did come out quickly. Even with the poor service, I'll definately be back!This place is great and is a favorite among my friends and I. Service is always quick even when the place is packed and I've always enjoyed my food. The hummus is a bit more on the tangy side but I like that and the serving sizes are very generous. I usually order the gyros plate with extra tzatziki on the side. Their tzatziki is the best I've had in New Orleans.My family and me eat at Lebanon's Cafe every time we visit New Orleans. In a town with a hundred great places to eat per mile, we make the treck (a 20 minute trolley ride)--because the food is worth it.  
What we ordered: 
The stuffed grape leaves
The hummus (always good)
The lamb chops
The chicken shawarma plate
The beef shawarma plate
Everything was hot, delicious, and worth the wait. I can not describe how amazing the lamb chops were. Perfectly marinated. Perfectly cooked (medium rare). Perfectly executed to my table still hot. 
As long as we keep visiting NOLA, I'm sure we will eat here again and again.I'm upgrading this to 5 stars because they just constantly deliver good, cheap food. Large portions, lots of flavor, not too heavy or oily, nothing to complain about. Eat inside with a bustling crowd, dine outside and watch the streetcars go by, or pick up and enjoy at home. Can't go wrong either way, I love me some Leb Cafe.Relaxing neighborhood lunch spot.  I am obsessed with the Lebanese tea, especially on hot summer days.One of my favorite meals in New Orleans.  We went for lunch and sat inside. As is common in many restaurants the waitress asked if we wanted anything to drink before bringing us menus. Decor inside is nice - take a look around. 
We had the chef's appetizer plate. Fantastic. Smoky delicious baba ganoush (roasted eggplant spread), good hummus and stuffed grape leaves. Tabouli isn't my fave but this version was nice. Fattoush - chopped salad with fried pita chips was very good. Also lebnah and pita bread (we chose whole wheat and it was warmed up nicely. 
Also had the veg soup, spinach pie (in FILO) and pickled cabbage. The soup was good and it was healthy. The picked cabbage was good but the vinegar taste was a little strong. Spinach pie very good. Will have to sample the one in homemade dough very soon. 
Service was fine. Vibe is relaxed. Definitely going back.Yummy!!  
I had the Chicken Shawarma, and it was great!  The hummus is excellent, very very tasty.  I love how the dish comes with a small salad with a light, refreshing dressing (and I'm very wary of dressings because I don't like my salads drenched in dressing), hummus (yum), and bread.  I tried falafel for the first time here, and I didn't like it, so I'm not sure if it's because of the  way they make it here or if I just don't like it in general.  
The place is nicely decorated, and you can also sit outside.  The service was decent--a tad bit slow but overall all right.  On a weeknight, it was fairly crowded with several parties inside and outside.  I would recommend this over Byblos, which was very crowded, not as good, and more expensive.  Can't wait to go back!I have lived in nola for a year and a half and my boyfriend and i are addicted to the gyros at Lebanon's. the price is right and the food is amazing!I've been eating here on and off for 9 years, and I've never had a bad meal. I brought my Mom to Lebanon's when she visited several years ago, and she still talks about the lentil soup. I like their hummus better than Mona's, and their dinner plates contain an impressive amount of food. I highly recommend it.Really good food! Quick service and it is a large portion for the price. Worth a visit if you are in the area or local and want to try something new.Stuffed Grape Leaves were divine, pita fresh, salad flavorful, and these beautiful little birds kept scrambling between my feet looking for table scraps(outside). Staff was friendly and inviting- brought out silverware and menus for two, but when I explained I was dining alone that night, promptly returned offering a local newspaper.  Great food without the usual associated pomp - recommend for all.This place is pretty stellar. I just think that there is something to be said about a place that can make simple food taste outstanding. And that is Lebanon. The food is simple and flavorful, with the perfect amount of spice. I ordered the grape leaves as an appetizer, and the combination plate as an entree. Both were fantastic.Best Lebanese food in Nola.  Every time my husband and I go we start with the halloumi cheese- which is sinfully delicious.  Then we usually both order the combination plate with the chicken schawarma and the gryo.  
It is absolutely the BEST! You will not be disappointed!!!!Very healthy Mediterranean cuisine in a fun and lively atmosphere! Right on the streetcar line & reasonably priced.  Get the chicken teaka. FABULOUS!!I really don't even know how to begin. This place has the best hummus I have ever had. In the entire world. I literally dream about the stuff. I ask my friend who lives there to ship it to me (if only that were economical!). Seriously, it's making my mouth water right now just thinking about it. Obviously, that would be one of my recommended items there. I've gone where I've literally just ordered a plate of it for myself and that's all I had! I don't know what they put in it but..no words.
The pita is pretty standard, although better quality than what you would buy in the store and is great with the hummus. I also really enjoy their falafel, although it is a bit dense. I have tried the baba ganoush and a few other dips, but nothing stands out for me quite as much as the hummus so it's just not worth it for me to get anything different. I have tried a few of their meat dishes also, and have very much enjoyed. 
I don't love the space indoors, as it is quite loud, but they have a nice little patio out front that they just added an awning to. The place is also BYOB, so we usually bring a bottle of wine to split. They usually have a wine opener somewhere, but if you can, just bring your own. It often takes awhile for them to find it! 
The service isn't anything above and beyond, and typical for New Orleans, can be a bit slow. Usually we've planned on a leisurely meal anyway, however, so this isn't an issue. 
Do yourself a favor and go check out this hummus. Seriously!Honestly one of my favorite restaurants in all of New Orleans. All of the food there is spot on. The dinner plates are very generous portions. My family will normally order a few to split and share. The cabbage rolls are also my favorite thing to order. You also can never go wrong with the Lebanese Iced Tea. 
Lebanon Cafe is a must visit.I was excited to try this place since there aren't that many middle eastern restaurants in the area. 
Pros: Kibbeh and lentil soup were ok, as were the stuffed grape leaves. 
Cons: 
the hot mint tea is made from a tea bag and NOT fresh mint leaves, which is mediocre for a middle eastern restaurant. (Babylon cafe brews with fresh mint leaves by the way). 
My fiancé and I asked for extra tzatziki and the sever told us it would be "50 cents extra" which makes no sense at a middle eastern restaurant because they make tons of the stuff in house! That really rubbed us the wrong way. 
they also skimp on the side of hummus that comes with the dinner plates. 
Overall the place had good decor but food was nothing extraordinary, I will not be returning. Babylon cafe on maple is so much better!I do not understand how this place was one of the Top Picks in the Gambits 2010 New Orleans Bests.  We enjoyed the seat yourself BYOB atmosphere.  The was staff is often SLAMMED but perky and somewhat attentive.  The hummus was good and the bread was warm.  I thought we were in for a great meal.... and then the main course.  The beef, lamb and tuna were so OVER COOKED we couldn't finish out meal. Not only couldnt we finish our meal we could not even differentiate the types of meat, and I grew up raising sheep and cattle.  The side salad was dressed and all we could taste was the citric acid.  The other side was bland rice... not jasmine or infused with flavor. At the conclusion of the meal I think a public warning should be posted... "Warning our Protein May Cause TMJ"   Oh well when we arrived home our dog was able to swallow the remaining chunks of meat.  I am unsure if we will go again.  If we do go it may only be for the BYOB and some appetizersI used to go to this place every week.  But there comes a time when you just have to quit when the same waitresses act like they really don't know you no matter how much you pour your money into the place. I understand that they are busy, but a modicum of service would be nice. The staff are really unfriendly. One time, there were only 3 tables occupied in the place and the 4 waitresses were just sitting around chatting. I had to literally wave my hand for 5 mins to get them to pay attention.  I witnessed the owner scolding the staff in open space so I actually think that the staff are unhappy working there, which reflects in their unfriendly attitude. But that's their problem. I want my food AND service when dining out.Come here for your next Greek craving.
I have never sat inside when dining here so I can only talk about the outside seating. The outdoor seating is the bomb.com, and I just said that.... Now that that's over... You get the best scene with street cars passing by and quick service. 
Street parking only so bring your patience. I've never had a huge issue finding a spot so I still continue to go. 
Food is yummy and the portions are very generous. Although the pricing is slightly higher than the normal sandwich shop for only getting a gyro with no sides.My guard is completely down when it comes to Lebanon's Cafe. Authentic lentil soup gets me every time!  Beyond the typical tapas-style mezes, the main dishes for vegetarians feature a baked plate that is a feta-topped fusion of everything you could want a remix of vegetables to be!
Definitely some of the best Med/Middle Eastern in the city!I went to Lebanon's Cafe on a busy Friday night. The restaurant was packed, with almost every table full, inside and outside. Even with all the people and the attendant chaos, I was impressed by how fast and efficient the service was. The waiter was attentive and the food came out very quickly after we ordered. The restaurant is in a nice area of uptown, right on the streetcar line, right next to Cafe Granada. The decor is nothing special, but that usually doesn't bother me unless it's an expensive fine dining situation.
I had the "Chef's Selection" (~$13), which is basically a vegetarian appetizer platter. The mark of any Lebanese/Middle Eastern restaurant is their appetizers, and after hearing a lot about this restaurant, I wanted to see how they stacked up. I am half Palestinian, so I grew up on this food and am wary of mediocre versions of Mediterranean classics. The platter included generous portions of hummus, baba ghanouj, labneh, tabbouli and two falafel croquettes.
The hummus had a very high quotient of tahini in it, which some people prefer, but it's never been my favorite. However, it was still very creamy had just the right amount of garlic. The baba ganouj was also good, but it didn't have enough of the smoky, roasted eggplant flavor that the best versions have. The labneh was excellent, as was the tabbouli. The falafel was passable; I've had better, I've had worse. The dips were covered with a pool of lemon juice, which sat in a reservoir at the top of the hummus, baba and labneh. I found this a bit strange. It's generally more customary to put extra virgin olive oil on the top, not lemon juice. Once the juice was mixed in a little bit it wasn't bad, but I found it off-putting to have a puddle of it just sitting on top of the dips.
My dining companions both had lamb dishes (kebabs and kifteh, I believe...) that they allowed me to taste, and they were both quite good. I can't give this place my highest recommendation because as an expert on this type of cuisine, I know there is better out there. Still, this is a solid option, reasonably priced, and so far it's the best Middle Eastern restaurant I've come across in NOLA (i.e. stay away from Mona's)...I went during the day and had a Greek salad and a meat combo with, hummus, rice and bread. Which I shared with a friend. There was so much food, we couldn't eat it all.  I've been back for take out twice since and have enough food for 3 people. Greek giros salad, hummus and pita bread.  Just over $20 total... You can't beat that price, and the quality is some of the best food I have eaten in New Orleans.  :)This is my go to place to eat out.  I can't put into words how much I love the Hummus here.  Its amazing and I inhale it like my life depends on it.  They have lots of vegetarian options which is why I am here all the time.  Its nice to eat at a place where I can change up my order each time.  The veggie rice plate (not sure the name) is amazing.  Its a dish of veggies over rice covered in cheese and broiled till everything melts together into this warm comforting dish of splendidness.  I am also a huge fan of the Eggplant Sandwich and the tabbouleh.  Its cheap, BYOB, and veggie friendly.  I love it!I love Lebanon's.  Best hummus I've had.  The lentil soup is freaking amazing.  Plenty of vegetarian options.  The grilled salmon with charred veggies is fantastic.  We go there once a week, sometimes twice.A friend and I went for Lunch on a Wednesday and ordered the appetizer platter for 2, a cheesy sauteed veggie casserole type dish, spinach pies and of course Lebanese tea. He loved EVERYTHING, I loved the appetizer plate and thought the veggie casserole was alright, we were both particularly partial to the spinach pies, super bomb! The waitress we got was really nice and on top of filling our drinks and was nice about answering all our questions before we ordered.I think that I might have given this place 5 stars if they still had the roasted vegetable filo that they had before the storm. The service here is always INCREDIBLE, and although it is a little pricey for the dinner plates, you definately get more than you can eat in one sitting, so it evens out. The wraps are completely reasonable and just as delicious. The spinach filo would be my favorite thing here if it didn't just remind me how much I miss the roasted vegetable one. Also, as we confirmed with the waitress yesterday, they have the best fountain cokes!Perfect !!!
Un vrai bon restaurant Libanais comme il se doit ...
Un chawarma simple et efficace, un vrai délice ici à la Nouvelle Orleans !!I did have a nice meal. But something just seemed not right; the meat was not what I typically expect from a Lebanese or Middle Eastern restaurant.
Big servings. Great hummus. Ok meat... eh... 
Good atmosphere. Excellent location... there's a coffee house on Oak Street that's pretty tight.
I'll go again. But first I think I'll try another place. 
Are there any other good restaurants with Mediterranean/Middle Eastern food I should go to?
R,
Isaac.The food was even better than I expected even though I expected great food.
We had a spinach pie, lamb kebab, and the chicken wrap at lunch. all were excellentGreat med food. BYOB with no corkage fee. Awesome tabouli. Chicken shwarma is very good. Bake veggie platter awesome. I highly recommend it. Good hummus.I first dined here when I returned from the Navy in 2013. I have been to both Dubai and Bahrain and I must say that the chicken shawarma and the gyros are among the best in this city and possibly the whole state. The hummus would make even a brick taste delicious.  I highly recommend this place to anyone who loves food of this culture and to those who have never had middle eastern cuisine.I love gyros. There is something about that "sandwich" that has me craving it at the weirdest times. Thank God for Lebanon Cafe. I really like Mediterranean cuisine and Greek food is a comfort food of mine. Although not technically Greek food, the Middle Eastern food at Lebanon's is a good distraction from the lack of Greek food in New Orleans. The hummus is probably the best I have ever had. It is so good! My most recent trip to Lebanon was by far the best. It was a typical busy Friday night; we sat at an outside table enjoying the breeze of the passing streetcar. Our server was very busy with it being a Jazzfest weekend, but she was still as attentive as we needed her to be. The hummus was served to start with some warm pita. It was delicious as always. Then out came my gyro. OMG - freaking amazing. The warm gyro meat, the crunchy greens, the hummus, the warm fluffy pita all made for a perfect bite. And the hankering subsides. I hear that there are many other delicious dishes at Lebanon Café, but you should read the other reviews for those thoughts. I just know that it's the best gyro I've had in New Orleans and that's what I'm sticking to. 
In a town where decent Middle Eastern and Mediterranean cuisine is hard to come by, Lebanon Café steps in to fill the void with some warm fluffy pita bread.Deeeeeelish!!!! LOVED IT!!! Parking is kind of ehhhhh....BUT the food was soooo good!!!!!Awesome.  Lebanese tea is great.  And get the chicken tekka.  Delicious and big portions!