Really delicious food and friendly service. Came here on a whim on a Sunday night, was just walking down the street looking for somewhere to watch the game. Place was pretty empty, but also really large so I imagine Fridays and Saturdays are busier than Sunday nights. Tuna salad was so delicious, and the friendly waiter upsold me on the lemon ice dessert which was soooo incredible. Would definitely come back, definitely recommendedI decided to eat hear for breakfast, and I'm glad I did! I had a solid yeggie scramble with breakfast potatoes, and ordered a side grits as well. Being a corner restaurant, it was nice to people-watch out the windows as I ate this yummy breakfast!I have seen many incredible happy hour specials during my time in NOLA... & this one is definitely killer. 
Luckily, we came on their first martini night. 
$3 AWESOME MARTINIS!! You can't top it. I got the minted martini which was Tito's, Chardonnay & fresh mint. 
Their apps are also half off! Unbeatable prices for excellent food & friendly service. We got the duck, chili cheese fries, alligator poppers & crawfish beignets; I highly recommend.
Ask for Amy the bartender :)The hours on their website and their door say they are open until 11pm I convinced my wife to walk here and they were closed at 10:15. Apparently their posted hours are unreliable. Come here at your own risk.Awesome dinner!  Can't understand why this place isn't more crowded. Had Redfish St Charles and my daughter had the BBQ shrimp. Both were excellent but paled in comparison to the amazing lemon ice box pie. Ambience was casual but nice. Service was friendly and fast. Highly recommend!Was very impressed with this places. We came in kind of early, a little after 5. Had very great service with Scott, very attentive. We ordered the crawfish beignets to start with and they were delicious! It tasted like the crawfish was mostly in the cheese dipping sauce that came with them and it was a good thing to start with. We each ordered cocktails and certain drinks were half off since it was happy hour. I got the taco platter and tried all three tacos. There was a mix up with my order where I had said I wanted to try all three kinds with one being shrimp and I ended up with three shrimp tacos. But our waiter fixed this quickly and it worked out. All three tacos were delicious. Great place!!Tia was amazing! Let's talk about this oyster blt, it was super amazing! The ambiance and everything about this place is nice!!! I'm so impressed! Try this place pls guys! I would like to come back when I am in town again.I had dinner here while staying at the Renaissance hotel in which the restaurant is located. After eating lots of fried, heavy food during Mardi Gras, I was aching for some fresh greens. The Tuna Tango salad was just the ticket: a big portion of seared tuna in a honey ginger dressing, accompanied by a nice green salad. I also had a few bites of the pecan bread pudding for dessert, and it was rich and hot and just a tad bit mushy and everything you want from bread pudding -- definitely a good option to share with friends, as the portion is HUGE. 
They also do room service for the hotel. Since some of the people gathering at the bar were kind of annoying/loud, I'd probably get my food delivered next time.The buffalo chicken salad was amazing & once he started serving me the bar tender was very pleasant!  I didn't like the porch swing and definitely don't recommend it.  The bartender was nice even to make me another drink.  That one was a lot better but not great.  The atmosphere of the place is also very low key and the decor is beautiful!Beautiful restaurant, but sadly the food and waitstaff didn't match. The blue cheese chips were so drenched in oil, we couldn't even finish them. My buffalo chicken salad was soggy since there was so much dressing. The chicken in the salad tastes exactly like the frozen crisper chicken tenders you get from Chilis. Also, the only time we saw our waitress (Nancy) was when she took our order; other employees brought our drinks, appetizers, meals, and even our checks. She made no effort to interact with us and ensure our meals were satisfactory. At first we thought maybe she was on break or left for the night. But nope, we saw her interacting with the table next to ours. I'm not sure why we only saw her at the beginning of our visit. The only reason this review isn't a 1 star is because our drinks were delicious. Kuddos to the bartender.I would give 10 stars if I could. I stayed at the hotel during thanksgiving holiday and came here often. First of all, the decor is amazing. Very rustic industrial chic.
Breakfast: Praline Coffee was tasty, not too sweet or sugary. Beignets had a little too much dough for my liking but still really yummy. Shrimp and Grits were AMAZING. I had never had grits before and it was delicious. 
Dinner: Best Ribs of my life. Ribs fall off the bone, kale-slaw was soon good and I don't even  like coleslaw but this one had kale. Baked Potato was massive and filling. 
Service was great. The waiters were very friendly and the hostess was sweet. I would definitely come back again and eat here and bring others because it was my favorite.Definitely above average hotel bar! Had several breakfasts and lunch, and also visited  their coffee bar and no complaints. Food came out fast too which was impressive as there was often a large group attending a conference with limited time for lunch. Management was visible and observed delivering the food so the staff could better serve the bar patrons. Huge shout out to Stevie. If I lived in this area I would return just to see him. He made us feel like we were life long friends within minutes, so helpful with our plans and was very funny. The other guys, eh, but Stevie is the man. If you are staying at the hotel, you have got to visit this place! If you aren't, well, in my opinion, it's still worth the walk for some good food and fun art.We enjoyed an early dinner here while visiting New Orleans. There was no wait for a table since we were there around 4:30. It's a large area though, with lots of tables, along with couch areas too. Our server was nice & service was good overall. Our food was good as well. I had red fish with crawfish dressing. The fish was delicious! The dressing was tasty but very heavy on the cornbread & just a few tiny crawfish mixed in. My husband had a brisket sandwich & thought it was good as well. Our son ordered a waffle off the kids menu. This was our one issue with this restaurant. The waffle had tiny bits of bacon mixed in but this wasn't indicated on the kid's menu. For anyone with dietary issues, just be aware. He ate around the bacon as best he could, and the server offered to have another made without bacon (we declined but appreciated the offer). Overall, a nice dining experience. The Warehouse District is much quieter than the French Quarter & it's a very nice area to spend time in. It's great to see so many restaurants in this part of New Orleans.I had the tuna salad and it amazing if you like spicy fresh and light  I also loved the limoncello champagne cocktail. The male server though was not very friendly hence why I did not give it a 5star. It felt that he was annoyed the whole time.Great atmosphere but it took forever to get seated even though they seem quite slow.  
Then they brought out Salmon that was raw and two in our party got their food 10 mins after the rest of us were done eating. 
The food wasn't bad but given the chooses nearby, I won't be back.What a great CBD option!  Excellent, super courteous service.  My first visit here two weeks ago left me a little disappointed.  The food was excellent, but I ordered a 'salad' with tuna and I was served a plate of tuna with what appeared to be a side salad.  Despite the portion disappointment in the salad, the tastes and flavors (yes, flavorS) of my dish was truly amazing.  Everyone at the table thoroughly enjoyed their food.  
On both visits, the waitresses were hi-quality, professional staff.  Very courteous, well-spoken, pleasant, and smiling.  Yes, that does make a difference in any dining experience.  I tried something different today, just the soup and salad combo.  Simple, but very delicious!  Again, the table concurs; the food is excellent.
Nicely added touches;  the wait staff places a decanter of water on your table right away; the silverware is the of the heavy, well-balanced variety (Yes, I'm spoiled.  I like good silverware); and the tables are spaced at nice intervals to lend to private conversation.  
One tip for the ladies:  bring a sweater, the room is a bit chilly.  
If you're in the CBD, take a walk to 700 Tchoupitoulas (across the street from Lucy's).  It will be worth the walk (or ride... Oooo, valet parking too.).  Enjoy!!I absolutely love this place! I like to eat healthy as much as I can but very hard to do in Nola! The Simple Grill Fish of the day with no oil is excellent! I love the atmosphere and the decor is very interesting to the eye!Awesome food and service. Ordered the Mi Casa chicken, very tender and the black beans and rice were by far the best.Staff recommendation of wine/cocktail were perfect. The turtle soup- delicious. I got the seared ahi tuna salad and it was just right. Soooooo good. 
I need to mention service is faster than ever, but I didn't feel like I was being rushed. Servers were attentive, but although I was alone, didn't hang about and make it awkward. 
This place is convenient and well-done. The decor fits so well with the warehouse district setting. I'll be back!OMG GET THE DUCK NACHOS.  For real though. You won't regret it! The portion was massive and we couldn't finish them. I had the Garden District Club and my hubby had the ribs. I basically doubled my grocery bill when I married this man - and I have two kids! - but even he couldn't finish his food. Everything was cooked to perfection and we wound up taking three boxes home. This was our absolute favorite spot in New Orleans!We came here for a large group business lunch (23 people)!  Service was decent and no issues with the kitchen.  It was a Monday lunch, so thankfully not very busy so we were able to eat and get back to our meetings on time. I had the fried shrimp appetizer and seared ahi tuna salad (dressing on the side) which were both tastyJust arrived from Dallas and waiting on hotel room at Old 77 so we decided to stop in here. So glad we did. Started with Moscow Mule and Porch Swing and it was all good after that. The fried chicken with crawfish stuffing was perfect and the dining experience was complete with kale cole slaw.  Pleasant atmosphere and cool decor topped it off. Very pleased with our first stop in NO.Great tasting ribs and kale slaw. Filet and potato were just as good. Hope to return some time in the future for bread pudding. Brittney provided great service, including bringing me a special BBQ sauce concoction she likes for the ribs.Fantastic catfish and gumbo. It was a perfect dinner a little on the pricey side but the quality of food is defiantly worth it. If your looking for a great drink try their porch swing I think it's peach vodka and sweet tea and fresh mint...yummmm!The atmosphere and the lighted sign out front (at night) were the two things that attracted me to Legacy Kitchen. The food was seriously lacking though. Most of the menu items were either fried or seafood. If you're not a seafood fan, then this isn't the place for you. Meh, we won't be back but it was a good effort. I think you're better going for a late night happy hour (food/drink specials) are on point!We felt like a night off liquor and creole. He got a serviceable burger. I ordered the Victory Chicken salad. Ugh. Spring greens swimming in walnut vinaigrette with the absolute worst corporate chicken I've ever had. Was I being punished? Maybe. They have a grill, as evidenced by the hamburger on my husband's plate. This chicken gave its life for nothing. Why can't they grill a chicken breast? This was precooked, sliced and stored in some cryovac bag. Blech. Skip the salads.Great food, lackluster service.  Food arrived col at the table but they remade the dish as soon as we asked.  Everyone has a rough day, I would try it again.  Beautiful environment and nice comphy chairs.Came here on business trip based on the positive overall review rating but Legacy proves you cannot judge a book by its reviews. 
Draught machine not working was my first red flag. Held out for dinner - waiter was ambivalent on recommendations. Second red flag. Noticed place was empty for a friday night. Third red flag. Ordered fried fish sandwich. Fish was overcooked, overbreaded, and quite frankly undersized. Save your calories for elsewhere.  There are way better options.There was far less "craft" in this restaurant than expected.  None of the pictures posted for this restaurant look like the food or drinks we got.  New Orleans is known for great food, and this is extremely standard food, basically like going to a Chili's or Applebee's.  We got the spinach and artichoke dip, and everything is served on the thick white plates you'd see in most buffet restaurants.  It came with hot sauce on the side that tastes exactly like Taco Bell fiesta sauce.  The spinach and artichoke dip had no flavor and not enough salt.  It was extremely boring.  I got a fried chicken sandwich for dinner, and the breading immediately fell off the chicken.  The slaw on it had no flavor.  My husband had a pulled pork sandwich, which he described as "standard".  The French fries were good.  There was really nothing on the menu that was elevated.  This isn't a craft restaurant, nor do they have a craft beer selection that's worth anything.  It's very much like a chain restaurant, except far more expensive ($70 for two drinks, spinach artichoke dip in a 1 cup sized ramiken, a chicken sandwich, and a pulled pork sandwich).  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  The service was pretty good.  I'm disappointed I spent one of my few nights in New Orleans eating here.Wide variety of food. We had their specialty Legacy Burger, very good!!!  Service was excellent!  All other employees very friendly.This was our first restaurant stop in New Orleans. The inside is pretty nice with the high and low tables and unique looking chairs. They had the a/c on which was great, and the place was pretty empty so no wait. We started out with drinks on the happy hour menu and ordered some lunch. The legacy smash is a good choice if you like fruity drinks like me. 
For lunch I got the crab claws which came out on the cool/cold side. The food was smaller than I expected, but it had a lot of flavor. The two pieces of bread if cake with were perfect for dipping in the butter. 
Overall it was an ok experience. The food tasted good but I did leave hungryDelicious food, beautiful restaurant , fried chicken was just the way
I like it and the Server was greatThe food was pretty good. I had the BBQ shrimp Pasta, the loaded duck nachos( which were a let down) and the Chinatown shrimp was amazing! it was pretty good. I wish we had a better server, but I went twice so I gave it a 4 star review.One of my new favorite restaurants outside the quarter. If you love fried chicken, make sure you come on Wed or Sunday when they serve it - it's incredible. I love their drink selection and salads as well.PROS:
Ceasars dressing with real anchovies,wonderfully salty shoestring fries, delicious Duck chili, Turtle soup and very quick service 
CONS:
Sent back steak, served rare, not medium and Bread pudding more like a dense cinnamon bun though, still tasty. 
The Vintage decor, including antique foozeball and shuffle board is warm and welcoming. Atmosphere lively but family friendly. Maybe a touch loud when crowded.Victory salad and beers equals. Amazing night at Legacy kitchen. Service was slow at first, but I think the bartender was on break when I arrived. Since then the staff has been friendly and keeping me company as I watch the blackhawks game alone, but in spirit witg all Chicagoans. They are so sweet, checking in on me and the game, making me feel local instead of the loner cheering on my team. Great service!Excellent find while touring downtown New Orleans. We were just heading back to our hotel from the World War II museum (also a must go!) and ran across this place. Glad we went inside! Great food, atmosphere, and service!As a vegan, I find it hard eating at restaurants that don't have have many vegetarian options. But Legacy had a veggie burger, so I thought I'd give them a shot.
I'm used to making weird orders, mixing up things on the menu, and I ordered the Sweet Chili burger with the veggie patty and no cheese. The waiter said no problem. When my burger came to me worth cheese on it, I said to the server "Oh, I'm sorry but I asked for no cheese." She apologized and quickly rushed it back to the kitchen. Not a big deal, something may have gotten mixed up.
Shortly after the manager came out to ensure they got my order right. I was overwhelmed with the attention my order was getting. He offered to grab me something in the meantime, which wasn't long at all.
Though it is pricey, the quality of service and delicious food makes Legacy worth your time.The service was good, but the food was nothing to rave about. In a city like New Orleans, there are a million other options. Especially if you are from out of town-- go somewhere worth your money and your taste buds!This place was perfect in every way! Food was fresh and service was amazing! Scott was out server and did an excellent job! Great atmosphere. Played a good mix of music and just the write volume for a restaurant. Burgers were great! Chicken a waffles were amazing and the deserts are to die for!Americana vibe, soulful and friendly staff. The decor catches your eye off the bat and keeps you engulfed throughout. The food is served with a friendly smile and welcoming generosity. Monchelle treated us well with her warm laugh and genuine recommendations. Splitting a Chicken and Waffle and Pork Belly sandwich (both first time eats for me) was a wonderful suggestion by Monchelle. The vibe, atmosphere and food above all, are worthy of 5 stars. New Orleans food had exceeded my expectations and I plan to return just for another piece. The Legacy Kitchen is a staple of local cuisine and they deliver on taste. You'll be beyond pleased with this selection. Enjoy!Food was excellent. Soft shell crab was perfect. Server was friendly and attentive. I recommend the porch swing from the bar. Wonderful flavor. Would definitely come back.Veggie burger was AMAZING. Grilled asparagus was good too! I'm vegan so finding options in NO is tough. But this place didn't disappoint. Service was a little slow but overall a good experience.We really liked this place! We were in New Orleans on vacation and our hotel was in walking distance to L. K. Our waiter was nice and very attentive. We got the spinach and artichoke dip,   chicken and waffles, the turkey bacon club sandwich, and the huge chicken sandwich they have. All the food tasted amazing and came out hot.Absolutely amazing dinner! First night in NOLA. 
First time trying chicken and waffles and it was delicious. And, the cheese burger was equally amazing! 
Highly recommend!!Is it based on the reviews the veggie burger. It is just a plain old black burger despite the description. Definitely not worth trying. Definitely A great ambience but other than that no reason to go.Got take out from the bar. Bartender was friendly but put in our order wrong. We got two burgers, the legacy and the cheeseburgers but ended up getting two cheeseburgers with the wrong cheese on both as well as RAW PATTIES.  We asked for a little pink but this was ridiculous. Worst part was it took 30 minutes to cook a raw patty and no one else was in the resturant. The bartender was sweet and offered to buy us a coffee for waiting. We didn't realize how undercooked the meat was until we left. We won't be coming back because of the food but the wait staff was very niceBeen to quite a few New Orleans restaurants and I have NEVER been disappointed. So I was really upset that I spent one of my few days in the city here. First of, most of us ordered sandwiches and burgers which typically come out fast. After waiting like 45 minutes I asked one of the waiters when our food was going to come out. She went to check in the kitchen and she said our food was being made. We got the food about 10 minutes after that. So if I wouldn't have even asked I'd probably still be waiting for my ham and cheese sandwich right now. They bring out our food and I'm surprised to see a cold sandwich that you can order at the deli section of a gas station. If our sandwiches aren't even toasted why would it take so dang long for it to come out? Then I look at my sandwich and it has mayo (which is not indicated anywhere on item's description). So they had to take my sandwich again to remake it. I had to wait while watching everybody else eat their food. We also ordered a pulled pork burger which we were not happy with either. Another person ordered the waffle and fried chicken with basically no chicken on it. The own staff realized how little chicken it had that they brought us more without us even asking. The only reason I'm not giving this place a 1 Star is because after I complained the manager came over and apologized and took off my sandwich and the waffle and fried chicken. She should have given us everything for free after having to wait so much and having so many issues.Stopped in here for coffee and beignets. Both were pretty good. Can't beat Cafe du Monde but they were good and a more pleasant atmosphere. Also tried the pecan bacon. It was good too. The bartender seemed flustered and busy but there weren't many of us. Must be slow usually or she was short handed.If it weren't for the kids' meals is give it a worse rating. One kid had a waffle--light and fluffy yet crispy on the outside. The other had chicken fingers which a great crunchy shell-almost like tempura-and moist juicy chicken. Makes me suspect that the chicken and waffles entree would be a winner. 
But the adult meals- salads -were not good. Worried about the typical over-dressing leading to soggy salad so typical at restaurants, we asked for dressing on side. Took 20-25 minutes (during lunch) to come out and were drowning in dressing. Waitress never once came back to check on us. Had to waive someone else down to finally get our check and it turned out to be the manager. She asked about the meal and seemed confused to hear that it wasn't great, but did waive the cost of my wife's salad which she had barely touched. 
So try the chicken and waffles, or just eat off the kid's menu, and hope for a more attentive server.This was really good. I was looking for a great burger and this restaurant didn't disappoint! Service was good, it was a slow time for the restaurant. Food came out quickly and made to order. Sweet tea was perfect!Legacy Kitchen is a nice stop for anytime of the day.  It's been just as good for brunch as it has been for dinner.  The bleu cheese chips are a must for an appetizer.  This also serves as a nice stop for food before the early noon Saints games as they open before everyone else on Tchoupitoulas.  Last time I got the salmon dip sandwich with bacon.  The fish was fresh which is always nice.  If you're looking for a nice fun wake up call, you can't go wrong with Irish Coffee.We ordered the blue cheese truffle chips and fried chicken with waffles. The waffle had bacon mixed in the batter (yum) and the syrup was really good . Excellent food, cool ambiance. Can't miss by choosing this spot.Stopped here for brunch on a quiet monday, WOW!
Fantastic breakfast cocktails, and THE BEST chicken and waffles ever!  No idea how they get the chicken so perfectly tender and fried at the same time.   SO good!The St Charles Redfish with Crawfish cornbread may be the best thing I have eaten this year. Kudos to Chef Curtis Moss Jr.Great service and the first place I found in New Orleans with a vegetarian option. The best veggie burger I've ever had!Food was average to subpar, and horrifically overpriced. $16 for a small cheeseburger. Atmosphere was pretty good though.We had a great experience here! Great food, service and atmosphere. Would recommend to anyone looking for a casual dinner with friendsThis was the most atrocious experience I have ever had.  Absolutely no excuses!  Walked in...there was a wait...25 minutes.  Hostess asked my name told her...We waited and waited...I kept seeing new people walking in and getting seated...So I asked the hostess where was my name on the list...She had my name completely wrong. Ashton...Really?  So, they sat us quickly at the bar.  Waited almost 15 minutes for a menu.  The bartender was AWFUL.  Ordered drinks.  I got Tito's and cranberry. YUCK.  My friend got a bloody mary.  It was like water.  We ordered the crawfish cornbread skillet and the club.  We were splitting both.  The cornbread comes out first.  Completely cold...Totally ridiculous.  I called the manager over as if he didn't believe us...He stuck his finger in it to make sure.  WHAT?!  Our club came out it was fine...The manager said that he would take the cornbread off the ticket.  The bartender was arguing with us I mean the manager got you a new dish.  We had to bring him over again to discuss what he had told us.  Needless to say I was not a fan of Legacy well you can bet now I will NOT step foot into another one.  There is no way this place will survive.  We were there 2 hours! Awful.  Bartender needs a new job, too.This review is solely for this location. Prices are higher here than other locations. I had a fly in my food. They took that plate off of the bill (it was a side) but didn't compensate me in any other way. I prefer the Legacy Kitchen in Metairie.What a cool place. Decor is pretty awesome. Only had drinks but the menu looks really good. Drinks are not watered down at all unlike most places. Service was great.This is one of the best restaurant that We tried while visiting New Orleans. It has a unique menu combination, a warming atmosphere, and knowledgeable service. It's a bit pricey and everything is a la carte, but it is well worth it. Will definitely go again.Only go if your phone has a good charge.  You'll need it to kill time. Maybe it's different with day staff but on a Monday evening with a few tables to care to....it was brutal. So, be patient friends because the service is so.....darn....slow.  Also, the side dish is not edamame, it's succotash.   FYI.  Food was just meh.Solid food, maybe with portions a bit too large on carbs and low on the protein (basically, too much potato and not as much egg as I would have wanted). The chocolate beignets were really good, and so were their coffee concoctions. Great alternative to the ruby slipper if you don't want to wait for two hours!Went here for a casual meal after dinner. Staff was polite, atmosphere was nice. Location was convenient for me, I like the warehouse district more than the French quarter and uptown due to smoother wider roads and easier to navigate. My meal was good. Had the Cajun Queso which was pretty good for queso and as the name suggests, it has a spicy bite to it and they add Tasso.  I had the legacy burger, not bad but nothing spectacular. Then again I did ordered a burger and wasn't expecting much. Wife ordered a lobster roll and pretty much the only place on New Orleans that offers a lobster roll on the menu! So that was excellent. The server was extra polite and made sure to follow up on our extra requests and I was pleasedGreat decor. The space felt very roomy, had a rustic feel, and there were so many unique objects and art pieces around the room. Great food. Loved my hamburger but the other items on the menu looked fantastic too. It's probably not the place to go if you're looking for some veggies though I'll admit they seem to be hard to find anywhere around here!Yep! I owe NOLA this review. I love Legacy Kitchen and the NOHSC Brand that it's under. BUT, BUT, BUT.....for being in a downtown NOLA hotel, you have to step your game up. The city was flooded today with people like me taking advantage of NOLA Museum Day. That means locals and tourist and then some. My son and I came in for coffee and beignets rather than going to Cafe Du Monde, regrets! I got a different order from what I asked for. I also got my coffee creamer brought to me by a half gallon of milk to my table! Really guys?! And please let me add in that I passed 4 people before I was acknowledged because I stopped him to ask him for help........This is an excellent restaurant for being in a hotel. We ate at the bar. As told by the bartender, this is a local chain, in business around NOLA about 5 years, at the Renaissance for a few months. I had the salmon and it was cooked perfectly. A sIde of sautéed spinach looked heavenly but was sadly under seasoned. I would definitely give these guys a try. Their menu is short, but has all bases covered. The atmosphere is eclectic, steel/warehouse meets turn of the century. I enjoyed the experience & talking with the staff.Delicious redfish! Smothered in asparagus and mushrooms, the fish itself was blackened and cooked perfectly. Crawfish casserole on the side was pretty good too. Nice local beer selection and friendly service at the bar.Incredibly disappointing. A tiny salad with tasteless cheese and cold chicken for $15. Unfortunately, not many great options around the area and this is one of the not great ones. Low quality ingredients. Service decent thoughSo the decor is really cool,  it look like if modern and hipster had a baby. The food was okay, I was expecting more comfort like dishes, like a meatloaf and mash. I had their fried chicken sandwich, yes please! The chicken was juicy and the flavor was strong the bun I didn't care for it could have been softer or just a more suited bun to bring out the chicken even more. The ranch slaw thing that they created was awesome sauce! I don't like coleslaw because its usually wet and full of no flavor, this was different it was crunchy and had little burst of flavor and paired with the fried chicken match made in heaven. My friends had the steak and baked potato, all three of them had to send their potatoes back due to it not being even warm. And two of my friends had the steak and was not pleased. One complained about it having a burnt taste. So it was suppose to be like a Hawaiian steak but I think since they were so used to Houston's steak where its juicy with a sweet glaze. This steak was more like they cooked it with the glaze on and the sugar burned on the sides and a little on the top. And both said the steak wasn't juicy. I also had their craw fish cornbread dressing, I'm not sure if it was because we came at night, but the texture of the dressing was like it was cooked a few days ago. There was only a few areas were moist, I feel bad because it had potential. 
Finally, the part most look forward to with all New Orleans restaurants, a good drink. Well folks this is not the place. I had the long island ice tea and I was still sober the WHOLE time. I feel like if you pay more than 11 bucks for a drink then can they hire someone who knows how to make a drink, I don't need all of the sour mix and a splash of liquor its the other way around. And if you are going to make a drink like that then don't charge so much I paid 13 bucks for sour mix drink on ice. My friends all had different drink from the pims cup and the porch swing or something to that effect all saying the same, there was a warm feeling for about 7 minutes, but not anything worth saying I had a New Orleans drink. 
The balance was the staff was really friendly and that chicken sandwich.Me and my boyfriend are here after hearing about it from a friend. We were seated at a very small table and waited a period of time before we were greeted by our waitress. The menu was pretty basic but the prices were outrageous. My boyfriend had the chicken and waffles which was pretty basic but at a premium price. We will not be returning.Decent place to get a quick bite. Tried the Cuban chicken. Not bad but lacked flavor. Next time I'll try the burgerI have been here before and liked my visit in the past. There was a price mix up at the bar recently and I ended up paying $25 for one drink. I went to the legacy website and complained. I had an immediate respond via phone. The manager was super nice and apologetic. That is true service. Heading back soon!!!!We are here right now on Christmas Day. Thank you for being open. We had a reservation and we were seated immediately. Hostess staff was friendly. Our waitress Alecia was very friendly. Convenient location and great atmosphere. I wish my order was just as great. Shrimp - Delicious. Just don't order the "thin" catfish. Thin here means "shaved" according to Stan the extremely unfriendly and unwelcoming manager with a very negative posture. He was not apologetic even though we said we understood and was just asking for confirmation that it was cooked the way it was supposed to be - it was actually fried cornmeal with a hint of lemon and you'll be lucky if you saw a hint of catfish. Again the waitress was 4 star management sucks.During our visit, we were literally the only table sitting down to eat, and yet the service was TERRIBLE. Our waitress was rude, dismissive, disinterested, and slow. 
On account of how bad the service was alone, I would leave this place one star, but the veggie burger was also the worst thing I have ever tasted. I was excited to try it, but it was so bad I could not even swallow a single bite. 
My husband had the baked potato soup and the salad, which he enjoyed, and the fries that came with my burger were good, so some of the food on the menu is tasty. Also, the woman who answered the phone when we called before coming to the restaurant was very helpful and friendly. Unfortunately, after how bad the service was from our waitress and how bad the veggie burger was, I would not return.I found this place through my TV (really random) and I immediately wanted to try it! I booked a reservation with a party of 7! Once I arrived there, our table was ready and I loved where they sat us! I ordered the blue cheese chips and a garden district club. The blue cheese chips were AMAZING, I highly recommend it as an appetizer! The garden district club consisted of various meats, bacon, lettuce, and shoe string fries. It is a hefty sandwich but I was a hungry gal and ate it all! I would suggest sharing meals if you don't come hungry, but if you come hungry you will definitely leave happy!Gross!  There's better food at McDonald's.  Over priced nasty food. So not worth it, would give a -0 if I could. Huge disappointment. Plenty of better restaurants in city,The staff at Legacy Kitchen were less than satisfactory upon my first visit to the restaurant. I placed an order 30 min prior to when I needed it. I called for pickup service so that I could grab & go. By the time I arrived, the staff seemed lacksidaisy around me. There didn't seem to be a sense of urgency despite my letting them know that I needed to get going soon for an appointment. Furthermore, the waitress helping me wasn't helpful at all. She failed to tell me that the order hadn't even been made yet and she snapped at me when I asked her how much longer did I need to wait because I was already out of time. I was so flustered and surprised by the attitude of the staff. The manager was there and didn't even bother to talk to me. Instead, I overheard her talking to her staff about what to do the next time someone places a pick up order with a requested pick up time. The nerve! I will never go there again and plan on writing in public forums like yelp and trip advisor about my horrible experience there.One of our best meals during our 6 days in New Orleans! Tacos very good, Salmon excellent, and the lemon icebox dessert off the charts. Very good service, and a pleasant modern/rustic ambiance.Started with a great cocktail and then a really good burger cooked just the way I ordered. Friend got chicken and waffles which were delicious - aside from the fact that they don't serve it with real maple syrup. Would definitely go again.Cocktails were interesting and fun. Limoncello with champagne. Crawfish beignets were delish.We loved this place! Great atmosphere and the service was exceptional. The red fish was AWESOME as was the bacon-wrapped shrimp. The portions were great for a nice place - we left FULL!  My little girl absolutely demolished a waffle, so I think it must have been great, also. I would definitely come back and recommend to others.Our server, Michael was great and is the only reason the restaurant gets more than one star.  He was attentive, but not overbearing and very  nice.  Great job, Michael!  The food, however, was not good.  We both ordered margaritas and tacos.  I had the pulled chicken tacos with black beans.  My boyfriend got the fish and shrimp tacos.  The tortillas were way too thick and chewy.  The fish, tasted and smelled fishy.  The pulled chicken was so dry and hard (and in chunks, not pulled) that I could barely swallow it with the thick tortilla.  To top the meal off, my side of black beans was ice cold.  My boyfriends were hot and tasted great, but mine were inedible.  The margaritas were ok, but not great.  We won't return.Thanks to Yelp, I had gotten vouchers for a free breakfast here and since I am never one to turn down free food, we headed over to happily spend the $30 gift card.
The place was pretty dead for Sunday brunch at 11am. That might be worth noting if you like Sunday brunch, but hate a wait. We were seated immediately and looked over the menu. As soon as I saw that they offered shrimp and grits, my decision was made. My boyfriend got a traditional breakfast of bacon, eggs and toast. I also got one of their nitro iced coffees.
The coffee was excellent. The shrimp and grits, on the other hand, was lacking something. First of all, there were only 4 tail-on shrimp in the entire dish. Second of all, it was kind of bland. I had to add salt to it to get any type of flavor out of it, and I usually never have to do that. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't on par with other versions of shrimp and grits in the city, so I wouldn't order it again. My boyfriend's traditional breakfast looked delicious and he mentioned that the bacon was nice and crispy.
Service was excellent and our waitress was nice and attentive. Maybe brunch just isn't their "thing" and I would love to try the place again at lunch time.HOO BOY. Was with a group of non-seafood waters, so needed to find an alternative. This was some of the finest fried chicken I've ever had! Perfectly cooked and very moist. We had the South Georgia chicken, chicken and waffles, and pulled pork, plus the limoncello champagne cocktail and the Legacy Smash...fresh strawberry, mint, and house rye. Fantastic. And shoestring fries to die for. 6/5 would visit again if I ever find myself in the Warehouse District again.Great food and atmosphere.  I highly recommend the fried chicken sandwich.  The sweet tea cocktail (I think it was called the Porch Swing) was excellent, as well!We are on our first vacation in about 5 years and this was the first restaurant of the trip...and goodness did we set the standard high! The restaurant itself is beautiful, the staff was very attentive and friendly and the food was amazing! This is a great place eat and we will absolutely be visiting again!Very good! Service was awesome. I had the NYC NOLA  pastronmy sandwich. It was delicious. The meat was lean. The home made fries were addictive. The spinach dip is must to try. The icebox lemon pie is a must on the desserts menu.10:30pm last call!? C'mon. The bar tender got an attitude when we asked if we could drink...pointed us to other bars in the neighborhood. Why have a bar in your hotel?!Our most recent experience at Legacy has totally changed my mind about this place.    Even though the chicken and waffles are good, they can't make up for the awful experience we had  on Saturday night.   We were greeted  by the host who told us "follow me" and then lead us through the dining room where they were numerous tables available  and then said, "no, follow me" and changed his direction to lead us to a lone table on the other side of the dining room.   Right beside the shuffleboard game!   I was shocked!   I certainly didn't want to make a scene because we were there for a family birthday celebration.  Totally uncomfortable!  The entire time we were there I sat with my back to people playing shuffleboard within one foot of my head and kids and adults loudly talking, screeching and yelling.   So badly, that my husband, who is way more laid back than me, had to speak to the kids!    Although my family assured me that the little puck or whatever they use in shuffleboard would stay on the table, I was afraid it was going to hit me!       The food was alright, but we paid way too much for a burger, two club sandwiches and one chicken and waffle order and one round of drinks.     Especially since we had the worst table in the place.    We won't be back and will not recommend them to anyone.    And we run a boutique hotel, we could send them lots of business, but we won't.Service is SLOW, kitchen closes early, menu not that enticing, but somewhat interesting drinks when you can be served.My least favorite meal of our trip (we came for dinner). I'd describe the food as (average) bar quality- competently prepared, served in generous portions, but with monotonous flavors and therefore unexceptional. This was disappointing given the price and the previous Yelp reviews. Service was fine, but a bit chilly. The best feature about the meal was the restaurant space itself- clean, new and warehouse chic (do people say that?); also connected to the Renaissance hotel, which offers clean and modern bathrooms in the lobby.My husband and I ate here and it was delicious. I had salmon and broccoli and he had the catfish St. Charles. We also had blue cheese chips as an appetizer. Our server was great and the atmosphere was perfect for a night out. We can't wait to go back.Nice decor and clean. We had the tuna salad and crawfish beignets.
Both were very good. What staff very friendly.So happy to have this spot: wedge salad to die for...So. Georgia chicken sandwich is Dee-lishVery pleasant staff to this person who was eating alone. When I ordered grits for the first time ever, the waiter made sure I liked them. Food was tasty, and service was prompt.Literally was terrible. We sat at the bar and the food took forever. The waitress thought our IDs were fake, when they were not and said she had "never seen one of these before"... an Alabama ID. We ordered our food and it took forever. Once it came, we asked the waitress for a side of ranch and a refill on our sodas. We ate for 30+ minutes annnnd never got a new drink or ranch, after asking 3 separate times. Service is bad. Drinks are overpriced. Bartenders are rude.Discovered this place thanks to yelp looking for a place to eat after Wednesday at the Square. I had the Ribeye with crawfish cornbread soufflé as a side my wife the chicken and waffles both dishes were amazing!!!! The steak was cooked to perfection medium-rare. Great atmosphere, great date night spot loved it will come back. Service was excellent!!This is comfort food heaven. Alex, our waiter, is professional and attentive.  Cipriana , our hostess, is very welcoming and cordial. 
Their chicken tenders are very crisp and tender and taste amazing.  Ditto the waffles.
Do try their creamed spinach.
The buffalo chicken salad is a meal in itself and don't skip out on the crab & corn bisque.
My daughter loved the shoe string fries.
We couldn't finish the duck nachos.
The food here is Delicious!
They have large portions so come hungry.I really enjoyed this place. It's a cool ambience, and service is excellent. I had the signature redfish with crawfish cornbread stuff and that was absolutely delicious. Drinks were good, and dessert (lemon icebox pie) was awesome!
Would definitely return!Stopped in with my boyfriend for a quick bite to eat while we were in NOLA. The restaurant reminded us of a swank hippie restaurant in NYC. Love the decor and the young feel of the place . Food was delicious and was served a hefty portion. The burger was delicious ! Only thing giving it a 4 was that we felt rushed by the server who came to our table multiple times to ask if we were done with our food after saying No each time . Fun hang out place to chill and still feel like your in a great place .Love this place because of 5 key things you want in a restaurant experience: wonderful tasty food, friendly efficient staff, great ambiance, reasonable prices, and attentive management. 
We visited New Orleans from out of town and were looking for a nice dinner. We made sure to tell the general manager, Richard, how much we enjoyed our food and service. It was so delicious we went back for breakfast. It was delectable! I don't recommend many establishments but this is worth writing about.Great lunch spot. We were able to walk in and get a table right away. I have the corn and crab bisque which was delicious. I also ordered a kids grilled cheese which was huge, plenty of food for an adult. They service was good, everyone was very friendly. It look a little time for our food to come but it was pretty busy at lunch time.
The decor is awesome, Edison lights everywhere. Old rustic looking place. Overall great experience!Really liked the ambience! Ashley was our server and super friendly and helpful. Delicious Moscow mules! Our son was very content with the kids waffle with bacon. My Legacy burger was delicious, except for the bun being slightly dry. My other half had the pulled pork sandwich; again well-prepared, but marred by a dry bun. Iced Lemon pie was amazing! Good size portion - two could easily split itGreat breakfast! Fun setting, Stevie was super attentive. Nola breakfast, build your own omelette ... great way to start the day.Gluten free friendly, great service, and a fun ambiance! Per the manager, whose 9-year old daughter is a celiac, up to 80% of the menu can be made gluten free!My Legacy Kitchen experience was like any typical American food restaurant. Located in the heart of New Orleans, surrounding the French Quarter, it is a cute, clean and nice place to enjoy food. It is connected to a hotel which causes the prices to be a little on the higher side but I can't complain about the food or the service. Although the ribs are the all time favorite there, I ordered the Legacy Burger which i enjoyed thoroughly. The food was fresh and hot for everyone at my table and the atmosphere was delightful. Parking can be an issue if you aren't staying at the hotel and the prices may discourage a lot of people. Will I go back? Probably not... but I do encourage others to try it at least once, they might like better than I did.There's one reason why we went to Legacy Kitchen the first time and one reason why we return.    Chicken and waffles.      They are served with two syrup choices, pepper jelly and maple.   The pepper jelly is my favorite.    They would have gotten 5 stars, but they don't have coke zero.   Just diet coke.   Coke zero tastes so much better than diet coke and they have coke products, so why not include coke zero too, y'all?      It's a really pretty place too, with plate glass windows all across the front and sides with trendy decor.  I don't really care for their dining chairs, since I am a mere 5' tall, when I sit back in them, my feet don't even touch the floor.  My hubbie is 6'2" and if he leans forward in them, they want to tip over.    We are so spoiled, aren't we?   Complaining the chairs.  Who cares, gimme my chicken and waffles!I went to the one in Metairie right after it opened a while back and didn't like it at all, so I was disappointed when some other people wanted to go to the Tchoupitoulas location a few months ago. I was pleasantly surprised  that this location was much better. I've been back several times since. Usually I get the buffalo chicken salad, occasionally a soup. I've tried a few others dishes as well. Some days are better than others...sometimes the salad is a little wilted like it was prepared too early or maybe was left from the day before. Overall it is good, though, with consistent service.Now that legacy kitchen has changed this the there "craft bar" it horrible... I ordered the duck nachos (that looked awesome!) Sadly, the only think actually on the nachos that the menu sad would be was the duck. Sad day. I am still not sure what the "gravy/chili" that was on it was, but it was nasty. All in all I ordered it blindly and I take the L for that... if you go ask questions!I ordered the Mi Casa Grilled Chicken. It was described as black beans, chicken, and avacado with lime and cilantro. What came out was indian style beans and rice instead of black beans. The waiter gave no warning that the menu was incorrect and he mumbled the whole time. The chicken was actually pretty good, but the beans had almost no flavor and the rice was undercooked. Don't waste your time and money here.Matt is amazing!! He has the best customer service and super funny!  We'll be back to visit.We came during lunch on a Thursday afternoon. As soon as we were seated, we were completely forgotten. We were told our server will be here shortly but I guess their definition of "shortly" is probably never. There was no water and we had to walk back to the host and ask for it. The host had to take our appetizers order and again, we were told our server will be here. Minutes later (again), no one came. We had to ask someone who worked there to take our orders... maybe we were sitting in a Bermuda triangle or our server is supposed to be the undead.. that probably will rise after dark. I don't understand how other servers could walk by and don't notice us at all. For the table next to us, as soon as they sat down, there was a server. Wow, i am just baffled. 
The food is not bad.. ESP the blue cheese chips and kale Caesar. However, with it being New Orleans and there are better food with better service out there, this one is easily forgotten. Well, maybe not since the lousy or lack of service makes me so mad that I kind of remember it. Will I go back again? Hell no.Waited a day to write this review because we wanted to give it a 2nd chance, actually a 3rd chance. My family and I went for breakfast yesterday am and were seated right away. Then we proceeded to wait about 15 minutes before the server took the time to take our orders, which of course we all knew what we wanted by then. Sadly the table sat after us had ordered and received drinks before the server got to us. We received our breakfast in a fair amount of time. The meal was average. We actually went back for drinks and apps in the afternoon in the bar area to watch football. We sat at a table in the bar area, I went to the bar to order drinks and food, and a bartender did come to the table to serve us. But I had to ask for more drinks and when we were ready to go, I had to go to the bar to ask for my bill. So, the next am, today, my wife and daughter decided to go sit at the bar at 11:30am to order breakfast. They were told that there wasn't any breakfast left, so they ordered coffee and beignets. Over the next 45 minutes, other people came in and sat at the bar, and were served drinks and food. My wife had to ask more than once for their drinks, which they finally received and then had to ask for refills. After 45 minutes, my wife complained to the bartender who agreed it was taking too long so the bartender trashed the bill and said it would be free. By then, I arrived at the bar and my wife and daughter decided it was time to go, so we left without getting served 6 beignets. As I am writing this, I am realizing we should not have given it a 3rd try, but coffee and beignets? 45 minutes? I guess the reason we did is because it is located off the lobby of the hotel we are staying. I do recommend the hotel, but there are so many more restaurants in NOLA that I am sure have much better service.Have you had the best chicken and waffles on the planet? If you haven't had them here, the answer is probably "no". The bacon infused waffle tastes awesome with the chicken on top. The pepper jelly is the perfect blend of sweet and heat. Our service was perfect. This place is definitely worth checking out!They make a good dirty martini and the gumbo was good. The place was dead and I ordered southernGeorgia fried chicken sandwich and it was very plans and dry. Ordered kettle chips with it and they were meh. For the price, I really expected a juicy and flavorful piece of chicken. The ambience is cool...very retro, meets country, meets steampunkish vibe. Service was good...price vs final product was meh...3/5 is fairI had the soft shelled crab BLT and it was truly delicious. We ate at the bar where Brandon and Amy took care of us with cocktails, beer and food suggestions. The place has a good vibe. Comfortable and friendly. Will definitely be back.SLOOOOOOW service & kitchen, rude staff. Food is mediocre at best with limited options and they usually run out of things. 
Food is way over priced for the quality. You're paying for the decor and location.Best Bloody Marys ever!!!! And their French fries are addictive!! We had Genevieve as our waitress and she was so friendly! We asked for the recipe for the bloody Mary's and she had the bartender come over and tell us all about them! Then they gave us some mix to take home and wrote the recipe out for us!! I would recommend this place to everyone!!Stayed at the Renaissance Hotel adjoining this restaurant on Fat Tuesday. The first time we dined here it was out of necessity. Pleasantly surprised by the antique decor, game theme, and amazing food....We fought over the alligator bites (a 12yr old and a 14yr old!!) Fresh, hot beignets in a bag filled with powder sugar is our new favorite thing, took bags of them home to prove it. I must now have flake salt on my fries. Only problem I discovered was having to ask for ketchup at every meal, but maybe that's a New Orleans thing  Wish I was there this minute, eating!The moment I glanced in the amazing kitchen and saw everyone smiling and loving life, I knew I was in for a treat.
We started with blue cheese truffle chips and crawfish cornbread, and after that wonderful start we went into our respective entrees. Our server Ashley was great, and the food was easily some of the best we'd had in the city. Atmosphere was very nice as well, nothing too pretentious or gritty, just right for a brunch beginning for us.Location is a very nice walk from the convention center.  The gumbo was perfect.  I liked that the chicken and waffles had two different syrups but somehow I expected a wow.  It was good not wow.  Service was very good.  Would definitely recommend.I've been here twice; once for lunch and once for dinner. The service was outstanding each time. There was a humor and southern charm to our servers. I enjoyed the wedge salad both times. It is the BEST wedge salad I've ever had. My friends ordered the burger and pulled pork sandwich. All of these items were delicious but nothing compared to the ICE BOX LEMON PIE. There are no words to describe the joy that this dessert brought to my life!Wow this place has an excellent by the glass wine menu and some interesting cocktails I would like to try. I had the MiCasa Chicken which was done perfectly and delicious. The ambiance is a little noisy when the restaurant fills up, but the seating is varied (suitable for both large and small groups) and comfortable.Love this place . Best breakfast and drinks ! The staff and bartenders are very pleasant. Always stop here when we are in New OrleansThis is a very cool looking place! Attached to a hotel, but fun to look at and includes shuffle board Beside the bar. Our waitress was sweet and helpful. I chose he chicken and waffles. The waffles were quite bland but the chicken had a little spice and the jelly syrup was great! Service was fairly normal for a big group. Lots to do and look at while waiting.Came here for breakfast. Wow so delicious! Had the Texas toast blt with Texas toast, lettuce, mayo, bacon and perfectly cooked eggs. Served with crispy shoe string fries. They have a full coffee bar and they make their own oj. The bartender was very welcoming and friendly. She made suggestions if needed but overall just anticipated every question and need I had. Comfortable bar area, cool decor, just overall an awesome experience.By far one of the best menus during my trip. Delicious food out of the gross touristy area. Chicken and Waffles. Full stop. Great atmosphere and staff. Bartender was great.You wouldn't think so but for some unknown reason this half-classy sports restaurant turns out damn good modernised southern classics. Blackened fish and the marinated ribeye are good staples.Staff was fantastic and friendly at the bar. Recommended me a couple good options to eat. I ended up with the fried chicken sandwich. Absolutely delicious! Food was steaming hot and fresh. I will be going back on my next trip into town.Went to Legacy on a Saturday for lunch prior to attending a music festival. The decor is really eye catching, and the fully surrounding glass walls give you a nice view for people watching. We ordered blue cheese chips which were amazing, especially considering I normally don't even like blue cheese. My fiancée had the soup/salad combo with duck chili that was a perfect amount of richness, and I had the taco combo plate. All 3 tacos were superb, and a substitution for the crawfish cornbread was well worth it, as it was one of the best sides I have ever eaten!  I would highly recommend this restaurant.Insanely impressed with this restaurant. I was in town for a travel convention and needed a restaurant where I could entertain customers-one party of 12 and one of 8. James was so incredibly helpful and willing to work with me on a family style menu as well as splitting the bill on multiple credit cards. I had made several calls to restaurants near the convention center and just because of James, booked both of my lunches there! 
They worked within my 1.5 hour time constraint and everyone fully enjoyed themselves! Tia was an incredible server!! She handled both of the lunches and even remembered what we each had ordered to drink the day before during our second lunch. She was professional, dynamic and sincerely cared that we were there. 
Thank you to the entire Legacy Kitchen team for such great experiences!The place is a lofty style restaurant within a hotel. I didn't know that until I went to the bathroom---at the hotel. 
We ordered the chicken and waffles and the duck chili. The chicken was lightly floured and fried which made for a darn good chicken finger. Waffle was fluffy with nice chunks of bacon in it. The duck chili was good but nothing spectacular. It came with some stale tortilla chips. I should've had the duck fries as suggested by other yelpers -_- We also had the Moscow mule and a peach vodka tea concoction that my friend thought needed a little more sweetness. The prices are reasonable for a hotel restaurant but I was a little turned off by the small drinks for the price. Our waiter was friendly. I would come back to try the fries.I would give zero if possible. What a terrible experience from the second we waked in, the hostess was doing a ton of different jobs, that was the start of the problems to come. Waited 15 mins to get seated, only frustrating because there tons of empty tables and no one in line! Ordered spinach artichoke dip, $14 and you get about 6 oz. waited 20-25 mins for that to come, no silverware or napkins were ever given to us, so I had to walk back to the hostess and request napkins then she gave us two, but there were three of us....we got our check and left......smhWe were staying at the Doubletree Hotel down the street after spending 3 nights in the French Quarter.  We were looking for a good place to eat and used Yelp.  What an awesome find!  We walked in and were greeted warmly and has nothing less than exceptional service.  We started with the spinach and artichoke dip which was very good.  I had the Veggie Burger Melt - which when I received it, I was almost mistook it for a real burger - the texture was that real.  VERY GOOD - one of the best veggie burgers I have had to date.  My wife ordered the legacy burger which also great!  
Dessert... I had the praline toffee bread pudding and my wife had the chocolate cake.  Both were sinfully good.  If you are in the area, please stop by and have some delightful food.  You will not regret it!!Excellent place for a sandwich or to watch the game! Super nice staff, Kara was great, don't miss the Blue Cheese ChipsSeriously good food, great atmosphere and awesome people.
Make sure you get a taste of the Angry Pickles!!!Angie the bartender was amazing! I stayed her for my wedding weekend and the food was great! Angie was the show stopper and greeted us in the morning with her drink specialties! Everyone in my party loved her!We were sat very quickly. It was early in Sunday evening, so the place wasn't very busy.   Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu. The food was great!  I will go back for sure.Visited this restaurant with my family of 12 for lunch. Everything was delicious. I ordered the buffalo chicken salad and it was the best salad I have ever eaten! Would recommend this place to anyone!Couldn't be happier with delicious 3 dollar martinis, the best burgers, awesome bread pudding dessert and the best server Ryan.Great family restaurant. Kids enjoyed the chicken and waffles. I had Simple Salmon which was well seasoned. Hubby had southern fried chicken sandwich and stated it tasted like a regular sandwich. Great ambiance and good staff.It is not the restaurant's fault at all that this is four of five stars.  Def 5 stars for service but I just didn't try enough food.  On our first day back in New Orleans I was so mad at myself for making the rookie mistake of eating lunch and having drinks at Port of Call and thinking I could also enjoy a nice big dinner later!!  
Pushed the ressie from 7 to 7:30 but that didn't do much lol.  Was celebrating my 50th birthday and both the hostess and lovely waitress Amani acknowledged, thank you!  Had a delicious limoncello/champagne cocktail and that's about as far as my failed appetite could handle.  I got a side of the crawfish cornbread casserole, nice spicy kick to it, hubby got chicken and waffles so good with a spicy syrup.
But our asses had been firmly kicked in the afternoon so I declined to try what I had been dying to, the lemon ice box pie.  But lo and behold who comes out of the kitchen with a slice and a lit candle on it but Amani!  SO sweet!!  It was amazeballs!!  I wish I had been hungrier!!  
A lot has already been said about the decor (who doesn't love a giant tic tac toe game?)  The bar scene was starting to hop when we left to get our old butts to bed, DJ playing a good mix of tunes.   Would definitely come back again.On the 10th of December my girlfriend and I walked a block away from our hotel looking for a place to have breakfast. We walked in front of a sign that I saw which says "Coffee & Beignets" trying to understand if it was a place for breakfast. Unfortunately, where I saw the sign there was no entrance. A few seconds later a man saw us and he asked if we needed directions and when we told him what we were after he pointed us around the corner to enter this place called Legacy Kitchen. We entered and we were greeted by several ladies at a counter. One of them took us to a table where I ordered a café au lait ($3) and a 12 beignets ($4). Our waiter was kind enough to let me order 6 traditional and 6 chocolate beignets so I tasted the two kinds. The café au lait was good but nothing out of the ordinary (it's really only milk and coffee and nothing more than that). The beignets were fairly standard. The traditional was decent. The chocolate was passable. I preferred the traditional by far since the chocolate was weird.
This place has a good and relaxing atmosphere. I took my time to eat breakfast and it was nice to just sit, sip coffee and bite beignets.
One suggestion for the business is to make sure they use two entrances and, if one is sufficient, there should be signs on the side street to indicate where people should go to enter the establishment (this is a loss of potential business, particularly when it comes to tourists).ANGIE!!!!! The best mixologist!!!! Gourmet Spirits! Best service and even better Drinks!!!This is a new place in NOLA. We had our thanksgiving lunch there. It was wonderful. The service was perfect and the food delicious. We had turtle soup, pumpkin bisque, and obviously we had turkey. The corn bread stuffing was to die for. It's a bit far from the French quarter but we walked there and back. I highly recommend this place.Amazing atmosphere and the perfect Moscow Mule.
My husband and I were walking to the Garden District and making quick stops at air-conditioned bars on the way to stay cool and hydrated! This stop was the best! They have bar games, lots of seating, and excellent staff who know how to make delicious cocktails. 
It's connected to a hotel so there was also a coffee bar and restaurant - we didn't try either but they nice.We stopped in for an impromptu lunch and were more than pleased with what we found. The rice and beans that came with the roasted chicken were delicious. The soft shell crab special was a perfectly executed seasonal dish. Drinks were well mixed and service was friendly and prompt.Just grabbed a quick lunch here. I liked everything about this place which is off the lobby of the Renaissance Warehouse District. Good design, decor and seating. Kind of a funky place with good music. Was seated and served quickly. Had a veggie burger with kale slaw. It was great. Server was friendly and attentive. The menu looked like it had other good lunch options -- the special was an oyster BLT that was on the table next to me and looked awesome. The bar looks solid too.One of the better dining experience in New Orleans. Place is great to look at, I spent my time dining at the bar so I didn't scope out the entire place but with their full length windows and open space the decor is very modern and inviting. 
Staff is good, bartenders move quickly and are effective with their cocktails, they make well balanced but strong drinks. Hostess was friendly, no reservation meant no table but she was nice enough to escort me to the bar area.
The Talledega version of the triple taco platter was excellent. It is pulled pork with pepper jack topped with shoestring fries and BBQ sauce. Pork was moist and flavorful, I thought the fries would be an odd add-on but their saltiness boosted the total flavor.  Rice and beans were just okay, decent extra but don't really do much to compliment the awesomeness that is the tacos.
Excellent place to grab a meal and a cocktail.Fantastic food, I never order fish but my friends redfish was incredible. I had the roast chicken and loved it. On to the bar....one of the best whiskey and bourbon collections 8ve come across had all my favorites at great pricesThis restaurant was SO great!!
-very cool style
-great social hour specials (3pm-6pm)
-amazing service
-food was really excellentOverall a nice place. Bar area has some games and TV s and plenty of space. We had a the blue cheese chips as an app and they were great. For the meal, we had a steak and the catfish. The steak was perfect and the cream spinach was awesome. The catfish was not. It was cut so thin that by the time it was fried there was nothing but breading. It looked like a lot but it wasn't good. I had better catfish at the airport. We also tried the beignets for dessert. They were doughy and raw, not worth it.The food at this restaurant was nothing special and way over priced. The waitress had an attitude the whole time and was barely friendly. Pretty disappointing. The service was  not that great either. We needed things and the waitress was nowhere to be found. The only friendly person was the hostess and a man behind the bar. Very unfortunate.Came here later in the evening just looking for a good place to chill. Excellent choice! Loved the laid back atmosphere. Ordered the Cajun Queso it was very good. Then I decided to try a piece of the lemon ice box pie......to say it was AMAZING is an understatement, if you visit Legacy you must get a piece of this pie! Great place, great food, great atmosphere!Great food and fun atmosphere that is kid AND adult friendly. Bacon wrapped fried shrimp were very unique and better than I would have imagined (I would have posted a picture had I not wiped them out so quickly.) The sauces really made the dishes - tartar sauce was best I've ever had. Fun unique games for the kids to play while adults had fun. And Friendly service in a town not known for great service.The best fried catfish I've had in New Orleans, along with a plate full of crispy and delicious shoestring fries. Great food is easy to come by here, so what puts this place over the top is the casual atmosphere and a friendly staff.The best service in  NOLA. Genevieve was a an absolute sweetheart and met our every need. The owner personally sat us and made sure all things were in order. Well oiled machine. Absolute clockwork.Great service, good food and lovely atmosphere!! It was too cold to leave our hotel and the Legacy was attached to our hotel. The service was awesome and the roasted chicken with beans and rice was delish!! Will def come back!!We discovered Legacy Kitchen after seeing their commercials during the Pelicans games.  Around Christmas we went to their Metairie location and fell in love- the duck nachos and chicken and waffles are so good they are worth the calories!  After that we were thrilled to see they were opening a second location down the street from us in the Warehouse District.
The space is big and they did a great job decorating it- contemporary American, industrial chic vibe really fits in with the neighborhood.  Everything we have ordered here - roasted chicken, fish tacos, the club, cheese burger, french fries, etc are all delicious.  It is just quality american food and a nice atmosphere.  I would compare the level of quality and style cuisine to Houston's.Excellent food! I had spinach artichoke dip that was super cheesy that I would get again. Great decor. Cool vibe.Fantastic! Our food took longer than expected to get to us. So the manager came out, apologised and comped our whole meal. When the food came out, it was absolutely delicious. I ordered the ahi tuna meal (don't remember what it was called) and my friend ordered the veggie burger. Both were deliciouI had dinner and breakfast at this place, because the hotel gave me $15 per day vouchers for my stay, and I wasn't a fan.  First of all lets begin with the service.  I took a seat at the bar and the bar tender walked past me several times.  After 10 mins I had to ask her If I could order a beer.  She brought my beer out never asking if I wanted to see the menu.  Another 10 minutes I called her again to ask for a menu.  Another 10 minutes later I had to ask her again if I could order....can you catch my drift.  If you are a waiter/bartender, and want a tip, you need to provide service!  Anyways I order the BBQ Shrimp with Puffed Rice.  For $22, its was a complete ripoff which consisted of 5 medium size shrimps.  Again I had to ask for the bill, thus I gave a $3 tip which was like 10% of the total pretax bill....I hope that sent the waitress/bartender a message.
The next day, I decided to have breakfast.  This time, service was great but when my food came out it was not what I ordered.  They gave me some other dish on the menu.  I spoke to the bartender and she went to remediate the issue.  When the food came out it was cold.  seems like they just took the eggs from my messed order and transferred to the new plate.  In addition the bacon was not the candied bacon that was on the menu, instead it was smoked (which was on the original wrong order they sent).
All in all bad service and cold food.  If it wasn't for the $15 voucher I wouldn't have eaten here.After spending all day in the French Quarter, it was nice to stroll through the Warehouse District and have dinner in a very spacious restaurant. It's a great setup: funky, industrial chic. Husband had a burger and was quite delighted with their house made "Angry Pickles." I had the Ahi Tuna Salad--delicious. My wine wasn't great, but husband's sweet tea peach cocktail was. He wasn't feeling well, so we didn't eat a lot, which is too bad, because their dessert selection looked wonderful. We will come back next trip when we're both in top shape :-)It's the night of the Nyx parade, and my party of three has been waiting at least 25 minutes for the server who said "be right back" to come serve us. She has not been back but we have witnessed her take two shots while on the job, walk around the bar several times clearly disoriented, not making eye contact with any customers. Her coworkers also ignored us and, in fact, one of them recently walked over to serve people who were seated after us. We sent one of our party to the bar and he managed to order and said the waitress was slurring her words. I have never seen someone so intoxicated on the job before. Someone should get this woman help. Also, I'll never be back.We had two meals here due to the great location, super friendly staff, and a great happy hour with a few vegetarian options on the menu. My husband loves coleslaw and I don't care for it. Some came on the side of a sandwich I ordered and we both agreed that it was the best coleslaw either of us had ever had. Super good kale caesar too.
Attached to what appears to be a very nice hotel.Is it a five star restaurant? No. But based on what I expected and what it delivered, YES. We sat at the bar, as the restaurant was relatively empty. The bartender was very friendly and knowledgeable and made us some delicious cocktails (try the Lucky Frieda and Absinthe & Old Lace). And THE FOOD! Duck chili cheese fries - phenomenal! Best chili fries ever. Thin crispy fries topped with the most flavorful chili. I will dream about those fries. And yes to the smoked salmon dip that is smoked in house. And yes to the Wowi Maui chicken sandwich topped with grilled pineapple, avocado, and volcano sauce. There wasn't a single thing that I consumed that wasn't delicious and didn't make me do the happy dance.The duck debris chili cheese fries are out of this world! The duck was smoky and the crawfish queso was a great accompaniment on the crispy shoestring fries. I liked how the fries had black beans, red beans, corn, green onions and shredded pepper jack on it. The champagne Lemon chello cooled me off immediately. If anyone knows anything about New Orleans heat and humidity than a cool drink is the perfect panacea. I have never had absinthe a day in my life and was quite ambivalent about partaking in the spirit. I am most grateful that I had my first absinthe cocktail at Legacy. The cocktail was more sweet and tart. I did not get any taste of warm wood or any medicinal after taste. I genuinely enjoyed the drink and look forward to ordering absinthe in the future. The drink is positively delicious! I was bothered by the fact that one of the bartenders/waitresses took my menu despite the fact that I was still ordering off of it. Another one of the waitresses returned the menu. It was so rude to remove the menu without asking if I was done with it. She was not even my waitress. She never apologized and even when I brought this to my waitress attention; nothing was done about it. My waitress never tried to bring another menu or even rectify the situation. I am ardent about great food, wonderful service and excellent drinks. Legacy needs to work on the service end. The food and drinks were superb but the service really was lacking. I was looking forward to coming here but the poor service left a horrible legacy.Just ate here and was very impressed! Soft shell crab was phenomenal as were the chicken and waffles. Wonderful atmosphere! Friendly staff and nice variety of food.We decided to try the Legacy Kitchen on a Monday night at 8 pm. It was not too crowded. We were greeted after only a brief wait at the front and were then seated. Service started off fine but as soon as we ordered our food it all went downhill from there. The food lagged a bit too long and then when they served my son his hamburger we asked for ketchup and then had to ask again for the ketchup. We also placed a to-go order as soon as our food was served. We never saw another server again. No water refills. No asking how our food was. Fortunately our food was pretty tasty but that's the only nice thing I can say about our experience tonight. In order to get our bill I had to go to the bar and after being ignored for several minutes I asked about our to-go order and of course the order was never turned in to the kitchen. I also asked for a take out container but didn't get it either. I worked in restaurants most of my life so I am usually pretty forgiving. But I also know how the business works and it didn't work at all tonight at the Legacy Kitchen.I am a foodie and I love food food...  Nick the bartender recommended the redfish and cornbread....  OMG... I just didn't want to finish it and I was savoring every piece....  truly tasty and all around fantastic....  good call Nick...  I actually prefer the location to all other places I have stayed in NOLA...Best place to eat in all of NOLA. Love this place. Everything on the menu is good. Service is excellent, atmosphere is chill and has the industrial vibe I like. You gotta go!Legacy Kitchen-Great Find for food and sports
Wanted a casual restaurant for Friday Night in Nola. Perfect choice since we wanted to watch the World Series and the large TVs can be seen by every table. Service was excellent from Hostess to Wait Staff. Loved the duck nachos and cajun fish. Amazing wines by the glass.  Went back again late Sunday afternoon to watch football and have an early dinner. We ate there twice in one weekend with all the other choices in the city. 
Special shout out to our server Cara. Best server ever!!I thought NOLA was supposed to be a foodie haven. If it is, certainly don't include this place amongst your stops. It was lunch hour on a Sunday and I needed a burger and a bloody. Let's start with the bloody. If you're going to charge more than $10, which they did, it shouldn't come in a plastic cup. I was certainly no threat to leave, so a real glass would've been appreciated. Also, a pickled green bean and olive do not constitute a garnish on a drink that's north of $10. Salted rim? Nope. Shitty drink. My burger was just as bad. It was a frozen patty on a $17 cheeseburger. Ridiculous. In a foodie city such as this I expected a fresh, hand pattied burger. I didn't get it. This was overpriced Burger King. The French fries? Just an underwhelming shoestring, garden variety, frozen fry. Again, if you charge this much someone should be cutting them by hand. I don't know how this place pulled 4.5 stars, but I would keep on walking.Another bad experience at Legacy kitchen. I don't know why I keep trying. I live in the neighborhood and eat out frequently so it's far too easy to think "I'll give them another shot". The food is mediocre at best but when you're in a hurry it can suffice. However, today I waited more than an hour at the bar for breakfast that never came. I asked the bartender on two occasions to check on my food and she said "we're just really backed up". I was the only one there when I arrived. Finally after over an hour I asked her to please walk back to the kitchen because five people had sat down and receive food while I was waiting. She finally took the time to walk to the back and came back to tell me oh they're going to start it now. Obviously unacceptable and a waste of an hour of my time. That will be my last attempt at mediocrity.Our party of 6 all really liked the food and atmosphere. It was a crowded game night in town and lots of football fans made places crowded and loud. We had actually come down this street to go to the place across the street, but it was blaring music and was a lively bar scene.  We didn't see a big crowd here and got a table right away. I worried that the prices might be too high or the food not good because we got a table at 7pm, but I was wrong on both counts. Service was attentive, the place was attractive and clean, and the food was great.The food was excellent!! The service was not as great. I would have given it 5 stars but the service was a little less than average.Everytime I have ordered here, the food has been great and served promptly. Customer service is average, though I am sure they get tired of dealing with tourists that come around.Very quiet at a Thursday at 5 pm, but we were given no less attention. The waiter was very on top of keeping our water filled and he had good recommendations for food.
The shoestring fries on the side of the sandwiches were perfectly crisp. The pulled pork sandwich was great with a delicious sauce, and the bun was toasted just right. The west coast turkey sandwich had a ton of flavorful meat with very fresh tomato and avocado, and they did not slack in the bread category. The bread had great texture and grains mixed in.
I'll absolutely go back here for the food, the staff, and the atmosphere.Everything was delicious, especially the chicken and waffles. I wish they had a better draft beer selection, but overall my two experiences at Legacy were top notch.Awesome food and great atmosphere.  The wedge is HUGE and the crawfish cornbread was amazing.Food was cool. Be wary if you eat at the bar. Our food was brought out coldish ( I think it probably sat back there a while)- too hungry to send back lol.Great atmosphere!  Good southern dishes on the menu. 
Chicken and waffles were fantastic.Good food!!! I had the southern chicken sandwich with fries. and it was good. My friend had the club sandwich. Both sandwiches were a good portion size. Neither one of us could finish the meal. But it was sooo good. The staff was extremely nice. Our waiter was a sweetheart. The resturant was very clean. They had a really nice menu and a few things I wish I could have ordered at once. I love the decor in this place as well.  I recommend this place. Good food and great staff!!!Me and my father stayed at the hotel above and we have ate here 2 times and the food is nothing great ! Also the beignets are always burnt and very hard! The duck nachos suckedThe food was pretty good. I had the BBQ shrimp Pasta and it was pretty good. I wish we had better service, but it ok!We're visitors from Cali and using Yelp reviews, was looking for a place that had good atmosphere, offered food that wasn't all about deep frying, and friendly service...this is definitely the place!  Friendly greeting, they had many large party reservations so we sat at the bar where they still serve dinner of the menu.  We ordered the chicken and waffles, creamy, fluffy, crunchy goodness with spicy maple syrup and the BBQ back ribs which absolutely fell off the bones!!  The best part and the cherry on the cake is they have a very friendly staff...which makes you feel welcome all the time...that the key ingredient to an outstanding restaurant!  The manager was also super friendly too!! I recommend this place to all visitors!!  
We stayed at Harrahs and it was just a 5 min walk.  They share a corner with Renaissance hotel.Excellent bartenders, great drinks and, if you're staying at the hotel, a rooftop hot tub. What more could you possibly need?Had the avacado turkey sandwich with a side of kale Cole slaw.  Kale in Cole slaw? Yes, it was excellent. Turkey sandwich,  what could go wrong?  It was all good. Paired it with a NOLA hopitoulas ipa - awesome. Tried a local blonde but the keg was old and the beer was sour, but the waitress promptly changed it back to the ipa and all was well with the world again.Best breakfast in NOLA with beignets and cappuccino with chicory plus praline bacon and bbq shrimp and grits with eggs.  Our daughter loves the light fluffy pancakes sprinkled with powdered sugar and blueberries.  Located in the lobby of the Renaissance Arts Hotel the vibe is trendy and eclectic.  At breakfast the bar turned into a coffee counter with friendly staff and fun music.  I will return here again to try the chocolate beignets and beignet bites.Had an awesome breakfast in NOLA finally! I had the NOLA breakfast which came with perfectly cooked, creamy grits, praline bacon, a generous portion of (scrambled) eggs, and a fluffy biscuit.  
We also had the egg white omelet which came with these beautiful looking, perfectly cooked house potatoes.  
We ordered some traditional beignets which were light and airy....a must try! 
I had a screwdriver as a beverage.  
The decor is very masculine, industrial, steampunk-ish, with old-fashioned incandescent bulb fixtures which were very cool.  
Service was awesome, would definitely come back.  Keep up the great work guys!Not bad. I had a club sandwich and a bloody Mary. It was a bit pricey. The decor was niceGreat Breakfast Spot! It's the hotel restaurant, so it's a little formal, but manages to be relaxed & friendly. The coffee menu is AMAZING (& silly cheap!). The bartender/barista, Angie, was fast & had great insight into some fun area events that my pals & I took advantage of. She was very kind to our hangovers from the night before!I don't review much but the reviews here for the blue cheese chips are not misleading. These are heavenly. Great atmosphere and great service. Good for a working lunch as well!We stopped in this because it was our hotel bar before heading out for the night. 
I ordered a mint julep and it was expertly made. 
They had lots of tvs with baseball on (yay summer!) so it was a good spot to catch up on what I had been missing in sports while away. 
There was also a shuffle board table. 
Our bartender was friendly and personable. He gave us some advice about things to do in the city at night.Randomly went in for a snack and wound up having one of the best breakfasts we had in NOLA! The grits were creamy, and seasoned well (no need for cheese), pancakes were delectable and the biscuits!!! Whoohoo!!! Cant wait to go back!I know it's Mardi Gras. But 50% of your restaurant is empty and set for diners. Why the 10 minute wait? Please seat us.Stopped in for a solo dinner about 7 on a Tuesday while in town on a business trip. The hostess (long white hair in a pony tail) was very warm and welcoming and set me up at the bar thankfully well away from a chatty regular. There was only one bartender behind the bar initially and she spent some time making a cocktail and generally ignoring me. The restaurant appeared fairly empty and there were 6 people seated at the bar- The hostess brought me a menu and I waited until a second bartender (Sarah?) arrived about 5 minutes after I was seated. Sarah got me a nice glass of Chardonnay, a water back, and took my food order (the Ahi salad). Thank goodness I had reading material because it was more than 30 minutes before my salad arrived. Sarah was sweet and apologetic about the delay. The salad was beautiful but was over dressed and the advertised avocado and mango components consisted of 2 and 3 small cubes respectively, I also struggled to find the macadamia nuts. The Ahi was nicely seasoned and properly cooked however and overall it tasted very good.This place was great for lunch. It was not very busy. The food and service was great. I had the seared tuna salad and it was fantastic.