The catfish, chicken, gumbo and mac &a cheese are all to die for. We are the lunch buffet and everything was piping hot and fresh. This place was recommended by a local in the neighborhood we are staying in and it was so worth it!Food was good, we took advantage of the Sunday Buffet it included fried chicken, greens, smother steak, corn, cabbage.  It was so much more  It was very,very cozy. You would actually think you were eating at your grandmother's house.  This is not a fine dining establishment.  The price was fair, was highly recommended by locals. It's was worth any wait. This place exceeded my expectations.Come here for delicious, home style New Orleans cuisine. We went in the afternoon, and although it was full, we were lucky and a table was ready right away. We did the a la carte as opposed to the buffet. It was our favorite meal of the trip!A neighborhood cafe with GREAT soul food. We went for the lunch buffet and it did not disappoint. The fried chicken was crispy and well seasoned, the white beans had chunks of ham and sausage that put it over the top (in a good way!), the greens were very hammy and tasty...and I didn't even have room to try it all. The bread pudding was tempting but I was done at that point. Very friendly service!This is a place we stop into every time we visit NOLA. Its become a great staple in all of our trips. The food is filled with love and flavor. You can tell the staff love what they do and really put their heart and soul into the food. They have the best gumbo I've ever tasted!It was ok. I wasn't all that into the buffet. The food was bland, however,  it was fresh. I loved the history photos on their walls and I love the tile designs on the ceiling. Food was just ok and bland my waitress was normal. Very small inside so grab your seats when you can.Fried chicken paradise in the Treme. This place smells like home-cooked fried chicken before you even open the door and it just gets more heavenly when you walk inside. Briny, meaty, crispy and all of the qualities you look for in a good piece of fried chicken. 
Like many of NOLA's best restaurants, the interior is nothing special and the exterior is unassuming, but don't be put off. Yummy delicousness awaits.We loved this place. The catfish was perfectly fried, and I can't stop thinking about the crabmeat omelet and how long it will be before I can have another one (quite a while, sadly). Service is on the laid-back side, so just go with it. Enjoy a cup of the excellent coffee or a glass of strong iced tea and soak up the experience.This place is phenomenal, albeit busy as heck because everyone in the neighborhood and beyond wants their buffet. The waitstaff hustles and bustles to get to everyone. You definitely need to try their bread pudding  (more appropriately titled, banana bread pudding). All in all, excellent food and the waitstaff are in good spirits.Great little local eatery! Had the lunch buffet. Fried chicken, grits, mac & cheese, gumbo and bread puddin'! So yummy! Wholeheartedly recommend this place!We were in New Orleans on vacation and was told to try this place. We first went on a Sunday. We had to wait because it was busy which was fine but we had to wait outside and it was very hot. This was understandable because the place was full and they don't have much room inside.  The person taking everyone's name was rude and not friendly at all. We ended up leaving Sunday and decided to come back the next day when there were no lines. :). The food was delicious and the owner was super nice. The server was ok, she was not very attentive and put a mandatory tip because our party had 6. It was a buffet so, she didn't do much. The owner gave us refills on our drinks and napkins and extra cream.   The food was great, the service was ok, and the prices were a little high.Ok, well I was in town and craving gumbo, fried chicken and sweet tea... Lil Dizzys hit the spot! The green beans were good also!If yo've never been here before, go. If you've been here before, go. Hands down the mouth (and stomach) of the South. INCREDIBLE FOOD.This is definitely a place where you want to eat. Good home cooked food and friendly staff. I enjoyed my fried catfish, grits, and eggs as well the atmosphere.Great little local breakfast joint with an amazing buffet!  Perfect for a post-church meal.  The crabmeat omelette was on point, and so were the potatoes and chicken.Came here and ended up getting the buffet. The food was seasoned well, service was efficient and overall the place was nicely set. Would definitely recommend eating here.Right down the street from where we were staying.  It was recommended to us by our hosts and we ended up stopping in a couple mornings for breakfast.  I fell in love with their french toast and my boyfriend loved the sausage and cheese omelette. Wish we could have brought it back north with us.Once again a "hole in the wall" does not fail.  If you are big on frills and ambiance without flavor don't eat here.  If you want flavor without the frills frugally come here!   Buffet was $15.99 and included sweetened or non sweetened ice tea.   That tea will have me slapping my Mama.  The gumbo was very flavorful and the fried chicken was absolutely delicious.   Shrimp creole, macaroni, and everything else was very tasty also.  Im not a bread pudding fan but it was also good.  My maternal grandparents are from Nawlins and my mothers cooking is heavily influenced by that.   The chicken reminded me alot of her fried chicken that people rave about.  You won't be disappointed unless you need frills........On a Sat morning... 
Pros:
- The seafood gumbo was the best I had during my stay. You must order it. 
- Yummy grits with the option of having egg whites.
- Great service. Our waitress was friendly and food was served nice and hot.
- it's a local spot and the decor wasn't too bad.
Cons:
- A bit out of the way from the French Quarter but it's definitely worth the $8 cab ride to the cafe.
- The grits & eggs was a bit too buttery for my day to day diet. But hey, it's The South lol. You only live once.
- The owner reprimanded his staff quite loudly that the patrons can hear. Awkward much...The best southern food  all you can eat buffet in Treme! I always come here for breakfast which gets very busy, or late lunch.  The food is fresh, home made, like your mama's. You can see pictures of all the famous people who have eaten here including President Obama. I highly recommend this place!Let's see..where to start...To begin with there was a line outside. Today was a cold breezy yet sunny day, so it was somewhat bearable to wait outside. There was a 25-30 min wait, which i endured because my friend wanted to really try it. Honestly, I get real leary when I see lines outside of certain restaurants, especially in Houston and New Orleans because I have learned that it's not always about the hype. With so many eateries in places like New Orleans and Houston, it's hard for me to actually wait in a long line. There have been times that I have seen the long lines for restaurants, and the food was subpar- this was one of those occasions. For starters, the host was welcoming, and the other waitresses seemed friendly, but not ours. Let's call her "Marie." Marie, seemed like the classic example of trying to help a meth head out and give them a job. She was unattentive, rude and lack of understanding. First, we asked what were the choices for the "entree + two sides options," on the menu and she started listing the sides. I asked her if there was a menu to read what the sides are, and she said that was the list. Ok. Before we could ask anything else she drifted off somewhere else and we had to bring her back. Basically, you're kinda forced to get the buffet option because if she get the entree you're limited to what you can get even though other food choices are available on the buffet. Bright side, if you go with the buffet you will get a chance to sample some of their popular items. 
Moving on, we got our tea which was PHENOMENAL. I'd say crack tea because it was hard to just NOT keep drinking it. Aside from that, I got the fried chicken, green beans, gumbo and stuffed bell peppers. You also get the choice of an omelette or french toast-tried the French toast as well. Once we got our drinks and started eating- Ol Marie went missing for awhile. We needed refills, napkins, and clearing our table of empty plates,  but she was nowhere to be found. Other waiters had to step in to clear our table. We were getting ready to leave but wanted more tea, so we asked if we could get a refill,and she just walked off without acknowledging if she heard us or not. We also wanted to know if we could get it to go. Then all of a sudden she reapppeared pouring tea which she sloppily wasted on the table and my purse-no words or apology. I told her we were trying to inform her that we wanted them to go AND the bill split, but yet again she walked off without acknowledging if she heard everything. She returned with plastic cups. The cups were dusty to the point you could wipe your finger over and see the residue- no thank you. Marie also brought back the bill without it being split as we asked. When we reminded her of our request, she rudely Replied "we dont split checks but you could simply divide it." Boyyy it took everything in me not to go off. I told her "we're fully aware of how to do math, however we asked for separate bills in which you never told us that it was a policy to not separate the tab." AT this point the owner nearby could see our frustration and his as well, in which he told her "all you have to is seperate it out, no big deal." This was too confusing for Ms. Marie, in which the owner had to further explain. Eventually she just took three seperate payments. smh. 
Overall, the food and experience was "OK." I had to add some salt and pepper to some of my food, which is a red flag considering it seems to be a well known NOLA spot. Honestly, the fried chicken from Willie's was waaaay better. Can't say I'd return, but I can cross this off my list.Ive been coming to New orleans for years now & i seem to return here often' nice staff" easy locarion wonderful staffDelicious breakfast. Don't miss the biscuits. The day we came they had crawfish omelette a with lots of big delicious crawfish. Coffee is excellent which is always a plus for me for breakfast. I wish I could come for lunch because the fried chicken and pork chip with oyster dressing sounds amazing. A great spot in Treme.Have a great lunch Buffett and the employees were very nice. They were all engaging and seemed to know a lot of the customers there. They took their tome to talk to me since I was not a local. Great meal overall and great experience.We went to Lil Dizzys Cafe as it was very close to our airbnb in Treme. Was also recommended to us by our uber driver.
We went in for an early breakfast at 8:30 am. We got the eggs, grits, & smoked sausage, the andouille sausage gumbo, and two biscuits.
The eggs, grits, & smoked sausage were nothing special. Tasted good but not great - fairly standard.
The gumbo tasted quite good. Would definitely recommend this if you're looking to try a quick, no nonsense NOLA gumbo. Biscuits were also very tasty!
Overall - good place for a quick breakfast.I went to Li'l Dizzy's for the fried chicken and it didn't disappoint - it was crispy, tasty and not too greasy.  I tried the lunch buffet, which included the fried chicken, very tasty gumbo, shrimp & crawfish étouffée (yum), fried catfish (perfectly done), mac and cheese (decent), salad bar and bread pudding (divine).
The only downsides are that the cafe is a little small and dirty, but overall it was good value for money and definitely worth a visit.Recommended by our cool Lyft driver Tamara...and soooo glad we listened! After a lil wait we were seated by my "aunt" ( everyone felt like family, the entire restaurant even sang happy birthday to one of my other "aunts" while we were eating...lol) we were served the best lemomade ever (sip slow). We got the buffet and ate EVERYTHING! Fried chicken, bbq chicken, macaroni, gumbo, red beans and rice, bread pudding, and a salad bar. If you're ever in New Orleans and want great food and family environment, go off the beaten path and DEFINITELY get to Lil Dizzys.The first time I came was in autumn 2012 and then I came back during Yelp Spring Break 2013 in May. I called before heading over to be sure they would have it this time...you know what...the macaroni and cheese. 
Then I walked myself over here for brunch on a nice warm May morning and I HAD THE MAC N CHEESE!!! Mmmmm delicious (cheese butter cream delicious). I had the brunch this time which was a little pricey but I did try all of their signature items. I just kept getting the mac n cheese though, over and over and over. The service isn't top notch but I got enough sweet tea refills to wash down all the calories that I ate. I basically had everything from the previous trip but came specifically for the M&C. The only reason why I said the buffet was pricey was because I can only eat so much buffet food in the double digits but it was made with love...
Glad it was a long walk because I stuffed myself with that mac n cheese.Come hungry and early. It get crowded especially on Sundays where people come after church. Get the buffet meals so you can taste a little bit of everything. The staff are so warm and welcoming and the food is so good especially the fried chicken and gumbo. When you sit outside and eat expect flies or bugs flying around because it attracts food but it is part of the experience especially in the south. Will come back again definitely.Amazing Breakfast . Little neighborhood dinner.  But a hundred times better than a fancy restaurant in the FQ. Service was awesome  and the food was phenomenal.Li'l Dizzy's has all the hallmarks of a New Orleans must-try- really popular, great reviews, covered in cool art and visited or acknowledged by multiple presidents and other celebrities. I have no idea why. Service was terrible- they'd snap at us and were generally extremely slow. The food was pretty bad too. I got a po' boy and it barely had any meat in it and tasted bland. It's pretty hard to screw up a po' boy. Everyone else with me got eggs with grits which were pretty bland as well, and getting the waitress to bring us our toast was like pulling teeth.Their bread pudding was a gelatinous mess produced from some kind of banana flavor mix. I don't write many reviews but I felt pretty passionate about this one; I would avoid.The food at this little restaurant was amazing. The restaurant is small but you can tell that the heart of the staff here is large. The setting is very family friendly. I went right after church time on a Sunday and it was very busy. Sometime, service was just a little slow but the food and atmosphere all made up for it. The buffet is a great choice if it is your first time going and you are not quite sure what you want. The fried chicken was unbelievably delicious and the biscuits are to die for. There is a little sitting room outside (about four tables). The restaurant is small so don't expect a lot of legroom or walking space. This restaurant is a great option for brunch.3.5 Rating from me and the hubby. He had chicken we both had gumbo and I had bread pudding. My food was good we added a tab bit of salt. I thought I cracked my tooth on something My husband said his chicken was cold. The place was packed, so you will have a wait, they have lots of breakfast items and a $16.00 adult buffet on the weekends, think most came in for the buffet cause it was quicker. They are packed like I said so you may not get a refill if you need one. They had some nice tiles on the ceiling, that I liked.Delicious food. Great local spot. Excellent service. And it's not overrun by tourists!The food here is above what you would get in the Quarter. They make their own hot sausage and the french toast is on point. The owner was kind , but his brother was AWESOME! He was really cool and just made us feel so welcome!It's a family run business and I dig that. The servers were excellent and made great suggestions. They make sure to thank you for your business and appreciate it as well. Just a great group of people in there. I have eaten at several restaurants here and this is the only one I felt deserved a five star review.As a local I can say by far they got the best of everything! Well seasoned and southern fried!! Seems like home when ya walk through the door! The red beans are the best I've ever had in my southern life!!!!Great locals place. Simple Creole food , as good as it gets. The buffet had gumbo, fried chicken, seafood pasta, fried fish, potato salad, salad bar and bread pudding for $15.99. 
I would definitely go back.Love this place in New Orleans! The gumbo is amazing with the crab legs. The people are so nice! Located in Treme and much better than the tourist spots.A hidden little gem. If you're looking for an authentic NOLA foodie experience come here. Everything we ordered was delicious. Waitstaff were all sweet and accommodating. Just straight up delicious food. Quality is on point.Came here for Sunday brunch, of course the place was crowded but we didn't have to wait long to get seated. The food was delicious and our waitress was nice. However this place can get super cramped when busy and becomes hard to get around for the buffet.It was worth the hype! The breakfast was amazing I ordered the catfish eggs and grits! The server said, "I will add a biscuit, you don't come here and not get a biscuit". Real life the biscuit was amazing! They are none for their fried chicken, so I ordered a wing on the side! Amazing!!!Was hesitant about the buffet price but the food was pretty good as well as the ambiance experience. The fried chicken & the gumbo are definitely my favorite . Didn't care for the dessert. They do close early, check hours. Staff was very busy but friendly. Enjoyed eating outside and taking a walk around the historical Treme neighborhood afterwards. Would definitely go again!We lived down the street from this place for 6 months without ever trying it and once we finally did we were kicking ourselves for waiting so long to do so! Excellent well priced down home cooking. I haven't tried the buffet yet but I hear it's a must. Great breakfast!Finally after passing up here for so long, made my way in. It was my bday and mom's treat; perfect opportunity to check off a new place from my list. This is a local, family run joint, some members I know, most are whom my parents are familiar with. Came in for lunch and there was a buffet, but you could also order from the menu which i was more pleased about. Not that the buffet did not look delicious, just i'm not the one to rave over buffet's, so i glazed over it and after seeing a bunch of heavy stuff in there (fried chicken, macaroni and cheese, red beans and other meats in brown gravy) i decided that breakfast was what i wanted.
I settled on a crabmeat omelet with all the dressings and i must say it was pretty banging. It sure seemed like a five-egg-omelet because that thing was massive. I also got a side of grits and wheat toast. The grits were super good, the consistency was perfect and it needed no salt, pepper or butter. The only thing about the omelet was every now and then i'd get little pieces of crab shell, but it was loaded with a lot of crab meat so i was okay with that.
A lot of times when places have dishes with crab meat in it, it comes out pretty skimp but that definitely was not the issue with mine. It could have also been they might have overheard it was my bday and i got a little extra love, but i doubt it. The staff's interactions with patrons and each other told me everything about this place was genuine.
Nothing i noticed gave me an impression this place lacked in sanitation practices, even considering the buffet. Our waitress was so cool; a real down to Earth southern belle that kept the flow of our lunch a good one. I would certainly come back in here to try more menu items and perhaps give the buffet a try because it did look pretty good, just wasn't in the mood for the food coma it would have put me in. I mean, it was my birthday and  beautiful day, i would have hated to waste it passed out on the couch.
Thanks for the great service and meal, i'll be seeing you all again, soon!Good breakfast! No frills, just solid food for a good price! Ate breakfast here twice during our trip to New Orleans. Seems like a local spot. I suggest the eggs and fried catfish (not on the sunday menu)! Sunday menu has less options and is a bit more expensive.Delicious! Best meal we've had in New Orleans and very reasonably priced. The biscuits and cornbread are amazing!What a gem! My husband and I were staying in the Treme, and Lil' Dizzy's Café was recommended by our Airbnb host. It was a quick walk and we are so glad we made the trip! We were there for breakfast (their lunch does not start until 11, so if you want fried chicken you have to go after that time!) That said, breakfast was incredible! I had the shrimp grillade, their version of shrimp and grits, with a homemade biscuit, and my husband had a jambalaya omelette. So tasty! Exactly the comfort food we needed on a chilly winter NOLA day. The service was incredible; everyone made us feel very welcome and we saw three or four folks during our dining experience, including the owner, all helping to make our experience positive. The music station they play is pretty great too. We truly loved it and will definitely be back! Best breakfast in the Treme for sure!Awesome atmosphere and staff - true local people.  You can't get food with more soul than this for breakfast anywhere.  Shrimp grillades - unreal.  Garlic, huge shrimp, grits, tomatoes. 'nuff said.  Jambalaya omelette, shut your mouth.  2 kinds of sausage and huge shrimp.After living here for five years, this is my absolute favorite for Creole soul food.  The lunch buffet is wonderful, especially on Friday.  Try to arrive at lunch before noon to minimize the likelihood of waiting for a table.  Absolutely best fried chicken in town, great file gumbo, and bread pudding straight from heaven.  And, get to know your waitresses, the very best part of the visit.This is a nice quaint spot buffet style.  All items were good gumbo, shrimp creole, fried fish, fried chicken, vegetables, etc. but my favorite I have to say was the bread pudding.  Soooo Good.Everything about this special place is fantastic! The people, the food, the location. Thanks for always being so welcoming y'all are amazingWe've visited New Orleans at Christmas for 20 years and just found Dizzy's this year!  Food is wonderful, atmosphere even better. To the person who posted a comment about updating the place, I pray they don't!  It is small and informal and perfect just like it is!  
We went on Saturday, and in a city known for good food, we had to come again for more before we left on Friday!  We were surprised to be waved to a table by the lady who had taken such good care of us a week earlier saying "Well you DID make it back - you think I don't  remember?!", and remember she did, right down to what we had ordered before. 
If you're smart you'll try the jambalaya omelet, the grits, the fried chicken, and the mac and cheese; if you're LUCKY, you'll have Miss Lucey taking care of you!  Ask for her!!!!Came here for breakfast during my Nola trip. 
- Dark meat fried chicken (5/5 stars) - #1. Omg this fried chicken!! Best fried chicken I've had. Sadly, I haven't had fried chicken at too many legit places but better late than never! (Don't let the simple look of the chicken in my picture fool you... It will blow your mind!)
- Shrimp grillades/shrimp n grits (3/5 stars): Hmm... the shrimp were very tiny and not satisfying. The entire bowl was lacking flavor. Later I was yelping Luke's and saw how big their shrimps are... (unfortunately didn't get the chance to go to Luke's)
- White meat fried chicken (2/5 stars); Awww. I guess white meat is healthier but boy was it dry. No good :(
- Fried catfish (4/5 stars): Only had a bite of this - snatched a bite from friend's order. Tasted very delicious and fresh!
Service was so friendly. Seems like a local's spot, and all the waiters/waitresses were genuinely sweet. So rare these days to find this type of relaxed, happy service that's not just overbearing and looking for extra tips... so it's always a nice surprise finding it!
Overall, it's a decent spot for food in New Orleans. But it was only 2 blocks walking distance from our Air BnB spot so the convenience was helpful. (We were recommended to Li'l Dizzy's by our uber driver one night)Loved Lil Dizzy's! Gave us an authentic feel of New Orleans which is what we were looking for after trying some of the restaurants in the French Quarter. The food was so good, and cheap!!! 
We had the 'All you can eat Breakfast buffet' on a Sunday. Fried chicken, seafood gumbo, shrimp grille, French toast, potato salad, bread pudding, and the list goes on!! It was by far the best southern food I had all wknd in Nola!This restaurant was fairly close to our rented home in NOLA so we ended up eating here 2x.  Overall not bad but not mind blowing either.  Definitely has a southern feel as soon as you walk in.  The servers and bus boys have strong southern accents so it feels like you're eating at a local spot.  I ended up getting the buffet both times I went there.  The fried chicken was good and the rice and green beans were good.  I didn't care for the jambalaya and gumbo as much.  The bread pudding wasn't bad either.  The service was decent.  Overall, a 3 star rating in my opinion.Our intent was to have breakfast, but we arrived 19 minutes late - breakfast ends at 1:00P. So, we had the buffet instead and the best part was a Treme history lesson from the owner.  The gumbo was delicious and the fried chicken is award winning. The whipped potato salad reminded me of my grandmother's and the cafe felt just like I was sitting in my grandmas kitchen. I look forward to having Sunday brunch and encourage to visit too.Great place to eat, a nice home type joint in the neighborhood... Just the fact that they had seafood gumbo with crab legs a part of their 15.99 buffet was incredible... Everything there was incredible, fried chicken, bbq chicken was amazing, as well as the red beans and rice... Great place.You have to be quick and have a game plan to catch a seat in this place. It's super tiny and you may find a chair or two up against your table.  But it's all worth it. The menu is out your grandma's kitchen and so is the charm that comes with.  Just about everything looks good and tastes good but go ahead and get the trout topped with a generous mound of crabmeat with red beans that have been cooking since early morning and the M&C a cornerstone of any comfort food resto. Not fancy or fussy but still a Nola gem.Great spot to have breakfast. We were in town on Election Day and the place was full of people--including some of the candidates. Li'l Dizzy's has a truly local feel and down home cooking.  I had eggs, bacon, and grits...and a piece of fried chicken because it just looked too good to pass up. It was excellent.Best food in NOLA.  That being said, here is a quick disclaimer.  As I rule I dislike this and other sites as they require no accountability from the reviewers and give already entitled people a false sense of their own importance.  However, as this may be the best way to reach people here goes.
A small restaurant, 14 tables inside and a handful outside.  Friendly, engaging and quite humorous service staff accentuates a small town diner in at the edge of New Orleans' Treme district.  Even the busser was engaging.
I went in with my family for Sunday brunch.  While the selection may at first seem small, quality trumps quantity every time.  If you want a lot of items go pay $35 for the standard Harrah's brunch.  Fried chicken, fried biscuits, and the best french toast I have ever eaten.  The omelets are nothing to sneeze at either.  If it is not already, it should be the most popular place in town.My hubby and I were in Nola for a mini BaeCay and I stumbled across this awesome place while searching for where the locals go. The food here is wonderful! We both had the Sunday brunch buffet and what a treat! The fried chicken was perfectly seasoned and had just the right crunch! When I say it was all good...it was ALL GOOD! The gumbo...perfection...the red beans &  rice...perfect...the bread pudding...to die for!!! The greens...perfect!!! I had a seafood omelette...all I can say is get it, it was heavenly! We will return EVERYTIME we're in Nola...That's a promise!!!I ordered the buffet because there was nothing else as appealing on the menu. I'm so glad I did. Everything was beyond delicious--green beans, cabbage, red beans, fried chicken, cornbread. I felt like I was eating dinner at my grandma's. And the gumbo was out of this world. I grew up eating authentic Louisiana gumbo, so I am a huge gumbo snob. It shouldn't have tomatoes, okra, or oysters. And it should have spicy Louisiana sausage. This pot was perfect. I'd return just for the gumbo. Oh, and although I'm not a huge fan of bread pudding, since I wanted to try all these New Orleans, I had a bowl full (and went back for seconds). 
Needless to say, I left Dizzy's, dizzy and recommend that you stop on in for the food and the comedy show put on by the staff. Li'l Dizzy and his little brother are adorable. It's super cramped inside so be prepared to bump into folks.Great food and service.  Thank you for making our family feel right at home !  The Gumbo was delicious.  I recommend getting there early to avoid the crowd.MUST go here again and again. The breakfast buffet was awesome.  Here is what I had that was awesome: fried chicken, biscuits, mac 'n cheese and omelet. The only thing I wasn't crazy about...and this was just my preference...was the gumbo.  The gumbo had seafood and file.  I'm not a big file fan. Now I did notice that one gentleman had at least two bowls of it so file gumbo fans should really like. The consistency and amt of seafood was excellent. The service was great as well. I can't wait to go again.All I can say is wow , the best fried chicken in New Orleans is not popoyes it's here in this little corner spot of gold , love the sweet tea and bread pudding .This was my second time eating here since I've moved to New Orleans. Today I got french toast with bananas & a side of grits instead of the choice of meat. My boyfriend ordered a shrimp poboy. We sat outside & were immediately acknowledged by the waitress & the busboy. We waited a few minutes before we were given menus & our waitress took our drink order. After we ordered it took about 15 mins for our food to arrive & we didn't mind the wait as it was a nice day out. For a sweet tea & our food the bill was $24.07. It was a nice treat & we were lucky there wasn't a line like usual.I visited Lil Dizzy's years ago early one Sunday for Brunch. We got there right after they opened so there was no wait. The place is small and kind of cramped. The food was delicious but what I remember most is the bread pudding. It was simply delightful. I will have to visit again to see if things are still the same.We were really disappointed. Slow service, jambalaya omelet was just ok, cornbread was cold, and the prices were high. Although the location was cute, we won't be returning.Soul food brunch at Li'l Dizzy's cafe.    
-  flavorful, sumptous Gumbo.  
- hot, tasty, light and crispy fried chicken. 
Unpretentious restaurant off the beaten path.  No frills, fairly priced.  With a great mom and pop feel to it. it's mostly a neighborhood joint with a Kitchen, staff team that know what they are doing.I  came here for lunch one afternoon looking forward to trying it and left hungry because I lost my appetite mid meal and here is why: 
I unrolled my silverware and there was cheese encrusted all over the fork to where the prongs were not even visible. Ok, strike one but not the worst I've seen so lets just grab another fork and move on.  
I make my way over to the buffet which was fried chicken and red beans and rice and I've heard good things about it so I was looking forward to trying it. They had quasi clean plates stacked on top of buffet line so I grab one and notice that there is rice matted onto the plate. Hmm...their dish washer must have been texting and drying because the dirty dish theme continues. Strike 2. 
Fast forward to new plate, new fork and my party of six are all back seated. Then my neighboring friend turns to me and goes, "is this what I think it is?" Yep, an enormous dead bug chilling in the middle of his red beans and rice. Now, this was no ordinary bug, this bug might as well had a hat and coat on because he was a hefty sucker. Clearly, he died from red beans and rice overdose or as I like to call them, red beans and flies. Strike 3. 
Judging from the other reviews it seems like I went on a very off day so I'd be willing to try it again, but long after this memory has been erased from my brain.Good gumbo and seafood. Not many seats. Lots of one ways streets so be careful parking.  Down home service. Buffet best value. Do not come expecting quick service,  it won't happen. Prices very reasonable.My friend and I were strolling around New Orleans on vacation and wandered into this amazing place hungry and thirsty.  What made us choose to eat here was watching all the local police officers roll in for lunch.  It's a well known fact that the police know who has the best food in town in any major city.  Best decision we made all week!
The food is exceptional to say the least.  By far the best bread pudding I have ever had.  The chicken is mouth watering.  The staff are friendly and the owner seems to know everyone who comes through the door.  Leave your diet at the door and enjoy every bite.First off it's Fathers Day so it was kinda busy.
Pros: good food, staff was nice bread pudding and French toast was the bomb!
Cons: place small, omelet was messy the special station was overwhelmed with orders and by the time we received them we were already full. Will definitely return though!I love this place! Best biscuits and buffet in town. You'll walk in hungry and walk out satisfied :)I will start this review by saying, bless the hands that makes their food. Li'l Dizzy's is soo dang good. 
It is a family establishment which is so nice. You really feel the warmth of the establishment. Also, Dizzy is named after the owner's, Wayne Baquet, grandchild. 
The first thing I ate was the grilled biscuit. That biscuit was fantastic, I didn't think it could get any better. But guess what?! It did. I ordered the grits, eggs, and catfish with a side order of the fried chicken. THAT FRIED CHICKEN WAS SO DARN GOOD! It literally was the best fried chicken I've had. The skin was just the right amount of crispy and the seasoning was amazing. I love thick grits and Li'l Dizzy's grits was the perfect amount of thickness. 
The owner, Wayne Baquet was very personable and kind.  Also, another staff person came to check in on us. I did not eat the buffet, but they do offer a buffet for $17.99. I didn't get it because I planned to eat later. The the buffet included gumbo, fried chicken. The sweet tea was the perfect level of sweet.
I wasn't a fan of the catfish. It tasted like the river to me and my sister. However, we are city gals, so that review with a grain of salt.
I will definitely be coming back and next time I will try the buffet!!Awesome, awesome shrimp gumbo and Jambalaya. Stuffed crab, fried chicken and the bread pudding were amazing too. Highly recommended!6/7/18 Unique jambalaya omelet. Outstanding hash browns and biscuits. Coffee not good. Everything else was fantastic! The staff was very nice. Nice home style feelI went about 1pm Monday and had the buffet. Fried chicken was solid but wouldnt return just for it. Red beans and rice were bland, gumbo was delicious and bread pudding was missing a whole lot of ingredients but had a can of fruit cocktail in it instead. Will not return... The sweet tea is the best ive ever had so I guess if I'm in town and craving a meal of fried chicken, gumbo and sweet tea only, I'll come here.Went here for the Sunday Brunch. We were hesitant to go: 1) It's a restaurant in a hotel. 2) pay $20 pp----but so worth it! We stayed at the W Hotel on Poydras and the locals recommended it. Good southern home cooking. Fried chicken, collard greens, gumbo, jambalaya, mac and cheese. Did it make you hungry yet? BRING YOUR APPETITE. GO!!!I knew I was in the right place as I pulled up to Lil Dizzy's Cafe when I saw 2 police cruisers "parked" on both sides of the restaurants. Cops get a bad rap with the donuts and all but what a lot of people don't know is that they KNOW where the legitimate eateries are, during normal business hours. Wayne Baquet (owner), Lucy ( my server ) , bus boys , cooks, and the rest of the staff made you feel like you were home in your dining room where no request was too big and big were the smiles and old fashioned southern hospitality. With a general easiness, these folks go about the not so easy task of running an culinary EXPERIENCE for the taste buds. LOOK, I can go on and on about the creamy mac and cheese, the hot and moist fried chicken, delicately spicy jambalaya or the crab infused gumbo and sausage that had you going back for more and more (buffet as it is) and last but not least, the crab, lobster and scallop stuffed crab shells that they would not let me buy for take out.....lol. All washed down with some of the best iced around. HUGE portions for a great price. Didn't have room for the "Trout Baquet " or the oyster, shrimp, sausage or catfish po boys.....so I took them to go. It was an eclectic group of comers and goers, working class folk, students, tourists, well to doers, and all of the colors of the rainbow. Get there early. Before 11am to beat the lunch crowd and possibly get my table by the window behind the cashier. They close at 2pm and re open at 4pm for dinner.  EVERYTHING IS GOOD HERE! Go. Eat. Savor the atmosphere and say hello to Wayne for me. He just may be at the front door saying hi to you first.Yup, that was some damn good fried chicken.   Catfish poboy also very good.  Great atmosphere.So after a tour of Treme I couldn't wait to indulge in a good down home breakfast. So we decided to visit this local cafe thinking it would hit the spot. Well, it was filling but the food was just average and lacked in flavor all except the fried chicken which was moist and finger licking good. Wanted to support this community restaurant but think I would have enjoyed a meal in the French Quarter much more.As I sit in the airport leaving New Orleans and reminiscing that this was the best brunch buffet I had & I'm so sad that I won't be able to just come in and eat.
Had the brunch buffet && loved their French toast . I loved everything I had. The owner was very friendly, everyone was a delight!!The other reviews on here are misleading. This is truly a greasy spoon.  The plates for the buffet were wet and didn't look clean.  The food was honestly just OK.Love this place. Shrimp and crab omelette po boy for breakfast was a game changer. French toast and hash browns were great too!What a wonderful place!  Definitely go for the buffet--a great chance to sample most of what's on the menu.  We loved the fried chicken, but the gumbo, jambalaya and sausage were all also very tasty. Finish with a fine bread pudding.
Li'l Dizzy's is a short, pleasant walk from the French Quarter, where one encounters nice folks sitting on their front stoops and a chance to exchange a friendly "hey y'all". 
The staff at Li'l Dizzy's are genuinely nice people who serve up awesome soul food.Really great place to get an authentic New Orleans feel and full stomach. The buffet offers the traditional New Orleans staples and some of the best fried chicken I have ever had. The place is a bit divey but that's kinda the point. If you want cloth napkins and frou frou accommodations you should look elsewhere. If you want to go have a great meal cooked with love, lots of grease, and some great conversation with locals...this is the spot!Food great!!!   Staff friendly and attentive.  Would recommend.  Mostly buffet for about $14, but down south cooking.Good, Creole cooking. The food is very tasty, but the decor leave a little to be desired. Definitely seems to be more geared towards locals, rather than tourists.Visiting for the Essence festival so we expected a long wait. The place is small and was crowded, but we were seated within 10mins. The actual owner was seating people so it was nice to see. I ordered the fried catfish, grits and eggs. The catfish was cooked lighly and you could tell the grits were real(not instant). Would definitely come back to try dinner. FYI...they don't separate checks.Oh my God  is what  I literally screamed tasting the red beans! It felt so good to taste new Orleans food the way it suppose to be. Living in Houston I have to defend my opinion when I say, the so called Authentic New Orleans resturant food don't have that NOLA taste. There is something  special about an original NOLA cooked dish. This place gave me this in so many ways. I mean the gumbo was right, and I screamed yes for the juice. When I tell you i scraped the bowl, and ate every drop inside. I also had the fried chicken which was really good, the mac and cheese was rolling ,and the rice was great. I also was psyched, because I got to taste the original new orleans-style French bread, which absolutely melts in your mouth. I also had the salad which was really good and fresh. Did I mention that this all was a buffet, yes all this great  buffet-style food for only $15.99. You can order from the menu, you don't have to do the buffet, but you get the most value for your money if you do the buffet. Now the décor of this place isn't the most elegant, but this is a place you go to for great food. If you visit New Orleans you definitely have to stop by this place to taste an awesome meal,and be greeted by a cool staff.I've been to this place many times over the past 10 years. I took a years break, hoping to return to find the food got better. How wrong I was. Today, the grits were as cold, lumpy and as runny as ever. I just don't think they care about these reviews however, because their return business is so high. Some ppl don't care, or just don't know really good food. 
The buffet lunch looks like a short line of slop. 
I'm SO disappointed, because I use to love this place. My stomach hurts, which usually indicates something unclean was done in the kitchen. 
The pictures on the wall of famous people should not be misunderstood. It's not good just because their faces are up here. 
I don't like this place & thank goodness I have an option to never ever return.The gumbo is amazing!! The fried chicken is amazing!  The bread pudding is amazing!  Need I say more!Man oh man... I gave this place ONE star. It kind of bothers me to do so. I pondered on it but after much thought I promised myself that maybe one day Ill go back and maybe give it a second chance but not anytime soon.
So I came here last minute on Mother's day.
Great location, can't beat it. We ordered one buffet plate and one ordered of scrambled eggs with a biscuit and grits. To drink, one coffee, one sweet tea and two waters. Simple right?
Before I go on my little rant, I'm calling out the waitress. She was nice but was the worst waitress ever. Only white waitress there. She ignored us basically all of the time. I had to flag her down in more than one occasion. Another gentleman, (not sure if he was a manager... Older fella) helped out with our refills and getting her attention. Like I said, she was nice to our face but definitely didn't like us being there.
Another issue I have was with the omelette. It tasted good, but was sloppy. 
The food wasn't bad but definitely not $25 a plate. If they stepped up there game and tighten up their ship, maybe.
The food is comparable to really good gas station food. The best way to describe this place is a "slop house in a great location".I throughly enjoyed my breakfast here! I honestly felt like I was eating at my aunts house. Wednesday morning it was scattered with locals half eating/ half talking mess, my kinda place! The food tastes like my (big daddy) aka grandpa would make after cleaning a fresh catch of catfish. Well seasoned crispy fish, creamy grits and biscuits that the owner probably holds the recipe to locked in a safe under their bed. I hate to write a good review because I just want this place protected from demanding tourist since it's so close to the French quarter. The waiter was funny, I was initially confused about the set-up because there was a buffet style table and I was unsure if I was to wait for a menu or serve myself. After sitting in awkward silence for a couple of minutes I inquired to the waitress and she looked like don't rush me, I'll be there in a second lol but a gentleman walking around noticed my confusion and brought me one. Since I read about the great gumbo reviews, I asked to grab some to go and she replied if it's ready as she walked away. Now some would call this bad service but I know it's character! That's how you can tell it's good, you can't rush the process lol. Anyway, next time I visit New Orleans I'm skipping the gimmicks in the French Quarter to come and hang with my cousins lolI tried this place a Sunday less than a month ago. It was late morning, and my mom and I were hungry after spending the morning walking around the lakefront. I wanted to try someplace new so I checked out google and yelp. 
This place popped up and since I've driven by a bunch of times, I figured it would be a perfect day to check it out. Since it was already 12:40 pm, we immediately got there before their 2 pm closing time. There was a wait. The guy doing the wait promised 4 minutes for a table for 2. We go outside and sit at one of their outdoor tables. Despite the late summer heat and humid, all the tables were full and had people eating their breakfast. So we got a chance to see their omelettes and fried chicken. Neither looked amazing, but we were hungry and hoping for the best.
An hour later, we finally are called. We entered the crowded dining room and sit at a 4-top with an older couple. We all make our introductions then wait for the waitress to get our orders. In the meantime, both my mom and I get up to check out their breakfast buffet. At 1:40 pm, there's only 3 pieces of tiny fried chicken and a few dried pork chops. The rest of the buffet were also slim pickings. We talk about using the omelette station but then decided that and the bread pudding weren't worth $18/person. 
So my mom ordered the crabmeat and cheese omelette. I had the shrimp grillades. The couple got the buffet. Husband came back with 3 pieces of bacon, a tiny thigh and some grits. Wife had scrambled eggs and a wing. They ate in silence and picked at their cold food. 
20 minutes later, our food arrives. At this point, our drinks finally come. The table had sodas, coffee and water. 
My shrimp is swimming in grease while my mom's omelette is a white half-moon on her white plate. Neither looked appetizing. But since both of us had passed the point of ravenous, we ate with gusto. 
Shrimp were good sized and perfectly cooked. Good amount of grits. Decent flavoring on everything. I ended up being fairly satisfied with my food. Definitely had much better but have had worse too. Although, I've never paid for worse....
Unfortunately, my mom couldn't say the same. Absolutely no crab to speak of. No meat, no juice, no flavoring. It was a cheese omelette. For $13, it was cheese and eggs. No vegetables and definitely no crab. 
Our table agreed the food was unacceptable. The couple was from Detroit and had been hoping for a good New Orleans restaurant. (My mom and I steered them toward Willie Mae's for some fried chicken that lives up to its hype. They said they were immediately heading over there since they were still hungry, and Lil Dizzy's was already breaking down the buffet. They shook their head and said $40 down the drain.)
So that plus the horrible service from beginning to end, ensures I won't be coming back. The dining room is also very tiny and tables are right on top of each other. I left feeling claustrophobic and disappointed. I know I wasn't the only one.What a disappointment... the service is not optimized, waiters NOT friendly. And the food, well average junky food. Based on the review I tried the french toast... nothing to brag about really. Terrible Mccheese? Who sais it was cheap? 8.99 for toasts... same price as in the french distric only less tasty.
Obviously not an option for healthy food, veggies, non gluten etc... but this we all knew before.Enjoyed brunch here. As a southerner I highly recommend the buffet if southern cooking is what you're looking for. Can be a little pricy but well worth the trip.The gumbo is sooo good! If you go there definitely get a bowl. Also, for your bread size get the biscuit. All of the food was amazing. The customer service was great as well. Thanks Tracey!Found this little jewel in the vast jewelry store that is New Orleans dining. We were looking for a great place to grab brunch and Li'l Dizzy's Cafe popped up. When you walk in you see all of the history framed on the walls. Pictures of famous sporting figures, political figures, famous Hollywood filmstars, etc. When you walk in you know where you are. Good ole New Orleans, No fancy frills, just fun! The food was unbelievable. The brunch buffet looked amazing. Everything from grits, fried chicken, fried seafood, and an omelette station. While the brunch buffet looked absolutely amazing I was not looking for a huge breakfast. So instead i ordered the Shrimp and Grits (Shrimp Grillade) and I will tell you that it was unbelievably tasty. The Grits were perfectly cooked and flavorful. They give you plenty of shrimp and the grits have a delicious layer of gravy poured right over top the shrimp and grits. Then add the sauteed bell peppers, onions , and mushroom you have something truly special. And then you must add a biscuit because they are absolutely heavenly. Soft, buttery, and served right out the oven. 
Li'l Dizzy's Cafe is something truly special. This is a must visit New Orleans staple that will make you feel right at home. I can't wait to go back and try more of their amazing menu.Some people on here say the lunch buffet is the best deal, like, ever. I say I paid $35 for two + a reluctant tip, after approaching the buffet and seeing a cockroach dying a meek death next to the fried chicken. I ate it anyways, and lived to tell the tale. Was it worth it? Meh idk really. Nahh.The food is amazing the staff is wonderful it feels like home when you go there.  It is now a must every time I go to New Orleans.  we found this place from word of month from a woman at the airport we were so  delighted to have found it.The best French toast and shrimp grillade we have had yet! Affordable menu, helpful and pleasant staff. Considering returning again for their Sunday brunch.This place was advertising that it was open until 8PM so my wife and I decided to walk over from our BNB for desert. We arrived at 725 and the door was locked and the man said they had had a busy day and were closing up. I mentioned that we were just coming for dessert but he told it's to go someplace else.Glad my friend Dave brought us here, it's off the beaten track!
Expect warm Southern hospitality. Also expect to eat a lot!
Order the buffet, so you don't feel like you missed out when your companion raves over something. 
I don't eat this type of food often, so I'm not the expert on it, but it seemed authentic. The boozy bread pudding was a highlight. I loved the gumbo, the fried chicken, the fish, the mac, everything.  
Oh, the french toast was only average (inferior bread, but I'm in San Francisco, and a bread snob).
The place is full of photos and stuff on the walls, and all the people were happy - so I really enjoyed the atmosphere. Super casual. 
awww, I want to go back!Lil Dizzy's -  Wow,  it's been a minute and since the restaurant has moved it has been a big disappointment. The whole experience warrants this 1 star.
I don't like when the server puts a check down before your order comes , and she rushes payment by saying "I need you to pay so I can close out" while we were eating. They closed at 2, and it was about 1:45pm. There was a buffet and she didn't explain that I couldn't get my side from the buffet, therefore she charged me for "smothered potatoes" which were not and she still brought the side of smothered potatoes from the same place I got mine from! The salad was old and wack. The fried chicken was overly greasy, and over breaded. There were no good side options. Just don't go there unless you are looking for an early heart attack from greasy, disappointing food and bad customer service. Maybe it was the timing, but that should not reflect on the service we had, or the food.Leave the French Quarter tourist traps and go to this hidden gem. Great soul food and the best gumbo in New Orleans. Great service and the staff treat you like family! The fried chicken and great northern beans are like grandma use to make. Run don't walk to the li'l Dizzy Cafe.The staff is amazing and the food is beyond delicious. I had some of the BEST fried chicken I have ever eaten at Lil Dizzy's. I just moved to the city from Chicago and this is definitley one of my favorite local spots. Make sure you taste the bread pudding also, it is incredible.Let me tell you about this place.... everything was EXCELLENT!!!!!!!! We heard about the place from a bus driver as we were riding the bus as tourist. We asked about where we can find some good places to eat and Lil Dizzy was one of the places she mentioned.  When we got there it wasn't what I expected and when I went in I was a little taken back because that also wasn't what I imagined.  Just let me say don't let their appearance fool you because the food made up for the appearance.  The staff was nice and treated us like family.  It felt like we were visiting family that we haven't seen in years.  They took pride in their job. They were very attentive to us and made sure they took our dirty places and kept our drinks filled.  The gumbo, chicken, sweet potatoes, bread pudding, sweet tea, and etc. was delicious.  I was so happy we ate there.  PLEASE, please give this place a try, you will not be disappointed.Lil dizzy Lil Dizzy Lil Dizzy. Why do you do this to me??? So my friends and I come in and wait for a table because you know damn well it's always packed and get to sit down after about fifteen minutes. By that 15 minutes the time to order breakfast had ended. Mind you - we were there before. When it's time to order we ask for three coffees and a water with no ice. The waitress never gave us our coffee and all the waters had ice. We asked to order breakfast and the waitress literally laughed at us and said it was over. So we said ok and got something else. The Table right next to us ORDERED FUCKING BREAKFAST AFTER US. We literally watched them make eggs. Then when it was time to pay there was coffee on our check. It too 40 minutes of listening to the girls in there fight and try to find our waitress  and another 15 to tell her to take the coffee she never fucking brought off our tab. I'm still coming here because the food is good. But the staff is awful.I just ate here for the first time and it is so delicious! Will definitely eat here again when I come back in town.The food is good and the staff is very friendly.  I agree with the reviewers who conentd that it is a bit expensive for what it is, but the fired chicken and bread pudding are some of the best in New Orleans.This place was in the Tremé area. Also known as the birthplace of Jazz. It was a quick Uber ride away for my boyfriend and I. It's not a fancy tourist attraction but it's good hearty food. It's a small restaurant with a down home feel to it. We went there for Sunday brunch. I got the buffet which included southern classics like fried chicken, garlic string beans, and gumbo. (YUMMMMMMM) I also had the luxury of having bacon, potatoes, ready to order omelets(I had 2 crab omelets) and ready to order French toast!!! The French toast was amazing!!! I ate my boyfriends( I ate a lot that day lol)
If you wanna eat with the locals give this place a shot! Go where the locals go!The brunch here is a must. They have an omelette station and phenomenal bread pudding and fried chicken. The owner is very cool and the wait staff attentive and friendly. Will be back next time we are in town.Amazing food, not cheap but well priced for how good it is. Whatever you order make sure to get the grilled biscuits, best I'll ever eatThe roast pork was tender and tasty.  The French Toast was very good.   The shrimp omelet was great.  Gumbo was  excellent . The service was just ok.  Part of the problem with the service was the Resturant was extremely busy and they needed more wait staff. The  waitress we had was friendly and nice.If you like creole food, this is one of the best spots in New Orleans, if not the best. It's certainly the best for the price, especially if you come on a weekend evening for the buffet. They typically have gumbo (sometimes seafood, sometimes sausage, always awesome), étouffée, macaroni and some kind of veggie.  It comes with bread pudding, which is so legit, and I don't even like bread pudding. 
Best of all, the buffet, which is like $15 with tax, also comes with fried chicken, some of the best you will ever eat. 
Servers are nice and welcoming. 
You will leave fat and happy.  Get here early, though. They close up shop at 8.Ok.  If you are in New Orleans on a Sunday and fail to stop by Lil Dizzys just because its slightly off the beaten tourist path, I really dont understand what you are tryna do with your life.
Dont come here if you are on a diet though, because you will violate yourself HARD.  The chicken is fried up almost too pretty too eat (Atlanta friends, THIS is what real fried yardbird looks like), and if you can imagine copelands buffet at half the price with more authentic NewOrleans food and gospel music - then you basically have Lil Dizzys.  
Oh yeah, the bread pudding....another entry has been found for the new and improved makeyawannaslapyomomma list.If you're looking for a consistently good breakfast joint look no further. 
Very solidly good food with large portions. Nothing blew me away, but nothing to complain about either. My friend really enjoyed her grilled chicken as it came with many onions and good charred bits. My grilled catfish was delicious as well. Good fried chicken--second best I've had in NOLA. But the best part was the buttery and wonderful biscuit. Don't pass up on those!
Overall a hearty and satisfying meal.Last minute lunch. Immediately felt welcome by owners of the establishment. Everyone was extremely friendly and the food was delicious! The bread pudding is historic! My husband hates the dessert but after trying Dizzy's version, we were dueling over the last morsel. A great representation of southern hospitality and down home cooking.My friends and I visited this restaurant based on one of the friends' recommendations. Being from Texas, we didn't really know where to go to eat on vacation and I am a pretty picky eater which makes things difficult also.
The outside is unassuming and looks like one of the houses in the neighborhood. Once you walk inside, you can see pretty much the whole place. There are tables dispersed throughout and fans overhead. I didn't feel any air conditioning but since it was March, it wasn't really needed. On one of the far walls, there was a man cooking on 3 portable stovetops. On the other, there was a buffet line-up.
We sat next to the stovetops and here comes the bad part of the experience. Our waitress took forever to come take our drink orders, give us menus, and then take our order. She recommended that we get the buffet because it would be faster. I hadn't eaten in 12 hours and was desperately trying to stay calm while my friends and I all ordered from the menu and not the buffet. 
When our food did finally come, it was AMAZING. I ordered an order of white meat chicken breast (which came with 2 pieces), some mac and cheese, bacon, and hash browns. I don't like chicken off the bone but I felt like it would be really good here and it did not disappoint. The chicken was wonderfully seasoned, the mac and cheese was cheesily, creamy, and the bacon was crisp and juicy. The hash browns were ok compared to the rest of the meal.
Overall, I would definitely go back as long as I wasn't expecting to eat within 15 minutes upon sitting down.The food was very good. The only issue I had was the server embarrassed us following us out the restaurant and yelling what did  we not like about her service, claiming we had not tipped her.  Which in fact we did tip her well over 20%. There were a lot of people outside the restaurant who saw. I had to point out on the receipt where she had been tipped. The apology never came and the thank you was no where near as loud as the fussing out she was trying to give us. Because of that I will not return there as we had planned to.I've eaten at Lil Dizzy's more times than I have fingers and toes.  Never ever had a bad or mediocre meal; always rely good to great.  I've hurt myself more than once.  Servers have always treated me like a King.  Atmosphere always welcoming.  My companions have always felt the same.I got the lunch buffet deal and I tried a little of all the dishes! The quality wasn't amazing but it's a good way to taste a variety of food from this area. I really loved the bread pudding!Dayum! This is the real deal. Just go, check the buffet...killer diller, everything here is wonderful.Oh. My. 
I came with a party of seven for Sunday brunch and after a short wait Mr. Baquet somehow made room and got a table ready for us.
The food is excellent. Omelettes, chicken, gumbo, cabbage... Everything. There's more food on the menu but I want you to go and find out for yourself.
And the staff--they really let you know you are HOME. I'll be back soon.Great food!  Great service.  Had the broiled catfish, grits, eggs and a biscuit.  YUMMY!lunch buffet was awesome... the day we went they had fried chicken, mac & cheese, beef stew, white beans, and of course gumbo. everything was terrific but the gumbo was out of this world! the bread pudding was also a big hit. we will be back!Dragged my wife on the long hike to li'l dizzying after reading about it on several sites. Everything was fabulous, I tried the buffet she had the shrimp po boy. The fried chicken was great lightly breaded and fried to perfection. The jambalaya had a nice kick, the gumbo was fantastic. The sweet potatoes were like candy. To finish it off I had the bread pudding, I am going to be dreaming about it for years to come. I don't know what all was in it but it was gooey perfection.So some friends of mine told me about this place and I had been wanting to go since then. This place lived up to the hype. Now it is very very small. It was Hot in NOLA but the place was very cool. Again it is small and seating is limited. 
We were seated like 2 min after walking in. Kelsie was our server and she was great. She had such a kind spirit. 
We ordered the buffet. The red beans were the best beans I have ever had. The fried chicken was piping hot, golden brown, and packed with flavor, the eggs were good also. The sweet tea was perfect and I am a tea snob.
I am not a bread pudding person, but it was good. I could taste the banana in it..... I wouldn't order that but it was good. I am already planning my next trip to have the seafood omlet and French toast I heard it's the bombGreat food, we really enjoyed the food. It was small but that's one of the things I enjoyed most about this place. The selection of food will blow your mind.I love coming to Dizzys every time I come to NOLA. It is a TRUE local spit and a piece of the Treme. Come for any meal and you won't be disappointed. Really I can't go on too much. Breakfast is amazing and lunch is to die for. Its best to come right when you get to NOLA so the bar is set, then come back to finish.I really enjoyed everything that my husband and I had for southern style brunch. A local friend highly recommended this place and I understand why. The authentic and yet simple flavors round out the whole experience with the service and friendly atmosphere for a great brunch. We both died over the fried catfish and the crawfish omelet.Great seasoned fried chicken, mac n cheese was also good. The gumbo was divine but the rice was slightly under cooked. Had the crab omelette which I didn't care for. I think it had American cheese and I didn't like the taste. My friend had it and loved it  Over all it was a great experience of real Nawlins food. But the wait time is real...snack before you go because you will wait for Sunday Brunch and least a 1hr- 1 hr 1/2 wait.5 star items: fried chicken, gumbo, and bread pudding.
We stopped by Lil' Dizzy's Cafe on the food tour we took the first day and were blown away by the food so we decided to go one more time before we left NOLA.
When we went back, we made the mistake of getting the $15.99 buffet. Let me just say that there's no way you can possible get the value out of the buffet.  We stuffed our faces with fried chicken ($1.50/piece for dark meat and $2.00/piece for white meat a la carte), gumbo ($5.00/cup), jambalaya, and bread pudding and I think the items I ate would've cost me about the same amount of money if I had ordered them individually.  We definitely ate beyond our level of comfort and suffered for the rest of the day.
Anyway, if you control your eating a little better, you'll have a wonderful time since the food is excellent.Loved this spot. Recommended to me by a local woman, I went for breakfast and had the fried catfish, grits and scrambled eggs.  All were yummy, and the people were very friendly. The guys at the table next to me bought my breakfast for me because I was by myself and they learned I was from out of town. Awesome!Got some take out fried chicken, biscuits, gumbo and jambalaya! The ladies that work they are very friendly and the food was absolutely fantastic! Can't wait to eat my leftovers again! The fried chicken is the bomb diggity!!!!Southern Creole Food in a down-home environment for the right price! This is Southern Hospitality at it's best! Have the shrimp and grits and fried chicken and you can say you've had the typical New Orleans fare! Thank goodness the sweet old lady on the bus turned us on to this place! You won't regret it!Almost didn't make it in (Closes at 2pm) but glad we did! The Brunch Buffet was well worth the wait! From the fried chicken to the gumbo, it was delicious! We've been to other places in NOLA and this spot by far has been the best food (fresh and seasoned well). Small, little long of a wait but AGAIN, so well worth it! Their sweet tea and bread pudding (comes with the buffet) was so good, and I really don't do either but did and oh so happy that that I did! Will have to return to try the fish and mac & cheese (part of the buffet but they were out). Really don't know where I'd put it though after eating everything else!?!?!!Awesome spot. A former classmate of my dad's owns this place. The decorations inside are great and the staff was so friendly and amazing. Definitely had that down home, southern hospitality feel. I ordered the seafood po boy omelette with a side of hot sausage and wasn't disappointed. It was delicious and a generous portion! I can't wait to go back here sometime and try something else on their menuGET THE BUFFET!!!  The best gumbo EVER seriously!  I have had many gumbos in this city and I will say hands down Dizzy's is the best there is.  The buffet includes gumbo and bread pudding.  The fried chicken is amazing and this place is like eating in ya momma's house.  The staff while not always super attentive is always very friendly and they have always been great and accommodating when I brought my child.At the suggestion of our very nice bartender last night, we stopped in for a hearty breakfast. We got the seafood omelet and the eggs, grits and fried catfish. The omelet was fantastic, stuffed with fresh, plump shrimp. The catfish was just as fresh and seasoned majestically. This place truly hit the spot.BEST fried chicken I've ever had.  Po'boys are good too but get the fried chicken.Food was decent not much of variety. Kind of messy. The service was the worst I've ever had. Be prepared to wait. It was not worth the price in my opinion. They added gratuity for my family of five.This is a place that feels very authentic as well as has a standard Louisiana menu- awesome. The host was friendly and sat us in a few minutes. The food we got- catfish and shrimp po'boys- was really good, but not top 5. 
I felt compelled to write a review based on the service- hilariously "real" and southern (but lacking the "southern hospitality" part of southern)- the staff was felt no obligation to hurry, be prompt, or even check in. Some customers were really annoyed by just how slow it was and the staff was entirely unapologetic and even had some attitude with some customers. 
That said, if you're not in a rush and down to roll with the punches while enjoying some solid New Orleans classics... Then this is a cool spot.I think there needs to be another star ......I would give it 6 out of 5. How I love the food let me count the ways. It ain't nothing fancy it's just down home cooking. I had the French toast and I also tried the fried chicken as well which both were absolutely delicious I was with small group so we all tried different things. The staff was so warm and friendly. It is absolute must to come here  and I will make it a point to come back!Highlights-
3 of us quickly seated 
2 ordered the buffet
1 ordered a bowl of gumbo 
The gumbo is served from the buffet so you might as well sample the buffet for a few dollars more. 
Pros- 
Fried chicken - light and crispy
Gumbo - flavorful not much crab but they will give you a side of claws of you ask
Pasta jambalaya - so good went Back for seconds, wanted thirds- shrimp and sausage dominated this pasta dish.
Green beans - most likely canned but perfectly seasoned like I love them .
Bread pudding - now I don't even really care for this dish but omg it was so Yummy ! ! I could have gone back for seconds and thirds but I used self control..
Cons - 
Service was a little strange - they seemed to want us out at closing as we were finishing up.  
They turned a few tourists away at 3pm -Which  is their closing time for lunch however allowed a local person in a few minutes later . 
The waitresses and servers seem to be hard working southern men and women and a little more direct than us west coast folks are used to . Lol
Red Beans and rice were blandWent there on recommendation of the concierge at Ritz-Carlton. He said one of his favorite places and that a lot of locals go there. He warned it was a hole in the wall and that looks like someone's mother was cooking in kitchen. Sounds like my kind of place. 
We were very pleased. They had buffet. Awesome fried chicken, bread pudding, grits! The waitress was very pleasant.  The staff was bantering with each other and it was really nice atmosphere. 
Price was very reasonable. We would definitely go back next time we are in NOLA.OMG, the fried chicken, the macaroni, & the gumbo (& I don't even like gumbo) was DA BOMB!!! Ya gotta eat there!We ordered the fried chicken and gumbo. Both were great, but the gumbo was a little on the salty side for me. This is not a touristy spot, so if you are from out of town you need to know that you will be eating some SERIOUS food, so come hungry and be humble!Pros: This place has some of the best gumbo. It's not made for the tourists (bland and flavorless). I love the chicken and the bread pudding is to die for. 
Cons: ain't nowhere to sit. That adds to the nostalgia of the restaurant. Some of the servers are rude and forgetful but if you have the privilege to sit in Mrs Lucy's table you will be treated like royalty.My Uber driver recommended this place and omg I love this place. It's not a fancy place and you'll need a bit of patience. But it's well worth the wait. I went for the Sunday Brunch buffet and their fried chicken chicken was delicious. The grits was delicious ( I must have some bad grits in Chicago because I was really liked the one here). Their gumbo was yummy, a lil slimy but still good. And then I almost didn't try Their gumbo. But it's a must!!' is simply out of this world. Packed with flavor! My boyfriend had he fried catfish and it was cooked to perfection. We just can't get this in Chicago so I'm glad I went.Been here twice.. Love the food! Place is small and packed with people, some waiting outside. EAT and GO b/c the lil man (I assume is the manager) will let you have it! Lol!  Felt just like home... Just wish it was a bigger placeI was visiting from St. Louis and there was a line outside so I stopped in. They had a buffet that included fried chicken & the best tasting mac and cheese from any restaurant  I've ever had. It was cheesy  and not to heavy. The buffet also included yams, greens, salad bar, cornbread...etc Their smoked turkey was tender and delicious  too. Beat tasting bread pudding I had in NOLA. I was super stuffed.Chicken is delicious ! No wait , we had the buffet , and the freshly cooked fried chicken is very tasty and juicy , and at the end the dessert Bread pudding is to die for ! The atmosphere is very friendly ! The best part again is no wait  and the food is delicious!This is our favorite place in all of New Orleans!  Absolutely BEST fried chicken, bread pudding, beans and rice, and EVERYTHING ELSE!  We drive all the way from Oklahoma looking forward to this being our first stop every trip!
Plus you have an all you can eat option with multiple homemade selections for around $15!!!!!I don't have much of a control group of bayou eatery to compare this to, but this restaurant sets the bar extremely high. The food is just amazing, I highly recommend the shrimp "po boy." The servers are extremely nice and friendly. They know most of the customers by name. Overall a wonderful lunch experience, but there was one downside. The service was a bit slower than I would prefer, but not too bad. And just for reference, For a family of four it was about 60 dollars.Still the best in New Orleans!  Stopped for breakfast this time!  Eggs, hash browns, biscuits from scratch, ham, oh my!  All for 6.99?! In New Orleans?!Great food, attentive service. Customers are a mix of locals and tourists, and the non-locals are welcomed without comment. We had the Sunday brunch buffet, and it was well worth it - the fried chicken, gumbo, French toast, and bread pudding were absolutely delicious.Went for the buffet. Everything was great. Top 2 in New Orleans in my experience of 5 days.Man this is some of the best food around and I came back because I wanted the biscuits haha.  I'm telling y'all...the best biscuits you will ever taste.  All the other food is really good too of course.  Lucy LU hooked me up with a biscuit even after breakfast time.  Check them out y'all.  Good people and good food.During my trip in NOLA, we decided to find a southern brunch place and Lil Dizzy was the best decision we made. We all got their all you can eat buffet, that includes all the food out AND made to order eggs and made to order french toast. Highly recommend ordering a side of the french toast as dessert item. It was fluffy and slight crisp on the outside, cannot do better.Restored our faith in New Orleans eating! A little out of the way from the French Quarter, but worth the walk. Plus it's a way to burn off the extra calories. We came for lunch and were immediately seated and handed a small menu. This is a breakfast/lunch establishment that features a buffet as well as egg and poboy choices. We selected an oyster poboy and a shrimp poboy accompanied by fries. The bread was fresh and crusty and the seafood breaded lightly, not oily. We chose the "dressed" sandwich, meaning sauce, tomato, lettuce and pickles. Oh my,  delicious! The fries were average but acceptable. And, the waitperson hearing that we never tried grits before, came over with a small dish for us to try, on the house!
We will return!
, 
!Lil Dizzy's was highly recommended to us but we could never even get to try the food. The server was extremely rude and unaccomodating. She made snide remarks every time we asked for something, and we ultimately decided to go elsewhere for brunch. I would NEVER try to go back there.I mean, why aren't you here? Especially if you're reading this on a Sunday? Stop reading, close your laptop. Turn off your phone and drive to Li'l Dizzy's. 
I came on a recommendation of a local friend and it was the best decision I made in all of 2015. The food was great, made with a stick of butter and a load of love. Everything you eat here will make you want to kiss somebody. The chef, your mom, someone. 
The gumbo with the giant crabs sticking out of it....wow. The french toast? Damn. 
The fried chicken..........oh the fried chicken is so....it's just so...It's.......
Sorry, I started drooling. 
Just get here!I ordered catfish, scambled eggs, and grits.  My food came out quick and hot. The service and staff is great.  A true at home feeling eating at Lil Dizzys.Was looking for a good place with some real southern food the young man at my hotel recommended this spot,  all I can say is it went down - awesome food,  awesome people I will definitely come back!!Great local gem! Went there with a group of friends traveling for the Essence Fest! From the moment, we walked in the door we were treated like family. The food was phenomenal! We had breakfast and the French toast and biscuits were some the best I've had.  Following the meal, the owner even came to our table to greet us and tell us a little bit about the history of the restaurant and the Treme neighborhood. Next time I'm in NOLA I will definitely be returning!This place has the best hospitality out there! Came from out of town with a group of 8 after breakfast was done being served and the owner allowed us to still order breakfast. On top of that the owner and our server made sure we were good at all times and also got some delicious fried chicken on the house! And the food was delicious, fried cat fish was so tasty. Will definitely come back here my next visit to New OrleansIt's been a minute since I been to this little spot but I love it. The food is great, the service is great. The only thing that sucks is the close early and parking can be a pain sometimes.We went for the Sunday brunch. Our waitress should go in another line of work. The food? Some was good and some was ok. For me and my husband the things that saved the experience were the fried chicken and French toast. I also liked the grits although they were a little heavy on the salt. The Mac and cheese and green beans were ok but after adding a little salt to them they were good. You can get made to order omelettes and French toast but our lovely waitress didn't explain that to us. I got a ham and cheese omelette and it was pretty good as well. I'm giving this place a 4 based on the food. If I added in the service and the tiny spot we had to eat in that would take to down to a low three maybe a high two. Would we go back? Yes but probably order of a la carte menu next time.I absolutely love this place. lol Dizzys is a New Orleans staple that every local has been too. the staff is as real as it gets and I love it! stop by for good food and great memoriesI really enjoyed this place. I think they might have the best ice tea I've ever had, not overly sweet. The shrimp grillada  (shrimp and grits) was great. The gravy they provide with it really makes it special. Most importantly the people are nice and really attentive! Great place.We got there for the fried chicken but a little too early for it...had to come by at 11 am for the lunch menu but they were nice to keep the table for us.  The table was a little dirty with still crumbs on the paper table cloth but chicken was good with crispy skin and moist meat, wasn't overly seasoned.  The banana pudding was excellent but the poboy bread was on a little too chewy.Kiss $ss chicken.  The real deal.
I could have sat here all day (and more) just grazing the buffet.
Ya know, I could go on and on with amazing descriptive flowing words, but I'll spare.  If you're anywhere close to this place, get your $ss over there....and enjoy.
....have a thigh for me.Awesome place a little off the beaten path. The wait staff is super nice and the buffet is a great value.We picked up food to go tonight.  5 pieces of fried chicken, mac n cheese, string beans and a bowl of gumbo.  My sister in law said "This is the best fried chicken I've had in my life."  My brother commented that it was "the best gumbo we have had in New Orleans."  My 4 year old and I were too busy eating to say a word.  Absolutely delicious!NEEDS HAIRNETS!!!!! The first time I came here I had a great experience (which is why I decided to return). The second time was completely horrible!
I walked in and asked for a table for one. After being seated, it took what seemed like forever before I was given a menu. I asked for a sweet tea and was cut-off by the waitress who said she was helping someone else. After finally getting my order in, my food came out not too long after. I ordered bacon, hash browns, and eggs cooked over-medium, with a side of cheese grits. After a couple bites, I discovered a strand of hair cooked into my eggs. I returned the plate and waited for them to remake it. After the waitress brought me a new plate, I again discovered yet another hair; this time, in the hash browns. I spoke to the waitress about it and she seemed to have gotten upset with me...for what reason? I'll never know... She then went loud talking on her way to the kitchen and then stormed off in the back. I didn't see her anymore. The cook, who is clearly visible for all customers to see, then charged me for my drink and gave a half apology, not even looking me in the face once.
I've worked in food service for years; so I know and understand how hard it could be at times. This is why I always leave a tip. However, this time, I left nothing. Extremely disappointed in the customer service here. I don't care how good the food is; customer service is everything!Today we had lunch at Lil Dizzy in New Orleans. OMG!! The food was amazing.  The rice and stewed chicken was my favorite.  But the gumbo and fried chicken were excellent also. The bread pudding was also great.  It closes at 2:00pm. The staff made us feel at home and were very attentive.  Had a lot of fun and great food!! Will definitely return whenever I am in town again!!!Upon entering our waitress greeted us by saying "Hey babies!". Felt immediately at home. Recommended by our Airbnb host, from whom we also learned that HBO's Treme scenes where shot at this place.  Lil Dizzy's had a very relaxed but also lively atmosphere. Service was friendly even though it was all more laid back and self serve. 
For lunch, we went with the buffet where you get a taste of everything for $13.99. Sweet Corn, smothered chicken, fried chicken, cornbread, red rice and beans, mac n cheese....soul food heaven. Went back for 2nd and 3rd..and 4th! Also my  first taste of gumbo and jambalaya Yummy!
Go before 12pm to avoid the wait.They have some of the best fried chicken in the world, and we think the bread pudding is the best EVAH!
You can get both on the weekday lunch buffet. They also have a nice breakfast menu which includes omelettes, grits, grillades, and a breakfast po-boy. I found this place because I missed Zachary's. It's the same family, and I swear, the food is better now. They are easy to get to, and the local crowds will tell you just how good it is.
You can definitely over-do it here with the buffet. Keep in mind, they have a regular menu, too. They are well-known for their Jazz Fest booth serving Trout Baquet. It is delicious. Combine this with a nice selections of po-boys & platters, and you have a nice little hole-in-the-wall joint feel with first-class food. 
They do close early (check the hours), but they have a Sunday Brunch buffet, too. This family has been around making wonderful Creole food for generations, and the restaurant itself is their third incarnation. Do yourself a favor and drop in. It will change your life.Returning to NOLA from a swamp tour, I had lunch at Lil' Dizzy's Cafe on Esplanade. They're only open until 2:00 p.m. daily, which is why I booked the first tour of the day in order to get back in time. This is a neighborhood joint with a mostly African-American clientele but has local folks and tourists as well. I observed a minister encountering various members of his congregation at different tables, coming and going. Great fried chicken, gumbo, green beans, red beans and rice, bread pudding (all available in their buffet lunch). Also other great-looking soul food coming out of kitchen to other tables.It is one of my favorite breakfast places and where all my visitors ask to go again. The cheese grits, the jambalaya omelet, the seafood omelet, the french toast made with french bread - well I'd roll around in it but it's too sticky. That lunch buffet has the best fried catfish in the city and there are always New Orleans staples like gumbo and seafood dishes. I have to go hungry and always end up rolling out of there!This place gives me life; I couldn't go to NOLA without visiting Lil Dizzy's. The food is the best! I usually get the Catfish and grits, seafood platter and the french toast is to die for. Everything on the menu is authentic and Lil Dizzy makes you feel at home. I don't eat meat but my friend said the fried chicken is the best she'd ever had. YES I recommend Lil Dizzy to anyone that is visiting NOLA.I went to visit Lil Dizzy's because I heard they made good gumbo. Not the 'tourist' kind that is basically a seasoned stew found in many downtown restaurants... but the kind my grandma made back in the day with ingredients you can actually see.   It was delicious. A dark, rich flavorful roux with just the right amount of spice over rice, just what the doctor ordered.  I had their famous fried chicken as well. Freshly fried, crispy and well seasoned, that bird did not stand a chance.  The staff was warm, friendly and casual.  Large portions and easy parking.  The restaurant was cool and comfortable and the prices were reasonable. I would go again. My friends say I should get the buffet. "Everybody get's the buffet" they said. That's fine, as long as they have gumbo.   Call ahead for hours of operation.  Worth it.And I though I made good gumbo.
The buffet was just going to be too much food for lunch so I ordered a cup to go with my piece of fried chicken. I think "Holy sh_t!" was what came out of my mouth, and I hope it wasn't too loud...but DAMN it's good! Little crab legs and bone-in chicken poke out through broth that's hiding shrimp and sausage underneath. The seasoning is perfect, and it comes out piping hot with 4 pieces of french bread to soak up all that goodness. Not to be outdone, the fried chicken was top notch, too. "One piece" of white meat chicken is actually a wing and a good-size chunk of breast, with a crispy crust that isn't overly seasoned (fine with me) and not so crunchy it tears up your mouth. The meat inside is moist and tender.
I liked it so much I went back the next day for breakfast. The shrimp grillade didn't rock my world like the gumbo did, but it was still really good, especially with a few squirts of Louisiana on it. It came with a biscuit, which I didn't have room for; I know there had to be a dozen shrimp in that bowl. They must serve Community Chicory coffee, because it was delicious.
As much as the food, I love the atmosphere and the people there, both the servers and the customers. It's a mix of a few tourists and lots of locals, and the staff are warm and welcoming. I love the Tremé neighborhood and look forward to enjoying many, many more meals here.I love this place. It is like a port in a storm. Thankfully, this port is about 5 blocks from my crib.
Once through the front door, this restaurant had such a homey feel. Small room with just enough tables to feel close, without feeling like you are sitting on top of the other diners. Drinks were humongous glasses of sweet tea.
Choices are what is on the menu, or their all you can eat buffet. I picked the menu and had the trout dish. My son had one of their Po Boys. Both of our selections were excellent. Wait staff is laid back but attentive.
Delicious grub in an place that feels like dining at Grandma's house.
Don't miss it....Service was mediocre. The breakfast buffet was disappointing. The macaroni was cold and my gumbo had a piece of hair in it.Worst breakfast ever. Swimming in grease, unseasoned everything, homefries rather than hash browns as they were listed on the menu, tiny bits of bacon - no doubt spooned out of the bottom of the buffet - rubbery eggs and dry toast with only the cheapest margarine and jelly for spreads and watery, wretched brown water passing as coffee.
Top that with long, slow, cranky service and a belly ache beginning even as we had to beg for our check.
Utterly disgusting. Never again.The best biscuit I have ever had! Lil Dizzy's was recommended by a co-worker back home who grew up in Louisiana. I love to eat in local places and avoid touristy places. We were greeted and sat quickly and Dawn our server was very pleasant. She recommended the buffet because it had a sampling of everything we wanted. I had the fried chicken, rice and jambalaya...the first batch of fried chicken was not as crisp as I hoped for but when they brought a fresh batch out it was delicious! I had the bread pudding which was great. It was the biscuits though that found to be the best! They are different then biscuits that I have had in the past. They were flatter and seemed to have been grilled...I could taste the butter! If you are in NOLA avoid the tourist traps and head to Lil DizzysFrom the greetings and service, down to the delicious food, I loved EVERYTHING about my trip to Li'l Dizzy's cafe!!!! I wish I could have gone back before my trip ended but the staff and patrons were amazing and when I do make a trip back to NOLA this will be my first stop!The service is fucking abysmal. The food is OK. Nothing special whatsoever. Go somewhere else.As soon as we came in, we were seated within five minutes of entering the restaurant which was great.  It was a very cozy establishment, the seats are pretty close together so it feels like a family reunion set up and decorated with photos with celebs on the walls so you were able to see all who visited the restaurant which was pretty cool. I decided to get the all you can eat buffet...$15.95.  I had the fried chicken, red beans and rice, bread pudding, macaroni and cheese. I was too full to try the gumbo though...I will definitely have to try that my next visit. I tried the bread pudding as I heard this was the best or one of the best.  Welp, I tried it and it was very underwhelming...I thought the cornbread was better than the bread pudding and I have experienced way better cornbread. I did get second helpings of the fried chicken and the macaroni and cheese.  The fried chicken was on a bit of the salty side, someone got too salt happy with that batch, but it was good....very good! I would definitely come and visit again! If not for the food....definitely for the familial atmosphere.I used to have a weekly meeting that met at Zachary's on Oak Street before these folks moved to this current incarnation of their restaurant and renamed it Li'l Dizzy's so I got VERY well acquainted with the food here.  The fried chicken is fantastic and some of the best in the area.  The Sunday brunch is nice but way to expensive for what you get.  The gumbo is just full of lots and lots of sausage so I've never really liked that as it is very greasy.  There isn't much healthy for you among the choices here but this place is certainly worthy of at least one visit.  Personally I've eaten here enough to last a lifetime but I could still have some more of that mighty fine fried chicken.I was visiting New Orleans and we were looking for a place for brunch. I got on here to search and came across Li'l Dizzy's Cafe. First off, it was not at all what I expected, but boy was it a nice surprise. It has a great mom and pop feel to it. It has that old school vibe when you walk in.  We went for the buffet brunch that they offer, but you can also order a la carte. Ok can I please tell you that the fried chicken there was the best I have ever had. I don't know if they sprinkle it with fairy dust of pure awesomeness, but it was perfectly battered and fried. They also had mac and cheese, gumbo, stuffed bell peppers, sausage, bacon, you can order eggs and grits which (I know my inner fatty came out) all was excellent. Our server was very attentive. The place is not that big so you may have to wait a little for a table to open up, but they do offer some outdoor seating if you want to enjoy the day. When i go back to NOLA I will be going back to that spot.I've been to New Orleans three times and this is the best food I've had. Period! Down home cooking at its best. Fried chicken, smothered pork chops, red beans & rice, gumbo, bread pudding all excellent.Great little spot. The food was delicious. We came here on a recommendation from our uber driver. And it turned out to be a great recommendation.
We ordered the seafood omelette poboy and the scrambled eggs with hash browns and fried catfish. Both dishes were excellent. 
The staff is very entertaining. Check this spot out if you're staying in the area.I was staying in French Quarter and on my last day, i asked the concierge what to eat for my last meal. Of all the restaurants he recommended upscale restaurants but we were looking for something more low key. He recommended lil dizzy's and said of all of the recommendations, go to lil dizzy's. They have an all you can eat buffet of GOOD soul food for $15! It includes baked chicken, fried chicken, seafood gumbo, rice, red beans, Mac and cheese and bread pudding! Oh my gosh all of was so good! It's a local joint so that's how you know it's good. The fried chicken is the best fried chicken I've ever had. The seafood gumbo is more on the watery side, not thick like other gumbo i have had. But please keep in mind, by no means am i a gumbo expert... the gumbo also had A LOT of seafood in it which is nice because you get your money's worth. The rice and beans a little salty but still delicious. To me the Mac and cheese is what stole the show! Honestly the BEST Mac and cheese I've ever had! The service was nothing spectacular and the restaurant itself is quite small but we had no problem getting seated. Great experience overall!5 of us came on a saturday around 1030 and had no problems getting a table. The staff was really nice. Our server made me feel like my wifes grandmother was tellling me what I should eat. It was great. We all had the buffet and shared a bowl of shrimp and grits. The fried chicken was excellent. Just like my in-laws. A light, crispy crust, juicy and tender. Solid gumbo, good shrimp and grits, decent jambalaya, red beans and rice....and all for a great price (all you can eat by the way). We definitely told our friends who were also in town. Do you self a favor and branch out of the french quarter, you will find some amazing hidden treasures.Second visit here yet the same poor service! The food is really good local home cooking but the service is terrible; from the owner to the wait staff. If you want a good meal but treated like crap, then this is the perfect place. Me and my party of six won't be returning - ever!