We ate dinner here on Oct. 29, 2014.  This restaurant, on Magazine Street in the antique/boutique area of Uptown, came highly recommended.  I was in a quandary giving this restaurant three stars, because it was two different experiences: the food was a four, but the atmosphere was a two, at best.  The service was just ordinary for such an expensive restaurant.  The best description I can give is Lilette is "dining out" at a very good restaurant, but it is not what I'd consider fine dining.  The wine list was among the worst I've ever encountered, with only the most expensive (and overpriced) selections.  Not a single moderately priced and good quality bottle of wine on the list. Not everyone wants to spend $200+ on a bottle of wine, but those wines dominate the list. The restaurant seating is one large room with nothing to block the noise, which was substantial.  This is NOT a place for a romantic dinner.  For the money, I'd stick with the fine dining options closer to the French Quarter.I stopped going to lilette a few years ago because I had overdone the place.  It wasn't until I returned this week did I appreciate how spoiled we are to live in New Orleans with its abundance of excellent restaurants that I could have ever failed to appreciate how truly wonderful a place this is.  The escargot and sausage appetizers were phenomenal. The steak and tuna were on point. Service was excellent.  An absolute class act.  I can't imagine a better neighborhood bistro anywhere in the country.I am so glad that the official birthday dinner of the trip was held at Lilette. I enjoyed every single thing I tried - including some of my friends' food. Our waiter was a little curt at first but he warmed to us and us to him. 
The ambiance was fantastic - well decorated, warm, and friendly with a combination of modern touches and old world fixtures and finishes. 
My entree, the duck breast, was perfect. The meat was a wonderful medium rare, the cauliflower was crispy and flavorful and I cleaned my plate. My sister's chicken was some of the best I've ever had and was so happy she didn't want to eat the skin. My buddy's fries were amazing although I never got to try the hanger steak. 
Our starters were equally wonderful: the tempura soft shell crab with heirloom tomatoes was delicious, as was the day's crudo. I forget the fish's name, but it's a relative of marlin. The sweet corn broth with avocado was simple and delicious. 
As for dessert, the dark chocolate brownie was one of the best I've ever had, and the Nutella custard thing we got was also quite delicious. The peach cremosa was the only one that didn't wow me. 
Overall, wonderful meal in a wonderful place.Lilette looks and feels a lot like its near-neighbor La Petit Grocery, but here's the difference: They know what they're doing. 
This is a lovely, French bistro-looking place with fantastic, upscale, New Orleans food. Here's the food run-down:
For apps, I had the grilled beets with goat cheese and walnuts, which were fresh and lovely, and a welcome break from the roasted or pickled beets I'm used to - lovely texture, temperature, seasoning. My husband had blood sausage with spicy mustard, which is not really my things but I did venture to try it and it was yummy. 
For entrees, I ordered the chicken, which I rarely do when I'm out but our server recommended it highly. She wasn't wrong. It was delicious - served over brussels sprouts and carmelized onions with a mushroom gravy and a hint of vinegar that brought the whole thing together - real New Orleans flair with lots of sophistication, and all of that with CHICKEN! My husband had a tuna special that he was not as effusive about but still liked a lot. 
For dessert, I had the chocolate bread pudding special, which was very good. I generally prefer a bread pudding that is more clearly comprised of chunks of gooey, yummy bread rather than something more akin to an upscale cake or pudding. So it wasn't what I preferred or expected, but that aside, it was still darn good.
The service was timely and attentive but not overbearing. They had a good division of labor and rhythm going. Oddly, all of the servers - male and female - were gorgeous but sans attitude. 
And the sazeracs were mad good - all the makings of a fine, neighborhood restaurant.The tried raw fish for appetizer, it is ok. Roasted squab is very appropriate, juicy, but would be better if the sauce was sweeter.
Dessert is chocolate torte. 
Not very impressive. But maybe worth trying a second time.Disclaimer: I know two of the cooks here. However. I'm relatively picky, and Lilette has met my 5-mark both times.
I really cannot go any further without mentioning the DIVINE chocolate bread pudding. My friend and I each took one bite and there simply were no words. No words. We turned to face each other and just knew that it was the best thing we'd put in our mouth since longer than either of us could remember. This was about a year ago. Fortunately, my latest visit was about two weeks ago, and that pastry chef has not lost her groove! Between the four of us, we split three: the chocolate brownie, a mango sticky rice (special) and a nutella custard with a chocolate-hazelnut brittle that could stand on its own merits. Annnnd we ate it all.
Oh, and I know the bread is good, but do your best not to let them bring you another round. The savory part of the dining experience is just as stellar. We needed two orders of escargot to satisfy our party of four because it was in such high demand, and that was in addition to an incredible duck confit, a saliva-inducing lamb and pasta dish and a carpaccio amuse bouche. The best main I've encountered here is the hangar steak - a hit every time. If it's yours, you'll probably have to bat some hands away if you want to keep any for yourself. However, the grilled tuna on special that night gave the steak a run for it's money. 
When I wasn't sure which wine I wanted, the server let me taste the two I was considering. Always a big help.
To try to recover at least some of my credibility, let me mention the only low I experienced both times. Slow service. 
I don't get to New Orleans often but Lilette is top on my list.Lovely spot well down Magazine in the Garden District. The Lillet Rouge cocktail was refreshing, the tomato and mozzarella salad was so good and fresh, the pork belly BLT was rich and satisfying, and my wifes sizzling shrimp was decadent.  Worth the walk.On a trip to New Orleans, I had the pleasure of dining at Lilette for a nice romantic dinner. Everything from the food to the cocktails to the excellent service was right on point, and I can see why Lilette is highly touted.Definitely one of my favorite local restaurants. Every time we visit, we enjoy ourselves. The staff, the food, the drinks, the atmosphere - all 5 stars on every visit. We've tried many menu items, and I recommend anything you think sounds tasty, especially the specials. My favorites are any dish with their gnocchi and the nutella custard dessert. The meal is not complete until I've had the nutella custard - it is absolutely amazing - possibly the best dessert I've ever had at any restaurant. The gnocchi is always pillowy soft, but still has a nice chew to it as it should. The atmosphere is cozy without being old/stuffy. Velvet lines the walls, and the music is soothly as it plays in the back ground. Exactly what you expect from fine dinning, without feeling too formal. The staff are very attentive without being over bearing or pushy; always super friendly and knowledgeable. Thank you for always making our visits special!I feel so lucky that Lilette is my go to neighborhood restaurant for a nice meal or lovely lunch. The atmosphere alone, particularly on a sunny day when the enormous windows give view to lovely stretch of Magazine street. The cuisine is mostly elevated bistro fare with Mediterranean flourishes, full flavor amid elegant presentation. The food is always full flavored and seafood of any description is particularly excellent and desserts are uniformly marvelous.
I've heard some complain that the menu rarely changes (though there are always daily specials) but this constancy can be an asset...truly comforting, welcoming, and delightful.Wow. This is by far the best/nicest/most upscale restaurant that I have ever been to. And it was fantastic. We ate and drank a lot. Here is what we had:
Oysters special- we ordered a dozen, which was $38. Expensive, yes, but very good. Served as the French do- with a red wine vinaigrette I believe, and a slice of lemon. I think I may have enjoyed the oysters the most, but I can't say for sure because everything was phenomenal. 
White Truffle Parmigiano toast: delicious, although the portion was smaller than I would have liked for $13. Yeah, I know- french portions. But still- only one small slice of toast. I must say though- The sauce and the wild mushrooms were to die for. 
Seared Kobe Beef belly- so delicious, flavorful and tender!!! Who would ever think to put cilantro and peanuts with beef?! But it works and it works wonderfully. 
Braised beef cheeks- Wow. So tender, rich, and delicious. There is a lot of gnocchi in this dish, so its filling- I could only eat a few bites after all the other stuff we had eaten! But this dish was even good when I reheated it in the microwave two days later! The meat is so tender you could eat it with a spoon. Yum. 
Nutella Custard: I think this may have been the best dessert I have ever had. Seriously. Every part of this dessert is heaven. You are dumb if you go here and don't order this. I never get dessert when I eat at restaurants but I made an exception for this. And so should you. 
The service was excellent. We had several people help with bread, wine, etc, aside from our waitress, so we were never left waiting for anything. The food came out excellently timed- we weren't rushed through our courses, nor were we waiting too long for anything. They have a large wine list if you are ordering by the bottle. We got a 2009 Chateau Baret and it was delightful and smooth. 
I highly recommend this restaurant if you have some money to drop. The food is fantastic and to be savored. Enjoy!Best lunch I have had in a very long time.  Great neighborhood, nice decor, good service, and excellent food.  When we sat down they brought the most delicious rolls, hot out of the oven and we knew the place would be good. We had cocktails, wine, appetizers, main course, dessert, coffee-all for lunch!
Roasted beets and escargot appetizers were great. The duck confit was almost perfect (almost slightly dry), a solid 9 out of 10 with a nice crispy edge and roasted pears. My husband is convinced that the veal cheeks with gnocchis is one of the best dishes he has ever had and he is a serious gnocchi (ñoquis) critic.
The best dish of the day, however, was dessert. We split the Quenelles of goat cheese creme fraiche with lavender honey,  pistachios, poached pears. So simple, so incredibly delicious.  The quenelles just melt in your mouth, not sweet but balanced with the honey.  It's really enough for 2 if you have had a decent size lunch because it is very rich. 
Great cocktails as well, especially the Ward 8.One of my clients, local to NOLA, strongly recommended Lilette and wow, was he on the money.  We had the pleasure of visiting them last night and thoroughly enjoyed the experience.  While what they offerred was not wildly unique, their execution was nearly perfect.
Starting with pan-fried Shishito peppers, followed by the chilled sweet corn broth (with lump crab meat and avacado, nonetheless) and an entree of their grilled poulet, each was fantastic in its own way.  I was impressed by their wine list and selection by the glass.
Let's also give some credit to their service staff - very prompt and professional.  What I really respect about these guys is that when they need something from the table (i.e., an entree order), they are not afraid to politely interrupt.
Also, nice atmosphere - a blend of antiquity and modern touches.  Very tasteful.They made accommodations outside for my Sister's birthday and the place was SO romantic and not loud like most places. The food was wonderful and the blueberry dessert was really good.  They really made my Sister's birthday a great memory.I went for a Birthday dinner and the food is delicious and the service is superb. The only criticism is that unless you are sat in a booth, each party is pretty close to each other. I could hear the conversation of the group next to me all evening which doesn't make for a very intimate date night. Other than the seating proximity to the rest of the patrons, the food and wait staff make up for it.Our waiter had a sexy North African accent and a substantial mustache! He suggested we try Lilette's grilled beets, with goat cheese and walnuts, I thought "No, you are wrong. A beet and goat cheese dish is on every menu and I'm over it"  Oh man, I was so wrong and that sexy waiter was so right.  I would have made-out with him to express my gratitude, but he must disappeared, which was not great. 
The toast with wild mushrooms, marrow and veal glace was my favorite dish by far.  I thought the duck confit wasn't bad, but it just tasted like duck on lettuce to me.  Other people have told me I was wrong. I think those people just like to say "confit" out loud.  I don't love crab typically, but I'd eat a bucket of Lilette's crabclaws.  I think crab with the passionfruit butter really worked.  Kale salad with pistachios was also great. 
I passed on the entrees.  
For dessert, I tried the strawberry shortcake with fresh shortbread AND the nutella with caramel custard.  I preferred the latter b/c I like desserts like my men, rich, dark and full of caramel.TERRIBLE SERVICE!! Our waitress was too busy helping other customers. Following a 35 minute wait to order, she was clearly irritated when we asked questions about the menu and then abruptly stopped taking our order to go help her other customers. While the food was wonderful this waitress really impacted our meal and it would have been so much more enjoyable with better service.So I've eaten here several times and always loved the food, the desserts and the mixed drinks. Last visit I had 10 people so I ordered wine. The list had no recognizable wines. I ordered a $100 bottle and it was awful. I paid for it but had them remove the glasses and ordered a$300 bottle. If you know wine ratings it was about a 75... which is like as low as it goes. We drank it but I felt hosed. I don't know the owner but if you read this please get 5 good to great wines in each major category. You have a 5 * restaurant EXCEPT for the wine. You'd be better off killing the wine list. Your cocktails are top rate. Please fix this.Had dinner on a busy Saturday night in April.  Our reservations were at 9:30 so we enjoyed some cocktails at Bouligny Tavern next door which is the same owner.  It was excellent.  We walked over and were promptly seated.  Our meal was excellent.  The menu was as exciting as any I have seen in NOLA but where we had issues was the service.  Our waiter had as little enthusium as I have ever seen.  I tend to really enjoy hearing about the options, especially at a top notch place like Lilette, but he never really seemed to get engaged with us.  We did have a late reservation and it may have just been one of those days, but in a city with amazing dining options, I expect the top tier to pair that with amazing service.  I will chalk it up to just an off night on service and I look forward to going back sometime soon.One of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans.  The entrees are good but the starters are fantastic... I usually order three in lieu of an entree.I found this restaurant on  a recommend from a local ,as I'm visiting New Orleans .
I found it to be a bit pretentious and the food average, I had the special appetizer, a Toro which wasn't super fresh fish but it was fine , had the arugula salad which was a mistake and the squab, which was good but was so turned off by the vibes
From  was my server , it made my dining experience a total bummer.
I sat at the bar and was dining alone , she offered little in terms of the New Orleans hospitality I have grown accustomed to as I've been here for over a month and have one more month left on my visit .
I adore the New Orleans vibe but did not get it here !
Nor do they Have New Orleans style cuisine, but a mediocre attempt at French.
Her recommendations were off and if there's was salad offered as a side on my squab she should have recommended a soup or some other warm appetizer , she was just so unpleasant 
Won't be coming back or recommend this place to anyone traveling to NOLA, there's so many good restaurants here , don't botherChef John Harris can flat out cook and although this spot has only been open 14 years it's a staple for New Orleans uptown foodies. It's an elegant and modern dining room with food and service that aims to please. I'm guilty of often going to his swank craft cocktail bar, Bouligny Tavern next door for more casual dining but Lilette is a great spot with the food almost always being on. I couldn't decide to give this one a 4 or a 5 but the peer pressure of it's popularity and the diligence of Chef John Harris makes me feel comfortable giving it the 5!!Had a reservation and got seated right away. Food was delicious but the truffled toast appetizer stole the show! Would definitely go back again.My wife and had dinner for our anniversary.  Lilette is romantic and we had a great time.  The lighting is pretty dim, so be prepared for that.  It is also a little cramped in the room.  We sat at a table for 2 near the bar.  Sometimes I felt like people at the bar were right on top of me.  
A booth would have been more private.
All of the dishes were very well prepared.  We stared with the grilled beets appetizer.  It was very good.
For the entrée, I had the lamp shank and my wife had the duck breast.  Her entrée was better than mine, but both were done well.  We finished up with the apple bread and coffee. It was delicious.
I wish I could give 4.5 starts. Lilette is very good, but not "As good as it gets!"Lilette is a lovely neighborhood bistro that locals are lucky to have, and worth the cab fare for visitors staying in the Quarter or Central Business District.
We arrived via cab from the French Quarter for a Saturday lunch on a beautiful early November day.  We took advantage of the 60 / 70 degree day to eat outside in the gorgeous outdoor garden space in the back.  It was quiet, with a view of the street and French music playing over the speakers.
We perused the lunch menu and waited for the server.  What struck me first was the extensive selection of Rhone wines - my favorite region.  Around 10 options, which was a large portion of the modest list.  And excellent options they were, but the mark-ups were higher than Rhones I have seen on other menus, particularly in Chicago, so be warned on that point.  
We opted for cocktails and beer and rose.  The cocktails were delicous, Jenlain is available by the bottle, and the rose is full bodied and crisp.  All delicious lunch drinks, complementing our appetizers and burgers.  The king crab claws in passion fruit butter was every bit the perfection you would expect.  The meat was sweet and tender, and the butter was light and delicious.
Burgers were great, too.  Kobe beef, medium rare, with French comte cheese.  Lovely & followed by nutella and bread pudding dessert.  The nutella pudding is simply dreamy.
Getting a cab back to the Quarter can be a challenge.  The staff will happily call, but whether the cabs will respond, well . . . we ended up using Taxi Magic.  Hopefully soon New Orleans will have Uber.  Until then. . . enjoy the pleasant weather and scenery.The food here is great. It was our server's first day and he was good. We had the sizzling shrimp and lobster bake appetizers, Italian wedding soup, the duck entree, and Nutella custard. Everything was fabulous. 
HOWEVER. From the reservation time to when we were seated was 45 minutes. The hostess told us to sit at the bar, but this was impossible due to tight spacing. Hostess said, "oh yeah.. that happens.. well you can't stand at the door". So she actually made us leave and go to the bar next door. Of course, the table was ready once I had just received a drink at this bar next door. 
Once seated, the table was very tight (same spot as the impossible bar seating). I basically had to get up for the lady sitting at the bar to leave. You're only about 1 foot away from the tables next to you as well, which is really uncomfortable. You can hear every word of the conversation, like sitting next to someone in a small car. Even the waiter struggled to get around. If you're claustrophobic, this is not the place for you. On the other hand, this is best food I've had in Nola.I came in for lunch today. At first the bill was really high, but then I noticed we ordered 3 appetizers and 4 glasses of wine. So, let my first start off by saying the price for presentation and taste gets 10 stars. Keep in mind, this place is higher end, but it's affordable high end. 
Appetizers - We ordered the escargot, duck, and beets. The escargot was amazing. Presentation was great and the sauce was perfect for dipping bread. So, make sure you ask for more bread. The duck appetizer came as a single leg, topped with spinach, apple slices, and dried onions. They could not pick a better combination. It was just perfect and the flavors complimented the duck so well. I did not try the beets because I can never get myself to enjoy that taste and aroma. Which brings me to why I have this restaurant 4 out of 5 stars. Yeah, I know. Darn it! But let's be fair here. There was a reason for it. 
Entrees - We ordered the drum, hanger steak, and flounder. I had the flounder. Everyone of our plates were almost eaten to the last crumb. From what I heard, my next visit, I will have to order the hanger steak. My flounder was amazing. Flounder is always amazing. The sauce that came with the dish was delicious. Who do I have to bribe to get that recipe? Anywho, back to the situation. Upon eating my dish, more than halfway through, I noticed a funny taste. One that I hate. It was a piece of beet the size of a pea. Originally, my entree comes with beets. I asked them to not put it on my platter. I was given broccoli instead. I love broccoli. There are a lot of things I don't like that I don't mind, but I cannot stand the taste of beets. Somehow a piece landed on my plate before the flounder was set on top of the broccoli. The sauce for the beat came with it as well. It had mixed under my fish and made the rest of my dinner not so perfect. Luckily, dessert saved the day. 
Dessert - I can't remember what everyone else ordered because I was too busy glazing into my butter cream cake. The dessert had a scoop of pistachio ice cream and a nice drip of citrusy sauce along with a few piece of satsumas. AMAZING! Best dessert I have had in a while. 
Atmosphere - It was crowded but not too loud. The servers were busy. We were there for 2 hours, but that time was spent among great conversation material. 
Service - The staff there was nice. The hostess got us our table promptly as soon as we walked in and announced our reservation. I could tell our waiter had some years of experience under her belt the way she worked. 
Overall - So, why not 5 stars? Aaaah it's that darn beet again. Sorry, I hate it. Had it been an allergen, this lunch could have been worse. I hope this review will help make some few minor changes to avoid that. So, why make a big deal? Well, if it was a hard piece of food, I would have taken it off the plate and nothing what happen. This beet and its sauce smeared all over the plate. I have a picture but I will not post it. This restaurant is good enough to not have that burden of a customer plastering bad images on its business. Let's end this on the note it deserves. Great restaurant. Great food. One mistake will not keep me from coming back. I will return. And with a bigger appetite.While the setting of this restaurant is beautiful and welcoming, I thought Lilette had mediocre food with bad service (at exorbitant prices). I went here with friends but was quite disappointed. First, we'd made a reservation for the (lovely) patio but ended up being seated 45 minutes after our reservation time. I realize these things are unpredictable, but an apology or acknowledgment would have helped. For the price level, the service was not great either. Running out of bread and water, etc. happened several times. I had the beef cheeks with gnocchi and was not impressed. Extremely salty and not very flavorful the way braised meats should be, in my opinion. The hanger steak was fine but no better than Bacchanal or Mariza (where the same dish is half the price). All in all a rather disappointing experience.The Yelp average for Lilette (as of this writing) is 4 stars.  I've noticed that almost every Yelp Elite review is 4 stars as well.  That is pretty spot on for Lilette.
I had the Coq au Vin.  It was 4 star worthy but for $18 you get a let and a thigh...  Considering that they are giving you about $0.50 worth of chicken, you would think you could get an extra leg....
My friend had the grilled swordfish (it replaced the regular menu fish item for the day).  It came with a small salad but after we were done eating, he wanted to go to Smoothie King because he was still hungry.  It think the fish was about ~$22.
They purchase their bread from Breads on Oak and it is very good, however, we keep having to ask the waitress for more bread because she would only give us single pieces at a time.  After the 5th time my friend asked for some more bread you would think she would just ask if we would like some bread for the table.Lilette has a great bistro atmosphere. The servers are pleasant and the menu is a nice relief from the standard Nola fair. However, the food is ok. It's not bad but it is certainly not great which is a shame at the price point. I wish they would focus a little more on the food execution so I can add Lilette to a regular spot.great appetizers 
good food 
yummy dessert 
$25 corkage fee. WHAT? 
the server was nice enough to waive the atrocious corkage fee, hence the 4 stars
the food was very goodGo for lunch - really, I think lunch is probably where it's at because if you go for dinner you'll be thinking that your dinner priced entree really would have been perfect as a lunch - so you might as well just go then and save yourself the internal dialogue.  In fact, I will go again to Lilette - but ONLY for lunch.
I have a few bones to pick with Lilette, but it should be noted that the best part of the evening, besides my awesome dining companions, was the following items:
1. Potato gnocchi with sage brown butter and parmigiano cream appetizer - MY GOD - we could have stopped there and been done with it all it was so flipppin' good.  One quote of the evening from a converted smoker: "Forget having a cigarette in the morning - I would just need to eat one of these to start my day off"  The gnocchi was rich, creamy and full of flavor and made you close your eyes and savor with each bite.
2. The bread -  Warm rolls with spreadable butter that was incredibly satisfying - we kept asking for more.
O.k., the bones I chose to pick over: 
1. Lost in Translation: The overall comment of the evening is that their menu descriptions really didn't translate AT ALL to what ended up on our plates.  Sure, the steak looked and tasted like steak, but my seared pork belly (yes, I like that sort of thing) turned out to be in a salad bowl where it was weighted to the bottom of my pea greens with the accompanying melon and I had to pick through to find it.  "Wait, did I order a salad?" I thought.  Huh.  The escargot appetizer was unceremoniously plated on top of toast (didn't realize that) and entirely too rich in the calvados cream.  And the potatoes served with the Kobe beef special looked like home fries.  Hmmm... not one item we ordered seemed to live up to the visuals that the menu provided.
2. Cocktails: fine, but not outstanding.  I had the Antonine and wished it had been served in a double old fashioned glass instead of the water glass with jumbo straw.
3. Dessert:  Easily skippable.  The peach tart spent a wee bit too much time under the blow torch (burnt sugar smell was overwhelming) and could barely taste any delicate peach flavor at all.  The chocolate brioche bread pudding made us all laugh (yes, it was tasty) but really - was this what we ordered?  What is this?  Wait, do you have a menu to compare it with?  Again.... lost in translation.
4. Veggie options: Usually I don't need to be offered any vegetarian options as I am a happy meat eater... but I was surprised that they didn't have one entree option that was meat or fish free.  One of my dining companions who is not the biggest meat eater had to cobble together a couple of appetizers for her meal.  It shouldn't have to be that way at all.We had a lovely dinner for two last night. The food and drinks were very good, but even better was the service, in particular our waitress (Tracy, I believe). She was absolutely spot-on and truly made the night - knowledgeable, intuitive, punctual, and extremely pleasant. King crab claws with passionfruit butter and burrata with anchovy and citrus stood out. Highly recommended!Been here twice.  Both times utterly fantastic food.  Must return soon!  Not cheap, but EVERYTHING was fantastic.  Last night, I had the crab claws which were divine.  The ribeye special was perfect.  The Sauvingnon blanc was really good.  The cab was very good as well.  Service was excellent.  This is a well run restaurant.  Got a little loud near the end of the meal when the room filled up.  The goat cheese and pear dessert was fantastic as well.  Highly recommended.  Will be back as budget permits.lilette is on its way to being a new orleans classic. friendly staff and great food. would definitely recommend to anyone. 
my ONLY complaint is the tables in the middle of the main dining room. we were REALLY close to the people next to us. it was not totally distracting, but i would like not to literally bump elbows with the table next to us. next time i know what to ask for on the reservation.Went for NYE dinner, early seating.  Food was outstanding, wine pairings were great.   I had the tempura langoustines, raviolo, and Kobe beef w wild mushroom risotto.  We're normally not fans of holiday prix fixes, but this one was nicely done.  Service felt a pinch off (fast paced at first, then gaps), but nothing I wouldn't attribute to the nature of NYE.   Tab can get expensive in a hurry, but would definitely go back, great food and warm, friendly vibe.I visited Lilette on 5/5/12 while in town for Jazz Fest.  Our reservations had been made way in advance and the night of we ran into some major traffic but luckily they were also running a little behind.  When we arrived we were greeted warmly and asked if we wanted to sit inside or out on the patio.  We chose the patio because while it's a lovely restaurant and the A/C was kicking, it did feel a bit too loud.  So we were shown to our table in the back and we loved it.  lots of ivy and white lights.  and there was a slight breeze which was nice.
Caitlin was our server and she was great!  Very knowledgeable about the menu and wine.  She was attentive without being intrusive.
I started with the White truffle parmigiano toast with wild mushrooms, marrow and veal glace.  Holy caboly!!! one of the best things i've ever eaten in my life!  freakin' delicious!  My friend had the San Marzano tomato soup with gnocchetti, kale, squash and fried brussels sprouts and it was quite tasty.  For entrees I had the Grilled lamb sirloin with a salad of arugula, fried chickpeas, roasted peppers, onions, and balsamic vinaigrette.  It was perfectly grilled and juicy.  My friend had the seared 6 oz. Australian Kobe New York strip with duck fat, roasted potatoes and gremolata & it was one of the best bites of red meat I've had.  For dessert we shared the Nutella custard with fleur de sel, caramel cream, and chocolate-hazelnut brittle.  Every bite was so yummy!
I would highly recommend ya try this place!My dashing husband brought me here for a birthday lunch after I'd been yearning to go forever. It turns out he knew one of the chefs and so we were sent some delicious short rib lagniappe.
I decided to go with two appetizers so that I wouldn't pass out after lunch, unlike my husband, who had a duck appetizer and a steak for an entree. I had some marvelous gnocchi in a tomato sauce and then the famed crab claws and passionfruit butter. That butter was so sublime, I would lick it right off of Bourbon Street. Honestly, the crab wasn't all that, kind of stringy. It's okay though because that butter...oh my. 
I was sorely disappointed in dessert. We had a Nutella custard and it was GRAY in color and about as flavorful as gray sounds. How do you muck up Nutella? Confusing. Anyway, it is a beautiful space and I'd love to go back for dinner one day.I've dined here a few times but last night was extra special. A good friend of mine asked me where we should go for our little reunion and I immediately recommended this place. We started out with their boulevardier cocktail, and it was paradise from there. 
The escargot is a MUST and the duck confit was cooked to perfection! We split the Whole Fish as our entree, which was a beautiful piece of heavenly flounder that makes my mouth water just thinking about it! 
We took our time and finished off with the chocolate mouse that was sided with passion fruit sorbet (again, heavenly) and 2 glasses of Fernet Branca.  This place gets 5 stars forever in my book! 
Bonus*** The owner is a total babe!!!Lilette's was recommended to us by a local and we couldn't have enjoyed it more!
Its a lovely little restaurant, away from the business district, and reservations are a must.
The service was attentive and friendly; the food delicious.
With 6 of us, we started with appetizers and sampled the hanger steak tartare, grilled beets, duck confit, white truffle toast with mushrooms - all were exquisitely prepared. 
Then we enjoyed the roasted poulet (good but typical chicken breast), the hanger steak (excellent), the lamb (very good), the duck breast (perfection), and a fish.
We ended the meal with an assortment of desserts - nutella custard, chocolate bread pudding, a napolean flaky torte - they were all divine and each of us had a favorite.I felt great at this place. The food the service and the place gave such positive vibes. Our lunch lasted 3 hours. 
This is just a fun place to hang and enjoy food and good company. 
Love Love this place.I worked here from 2003-2004. I never tired of the food even though I saw it on a daily basis! 
It's an italian/ french bistro setting where you'll see many "ladies who lunch" and romantic dinner dates at night. The space used to be a pharmacy with high vaulted ceilings and it's been tastefully remodelled into a spacious dining room with tile floors and tin ceilings. It can get a little loud on a weekend night but it's got a good, lively vibe and makes for a good destination restaurant.
If you go for lunch, try the GRILLED BEET SALAD with goat cheese. Grilling beets gives them a nice smokiness and people who don't like beets like this salad. My favorite sandwich was the PULLED PORK SANDWICH. It's sooooo freakin' tasty! It's served on toasted bread with a garlic aioli. The french fries that come with the sandwich are pretty damn good too.
For dinner, have the CRAB CLAWS IN PASSIONFRUIT BUTTER as an appetizer. You cannot go wrong with this. Also, the ARUGULA SALAD with shaved parmesan is basic but a favorite of mine. The SIZZLING SHRIMP with lemon and oregano is awesome and finger licking good. You'll find the BEST DUCK CONFIT in town here and it's served over a bed of greens. As for entrees, I usually went with whatever grilled fish special he had that night because I have a tendency to over order on the appetizers. I usually eat lots of apps and a lite entree if any. 
Cocktails here are tasty and sitting at the bar for lunch or dinner is an option too. Lilette was rated among the top 5 restaurants by the local Times Picayune back in 2004. I'm sure it's still just as good. If you get there, see if "Michelle" is still managing and tell her you read "Allison's" review on yelp!One of my favorite places.  It can be light but tasteful.  Surroundings are great.  Sometimes loud at night but worth it.My husband and I had a lovely evening at Lilette for our wedding anniversary. The restaurant itself has a very classy and cozy interior, reminiscent of the brasseries I've seen in Paris. There's also a cute courtyard--complete with vine covered fences and orange string lights to create an intimate mood--that's perfect for a romantic dinner for two. I definitely recommend dining in the courtyard if you want a quiet meal, even if it's chilly. It wasn't overly loud inside, but I think the closeness of the tables made it seem louder.
The service was great from start to finish; though it was a very busy night, the hostess, our main waiter, and other waitstaff were attentive and made sure our needs were taken care of. Our waiter informed us that it would take awhile for our food to arrive and apologized for it many times, but still went that extra step by comping our dessert, which was a pleasant surprise. 
We ordered the braised lamb shoulder and roasted muscovy duck breast, and finished the night with the quenelles of goat cheese creme fraiche. While our entrees were delicious and worth the wait (try the braised lamb if only for the semolina gnocchi), the star of the night was the quenelles. For the rest of our stay in New Orleans, I kept wishing I could go back just to order that. The goat cheese was perfectly light and fluffy, with almost a mousse like texture, and the lavender honey added just the right amount of sweetness. The pistachios sprinkled on top provided a nice crunch, though I would have preferred a different kind of nut, or at least pistachios that weren't quite so roasted. All in all a very delicious dinner, and good value for the price. Oh, I also ordered a green tea (came with a small shortbread cookie--cute!), which had a great robust flavor unlike most other green tea I've had at non-Asian restaurants, but I wish they had removed the leaves before bringing the pot to our table. It quickly over brewed and I couldn't finish the tea due to how bitter it became.My go to restaurant in the neighborhood I was living Uptown.  The sizzling shrimp is a must try.  I usually had the crab claws, sizzling shrimp, Italian wedding soup, hearts of palm salad and the hanger steak (of course not all at one time).  I was recommended to Lilette's by a local - it became an immediate favorite of mine.  I went there often when I didn't feel like venturing down to the french quarter or wanted a meal that was extremely heavy.  Quaint outside seating and a very nice bar too.  If you happen to be visiting New Orleans, Uptown - I suggest to give them a try!  And they bring out warm bread as well.Lilette is a beautiful restaurant with very good food, but it isn't my favorite in the city. We're fairly experienced with fine dining and both of us felt like something was a little lacking. Food was good but not as extraordinary as we had hoped, and the service was incredibly slow even by fine dining standards (50 minutes between ordering and appetizers, for instance). It didn't help that we were seated by a huge table of obnoxiously loud people in town for a conference or something, so it was pretty impossible to even talk. 
I'd go back, but only if someone else really wanted to try it.Always a great meal, or just drinks and deserts. Never know who you're going to see, from Top Chef judges to movie folks in town to shoot, to local celebs. Quiet and understated, but always great. 
We sit at the bar, share an app or two, have a glass of wine or two, but always, ALWAYS end our trip with the Nutella custard and caramel cream. Comes with a house-made chocolate bar. Lovely, lovely dish - never fails.Had lunch there last Thursday. We had a group of six and had reservations. The service could not have been better and the lunch selections were great. I had a glass of wine and the Kobe burger which was very good. My wife and I both said we will definitely come back here.I had extremely high expectations last night.  I had heard nothing but great things about Lilette, but ho-hum, was extremely disappointed.  I will begin with the positives: the raw fish and mushroom, veal, and white truffle app were outstanding, and the bread pudding with chamomile ice cream made me want to lick the plate, but the main courses  especially the drum and lamb were something to be expected at Applebee's.  My medium rare lamb arrived cool, full of gristle, and flavorless,  and the drum tasted jerked and smothered in yogurt-flavor combination's not at all appealing.  We also ordered our appetizers and meal at the same time because as we were told by the waitstaff, "we're really busy and the cooks have requested the entire order at the same time." Hmmm.  My advice, order several appetizers and dessert and skip the main courses.I just discovered this restaurant during my visit to New Orleans last weekend.  Unfortunately, we had already snacked at two other places since our reservation wasn't til 9:15 and hence were not really hungry anymore. The two of us managed to dig into the escargot (got my son to try them for the first time ever!!!!) and the beef cheeks. Both were fantastic, and thus deserved two bottles of red wine to go along with them.  I wished we had had some room for the pork belly, the sweet breads or the squab ... well, next time!Oh wow! One of the best dining experiences I have had. I loved this place, I've lived in NOLA my whole life and have been wanting to try this place forever and finally did for my friend's birthday. So glad we went there. The wait was an hour longer than our reservation because the people at the table before us wouldn't leave, but that was okay because we just went next door to The Bouligny Tavern for some fantastic cocktails to pass the time. Once we were seated we were greeted by the very friendly waiter and his helper, and the maitre d', who was very appologetic for our wait, was eager to get our drinks flowing. We ordered an array of appetizers, my favorites being the antipasti and the short ribs, but we also had oysters, duck confit, and gnocchi. They were all great. Then as my entree I had the Braciola, can I just say mmmmmmmm. I didn't even need a knife to get into that meat, and it was over polenta with a delicious marinara over the whole thing. I need to go back to try other things! My only complaint, ( I'm not going to deduct a star for it because I was so pleased with my experience,) where is the local seafood on the menu!! Everything was from Alaska or Hawaii or some other far off place. No worries though, it's not keeping the crowd away and I'll be back.What a pleasant little restaurant!  Came here for dinner a couple weeks ago with family, suggested by my bro-in-law.  Definitely a small place, but the food and service was very nice!  
For a small place, the menu offered a good variety of apps, small plates, and entrees.  We each ordered something different and each dish was very tasty!  Of course, thanks to my fellow Yelpers, I got the skirt steak..YUM-MEEE!  I also got the special heirloom tomato salad which was a perfect summer app - very light and refreshing.  
Now the service...the service was more of a 3 star - I had to ask several times to have my iced tea refilled, and when we had a couple questions, we couldn't find our server.
The dessert..THE DESSERT!! You MUST order this dessert..the Nutella dessert!!  It has a salted caramel goodness which you cannot pass up!!
Overall, it was a very pleasant and nice summer dinner.  I look forward to our next time at Lilette!!
PS:  (Lilette is reminiscent of Patois, but I prefer Lilette over Patois).One of the best brunches I've ever had
Located right on Magazine street, Lilette had the perfect combination of food quality, service and environment that we look for.
We each shared the Gnocchi, the Kobe Burger and Lobster on Brioche.
All highly recommended.
The garden seating is beautiful and I would highly recommend LiletteWe went with a group of nine people and everyone was really happy with their food. I had the cod and highly recommend it. All the seafood dishes I tasted were excellent. And if you're getting dessert, go for the panna cotta. I really liked the atmosphere--small and classy with great naturally new orleans service. This is a great French meal, but definitely one you have to save up for.Delicious food and drinks, great atmosphere, and friendly waitstaff. I enjoyed my meal here -- the potato gnocchi appetizer and then the marrow and veal glace, which was outstanding. I got the chocolate bread pudding for desert and it was very good. Our waiter was helpful and had some great wine recommendations as well.Service was great. Food was fantastic. Apps, treys, zerts, all bomb dot com! Highly recommend!I've been hearing great things about this place for years, but with 2 small children, it takes us a while to get to all the nice restaurants on our must-do list. Wow was it worth the wait, and worthy of a special-occassion dinner! The whole staff was friendly, knowledgeable and quite pleasant no matter how busy they were.
The food was incredible, starting with the best escargot ever, and some perfectly-mixed cocktails. My husband ordered the halibut literally, "just for the halibut." He would have ordered steamed sawdust if he could make a dumb joke about it. That's how he makes his menu selections. Luckily it just happened to be delicious. Since I couldn't order what I really wanted--the duck (because it was a Friday in Lent), I ordered two appetizers, the sizzling shrimp and the grilled beets. The beets were served with goat cheese and walnuts, and I'll be dreaming about them for a long time. The shrimp were in a perfectly-sized portion, 4 jumbo shrimp in a hot iron skillet. I was kind of proud of myself for pairing these two great appetizers into one amazing entrée. We skipped dessert to head over to La Divina which was a tragic mistake (you can check out that review if you want to save yourself from a dessert fail: http://www.yelp.com/biz/la-divina-gelateria-new-orleans?hrid=QsmB4eeFBAYwc47c4Rs1yw).
My only complaint was that it wasn't as intimate and romantic as we would have liked, and that was probably just because it was our first time, and next time we'll try to get a more private table, perhaps in the pretty courtyard. Or we'll bring another couple so we can get one of those generous, cozy booths. Most of their 2-tops are lined up very close to one another like you'd find in a busy New York restaurant, which is not our preference on a date-night. But we will be back. It was a great dinner!Lilette was recommended to me on more than one occasion and I finally made it a point to try it out. The steak tartare was delicious but the shape on my plate reminded me of cat food...not sure everyone would still dive in after first sight. My halibut special was cooked to perfection and accompanied by lovely brussel sprouts. Wish I knew how they did that...I'd eat a lot more brussel sprouts if so. My date's duck was a little less exciting since the breast was cut so thinly and across the grain. I was still impressed enough to order dessert and I was happy to eat every bite of the chocolate goodness. Was this the best place I've eaten in New Orleans...no. But it was certainly worth a stop or maybe two.This place is a elegant and cozy spot uptown. Food was pretty tasty, but portions were small. The waygu beef entree was very good. However, the bill was astronomical. I've had better meals for much less in New Orleans. Would probably not recommend to a friend.I've now eaten here twice and Lilette is my favorite NOLA restaurant.
The night before we had eaten at a very old, very doughty NOLA tradition in the French Quarter.  It was a culinary museum.  Lilette is a culinary masterpiece.
Here's the deal:  Lilette is a small, stylish restaurant on Magazine Street in the Garden District.  From the moment we walked in on a bitter cold night, the warmth of the restaurant enveloped us both figuratively and literally.  The tables are fairly close tougher but the sound level was low enough that my friend and I could actually talk to each other.
The server whose name I unfortunately can't recall -- a wisp of a young women with strong views about what to order and how to eat it -- was fantastic.  She asked what we kind of food we like, the taste we were looking for, and guided us toward the perfect choices. 
We start with specialty drinks from the bar, followed by four small pates, and finished with the excellent artisanal cheese selection.  The plates were white truffle parmesan toast, duck confit, sautéed sweetbreads and tagliolini pasta.  
We left the restaurant refreshed, content, amazed by the range of labors and textures, and completely satisfied, but not stuffed.
Do not miss Lilette.  But get a reservation.  And ask for a booth if you don't like crowds.The food was good.   I was expecting more of a French plate but was not disappointed.  The duck confit salad was outstanding.  I would strongly recommend the grill beets as an appetizer.Came here for our Valentine's dinner while staying in New Orleans for the weekend.. A great quality meal for the price definitely. Highly recommend the cheese plate (amazing selection!) and the truffle toast (to die for). My lamb shoulder was perfectly cooked and seasoned and my boyfriends duck was tender and perfectly seared. Great wine selection- also their cocktails are nicely mixed. A wonderfully intimate experience in a charming wine-red room that anyone would enjoy. Thanks Lilette for making our Valentine's dinner so enjoyable!Lilette is a really cute restaurant.  My friends and I had a grand time.  There were three of us which was perfect for this quaint little restaurant.
For an appetizer I got the potato gnocchi with sage brown butter and parmigiano cream which was fabulous.  The gnocchi literally melted in your mouth.  Once the gnocchi was gone, we were dipping our bread into the leftover cream sauce.
For my entree I got the roasted Muscovy duck breast with Tuscan kale, butternut squash, sage, and satsuma coriander jus.  That was also excellent and the duck was cooked perfectly.
The best part was the dessert.  Each of us picked a different dessert to get one and we all shared.  Between the three of us we got the quenelles of goats cheese crème fraiche with poached pears, pistachios and lavender honey, the chocolate brioche bread pudding with Earl Grey ice cream and orange caramel, and the Nutella custard with fleur de sel, caramel cream and chocolate-hazelnut brittle.
I'm not a huge fan of goat cheese but it went really well with the pears.  The nutella custard was really good as well but my favorite dessert by far was the chocolate brioche bread pudding.  Not your typical bread pudding but SO GOOD.  I really want to go back just for that... and the gnocchi...
Really, we had a great time and I would definitely come back.This is the 2nd time I have dined here...one was a group lunch to celebrate a baptism and yesterday was a nice lunch with friends.
This has an authentic Parisian cafe feel to it...the tile floors, wooden sideboards and cheerful lighting belie an anything but traditional menu which is innovative and delicious.
For lunch I had the grilled beets with walnuts and cheese. I know that may not sound inventive but the twist was the grilled...almost blackened beets and it was delicious. My companions had the sizzling shrimp which was delightful.
I followed with the avocado, onion, basil tomato salad. It was perfect!  The balance of freshness and flavor made me wish I could have gone back for another today! I had a glass of rosé from their wine by the glass list and it was perfect too. 
I split the dark chocolate brownie with cherry ice cream atop for dessert. It, too, was delicious.  Last time we had the pastry chef make a cake with lemon filling as dessert for the post baptism lunch. Their pastry chef is very talented. I do wish there would have been cake on the menu as an option, it's darned good at Lilette!
Such an elegant part of the city's dining scene and a great departure from the often obnoxious overdone-New-Orleans-feel which can permeate the restaurant scene if we let it.
Can't wait for my next meal hereI've eaten here at lunch many times and dinner a few times and always enjoyed nearly everything I've had here.  The one thing I didn't really enjoy was the burger but I've only sampled the burger at lunch once and it wasn't among my favorites (it isn't a bad burger it just doesn't compare to others in its pricey category).  They also make some fantastic cocktails and it always seems to be a fun place to enjoy a meal.  The biggest issue here is the parking which can be a challenge in the area.  I've always managed to get in without reservations but it might be a good idea to get a reservation for dinner.Reservations for 8 on a Saturday evening. The restaurant is a bit on the smaller side. The service was on point and very good. My friend and I shared their appetizers special (ravioli) and the Roasted Muscovy Duck Breast to share. The split our entree which was a very nice touch. The ravioli was very good. We had our duck medium rare which I didn't really care for but my friend enjoyed it. I liked everything else than came with our entree. We also had a round of coffee/lattes to go around. My latte was really good. Overall, it was a good time. 
Two unisex restrooms.Really enjoyed dinner here.  The "special of the day" salad was Heirloom Tomatoes with shaved parmesan.  It was fabulous.  Shared the short ribs (as an appetizer) and it was OK.  Wouldn't order it again - the meat was a little dry.  Had the Baricola for the main entree and I really enjoyed it.  Would visit again.  Service was adequate, but not outstanding.Considering how many people have told me that this is their favorite or one of their favorite restaurants in NOLA, I'm shocked at how long it took me to eat here! I finally went tonight, and although everything was delicious, it doesn't stand out in my mind as one of the BEST meals I've had (hence the 4 stars), but I think I need to return and order different things. Please, just take a look at their menu on the website when you get a chance - it's obviously fine dining.
First of all, if the weather is nice please go in the early evening (our reservation was for 6:30) and sit outside!!! They have an absolutely lovely courtyard space on the side of the building, with ivy growing on the walls and even a small fountain. It definitely feels French and reminded me of when I lived in Paris :) I can't stress more how nice the ambiance is in their outdoor seating; absolutely go here on a date. The inside looked cozy but a little bit crowded, as some other reviewers have mentioned. I dislike restaurant settings where you sit RIGHT NEXT to other people's tables and have to overhear each other's conversations the whole night. 
For an appetizer, we shared the sizzling shrimp in lemon oregano vinaigrette. They bring you four large shrimp literally sizzling in a cast-iron pan. These were just OK for me; I wouldn't order them again but they were a nice light appetizer. I think next time I'd get the grilled beets w/goat cheese & walnuts, or the steamed clams with marsala, grilled onions, and kale pesto bruschetta (I mean, just that last part about the kale...wowza). 
My friend ordered the hangar steak with fries and bordelaise sauce, which he gets every time he goes to Lilette because it's just that good. If you've ever been in Paris and eaten at one of the famed Relais d'Entrecote type steakhouses, where all you they serve is steak and fries and you get two helpings, it's definitely reminiscent of that. I ordered the sauteed spiced drum fish with artichoke, roasted tomato haricots verts, and lemon-oregano yogurt. I was dubious about the lemon-oregano yogurt sauce, and almost ordered the fish special of sauteed snapper with fennel and some spicy sweet sauce, but the server (who was incredibly sweet and helpful) advised me to go with the drum. The yogurt sauce was actually fantastic - and they don't make it too heavy by piling it on, you get just enough of it - but it wasn't quite the best fish dish I'd ever had, and I thought the haricots verts seemed slightly undercooked. I also wasn't a fan of including the artichokes with the dish. 
We elected to skip dessert tonight, although I absolutely would come hungrier next time in order to be able to get a dessert, because I think those sound like the most phenomenal things on the menu. In fact, I might JUST come for dessert. They have a whole separate section for it on their website, so it must be special! The in-house pastry chef is Beth Biundo. We ALMOST got the Nutella custard with fleur de sel, caramel cream, and chocolate-hazelnut brittle, but instead got Pinkberry afterwards :) 
One pro that sticks out in my mind: They offered a lot more specials than most restaurants do, which I loved. You have a lot of selection beyond what's on the regular menu; I think she told us about three special appetizers, two or three special entrees, and two special desserts.
One con that sticks out: Although they offer an extensive wines by the bottle list, they have a much smaller selection of wines by the glass. 
Next time I think I also have to get the Tuscan kale salad with fennel, carrot, pickled peppers, mint, pistachio and Pecorino Toscano...but that might just be because I'm obsessed with kale and haven't found too many places that offer it in salad - if you know of any, please message me! 
I have nothing bad to say about Lilette, but since it was so pricey my standards were set a liiittle bit higher. Our glasses of wine were $13 each (what?!), the appetizer was $10, and the entrees were close to $30 each, so our total bill for those few items was over $100, whoa! 
Summary: Sit outside in the early evening, don't get the sizzling shrimp appetizer, carnivores should get the hangar steak, make sure to save room for dessert.Food is good, ambiance good, perfect for date night. Don't go here if you are a business traveler.Top notch restaurant with creative foods. Don't read this review, just go try it. You won't be disappointed!
Notable eats: grilled beets with goat cheese and walnuts, sizzling shrimp, and the duck was UH-mazing!This was my favorite restaurant in NOLA on my recent visit.  The raw salmon appetizer was AMAZING: so light, simple flavors, perfect.  I also LOVED the kale salad.  The oysters were delicious, too.   The lamb meatballs were good, a little dry, so I wanted more of the yogurt sauce.  The best part of my lamb entree was the salad - it had tiny fried pieces of joy.  The actual lamb was a little dry without much flavor.  We had a great waitress, and I appreciated the accessible bathroom (though there is one step up into the restaurant).This is the best restaurant I've eaten in on a long time. I still can't get over the service! The wait staff all helped one another to make sure that the table was cleaned off and that the patrons were happy and the food came out accordingly. Oh, and have I meantioned the food! It was simply sublime. The white fish ceviche was better than any I've ordered in an Asian restaurant. 
The waitress helped us pair our selections with Wines that complimented our meals perfectly! The apps, entrees, dessert and wines were just incredible! This place has been opened for years and has only improved with time. Go try it out if you are looking for a true experience.Ok--- So my boyfriend surprised me for our Valentine's dinner by making reservations at Lilette. I have walked by this place and always thought it looked so quaint and the menu was quite intriguing. He made reservations, we arrived early, they were able to seat us in the courtyard right away. I HIGHLY recommend opting for courtyard seating. The dining room looked nice, but it was very loud with a kind of awkward table set-up. The patio was so beautiful and peaceful. Really sweet ambiance with jazz music playing in the background. 
The service throughout the night was consistent (refilled water, made sure we had utensils, etc.) I would have liked the waitresses and sommelier to be a little more chatty and upbeat, but they did their jobs well and answered all our questions. Our entire dining experience took about 2 hours. We didn't feel rushed at all. This is definitely a place to take your time and savor the food and enjoy the company of your party. 
We pretty much ordered one of everything on the menu (420 life). We started with cocktails (well and generously mixed) and the oyster special, chicken soup, italian wedding soup, arugula and fennel salad, boudin noir, gnocchi, what the hell didn't we order?? This was just the beginning... Get the Boudin noir.. soooo good. Also, the Sweetbreads. Don't ask what sweetbreads are until you eat them. We ended up ordering a half bottle of wine, and asked our sommelier what the sweetbreads were... A "delicacy".... Just do it.
We shared an entree---the baked flounder. Loved the sauce it was served with.
Had some sort of whipped goat cheese dessert... Starting to feel frisky..
By the end of this meal-- and still as I'm drinking more champagne writing this review--- I just felt really energized and satisfied. Probably one of the best meals I've had--ever. Maybe I don't get out much.. But we both just felt it was totally worth the splurge. For 2 of us--with lots of food and booze- 200$$ before tip. No regrets.. If you're looking for place to treat yo'self or impress a date with some unique, fresh and creative food, Lilette is a wonderful Uptown choice!! ;)I really through about cancelling this meal.  I don't know, French food in New Orleans when I can be eating Cajun or Creole.  But when I went back to the menu on line it was too good to pass.  And I was glad we went.
It is an elegant room off of Magazine Street, again, the restuarant you want in your neighborhood.
One turn off is the hostess.  If you want to be in the front of the house learn to smile.  Or at least be friendly. If I want attitude at the front of the house I can go to New York.
That being said i would still go back for the food.  OK Fred wouldn't order the wild mushroom appetizer because he doesn't consider criminis and shitakes wild, he has a point there.  And yes the heirloom tomato special was a bit price at 12 but very good.  Hey, but Mark's chicken broth with a soft egg was very very flavorful and well concieved.  For mains I thoroughly enjoyed the roasted "poulet" breast with brussel sprouts.  A great Sancerre white rounded it out.  If Mark or Fred remember their courses or dessert I'll edit later.
So Lilette just snuck into four star range, it really is a 3.8....Always a treat to eat here to get out of the French quarter area.  Lamb sirloin was perfect as was the arugula salad with roasted garbanzo beans.  We've been eating here for 10 years when in town and have never been disappointed.I was there Thursday March 22 after arriving in NOLA from San Diego that afternoon. The food was exceptional. I had the Duck, it was delicious and unique. The servers were very professional, but the place was jammed, so the small size of the room made it feel a bit cramped. I would love to go there on an off night (if they ever have any) the next time I come to town.Apparently this is Leonardo DiCaprio's favorite New Orleans spot for fine dining. Located in a beautiful antique corner store on Magazine Street Uptown Lilette small but mighty boasts their elegant interpretations on New Orleans French food.. my first experience here was in 2009 so I'm happy to be back with a more advanced palette. I ordered the subtle cold corn broth crab and avocado chowder and the crab claws in passion fruit butter-- possessed by l'espirit de la mer, I suppose. The soup was pure and simple-- favors honored each other very well.  The crab claws were magnificent. The butter unlike anything I've experienced. The meat fell right out the claw. While I didn't order an entree, I did recieves some small presents from the staff being that a friend works here. They brought me a glass of complimentary champagne, amuse-bouche of chared escargot marscapone, as well as their warm beet and goat cheese salad. I ordered the Nutella custard for dessert because I go weak in the knees when I see "caramel" and "fleur de sel" in the same sentence. Great experience and a lovely little taste of French New Orleans!Had an excellent round of appetizers and drinks the other night. This was my first time in New Orleans as an adult, and I thoroughly enjoyed the city, especially Lilette. 
The bartender, Stephen was top of the line. Extremely knowledgeable, and really friendly. We had some cocktails and champagne, as well as some oysters, and a small plate of pork belly atop white beans. I wish I had a gigantic bowl of that dish right now, it was amazing. Looking forward to another visit sometime soon.Great as usual. Had the boulibaise. Always great. Cote de Rhone & Burgundy by the glass, very good. Lovely atmosphere. Always ready to go again. Service  is always lovely, we were there on  Wednesday.  Shared the Chocolate Broich Bread Puddin, I can not pass up ordering it.I have to admit- I had never heard of Lilette, so I guess you could say I didn't really have any expectations walking in for a Thursday dinner with a friend.  That being said, I was SO pleasantly surprised by everything; the ambience, service and food were all phenomenal.  
Ambience: Elegantly lighting in an otherwise dim, open dining room... the windows around the entire restaurant really seal the deal- I'm sure it's a great dining experience during the day, too
Service: Our bartender and server were both lovely... our server in particular was so helpful with helping us determine portions, pick out the right wine, etc.  
Food: Can't say enough good things!  I will warn that the food is RICH... it comes in very small portions for just that reason.  You're definitely paying for the skillfulness and creativity that goes into crafting the food, not the portion size.  Highly recommend the white truffle parmigiano toast as an appetizer and the beef cheeks as an entree.  
I'll definitely return when my wallet allows me to!Good food. Smaller appitizers. Very expensiveI've been to Lillette several times and it does not disappoint.  The atmosphere, the food and the staff are all exceptional.  On a nice day it's great to sit outside and watch the passersby on Magazine St.  The food, although expensive, is delicious.  I mostly have appetizers when I come here and some of my favorite are the escargot, truffle toast, the gnocchi and the grilled beets.  Louis, the manager, is great and always very helpful.  Definitely worth a visit or two.Last night was my first time having dinner here. It was for my little sister's birthday and let me tell you this place is amazing. We had a group of 14 with a reservation and were seated passed our reservation time but we were just waiting for the table to free up. The staff were very pleasant and very accommodating. 
On to the cuisine, the fish of the night was yellowtail tuna so I definitely had to try the yellowfish tuna crudo appetizer. An appetizer good for two to share, the tuna looked fresh and was accompanied with slices of bread and diced mushrooms and a bed of yummy sauce. All together this dish tasted heavenly. 
For the main dish I ordered the grilled hanger steak and fries and my sister ordered the duck breast with Parmesan crusted cauliflower and spinach. The meat was cooked to our liking which was medium. There was a definite balance of flavors, not too salty at all.  
The service was excellent and very accommodating. My sisters boyfriend had brought a cake from outside vendor and they were open to storing it for us. And when it came time for the birthday song they came out with candles. They also cut the cake and served it for us. Awesome crew last night! Definitely will eat here again. Oh almost forgot we had the Pimm's spritz cocktail which was also delicious.Great food, especially loved the dessert but service was terrible. Waited almost 15 minutes for water in a nearly empty restaurant.Had lunch here. Kobe beef burger was delicious and worth every penny. Better than any of the high end burgers I have tried in town. Hope to try dinner menu soon.Exceptional and inspired.  I had the fried pork belly over the melon, sweet onion, peashoot, and herb salad.  Simply amazing - a wonderful balance of salty from the pork belly and sweet from the melon, tempered with earthy tones from the greens.
Nutella custard and a great cup of coffee for dessert rounded out this wonderful evening.
Atmosphere is clean, subdued, and intimate.  Service was a touch aloof, with sprinkles of upselly-ness.  But not so much to detract or delete a star.
Simply delicious!Beautiful restaurant and very clean. The waitstaff were very busy, maybe someone called in sick. The Fitzgerald cocktail was fabulous as was our lunch of the fish special and a Kobe burger with fabulous french fries. Expensive but lovely especially for women.Lilette's is terrific. That said, I think it is the kind of place that you have to visit more than once. I think, and I do cook, that the food is fantastic, but you have to go and go and go to really appreciate the whole ambiance. It's like those French eateries in the south of France where people know when to go and what to order. (There's a specific name for them, but I forget.) Lilette's is definitely worth a trip off the beaten FQ path even just for a delightfully boozy lunch. You can always walk up to St. Charles and catch the street car, if it's back up and running. If not, they are happy to call a cab for you.Kobe beef definitely not worth 45.00!!!  Great restaurant... But they dropped the ball on this dish!!Lilette is great. I've been for dinner and lunch. I will say right from the start, they are slow. Slow slow slow. For me, when I'm going to a nice restaurant, especially a French one, I expect slow and I enjoy slow, but if you don't want to spend 2+ hours at dinner or even lunch, it might not be for you.
It's been a while since I was there for dinner but I had lunch there today and it was great. The grilled drum was really good and the arugula and cauliflower salad was nice but lacked some salt. 
The Tom Collins I had was weak, but the other cocktails were great. The service is really good. 
This "French/Cajun" place is more French than Cajun, but all around very good.I've had two experiences here in six or seven meals:  inventive and divine; and hearty but scattered.  On the Italian, its about the pairing of base aromas and succulents.  On the French, its about the laying and summoning of flavors, sometimes from deep within.  On the lesser end of my visits to Lillette, i will say, there were always individual elements of anything sub-par which stood aground from the whole.  I could always, even if i had to question it, i could always see perhaps what they were going for.   Good to excelent service, too, but don't neccesarily trust the wine pairings offered- if you think you know better you usually do.5 stars for the cocktails!!!! Cucumber martini on a hot night? YES please!!Lovely dinner.  Light green salad and the duck dish.  Very generous and good sazerac cocktail.I've enjoyed every meal I've had here.  
I had Valentine's dinner last night and it did not disappoint.  First of all, Lillete being a small french bistro is a perfect setting for a romantic Valentine's dinner.  We arrived for our 7pm reservation just a few minutes late, but our table wasn't ready yet.  No worries.....we were seated within about 5 minutes.  
My only complaint about Lilette would be about their wine prices......both my boyfriend and I had previewed the wine list online and found there were hardly any bottles for under $60.  It's clear the mark up is more than normal.....I know what the Seghesio Zinn costs.....and $48 for a half bottle is crazy.  That being said, we drank a bottle of Veuve before dinner and agreed to order by the glass at dinner.  He had the Pinot and I had the Cab Franc, both were delicious.
Our waitress was lovely.  She was very knowledgable of the specials and the menu items.  Her description of the fresh fish crude as being a fatty fish is why we chose it and it was exactly to my liking.
For appetizers, we ordered the fresh fish crudo which was marlin belly.  It was wonderful.  I believe it was served in a grapefruit vinaigrette.  We also ordered the hearts of palm salad.  This too was wonderful.  Both were perfectly light appetizers.
For entrees, I ordered the beef cheeks served with gnocchi.  The sauce served on this dish was amazing.  I seriously could have licked the bowl.  My boyfriend ordered the hangar steak with narrowed bordelaise fries.  The steak looked very tender and he kept raving about the potatoes. 
For dessert, we ordered the chocolate hazelnut torte with blood orange curd.  It was the perfect finish to our meal.  Quite often I find chocolate desserts to be rather heavy, but this wasn't.  It was delicious and the combination with the citrus flavor was perfect.My boyfriend treated me to a special dinner date at Lilette last night.  We had escargots and the sizzling shrimp for appetizers.  Both were awesome.  The escargots were about the best we have ever tasted, so tender and tasty and not chewy at all.  The shrimp were outstanding with a blend of lemon and spices, garlic and butter.  Then we had the Roasted Poulet breast and a special entree, the Braciola, which was an Italian dish similar to meatballs.  Again, both were awesome.  We hope to come back again to enjoy another meal where every mouthful was a delight.  The service was excellent and the ambiance was nice - we didn't find it too loud, even on a Saturday night.  We dined early at 6.30pm and left at 8.30pm by which time it was busier but just a good vibe.  Everyone was friendly, right from when I called to make sure our OpenTable reservation was confirmed, through to when we arrived, our server and a warm goodbye as we left.  High recommend for a special dinner which is affordable too.I really couldn't imagine a better dinner.  A table outside had been arranged but there was rain in the forecast so they gave us the option of outside or in and we said we would still try outside.  The intimate little table was situated on a side porch and except for an occasional strong gust it was perfect.  It felt like we could be forgotten, but we weren't at all.  Just enough attention and yet not so many visits that it felt annoying.  We went full in with drinks, appetizer, soup, salad and entrees.  We shared escargot.  It showed up on one toast that we just cut down the middle though we were thinking two little toasts would have been easier for us to split.  I think we each got about 4 escargot which were fairly large.  The bowl of soup - Italian wedding for her was large, flavorful and incredibly hot.  The salad - kale and apples for me was perfectly sized and tasty.  Then came our entrees.  I got the hangar steak and fries and she got the lamb shoulder.  The lamb shoulder tasted just like pot roast, so very good.  My hangar steak was perfectly cooked and the fries were that crispy not crispy combo I love so much.  We decided not to get dessert because we were full so I can't tell you if that was good.  It was an early birthday dinner for me and what a nice one it was.  The dinner was pricey but well worth it.I love this place. The decor is fantastic, as well as the staff. Go for lunch if you want a delicious upscale meal without paying a fortune. The pulled pork sandwich is AMAZING.Loved it!! Great service and interesting food we will be back. Very much a French restaurant creole no where on the menu thank GodMy favorite meal in NOLA.  Located in the beautiful garden district, this place has it all.  Perfect food in the perfect setting.  We epescially loves the toast with marrow appetizer as well as the potato gnocci.   Great service, romantic atmosphere and outside the fray of the French Quarter.  We will be back.We ate here some time ago with a fairly large group of friends for a special occasion. They were very accommodating for our table size and made sure to try and keep everyone taken care of as drinks ran out, bread was devoured, etc. 
Very intimate interior, which would be fantastic for a dinner date. 
Service as previously mentioned was impeccable and very friendly. 
Food was superb. They have a large daily special chalkbaord that had some amazing offerings on top of an already exciting menu. Food runs fairly rich and will definitely fill you up for your buck. For the most part, the fare is french, more so than french creole, and well plated. 
There are quite a few intimate restaurants along Magazine that offer a similar experience, but Lilette, in my opinion, is leading the pack.We love this place, especially during lunch. Order the sizzling shrimp appetizer and gnocchi. Desserts and cocktails are amazing as well.Local friend recommended that our party try this place on a recent visit, and I have to agree: it's a good call. Granted, the prices are on the higher end, but I'd say this is one of the few places in NOLA where you won't regret paying a bit more for the ambiance. My dining companion and I decided to order a number of appetizers so that we can try as much as possible, so we went with: grilled beets, fried beef short ribs, potato gnocchi, and the eggplant crisps. The kitchen did a great job of pairing what we ordered into 2 rounds:
Beets: I'm not that big of a fan of beets to begin with, so the fact that I didn't immediately think, "gag," is in and of itself a great compliment. Sweet and tangy, it balanced out the ribs.
Ribs: tender, crumbly, and just begging to be devoured. It had a bit of a tart bite to it, which was unexpected, but really grew on me with each subsequent bite.
Gnocchi: really creamy and dense, but has a complexity of flavor beyond just STARCH. Definitely gave my tummy that "warm and fuzzy feeling."
Eggplant: kind of like a sophisticated, grown-up version of eggplant parm. Do not neglect to spear a basil leaf with each forkful as that little detail really pulls it together.My favorite Restaurant in the City for the past 14 years. Hanger steak is incredible but can't go wrong with anything on menuAm I the only person that is not wowed by this place?   First off, a restaurant should do the diligence and have someone warm and friendly at the front door and on the phone.  The stone cold, icy blonde girl that seated us was NOT any of the above.  We were seated near the door, so we could hear her ask everyone who walked in if they wanted to dine outside....never a smile, never any warmth.  
The food was good, but not the "great" I expected.  I had the kale salad which was probably the best of the appetizers we had at our table (three of us).  Daughter had shrimp and husband had duck which he said was "dry."   Dinner was hanger steak and two of us ordered the halibut special.  Then dinner arrived, one person had a decent-sized piece of halibut, and the other person had half that size of a piece.  A little disconcerting.  When I mentioned it to the waiter, he was kind enough to have the chef prepare another piece of fish which was fabulous.  Think my small piece had been cooked earlier, since it was nowhere near as good as the second piece.
The reason I give three stars and not two was one of the desserts -- the goat/lavender quenelles ---- they were fabulous.  The other dessert we ordered was forgettable.
In short, I have always wanted to try Lilette.  I have no reason to ever want to return, since there are way too many great restaurants in New Orleans.  One other comment about Lilette is that it was VERY noisy.  Admittedly, there were some larger groups the night we were there, but their acoustics are not very good.  It was hard to carry on a conversation at our table.Lilette is a sexy restaurant. Although I came for lunch, it had a very romantic feel about it so it would be a great place to take a date. 
Our waiter was friendly and attentive. He gave great descriptions of the specials that weren't on the menu. I ended up ordering one of those specials...a salmon dish that was quite delicious.
The space is small but a private conversation was not a problem. I'd recommend reservations because it was pretty packed even at lunchtime.I have now been to Lilette 3 times with basically the same experience over and over - food is delicious, fresh, and inventive, cocktails are very good, atmosphere is beautiful and refined, service is so weirdly snooty. Every time I go I feel like the servers and hostesses are bored and judgmental. Really dampens the experience and makes it hard to justify spending the 50+ dollars a person.Just wonderful.  Anything you order.  Professional, friendly service.  Just go.  Get away from the French Quarter tourist places.  This is one of the best.Fantastic French restaurant, beautiful decor, and excellent service. Pricey and worth it. While my entrée was delicious, the standouts for me were the cocktails (I had the "Paper Plane," and won't soon forget it, and the dessert - the special that evening was a "dark chocolate brownie with condensed goat's milk and a brandied cherry ice-cream." Sublime.Lovely lunch! Great location on Magazine Street. The restaurant is small so if you are coming for dinner I would highly recommend making reservations. I had the gnocchi, which were rich and delicious! The italian wedding soup was amazing! My husband and I also split the kobe beef burger. It was up there with one of the best burgers I have ever had. I would definitely love to go back to Lilette.As fine a lunch as I have ever enjoyed.  The wine was a perfect pairing; the oysters diverse, fresh and with delicious mignonette; and the drum prepared beyond compare. The flavor was somehow simultaneously explosive and wonderfully light.
And our server was an absolute delight.  
I have traveled to NOLA for many years, yet this was somehow my first trip to Lilette.  I don't want to visit this beautiful city again without also paying a visit to Lilette.
Thank you for a wonderful afternoon...see you next time.Great ambience. Good service. 
The food was simple, but with a base of good ingredients and great talent in the kitchen.  One of my favorite places in the city.  Worth splurging.Food is amazing!! I do not have a single bad comment or improvement about the food. I do think the restaurant itself is a tad small & feels cramped when fully occupied by patrons.Lovely birthday dinner the coconut cake it a must I almost took an additional order back home with me . Lovely service lovely atmosphere lovely peopleBeautiful atmosphere, excellent service.  Our table was not ready, so we offered to sit next door at their wine bar.  We were served drinks and when our table was ready, we were escorted back to the main restaurant.  Taken well care of.
We had a number of appetizers including the oysters, truffles, steak tartar.  For dinner we had the stripped sea bass, Bouillabaisse & Braciola.  For dessert we had the, Nutella custard with fleur de sel, caramel cream and chocolate-hazelnut brittle, out of this world!
Food was excellent.     Very good wine list.  Service was very good.
highly recommended.Our family of four dined at this lovely neighborhood restaurant. Every dish was superb. The service was exceptional and we will be back.The first thing is it was my birthday my sister bought me my favorite cake to the Restrurant & they told us it would cost $25.00 to cut the cake when we asked why their response was that we would not order desert from them. There were 4 of us we had 2 appetizers, 2 salads, one burger & 3 entrées & 4 drinks & 1 ice tea my brother-in-law took out $200.00 oh yes we did have 2 deserts this was for lunch now & all that said i was shocked that my brother-in-law had to take out another $100.00 bill. That is crazy prices for a freaking lunch. Wish we would have gone to Commanders PalaceLilette is a great romantic spot for young and old alike. I go here with my boyfriend a lot since we can always count on a great meal in a sultry atmosphere. The cocktails aren't really worth the price--too bitter for my taste and not enough liquor for the price. Stick with the wine because they have a great selection! 
We always order the raw fish special and it NEVER disappoints. Their moules (an app) are great in a delicious creamy broth that is big enough for a girl's entree if you're not trying to walk out with a food coma. The hearts of palm salad is fresh and light--just olive oil and shavings of parmesan is a clean, delicious dish. I also recommend the chicken soup--a simple chicken broth with fresh vegetables and a poached egg...a sophisticated twist on the classic. 
My boyfriend loves the juicy hangar steak served rare with Lilette's specialty fries on the side. and it's served with some bone marrow. YUM.
For dessert, they have an amazing chocolate hazelnut mousse which you have to have if you love chocolate and nutella. they sprinkle some fleur de sel on top which adds just the right amount of saltiness to bring out the sweetness in the chocolate. Or if you want something more light, Lilette always has a refreshing sorbet--our favorite is the basil grapefruit. 
Our only complaint is that the service is kind of iffy. Their servers aren't as attentive or polite as I wish they would be, especially Louis T., who is actually kind of an asshole. But one server isn't going to ruin it for us considering the food is just delish and is one of our favorite spots for birthdays, anniversaries, and romantic mid-week dates. It's right up there with the rest of our uptown favorites, Patois, La Petite Grocery, and Bistro Daisy.We stopped by for lunch.  Attractive room, fine service and very good lunch.
You don't go to one of New Orleans Best Restaurants for a Cheeseburger unless it's Lilette. The Kobi Beef Cheeseburger is one of the best burgers I've ever had.  The French Fries were also exceptional.
Wife had Tagliolini, which she loved.
I had Italian Wedding Soup as a starter... very good and my wife loved her sun choke soup.
Excellent lunch!Easily my favorite restaurant in the city; Lilette is excellent at what it provides:  superb food, quality location, wonderful ambiance, and a good wine list to boot.  Our recent visit was amazing, as usual.  We hopped in without a reservation, and the wait staff immediately helped us to a table.  I almost always get the Drum, but decided that tonight I wanted to try the Squab.  It was a great choice, as everything about the dish was wonderful.  There is a reason that we keep coming back.  Good food, great service...Well Done!Love this place in spite of the wine prices. Would be  5 stars except that I asked for table 11 on open table and they gave it to someone else. They get points for admitting it but, at this level, this was an amateurish mistake.Out of this world, such an amazing splurge on vacation.  I'd never had beef cheeks before, so glad I tried them!!!!  Our entire party loved their food as well. We did have one vegetarian in our group, unfortunately there were no vegetarian entrees so he made a meal of apps.This place was amazing. My boyfriend and I ordered the steak tartar and oysters for appetizers and they were mouth wateringly good. I had the fish while he has the duck and once again we loved it all. Will definitely be backI've been holding off on writing this review, because I don't exactly know how to put this place into words.  I guess we'll start with the word "exquisite" and go from there.
A friend of mine decided bring me here one night.  Actually, this was all my friend's idea, as I had honestly never heard of the place.  I know I know.  I should be ashamed.  The atmosphere has a very relaxed feel.  Although it is an "upscale" restaurant, it's not as formal as Commander's or Antoine's.  You could definitely go to this place for after work drinks or appetizers and not feel out of place.
They have an extensive cocktail menu and the wait staff is extremely helpful in choosing one that is right for you.  They have everything from whiskey mixers to cucumber martinis.
For a starter I decided to get the white truffle parmigiano toast with wild mushrooms.  It was amazing.  The toast was very lightly toasted and the mushrooms were in a veal glaze that was delicious.
For my entree I had the black drum which was served with cous cous.  It was cooked to perfection and it melted in my mouth.  It was light enough so that I didn't feel bad about enjoying every bite. 
My dessert, which was amazing, consisted of a fresh baked brownie topped with a delicious vanilla ice cream.  It was more than just some run of the mill "brownie bottom pie", it was decadent and delicious.
I would love to go back to Lilette and I hope I have the opportunity to do so  sooner rather than later.First, the good stuff. The food was awesome. We had 5 appetizers and a number of entrees, and I never knew some food could taste that way. The wine selection was great as well, and the sommelier was super nice and knowledgable.
Why didn't this place get 5 stars? The waiter. Basically, we had 6 people, cocktails, multiple bottles of wine, and tons of food. Despite the money spent (and no we were not obnoxious), our cue ball waiter was one of the worst I've experienced in a nice restaurant. When a fuller glass of wine was requested, with the disclaimer we'd be happy to pay for 2, he wouldn't even make that happen. Throughout the meal we were met with condescending facial expressions and poor bedside manner. Really disappointing, but we didn't let it ruin our meal. I'd definitely recommend this place, just avoid the sassy waiter with a shaved head.Well, OK.  Now I feel worse . . . I thought I had written an earlier review of Lilette from a previous trip to New Orleans, but -- apparently -- I didn't.  Too bad, because the last time Lynn & I were there, we LOVED it -- great food; casual, relaxed atmosphere; friendly chef chatting to the diners . . . WOW, has Lilette changed!
Maybe it's the success of the restaurant.  Maybe it's that Chef/Owner John Harris has opened up his new, more casual "bistro/bar" next door, Bouligny Tavern.  Maybe it's -- whatever.  But the Lilette of  2012 is a far cry from the Lilette of days gone by, and that's a downright shame.
Had I written the review I *thought* I'd written (circa 2007), I would have given Lilette 4.5 stars, probably 5.  Lynn and I were very impressed, savoring the meal, enjoying our conversation with Chef Harris . . . but now?
Let me quickly say we had 9:00 reservations, and the place was still jumping -- 90+ percent of the tables and the bar stools were full, and people were happy.  We were shown to a tiny two-top right next to the bathrooms, where people would have bumped into me as they passed.  Fortunately, the hostess noticed how uncomfortable we looked, and switched to an adjoining four-top.  Much better.
One of the changes we noticed was that, aside from one obvious exception, the "crowd" here has morphed into a decidedly younger one -- lots and lots of 20-somethings (indeed, some looked like they must still be in high school, but perhaps that's just me rather than reality), a few 30-somethings and only two tables of people who were older.  I don't know if that was the hour, or the norm, but it was something we took note of.
Another change was to the interior design.  It's gone from "neighborhood place" to something more "upscale," slightly more formal (it's still casual, but not as relaxed); it's more "atmospheric," with candles dotting the bar and back bar.  Again, in and of itself, not automatically good or bad, but another thing we noticed.
So, too, did we note the use of the word "Ma'am" by our waitress every time she addressed Lynn.  I don't know if that's regional or not, but it was downright strange -- making Lynn feel like her grandmother.  Once or even twice, maybe.  But every single time?!?!?!
The food was good.  Good, not great -- not memorable or special in any way.  And that was a disappointment, based upon a) our prior experience here, and b) our experience elsewhere in this wonderful city, our "home away from home."  Everything tasted "fine," there were no miscues, nothing overcooked or too heavily salted.  Everything was correct.  But it lacked the "spark" that makes a meal special.  
Service was abysmal, and that was the restaurant's downfall.  It's not just the "ma'am" thing.  All through the meal, for example, I had to pour my own wine.  All through the meal, our waitress was "hanging out" at the bar, chatting to someone, so that I had to flag down other staff members to, for example, refill our water glasses.  Other servers brought our food (appetizers, salad, entrée, dessert).  Our waitress did come by once to ask if everything was OK -- what was I supposed to say?
The desserts were excellent!  They saved the meal.  Five stars.
Rest of the meal?  Four stars (maybe 3.5).
Service?  ZERO.
The way we feel now about Lilette -- rather than recommending it to friends visiting NOLA, I'll suggest other places.  Will we come back here?  Oh, probably, but we're certainly in no hurry to do so.  We come to New Orleans once or twice a year, usually for 5-7 days at a time.  There are simply too many other deliciously wonderful places to go.Cold corn soup with avocado and crab was unique, soft with different flavors coming out with different bites. Crispy pan-fried drum fish was a little bland, but the salad underneath was delish, especially the roasted fennel. Desert (Apple Tart something or other) was too sweet, and it was hard to taste the calvados in the calvados ice cream. Still nice.
Floor with little hexagonal tiles, big windows, nice bar, otherwise attentively decorated. Slightly weird service. Overall a delicious and not-too-heavy lunch, something that is hard to find around here.Went for a weekday lunch and was truly impressed by the laid back yet completely professional staff and general vibe. We sat at the bar and had superb service. Lilette truly feels like you're eating in an understated bistro in Paris. We started with small briny sweet oysters(belon and kumomoto), moved on to a light but satisfying black drum special of the day and possibly the finest hamburger we've ever tasted. The burger was rich, luxurious and loaded with flavor, a real gem. Chilled Bourgogne blanc with the oysters and drum & a solid Cote du Rhone with the burger. A relaxing, sophisticated and satisfying lunch.Great food , great service , great atmosphere. Just great. Only problem is that they haven't changed the menu in years. Slightly stale.Lilette is fab - a total crowdpleaser. I don't think anyone could dislike it. Perfect for a romantic date or a family dinner or a fancy lunch with friends. The atmosphere gives french café vibes with tinkly classes and tiny-tile floors and big windows. The servers are always charming, the wine list is great, and the food is delicious. The crab claws are wonderful and I always really enjoy whatever special fish they have.Ok honestly, I've been eating here for 7 years. Never in those seven years have I had a bad experience with the waiters or the staff. When I say it's my favorite restaurant of all time, all over the world, my whole 30 years of existence under this sun, I am not exaggerating. I get Lilettes take out. If I didn't care about the weigh gain, I would eat here every night. I've been getting the same plates. First I start off with the potato gnocchi, crab fingers, duck confit, truffle toast and sometimes short runs. For my entree I get hanger steak or Bronzino when they have it. I'm in love with this restaurant and hope it's around for many many many more years. Thank you for all of the memories.Our last night in NOLA, and we had saved the best for last - or so we thought.  We'd been here before, but felt each time it was slipping into a less enjoyable experience, and this might end up our last.  We requested courtyard seating on the res, only to be told it might rain (tho clear skies all night).  We are seated at a table backing the bar.  I asked - but is someone going to want to sit there?  I mean, literally sitting in the chair, the back of my head hit the bar stool - and this is without anyone there yet.  "Oh no, we wont sit anyone there."  It was early in the evening, and most tables were empty, but ok...Fine...
- I had people sitting behind me, reading the specials menu out loud over my head the whole time
- the courtyard was blissfully dry (and empty) on a beautiful night but we were denied that seating we reserved 
- crab claw app had a cloyingly sweet sauce 
- duck was overcooked
- cocktails were so weak, you couldn't tell the gin / tonic from the vodka / tonic...they were both just mostly tonic
- service was slow, and this was all before the rush on a Saturday night
When we left, the manager said they're "on the cusp of when they seat people in the courtyard or not"....ok, but then don't take reservations for it.  They weren't full, so there were really no excuses for this bad of an experience.  The food could've made up for a horrible table, but it was average at best.
Also odd was how the manager would look out across the dining room, but never really make eye contact with anyone.  It was like he was looking at tables, but not patrons.  Awful, just awful and a huge disappointment.  Waste of hard earned money.I ate here this past Tuesday and I absolutely loved it! I really liked the ambience. Our server had great suggestions for appetizers and entrées- the food was spot on. I will definitely be going back soon!After a day of exploring the art, history, music, and everything else the French Quarter of New Orleans has to offer, my friends Steph M and Gaurav P were looking forward to a night of French cuisine.
Located in the uptown and less ghetto part of NOLA, Lilette is a superb French eatery. The three of us shared the following 6 appetizers: raw fish plate of the day, Alaskan king crab claws with passionfruit butter, potato gnocchi with sage brown butter and parmigiano cream, escargot with mushrooms and Calvados cream, eggplant crisps with Skordalia,  oven dried roma tomatoes, basil, and oil cured olives, and a daily special: an antipasto with mozzarella, salami, proscuitto, and arugula with drizzled olive oil. Starting with the raw fish: it was mild and refreshing. The crab was the best I've ever had- not sure if ever, but at least in a looonng time =p the passionfruit butter brought out the hedonist in me. The potato gnocchi was amazing, but the ratio of potato to flour was a little high, so the gnocchi collapsed in the mouth and had a consistency more like mashed potatoes. Still great though!
 I broke my escargot cherry here, and I can't wait to have more. The snails reminded me of mushrooms but slightly firmer with a unique escargoty taste, and the sauce paired well. I loved the mozzarella ball in the daily special. Its consistency was the right balance of firm and soft. I didn't eat the salami since I don't like salami, but the proscuitto was decent because it was not super salty. The eggplant was okay, I should have had something else instead because it was just like fried eggplant I could have made at home. My 2 friends had a dessert, I think it was the goat cheese crème fraiche with poached pears, pistachios and lavender honey. I didn't have any but they seemed very pleased.
It's pretty noisy here, and the attire is casual. If you are in NOLA and want French foods, I highly recommend this place.I have eaten there now two time, and I was very impressed with the food, the selection, and service. I'm my opinion the is really a 5 star establishment. 
Skip.Wow, what an incredible place! The food was delicious and the service was so astounding that everyone at our table (of 10) kept remarking on the amazing caliber. We loved Lilette and are now excited to try its sister restaurant, Exchange Alley, in our own Manhattan stomping grounds. 
As a note- one woman sitting near us said she was impressed we discovered Lilette, as it is typically a local hotspot. If it hadn't been for Hurricane Isaac, we probably wouldn't have gotten in! You should at least try. 
Thanks for a great meal!Absolutely divine. Had beet salad with goat cheese and drum fish. Also tried the escargots. The food was to die for. Best escargots I've ever had. Very cozy, good service, great food. Make a reservation as it's small!Service was a bit stiff at first, but by the time the apps came out they became warmer. Food was great and the wine sommelier made great pairing for the dinner. Overall I was impressed once we broke the barrier. I highly recommend this place, specially if you want to get away from the normal Bourbon street experience. By the way the Pigeon(squab) was excellent.When I called for New Years reservations, no one said that the menu would be prix fixe, with two choices for each course.  That would have been nice to know.  The prix fixe was $100.00 with a $50.00 wine selections with each course.  I was hoping for a romantic meal.  What we got was a table near four adults and five children around nine years old, who were having a great and silly time, and an even louder, well imbibed mother, who knew people at the table next to ours, and then stood by their table telling very loud stories that she obviously thought were hilarious.  With tip, we paid almost $400.00 for an ambiance that we could have found at Chuck-e-Cheese.  The food was quite good, but I could not relax and enjoy it due to the obnoxious group seated nearby. (There was another family there with children who were wonderful and knew how to behave in a fine restaurant).  I did speak to the hostess about it, but there wasn't much she could have done.  Food 4.5.  Not letting us know about New Years menu when we called for reservations- 2.  Atmosphere on this night-1.dined here at lilette on a friday night during another year of the best jazz fest weekend ever!   we started with a nice bottle of wine before ordering apps - i had the heirloom caprese salad, refreshing!  
i very much enjoyed my paneed black drum with Israeli cous cous, leeks, tomato and ver jus mussel butter and it was exactly what my taste buds screamed for all day! dan had the bouillabase and chris had the grilled Hawaiian fish of the day with braised escarole, sunchoke puree and satsuma-basil butter -- except for hmmm-mmm good sounds coming out of us, we were mostly quiet with little conversation during those few minutes relishing in our repast.
dessert was next w/coffee for me and brandy for chris and port for dan. we tasted the nutella custard with fleur de sel, caramel cream and chocolate-hazelnut brittle and, the quenelles of goats cheese crème fraiche with poached pears, pistachios and lavender honey with three spoons.  omg, omg! 
come to lilette and have an incredible time!We ate here for dinner last night as a walk in. I looked like we were the first people in the restaurant so we were seated immediately. The place filled up pretty quickly so you might not want to chance just walking in. Our waitress was very polite, but a little on the stiff side. We ordered like four paper plane cocktails that were delicious and strong to boot. So we started off with the sweet breads (which were excellent) and the white truffle parmigiano toast (delicious). We split the salade landaise, basically a duck leg/part of the breast over like five pieces of lettuce. Don't really think that should qualify as a salad, but yummy all the same. For our entrees we got the roasted muscovy duck breast which was good, but a little bland. Then we got some type of sautéed redfish which also was slightly bland, but the fish was cooked nice. As far as the restaurant itself its a cute place for a nice date, however be warned that many of the tables are dangerously close together so you might be listening to other peoples conversation if it's busy.One of the best restaurants in NOLA.  The boudin was delicious.  The New Zealand salmon was sushi grade wonderful.  Dessert(chocolate)was OK;with the Earl Grey ice cream was very good.  The cheese palte was good - a nice combination of French, Italian and US.  The sommelier was very.  I'd recommend taking his advice as the wine he selected was top notch- he even down-sold to a really good Greek Peloponnese white wine. Lovely outdoors.This is in the Garden District, but well worth a cab ride if you're staying near the Quarter or Convention Center. Excellent wine by the glass selection, and there is a very pleasant area at the bar, with a great view of the restaurant and street. I had a nice white bourdeaux and the shrimp appetizer. very nice blend of spices and perfectly cooked. I love steak frites, and theirs was excellent: perfectly cooked frites paired with very tender steak that is served partially sliced with a delighful sauce.
Service was great and I will definately be back!!ducked out of the rain storm after the parades on saturday and landed here for lunch.  a tasty (kobe) burger and fries, adequate potato gnocchi, and disappointing "chicken broth with leeks, tomato, parmigiano and soft poached egg."  you'd (ok, *i* would) like to think that with all those ingredients, it would taste like something.  but not so much.  not even really like a plain chicken broth.  i mean, a bowl of hot water that a chicken sat in, maybe.  but simmered?  with mirepoix and what have you?  nah.  
the other disappointment:  "Quenelles of goats cheese crème fraiche with poached pears, pistachios and lavender honey"  doesn't that sound like something special?  i couldn't taste the lavender in the honey.  there were very few pistachios and a poached pear is basically the type of pear that comes in a can.  add a lot of thick, rich, goat's milk creme fraiche to "all" of that and viola.  or blech.
had a lovely cocktail.  forget the name now.  something with the number "9" in it maybe?  
and a very helpful waitress, who steered me away from some other cocktail which had an anise-flavored liquer i was not familiar with and who also saved me from an over-priced sandwich special because she forewarned that it was rather small.  
would try them again.  i don't know that i was intrigued enough to get dressed up and make dinner reservations, though.It's New Years Eve.  This rating is for tonight and tonight only. The service was ok but the food, menu below, was short of horrible. The duck gelatine was warm and stringy, the lobster ravioli was too lemony and had a strange flavor beyond that as well as being tough, the veal was in need of a chainsaw for cutting even though supposedly medium rare and the ice cream was so frozen that a knife would not penetrate the concoction. 
The normal menu is quite nice but the special menu for tonight stretched the capabilities of the kitchen and was an epic FAIL. The price was way over the top at $100/person. Yikes!
Please don't try this again and stick to the normal menu. Also, the Christmas help needs better elves'Met with some dear, long time friends at this restaurant and, although one of our party could not make it due to some health issues - we enjoyed our time together and found Lilette to be a nice spot for our little reunion. 
For starters - we gathered a little before our reservations at Bouligny Tavern - next door - and had a few cocktails and enjoyed the nice atmosphere. The wait staff was terrific, very friendly, attentive and informative. Definitely want to come back and just spend an evening there doing Apps and Drinks....
So after a bit we wandered next door and, after getting settled in sat down for a three hour meal. And, if I can just say right off the bat - the fact that it was a three hour meal - and at no point did we feel either hurried or neglected - that says a lot to me. I understand that restaurants want to turn tables. I get that. But I also understand that when people are going to a known quantity, high class establishment - they want to be able to enjoy their evening and not be hurried or rushed. We were able to do that and I very much appreciated that. And, for our part, we understand that there is an obligation that goes with that sort of thing on the part of the customer - to show your gratitude to the staff in terms of how you tip, etc., and I trust that our "thank you" in that regard was an encouragement to them!
So....onto the meal.....
For appetizers, we had the White Truffle Parmigian Toast, the Escargot and the Sizzling Shrimp. All three of these were a home run in my book. Perfectly prepared and seasoned and presented. My only "complaint" and it's slight - was the portion size compared to the cost. I realize you're paying for craft and art, etc., but that being said, I did think that something a LITTLE more generous from the restaurant side of the equation would be a helpful change. Again, delicious food and presentation. Portion size - help us out a little.....
For my entree I selected one of the specials - Seared Wagyu Ribeye/Gremolata - Cooked medium rare, with a side of steamed spinach - it was delicious, very nicely done. Would order that again in a heartbeat. 
My companions had the Veal (good report) the Hanger Steak (also good) and the Grilled Yellowfin Tuna on English Puree with spring onion, grape tomatoes and balsamic vinaigrette. That particular entree was enjoyed, but I think did not quite live up to the expectations. Good, absolutely, but needed a little SOMETHING....
All in all - a good night. Very friendly, professional, efficient and knowledgeable wait staff. Atmosphere was elegant, but they allowed for a range in terms of attire. Decor was attractive, what I would call Old-Style New Orleans feel. Classy place.Oh, Lilette!
I confess that I like Lilette, but that many of the critical reviews are spot-on.  Service is a bit uptight and can borderline on snooty - I eat out a lot so tend to overlook this as  in the end my order is taken correctly and the service is professional. 
That said, I prefer Lilette for a leisurely lunch.  It is located on a corner and with it's large windows on two sides of the dining room is a sunny, cheerful spot.  Also, it is one of the few more upscale places open for lunch on a SATURDAY.  At night it can be quite loud if the restaurant is full of patrons. 
My main criticism is that the menu has changed very little over the past many years.  If I still lived in NOLA it would get stale, but since I only make it here 1-2 x year, I can tolerate the lack of change.   Alaskan king crab claw appetizer and hearts of palm salad are both delicious!Food was very good, especially the White Truffle Mushroom Toast.  Don't go in a rush, instead sit back and enjoy a good French Bistro experience.Lilette is far and away my favorite restaurant in New Orleans.  The food, atmosphere, and service are always fantastic.  I wish the chef would open another restaurant based on the nightly raw fish specials.  They are always cutting edge, delicious, and nothing like it is served elsewhere in the city.  The only room for improvement would be removing the paper cover over the tablecloths.  A restaurant of this caliber should not have paper covers on their tables. It cheapens the experience, and is not in line with the otherwise high quality of the food, atmosphere, and service.  Plus, similar quality restaurants along magazine are white table cloth.  Other than that one minor  critique, it is a must visit restaurant.Decent food, my steak was rare instead of medium rare but I didn't fuss, it was still good.  We had reservations for 9 but were not seated until 9:30.  I expected more for the prices.This is by far the best place to eat in the city! I ate here the other night with my wife and I can't stop talking about our experience. First the manager Louis was outstanding and knowledgable about food and wine. We started off with gnocchi and truffle toast and it was like a flavor orgy in my mouth, just wonderful. After, we got lucky and got to meet the chef Edward Charles which was a great honor. He recommend the scaloppini and poulet dish and boy did it not disappoint. This will forever be one of the best meals I have ever gotten the pleasure to enjoy. Thanks Lilette for a wonderful night!Enjoyed my daily ration of swine in style here with a sumptuous pulled pork swimming above sourdough on a puddle of white gravy. We started with some perfectly cooked gnocchi seasoned with sage butter and parmesan, that might even have topped the sandwich, barely. 
No time for desert, but from the looks of this place I'm sure it's exceptional. The upscale crowd seemed to be taking their time over a late lunch, savoring a nice midday drink. Escargot appeared to be a popular order.
I give this place four stars now and hope to return someday soon for dinner, to learn if it truly deserves that extra star.Have been three times now and it's OK, better for lunch. Obviously a very successful place, my main gripe is lack of managerial interest both in the kitchen and in the dining room. The lack of seasonality on the menu shows that no one is paying attention, and you get a smug feeling from staff as if to say: " I'm not going to work THAT hard to give great service, we're busy no matter what".
A friend recently was left waiting for her dish while ours sat there getting cold. When it did arrive, there was no explanation or sincere apology and a manager never touched the table or was even present. So lame.
It's a real pity, because Lilette could be one of those great gems that you'd go to a few times a month, but it's obvious the chef isn't really in the kitchen and the whole operation is tired.Do you want to impress your date? Make a reservation at Lilette right now! Great spot for a first date since the ambulance is romantic in a quiet manners. Sadly, I came here with my coworkers after a trusted local person suggested this place to try. This place is chic, and even with a group of coworkers, it doesn't feel overwhelming.
I got a Grilled Hanger Steak and I'm glad I made the right choice. The meat was perfectly cooked, and sauce was perfectly matched. My coworkers got other plates- escargots, salad, duck, etc., all of them looked drooling. Nutella Custard for dessert is a must! Usually it's very expensive to dine at a great French restaurant, but Lilette is too genuine with the price. The service was also attentive too. Reservation is encouraged. I have nothing to complain about this place. 5+ stars!Came here with a large group and the staff (after being accommodating over the phone) seemed annoyed that we actually showed up. Service was mediocre and the food was overpriced. Some of the dishes were very good (i.e. braised beef cheeks, NY steak), while others were subpar. I made the mistake of ordering a heart of palm salad, it is a waste of whatever price they charge (small and tasteless). The ambiance is nice and the garden district is worth seeing if you are visiting NOLA. Decent, but pricey, wine selection. Overall, just ok.We were a large group and they were very accommodating and patient. Food was delicious and creative with perfect portions. Great service. Noise level made conversation difficult but they had a crowd! Great place.Had dinner here Saturday on a date with my husband.  We arrived right after our 8:30pm reservation, and we're told to have a seat at the bar since our table was not quite ready.  Almost 45 minutes later we found ourselves at a small table in the center of the restaurant, not ideal and very loud.  If recommend requesting a table near the windows.  It took our sever quite some time to come over and we ended up ordering when we were greeted for the first time. I had the chilled crab and avocado corn broth which was absolutely amazing.  My husband started off with the king crab claws which were also phenomenal. Soon after the manager stopped by and apologized for the wait and for possibly skipping us over.  He offered us a round of drinks on the house to which we were pleasantly surprised.  Drinks were great! Try the Alberto cocktail! And I had a glass of Rosé, however perfect, I do not recall the make.  I had the hanger steak, and it was cooked perfectly! My husband had the veal which looked and tasted fantastic.  Oh, and a scoop of ice cream for dessert! I cannot tell you how amazing the food was! Bravo chef!
So as we pull off with full bellies, we notice that we actually were charged for the "complimentary" round of drinks offered by the restaurant.  Uhghhh....
We will probably return for the food, and the mixologist behind the bar! But certainly not for the service. This was our second experience here!We always enjoy a meal at Lilette when we're in New Orleans and this was no exception.  The food was great - the wine recommended was tasty and the service was terrific.  Don't miss the gnocchi appetizer and the beet salad with goat cheese & nuts!OK, it has been a long time since I have been back to NO. so maybe I am biased. The food was terrific! I had a great black drum with greens, nice old fashioned cocktails along side and efficient, friendly service. Pink lady tart tatin to top it off. Will definitely return next trip, now I remember why I loved living in this state! Good food, good atmosphere, good music, wonderful waling neighborhood - what else do you need for a nice evening out?According to the restaurant's website, in 2004, Travel and Leisure called Lilette the sexiest dining room in New Orleans.  
Sexiest as in what? The food dining is sexy or the decor is good enough for some intimacy?  I dont agree with you anyways Travel and Leisure. It aint sexy at all, but the food is damn skipping.
So on another lunch adventure, friend and I decided to go to Lilette.  Im so glad that Lilette is a success after the paella place failed.   
We were the first ones there for lunch but the hostess put us at a crappy table. At that point I didnt care, but as I noticed her proceed to fill up all of the banquettes along the wall and the windows with other people who did not have reservations, I bitched to friend.  "what's up with that? yellow people aint good enough to sit at the booths I suppose." After those areas filled up, and the hostess sat a couple, one on both sides of our tiny cramped table, 
Next time I will ask in a firm voice for a table that I want to sit at not at some cramped table where all of our plates wouldnt even fit.  Dont make me get hood up in that place.  
At any rate, the food was great and our server sucked.  
I highly recommend the antipasta plate.  That alone would have been my meal along with an order of the potato gnocchi.  The burrata alone was good enough for me. Ooooohhhhh weeeeeeee creamy goodness.  In addition to the first 2, have the escargot, but I asked for a side order of minced garlic because it was not garlicky enough for me.  When I added the garlic to the escargot dish, it was divine.  Sop up the buttery garlic goodness with the bread they keep passing out.  So good. Also, sop up some of the parmigiano cream sauce from the gnocchi dish....oohhhh lawdie!!!
Didnt even have room for the veal cheeks. 
Yums to the yums.  
Parking is offstreet, watch out at night especially if you are parked on the side of the river as oppose to the side of St Charles.  Credit card and cash.  Great for small groups, secret rendez-vous and light bites.  Dress code is dressy jeans, that means no Affliction t-shirts. 
Id advise you to make reservations in advance because it fills up quickly sometimes.  If you have to wait, go next door to their bar, which is open only for dinner.  
Lunch Tues-Sat 11-2
Dinner Tues-Thus  5:30-9:30
              Fri & Sat - 5:30-10:30Was in NOLA for a conference, and Lilette was recommended by a friend-of-a-friend who lives in NOLA.  What an exceptional dining experience.  Cocktails were perfect.  You've got to have the crab claw appetizer.  Kobe strip was out-of-this-world and everyone else's dishes were perfect.  Wait staff was some of the best I've had.  Housed in a funky, but meticulous old apothecary.  One of the better dining experiences I've had this year.The appetizers and desserts here are so ridiculously good. (The mains are good, but it's hard to compete with the others.) Here are somethings I had to eat that I will remember when I'm on my death bed: bone marrow brochette, poached egg in chicken soup, and basil sauce on ice cream for dessert. This is a great place to take a date. Again, I recommend sticking with the apps and desserts. Service was perfect as well.Decent portions, possibly a tad overpriced. The Drum was phenominal.  Came with a party of four we were in and out in under an hour. It was delicious food nothing crazy memorable, but would absolutely go back.I have been here twice and absolutely love it. Both times, the service, food and entire experience were perfect. I would say this is one of my most favorite restaurants ever.
Appetizers are very small, so sharing amongst many people can result in one bite each. But it will be a memorable bite! Based on yelp suggestions, we had the mushroom toast and the house made gnocci. The sauce over the mushroom toast was so so good - my mouth is watering just thinking about it! If there is one thing on the menu not to miss, it's the mushroom toast! The gnocci was wonderful as well - they make the gnocci daily. The sauce was super rich creamy goodness. So so good!
I have two coworkers that love the raw salad. It is a crunchy mix of raw vegies with a yummy dressing. They swear it is the best thing in the world. I tried it and liked it, but had to try other things. One time, I had the caprese salad that was on special - it was just as good as the real deal in Italy. The second time, I had the roasted tomato soup with roasted vegies on top. The soup was full of surprise flavors from all the different roasted vegies. I loved it.  One friend had the mussels to start and the broth was so so good. I wish I had ordered that!
For entrees, one of my friends always gets whatever the special fish is. She has never been disappointed. I ordered the duck the first time and it was heavenly. The second time, I had the Hanger Steak, which was equally delish - you could cut the steak with a butter knife - it was that tender. And the sauce in the hanger steak is similar to the sauce on the mushroom toast. All in all a great experience.
The wine list and cocktail menu are great - lots of interesting choices.
I highly highly recommend this place!!!!Ate lunch yesterday. This was my sixth visit to this restaurant for lunch over the last 3 years. The food was excellent. Had a combination of explosive flavors. Beets with goat cheese, escargot, hanger steak, chocolate brownie. Also had great service.
Would love to know where they get their bread?This is as good as it gets for lunch on a rainy afternoon in the Garden District of NOLA.  I had the sizzling shrimp with oregano and lemon juice - fabulous.  My entree was a pulled pork sandwich with aioli and fries.  The pork was marinated and cooked to perfection.  
Service was outstanding from Louis.
So far this is at the top of my list for mid day dining.  I shall return for dinner.What a great experience my wife and I had at dinner on 23 Aug!  Everything clicked. Food, service, surroundings all contributed to a wonderful dining experience.My wife had the Marinated Spanish Anchovies, the Braised Lamb, and the Artisanal Cheese Plate for dessert. I had the Daily Crudo di Pesce, Sauteed Drum, and Goat Cheese Creme Fraiche for dessert. Round out dinner with a pair of Lilette Rouge and Boulvardier cocktails each and a glass of wine each. Jesse M provided excellent service and the place was packed!Lovely birthday dinner, the coconut cake !! You  must leave room for the coconut cake. I almost took an additional order back home with me . Lovely service lovely atmosphere lovely.my pasta was great too and my husband really enjoyed his hanger steak too. Lots of birthday celebrations that night too if fellow cancers who love a cozy home like atmosphere like it here you should trust us. This place is perfect for your next romantic or low key dinner. I will be back next visit and I will have 2 coconut cakes next time save room for sureMy favorite restaurant on Magazine st! Food here is always food. I tried the rabbit, the duck and steak! Always delicious. Drinks are good and good selection of wine. You need to have reservations to dine in. You should try it:)This was a truly amazing meal.  There were however a few unusual things about it. To start with the good, I had two meat dishes, including a veal cheek salad that actually, literally melted in my mouth, I did not chew it.  There was a gin sage julep in the mix which was great. Actually, my girlfriend  and I didn't speak to each other much during the meal for focusing on food.  The escargot was amazing and my dessert was something involving a nutella brioche that I would eat until my heart popped.  Its funny to read the other reviews because it wasn't until the next day after dining that I realized that the staff was kind of rude.  My girlfriend still didn't notice  because the food was so good.  Being from Seattle, we are used to apathetic crappy service.  This was a different kind of professionalism as if we were dinning incorrect.  I'm not going to itemize these things, save to say that,  before "hello" upon entering a mostly empty restaurant, we were greeted with "do you have a reservation?"  To wrap it up, (bluntly) no one will give a shit how good your food is if you are rude, I feel like shit on any given day and i don't need help.  I suggest you go to Lillette, with a box of chocolates, flowers and a credit card with a post it note about a 25% auto grat, hand it to the host, sit down and order a profoundly delicious and decadent dinner knowing that you have set a good example of how to play nice.In terms of food - this is one of the best you can get in New Orleans, really. 
Came here on a Thursday night last week - the restaurant is located in a cute building on the always trendy Magazine street - street parking is easy to find. Inside is a small, intimate dining room with the walls maroon and with large chalkboards dictating the specials and drinks. 
Only a few negative things I have to say before I start off about the positive - the specialty drinks are not very good. We each had a different specialty drink (mind you I can't remember what they were because we left the restaurant completely shitfaced) - but they were all each too bitter, too sweet, or too strong. I know I had one with champagne in it and the others had something similar to a mint juliep - it got us a buzz quick though but we had to hold our noses and make funny faces gulping these drinks down. It's a weird thing - all of the fancy restaurants in New Orleans - really don't have good specialty cocktails. 
The wine list is somewhat extensive with a focus on French whites and reds. 
Other problem is that while the wait staff is friendly and attentive - the one waiter I had didn't seem to know too much about the food and with a restaurant at this price range and caliber I would expect to have some simple questions answered (how many ounces is in this portion, etc) on hand - but he may have been new. But this is just a minor issue. 
Another minor issue is that even though asking for bottled water they went ahead and poured tap in our glasses without asking if we wanted another bottle. Even though I know that many people make the odd choice to switch to tap when first ordering bottled (what's the point of ordering bottled water in the first place?) - they should keep track of that better. Again, nitpicking. 
For appetizers - king crab claws in a passionfruit butter was absolutely probably the best crab I've ever eaten. Decadent, sweet, buttery - hit the marks. Also had the sweet and sticky short ribs - while extremely tender and melt in your mouth arrived cold but still good nonetheless. White truffle toast was good as well. We also had the cheese plate - which is for the brave since apparently they choose some pretty ballsy cheeses - there's this one bleu cheese which is possibly the strongest bleu I have ever tasted. 
For entrees we had the nightly specials - I had an Australian kobe beef steak with duck fat roasted potatoes while my dining partners had the Alaskan Halibut with sautéed veggies. Looking back I wouldn't have paid 45 dollars for that steak but it was well cooked and the potatoes were pretty tasty. The Halibut was absolutely melt in your mouth good. 
For the dessert there is this goat cheese creme fraiche with a poached pear - a perfect, light and airy end to a good meal. 
Near perfect meal - with just a few nitpicking and (to be honest) crappy cocktails - but the food - especially those king crab claws - pretty memorable.This place is good for lunch and has goo quality food and pretty fast service for lunch. Only suggestion for change would be for them to list cheese on the menu description if it comes with it.Great Food. Rude servers, incompetent manager. Asked four times for a drink, never offered dessert weak manager lets inmates run the asylum. First $0 tip ever. Shake my head.Yesterday, for lunch on her birthday, I took my beloved to Lilette for our first visit there. She had wanted to go to this restaurant for a long time. As soon as we were asked for our drinks, I grasped that this was not the delightful place we had hoped. I asked if they had lemonade, and the person replied in a sullen tone, "Well, I can make you some." 
Five minutes later, the waiter (a different person) appeared, and slouched beside our table, then mumbled as he told us with no enthusiasm about a special item. He asked if we wanted a few minutes, which we did. He returned about ten minutes later. He seemed throughout our meal to be either extremely bored, unhappy to see us, or simply having a very bad day.
Our food was good, not great. When we left, it seemed we were welcome ... to leave. Until the last ten minutes, there was only one other occupied table, so there was no issue of there not being enough staff.Our local friends highly recommended this place and it didn't disappoint.  I would say 4.5 stars.  Every dish was unique and delicious. 
We started with
- white truffle toast with mushroom.  Heavenly blend of flavors. Every mouthful was a treat
- grilled prawns in lemon vinaigrette.  It came with 4 prawns with head included.  I ate all the heads as it contains the best shrimp oil.  ;-) We loved it so much we saved the sauce to dip our bread in.
Next were the sun choke soup and the heart of palm salad.  We chose it because we didn't what to expect.   Soup was light than potato soup and really flavorful.  Salad was crisp and clean.  Love the thinly sliced Parmesan cheese on top. 
For main entree  we shared the hanger steak.  Omg.  Never had beef so tender.  Usually I think hanger steak is like a staple.  Done medium and good.  This was special.  A better cut of meat starved medium rare.  I had to asked for it to bring up a temperature a little. And they did it perfectly without affecting the tenderness. 
For dessert, we had the vanilla panna cotta with Apple ginger sorbet. Light and refreshing. A perfect finish.Had dinner here and it was excellent. Definitely recommended for exquisitely prepared food. The place is nice, so you may wish to avoid being too casual. Very well located for a pleasant stroll on Magazine after dinner. We found the staff to be cordial and informative.Had dinner for the first time here and I am happy to say it was just as great as lunch. The escargot appetizer was served on bread instead of in its own escargot plate, which would've been a nice/unique touch. The escargot, duck confit, and veal cheek appetizers were all well-prepared and served with fresh greens (confit and veal) which was a welcome addition! 
The ahi tuna special was AMAZING. The fish was expertly cooked - medium rare, crispy outside and tender inside, with a nice flake. The pureed sunchoke was out of this world - I have never had something like that before. The broccoli was nicely charred/grilled, and the citrus beurre-blanc (?) sauce truly complimented everything.10/10!
But, PLEASE BRING BACK THE NUTELLA CUSTARD! Our waitress told us that hazelnuts negatively impact the rainforest and so the dessert was removed from the menu? Interesting and understandable I suppose... but that dessert was truly what I was looking forward to having again. I was so disappointed. 
My only other complaint would be that the tables have paper on them which makes the meal feel less fancy, despite the atmosphere and type of diner this restaurant attracts.Place is absolute fire. Went with a party of 5 and we all really enjoyed our meals. While people always like to say New Orleans has some of the best restaurants, I have definetly had some less than optimal experiences, but not here. 
I ordered the gnocchi and the duck breast entree. This was some of the best gnocchi I have ever had, no cap. The duck...insanely good. 
Not really going to dive more into it because everything was legitimately perfect. Everyone dresses fancy here, so keep that in mind when you come. 
P.S.: My friend got yelled at by some dude for being "too loud" when we were literally just having a conversation. So, expect some fancy shmancy people. 
Regardless, go here.Just dined here again for the umpteenth time last night.
The Muscovy duck is sublime-- and the mushroom escargots appetizer as well.  The very expensive bouillabaise is worth it.  The restaurant is highly recommended by nearly all who dine here.  A bit noisy and festive-- that's the mood.  The service in impeccable, without being "overly attentive", which can become annoying. John Harris is an excellent chef.  We chose a Wednesday night, as weekends can be very crowded and popular.  Lunches are more relaxed during the week-- and it's always fun to spend an afternoon exploring Magazine Street.  If you can't book a reservation here, try some similar places: Patois, Coquette and La Petite Grocery-- or even Vizard's.  You won't be disappointed at any of these :-)  All high caliber, fashionable, delicious, creative food, and fine service.We came here for lunch. Service was a bit slow (no water or waiter for about 10 mins) food took awhile to come out but it was delicious. The escargot was great (I got a little grit in one) but the flavor and texture otherwise was the best I've ever had. I had a cream based soup and we split a Kobe burger. The burger was fantastic as were the fries with it. Cute little place. The food was rich but good.I had not been to Lilette in years...largely because I no longer live in New Orleans. We went last night and it was absolutely delicious. All of the rock stars are still on the menu--the gnocchi, the sizzling shrimp, the beet salad...among others. I think the beet salad is the best to be had anywhere. Oh, and the champagne cocktail is perfect.Have been coming to Lilette for almost a decade, whenever I roll into town.  A good friend from New Orleans originally put the place on my radar screen, and have never had anything other than a great experience here.  Had a dinner for 10 last night and the restaurant handled the large table flawlessly.  Service was outstanding.  Food was great across the board.  Super wine service, with great recommendations of reasonably priced bottles that paired well with the various orders. I highly recommend this little Garden District gem.This is a beautiful restaurant. Atmosphere is perfect. Food is impeccable. Service and wait staff wasn't as attentive as we expected from this class of restaurant. Could have been a busy night. Would definitely give them a second chance though.Beautiful dining room. Fantastic neighborhood. Food selection was diverse and tasty. Specials of fish and steak were really good.This review pertains to trying to do something special for my sister on her wedding day. For a variety of very sad reasons, my sister had a private ceremony for her wedding (we are planning a big party later). I found out they were going out for drinks (at the W) and then dinner at Lilette. I called ahead and left my CC information with instructions to pay for dinner with a 20% tip at both locations. While the bar managed to pull it off perfectly, Lilette just completely dropped the ball. Nothing. At all. When I called this morning, the reservationist or host (whomever answered the phone), told me that all the right notes were in the file and that someone dropped the ball. No apology until I asked for one at the very end.  Very disappointed and nothing really to be done as the moment is gone.Food was excellent - very well prepared with nice presentation. Service was very good as well. Only drawback was the place is a little small creating a loud atmosphere and a little pricey too. Other than that it was terrificBooked this for a late night meal with a friend, made a reservation on open table for 10:00pm. The food was amazing, she got the steak and I got the squab. We started with crab claws and they were delicious. The fries she got with her steak were perfection -- crispy but squishy inside, perfectly seasoned. The perfect french pomme frites! We got a bottle of Châteauneuf-du-Pape, and it was gorgeous. Our dessert was the flourless chocolate cake, it was yummy. We opted to sit at the bar (reasoning coming up) and the bartender Rob was so friendly and attentive. The one negative was that the host who let us in seemed annoyed that we came in so late (there were available reservations at 10:15 too!), and basically pushed us to sit at the bar. He was a little sassy with us and eyed us a bunch. Meh, we didn't rush because we paid for an expensive meal (worth every penny) and bought an pricey-ish bottle. Not gonna knock it a star bc I will return and everyone has bad days!Just ate at several truly excellent restaurants in NOLA (Cochon, Stella!, Luke, Herbsaint, Patois) over 5 days and, for my money, the single best one was Lilette.  The food is very creative and prepared meticulously, the wait staff is excellent, and the ambience is nearly perfect.  This restaurant could be dropped into LA, SF, Seattle, Boston, etc. and it would compare favorably with their best.  Yes, it's that good.
We had a 9:15pm reservation on a Friday night and snuck in a bit early, although things were still very busy.  The single room is very pretty and laid out in a Parisian bistro fashion, meaning you're not going to get a lot of elbow room.  Not a problem, just cozy.
The wine list here shows a lot of thought.  I doubt you'd go wrong with anything.  We had the Loire white they were serving by the glass and it went very well with everything.
The menu has lots of temptations, and I was glad when our waiter assured me that we could both manage 3 courses, which turned out to be true.  If there's one thing I *hate* about many restaurants today, it's how fast they bring out the next course.  I'm a glutton, but I need a breather.  This is no problem at Lilette - the pacing was just right.
Voila, les plats:
White truffle parmigiano toast with wild mushrooms,
marrow and veal glace - Truly transcendent and my favorite dish of the evening.  You have several ingredients with very strong flavors, but they don't compete.  I would've eaten 4 of these if they were in front of me.
Alaskan king crab claws with passion fruit butter - Very inventive and the favorite of my dinner partner.  The butter is a light sauce with just enough of the sweetness of the passion fruit to complement the very fresh crab claws.  Really spectacular.
Chicken broth with leeks, tomato, parmigiano and soft poached egg - Someone I know loves poached eggs, so she got this.  The broth is flavorful, but we agreed that this isn't Lilette's knockout dish.
Braised veal cheeks with baby greens and horseradish vinaigrette  - I ordered this partly because of all the mentions it got in other Yelp reviews.  The veal is perfect, slow-cooked to the point where it barely holds up to a fork.  Unmissable.
Sauteed grouper with steamed fennel, baby beets and Lillet rouge - I liked this, but perhaps was already overwhelmed by my previous choices.  The grouper was done to perfection, but I wasn't in love with the dish.  Because...
Grilled hanger steak with fries and
marrowed bordelaise - If you call yourself a bistro, you better be able to cook a steak properly.  Lilette's is one of the best I've had anywhere: seared nicely, very tender, and with a bordelaise sauce that is exactly right.  Another stellar dish.
Coconut sorbet with sherry poached dates and pistachio-orange cookies - Lovely end to a great meal.  The sorbet is delicious.
Tab around $150.  Seemed like a bargain to both of us after the single best meal we had in New Orleans.  I strongly recommend to John Harris, the chef at Lilette, that he pick up and move to the Bay Area as soon as possible, or I'll only have the memories...Had a great lunch here when I was on a ladies only trip in October. We came on the recommendation of a friend who is a local and it did not disappoint. I had a delicious and perfectly seasoned bowl of crab corn chowder. Large lumps of fresh crab fashioned into a cake sits in the middle - I am wishing for it right now. The fries I swiped off of my friend's plate were quite tasty too and served with a gremolata -yum!. She got the Kobe beef burger and said it was cooked just the way she likes. 
Each of the 6 of us thoroughly enjoyed our meals. There was a great wine selection and interesting array of desserts like poached pears, bread puddings and nutella concoctions. 
Prices for lunch range from $9 for apps and an average of $15 for an entree with a few dishes (steak) in the higher price range. Come here when you want to have a leisurely lunch away from the hustle and bustle of Bourbon St.Not what we expected for a classy pricy dinner. We got in on time but there was no table ready or reserved, they send us to next door bar to wait and the request of the window never happen. Once inside we notice a factory mess-hall and food not cook to request, medium well is not medium rare. Food presentation was awful. I think is a locals hang out that only gets busy by night. If far from classy. Wanabe yes!!! Paper on the table cloth, come on. My waitress was the best I, seen there, oh yeah and the soups.A great restaurant with a wonderful menu.  After reading several yelp reviews, we tried Lilette.  The pappardelle with mushrooms as an appetizer amazing.  The lamb was so tender and delicious.  For dessert we shared a hazelnut mousse which was rich and delicious.  
Definitely try Lilette when you're in New Orleans you won't be disappointed.I'm sorry, but I'm not getting some of the poor reviews on this place. This was my first meal in New Orleans, but living in NYC I'm accustomed to eating out at some amazing restaurants. This place was phenomenal. While some of the portions were small, the quality of the food was fantastic and the food was delicious. Glad we dropped in!It's a fine dining restaurant with service to match. Our waiter was outstanding and professional.
We ordered about 4 appetizers which were all delicious and very tasty.
The portions though are not that a big. 
Would definitely recommend this restaurant.I first came here 2 years ago and was not impressed. Of the over 200 restaurants I've been to in New Orleans, this is always the first that comes to mind when I hear "poor service." My friends and I weren't dressed as nice as the other guests who were there for a wedding, so the the staff seemed to cold shoulder us. They were inattentive to our needs and came off as uninterested. The food was fine, but it is everywhere in New Orleans--not enough to get me to come back. 
I hope the staff has changed since I last came, but looking at other reviews it seems like it hasn't. I was interested to read that others had experience with snobby waiters as well. 
I generally don't have issues with servers, but I'm shocked, Lilette. Take the hint and get rid of the problem servers. No one wants to spend $100 a person to get scoffed at.i expected a lot better from lilette..I've been many times, mostly lunch. I have never liked the service..very uptight..know-it-all kind of waiters that seem to think they are better than the customers. My last time was a few weeks ago and it shall be the last time. Worst waitress ever..verging on smart ass, I tried to roll with it but I can only take so much from incompetence. The open face cod sandwich was awful, truly awful..it was a piece of battered cod on some bread with the ubiquitous pesto that is somehow worked into most dishes. The batter was unseasoned and fried in oil that hadn't reached temperature yet, I ate the fish and left the battered shell, when our waitress asked if everything was okay, for the first time in my life I told her that the fish was awful and told her why, she simply said "huh" and walked away. I guess she took it personally, but I would expect better from a waitress in an uptight high falutin place like this. Even the people next to us had issues with her, a lot of the same issues we had and we had a conversation about it. I am now totally turned off of this place. and if you don't like pesto, steer clear.The tables are too close together. The bread was cold and hard as a rock. The shrimp tasted like muddy water. I did not personally like the hanger steak but I know others that love it. The drum was bland but edible.Lilettes...a lilet-down.  This place came highly recommended and the menu looked promising.  Unfortunately the service, managerial staff, and food ranked high in pretentiousness and low in quality.
To give you some kind of framework, 4 of us ordered an array of food dishes that included 5 appetizers, 2 soups, and 2 entrées.  
The pros:  the escargot was exceptional.  Perfectly cooked and the sauce complimented it nicely.  The grilled beets with goat cheese and walnuts was simple but flavorful.  Not a grilled taste but a nice creamy goat cheese.  The hearts of palm had a nice citrus vinaigrette but had 1 texture.
The cons:  the waitress (christine) was laughably unhelpful.  We were the only patrons and she still didn't want to take the time to guide us through any favorites.  She distinctively recommended to try appetizers and entrées, not anything specific, just in general.  The marlin special, described as delicate, was overpowered by a citrus/vinegar sauce that was too powerful for any of the components to enjoy.  The Italian wedding soup was unimpressive with a lack of seasoning and balance of ingredients.  The green soup looked beautiful but was over salted.  The menu offered short ribs which consisted of a singular short rib ( to be fair it had a nice crust on it) and a small layer of unseasoned potato.  Over priced and under delivered.  We then shared 2 entrées; the flounder and the hanger steak.  The flounder was mushy with the consistency of the wilted spinach accompanying it.  The steak was cooked a perfect medium-rare but served lukewarm.  While waiting for the check I noticed a fruit fly had made it to the table.  I quietly told the manager upon leaving and he was surprised and a little offended.  His response was "I guess we'll take care of it".  
Bottom line, don't waste your money here.  Go down the street to Coquette (see that review) or across town to Cochon.I've been a fan of Lilette since it first opened. At that time, there was a dish on the menu consisting of sautéed shrimp with satsuma sauce, sugar snap peas and polenta. This dish just sang- every element worked together. I loved it so much, I nicknamed it "sex on a plate." I don't know why, but "sex on a plate" was taken off the menu years ago (too simple?). I have been waiting for it to reappear ever since. If Chef John Harris had only named it that and had kept it on the menu, he'd be far more famous.
In the meantime, I have found new favorite dishes. I think Lilette has one of the best duck entrees in the city. I love the corn soup with crab and avocado. I also like the eggplant appetizer, although the last time I had it (earlier this year), the eggplant was not sliced quite thin enough to be "crisps" (so not as good as I remembered). The flank steak is always good, as are any of the fish dishes. Additionally, Lilette has a very talented pastry chef who makes fantastic desserts.
Lilette is great for dates or small groups. It's also perfect for a fancy lunch. The ambiance is classic French bistro and very swanky. Regardless of whether or not you are an Uptowner, if you want to dine like one, head to Lilette for a fabulous meal.In an attempt to get off the beaten track, hubby researched and found Lilette. We made late night reservations and set out in a cab to find dinner. First of all, it really was further from the Quarter than I thought, but we had no problem getting there.
We started with the gnocchi and duck confit which though two separate dishes, should seriously be considered as an entire entree. They worked so well together and were definitely the stand out point of the evening. If I ever go back Lilette, I would order these together for dinner. 
For my entree I had the bouillabaisse. I wasn't overly impressed with the flavor or quality of the seafood. At $37, it was probably the most expensive dish on the menu and I was left wanting a little "more" in respect to wow factor. 
Though this isn't an overly upscale place I did expect a little more from the service. Overall, the service was a little too casual. With long stretches between seeing our waiter and a kind of overly casual demeanor when we did encounter him, I felt a little too left alone. 
Though nothing bad stands out here, I don't think either of us really had an overwhelmingly to-the-moon experience at Lilette. It was definitely worth a first try but with so many great options for food and new places to try in New Orleans I don't think it made the cut for round two...I had high hopes for this restaurant. Poorly cooked and bland food. What a disappointmentAs a chef, you sometimes walk into a restaurant and think to yourself, "Whoa.. I want to own a place like this someday" A restaurant where the service matches the ambiance and the ambiance matches the food. After many years of cooking and traveling, Chef John Harris has found a home at 3637 Magazine Street. Chef Harris' vision has turned into a reality named 'Lilette'.
For the first course we had the Braised Veal Cheeks with Baby Greens and Horseradish Vinaigrette. The Veal Cheeks were cooked and seasoned perfectly. Only one problem, the portion size.. it's never enough!! But still very good!
The first of the two entrees was the Roasted Muscovy Duck Breast with Creamy Polenta, Fennel and Coriander Jus. The combinations of the rich Roasted Duck along with the Fennel and Coriander really set it off.. And the finish it off with the Creamy Polenta helped to mellow it all out very nicely. The second entree was the Pan roasted Alaskan Cod with Mushrooms, Roasted Potatoes and Marsala Butter. I loved everything about this dish! The crispy, tender and moist Cod left nothing to be desired..the rustic sauce along with the mushrooms and roasted spuds were all definitely worthy of praise..