Again for those that see my review I only give 5 stars after multiple trips.   This local pho shop has an eclectic regular clientele that is loyal for a reason.   Great food and very nice staff. 
The ingredients are so fresh.   I had bun beef because I was not phongry. That is pho hungry.   
Highly recommend stopping in.There was a hair in my girlfriends rice. Staff is really nice, food is mediocre. We just were in city an wanted a quick bite to eat an with the good ratings, we thought we were gonna be plesaently surpirsed. We were not. More than likely won't come back.I love this place. I've started coming here once a week when my craving for bún gets too strong to resist. The staff is sweet, attentive, but also leaves you alone and allows you to really enjoy the food without having to constantly reassure them that, "Everything's fine, food's great!" Which is good when you're constantly chowing down on a mouthful of vermicelli noodles.
I am not an expert on Vietnamese food in the slightest, so I don't know about the authenticity of the cuisine; all I know is it's good, fast, and a healthier option for lunch or dinner on Magazine.After spending the better part of a week indulging in gluttony, New Orleans-style, we were looking for something light, fresh, casual, and inexpensive. Our local friend pointed us to Lilly's. She said the woman who used to do here nails at the salon had opened a great Vietnamese restaurant.
As soon as we walked in we were greeted by an energetic, friendly woman (Lilly herself?). It was like dining at the home of your favorite aunt; she was pleasantly chatty, enthusiastic, and attentive.
We started out with the spring rolls, which were light and refreshing (these are the ones with soft rice paper, not fried). For our main course I had the grilled beef vermicelli and my girlfriend got the shrimp salad. I'm usually skeptical of ordering salads at Asian restaurants because they often seem to be throw-aways designed to make the menu more friendly to a western eye, but this one was delicious. The shrimp were grilled perfectly and it had a great sweet-spicy-smoky dressing (wish I knew what was in it).
Attention to detail set Lilly's apart. Lightly fried slivers of garlic, perfectly grilled shrimp, fresh chunks of strawberry in the salad -- all the ingredients were carefully selected and prepared lovingly. For a fresh, casual lunch you couldn't do much better.So yummy! Spicy tofu banh mi rocks, along with the rainbow spring rolls. Service can be a little slow, but it's worth it for the quality of food.
Their pho is also always good. ALWAYS.I doubted I could find flavorful pho in New Orleans, but boy was I wrong. The beef pho broth is 10x richer and more savory than any I've tried in the San Francisco Bay Area. Really hit the spot after a week of eating nothing but biscuits, gumbo, and blood marys.
The owner, Lilly, was so kind to us, even ordering us a cab so that we'd make it to our next engagement on time. 
Clean bathrooms.
Would come here again in a heartbeat!This place quite simply has the best pho I've ever tasted, and I have had it all over the city. The crab rangoons were also pretty spectacular.  Other than that,  the service was prompt and accurate, despite the fact that the dining room quite literally was completely full within 10 minutes of our arrival. If you are looking for a quick, non-pretenious Vietnamese restaurant, this is the place for you.The Pho Ga here is excellent best I've had outside of Vietnam.  The service is not so great.  All the food (appetizers, entrees, etc) came to the table at the same time with the exception of one of our companion's entree (he had to wait quite a while) .  The waitress apologized, but it was still a bit frustrating.  Communication with staff can be an issue as most are non-native english speakers so we had to work a little at getting the everything sorted out.  
Despite the problems, I will definitely return.  If you don't have patience, don't go.  If you do, you will enjoy a great vietnamese meal.3.5 stars
Some people have no clue how to eat Vietnamese food.  Lilly's is packed for lunch,  I've definitely never seen so many white people at a Vietnamese restaurant, and a good many of them seem clueless about Viet food but determined to eat it nonetheless.  That's a spirit worthy of admiration.  Now if they would actually try a bit of the sauce instead of eating plain dry vermicelli, or use the soup spoon when they eat pho, they would get a lot more out of the experience.  Perhaps the server should explain a bit or have a quick intro written into the menu. 
I was glad I got the vermicelli instead of the pho, which did not look appetizing.  The vermicelli was good.  But again, compared to other cities, the food is about average and a few dollars overpriced.  But you would be paying for the clean and modern atmosphere over the sticky floor and tacky setup of your average Viet place.So disappointed...pho broth was just ok and they really skimped out on the beef brisket. My husband's bahn mi pork sandwich was mostly bread again with very little meat. We've had much better bahn mi and pho in Philly/NY/NJ area and were excited to try the local Vietnamese influence. Sadly did not live up to the hype.Great and authentic Vietnamese food in lower garden district. Delicious vegan pho and many other options for vegans -which is hard to find in Nola! Awesome service. Very attentive. This place is pho-nomenal !!!!Very friendly, prompt, and attentive service. So far I've only tried the tofu bahn mi & the spicy tofu. Both are excellent, but splurge on the spicy if you like spicy things, the sauce is excellent! This is my go-to Vietnamese place in the LGD.Best pho place in town! Their food was delicious and customer service was excellent. I just loved how friendly everyone was!I went to Lilly's recently with my daughter and had lunch. Generally when I do Vietnamese I'm going for something lighter. I usually order summer rolls and Pho.
That is exactly what I ordered that day and it was wonderful. The summer rolls were very fresh tasting and a delicious peanut dipping sauce accompanied them. I ordered the spicy shrimp pho and was not disappointed. There were lots of shrimp and the broth was hot and was very flavorful.
The ambience is great...the staff kind and helpful and the place is gaining popularity by the number of people we saw coming and going.
I could easily eat here twice a week, plus when I do I feel like I'm being good to my body...yeah for Lilly'sThis was our first time eating there. My sons and I enjoyed our meal. Quick and friendly service. Its close to their schools so they had a nice dinner out. We love pho and Lilly's is a nice place to get your fix.Fast and attentive service! Delicious spring rolls, house made strawberry lemonade, pho, banh mi, and one of my favorite vermicelli bowls in town!This place is overrated. 4.5 stars on yelp should say something about this place. Went here for dinner with some friends and everything tastes average. The best thing  on the menu is the ca phe sua da, but really, you can get great coffee at any other place. Not to mention the atmosphere and environment. It's too small and tight thats its very uncomfortable to enjoy dinner.Yum! Always great service. At first they seemed to be upset that I wanted a fork for the vermicelli but now they know me (I guess?) and a fork accompanies the chopsticks with the order. I feel the love! The vermicelli tastes great and the chicken is so tender.  I have to say that is the only thing I have ever ordered here so I can't comment on anything else.Delicious Vietnamese food- simple but ample menu- even as a vegan I am spoilt for choice with apps and entrees. My favourite is the Pho- very reasonable price and massive portion so much I get a to go box and have another meal at home! 
Prompt service even though the place is obviously popular so usually busy. Ginger tea here is really good too!Delicious pho for when you're tired of eating po boys and fried oysters. The broth is delicious and you can tell the meat is a little higher quality than what a lot of pho places use.The pho here is magical. It is definitely the best tasting base soup I've had in pho in the city. The combo pho is great, although the meatball has weird amounts of gristle. The rice with spicy tofu is also great. The tofu is incredibly tasty, has good texture, and goes great with the rest of the ingredients added on to the rice to make a great dish. 
The staff is also very friendly. The pho chef sometimes comes out to greet me and check on the quality of the pho. There is little pretension here, just good food and good people.
I highly recommend it for people looking for Vietnamese food in New Orleans.Since the departure of Pho Tau Bay I've been at a lost for a good Pho and Báhn Mi. Lily's surely delivers on both.
Last time I stopped by was during a very busy dinner service to try their vegan spicy tofu Bánh Mi which was rated as one of the top 15 in the city. It was delicious! Vegetables and bun were fresh and tofu delivered on the heat. 
The Phos are also very good and nice size and I swear that kitchen works at warp speed. 
Good for lunch, dinner dates or large gatherings.Service here is good and very attentive. They gave me input on what was good and what was not.
The pho was delicious with no msg. Jasmine tea was very refreshing as well. 
Owner came out and spent some time w us giving us insight on top tourist destinations in the area. 
Very friendly staff, good food, affordable prices.Fantastic space, fresh ingredients, delightful service. Loved it.quick stop before we head back to Nashville, Tennessee ... Very good and authentic! So pleased that we found this spot before our trip back home. Very accommodating, great selection. Great service, food was delievered in a timely manner. Last but not least, delicious!
* great for families.I wrote a review on this place before about how the pho soup tasted inauthentic and very watered down. Well, after that review the owner of the place messaged me and said all type of things. She said I must be wrong because her pho is the best of the best, even better than all the places in Vietnam. I lived in Vietnam and I know what is a good, authentic bowl of pho is. Her garbage pho is nothing compare to the pho in Vietnam. So this owner needs to get over herself and a reality SLAP! LOL Secondly, based on the message, I can tell that this lady is very argumentative. I don't think her pho is good and my review reflects my opinion. There is nothing you can do to change my review. So stop messaging me and threaten me to change my review!Wonderful and even better service. A rare gem to find. The owner even came out and spoke to us. I really felt at home and will definitely be back to visit my next time in New Orleans.What a great restaurant! There are few things in life that I enjoy more than hot vegan soup and this place was spot on. They have a vegan pho soup, amazing spicy noodles with tofu and veggies, and super friendly service. The food was super cheap and filling and I would definitely go back.Every time I crave Vietnamese food, this is my go to place!  I hate that they're closed on Sundays but I don't eat phó on Sundays anyway! Lily is amazing and always makes me feel at home even when the place is busy...and it's always busy.The pho is EXCELLENT and so is the service...but it's not the tidiest place in town.  The walls are pretty dirty, which is surprising for a newish place, and the floors are often not clean.  Regardless, it's still my go to pho spot.Lilly's Café doesn't need my four star review because the place is always packed with happy and satisfied customers.  Best part of Lilly's Café is the always fresh ingredients used in the meal.  Great atmosphere and great quality food.  Nice change of pace from your typical Asian culinary fair.With a fresh aroma hitting as soon as you walk in the door, this cozy neighborhood joint is bustling with a constant flow of diners. The food is simple, authentic, and delicious. A nice break from the usual heavy NOLA fare.The staff was extremely nice, the service superb and fast!  Was visiting and got a bit sick of all the fried foods.  I'm Vietnamese so pho is always a staple and nice to have as an option when you're dehydrated from non stop adult beverages!  Went here with the husband and friend.  The pho was good and I also enjoyed the Vietnamese coffee. The atmosphere is super cute.Good pho great Rangoon overall I wool go back and recommend. Service was  lacking but adequate.normally, i do not like vietnamese/chinese/asian food.  but this place is AWESOME!!!!  fabulous food!!!  and the staff is very accommodating!!!   totally reccommend this place!!!Love this little Cafe'. The food is fresh, the staff is friendly, the bathrooms are clean! I usually get the combo Pho' with an additional side of - well just about anything. You really can't go wrong here!Not only was the service friendly, accommodating and prompt... Not only was this probably some of the best vietnamese I've ever had (including my time traveling in Vietnam)... This may have been one of the best meals I've ever had.
I had the grilled chicken bún, which for an outsider, is not a fluffy baked dough ball...  Its a heaping bowl of lettuce, cucumbers, rice noodles, peanut, spicy fish sauce and a perfectly cooked meat of your choice.  You can add such delights as a fried egg, egg roll or steamed vegetables.  In my dish, the grilled chicken was a bit crispy from the sear and still tender and thinly sliced.  The added fish sauce (which actually seemed a little more like a thai-style chili sauce) took it to a whole new level.
To top it off, I had an ice-cold vietnamese coffee the way I always loved to have it on hot, sticky Vietnam days.  Its crushed ice, strong espresso with a generous helping of sweetened condensed milk.  So instead of adding sugar and cream to your coffee, just add one ultra concentrated goopy, glorious mixture of the two for maximum efficiency and effect!
The girlfriend had the pork pho, which she was pleased with but totally jealous of my meal.  I gave her some, don't worry, but it was one of the hardest things I ever had to do.
This place was a transcendent dining experience for both the quality and value.  Most entrees were under $10. You don't need to know anything about vietnamese food, there really only about 6 dishes on the menu.  It seems like a lot because they just have so many available meats they prepare in a handful of ways.  You wont be disappointed, everything looked amazing, and ours was no exception.
One more note on the attention to detail, I love that they include both chopsticks and western utensils, so you don't have to feel like a total novice asking for a fork, and you don't have to feel pretentious asking for chopsticks.
If you're reading this right after posting, they're sign said they are closed July 4-10, 2016.  After that, enjoy!Toooo expensive! 12.00 for a drink and a bowl of vegetable soup. At least serve dessert with it. Back home in Seattle I can get a large bowl of delicious vegetarian pho, a coke and cream puff for $9.00.This place is over priced. Won't go backWhy have I not eaten here sooner? Oh yeah, cause the last couple of times I did make it over, I chose that awkward time that they were closed.
Anyway, move over Magasin, this place is so much better! Sure, it's not as trendy or stylish, it doesn't look half as busy, and the menu is not as extensive, but it's probably the most authentic Vietnamese restaurant I've been to on this side of the river. The prices may be slightly higher, but I guess gas and toll fees make up the difference.  Oh yeah, and helpful friendly service.
I had the Grilled Pork Bun and my girlfriend had the Grilled Beef Bun, we also ordered Egg Rolls. The portions for the Buns are large, except next time I would probably order the Egg Roll to go with the Bun, instead of a separate order, as the price actually comes out cheaper.
What's good about the Buns?  Well they add the usual that you should have in there, crushed peanuts, fried shallots, and perfect fish sauce, all three things that are missing from the Magasin Bun.  Oh, and of course, I do prefer the traditional iceberg lettuce.  OH wait, did I mention that they also give you a generous portion of meat, it's cut differently into slices, but it is a lot more than just 4 - 5 thicker slices of the grilled pork or beef you would get at other places.  The Eggs Rolls were also pretty standard and good, not rolled in so much wrapping that it's hard.
I'll definitely be coming back and I'll be getting the Pho next time.The pho is actually great. I took my parents here and they approved too. The broth is not too oily like some other places.  Slightly lacks the strong pho flavor/smell but the place is on Magazine St...  different crowd.Going to have to settle on 3 stars as it was fresh and pretty good but didn't blow me away. The pho was good but the broth was not the best I've had. Lacked depth. The meat was super tender and overall it was a good bowl of pho. The spicy spring rolls were good but once again nothing remarkable. The egg rolls were good but once again nothing remarkable. Make sure to ask if you want lettuce to wrap them in. I would absolutely eat here again and everything was hot and fresh but...... I have had better. Service was spot on and very friendly!Ordered the spring roll and pho combo. 
Spring roll was pretty good. Ingredients was fresh.
Pho combo was very good.
Very good pho broth. Hard chewy noodles (this is a good thing) with rare steak on top.Amazing. All of it was amazing. The pho broth will bring you back to life after drinking until death. We had Beef Pho with brisket and chicken pho were AMAZING. Loved the crab rangoons. Loved the Vietnamese iced coffee. Everything literally couldn't have been better. Also the wait staff is so attentive and kind. The lady waitress warmed my heart . Please come here and enjoy this dining experience. It was a much needed recharge after the loudness of bourbon street.Fantastic food!! Just had an egg role as well as I
Lillys roll followed by spicy shrimp pho.. I'm perfectly satisfied and so glad we stopped in. Highly recommend!best vietnamese in new orleans! lilly is also a very nice woman and i'm excited to go back!Lilly's is my all time favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Nawlins, & I have been to all of them! It is very clean, the food is absolutely fresh & delicious, & Lilly is an absolute doll! 
The whole staff is sweet, attentive, & conscientious. The cooks are  awesome & will accommodate any dietary restriction with ease. In fact, it is the only Viet restaurant where vegetarians & vegans can eat safely & know that something they don't eat has not been sneaked into their food. If you say "No MSG!" you will get no MSG!
Now what to order? My order always starts with the Shrimp Spring Rolls, so fresh, & when smothered with their house-made Peanut Sauce, divine! I LOVE the Spicy Tofu served over the soft noodles & topped with steamed veggies. (They will add a whole pile of steamed veggies over anything for an extra $2!) You can taste the garlic, ginger, & peppers in it, & although hot & spicy, it will not set you on fire like some of their competitor's food. LOL!
Now keep in mind, that although Lilly's is a five-star Viet restaurant, it is not The Windsor Court or Commanders Palace, so don't expect that kind of service here. It is a small "Mom & No-Pop" venue. Some idiot woman gave them only three stars because, "The waitstaff kept asking if we wanted anything & did not observe our 'social cues' that we weren't ready to order!" 
Did this woman not know she was dealing with another culture? A culture who would not recognize her stupid Yuppie cues? I bet dollars to donuts they were trying in vain to move her along & get her cranky ass out of there. Only she did not recognize their polite Asian cues of "Hurry up & order bitch! We are trying to close up & go home!"
Getting that kind of attentive service in other restaurants would be the "impossible dream". Ha ha... too attentive... my God you moron! That being said, if you want delicious, authentic, fast, & cheap Vietnamese food, Lilly's is the place! See you there:)This is the second time I've been to Lilly's and it's still amazing. They pump out food at this place like a Ford factory in the early 1900s. The Lilly's summer roll (with avocado and strawberry) is an incredible combination. The portions are huge and come out very quickly. Everything is always fresh and piping hot despite this. The grilled pork rice plate is delicious and it's certainly some of the best Vietnamese food I've had. The wait staff is great, friendly, and extremely accommodating. I can't wait to return.Yum! This is a great spot for folks looking for good and flavorful pho (not the best pho, but def solid). Banh Mi was great as well! Truly a bang for your buck. Service is great!With an abundance of Vietnamese restaurants in the area, this failed to live up to the hype. Completely serviceable and outstandingly average.Had a late lunch at Lilly's today.  The place was pacjed at 2pm ... and after having a meal here, I know why. 
We only had two dishes. .. spicy tofu and Pho Ga (chicken).  The spicy tofu was excellent,  tender, tasty with a spicy flavor that was perfect as served.   The Pho is also very very good... it comes to the table piping hot with fresh sprouts and basil to add as desire.  I found that a few good doses of rooster sauce (sriracha) brought the flavor to just where I like it.  Final verdict: we both agreed that we would willingly order the same again... but will try other dishes as well.
Service was very good,  courteous and efficient and Lilly is a great hostess.Our first experience at a Vietnamese restaurant and it was amazing. 
You can taste the freshness of the noodles, the vegetables and the meat. 
We are sold and will be back again.Super great food, nice family owned staff, multiple fresh options( fresh seafood, vegetarian including vegetarian broth which is pretty unheard of and plus it's good), and  clean neat little restaurant would recommend 5/5.Lilly's is by far my favorite Vietnamese place in New Orleans. Not only is the family so sweet... The food lives up to all the great reviews. The pho broth is delicious and so flavorful, the sauce on the bun is awesome, and the shrimp and avocado salad is amazing! The spring rolls are also key. I haven't had a bite at Lilly's I didn't like. 
Also the coconut candies they give with your check are delicious!! I would give 10 stars if I could!Woohoo, this place is killing it! Amazing bun with lots of HUGE shrimp, perfect dressing, fresh lovely veg. Shrimp salad (with perfect, fresh strawberries!) was amazing too. Great fresh coconut juice. Super fast and friendly ervice. Lovely, clean atmosphere. A perfect Magazine St. stopover.The food is so good. I eat Vietnamese food all the time in Atlanta.  This place is fresh,  clean and just different.  Like eating at your OCD Grandma's house. I'm definitely coming back.Best pho ever. Amazing staff and lily is a wonderful host. Also enjoyed there Vietnamese iced coffee and the fresh basil and sprout salad was top notch too.I'm not normally a big fan of pho, mainly due to it not being very authentic in the US, but I saw someone else's dish and it looked amazing. I have to say, I'm a total pho convert after eating that. It was authentic Vietnamese pho made to perfection. My husband said it was the best pho he has ever had and he is a pho addict!
The egg roll and summer rolls were very tasty, probably the best egg rolls we've had too! 
Everyone who worked there was sweet and friendly. Great service.I do not like Eastbank Vietnamese pho. Nope. I like the real stuff.
So when I was starving today I decided to give Lilly's a try.
But no pho.
So I called and ordered pickup. The avocado and shrimp salad, the pork bahn mi, and the crab rangoons (because I heard they have bacon in them).
20 minutes later, I walked in and they had no idea who I was. After some scrambling, they found my stuff. Seems they wrote my name down as Abby and was totally confused by my actual name and me being a dude.
They gave me extra hot sauce and fish sauce for no charge. And the owner even joked about messing up my name and made fun of herself. What a sweetie.
Took the stuff back to work and with much trepidation, opened it all up and tried it all.
The bahn mi: Fresh veggies. Really well done pork and nice soft Viet-French bread. 
Also, almost 1/3 larger than most other places on the East Bank. Filled too.
A total win.
Seriously. Good stuff.
The crab rangoons did NOT have bacon (you lying bastages) but they were really good anyway. Very well filled. A little greasy but still good.
The avocado and shrimp salad was good. I didn't like the strawberries but that's just because I don't like them in general. The fried onions/garlic on top was, sadly, stale...the avocado was chopped into tiny little bits that were almost too small to pick up with the chopsticks. And not a large amount of them. But having said that, it was still quite good. Not too heavy and not too light. Just a great blend for lunch.
It came with a fish sauce based dressing that was perfectly balanced. The shrimp were large and had the tail shells still attached...I ate them too. Really good. 
SO all in all, I am very pleased with the effort and since it's summer, I think I can be comfortable ordering lunch from there.
P.S. It's about a block and a half from another Magazine street Viet-place that seemed like a ghost town compared to the busy and lively lunchtime crowd at Lilly's.
Sort of says something, doesn't it?I went here with a couple of people and I thought the food is great but it wasn't.  I noticed that a lot of people in the restaurant order pho and that's it.  Which im pretty sure thats why this place have a 4.5 star.  I ordered the crab ragoon and it was so oily.  I didn't like it at all.  ALso we order eggrolls and the meat in it has so much black pepper.  For the entree, I ordered the beef and rice which I couldn't eat.  There was no taste to it.  It looked like I didn't even touch my food.  I know the restaurant says authentic but I dont' think so.I am from Houston and used to really delicious Viet food. Lilly's is ok. The place is nicely decorated, and the hostess is really cute and friendly. But the food is meh. I ordered Lilly's rolls, spicy tofu, and pho. Lilly's rolls were the best part of the meal. Spicy tofu is ok, but the fried shallot was soggy. Pho's broth is way too sugary. I doubt that I would go back.Consistently great food and service!! Food for pick up never takes longer than they say and their pho, rice, and bun dishes are delicious!After our Garden district tour we decided to walk to Lilly's cafe for lunch around 2 pm. The staff was very nice and welcomed us. For a Christmas even day, the place was crowded. Wife got the pho and I got the rice/ chicken entree. Good portions and everything tasted great. The restaurant is clean including the restrooms. There are pictures of owners and staff with stars like John Goodman who had their meals there.This place is so legit. Their pho is the best I've had in a long time. A lot of other places miss the mark with vegetarian pho but this place seasons it so beautifully. Make sure to try the broth before putting a bunch of sriracha in it! It's amazing.  
The staff is also very welcoming and sweet, and the service is great. So many vegan/vegetarian options to choose from. I'll keep coming back. 
Also, try the Thai iced tea. YUM.Delicious!  Super fresh dishes and nice staff. Can't say enough good things about this place.  Possibly the best Vietnamese food I've ever had.I'm still new to Vietnamese food, but from what I know, Lilly's was a nice off the beaten path find for just that. Everything I sampled there (pork rice plate and flank pho) we're perfectly cooked, seasoned and presented. The staff is lovely and the ambiance is just right. 
I will definitely be recommending Lilly's Cafe to others!Decided to go with the top Yelp reviewed Vietnamese restaurant in New Orleans. Which ended up not meeting expectation of 4.5 stars.
I have been to a couple of Vietnamese restaurants in  New Orleans and wanted to try something new, since I'm taking my mom out to eat. 
Decor: 4/5
The interior design is easy to the eyes and very welcoming. Bamboo-like materials and items reminisce of Vietnamese culture. 
Service: 3.5/5
We were seated immediately after we enter. The server seemed a bit rushed and wanted us to order as soon as we can. It was our first time here, so we wanted to make sure to order something good. We only talk to our server when we needed to order, since she seldomly stop by our table. 
Menu: 3/5
There were a decent amount of items to choose from. I had initially wanted to try the rice dishes and was hoping for broken rice and all the good stuff but I was disappointed. They did not have broken rice option, and the rice plates comes with egg roll and veggies. I was hoping for pickled carrots, side of soup, and an egg meatloaf or sunny-side up egg.
Pho: 3/5
We both ordered the pho combo. The presentation of the pho was average. The broth was a bit too salty in my opinion but my mom said adding extra lime and hoisin sauce would help. Which I did, but I could still taste the salt lingering around. There was a decent amount of meats in the pho, my mom gave me some of hers as well since she was not too hungry.
Spring Roll: 5/5
I ordered the grilled pork roll, which was really good. It was different from what I would normally have in a spring roll. I even ask my mom to consider grilling pork to make spring rolls in the future. The fish sauce that comes with this appetizer was good.I absolutely ADORE this place  I did a sister trip to New Orleans and needless to say spent most of my time drinking and eating. Consequently I got a little sick and needed a good place to detox, and have healthy and well made food and this was PERFECT. We went to Lily's three times in four days hahaha. And tried everything. The pho is amazing, so is there stir fry and rice. The shrimp/meat and vegetables all seemed fresh or was well seasoned. The spring rolls were so healthy haha so fresh. I just stan this place and is one of the few places in New Orleans I would highly highly recommend.Great pho tai, tofu bun dishes.  Vegan and pork spring rolls are perfect.  Tofu spring rolls just OK.  Only complaint is that the food came out too fast!
Great prices and amazingly friendly staff, unflustered despite demanding environment.I love Lilly's!! Her Pho Ga with vegan broth is a heaven sent whether you're sick or just looking for a good filling yet light soup. Her rice dishes and egg rolls are also amazing. Plus Lilly her self is very personable and sweet.I'm obligated to leave a five star review because the beef bahn mi was the best I've ever had. The spicy tofu appetizer was AWESOME, and I don't even eat tofu. The waitress was attentive but not overbearing, and she was super sweet as well. The atmosphere is intimate but not too cramped. Very enjoyable experience and I will definitely be back for more!Series of unfortunate events occurred during our visit to this establishment.  I read from previous reviews that the spicy shrimp pho was phenomenal.  When seated, we noticed that table next to us was delivered the a piping hot bowl of spicy shrimp pho, but in error. 
In spite of the fact that the beautiful bowl of spicy shrimp pho was sent back to the kitchen, I elected to order the same item believing that they would NEVER present another patron with the same bowl of rejected pho, especially since we ordered multiple appetizers and took some time eating the tasty spicy tofu appetizer and mediocre fresh rolls.  
When my bowl of much anticipated spicy shrimp pho was set before me, I noticed that my bowl of pho was not piping hot and the noodles were soggy and mushy.  I didn't want to be a bother so i asked them for more broth with the hope that it would heat up the soup.  They took the bowl into the kitchen and brought it back as it was returned.  Frustrated, I asked the waiter to heat up the bowl because it was lukewarm.  
After some time I was presented with a bowl of pho our waiter stated was made anew for me.  I was dismayed to realize that the "new" bowl was the same one I sent back since it had the torn basil leaves I had put into it!  I should have walked out, but requested replacement with pho tai.  After all that, the broth was sickeningly sweet and definitely NOT WORTH ALL THE TROUBLE!!!
I will never return!And the veggie pho is delicious...in case you were wondering, as is the spicy tofu appetizer.  
I've also tried their grilled shrimp items and YUMMY.  Love that the place is so low key and that you are greeted like you've just arrived at your favorite aunt's house.Had a Vietnamese roll and it was really worth the money!! Great service, really attentive but not too in your face. Great food great service- very impressedGreat atmosphere in the Garden District.  Service was exceptional.  Food is phenomenal!I love it here.
Service is always INCREDIBLE. The food is always AMAZING.
Go for the beef pho. Or the vegan egg rolls. Or the spring rolls. Or anything. It's all. so. damn. good.I eat Pho all the time, and it is by far the best Pho I've ever had. Lilly is a sweetheart and my husband and I enjoy eating there any chance we get. 
I am a bit worried that by writing another great review for Lilly's that everyone in Nola is going to know about the goodness, but Lilly is such a great person that she deserves the credit! 
Love the Rare Flank Pho with extra steamed vegetables!!!Very good Pho and a nice quiet, but busy, place.  Could be a little more prompt with drink refills but overall very much worth the trip.Just stopped here for some lunch.  Everyone there was very friendly and the food came out super fast.  I had the combo Pho and it was delicious.  If I lived in the area I would make this a weekly stop for sure.  The broth was fantastic.  After trying the combo, it was the rare flank that I would choose to have again.  Very tender.This is probably the best pho I've had since I was actually in Vietnam. The service was good and the staff are all very friendly. I've been twice and have been able to sample a couple of appetizers; I can highly recommend the spicy tofu and their eggrolls. I usually get flank and brisket pho which was quite good; all soups are served with the usual optionals of lime, basil and jalapenos, a welcome change from living in Australia for two years where lemon is the norm (!).
If you don't want to make the trek to West Bank then this is going to be your one stop shop for pho in New Orleans. My only complaint is that they don't do hot Vietnamese coffee, only cold.The grass isn't always greener on the other side. I decided to try out Lilly's since its in my neighborhood. The food came out quickly but I suspect it was pre prepared. The shrimp spring rolls didn't taste fresh and the mint flavor didn't sing at all. I was also put off by the addition of avocado. The chicken in my bun was lukewarm and tasted more microwaved than grilled however the sauce was delicious and the noodles were the perfect length for graceful chopstick eating.  In short I will not cheat on my Pho Noi Viet again.I had the bun with grilled pork. It was AMAZING!! The owner actually came to our table to chat for a bit and explained the best way to eat the leftovers from their cafe. The service was awesome, too. All around a good experience. Definitely going back!!The food is absolutely amazing, and the staff are very friendly. I would give them five stars, but tonight when we got takeout it took an hour and they forgot one of our drinks. I realize they were extremely busy, but they told us half an hour. If they had given a longer/more accurate estimate we would have just left. 
My previous visit there, when I dined in, everything was perfect. Hopefully tonight was a fluke, but it left us dissatisfied.I've only been there a handful of times but Really enjoyed the iced coffee, egg rolls, pho, and my favorite, spicy tofu! Yum!Very tasty pho and friendly staff! I will be sure to eat at Lilly's again when I return to NOLA!The best Vietnamese restaurant around - with the best bahn mi possible.  The bahn mi are huge and overflowing with not only meat but tons of pickled veggies as well.  Pho is delicious.  Prices are decent. Staff is friendly and service is fast.  What more can you ask for??Great experience! Food was yummy and staff was so friendly and fun. Best Uptown Vietnamese, go here!I can't believe I never wrote a review for this place! I recently moved away from NOLA but I used to live in the Lower Garden District - walking distance to Lilly's. Lilly's was a great place to call in an order after a crappy day when I wasn't up to cooking or for pho when I felt sick. Normally I find banh mi sandwiches really underwhelming, but Lilly's helped change that (though the tofu banh mi was sometimes on the slightly salty side). 
Also, the folks who work here are some of the nicest restaurant staff in New Orleans. I remember one time when I stopped in for take out after a long and exhausting flight back to NOLA, and the lady gave me my order and said "WELCOME HOME!!!" How nice is that! 
When we return to visit, Lilly's will be at the top of our list for Vietnamese.The Shrimp Pho was solid, if not a bit bland, but the clean restaurant , efficient service and incredibly low prices for this part of NOLA make Lilly's a great haunt for anyone looking for wonderful Vietnamese cuisine.Disappointed.  Was looking forward to an authentic Vietnamese meal after a week of eating Cajun food.  The BBQ pork/Thit Nuong was not made the traditional Vietnamese way. Basically just sliced pork.   The Cha Gio was described as made with rice paper but they used the Chinese style egg roll wrap.I had to stop by this place for Viet food. I was told that NOLA has a pretty large Viet population so I expected good food. Meh. When you sit down and start noticing the other types of patrons and what they order, you realize you've made a mistake. (Pho with vegetables[???] and no noodles[?!?!?].)
The owner came out to talk to all the customers, but when she got to our table, she just said hi and moved on to the next table. When I ordered in Vietnamese, the man looked at me like an alien and said nothing. Rude.
As for the pho, it was soooo salty. If it hadn't been salty, I would've said the broth was delicious. I couldn't finish the soup, fearing death from hypertension.
Wouldn't return. And wouldn't recommend to anyone else.Love this place.....I order take-out at least once or twice a week!  Pho Ga is the best in town!We have always loved the banh mi sandwiches here but our experience this weekend was disappointing. I got a noodle salad with shrimp, spicy pork and an egg roll. The pork lacked that char grilled flavor. The egg roll (which contained ground shrimp and pork) had a funny smell and tasted off. When my husband tasted it he said the meat was bad and not to eat it. We told the server and he brought out Lilly who insisted the egg rolls are made fresh daily and it was the taro root in it that tasted that way. We didn't say anything else but my husband, who is Vietnamese and owns his own restaurant said it was not the taste of taro because it's something he eats. He knows the smell of bad meat. I'm disappointed she did not at least offer to take the uneaten egg roll off our bill or replace it. 
Not surprisingly I got sick that afternoon from that one bite of egg roll and was in the bathroom and felt awful the rest of the day. I typically have a cast iron stomach but not this time.  I don't think I'll be eating egg rolls again there.Lilly's cafe is amazing! The service is super warm and extremely fast, and the food is delicious. There's a great vegetarian menu, and everyone should try the vegan egg rolls -- they have taro and they taste like little savory donuts!Veggie spring rolls with a delicious peanut sauce,  followed by a Beef banh mi that was also great dipped in peanut sauce. Ugh,  BEST iced coffee yet.This is my go-to Vietnamese restaurant!  Their shrimp spring rolls are the best around, and peanut sauce is amazing.  My favorite dish is the tofu pho.  It's enough for 2 meals.  Lilly is such a nice lady, too.On our last day in Nola we were dying to eat anything other than the usual fare in the city so we opted for Vietnamese! We found Lilly's on yelp, walked fron the warehouse district on Magazine street to the cute neighborhood. We were a little worried about safety because you walk under the freeway bridge but going back at night we realized there were plenty of lights and cars so we felt comfortable. There is a smell of incense? When you first enter but once the dishes came out we got over it. I had the awesome garlic chicken dish which I tried to recreate at home! My husband had the bun which he liked. When paying the bill I realized how expensive dining in the city is because I felt like we got an awesome deal at Lilly's! We also walked by a filming of Nola NCIS!! We thought it was cool but I am sure the locals are used to it!!So good! We had rainbow spring rolls (tofu, avocado, vermicelli noodles, strawberries, lettuce) and then I had the tofu and veggie pho and my husband had the meat combo pho. Big portions for a great price. Loved it.Amazing chicken pho noddle soup! The best in town! Love the shrimp fresh rolls with the peanut sauce but I also enjoy eating them with fish sauce with pickled carrots! Lilly's special iced vietnamese coffee is delicious and I always have several glasses! They make everything fresh. The service is great and Lilly is there often making sure the place runs smoothly, like a machine! The sautéed beef/rice dish with a fried egg on top is really tasty as well..ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!Great pho.  We'll be back.  My father in law would like brown rice as an option but otherwise we were completely satisfied.Awesome alternative to Cajun creole food went to jazz fest needed a break from all the great food in town and at the fest, crayfish Monica crazy good. Had the pho, spring rolls,even the Vietnamese coffee broke da mouthDelicious food and generous portions!! Definitely authentic and worth the trip out of the French quarter!Only tried one other Pho place in the city that was all but forgettable so i am thrilled to have stumbled upon Lillys Cafe! Its a cute little place with bright colors on the walls and smiles on the faces of the staff. The staff is attentive and friendly. The seating is well spaced and uncrowded. It wasn't furnished with comfort prioritized but its not a lingering sort of place to begin with. It is clean and quiet as well.
Menu is concise. All of what you would expect and some great vege and vegan options. I went with the summer roll and spicy shrimp pho. The summer roles were nice and light. A touch heavy on mint but refreshing. The peanut sauce was just a soupy peanut butter. It served a purpose and with a little Sriracha was fine. The pho was nice. Just enough heat, plenty of shrimp which were most likely frozen but at least plentiful. A lot of salt though, in fact my mouth was noticeably dry from it. The portion is enormous and it is priced well considering it is easily two meals.
Overall i enjoyed it. It is quick, well priced and the environment is great. Ill be back and they do takeout as well which i can definitely see taking advantage of.Lilly's Cafe is absolutely amazing! If you've never tried Vietnamese food I would highly suggest Lilly's to be your starting point. Everything is fresh and full of flavor! The wait isn't that long unless you go during peak hours. My go-to dish is the Chicken Vermicelli with an egg roll.It is really difficult to find a veggie pho that has a flavorful broth but at Lilly's they really nail it every time. Lilly's is hands down THE best and freshest Pho in New Orleans. Flavorful, satiating and the owner's are beautiful people that make spending your money there even more enjoyable! Once you try Lilly's you won't go anywhere else.Ate there a while ago, can't remember what I got but it was something vegetarian and delicious!Kind of feel silly writing this as everyone in the neighborhood knows they are a gem, best meal for the price on this stretch of Magazine Street. Fist-fulls of fresh ingredients, right amount of spice. They don't offer the most exotic Vietnamese menu, but the mainstays are spot-on. Pho and Banh Mi highly recommended and all dishes come as vegetarian options with tofu. Run by sweet and friendly family who make everyone feel welcome. Plus things come out lightening fast from the kitchen. Great option for take-out, too. I'm addicted to the little guava candies they give you with the bill.Great atmosphere! Totally acceptable Vietnamese , but not traditional ! My only complaint is that their noodle to broth ratio is a little off . I'm always a little disappointed that I run out of broth before I'm finished with my pho ! and broth is waaaaaaay more important to me than noodles!This is a super cute, pretty small cafe with insanely fast and friendly service, the best crab Rangoon I've ever had and quick and easy food pick up. The pho broth is excellent as well. Street parking can be a little bit of a hassle but it's worth it. The portions are also fairly large and everything is priced very well.I would give 3 1/2 stars but will round up because of price.
Tried going back to Pho Noi Viet but they are closed on Mondays.  We were there at 5:30 so were the only ones in the restaurant but a lot more people poured in as we were eating.
We shared the fried egg rolls.  Pretty good, nothing special.
I had the rice with beef.  The rice was cooked perfectly.  The shredded beef was seasoned well and there were lots of chopped veggies on the plate but easy to pick around if you don't want a mouth full of green onions garlic or lettuce.
The waiter was a little hard to communicate with because of a language barrier but he was attentive and our food came out very quickly.
Split the meal with my friend (I probably got the raw end of the deal because he ordered a drink and a more expensive entree) and it was very reasonable.  ~13.50 before tip.
I will be back.The only thing I don't like about Lilly's Cafe is that they aren't open on Sundays, which is when I am most craving pho to take care of my two day hangover. The Lilly rolls are the best spring rolls I have ever had because the strawberries are so unexpected. I always get the vegan pho. Best broth on the east bank, hands down!We were very excited to have a bowl of pho during our trip in New Orleans. We walked from the Lafayette Cemetery No.1 to try their highly Yelp rated pho, but it turned out that it was a mistake.... It was a twenty minute walk! At Lilly's Cafe, the pho I had was overwhelmingly sweet (I have no idea why) and my friend's pho was overwhelmingly salty. Maybe they accidentally put some sugar into my soup? I dunno.. But... Sorry, Lilly's. You just made me miss our New York pho so much.Delicious and nutritious! I usually stick around the rice with chicken or beef plates (w/egg), but I'm a couple of days away from trying the Pho dish which I've heard are very tasty. Perfect hangover cure from what I understand. Tip: Try the Thai Coffee... So, So, So. Delicious.My favorite place for pho in all of Uptown. I enjoy walking here and getting the spring rolls and the rare beef flank pho with extra vegetables.  
Oh yeah!I am by no means a pho expert.. or a pho snob. I know what I like, I'm pretty easy to please.. and Lilly's is pretty damn good. I've been fighting this cold for a while now, and I finally decided.. enough was enough.  It was time for some spicy pho. 
Lilly's is down the street from me, and it's a shame I hadn't been until now. I picked up some chicken pho to go, some egg rolls, and the grilled beef bahn mi. The pho is just what I needed (and currently, I'm finishing the 2nd half of it for lunch today.. just as good in round 2).. fresh taste, great broth, and a LOT of it. Great egg rolls too. My boyfriend didn't love his bahn mi, but he can be picky about his sandwiches. But the meat was well seasoned and delicious.
The staff is really friendly too.. and great lemonade. All in all.. I'm excited about this little addition to the Lower Garden!I come here at least once a week on my lunch break, and have yet to have anything less than great. Their rice dishes are consistently fresh and delicious. The inside is clean and cutely decorated with differently Lilly-themed artwork. 
Service is good and the food is solid. Check out Lilly'sI LOVE this place. My favorite place for pho. I try to go at least twice a week.Lilly's has delicious food and fast, no-nonsense service. 
I kept hearing about the great Vietnamese food in NOLA, but I felt some FOMO-induced anxiety when deciding where to go. There are a ton of options, so I was afraid of making the wrong choice. Well, I had nothing to worry about at Lilly's! As soon as I tasted the rich pho broth, I knew I was in the right place. I had the combo pho with quail eggs and the honey aloe drink, and we also ordered spicy shrimp vermicelli and obligatory spring rolls. Everything was delicious! The owner even made the time to stop by our table and crack some jokes. This is the place!Lilly's is hands down the best Pho on this side of the river. I love Lilly herself, always working hard and providing the best service and serving the best food! Have the spicy tofu and the shrimp and beef ball pho. The absolute best!!! Amazing!!!We asked the hotel concierge for some recommendations on good Vietnamese food in the area and was directed to Lilly's Cafe. Took a stroll to the Garden District and wow was it worth it! We ordered Pho with chicken and steamed veggies and a bowl of soup. Flavor was amazing, service was great and we even contemplated eating there again for dinner that same night. Highly recommended!I'm calling it. I think that Lilly's is my favorite Pho that I have had in New Orleans so far. Note that I said New Orleans (that doesn't include the Westbank, in this case). Granted, I have only had Pho at 3 other places in NOLA, but there it is.
We stopped in and were seated immediately on a Saturday for a late lunch. We started with shrimp and pork Spring rolls and Jasmine tea. I ordered the rare flank and brisket (this is becoming a habit with me). It came out and it was prepared perfectly. The flank was SUPER rare and had a lot of flavor and there was plenty of brisket. The broth was delicious and full of flavor. It all came in a good sized bowl and I finished the entire thing. For about $9, you can definitely get a better deal at a place like Tan Dinh, but this is the city, so I don't mind paying city prices.
I really like that this place includes wrapped chopsticks and a spoon when they bring out your meal. I like having the spoons on the table, but I sometimes wonder how long they have been there and if they are clean. When they are brought out with the meal, this eliminates all doubt.
I will definitely be back, sooner rather than later.Not too busy for a Saturday night. A smaller sized menu with lots of protein options. Pho comes in large portions. Bahn Mi looked full of flavor. Prices are quite affordable. 
I had the noodle combo bun with lettuce and chicken. Was full of flavor.
Service was average. Waiter came by to take our order quickly. Not too much chit chat. Our food came quickly and was just what we asked for! 
Environment was clean, open and air conditioned! Overall great experience but nothing special.Best freakin' vegetarian Pho ever! Service was great and the food came out fast. I was also reading a book and they didn't make me feel rushed to leave while I was finishing my green tea.Pho broth tastes fine, on par with other places. However, the grilled pork lacked any flavor and was not very hot and freshly made. Iced Vietnamese coffee was delicious though.Authentic Vietnamese food! Got the seal of approval from the BF who is Vietnamese. 
We landed at 12:15pm and went directly to Lilly's Cafe for lunch as we were hungry and it was an amazing first taste of New Orleans. 
Pros: 
-Located on Magazine St, very central and accessible location 
- Owner Lilly welcomed us and spent a few minutes chatting with us - vey sweet woman
- Fast service
- Nice space, lots of tables 
- Fresh ingrédients and very good portions
Cons:
None!This is my fiancé and I's favorite Vietnamese place!!! The service is great, they are very attentive and they remember you when you come in more than once. The food is great, and affordable as there are some other places that sell the same food for more. Love them!My husband and I relocated to Brooklyn, NY after Hurricane Katrina but come home at least twice a year to visit our family and friends.  Our friend Mark from UP/Unique Products recommended Lily's Cafe for lunch.  We usually get our Vietnamese fix from Dong Phoung in the East, but to our surprise the food here was as good.  Besides the food being delicious the service and staff were amazing.  Lily gave our son some Mardi Gras beads and a stuffed blue bunny for Easter.  Our two year old son loved his special treats and it helped keep him in his seat for mommy and daddy to eat lunch.  It was such a treat to find this special gem with great and personal service.  Eating here made me want to move back home! Thank you Lily!This place is so yummy!  Try the pho and the spring rolls,  also the vegan eggrolls are very delicious! Also quick and friendly service! It's our favorite place in town! We love itI was feeling a little under the weather, and the Spicy Shrimp Pho here helped revive me! I've only ever had pho made with beef parts, so this was something of a revelation to me.
The shrimp broth is clear, savory, and a little sweet; it tastes clean and comforting, and was very different from a typical beef pho broth. There were plenty of rice stick noodles, scallion bits, fried shallots, and shrimp (7 fairly large shrimp in my bowl), and of course, the accompanying Thai basil, bean sprouts, jalapeno, and lime. I also liked the slick of chili oil over the top of this pho, which is the "spicy" component -- the broth itself isn't really spicy. I didn't add any hot sauce or hoisin to this broth, so it was really good stuff.
I came in here during a weekday lunchtime and the place was pretty quiet -- maybe 5 other parties, so service was quick. The soundtrack left something to be desired (acoustic guitar covers of the worst 2000 era soft pop songs) but I can't really give them too much grief for that. All in all, this was a great comfort meal for $12 with tax and tip, and it's too bad that the people of New Orleans can't experience how wonderful this hot pho would be on a reaaaallly cold day!Their Banh mi are tasty and juicy. Great for lunch! I also already had pho which has a good flavored broth (not just watery tasting).Lilly's has the best Vietnamese food I've had.  It is excellent.  The vegetables are fresh and crisp; the beef, tender and delicious.
The crab rangoons are excellent!  They use real crab, which is a rarity, I find.  The rangoons come with or without bacon.  They use a different sauce than the sweet and sour or duck sauce you see at most places but it is delicious.  
Lilly's is a must try.Great service great food very inviting staff and the atmosphere was fun. Stop in and try their pho or vermicelli, some of the most colorful fresh Vietnamese food I've had in a while!!Awesome food. Efficient and very friendly service. Very pleased, I highly recommend specifically for lunch. (No alcohol but no need)Favorite Vietnamese in the city. Garlic tofu bun is the best! The owner, Lilly, is such a sweet lady!It was a hot and humid evening so my friend and I decided to order Vermicelli with Egg rolls and Vermicelli with grilled beef instead of pho. Well, I was expecting more. However, I am willing to visit again to try their pho.What an experience! After eating Cajun food all week long while traveling in NOLA, this Vietnamese gem was a great treat! The decor was bright and modern and clean. The food was fantastic. We had the pho (the first pho on the menu w/ a few different types of meat) which was amazing. My husband is usually the one crazy for pho while I usually go for other things but I was devouring his meal. The broth was rich and flavorful and sweet. We also had pork over rice... And shrimp over rice and the Vietnamese sandwich. Oh, and the vietnamese iced coffee! It was all very yummy! The owner was very kind and personable. Within our conversation, we found out that she is a transplant from CT and it's been her dream to have a restaurant. Her passion was very evident in the way she ran her business. When she heard we were from out of town, she made conversation with us (without being a bother... Not at all in fact!) and offered us extra rice and even a spicy condiment that was not usually offered. She even gave our kids extra lychee candy on our way out. Try this place... You won't be disappointed.I come from NYC, where Vietnamese food is super cheap and the menus have 400 dishes on them. I guess I can't expect too much from an Uptown Vietnamese place. The pho is huge and the rare beef actually is served rare. The eggrolls are hella pricey. I'm used to getting 6 egg rolls for $3 (and being served with lettuce wraps and extra herbs and cuckes), instead of two for $4 with no extras. The service is super friendly, sometimes a little pushy.My friend and I wanted to try this place because of all the awesome reviews. We walked in and the place smelled like mothballs. I have no idea how anyone was eating in there. We turned around and walked right out.I went with a group of 7 and we did not have to wait long to get a table.  We had pho and banh mi.  The pho was the best I've had in New Orleans (so far).  The owner was really nice, she came by and introduced herself.  I would go back to this restaurant for pho!Very finest food quality and price. Lilly is a fantastic and caring host. Portions are grand and the veggies are as just picked from the garden. The Pho is a well executed delight. I have never had a better overall feeling about a meal. Lilly is always there and asking if the food is what you wanted. I keep coming back. Real comfort food.Great pho! The lilly rolls and crab rangoon were not impressive, though. Fast service and turnaround. A real happening spot with a very non-pretentious outdoor facade. It's easy to miss, when first entering the cluster of Magazine Street storefronts and restaurants from the direction of Downtown NOLA. Overall, one of the best and freshest phos that I have had in the NOLA area.The chicken salad I had reminded me of the very best vietnamese chicken salad I ate, in a small vendor stall in Singapore... wow. Sweet, tangy, salty and very mildly spicy. The tiny circular cut fried shallots were a wonderful touch.Great Buns, I recommend getting the grilled pork with egg sunny side up with steamed veggies! Fresh spring rolls with peanut sauce are amazing too!What a gem!  It's super clean, decor is very nice, the waitstaff is very attentive and the most important part, the food is so good!  Coming from Boston, I'm not a stranger to Vietnamese food and needed a place that had authentic food.  Also after a long night of drinking and I'm Chinese, we typically have something on the lighter side in the morning or lunch and most of the time it consists of something with soup in it, not bacon and butter.  Don't get me wrong, love those foods too but not my body!  Anyways getting back to this place, we ordered the summer rolls, fresh and moist and you can tell it hasn't been sitting around and it's freshly made, if it were sitting around, the wrapping tends to be a little drier.  Then I had to try their pork ham banh mi with extra pâté...hmmm mmmm this sandwich was also made on the spot and the French bread was crusty yet chewy and the ingredients were flavorful and the veggies very fresh.  2 bowls of beef pho and although its a bit on the sweet side, that's what you'd expect since its definitely Saigon style pho.  Plenty of meat and scallions ( I'm in love with scallions) noodles were cooked just right.  Before we left, I had to take another banh mi to go and boy was it worth it because we ended up drinking again later that night and needed a midnight snack.  If anyone has ever needed a late night after drinking snack, a banh mi is the way to go!  Prices were cheap, but for food like this, I'd pay double!  The waitstaff were very attentive and we got there just as they were opening and by time it was 12, the place was packed to full capacity with many take out orders ( growing up in restaurants, i always notice if a place is busy, its no joke!) Such a nice feeling to be eating where the locals eat, we're going back again today I hope!
A must try!Went there during my stay in New Orleans, the staff is super friendly and the food was really good. I had the spicy tofu/rice noddle yummy. I'd recommend this to place to anyoneThe best pho I have had in a while. The broth is what makes it the best. We wanted to try the banh mi but they said the bakery where they get their bread from was closed :(. Hopefully next time we are in town we can try it :). And the waiter was very friendly, I asked her if there were any good asian haircut places in town and she recommended the one I went to and was very happy with the haircut I ended up getting.As we all know NOLA is famous for its unique cuisine. We have been here for a week and the combo of cajun food and a strict drinking regimen have left our bellies in need of some healing soup...We are big fans of Pho back home in CT so we found the closest spot and gave it a shot. 
The broth is clean and fresh with unbelievable flavor. Sometimes the meat in Pho can be chewy and fatty. The beef was tender and delicious! 
We also had the fresh spring rolls with shrimp and pork. YUM. 
This is a great option for those in New Orleans looking for a break from the traditional New Orleans food and heal their aching tummies from the night before.The food is delicious, so far the best Pho I have had in the New Orleans area. Full of veggies and hmmm tastyyy. We got a waiter right away that brought as our drinks and even turned down the air a bit after we told her we were cold! Parking can be a problem since it's on Magazine St. Get there early to snatch one or you might have to walk a bit. I want to try EVERYTHING on the menu, this place is awesome!If you're in the area and looking for Vietnamese food, just come here. 
Great location. When I went there for lunch, there were only a couple customers inside and the environment was very tranquil with the zen music, natural lighting and soft spoken staff. 
I got some shrimp spring rolls, Vietnamese coffee, a pineapple juice and a large bowl of rare flank and brisket pho. I went a little crazy. Even crazier is I ate every bit of it.their pho ga is pretty good. their beef pho is average. 
can't comment on anything else but coming from NYC.... their broth is definitely bone boiled and but bullion types. 
summer roll is fresh and refreshing. peanut butter sauce has a stronger than normal hoysin taste. I'm okay with it because i enjoy the taste but maybe off putting for othersPlace seemed nice food was ok but didn't realize how cheap and stingie they are. Got a Togo order. My pho and a lemonade. Asked for a lemonade with no ice and she proceeded to give me half of a glass of lemonade, I asked for it to be filled up and argued with me said no. I said whatever I'll pay.. she charge me a extra dollar to fill up which was ridiculous. Even after I tipped her $2.00 for a togo meal. So basically gave her more money and still... watch out for the older lady who runs a restaurant ha ha HaDelicious pho! Great service and a wonderful staff. Their spicy tofu is SO good, it might actually be my favorite thing to order. I love getting Lilly's as take-out.I tried their spicy shrimp vermicelli, which was pretty darn good. Would've loved a larger portion and more vegetables though, especially for the price. The place is definitely popular and was quite busy around lunch time. Service was pretty prompt, still. 
Overall, no real complaints but the vermicelli didn't really stand out as anything special either. Would love to come back and try their pho sometime.Delightfully delicious and a place I keep coming back to. Best kept Vietnamese restaurant secret because I always walk in the door and see a place to sit! Take out is an easy option too and quality is still just as great.  And hands down, Lilly is a dear dear lady. Can't beat the service! Highly recommend.I'm actually finishing up my pedi as I write this. This place is great. Clean, hygienic, and adorably decorated. I got the Hot Rock Spa pedi. Reasonably-priced and leaves you SO relaxed. They use plastic protective coverings in the pedi bowls that they change after every client. My nail tech took her sweet time on me, buffing my feet with care and polishing them perfectly, even though they were booked to capacity and had a packed house! My pedi looks perfect, my feet are baby-soft, and my legs feel so supple after all the exfoliating and moisturizing!Best pho in the general uptown area. Amazing service, great location. Got flank and brisket pho, egg rolls, spring rolls and everything was perfect. Lily's is my new favorite Vietnamese joint in NOLA proper, second only to Tan Dihn.Food is great .... Made me a convert to Pho. Service is an issue though, you can tell the owner doesn't realize that she owns a restaurant that must cater to customers and is not her own personal kitchen. 
You can definitely tell that the staff is micro-managed and stressed because of her. Definitely takes away from the dining experience. It is telling because you can tell there is such a high turnover rate of staff.
Moral of the story, food is great despite Lilly.... Oh, and those chairs are horrible!At last my prayers for good quality Pho nearby were answered!
This is my new go to place for a quick lunch either by myself or for two.  They serve by far the best Pho broth on the East Bank, delicately flavored but excellent.  The folks running it are super friendly and though occasionally a little disorganized they are always cheery and fast.  I couldn't ask for more in a lunch spot and near my house too.Wow! What a gem! Wonderful food, nice cheery atmosphere and really, really nice staff. Veggie pho and spices tofu were top notch!My friends and I randomly picked this place based on a yelp search because we needed a break from eating all the heavy butter laden French cuisine in NOLA. When the cab dropped us at Lilly's Cafe, I wasn't sure we had made the right decision. And we reluctantly stepped in - and - our lives changed! The food was so good and delectable that I actually came back home to NJ and immediately google pho recipes on youtube. I've cooked pho twice in 15 days and my food pantry now has fish and oyster sauce in it. We also tried the bun and I loved it. The service is nice and the guava candy they offer at the end is a pleasant surprise - got to check my local asian store for thoseThis place is great! Really clean, authentic Vietnamese food at exceptionally affordable prices. The owner was really conscientious of our large party's (8 people) needs and even brought us some delicious vegetarian bahn-mis to try. The spicy tofu appetizer revolutionizes tofu and the vermicelli noodle dishes are delicious. A must go and a great deal.Cute little place on the edge of Uptown.  Looks inviting from outside, and friendly people inside. I came by for lunch, and was seated and had water within minutes. I got a nice jasmine Iced tea. 
I felt a little rushed, being my first time there the waitress asked me if I wanted an appetizer as I was putting on my glasses to look at the menu. Not in a discourteous way, just a bit quick.
I got Lily's Spring Roll, which are 2 rolls of Shrimp, pork, ham, avocado, strawberry,  lettuce, mint and vermicelli in a rice paper wrap. Served with a thick peanut sauce. 
EXCELLENT! 
Yeah. Flavorful by itself, then you try in the sauce..better. 
I tried a touch of sirracha. It added another layer of tastiness. 
It's also beautiful, with the see-through wrap, you see the red of the strawberry,  and the green of avocado. Nice.
I ordered the Pho Combo. It's only the 2nd time I've had Pho, but it was fantastic. The broth had so much flavor by itself, but THIS Pho had rare flank (kind of cooks a bit as it sits in the hot broth, brisket, and beef balls , rice noodles, bok choy, broccoli, and green onion. I also got a side of sprouts, basil, mint, jalapeño,  and lime. 
This had SO much flavor, at the same time it was light and a great summer lunch.
So happy I live down the street now Cuz I'm gonna be a regular! 
It's clean here too. 
The only downside was from other customers (not Lily's fault). The guy yelling into his cell phone in Russian or some other language at the table next to me for 15 minutes was disturbing, and people.... if your kid is not old enough to know how to behave in a restaurant (1-3 yrs old),  get a babysitter,  or order to go. I don't go out to eat to listen to screaming and/or crying. It's not cute, and others shouldn't have to listen to it.
OK. 
That sounded a bit pricky. 
Sorry. 
I shouldn't have said that, or left it in the review.Trust me, I'm fat. This place is good. The Pho is... well.. pho rull.
All joking aside it's a very satisfying meal that tastes great. They do a great job on the broth base.The pho is very good, but not the best I've ever had, and a little spicier than I'm used to (which I didn't mind, as someone who LOVES spicy food). The spring rolls with pork, shrimp, strawberry, and avocado was a fun and delicious take on an old fave. The spot is quite charming as well. And all the other meals around us looked fantastic too.When you walk in your senses are immediately accosted by an overpowering smell of mothballs. That was such a turn off it should be marketed as an appetite suppressant.
It was crowded, for sure, likely people misled by the four and a half stars average reviews, which is confusing. We were seated right away and the servers were attentive. We ordered spicy shrimp spring rolls which were good, but loosely wrapped and fall apart-y for this reason. They were also served with nuoc nam (the fish sauce mixture normally reserved for the bún dishes) instead of peanut sauce. They were happy to provide peanut sauce upon request. However, we also had to ask for small plates, and had no silverware or chopsticks to help scrape up the fall apart-y goodness left swimming in peanut sauce and Sriracha on the plate. 
Our entrees came out quickly as well, and this time with the appropriate eating accoutrements. I had the spicy grilled shrimp bún or rice vermicelli noodle dish  which was a disappointment. Over seasoned with a ton of fried garlic and ginger (which I have never had served in bún before), and served with a too sweet nuoc nam. I didn't even pack my left overs to go and had three or four shrimp left over! :(
My friend ordered pho and the broth was very good, but the noodles a tad over cooked. 
On our tour of uptown vietnamese restaurants based strictly on best to worst bún (my favorite dish) so far, we decided: Magasin, Mint, Pho Bistreaux, Ba Chi Canteen, Pho Cam Ly, Lilly's. I wanted to love it, really.
Best bún I've had here so far has been at Lin's Restaurant on the Westbank. But it's a bit more of a hike, so I'm happy Magasin is so close.I'm a big fan of this cuisine.  This is the first visit for this place and it definitely won't be my last.  I have to come back a few more times and try some more before I give anyone 5 stars but this may be a done deal for me.  The Pho Ga here is one of the best I have ever had.  Their use of aromatics and warm spices was really brilliant.  The staff was friendly, the prices fair and the space was really nice.  I would like to order some Bun and some appetizers next time.  If you like Vietnamese, you should definitely try Lilly's Cafe!NOLA needs to have more pho places considering a hot warm bowl of noodle soup is the ultimate tummy comfort after a night of heavy drinking.  
I live in the Bay Area where we are spoiled by pho restaurants left and right.  During a recent trip to NOLA, we found ourselves craving pho after downing most of a bottle of Malibu Black the night before.  I was willing to bet no pho places existed in the state of Louisiana, but we were wrong.  Pulled up the Yelp app, found Lilly's, and made the 1.5 mile Oregon Trail trek in search of our drinking cure.  
Lilly's is located in a cluster of quaint little shops.  It's modern and overall clean, except like another Yelper pointed out, the walls are a little dirty.  Pho is roughly $9 bucks a bowl (yes, I know it's overpriced for California standards), but probably very reasonable considering there aren't a huge number of pho restaurants in the area.  
I ordered the combination - comes in a big bowl with a decent amount of noodles and meat.  I felt that for a combination bowl, it seemed to be lacking some goodies, but I didn't care.  My stomach was happy that I had a bowl of noodles and hosein sauce in front of me.  Overall, their food is A-OK.  Service was decent as well.If you're in the uptown area and you're craving some pho or anything even remotely Vietnamese authentic, PLEASE come to Lilly's. They have such a great variety of drink selections (my favorite being the chrysanthemum iced tea as well as their guava juice and lychee juice) and everything I've had there has been fantastic. 
A great spot for vegans and vegetarians as they do make pho broth that is 100% vegetarian (beware of other places that say they do when they don't) and their fried tofu appetizer is great! Their spring rolls are always super fresh and light with the addition of strawberries, and they make the BEST crab rangoons in town (she uses real crab meat)! 
I used to be a regular at this place before my work schedule got changed around, and I used to come every Friday with a group of friends. Even though I don't show up as often, the staff still remember me (and my order of a Pho Dac Biet [combination pho], flank on the side, and chili oil) as well as my friends and welcome me with open arms every time I come in. Very sweet and attentive staff. Take care of them and they will definitely take care of you. A family owned restaurant that's deserving of every bit of praise they get! Hands down the ABSOLUTE BEST Vietnamese spot in the entire uptown area. If you've had a bad experience, I urge you to give them another try. They're seriously that great.Lily's is fab. I go here for lunch at least once a week. The menu is small and saturated with Vietnamese basics (bun, vermicelli, bahn mi, pho) and every single thing I've had has been great. Usually I order either rice or vermicelli with grilled pork, but no matter what I get,  I ALWAYS add steamed vegetables (only $2!) and I recommend you do the same.
 And Lily is such a sweetie! Also, the food is so inexpensive and really healthy (so long as you steer clear of the fried spring rolls) so I never ever feel guilty about eating here. 
The atmosphere is super casual and cozy, and it can get pretty casual around peak lunch hour so i recommend coming a little early or a little late. I usually go around 1 and have never had a problem being seated. It's also an excellent place to get take out!So excited to have this neighborhood gem nearby. It's a great place for a quick and delicious vietnamese meal. I have tried the tofu vermicelli bowl and the bahn mi. Both were very good. Only complaint was that they switched up my take out order once, but not really a big deal.
Bottom Line: The food is good and cheap, the menu is not too big and not too small and the staff is very nice.Was in new Orleans for mardi gras and was craving for Asian food. After driving to 3 different places that were closed,  we ended up here and boy was I glad. Food was awesome.  We had the spring rolls, grilled pork and of course the chicken noodles. Prices were very reasonable! Servers  friendly. Highly recommend!Little restaurant with authentic food. I usually don't order pho at restaurants because most places doesn't cook it the right way. This place cool their pho with the beef bones and all. The taste was authentic but not like my mom. Of course it cannot compare bc I'm used to my moms cooking. Nonetheless, I approve of this place and would recommend to all out of town-ers.Not really sure how this place has 4.5 stars on Yelp.  The service is not great, and neither was my chicken pho.In New Orleans for a few days and wanted to try some of the local vietnese food. Lilly's lived up to the reviews. Had the charm of a local neighborhood joint. The Lilly rolls were amazing don't be afraid of the strawberries some how it works. The spicy shrimp pho was out of this world. Best of all the owner Lilly came and spent time at our table with us. Probably the best Pho I ever hadA nice change of pace restaurant in a rich food town.  I had my first visit to NOLA last March and after 4 days of eating my way through the city, I had a mad craving for some Asian food.  I had heard good things about this restaurant on Yelp and decided to try it.  
When I walked into this place, the first thing that struck me was the cute decor.  It is full of vibrant colors and pictures and nice staff.
I try to have Pho at least once a month and tried it all across the country.  I am not Vietnamese, so I will never speak as to authenticity, but I know what I like.  I liked this pho, but did not love it.  I ordered pho combo which was rare flank, brisket and beef balls. I was hoping for some tripe and tendon in the combo, but this pho still did the trick.  My wife ordered the steamed veggies with rice, which was ludicrously simple, but again, it fully satisfied the need for Asian food.  The real stand out was the Lily Rolls, which were Vietnamese spring rolls, but they also had strawberries and avocado.  A very odd combination, but it just worked for me.
In sum, for any Asians or Asian food lovers in the NOLA area, needing an oasis in the city, this is a solid choice.My favorite Pho in the city! I love that they have vegan options! :)I'll admit, I was standoffish and would never have gone here if I wasn't meeting friends in the area. I'm a meat and potatoes kind of guy, so you can imagine my difficulty in ordering. But we banded together and decided on the spicy beef vermicelli with an egg and an egg roll. My wife had the spicey beef rice. And man... the food was fantastic! I can't really compare it to other Vietnamese places since it was my first time trying the genre, but I'm definitely glad I gave it a try. The only cons of the experience are the canned sodas and lack of alcoholic drinks. But they Vietnamese iced coffee is pretty satisfying. I gave them 5 stars because they pretty much gave me the experience I was expecting when I walked in.Awesome!! Everything we got tasted soooo good. From the tofu to the bahmi... YUMMY! Highly recommend this spot.Best Viêt in New Orleans I have had so far ! Spring rolls are really good. The beef one is a bit hard to eat but still descent.. 
The Pho is not tasty enough, I am talking about the "roux". It needs more herbs and spices. The Bun I had was good but it misses herbs too and the Nuoc Cham had too much garlic in it.. way too much. But average it was pretty good, I have a Vietnamese restaurant back home and I have Vietnamese family also. So I believe I have a good background to be able to judge.. but still good place and nice atmosphere, I would come back again.Delicious vegetable tofu pho, tofu was grilled which is nice, though thinly sliced which I didn't love. Great service by a friendly staff. Casual lunch spot in a nice location.Seriously, the best Vietnamese food I've eaten in the states. And Lilly is a great host!  Just go.Oh man. So bad.
Here's what went wrong:
No sign or other direction indicating that we should seat ourselves or wait to be seated, so my fiancé and I and two other groups just stood like idiots waiting for something to happen. The waitress and the owner finally started seating us while another group that had just walked in seated themselves and took our table. Ok, whatever. 
We waited for a while for the waitress to come get our drink order but they were pretty busy so it was no biggie. But then the waitress came up and mumbled something about drinks. We assumed the mumbling was asking for our drink order, so I started to give it and the waitress said something like, "You already ordered!" And started to walk away. We got her back and after a fashion were able to convince her that we had not yet ordered anything. So she took our entire order. After a fashion. 
The food came out remarkably fast. We had ordered spring rolls and crab rangoons as our appetizers. The crab rangoons came out first. Nothing too special, typical frozen rangoons, deep fried. The sauce it came with was pretty delicious though.  Immediately after receiving the rangoons I got my chicken pho and my fiancé got his chicken vermicelli. The spring rolls we had ordered as an appetizer wouldn't be coming until "later" we were told. Ok.
My fiancé wasn't crazy about the chicken vermicelli, especially when he found a fist full of pork mixed in. I told the owner just as an fyi, just in case they weren't aware, not as a complaint. My fiancé had picked all of the pieces out of the vermicelli and had them sitting separately (obviously not wanting to eat them) and the owner said, "Ok, so you got two for one then!" .... ok. Not really the response we were looking for. 
The pho that I received was ok, not a lot of noodles, no bean sprouts and tasted mostly like spicy water. Finally we got the fresh spring rolls which were served with fish sauce. What? No peanut sauce? Come on. 
Neither of us finished our meals, it was all too blah. we waited for the check for a bit and seeing the line at the register, figured that we had to stand in line to pay. So we stood in line. The owner shouted back at us that they would bring the check to the table so,  ok we went to the table ... that now only had one chair. So I said I would wait outside so the fiancé could sit down, which he did. 
Then, the same waitress who had waited on us from the start came up to him and said, "Hello sir, can I take your order?" Aaauugh. 
So badly run and confusing. There are so many good Vietnamese places in this city and this is not one of them. The good reviews this place has baffles me.We went by last night around closing time. I will be honest- the food was not appealing. Given, I'm from So Cal, so the Vietnamese food there is the real thing. There was no flavor, just salt in my Bun with "grilled" beef. The flavor was not authentic. I mean, there were steamed vegetables with the rice and grilled pork... I guess this place would be good for people who have never tasted real Vietnamese food before. But 3 stars for nice service.Had lunch at Lilly's yesterday was more than pleasantly surprised. I am a foodie and all about authentic food and high quality. This place delivered on the food and the service. Eat here if you want to feel like your eating a home cooked vietnamese meal.Excellent veggie pho, perfect summer rolls and peanut sauce, and great service at lunchtime. What else can I say? As good as any pho I've had!We eat vietnamese often and found Lillys. The food was well prepared, and tasty, but eh service and attention to our beverages was dissapointing. It was a bit later in the evening and not as busy as one would expect when your water glasses go empty for extended periods of time.  I will try them again and hope the service and attention was a fluke.It's all good! The best, freshest Vietnamese food in New Orleans with excellent service and reasonable prices.Best pho I've had in New Orleans, Las Vegas or Los Angeles! 
Small spot right on Magazine in the LGD, the service is friendly and the pho broth is super flavorful. 
Try the chicken pho, and add veggies to amp it up. 
Spring rolls and tofu rolls are good. They have avocado in them which is different but not bad. Although I have not tried it, my friend highly recommends the spicy shrimp and beef ball pho.- have sinuses so went to get the spicy shrimp Pho last night
- i don't know what is in the broth but it cleared me right up
-it is delish!!
- that is the only thing i order so i cannot recommend anything else- sorry the spicy pho is awesome.I really like this place!
I stopped by on a sweaty afternoon to get out of the heat - and of course got hot/spicy food. Fight fire with fire I guess?
I got the Spicy Shrimp bun and my boyfriend got the Combo Pho. Both were really clean tasting - not too salty or fatty. I did not have to add any sauces or spices to either dish (besides the fresh jalapenos in the pho broth YUM!) because there were enough flavors to begin with. 
My favorite dish were the Summer rolls with Shrimp, Viet ham, Avocado and strawberry. I was a little hesitant at the thought of berries tainting my roll, but they paired super well with all the flavors in the dish - especially the peanut buttery dipping sauce. 
Plus, the (I believe) owner was just about the sweetest person on the planet! Try it out!Order lunch here at least once or twice a week.  Totally addicted to their PHO.I went to this place solely on the Yelp reviews and I was not impressed. 
Wife and I shared a grilled pork Banh Mi which was the only great thing. The Pho we were served had an expired broth taste, hopefully it wasn't just because we arrived an hour before closing but nonetheless it was unexpected. It wasn't worth a complaint so I ordered a coconut bobo tea to go to wash that mess down(did not have frozen). 
Would I come back next time I'm in New Orleans while craving Vietnamese? No.Amazing food, great service, nice people and nice decor! What more could you want?
Love that they have a separate vegetarian menu and very conscious about ingredients etc.
Their vegetarian pho is the best ... I drank all the broth (I normally never do that!)Brilliant, being a vegetarian it's hard to get a good veg meal with taste and spice, this place delivered, loved the spicy tofu. Would highly recommend this place, the veg spread spring rolls were so tasty..This is the best pho I've ever had. I'm usually pretty indifferent about pho and thought maybe it wasn't for me, but then I ate the chicken pho bowl at Lilly's Cafe! Absolutely delicious and one of the best meals we had during our trip to NOLA.Lilly's is actually the best Vietnamese option in east river New Orleans. Please diversify your menu though: more unusual  but typical Vietnamese dishes, salted plum drink, salted limeade, local seafood pho (can't there be a pho with local crab?), sweet rice pudding. I was totally full after pho and a bahn mi, but would've still ordered a rice pudding if it were on the menu. Tahn Din may be on the Westbank, but I have a feeling their simple food can be offered anywhere. Carrot julianne on bahn mi needs to be sweeter.I debated whether to give Lilly's four stars or three. I think the food is a solid four but the service is a two. Hence the three stars. 
If you want pho that will hit the spot on a rainy day, Lilly's is a great choice. The broth is light and the noodles plenty. The spring and summer rolls are delicious, too. The summer roll is especially well-balanced, with none of the ingredients overpowering the others. However, the peanut sauce is wanting as it tasted watered-down and seriously lacked the thick-nutty taste of a peanut sauce.
Onto the service: We visited twice - once for the spring rolls for an afternoon snack and once for lunch. On both occasions, we were given our checks prior to finishing our meals. I can maybe get over it during lunch time because the restaurant was packed, but there were less than five tables occupied during the afternoon. I think something small like that really makes you feel unwelcomed at the restaurant and all they want you to do is pay up and leave.When I'm not feeling well I come to Lilly's for their pho.  This means I get it to-go so I can enjoy in the comfort of my home.  They always give you tons of the fixin's with your to-go order.  Last time I went i tried their spring roll with avocado and strawberry's because I'm all for trying new tastes.  It was so refreshing and light.  They didn't last long.  The service is always sweet except when they try to get you to go do your nails next door.  Not that I blame them but still.  Don't let that stop you from going.  Trust me... you'll love this place.I'm late but this place is the best.
Lily is the greatest hostess- the food is comfort food that is the perfect weeknight stop when you can't bring yourself to cook dinner.I cannot say enough nice things about Lilly's Cafe. The food is delicious and I wish I could eat here everyday. Lately it feels like I've been doing just that. My favorite offerings are the grilled pork banh mi and grilled pork bun. What can I say, I like pig. The french bread is crusty and the sandwich is filling. Also has a nice kick of jalapenos to keep you interested. The noodles are so good with the included fish sauce and sometimes I'll add a chopped egg roll on top for some crunch.  I will also often order the shrimp spring rolls and consume more peanut sauce than really needed, but the stuff is so damn good. I'm not a pho girl, but multiple friends that I've dined with have sworn by its tastiness and adding Sriracha sauce would probably knock out any cold. One friend now blames me for putting her on to Lilly's because she can no longer think of anywhere else to eat on break. 
Speaking of break, extra kudos to Lilly's for being open those slow hours between 3-5pm. That saves us other service industry folks from starving and/or resorting to crappy non-Vietnamese food. I am a big fan of the jasmine iced tea and strawberry lemonade. The Vietnamese iced coffee or cafe sua da for you culturally hip folks is fantastic and I cannot replicate it at my house. Nor would I want to because I would be depriving myself of the opportunity to chat with Lilly. Owner and deliverer of food extraordinare, this woman is a delight. She has called me pretty, given me giant cups of iced tea, even telling me to drink while I waited for my to-go food so she could refill it before I left, refused a larger tip because "it was too much and you work hard", brought me extra peanut sauce, and chuckled at me when I ordered a chicken banh mi instead of pork. My friend and I once asked if she would adopt us. She replied no, but that's not gonna stop us from feeling like favored nieces at the most awesome neighborhood Vietnamese auntie's house.
So go. Order a lot and tip more. If you can get away with it.Got the rice with grilled pork. It was not good. Pork was dry and it was not freshly grilled. Not much of favor to it.