The food and the ambience were fabulous. I had the shrimp and grits while I enjoyed some fantastic Jazz on the piano.Fantastic service from Kim. Had an amazing fried chicken special. Seriously one of the best fried chicken dinners I've ever had. And really good music.Come for the music, not the food.  Dined here twice and both times the entrées were less than impressive. Pork porterhouse from last time was way too tough. Ordered the "Handmade Ravioli" this time and it was pretty bad, too salty, sour, and heavy.  The texture of the filling was very strange and the whole ravioli was undercooked, like well below al dente.  I told the waitress this when she collected my half eaten plate since she asked how I liked it.  "I didn't really" and etc, etc but they didn't do anything about it on my bill.  Whatever.  Chocolate grand marnier ice cream was bleh.  It was runnier than gelato, heavy, and the flavor was too sweet even for chocolate.  Fail.
HOWEVER, the musical talent that they book there and the servers, now THEY are impressive.  Super friendly table service and they book some of the best musical talents in NOLA. The venue itself is well ventilated so it doesn't get stuffy and the stage is lit nicely.  Street parking is slightly easier here than in the FQ itself so I would come back to listen to the music which will usually run you $10 in advanced +$2.50 service fee or $15 at the door.This was one of my favorite music venues/restaurants in New Orleans.
I had the Smoked Pork Porterhouse which consisted of fresh berry-apricot compote, braised greens, and cheddar-sweet potato gratin. It was very juicy and full of flavor. I also had some sort of whiskey drink that had actual walnuts and sugar in it. This place must be visited if you are in New Orleans. You will not be disappointed.I walked in by accident to this place and was tremendously surprised by the amazing service, live entertainment, and quality of the food. It was to die for. While you must buy all of your meal items separately, it was still a great tasting meal. The servers did not rush me out and actually encouraged me to hang out and enjoy the music. I was pleasantly surprised to see two great Jazz legends walk up on stage while I was eating dinner. You just never know who you are in the presence of...such as Charlie Miller and Delfeayo Marsalis. In fact, it was so good that I am heading back there tonight instead of going to the French Quarter like so many other people.Most of these stars are owed to the food and the band, which were just lovely. While the waitstaff was performing their best, having only two and one bartender on working Sunday for brunch seems silly. They were just spread too thin. Having one more sever would mean that we would have probably gotten a coffee refill. I feel this little gem is not fulfilling its potential .$13.99 buffet in NOLA unheard of!!! Only reason for the 4/5 stars, it needs more less carb selections only 5-6 dishes to choose from- mixed salad, two dressings to choose from, fried chicken (needed some salt and pepper the breading was perfect texture and crunch just lacked flavor), roasted chicken (very flavorful) corn pudding, Mac and cheese, greens, andouille sausage and chicken gumbo with rice (OMG SMACK YER MOMMA GOOD!!), they replaced the empty corn pudding with some seasoned butter beans. That is all they offered nothing sweet.Little Gem was recommended to us by the concierge at our hotel.  We walked around New Orleans all day and were exhausted by the time we arrived, but it was a perfect end to the day.  Messy Cookers Trio was the jazz band playing that evening, and we ordered some appetizers to start as we enjoyed their show.  We tried the ribs and slaw, BBQ shrimp and cornbread, and fried green tomato wedges.  All were very tasty -- especially the shrimp!
We had a table of 13 and the service we received for our group was excellent.  Our server was always checking in and quick to get anything we needed.  We had a couple vegetarians in the group, and the only vegetarian entrée option (the ravioli) was unfortunately not available that night.  The chef made a delicious pasta jambalaya instead.  My sister had the shrimp and grits, and that was really tasty and flavorful.  
The restaurant has a nice upscale feel, and it is a wonderful escape from the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter.We saw Detroit Brooks and company on a friday night over dinner and drinks and we really enjoyed ourselves. They took some recommendations and sang happy birthday to the birthday girl. Our waiter was extremely nice. It was actually really cold inside though bring a jacket!Ate dinner here before a basketball game with a friend and friends of hers. Received a glass of house wine for free thanks to my check-in. The white wine fit perfectly with the shrimp and grits, which was very good!I really like this place. My wife and I came here for dinner, and we got to see Ingrid Lucia and her band; they were excellent. Both the atmosphere and food was great, and I really like what they've done with the interior; it has a very cool feel.They didnt validate the tickets we purchased when we came in set a tone we could have walked in and not paid in advance. On the bright side, our table was ready when we arrived. The drinks were decent and kept us distracted like the endless cornbread being served at the table  while waited for our food. The music was great (Deacon John & the Ivories was engaging and so amazing!)  but even though we had a big party the food was brought out over 45 min after we ordered. Most of our food was cold and needed additional seasoning to be enjoyed. Most of our party was sincerely dissatisfied with our meal. If you are looking for a date night spot you might enjoy it based on the amazing band alone.Went to hear music, blues blowout, and they switched menu to football day menu. It was Saturday night.  $15 for burger and fries and they brought the fries cold.  My friends got a salad and the dressing was supposed to be blue cheese, but it was disgusting, consistency of mayonnaise. The waitress dropped off the salad without forks and didn't return for 30 minutes. I hate rips offs and poor service. Very limited menu and they weren't that busy.  That was just greedy.  I'll never go back there for music no matter who is playing.As an overall experience, this was my favorite dinner in my 4 nights in New Orleans. This place is definitely a "gem". 
Everything was perfect: the service, the food and the ambience. But the real coup de gras was the live jazz - simply awesome.
The 4-piece band kept me and my buddy glued to our seats for 3 hours. It definitely helped that the food matched the excellence of the music, simply an amazing evening.
This is on my "must return" list. Check it out!The band was amazing, the food didn't live up to the hype or the cost. Our server left halfway through our meal (no heads up) and the server who took over never explained this and we had to flag her down. The venue itself was beautiful and quaint. Overall we were bummed.Be sure to call and be sure they aren't charging for the show. We made reservations because the menu looked great but we decided to forego it when we were notified after arriving there was a $22.00 per person charge on top of dinner.Came here for brunch. Great band, awesome food, fun ambiance, and attentive service. 
Just as an FYI and based on other reviews below, "barbecued shrimp" in New Orleans is a bit of a misnomer. Dishes with that title do not contain barbecued shrimp -- rather, this dish contains pan fried/grilled shrimp sitting in a rich, deep, buttery sauce. I wouldn't give a negative review just because of that miscommunication.Little Gem is a great spot to grab a drink and listen to one of New Orleans many great artists. Had the absolute best service from Justin even after he had worked two double shifts that weekend. Food is decent but the real star of the show is the ambiance. Go for the gumbo and skip the crab cakes. They are a bit small and have a lot of breading. To be fair, it's hard to impress this Maryland girl anywhere outside of Baltimore. The crawfish Mac and cheese is pretty tasty as well. They can do it with or without the bacon.  Reservations are recommended as the place is fairly small but there are several large tables for bigger groups.Recommended by a friend who had a great experience the previous night and she wanted to eat here a second time. Our drinks were outstanding and I enjoyed the Little Cubano. We all had a great time with our cocktails and I would highly recommend getting yourself any cocktail on the bar menu. The cocktails seemed to be what everyone in the restaurant was enjoying and discussing. 
It was a crazy, busy night for the Gem staff and our servers not only changed, but were distracted. They were very nice although we just didn't get the attention we expected in comparison to other NOLA restaurants. The music was 1940's jazz, which we all loved. It was a lot less noisy than other downtown eateries and we were all very relaxed in the lovely Gem atmosphere. 
We did not ask for recommendations from the server and I think this was our mistake. Other patrons seemed to be enjoying cocktails and food we had not ordered. We think we just hit an "off" night. I had the mussels starter and although mussels in general can be gritty, mine were extremely gritty. They were delicious but I was chewing on grit hours after I had finished eating. Honestly, the mussels at Joe's Crab Shack are better. The salads were sub-par, plain,  and just no comparison to the salads at Walk-On's, which is right next door to the Gem. Choose something else over a salad.
Our friend had the barbecued shrimp the previous night and raved about her meal. The second night, she had the crawfish macaroni and cheese. Her mac and cheese was tasty, although she felt Kraft mac and cheese was better. We all wished we had ordered the barbecue shrimp. I would highly recommend the barbecue shrimp over other menu items. 
The truffle fries were just okay. Overall, the food experience was disappointing and the menu prices were higher than what we had been paying in other restaurants. 
The Little Gem Saloon is a stark contrast to Bourbon Street with the loud music and horrible drinks. If you would like a quiet, peaceful, relaxing experience with old jazz and great cocktails, this is the place to be. Choose your entrees carefully and realize not every item on the menu is a "gem."Good food and good times. Service can be a little spotty and slow but otherwise great.Spent one night and one day setting up for a special recording upstairs and the entire staff was awesome!  They really went out of the way to make sure everyone was comfortable, I will be going back soon to experience the great live music and the amazing food we received on our last day.I thought the burger was good. We went for the Saturday night show Kermit ruffins, who I enjoyed immensely. Nice little piece of New Orleans history and jazz. Service was good, and the crowd was enthusiastic. Overall I would recommend it but I wished they had posted something about the 22$ cover charge. I called in the afternoon and nobody mentioned it and there was nothing on the website. Otherwise I would have given 5 stars.What an amazing night CCWC (Corporate Council Women of Color)  had at this place. It was a corporate party and we were treated with the utmost respect. Bryan was our bartender and he was as sweet as can be! Thank you Adam Lee for all your help and your beautiful energy. I can't remember the name of the band that was playing, but we were in awe at the talent! When I come back to NOLA, I know exactly where to go! Thank you Little Gem Saloon, you are truly a gem.We were able to get in without planning ahead during the French Quarter Fest.  Soul Project provided music while we were pleasantly surprised by the food.  The truffled grits and bread pudding were excellent.  While the service was not up to the usual fine standards of NOLA, I have no complaints about the friendliness, attention or timing.  It was just a little clumsier than we have experienced in this restaurant rich town.  Perhaps the waiter was new or pulling down two jobs as he also greeted us at the door. Certainly nothing to stop us from going again.  We bagged out before the upstairs jazz show started much to my dismay.  I really hope this restaurant succeeds.  It  is a noble venture.Are you a tourist? No? Well then you should know better than to eat here. Unfortunately, a tourist friend of mine booked an open table here when she couldn't find a reservation anywhere else. So here we go:
First, Little Gem, you cannot charge a cover ($15) when people have come to your restaurant to eat. That is so insanely tacky. And, if you have charged a cover, your performer cannot go around the room asking for tips. Tips are for those performers who are not paid directly, which judging from the cover, "because there is a band", your performers were. Also, the music playing was tourist jazz, which you can hear literally anywhere else in the city for less.
$9.00 for a well gin and tonic. Just no. 
$14.00 for two tiny bites of alligator sausage. Also no.
The rest of the food our table received was also dull, flavorless and uninspired. It was like they copied menus from other restaurants around the city , but had no idea how to execute them.
Service, slow and incompetent, we were there forever. We asked for individual checks. The server did not say he wouldn't do it. Yet he came back with two checks for six people but the items for the people were not correct. Paying was a mess. 
There are so many better options in this city, go somewhere that is not here.Kermit Ruffins & the BBQ Swingers. One of the highlights of my time in NOLA, this time hurr.
I made my dinner reservation well in advance of the show since I wanted a table, instead of being a peasant in the standing room only part of the Ramp Room. However it was not incredibly clear if you needed tickets for the show in addition to the dinner reso. You need the tickets, the dinner table reso just makes sure you get a table rather than being segregated back behind with the peasants in standing class. 
You enter through the courtyard, they check off your name, and you buy your tickets for Kermit (or whomever if on a different night.) Then you go in, up the stairs to the left to the second floor, then you enter the Ramp Room which is basically a speakeasy club. There are high tables and low tables, plus the bar around back. The high tables are where it is at so you have a clear line of sight in case an inconsiderately tall person sits at the low table in front of you, if you were at a low table too then you just see the back of that jackass's head. Nobody pays $20 for that. Get the high table.
The men's restroom is actually impressively clean. Someone spent some time in there with a toothbrush. Unlike other bars I visited there weren't 3,000 cigs in the urinals and condom wrappers strewn about elsewhere - it was impeccably clean all around.
Our waitress was also fantastic. She honored the yelp check in app deal, and then some. The current deal is a glass of house wine, but the prior deal was a free maple bourbon cocktail the last time Shamarr Allen was around these parts. Free drinks make everyone happy, but the maple bourbon cocktail makes everyone pretty dang happy because it is perf. 
I was ambivalent about what food to order, so I waited a bit and watched other tables order food so I could see what was what. The table next to us had a middle aged dude and his college aged son, I am guessing, not a date. The older guy ordered the ribs I was considering - when they came they looked excellent. The guy bit into one and liked it so much he offered one rib to his younger companion. The younger companion enjoyed it just as much - the kind of visceral "this is good food!" you can spot from a distance. So it was set, I wanted the ribs too.
The ribs are amazeballs. For a "small plate" at $11 it is quite a lot of food, and it is all good stuff too. The peach mustard BBQ sauce is quite refreshing when mixed with the cole slaw. The meat falls off of the bone easily with a fork and it is hot and juicy. I am not the biggest ribs person in the world, but these ribs could potentially make me into a fan boy for ribs. 
Little Gem is a cool, clean, basically upscale place to catch some great amazing live music like Kermit or other fantastic artists they book. Put this on your list to come catch a show - and get the ribs, at the very least you now know of two tables that were extremely satisfied by the ribsA review as a music venue or for the food and drinks?  Both, an average sort of for both.  I would sum this place up thusly.  Overpriced tourist trap with average food and drink.  I went on a Saturday night to listen to Kermit.  I love Kermit.  He asked everyone where they were from and no one seemed to be from New Orleans.  No big deal but a huge group of them didn't listen at all to the music and talked right over a local legend.  Drag.  I drank with dinner so I ordered the $8 bread pudding.  It's good but not for $8.  For $17 you get in and a place somewhere around the bar for $22 you eat dinner and get a table.  I saw a lot of folks fork over the $17 only to crowd around the bar area without a seat.  We were lucky to get a table by the bar for our $17.  I'm not sure Kermit wouldn't put on a better or different show somewhere else.  He was good but his song selection was weird.  I'm not a big fan of this place overall.Service was fine ,Chicken over cooked almost burned , not worth price was excited about going so disappointed I would not go backI visited here for lunch, I could not have been more disappointed.
Service was slow. It took over an hour to get our food.
I ordered the chicken Caesar salad, the chicken must have been cooked with fish as it had a VERY strong fish taste.
I also ordered the mac and cheese which never came. 
I left hungry, and the rest of the people in my party were disappointed in the quality of their meals. 
In Louisiana you would expect hot sauce options ....we were given tabasco sauce. 
I would never return here again based on food quality, and extremely poor service.Nice little place downtown. Just the right size to see the live performance on the stage . Good acoustic for music. Good food, Excellent service and friendly bartender.The feel of this Saloon is so artificial. We all need to go in and spill more beer, scuff it up a bit. But just a little. It's a bit rigid and unloved and unlived in because it's all newly renovated but thank goodness for all that. It's artificial because it's positioned in no man's land - there's no music scene around it to support it's potential music scene. And no Storyville nearby, like olden days, to strike a pose of uncivilized behavior and pack the house. The space should NOT be wasted though and hopefully Little Gem will find it's mini concert or slow brunch groove before it collapses under the weight of it's ghostly past. It just needs some new stars to rise from the ashes and bring their friends. It needs Burlesque. And I love the deviled eggs.Coooorn bread is great. Had shrimp, fries, and crawfish Mac n cheese.  All good service was not bad. Live music is always nice. The abita purple hazes to go made our walk back to Bourbon nice. I would go Back.Good food but portions are very small.  Terrible service!!!  Think twice!!!  It was a very disappointing $300 nigt!!!!!Great intimate jazz and blues club. Make sure you reserve one of the tables in advance - no obligation to order dinner (unless you want to) at the high tops.
Last night was Saint Joseph's Day, so lots of visitors to the show. In Addison to Kermit Ruffins regular band, he brought up Sleepy James Winfield and Nayo Jones for a few songs. Everyone was spot on, playing the favorites.
Star of the show was Haruka Kikuchi who is the young trombonist from Tokyo who has now been in New Orleans for almost 3 years. She was a crowd favorite.
Shows at 7pm and 9pm but if you come early you can stay late!Came here for Mother's Day brunch.  It was a very small menu, but really good.  The boys got shrimp and grits.  Incredible andouille sausage.  The girls all got classic breakfast.  Not a huge fan of the grits.  Biscuit was flaky and delicious!  The only negative comment was the music was very loud.  It was hard to talk and listen to each other. Service was great, too!This place was great! They had a live band, it was conveniently close to my hotel (Le Pavilion), and the food was delicious. I was able to get a free glass of wine because I checked in and it was delicious as well. It was a little pricy, but it's a classy restaurant. The hospitality was excellent as well. 5 star service!I always hate that Yelp doesn't have half star options.  Little Gem definitely doesn't deserve 4 stars based on their food but I didn't want to give them 3 stars because the doctor that owns the restaurant is a nice guy and I appreciate what he has done to the building and the idea behind the restaurant.
I have been to Little Gem twice.  The first time was right after it opened for a ticketed event to see Kermit Ruffins.  The place was very crowded and my friend and I were some of the only ones who didn't have a seat.  I think I just had a few drinks and enjoyed the atmosphere and the concert.  I would definitely return for another event like this but I would make sure to book early and reserve a table beforehand.
I went for the second time yesterday for lunch with my father.  We were there at noon on the day of the Sugar Bowl.  Downtown was pretty busy with OU and Alabama fans but the restaurant wasn't too busy.  The host let us pick our table which was nice.
The waiters who took care of us were very nice and attentive.  The only problem came with the lunch.  My father and I both ordered the Louisiana Blue Crab Cake from the "Large Plates" section of the menu.  I didn't pay attention that Crab Cake was in the singular because I never imagined that the "Large Plate" would only contain one crab cake the size of a large half dollar.  The rest of the items on the "large plate" were mostly inedible.  The fried green tomatoes, Caper-Celeriac Gribiche and the Succotash Salad were left mostly untouched on both of our plates.  In fact, it wasn't until looking over the menu to write this review that I realized that what I thought were two fried hunks of onion deceptively placed next the the singular crab cake were actually the fried green tomatoes.  The crab cake was ok for a bite and a half...
I will point out that the cost of that "large plate" was only $13 so it wasn't too horrible a value, but I think most diners would have been much happier with more crab cake and less crap to make a plate look full.
That said, I know many people like the food at this restaurant and my father likes the oysters.
The good doctor has done a tremendous job restoring this building in the CBD that sat empty for so long and the place has a great atmosphere so I will definitely be back.Zero stars for the worst place in a while. Horrible service, beer took forever, lost orders. Ran out of french fries and brought food 2 hrs after we got there.
And the food was terrible as well...Gotta give Kermit Ruffins and his show 5 stars.  What a great way to spend a Sat night in NOLA!
We'll give the food 5 stars as well.  The Oysters and BBQ shrimp were fantastic!  Once we got them...
The service however...  2 stars.  Terrible.  We waited for about 30 minutes after getting our menus for someone to take our order.  We finally flagged someone down.  Nobody seemed to be sure who our waiter was.  Once we finally ordered they came to our table with the wrong dishes. Fortunately the show was an hour and a half long so we were able to eat by the time the show was done.  The folks next to us had an even worse time. The waiter lost their order.  They had to reorder everything.  Once their food arrived they got virtually everything wrong on the order and they had to send everything back.  As we left they were having a long conversation with the manager. 
So...  great music, great food, terrible service. We'd probably go back and try our luck again.  Hopefully they'll figure it all out and get their act together.5 stars for the entertainment tonight. 0
Stars for the service. Party of 5 with a 3 year old and we've been waiting 2 hours for dinner and had to ask 3 times for the 3 year old's meal to come out. Had to track the staff down and ask for bread, drink refills. Should have read the reviews about the slow service. Kitchen staff needs some help.  Bummer because it started out as a rocking night with the band!
Ended up leaving after 2 1/2 hours with no dinner. With my almost 70 year old parents and 3 year old nephew who were in town visiting. Epic Fail Little Gem.Succulent ribs, great slaw, and some very proper shrimp to kick off the evening- what a treat! Glad this place is so close to our hotel (HIE). Live swing band was a great finish to our experience. Check it out!
Update: I had to knock this review back by one star after the "Stanton Moore Trio" show last night. First off, $10 for a mixed drink (well) in an 8oz cup is absurd. More importantly, Stanton didn't play until 2. We were initially told he'd be on by midnight (buying tickets), then 1 (entering venue). It turned out to be a very expensive waste of time.The service is rude or non existent and the food is barely passable. Thats fine because we were mainly here for the music, but i was shocked how badly organised that was. Very disappointed .The service was horrible!  It took a long time for the waitress to bring our food. When we tried to pay she charged us for food we didn't order. When my husband asked her about it she told him she "didn't have time for his shit". He told the manager and she denied it. The managers solution was to give him a beer.  Instead of fixing the mistake she made and reprimand her for talking to customers that way. They charged us $60 for a burger, an ice tea, and red beans and rice. We didn't even order alcohol. That explains why they were the only restaurant that wasn't packed on Saints game day in downtown New Orleans.10:00 on Sunday Morning - game day!  Party of 4 looking for breakfast. 
If you have been to a Saint's game, you know there is a lot of foot traffic 10 blocks in every direction.  We arrived early with the thought that we would find a place to eat before the game and then hang out at Champion's Square.  We weren't planning on visiting the Little Gem, but we were walking by, they were open, there were lots of open seats.....
As it turned out, the downstairs was mostly full, so we were directed upstairs and, from there, made our way out to the balcony.  Great location, neat view of Poydras, the weather was great.... Really, it was going to difficult for the food to keep up with the experience.  
Service was excellent, our waitress was friendly and paid attention to the table.  She got the drinks there quickly and made sure the glasses didn't go empty.  
The food....  The menu is limited, nothing light, no fruit, a couple of large breakfasts and full lunch entrees.  The vegetarian in the group couldn't find anything to eat.  Game day pricing.  Cheaper than eating in the Superdome, but not by a lot.  
We tried the sausage sandwich and the cheesecake.  I was quite surprised to find excellent sausage - I was expecting some mediocre pork sausage, but this was the best italian sausage I've had in New Orleans.  Very spicy.  It was served on average French bread, onions and green peppers and, strange to me, mustard.  Excellent sandwich.  I didn't try the cheesecake, but the reports were all positive.  
The food was too expensive and too limited to be a regular stop.  Balcony seat on a beautiful day - worth every cent.  I would do that again.  
$85 for 4 including drinks and tipsGood music.  One star for that.
Good ambiance. One star for that
Now I took 3 stars off.
Here's why, 
I came to eat while I enjoy the music and ambiance 
But couldn't really enjoy because these reasons I would probably not come back ever.
A/c was up too high, my food was cold when they brought it out and it took forever. 
Show started at 9 and I didn't start eating til about 10.
Service was very slow. 
Server was rude as hell. Getting mad and snappy while taking our order, not cool at all, she should work as a waitress if she doesn't like taking orders. 
She brought us the wrong drinks
all in all I won't be coming backGreat music, good food and service.  A must if you are looking for the true NOLA vibe.There was a blonde gentleman bartender with amazing hair on Wednesday night. Made my experience far beyond what I expected. Brought some friends in from out of town, and As a bartender in this city, it was a breath of fresh air to find someone who was not only on point with service but had the personality to make us feel welcome. He made our night incredible !   Truly a New Orleans Gem!!Friendly service, good music and great food. I highly recommend the Pulled Pork Napoleon!The show was great but much too short. the food was ok at best .... extremely small portions and way over priced. Did I say extremely small portions! the service was bad. We do not recommend.  Go see Kermit at the Blue Nile.My wife and I ate here, had drinks, and listened to Kermit Ruffins and the BBQ Swingers, who currently play here on Saturday nights. The Pecan Old Fashioned was delicious and a good variation on the original classic cocktail. The Fried Chicken was crispy, moist, and well portioned for the price. 
The only things I did not like about the place are that (a) it is somewhat unclear whether you need to purchase a ticket to a show or simply reserve a table (meaning we may have needlessly bought tickets); and (b) the tables could be set up a little better to ensure that everyone has a good view of the stage.I came here to see a band and grab a quick snack and drink. After ordering a round of four drinks and two small plates, our waiter made a really rude face at us, walked away. They quickly came back to tell us that "if people who were actually eating" came in that they would have to move us to the bar in a really rude way. Most of the tables were full, but it was a Tuesday night and with no wait. Also, many other people were holding tables with just drinks as well. The small plate of oysters was good and the truffle fries were also ok, but I just hated feeling like my order wasn't good enough to warrant good service from the staff. It just really rubbed me the wrong way and I we won't come back because of it. With so many good choices in the area, it isn't worth dealing with bad service.Loved it!  Classy but not pretentious.  Casual and welcoming.   Shrimp & Grits, Kermit Ruffins& The BBQ Swingers and one hell of a good time!  The true essance of New Orleans can be found at the Little Gem Saloon.  Awesome and attentive wait staff only adds to the awesome experience.  My wife and I had the most fabulous time ever!  If you're in  New Orleans this has to be on your "to do" list.Visited the Little Gem Saloon for the first time tonight. The theme is classy turn of the century - one which befits the historic location. Loved the long marble bar and the charming wall sconces. The stage was large enough for a 5 piece band, appreciated the studed music notes on the wall behind the band. Just came in for drinks, so can't comment on the food. The sazerac was very good, just a touch heavy handed on the bitters. My date had the Little Gem Champagne cocktail which she enjoyed very much. Fantastic renovation, good drinks, reasonable prices, what's not to like? We will definitely be back.Excellent food, wonderful live entertainment, but it really seemed like they were understaffed.  Food and drinks took a long time to come out once it got real busy.Our final evening in New Orleans we decided to go see Kermit Ruffins at The Little Gem Saloon. Very good decision.  Great show and fun atmosphere.  We had reservations for dinner . Got seated at the back of the room and were able to both face the room.  Best seats in the house.  Drinks were good and a nice crowd on a Saturday night.  We ordered a chef's special filet mignon and something off the menu.  Had to send back the menu entrée.  The chef actually came out and apologized as it was bad. He bought us a glass of wine and checked back with us toward the end of the evening. It was a wonderful time despite the entrée snafu.  The show was top drawer and just soooo New Orleans. There is standing room only at the bar which housed an enthusiastic crowd of fans.  Kermit has a big following. 
The historic space, now transformed into a taste of an Old New Orleans jazz club, is well worth the show cover.What a historic, hospitable place this is. In the block where jazz was created. 
Had drinks and supper there last night and was the highlight of our Mardis Gras experience. 
The gentleman playing the piano and singing is in his eighties and knew every request he asked of him. He had played all over the country and was amazing. The way he moved his fingers across the keyboard I couldn't do when I was 10.
The hospitality and service was fantastic. The owner gave us the history of the place and its location. Waiter kept coming back to our table to make sure all was good. 
Now for the food. All I can critique is the fried chicken but there were many lip smackings going on around the table. The flavor of the chicken was different than anything I have had before. They must marinate it in some secret spices. Delicious. Crispy on the outside and tender and juicy on the inside. Came with red beans and rice and cornbread. My wife said she would come back for just the cornbread if that is all they served. Left with full stomachs. 
All in all a great place to eat/drink. And don't forget the music. 
Will be back.Perhaps it was an off night for Kermit, but wasn't overly impressed with his show...and pricey for a 45 minute show. I didn't eat here but did find a reasonably priced bottle of wine to enjoy during the show.Jazz show   
Food  
Service 
Reason why they get an overall 3star review. 
Our waiter seemed a bit agitated and not very  welcoming, we had the crawfish mac and cheese and decided to stop there and not order anything else, big disappointment! It wasn't fresh.. we enjoyed the jazz show from 7-8 and left to have dinner in the FQ areaWe arrived too early for the music - primarily because we were walking around to find a place to eat and stumbled in at about 5:30 last week.
My wife (never the adventurous one, ordered a burger - well done. When the waiter looked at me, I said, "She wants it like a hockey puck."  I had the pan-seared chicken.
Well, the burger was, at best cooked medium (pink throughout), and she nibbled around the edges. Though I suggested we send it back, she declined, and was satisfied with the meal. She says the fries were good.
But, the pan-seared chicken! Fantastic! Just fantastic. The flavors that came out of that bird were astonishing. I wish I could reproduce it! The "root vegetables" that accompany it were also tasty, though I would have liked a side of rice, or some starch as well.
I'd give this 4 stars, or more, but the burger was a disappointment.  Would I go back? Sure! my wife? Not so much.Went here on a Saturday night for my girlfriends birthday with a party of 10. Ambiance and entertainment were 10/10,  food, 8/10 but the service destroyed any positives. 
Food and drinks arrived that we didn't order, then they insisted we did (we were all sober, it was not drunken confusion) the waitstaff never came to one end of the table, they expected us to yell our order and pass food and drinks down to the far end. They took entree orders from half the table and forgot about the other half. When they brought bread they only brought plates for half the table. 
Throughout the meal, the appetizers, drinks and empty plates were never bussed away so the table filled up everywhere. Granted, we were near the stage, but they have this entertainment every Saturday night and they should be experienced in how to handle these issues given their prices and atmosphere. When food and drinks arrived the servers and bussers didn't remember who ordered what. Food was good, but fried shrimp of my seafood platter were dead cold. 
I complimented the manager on the quality of the entertainment and the food (not counting the shrimp).  Then I told him there were many lapses in service and I pointed out all the empty plates and glasses. Half the empty dishes were cleared by the wait staff and I got some fresh shrimp (delicious). The manager agreed that it was "sloppy service" multiple times.  Pretty much immediately after we complained they brought us our bill even though we were still eating our entrees (we weren't being rowdy or rude, and they took forever to bring us our entrees or we would have already been gone). And of course it took 20-25 minutes for us to get our bill back, and we couldn't any sort of drink at the bar during that time. 
What we experienced was an entire lapse in service, The only person that didn't fail us was the hostess. don't know if they didn't pay more attention to our table because gratuity was included, they added fucking 20%!My hotel suggested this location for great food & live music - it was perfect!  The name is deceiving as it does not look like a saloon at all - the interior is very upscale - a soft light green with white accents including white tablecloths and a beautiful stage in the center of it all.  We started with martini's that were great and then switched to wine - the wine list had great affordable options that were not the typical Sonoma Cuter or Cakebread. We ended up ordering multiple appetizers and split them - there were 2 of us and after 3 choices, we were full.  The special of the day - a caprese salad was the best I have ever experienced in my life!  We had a scallop app that was fantastic - the scallops were large but cooked to perfection throughout.  We stayed at our table to listen to the live music - believe it was Camile Baudoin.  She has a beautiful voice and the band was fun.  The service at this place was perfection - they were all smiles & friendly - we stayed for hours and had fresh everything when we wanted it and were left alone when it was appropriate to just sit back & enjoy the band - we were never felt rushed to give up our table for others even after all the tables were full.  
We did have to pay a door charge when we got there to get in and their calendar looks full so just plan on going with an expectation you will be paying a bit at the door to get in because they will have live music.  Then sit back and enjoy it. 
My favorite restaurant in New Orleans nowI had heard some good things about this establishment and finally got a chance to try it out.  When I arrived there was a good band playing and a few older folks sitting at tables enjoying the music.  The building has been nicely redone and the small patio outside is a nifty nook to hang out and the upstairs is a nice place to take a break from the louder music downstairs.  I ordered the bouillabaisse and an Abita Amber for dinner.  The bouillabaisse was decent and came with four large shrimp, several mussels and some slices of fish.  I've definitely had better bouillabaisse in my time and certainly less expensive as the bill with my beer came to $31 before tip.  The other strange thing I noticed is all of their beers from Budweiser on up and including Abitas were $5.  This establishment really feels like more of bar but the food and prices are more in line with a fine dining restaurant.  For the price I really could've enjoyed better food at a better restaurant.  The price of the beer here will really prevent me from hanging out here to enjoy the music.  This place seems like it will end up catering more to the tourist crowd than the local crowd so I hope they have success with that but I wouldn't mind if they offered some locals specials with more realistic beer prices.The best Brunch in town!  Night time has great events also upstairs!!!  The owners are very friendly and will accommodate all of your needs!!!  They are also available for private parties!  This will be my Sunday Ritual!!!!Not a gem. 
This place is below average at best. Service is poor. Food is okay. Get the extra rice if you get Red Beans and Rice. Actually just don't come. This place sucks.$50 per person for food and to watch the Super Bowl, they have refreshed the food once in three hours and oversold seats for standing room only. Rice, greens, chips and no meat. The bread pudding on the second floor has been dried scraps and crusted corners baking on Sterno for hours and they still don't replace it! What a joke. Avoid his place like the plague!Got in to New Orleans at 9am and thought there would be no place to go this early.  I was wrong. The band, Swinging Gypsies, was awesome. So was the staff. Thanks for your company, Jennifer (my bartender)!  Food was good and I enjoyed making the build your own Bloody Mary!  I'll be back!Travel threw me off by a day so I came expecting to see Kermit Ruffins, which was happening the following night. Oops.  Instead, we caught the Zack Krewstub Trio followed by the Nayo Jones Experience. Both acts were really, really wonderful. Our server was an absolute sweetheart, I wish I could recall his name. Food was very good, I had the BBQ shrimp with jalapeno cornbread and a side of mac and cheese, the husband had the pork with brussel sprouts and sweet potato. We returned the following night to catch Kermit Ruffins. The crawfish cheesecake, which was recommended by another patron, was perfect, husband had the same meal as the previous night. The bartender remembered what we were drinking the night before and asked, cheerfully, "another round?".  My only regret: the Ruffins set was a bit subdued, we'd seen him at home about a year ago and the set was a completely different experience. Granted, this is a smallish space and there's no dance floor, and I suppose it's not the place for a raucous night. Which I am grateful for, don't get me wrong...  In any case, it seems that whoever owns this place really cares about it, it's evident in the music, the food and the staff. I look forward to returning when I'm next in town.Do not eat here. Abysmal service. Legendarily laughable. Period. 
Music was fabulous, and the venue lovely.
Food was mixed. Half our party thought food was fine. My entire meal was off.
My caesar salad had half an iodized salt shakers worth of salt and a teaspoon of dressing. How is this possible?
I told the waiter it was bad and no response, except leave it at the table a very long time. Next course had a gratin that came out raw and cold. The pork chop was also too tough to cut with the knife and when I asked for a steak knife they just gave me another table knife. 
The manager did respond appropriately to my complaint about the gratin, offered a replacement, removed from the bill. Thank you. Waiter asked twice if I wanted a box to take my raw gratin home???
However the bad service just continued. When one if us asked the waiter for another drink. He said he had to look it up. We ordered the drinks off their menu. 10 minutes would go by, then he would ask if we wanted ice in our drink???
One of our party asked to order dessert, the options kept changing. Then when she ordered, no one else was asked if they wanted dessert. Or coffee, or another drink, or the bill for that matter. 
So seriously, unless you like diner rage inducement, stay away. 
Or come for the music, only sit at the bar and order drinks.Fantastic place. A stylish restoration of a jazz historic landmark. The food is exceptional - we had baked oysters gratine, duck rilette, grilled shrimp w mustard sauce... and a gumbo absolutely loaded with seafood. There's much more on the menu, and they have great specialty drinks. Try the Ramos gin fizz. I think the best in New Orleans. And then there is jazz, both downstairs during happy hour, and in a jazz club upstairs in the evening. Don't miss this scene!!! The venue is first class!"This is the best place in downtown to pass by, eat local and Southern Food while you listen live music. The best artists play here; great atmosphere in an historic place where the Jazz was bornIt was 2 o'clock and I hadn't eaten lunch yet. I checked Facebook and a friend had re-posted Little Gem's lunch special - catfish almondine and greens for $10. I headed over and I am so happy I did. It was spectacular! Quite a treat for a random Tuesday. 
I also tried the chocolate mousse which was delicious. The service was top notch - talked me into trying the mousse and I don't regret it, even though I am now busting out of my pants. 
This place truly is a gem. I can't wait to go back.Terrible service. Sat at the bar and the guy with the long ponytail ignored us for 10 minutes before tending our order. Place was pretty empty. 
We ordered some appetizers and after 30 minutes I asked the bartender what the stays on our food was. No lie his words were "That's not my problem and there isn't anything I can do about it"
Finally our food came out and he just set it on the back bar for 10 minutes while he did other stuff. He knew we were waiting for it. When we got our food it was cold. The taste was mediocre at best. 
Go to walk ons next door. You'll spend less and get moreVery nice place, in a historic location.  The theme is old school food and cocktail recipes along with music in a somewhat retro environment.  Street level houses the main restaurant along with a long bar at the far end and a general focus on a raised stage that is housed on the Rampart Sreet wall.  Music will be a big deal here - the upstairs with darker, cool decor has a lot of weekend shows as well as apparently hositing some private parties.
The difference between Little Gem and most music venues is that there's a lot of seating and you can get a good meal downstairs on the main level.  The kitchen has been through some ups and downs during its initial months of operation but on my most recent visit during Jazz Fest it appears the kitchen has finally hit its stride.  Everything was pretty good and while not cheap I am confident the food can now stand on its own - some of the bad items have been removed from the menu and virtually everything appears to be done well.  Shrimp & grits were very good although the entire portion would be a bit overwhelming with the rich cream sauce, while the oxtail stew still tends to be served under-seasoned but once adding salt it is still very good - especially when dipping your bread.  A steak on the most recent visit came out cooked perfectly while side items such as asparagus were good and the mashed potatoes were truly excellent.  Quail is done well, fried oysters were excellent, and the duck confit was overcooked and unfortunately nothing special but still an okay option on the menu.  Certainly the food at Little Gem is never going to be cutting edge and they've gone more of a steakhouse route toward a la carte where you need to order side items separately.  It works okay for me, but it remains to be seen if people will want to pay these prices after the Jazz Fest crowd leaves town.
The current wine list is on the small side but there are a sufficient number of options by the glass and the stemware is decent.  The cocktail list is pretty good and service was better on my recent visit than on previous excursions to Little Gem.  This is a perfect venue for folks like Kermit Ruffins and Meschiya Lake, and we really enjoyed Beausoleil during Jazz Fest in a small environment where everyone has a great view from their table in the restaurant.  As long as they continue to book great shows, Little Gem will be a great option for true New Orleans music and the food now appears to finally be matching the environment.  It's certainly a little pricey, but a lot better than its competitor Palm Court and more of a true restaurant experience with better sight lines than Three Muses so this will continue to be a nice option for music & food.Very nice cozy place. Was here for a comedy show called "Hell Yes Fest" . Great ambiance with nice big open spaces upstairs for private events. Downstairs is where the weekly music acts perform. Has an old timey speakeasy feel. The "ramp room" upstairs named for its proximity to Rampart St , where some of jazz's most influential acts started their careers, has great size bar and ample seating for a range of differing acts. Also has a beautiful balcony overlooking Poydras St. great spot for a nighttime cocktail ! Would highly recommend it.Went for lunch as they are now open from 10-2 during the week. We were seated at 1135 and ordered at 1140. We both ordered sandwiches (fried green tomato and a ham and cheese). I was looking forward to my ham and cheese as they were smoking it outside and it smelled fantastic. The food arrived at 1215. We were one of two tables and 2 of 4 people in the entire place. They had more staff than patrons and it took 30+ minutes to get our sandwiches. No explanation given. The food was okay at best. Tomatoes appeared to be fried in a seafood batter and the ham sandwich had very little ham and dressing. I tasted mostly bread. The side of collard greens and the overall atmosphere keep me from selecting 1 star. This is place is better for drinks and live music (although the drinks are a little pricey, even for the area). I recommend avoiding it at lunch.Definitely not what we were expecting! Excellent live music. The venue felt like a hip wine bar, but served southern food and had live jazz music. We were expecting something a little more casual. Most of the people walking in looked similarly confused. That said I enjoyed the little plates to share. Ribs and mac n' cheese were tasty. Interesting fried chicken and bread pudding. It was more like fried chicken and a big block of stuffing. The shrimp and grits was just spicy enough with large shrimp. The service was non-existent. We tried to order drinks, but never saw our waiter after we ordered until we paid. We also wanted to order more food and dessert, but gave up. In the end, my husband went to find the waiter just to pay and then we went to another restaurant for dessert and drinks. The music was fantastic though!What a great low key, authentic restaurant! Our waiter, Geo was great. Actually, he wasn't supposed to be our waiter, but another waiter was cut for the evening. Geo noticed we haven't been served, so he ended up serving us. Because we waited so long he gave me a beer on the house for the inconvenience. Later on after we ate, I asked Geo how they got their grits so creamy. To my suprise he asked the head chef to speak with me. Chef Michael Shelton came out and entertained at least a 15 min conversation with me about culinary topics! What a humble gesture! The place is unpretentious, however still classy.Went here because buddy bolden used to play here. Food was great, Cesar salad actually had anchovies in the dressing, crab cakes were tasty, way overpriced for my tastes though, otherwise I would've given it four stars.Brought s party of 12 here , which was prearranged by the NOPSI hotel.  When we arrived it took them 30 minutes to deliver our first round of drinks . I finally got up to retrieve the final drink ( which they simply forgot)so I could make a toast and when I approached the bar a bartender named Rob scowled at me and said "what's your problem it hadn't been that Long "
The  waiter Giovanni did his best all night long to give us incredible service and quite frankly he is the only Gem at the little Gem.  The food was ultimately mediocre and they struggled to get it out in a timely manner.  My travel coordinator called the next day to complain and the owner was unpleasant and stated that she was not present and couldn't speak for me ( also mentioned we tipped big so we must have been happy ...the tip was for Giovanni who did his best to save them from themselves). My advice to the little Gem is to fire Rob the bartender and hire a great manager who understands good food and service. Avoid this place ... easy to do much better in NOLA!I always try to see Kermit Ruffins when in NOLA & his brunch show at Little Gem fit with our schedule.  First, the entertainment- 5 Stars. He played for almost 3 hours.  A great show & a trip highlight! The setting was intimate, venue is beautiful & acoustics were great! The interaction with the smaller venue is unmatched! The restoration of Little Gem is worth seeing. We had the brunch buffet at $40 but it was well worth it. (The total entertainment & brunch were $60 so expectations were high) The servers were hospitable & southern fare brunch bar was good & plentiful- chicken, catfish, crawfish etouffee, grits, shrimp. The service not quite as polished as other places but gracious. Will see a show & eat at Little Gem next time in town.I ate the lunchtime buffet on a Friday afternoon. The chicken and Mac n Cheese were both excellent.Great service...our waiter was very personable and we had front and center seats for the band .  Perfect date night!  The inside of the restaurant is very clean and classy.  Food was pretty good, but portions were slightly small for the price.  We started with the fried oysters and then had the blackened catfish and shrimp, and the short ribs with sweet potatoes.  The band, Sonic Harvest, was really great!I almost like I'm cheating by adding The Little Gem to my list after just having a few appetizers, but I'm giving it a go anyway. The Little Gem is a historic building/club that started its jazz music in the early 1900s. It just recently re-opened after a long layoff; and it's really an upscale place. I'm looking forward to getting there to listen to some music because of its history, and because they get a lot of good musicians in here.
I tried the crab fritters, which are basically crab balls with a tasty tabasco-based sauce. They were outstanding, as they should have been at three for $11. I also tried the frites with aioli which I have heard are excellent - and they are. The salads also looked pretty good. They also had half-price beer and wine for happy hour which was a pretty good deal. I'm thinking I need to get back there for a real meal, but in general, everything was very good, just expensive. I'll give the food a 36 out of 50.
The atmosphere was quite bad, but let me clarify quickly. We were there for a little food before a Pelicans game, so there was some sort of live podcast being done and it was pretty awful, just some guys fooling around. In some ways, the ridiculousness of it made it a little funny, but almost painful as well. On a normal night, I would expect the atmosphere is very good - a fancy, old-time feel place. I'll give it a 22 out of 30.
The service was fine, except we were charged full price for our drinks at first. When I asked about it, it seemed like we had done something wrong. The waitress begrudgingly agreed to check on it and came back with the bill adjusted, like she did us a big favor. This despite the big sign in front of the doors advertising the half-price drinks. I won't knock it too much because it was taken care of, but a little weird. Service is a 10 out of 20.
Final score = 68 (I created a restaurant ranking system which includes a total of 100 points: 50 for food, 30 for atmosphere and 20 for service).Great food, amazing vibe, and music that transforms the soul! Got to hang out with Kermit Ruffin and hear him play all night long! Amazing all female bartenders, tonight at least... excellent service and tasty "fuck that diet" food!Can only speak for drinks. Dirty martini was "ok". Had to ask for more olive juice. Mojitos were better at home and there are no professional mixers at the house.Had a great time watching a blues band and enjoying lovely southern food. Had the stewed tomatoes and okra with cheddar and leek biscuits. Everything was well seasoned and no need for hot sauce. 
The gin-tilly was lovely. Great botanical flavor. The rosemary is a perfect compliment to the gin. 
Our waiter was a kooky dude but he was funny and helpful. 
Only issue I had was with the host. Seems stuck up his own bum.Went their for lunch after a meeting... Very slow service and inattentive. Never got refills because they said they were out of glasses. Mac and cheese and fried chicken are its only saving graceJust waited 2 hours for our food. No apology from manager, even after complaints. Food was fine, but service was incredibly bad.This is a cool old bar within walking distance from the Hyatt Regency. It has a tin ceiling and an old wood bar. They had music the night we were there and the guy who played southern folk and jazz stuff was good. Our meal took over an hour to be served due to a mistake in the kitchen. We were in no hurry and they gave us a free dessert which was good. The food was good when it finally came. We had grilled chicken and shrimp and grits. A martini was $13. I asked for the house vodka and they used Ketel. Overall, we enjoyed our meal and I'd go here again.The bottomless mimosa brunch on Sunday with live music was great!!! Our server Brian took awesome care of us and our drinks were never low.
The fried mac and cheese bites with Siracha cream sauce was amazing! The Bienville oysters were also fantastic.
Whatever you do though, don't miss the fried chicken. OMG...so good!! We'll be back!Went to Little Gem Saloon for brunch today with a friend and it was absolutely fantastic.  The buffet was incredible, with a 4th of July meets the world theme,  Featuring bbq ribs and chicken, with grits bathed in a delicious curry-based sauce--yep, curry and grits! Also, greens that tasted like mom's (yum), macaroni pasta primavera, again a new take on a 4th classic, and mixed baked beans that were savory with a hint of sweetness, finalized by a mixed salad with eggs, avacado and delicious tomatoes.  Service was excellent, we had smooth and rich coffee, and one of the owners personally came to our table to ensure we were satisfied.  Whether you are living in or visiting New Orleans, do yourself a favor.  Get out of the Quarter, go to the corner of Poydras and South Rampart to a historic place of jazz music (and who features great live music every night and most Sundays for brunch), and enjoy the best food and service in town.  Little Gem lives up to its' name--it is truly a Gem!!  
David DoddI was at the Little Gem once about two years ago. We waited 30-40 minutes without being acknowledged by the waitstaff and decided to leave. With hesitation, four friends and I decided to return this morning for Little Freddie King and eat brunch. The morning was off to a great start and the music was fantastic...but the music was the only positive to our experience. We ordered around 11:15 and were ignored (less water and drink refills from the bussing staff). An hour later we inquired about our food (we noticed the food was taking a long time for everyone) and they said they were plating it. Five orders came out over the course of twenty minutes, around 12:45pm. Most of the food was cold to the touch. Here's a breakdown of what we ordered:
Gumbo: cold to the touch and one of the first to arrive. The manager explained they didn't have gumbo and were in a rush to heat it which is why it was cold. After it was sent back, the same plate clearly came back fresh out of the microwave. We would have adjusted our order if we knew they did not have the gumbo ready or were rushing to heat from frozen. 
Sausage, shrimp, and cheddar omelet:
One of first to arrive but room temp and average. Plate was missing the side of grits. Probably the best plate we were served, but a 2/10 at best. 
Basic Breakfast:
Luke-warm as well with cold eggs, cold biscuit, and solid grits. We waited 90minutes for that at Sunday brunch?
Etouffee Benedict:
Cold eggs and crawfish in room-temp sauce. Asked to be reheated and eggs came back hard boiled (see picture).
Fried catfish Benedict:
The last dish to arrive and clearly microwaved as well. The fish was soggy and greasy and the "poached" eggs had solid yolks, as if they had been hard boiled.
While the manager attempted to make it right by bringing us the "proper dishes," they were all clearly sad attempts at reheating rather than remaking the order. The food was removed from the bill and we will never return. I do not trust the FOH or BOH management to handle food I will eat ever again. The wait on its own is inexcusable and the quality of what was served is embarrassing. The pricing far exceeds the portion size and quality at Little Gem. I have great respect for Little Freddie King, but will not step foot in the Little Gem again.Nice idea. Restaurant at the bottom, entertainment at the top... channeling a little Snug Harbor I see. U dine & the night is still young; so you journey upstairs for part II of your evening. 
I didn't eat any food. But I was told by a fellow party-goer; that it was phenomenal. She had the shrimp & grits, looked pretty appealing. However, there was a bit of flack at the cost. I noticed this myself as I purchased a $9 shot of Tequila (not Patron, who doesn't stock Patron?). But I guess it was a generous shot, so I guess I shouldn't complain & after all IT IS IN THE DOWNTOWN/CBD (tourist central). 
The live music upstairs has a $10 cover on the door. But for the talent that comes thru, thats not bad, somebodys gotta pay Shamarr Allen, Kermit Ruffins, Meschiya Lake, Dr Michael White & others of their caliber to "do their dance do their dance" (as Shamarr Allen instructed us to do). 
There's complimentary valet parking, but get there early because I was told they "ran out of parking spots..." how & where does that happen??? #ijs. lol. 
The upstairs outdoor balcony is quite breathtaking. Nice "duck-off" for a minute or so. The tables & chairs allow you to stay as long or as little as you want. 
Maybe next time I'll try the food, but I'll prepare my wallet first.Had a reservation for 6 and got the table directly in front of the band! Our goal was to hear good live music while we dined, and that certainly was fufilled! The band (Meschiya Lake and the Little Big Horns) was awesome and not overly loud. The restaurant was clean and the kitchen was prompt (granted it was pretty late so it was past the crowded time, but still.) The food was delicious - would recommend the Grits, which taste like buttered mashed potatoes, Fried Green Tomatoes, Carmelized Red Cabbage! would NOT recommend the Barbecue Shrimp cuz it's flavor and value (3 shrimp) were soso. Good service too!The Little Gem Saloon is in about it's 4th incarnation since it opened less than 2 years ago, not a great sign but they've got it pretty close this time.  Honestly the food on a number of recent visits has been very good and I won't hesitate to eat here when there's a good show.  They've got Kermit playing just about weekly plus Beausoleil plays every Jazz Fest and I've seen Dr. Michael White twice who just doesn't play very often around town so it's a perfect place for catching a number of artists while you're eating good (if slightly overpriced) food.  I wish the menu was a bit larger and it's in desperate need to a nice house made burger (they used to have a generic pre-frozen burger on the menu which wasn't good) as well as a better steak (on a couple of recent visits the hanger steak was tough and just not very flavorful) but most items on the menu are quite good.  Fried oysters are excellent and work perfectly when added the house salad, the BBQ shrimp appetizer has small shrimp but importantly they're already peeled and the sauce has good flavor, the fried chicken entree is unique with a thick, spicy crust and very good bread pudding & braised greens that are a perfect complement.  On a recent visit they had specials (for the first time I can recall) and the crawfish cheesecake appetizer was excellent as was my duck confit with figs, brussels sprouts, etc.  Side items are generally above average and for the most part you'll get a very good meal at Little Gem Saloon.
The largest issue historically has been just plain bad service and high staff turnover.  I've eaten here 5-10 times since they opened and the last few times had pretty good table service.  I actually prefer to sit at the bar for quick service, but things do appear to be getting better.  That being said, try to get your order in before the show starts (when they start to get busy) or you could be in for a bit of a wait
Overall, I think Little Gem has finally turned the corner and seems to have a good team in place since April so we'll see how it goes.  It's definitely the most upscale feeling music club in New Orleans and they have two nice music spaces with good talent booking so this is one of my favorite music venues in town and I expect to continue going back.The music was five stars! Mark Stone, John Mooney, and Joe Kroeber put on a fabulous show! But the little Gem is trying to cram way too many tables into the space they have and there is not room for guests or servers to navigate the crowd.  Our server was either new or not well-trained. She mispronounced Boudin and did not know the preparation of the fish of the day nor the price. My water glass was frequently empty. at the end of the meal we asked for a check to be split and she said that one couple had asked at the beginning but because we hadn't asked earlier we could not have a split check. Not sure if this was true or just her way. Also the food was Way below New Orleans par. Crawfish mac & cheese appeared to come out of a box. Barbecue shrimp were good but cold. They were supposed to be served with grilled French bread. When I asked for some our server said they didn't  have any. Friends were disappointed in the portions they received for the dollars they paid. I'll definitely go back to the Little gem for music but not for food.Went for the Kermit Ruffins show - great music, beautiful place, good food - horrible, horrible, horrible bartender! For the price of their food and drinks, with a bar tab of over $120 at the end of the night, I expect damn good service - and she was awful. 
We'll try it again in a few months and hope for better service next time.Came here to hear Jamison Ross Celebrate Nina Simone. Great show. Good food. Awesome ambiance. Seafood platter was smaller than I'm used to but it was very tasty! Great place to hang out, hear good music, and have a good meal. He's here all week.Went in last night with coworkers for dinner and live music. Had a local band there who played for 2 hours straight- we had the best time. They were out of shrimp :-( but the cheesecake more than made up for it :-). Next time I am in town, I will returnCame here after our plans to go to the gospel brunch at HOB fell through (sold out).  We thought, how bad could it be..... Little Freddie blues singer, endless mimosas and bloody Marys, delicious looking menu.   And it was awesome!  
Our server was very attentive... constantly kept hubby's mimosas refilled. I got the Bloody Marys and they have a little bar area for you to dress it up how you want. Delicious!  I got a waffle and a side of cheesy grits. Omg you have to get the grits!  Hubby got the crawfish etoufee Benedict and he devoured it.  Little Freddie was great and we got to talk to him during his break. 
My only (minor) complaints were they didn't refill the bacon on the Bloody Mary bar. I got a piece with my first drink, but then it was empty and they didn't refill it. Also, my waffle was a bit overpriced. $15. It was the same price as the chicken livers and waffle.  It was all good though because we drank an extra drink or two while we waited out the brief storm that blew through.  Will definitely be back!So 5 stars for Kermit show - but what a cluster of an operation! At the entrance they need 2 lines - one for tickets that have been bought and one for people trying to buy tickets. We had bought tickets in advance and had a table reservation. Mass confusion with the door staff, the woman checking people in (two of us got a wrist stamp, 3 didn't - don't know why) and people waiting to either get in or get called (no clear reason for who was which) total mess that could be fixed with -oh say - a sign. Only got our table because I was at the door with door guy who finally let me get the last one open -- other part of our group still with the wrist stamper so had to get them forward.  Also had to beg for someone, anyone to come to our table and take our drink order -- would have spent more $ but they never came back. Btw waited 15 mins after the show to find our server so we could pay him - crazy. Not sure we will go back  because of the s*%t show operation.Food needs to addressed - zucchini and squash soaked in oil - addressed it with waiter exchanged for steamed zucchini- better but mediocre- buffalo chicken was frozen /cold and with store branded buffalo sauce- desserts marginal 
Food is not where it needs to beWent to see Kermit Ruffins who was excellent as usual and great value at $15! 
The set up upstairs is a mess - although I did not reserve a table there were empty tables that were apparently reserved but not labelled as such. We stood at the bar where we were reluctantly served drinks by the inattentive female bar tender although we could not order food as we were not seated.
After an hour or so a couple tried to order food while standing and were declined so sat at an empty table and were served! 
I did complain to the manager and he got seats for us at the bar so we could order. The food is good if a little expensive.
Great location, venue for Jazz just missing a bit in its execution and hiring criteria! When this is sorted it will be first classGreat food, even worked with my food allergies! Awesome band and great service. Food was really quick tooI went for lunch. The server was snooty (in fact, even the patrons seemed to take themselves too seriously), the fish almondine and asparagus were too salty (tell the chef to cutback on the tony chachere's), and it's over-priced.  Gets two stars instead of one because it's clean, new, and it's a beautiful space (especially for that part of downtown that needs more options).  
It seemed like it'd be okay for an after-work cocktail, and the entertainment lineup seemed above average. I went for lunch (first floor, inside), so my review is regarding that experience.We shimmied our way past a traffic accident that landed on the Little Gem's doorstep (months of remodeling saved by a sturdy pole) and settled in quickly for a fun Sunday brunch.  I really enjoyed everything about my experience that day. The music provided by Little Freddie King filled our souls with warmth and good cheer ...the bottomless mimosas and craft your own Bloody Mary bar didn't hurt either. 
My order of crawfish etoufee benedict was velvety and plate licking good! The cheddar stone ground grits wifey ordered on the side were phenomenal! Both were the kind of good where you can't help making the Mmmmm-mmm-Mmmm sound while you're spooning them into your mouth.
We've seen him jam his blues several times before and Little Gem Saloon was the perfect spot to catch Little Freddie play again!This is not my first time in New Orleans.  But this was one of my best meals and times.  The owners waited on us they were a little short staffed due to the rain.  The head chef came out and made sure all was great.  We started off with this wonderful mussels appetizer and it was unreal.  Then we had the truffle fries.  We had eaten earlier I wish I knew about this gem before we had dinner but  know I know for next time.  Next time I'm in town I'm most definitely stopping at this gem.....Good music, great food and service....very nice atmosphereJust stopped in for lunch and glad I did.  Not only was the food very good but live jazz to boot.Excellent gumbo!  Nice atmosphere. Loved the staff.  Very friendly place.  Highly recommend.3/5 sometimes the menu is impressive, sometimes the service is a miss...
hot and cold with this one. been here a few times for happy hours, and sometimes they end up weird because of the drink availability and/or service. the food menu is pretty impressive and i appreciated the bites we had last time. i feel the table and placing availability is also odd...sometimes you can snag a table, sometimes it's just bar, sometimes just standing...all while all the other tables are empty! i thing i remember most about coming here or considering to come here though is the service, sometimes we're well-attended, sometimes it's a challenge to get anyone to come by the table. at a certain point in the early evening, some live music also starts (i feel guilty every time for not really listening), and that's my cue to close out.I will give this three stars but it is more like 2.5. It really was disappointing. I never have bad meals in New Orleans but this was super mediocre. I will give it the benefit of the doubt and attribute it to Valentine's day and being busy.
Singer and piano entertainment was painful. Lots of feedback. Even when there wasn't, they weren't good. 
Food was just blah. BBQ shrimp were frozen, grocery store shrimp in a sauce that wasn't great. I had the shrimp and grits and it wasn't bad but definitely not good. 
The desserts were the terrible. The tres leches cake was a frozen biscuit swimming in cream. The Apple "brulee" wasn't anything like a brulee. It wasn't a custard and tasted terrible. We shared between 3 people and each had a bite and was done. 
I will say the service was good and they were trying. Just don't put it on the list of places to visit when there are great places so close by.I'm not sure we would have stopped here if it hadn't been written up in one of the flyers for live music any day of the week. The Sunday, bottomless mimosa jazz brunch was singing my song.
Brunch was delicious! Very, very glad we went. There isn't much in the immediate area except the city hall building and it's not hopping on a Sunday. We got there just as they opened and got to see the trio warm up. A great serenade to go with my coffee. 
As for food, my eggs were cooked perfectly as I ordered them, and mixed in delightfully with the cheesy grits. The biscuit was buttery and crisp along the outside, pillowy on the inside and warm throughout. I opted to substitute the bacon for their mushroom bread pudding, and honestly I think I could have ordered a bowl of that and been happy all day. Goodness it was yummy. They had a house-cured ham breakfast sandwich that was enjoyed by the rest of the table for its smokiness and grill marks. 
The build your own Bloody Mary bar looked awesome, though we didn't try it. Worth a mention is the bread and garlic chive butter. I know, I know, it's just bread but you'll have to trust me.
Also worth a mention is the beauty of the place. It's got a lot of neat touches to the decor and the main bar room is painted a chill blue green. It's a little Under the Sea dance and very aesthetically pleasing.
If I head back this way, they will see me again.The Sunday Jazz brunch is AMAZING!!  My boyfriend and I were able to call in for a reservation the day before and easily got a 12:00 pm reservation-- not usually possibly at some of the more popular Jazz brunches in town. Our service was very prompt and friendly and the music was simply lovely!
  We decided to try both the shrimp and grits and applewood smoked BLT which were hands down some of the tastiest brunch meals I've ever had! Both dishes were both presented beautifully and the portions were so plentiful, I had to bring more than half of my meal ( the BLT) home!  
   This place is definitely befitting of the name-- it truly is a gem! Wonderful food, easy parking, gorgeous architectural features inside, very reasonable prices, and friendly service. 
   I'll certainly be back too!Were here at little gem celebrating my God mother's birthday! My overall experience has been okay. 
My server, Giovanni is not as attentive as I would like him to be. I've tried to get his attention twice and they were both failed attempts. I ordered the burger, It was very good and the macaroni and cheese was my side which was also good, I just wished It was a little warmer. 
The drinks are strong which is a good thing! 
Because my server isn't that attentive, I had to go to the bar to order a drink but the bartender Bri was very nice to me. The artist that is singing Nadja is very entertaining. I'm enjoying her performance.Were visiting on Spring Break and wanted to hear some Jazz and have a little dinner. We also wanted the kids, 18 y/o and 15 y/o, to experience jazz in NOLA. Bourbon Street was out, it has turned into a raunchy, dirty place. No charm left there. Frenchmen Street where most of the Jazz clubs are now had age restrictions. Three blocks from our Hotel was the Little Gem Saloon. They allowed families in and had a jazz pianist and singers. The food was tasty but the entertainment was even better. Anais St. James and her guest, Robin Barnes, were stunning together. My children loved it!!! My husband and I loved it. What a great way to end our last night in New Orleans.
The next morning while we waited for our Uber driver, I spoke to the concierge and mentioned that they should encourage families with older children to attend. The concierge knew that Jazz musicians were good but didn't realize that families could attend.Service was mediocre at best and food was average. The band was less than energetic. Felt like they were playing a tired routine, but they were cool guys on stage. 2.5 stars.Before heading out to the Smoothie King Arena to watch game three of the NBA playoffs, Warriors vs. Pelicans game, my friends and I decide to grab a quick dinner.
Upon entering the restaurant, I was the only one in the restaurant decked out in Warriors apparel. Even though I was rooting for the away team, the restaurant was very welcoming. There was a live jazz band performing for the evening festivities. When we were seated, our host provided us our menus and our server for the night will be with us in a few. 
While waiting for our waiter, we browsed  through the menu offerings. The menu was very simple to read, but was a little on the pricey side. I just had to experience some good ol' NOLA food since I'm here! I decided to go with two items from the menu. I went with the following:
- Smoked St. Louis cut ribs - flavored with peach-mustard BBQ sauce and was accompanied with cole slaw
- Baked gouda macaroni & cheese
The restaurant was fairly busy, but our food came out in a timely manner. The ribs were full of flavor, smokey, and tender! To make things even better is that the meat was fall of the bone good! The veggies in the cole slaw were fresh and crispy. Lightly dressed with dressing, not drowned. As for the baked gouda mac & cheese, I enjoyed it very much. The macaroni were cooked just right and drenched with a creamy gouda cheese sauce. I'd say it was one of the best tasting mac & cheeses I've ever had!
Great service, food, and entertainment!Extremely over priced.  Trying to present the food as fancy but the chef is pretty much a line cook, it wasn't bad but I would have been happy paying %50 less.  I would not recommend this.  Cant win em allWon't ever patronage this place again!!!!! What a convenient time to close!!!! I am going to spend my money where it's appreciated. And I'm encouraging all of my family & friends to stay away from hereWe came for Kermit but stayed for the food! Just kidding, Kermit, you were fantastic as well. 
But seriously, we only came here to see Kermit Ruffins on a Saturday night. We weren't even sure if we'd order food and we were leaning towards just doing a late dinner after the show (we had a long list of restaurants to check out and Little Gem wasn't on it). Our hunger got the best of us, though, and man, I'm so glad it did!
The food here was just as good as anything else we had in New Orleans. The Little Gem oysters were the best I've ever had. My mouth is watering just thinking about them. After the two of us devoured our first order for our appetizer, we had to get another one. 
We did small plates for our main course. I'm usually not a fan of small plates (to me, they're just an excuse for restaurants to skimp you on food) but the portions were generous enough and what we had was priced reasonably. Also, those delicious oysters that we doubled down on filled us up pretty good so a full entree would have been tough :)
Finally, the service was flawless. We were sitting at the bar and it was such a treat being able to see the bartenders work through a busy night. They're clearly very well-trained and they communicated very well with each other throughout the show. 
We'll be back!Horrible drinks!!! The Long Island was too sweet and the grapefruit and gin had wayyyyyy too much grapefruit juice in it!!!Very nice place, good live music and great food!This is way overdue.  We had a GREAT evening at The little Gem Saloon about a month ago right after we moved to New Orleans and will definitely go back.  
It was a Saturday night and we had reservations because Kermit Ruffins was playing (one of the first things my husband wanted to do).  When we arrived, a party of 50 had grown to a party of 70 (!) and I thought we were in big trouble.  But the staff were so great, explaining the situation and wait to us and making sure we ended up with a wonderful table (I don't know how they did that but they did!).  At first, no one came by our table to take an order (remember that party of 70?) and again, I thought we were in trouble.  But I asked a passing waitress who our server might be and she immediately took our order and was so pleasant and attentive all evening.  I was so impressed how well the staff here handled what could have been a disaster.
Kermit Ruffins was impressive.  Very intimate space and he and all his band seemed to be having a wonderful time.  Great New Orleans jazz.  Just what we were hoping for.
We had the crab cakes which were delicious and a few of their signature cocktails which did not disappoint.
All in all, a really lovely evening.  Highly recommend.Had sunday brunch here. Jazz band was amazing. I had catfish and poached eggs. It was very good. Wife had the shrimp and andouille sausage omelette. It was very good as well. Great place great service.Here on business - wanted to get out of the hotel for a minute and discovered this great choice!!  Attentive and friendly bartenders and staff.  Best cornbread I've ever had (sorry Mom!) and mussels - yum!  Met the owner and complimented him on the nice touch of cutting fresh roses to be placed on every table!  Will definitely be coming back here. :-)Little Gem Saloon claims to have a happy hour.  Which in fact meant they had a rum punch for $5.  That's the entire extent of it.  Very weak.  Many much better happy hour offerings around town.Really fun place and GREAT music venue. Not crowded and you can see from everywhere. 
However, the food fell short of the other places we went. And, then there's Kemitt Ruffins, so what's not to love?Came here for a poetry performance in the upstairs area and it was a great experience. The acoustics and setting for music and the arts here cannot be beat. I did not order any food or drinks but those who did said it was also excellent. This is a great revitalization of a long ago era for that part of Rampart Street and Little Gem continues to be a great venue for live music.First, confirming what Christine said about the "operation".  They literally have no idea what they're doing, from tickets to table reservations to getting people into the room.  "Wait here - wait there - sorry, you don't have a table, you had to call for a table - go back and get a stamp - he told you he'd reserve a table for you, well he shouldn't have done that."  No idea.
The show (Kermit Ruffins) was good, but I've seen the exact same show before.  Same jokes even.  
Now, before the 10 p.m. show, we ate upstairs and the food was MUCH better than anticipated.  My friend and I both had shrimp & grits and we were still talking about it the next day.  Delicious.  I agree the bread could use some work.  I heard the hamburger was good, but I didn't taste it.  The band upstairs (Lynn Drury, plus a guitarist/banjo player, drummer and bass guitarist) were really good, and certainly fun to listen to over dinner.We were so thrilled to have found this place on our second night in NOLA. Went here to the upstairs level to listen to Delfeayo Marsalis on the trombone. Tickets were $25 but the lady in charge greeted us warmly and offered us a discount of $15 a ticket, and suggested we sit at the front table since seats were filling up fast. The music was amazingly good and simply wowed us. 
The decor is retro and gorgeously restored to the 20's period. 
We ran into a small problem with the owner/manager. When the ticket lady ran my card she ran it for 5 people instead of the 4 in our party. For some reason they couldn't cancel the transaction and run a fresh one so she said the owner would take $15 off our tab. When our tab came, it showed a coffee which we hadn't ordered, which had been taken off, along with another item, adding up to $9.50. We had to insist for the $15 reduction which we eventually got but should have received without the back and forth.The music was great, and the service was prompt and attentive. The fried green tomato wedges were tart and tasty.
However, the rest of the meal was terrible.
The barbecued jumbo shrimp were neither jumbo nor barbecued. They were previously frozen. Bland and rubbery isn't what shrimp should taste like.
The same goes for the fresh pea Johnny cakes. Dude. Fresh peas should never have been frozen either. The fried oysters did have a nice zing, to be fair.
I was underwhelmed.Service was terrible and food was mediocre. Only thing that keeps this place going is the entertainment.we just happened to stop in for a drink and were pleasantly surprised.  great live music and bar food.  The bar tender could lighten up a bit ( from Northwest), but the service was great and next time we'll go for dinner.  Very romantic. .  We took a quick tour upstairs for the Jazz music and it look fabulous.  $10 cover and terrific entertainment.  OH biggest plus... they serve dinner till 11 PM!Last night we attended a soft opening of the Little Gem Saloon. Their first day of business is today. It's a brilliant, new jazz supper club in the style of circa 1920. 
Nothing negative to say about it. 
Wonderful food! Truly smooth jazz to listen to. Brilliant ambiance. (The decor is authentic to the time of its original opening in the 20's.)
Attentive service. (Our server was Ann.) 
Easy parking nearby. 
Skilled Executive Chef Robert Bruce.
We had a tasty fromage charcuterie plate for $24 followed by a beautiful stuffed trout (which was red fish last night!) and hanger steak (tender enough to cut with a butter knife. Perfectly prepared at 141 degrees). 
Fresh bread and whipped butter.
Chocolate mousse "to die" for!
I plan to be a regular!Came in with a party of 5 for an early work lunch. We were the only ones there for a solid 45 minutes, but still experienced slow service and more than one of us got the wrong order.
The food (when they got it right) was good, but not great. We didn't order drinks. 
I have been here for music and drinks and I would say stick to that! Kermit Ruffin is always a treat.I wish I could give this place a 3.5 rating. Ill start with the sign outside love it. I love the downstairs stage but the smaller upstairs one is cheesy with its aluminum gemball? I love the babyblue walls downstairs and the deep reds walls upstairs. I prefered the bar upstairs to the one downstairs I didnt like the wood color. Oh and I was surprised they didnt carry Any Hard Cider for Non Beer Drinkers like myself. I like the outdoor balcony seating and the very nice bathrooms and oldschool studded barstools and pursehooks.
 I didnt have food so ill update that later. Table service was great water was refilled often and dishes removed promptly like how you would expect at great dining establishments.I've been wanting to check this place out for lunch. I was looking for someplace new to go to in the CBD. 
I came on a soon to be rainy Thursday and they were almost out of good because of a large party.
I met Justin, who is absolutely wonderful. He saw to it that I had a great experience here and just his conversation alone would make me give five stars.
The gumbo was really good as was the mac and cheese. Some of the food was gone, but I have a feeling it would also be good. I don't eat okra, but my husband said it was good.
I had forgotten I'd come here before a Saints game for a drink and it was nice.
All in all, a wonderful place and I will be back!This was the only disappointment that we experienced in New Orleans. The wait across the street at Walk-Ons was lengthy, so we tried this place since everyone wanted to watch the game.
The only good thing is that they turned on the game, at our request. Even though it was Thanksgiving night, it was pretty dead and it's maybe a block or two from the Superdome when the Saints were playing at home, which should have been our first clue.
Our server was flighty and honestly, had to have been very high. He kept messing up orders for food and drink and the place wasn't even busy when we got there. Drinks were ok, but the food wasn't good.
Pretty piss poor all around.Little Gem was kind enough to let the Chorus Girl Project perform here the other night.  We had a blast.  They did an excellent job on the renovation.  I love the bar & how the seats in back are raised.  However, the patrons were not what I expected.  They didn't seem to fit the venue.  This why I gave it 3 stars.  It seemed disjointed.  One of the girls ordered the shredded beef over fries which is addicitive.  Serious yum yum.  The craft cocktails were nothing special.  The best part about the place is the venue itself.Stumbled upon this place while hanging with an old friend.  It is Truly a Gem!!!!! Great music.  Nayo Jones and the experience was worth it alone.  The band was full of great energy.  
The ribs and succulent. The bbq oysters hit my seafood craving spot and the shrimp and grits were one of the better ones I have had.  
The service is good.  The staff was very accommodating and answered all questions with knowledge of what it was they served.   Huge thumbs up! Management was within view and is hands on.  
Overall if you're looking for a spot for great music and food look no further!We had our wedding reception at The Little Gem on 5/20. From our first email contact with them, to the menu tasting, to the many back and forth communications and the final reception, they could not have been more delightful to work with.  We used the Ramp Room upstairs for our 50 guests and Kermit Ruffins on the stage and it was just perfect.  The food was fantastic.  It's not always easy to get buffet service and they did it perfect!!! Our guests raved about how delicious all of the food was. Cheryl was our main contact and was tremendous!  Maria, Nick and all of the staff members made us feel right at home (even if we did show up 30 minutes early). It's an awesome venue with great history and management.  The dinner shows are also enjoyable.  Don't miss stoping by to check them out.This restaurant was cool in a sense the food was just okay to me. I had the shrimp and grits, the shrimps was amazing didn't care for the grits that much. I ordered a glass of moscato which came in a plastic cup and I was like are you freakin serious? Wine a in a cup that was a first for me, the wine was amazing though one of my favorites. Would I go back not sure at this moment.WOW! Great place. Our server was beyond knowledgeable a great help and personable. The food amazing. I had the wedge salad for lunch with added fried oysters.  Probably the best wedge I've ever eaten. Everyone in my group had similar raves for their meals as well. A must return dining experience.Worst dining experience of my life! Actually, I suppose it cannot actually be called a "dining experience," considering we were overlooked and never served...
On a special trip to Nola from AZ with my handicapped Mother and a lifelong friend, I returned to Little Gem on 3/17/2018 (having gone last year) for a 9pm Kermit Ruffins show, which included an 8:45pm dinner reservation. This was a surprise gift from me to them, and something that I had bragged about and was very excited for them to experience. I wanted it to be special, as my Mom may not be able to return to Nola. I was assured way in advance via phone that our table would be on the floor, close to the stage, and not a high-top table due to Mom's limitations. We arrived via pedal taxi (cars weren't available due to St Paddy's Day parade route) and the line outside was super long. The kitchen was super slow, so patrons from the 7pm show were still seated and dining when the 9pm show started, and there was no place to seat the 9pm show patrons. They drug out an extra table for us, as only a high-top had come available at that point, but then seated us behind that high-top from which we could hardly see. They gave us menus, but after asking two different employees on two separate occasions to please send over our server to take our order, no one ever did. I was told by an employee at one point, that since they had added in an additional table, it wasn't technically in any particular servers section and that's why no one waited on us. The owner did give us free wine as an apology, which we had to drink on empty stomachs, because the kitchen had closed by the time they were willing to acknowledge what happened. We left hungry and frustrated, 2+ hrs later. I found myself apologizing to Mom over and over again, and was embarrassed that I had played up Little Gem so much. Since we found no other restaurants seating and serving that late, now 11-11:30pm, we had to get take-out elsewhere and eat in the room. We would have left sooner, except we'd been anxiously awaiting to see Kermit (I had pre-paid for tickets) and I must say he did not disappoint. Great show. 
Advice? Catch the early show if you also plan on dining, and get there super early at that if you have made any special requests. Otherwise, might not happen. Very disappointed and will not go back.We saw Cole Williams Quartet last night. Their music was AWESOME!!! Ordered fried oysters & blackened catfight with grits. "DEEE...LISH!!!!" 
p.s. DEFINITELY get the hush puppies, they are TO DIE FOR!!!!!!!!Awesome ambience, wonderful food, our server Lucious was phenomenal service!! This is truly a little gem in NOLA and a definite must visit!Wife and I saw Deacon John & The Ivories here last night. The musicianship and talent was world-class, and they put on an unforgettable show. We drank French 75s which were boozy and excellent. We didn't try the food but it looked and smelled great. The Little Gem is a wonderful place to see some of the best musicians in the world. You should go here.My daughter and I ate here recently, because we had plans to go to another restaurant next door and the wait was too long. The decor and service was pretty good here. This is the reason I rated two stars instead of one.
We ordered crawfish macaroni for an appetizer. While the overall taste wasn't bad, for $12.00 I was definitely expected more gourmet quality and not instant macaroni with crawfish thrown in. We also received a complimentary loaf of French bread with butter. It was hard as a rock and the butter wasn't even soft enough to get on the bread. For our meal we decided on the Cobb Salad. I was expecting a large serving with a lot of fixings for $15.00.
The serving was large, but 99%of the salad was lettuce. Barely any chicken, half an egg, maybe a crumble of bacon, and a slice of avocado. So, after a $55.00 ticket I feel I could have made everything I ate at home and saved myself a trip. I will not be going back.The service is fine and the food is above descent. BUT this week you can see Jamison Ross' tribute to Nina Simone and some songs from his upcoming album and he is a beautiful musician. I feel like am a better, kinder and cooler person bc I heard him tonight. Well worth the trip, meal and cover. I can't wait to pay 3x the $ to hear him in NYC where I'm from. Check him out all week.First night in NOLA and enjoyed wonderful
Music and food. Great intro to the city - highly recommendGreat food and friendly staff! I stopped for lunch on the recommendations here and I was not disappointed. I had the fried chicken, which was excellent and reasonably priced. I'll be going back for the shrimp and grits.Live music was great! Food was good, get there early it gets super packed! Try the fried chicken, it was a hit!Tried a lot of their menu. I think the service is keeping from calling this a 4, along with the inconsistency among the dishes.
Best:
-the whipped sweet potatoes (WOW) -- I know it doesn't sound exciting but was among best things I ate all weekend
-the mixed, spicy sauteed greens
-seafood stuffed pepper with crab, crawfish, shrimp and rice
-the bibb lettuce and seasonal salads, extremely tender and fresh
-frites with garlic :)
-the stormy weather cocktail 
-live music upstairs by Kermit Ruffin and this beatboxing guy :)
-pound cake (came with blackberries and whipped cream) - the pound cake was outstanding; the chocolate pot de creme and cheesecake were runners up
Just OK:
-fried frog legs -- too chewy, overcooked
-fried chicken was reportedly not juicy enough
-bbq shrimp had a strange consistency, not that plump bite that you usually find in a well-prepared nola shrimp
The service for our large party was some of the worst I've seen in a long time. Waiter made a lot of inappropriate comments about frustrations he had with the restaurant and was not prepared to answer questions about the menu. Some of the fault is with the restaurant for not training him better. It was uncomfortable.If your in the CBD in New Orleans, definitely pass by Little gem Saloon, great food, live band and the vibe is great.The food didn't taste amazing or anything out of the ordinary and the server just kind of ignored us the whole time.  For the taste of the food and service the restaurant was over priced.  The live music was really entertaining and at a decent volume to still let us converse during our meal.This place was quite a surprise. They had a live band there in a Friday night that was sooo cute. I'd like to hear them play again. I had the shrimp and grits. Super flavorful and tasty. I was a bit turned off by the head still in it but it was still very good and is order to again. Oh. And wine. They had a great selection of wine.This review is based on the upstairs music venue only.  I went to see a concert but didn't get the chance to eat downstairs.  The upstairs venue is pretty nice and very intimate.  I'm not sure how many people were up there but I'd say maybe 200.  We were in the standing room section as the seats were limited and very sold out.  Those padded seats looked pretty comfortable though.  
The sound quality was good, drink prices were a little high but certainly not outrageous and the specialty cocktail that I had was a citrus vodka based concoction that was creative, tangy and delicious.  I liked that the doors to the balcony were open.  It wasn't exactly easy to hear the music out there but it was nice to step out and get a little fresh air when the room wS feeling a bit stuffy from being so full.  I'd go back there for another intimate show or to try the food downstairs.Closely located near Champion Square, this restaurant offers a mixture of both local and all-American food. I tried the red beans and rice and it was tasty and filling enough.My boyfriend and I were here for happy hour earlier this year. They had some good deals. I had a glass of chardonnay ($5) and we shared the fries ($5) and the shrimp po boy ($5) from the happy hour menu. Shrimp po boy was satisfying. The fries were tasty and the perfect thickness, but wish the portion was a bit larger. We would have wanted to order more food if happy hour had not ended. Still, Little Gem Saloon was not a bad choice for happy hour in New Orleans.
Taste | 4
Atmosphere | 4
Presentation | 3
Service | 4
OVERALL | 4We visited on Easter weekend to see Kermit Ruffins & the BBQ Swingers and have dinner. The show was very good and definitely worth the cover charge.
If you want to have dinner and watch the show make reservations early. They had us booked at a high table but we needed a low table and they graciously moved us.
The Little Gem Sparkler cocktail was great but the Old Cubano was just ok.
We had the Seafood Platter and the Fried Chicken - both were very good. The side mac and cheese was excellent.
Zoe was a wonderful server. We will be back again.Ommmm Hello.   Why is the door locked?   8 folks are standing outside waitin to get inI had the crawfish mac N cheese. That had to have been one if he best mac N cheese ever. Every bite consisted of creamy cheesy and soft tender meat.This place is charming. The food is tasty and the decor and ambiance are great. There weren't many people (place opened a few months ago) but the live music created a wonderful atmosphere. It's literally a gem!The ambiance and food were enjoyable! Service was underwhelming but wouldn't prevent me from giving it another try...Nice location with great food and (when we were there) excellent live music. Really loved the hanger steak, cooked perfectly, and the really garlicky garlic frites. Downside was the service which was not really perfect, missing items, some things brought only after several reminders, and the food was already getting cold when it arrived at the table. 
Nevertheless 4 stars for a nice evening.Came here in a group and got a ton of good stuff, with a dose of live music that we didn't pay for "because we forgot to mention it when you made the reservation."  Nice, I think?
The ribs, served as a small plate, were excellent, but the star of this show was definitely the (jumbo) shrimp.  And the best of the shrimp dishes we had was definitely the unassumingly titled "Shrimp and Grits."  The shrimp exploded in my mouth the way only the freshest ones can, and the grits provided a rush of savory flavor that had us scraping up the last bits.
Their signature cocktails were also rather amazing, and it's killing me that I can't remember their names and that they don't have a drinks menu online to remind me... follow your server's advice and hopefully you'll get as lucky as we did.We celebrated our wedding at Little Gem Saloon last weekend (both the ceremony and the reception) and it was a great success. Cheryl helped us from day one and was great to work with. The venue is beautiful, with a casual and cozy atmosphere and could accommodate 100+ guests comfortably on a cocktail-style reception (with many seats available for those who needed them) plus access to the courtyard. The food was fresh and delicious (many foodies and chefs among our guests were raving about it) and service was perfect. The sound is also excellent (it's a music venue after all). We were able to have a fun party with open bar and delicious food for a very reasonable price. Highly recommend it!Awesome atmosphere and food was very tasty. The crawfish Benedict was delicious 
The band that plays there is also really great. It's just a cute little spot great for a chill timeSimple, typical New Orleans fair, nothing special. I used to love the collard greens from here, but my server told me they have a new chef or prep cook or whatever...boo.  None of the salad dressings taste the same anymore, the ribs were burnt, and the biscuits aren't the delightful fluffiness they used to be.  Should have stuck with the old chef-he could cook.  Our server had more fun playing around with the other servers and checking on her phone.  Food took forever and it had clearly been waiting to be ran under a heat lamp because it had that funny heat lamp sheen to it.Friendly service. But skip the food and see the show.  Overpriced for the quality of the food and quantity. Sad it's my last meal in New Orleans as the other spots I tried had great food for the same price.    Do see the show thoughSo, a group of us were in New Orleans working at The Convention Center for a week and I wanted to treat the crew to a "team dinner" before we started our long week. Also, it was one of our guy's birthday, so I was looking for somewhere with a cool New Orleans vibe, jazzy, unique and with great food - and stumbled across The Little Gem Saloon while reviewing restaurants for the Coolinary event in August.
I am so happy I found this place!!!
First, I tried to make reservations online, but OpenTable said they were booked. Not one to be deterred easily, I emailed the contact on their website, and was quickly responded to by Jessie who informed me they could accommodate us - 7 people at 9PM on a Saturday night. They also called me to confirm the reservation the day of, so I was already impressed with the customer service.
First impressions - the neon sign out front is worthy of a photo. It's really awesome. Also, it's green, which is a favorite color of mine, so I'm digging the place already.
Inside, they had a table ready and put us right up by the band - The BBQ Swingers - which I was totally okay with. Quick with the staff hello's, menus and drinks were on the table within minutes.
Some of us did order their Coolinary offerings (if you don't know what this is and you're in New Orleans in August, just google it) and others ordered from the regular menu. I can tell you, I got the fried chicken Coolinary special and it was hands down THE BEST FRIED CHICKEN I'VE EVER HAD IN MY WHOLE LIFE.
I don't know what they use for brine or their secret spices, but OMG, seriously...the meat was so juicy and delicious and the outer fried part was amazeballs.
For the sake of brevity, I'll just say that everyone was very happy with their food, drinks and desserts. There were no complaints, and between the 7 of us managed to order a decent variety of their offerings. All great!
A highlight of the evening is the band!! Super fantastic piano, bass and drummer, with stand-ins on trumbone and drums. They were kick ass and we wished we'd gotten there earlier so that we could have enjoyed them longer.
I would definitely recommend this "little gem" and I look forward to taking my friends on my next trip to New Orleans!Back after two weeks, and this time was even more incredible than the last!  A full breakfast and lunch buffet with a chef preparing both waffles and omelets!  Cheese grits topped with crawfish etouffee were delicious, as were the poached eggs with hollandaise sauce. The large group had almost every item on the buffet and all were completely thrilled.  Of special mention were the coconut and dark chocolate macaroons, yum. The service was impeccable, as was the sound of the incredible live music by New Orleans jazz trumpeter Irvin Mayfield and his band.  In every way, another experience that can only be desrcribed by one word:  Fantastic.Nice place to gather for food and spirits.  The wait staff was excellent, upbeat and courteous.  Can't wait to go back for dinner.  A very pleasurable dining experience you must treat yourself to.Pretty good.  Venue was kind odd, but the food was good.The fool here is just ok.  Nothing to write home about.  The drinks are poured generously and priced reasonably. The wine list is lacking. 
The best thing about the Little Gem is the music!  It's a great venue for local artist. The atmosphere, when there is live music, is fun and exciting. 
There usually not a long wait time and parking is available on the street and nearby parking lot.Ok
 I had high hopes when I came here when it just opened, but the food was simply uncreative. It was the type of food I could whip up at home...nothing special unless you're really hungry. We came right after the performance ended, which was a shame, but at least the restaurant was not crowded. Our server was very friendly, but another male server came by our table twice (I don't know why) and was alittle too friendly in my opinion. We ordered a few different items and I can't say I had a favorite dish or appetizer because they were quite bland. My entire party left disappointed, but maybe it had something to do with them just being open. If you've tried other restaurants in town, you will be disappointed. I haven't tried their lunch menu yet so maybe I'll give them another shot.
ThanksI saw some other reviews about how bad their service was and now I can attest to that with my first hand experience.   I had VIP passes to come but wanted to make sure they were valid for the May 1st show.  So I called and the male answered the phone saying YES we can use them for any of the wednesday night shows but not thursday-sunday as I originally asked about Kermit Ruffins.  I totally understood.  We did not have a car so took uber around and when we arrived, it was at the end of the first band and they let us in.  Then we tried to see the second band and they wanted to charge us.  I had mentioned politely that the male on the phone said it was good for any of the shows wednesday night May 1st .  He gave me a wristband and while I was processing this trying to show them the vip passes for both of us, he got in my face and said "Your Welcome" as he was offering a 2 for 1.   That was so rude.  I asked to speak the manager Maria.  She admitted the mistake the male made on the phone but still would not let my friend in and told her to pay.  I said, if it was your mistake, why not let her in. We took an uber down here and it is $25 and I had called that morning to make sure the passes were valid.  We don't live here.  I told her she was wrong how she was handling this and she asked us to leave. It caused tension and ruined our night out.  It costs us time and money and that attitude was terrible.  The staff's attitude is uncaring and there are plenty of other places to go hear live music with an issue as this was the only one we had in the great city of New Orleans.The mussels were great and sipping the bread in was great.   the harvests salad was smaller than I excepted but had a nice flavor to it, make sure to check in since you get a free glass of wine and the music is awesome!!!  You must go for Kermit, he makes the night perfect.Holy cow was brunch a disaster. Apparently there was a going away party for a bartender the night before, and it was incredibly apparent how hung over the staff was. Just a suggestion, but if you work in the restaurant industry, don't have your whole staff get hammered before your biggest event where your advertise Sunday jazz brunch.
We were a table of 9 with a reservation, seating was fine, but then it took about 20 minutes for someone to ask us what we wanted to drink. The waitress stood at one end of the long table to take drink orders, we raised hands for how many people wanted coffee but she didn't come to the other end to see if anyone wanted anything else, which some of us did. 15 minutes later, 3 coffees came out. 15 more minutes and the other 3 came out, and 10 minutes after that we finally got milk and sugar. She forgot my friend's mimosa, had to ask again. We had to ask for another water 3 times. Coffee was burnt, too strong, really disgusting. 
We saw one of the waitresses in the bathroom and she didn't wash her hands after peeing.
Other big tables seemed to be accommodated fine, one came in after us, ate and left while we were still waiting for food. Hour and a half later, still no food so we walked out. Didn't even see staff on floor to complain to and ask about our food.Tasty food but lukewarm and often out of items on the menu.  Service was pretty horrid.  It took over an hour and a half to get our dinner with no apologies and hardly any attention.  Other people were also complaining about the time frame and were late to their event.  Then the server added 20% to the check because she knew the service was bad.During my visit to New Orleans, I had 4 experiences at little gem. The food, service and music were exceptionally great. 
I kept going back after trying new places.More of a large bar than a restaurant, "Saloon" is actually a rather perfect description, this place has a great New Orleans vibe. They also have an affordable $14 buffet lunch with fried chicken, BBQ chicken, collard greens, Mac and cheese, corn, and sausage/chicken gumbo. It was all hot, fresh, and tasty. You would be hard pressed to find a better deal for lunch in the area. The food won't blow your mind, but it's good. I also enjoyed the ambiance and old school jazz music playing and the bartender/host/server (one woman show other than cooking) was very friendly and personable.This restaurant is rated 3 stars because the food was good. One dish was very good (country fried chicken), but the burgers there are okay. We asked our waiter for mojitos and he suggested their version of a "mojito". When we asked to have it fixed, they did not offer a new drink or give us a discounted price for it. They took the drinks we were told to get and "fixed" them... $12(each) later. I wouldn't pay the cover charge to go here. Stay in the quarter.Landed here for a much needed bite to eat after flying in from DC. We were seated promptly, and our two-person team of servers was great. 
Started with the Fried Green Tomato Wedges that were very good and a different take on your traditional fried green tomatoes. 
The star of the show for me was the Roast Beef Debris Biscuit - PHENOMENAL. The roast beef was moist and had great flavor, the egg was poached perfectly, and the biscuit was spot on. The brandy mashed potatoes were rich and out of this world good. 
My colleague enjoyed the fish & chips with the Louisiana catfish of the day. 
My only negative would be they don't have sweet tea - I didn't think that was allowed anywhere in the south!
Would definitely return for the evening to enjoy love music.1. Location:  Easy parking all around.
2. Entertainment: Great local music
3. Service: Above average
4. Prices: Reasonable
4: Food: Memorable: Had a NY Strip steak. Needed to come with dental insurance. I am not sure of their vendor but they can definitely improve on this.This place stinks.  Had a 9 o'clock reservation and we were early so when they asked us to wait at the bar I thought nothing of it.  After failing to flag down the bartender my wife gave it a try.  He just averted his eyes and ignored us so she complained to the manager.  By 930, still standing at the bar we left, thirsty and pissed.  It's a dump anyway so save yourself the trip.  Onward and upward.
And look at the canned photos provided by management.  Two silhouettes dancing?  Why won't yelp post my random photo's of a place (admittedly I am not a food photographer but there is usually food in them) but they post obviously inaccurate and non food related photo's planted by management?  Hmmm...Underwhelming.  This was the most we paid for food in New Orleans (check was $100 for 2 people in addition to the $34 ticket price for the musician) and the food was the least appetizing we had while here.  The waitstaff were very nice but the place was a bit overcrowded and people were constantly bumping into us to the point we needed to move our table out of thae way.   We came for the music, and the musician played 4 songs (which were great) then 2 other musicians not on the ticket each sang several numbers, then the headliner played a final number and ran out the door. We were left looking for another musical act elsewhere to finish the evening. This is a spot I'd be sure to miss on any future trips to NOLA.Recommend checking out the Little Gem during live music happy hour.   The BBQ Shrimp off the happy hour menu is excellent, but I was a little disappointed that they did not provide bread for the tasty sauce. As for the Ramos Gin Fizz that was characterized by another Yelper as the best in town, well not from my experience (compare it to the Sazerac Bar and see the difference).  Decor and ambience leaning towards upscale yet without pretentious attitude for the most part.Visiting from NOLA and took in a show with Kermitt Ruffins who I have seen on the Series Treme. He's an excellent trumpet player so he definitely has a following. Nice venue but OMG the patrons talked loudly through the ENTIRE show! I appreciate and am used to shows with low to no conversation out of respect for the band/artist. This loud talk was distracting. Since customers are paying to see Kermitt and the band, I think low conversation should be requested for these shows. Could be a NOLA thing, but not good.
I didn't have food or drink so this review is for the show only.Live music, great service, nice saloon, good food. We met an old friend here for dinner. They have a full bar, I tried two different local beers that were on tap. The music was very enjoyable; not loud, relaxing, and tasteful. No dancing, nothing wild. While we enjoyed the music, we had dinner; I had gumbo and truffle fries. We started with a cheese plate. Nice service.Don't pregame here. Before we to a New Orleans Saints game we stopped here. The place was full but the wait wasn't too long. We were seated and even with a limited menu for the game, the restaurant was completely unprepared. Just to get a beer took forever. It seemed our waiter was the server, bartender and cook. We were told our food was coming out soon no less than four times. When it did arrive, it came out piecemeal which would be fine if it was hot, but it wasn't. Fries were cold. Burgers were burnt and cold. Only salvage was to load ketchup on everything. After being at the table for an hour I received a call from the hostess asking if we had been seated. I can't believe this place is in business. Nothing about the experience was even close to acceptable.We saw an amazing show by Kermit Ruffin!  The setting is intimate, the drinks are delish and vibe is amazing.  
Grab dinner at a nearby restaurant or even from the menu there.  The Mac and cheese and collard greens weren't bad at all.  And the wait staff is most attentive 
The bathroom is a ways off.  It's on the second floor in a part of the building that was not occupied at the time that I made my trek.  No concerns.... I felt completely safe.  
All in all, I would definitely visit this establishment againThe performance was absolutely enjoyable. The band was great but it performed for only one hour and nothing else came next. Food was awful. Absolutely stay away from their country fried chicken which was very salty.  Collard greens tasted lame. Service was awfully slow but the male waiter was very nice.We had a great time here once we were seated at our table. Sadly, even with a reservation, it was almost two hours before we were seated at our table. I think there was some kind of glitch with their reservation system, but the staff tried their best to keep us happy while we squeezed in along the back wall, waiting semi-patiently for other people to finish their food and free up space.
The space is really pretty big, super high ceilings, good acoustics for music. The food was all well done, though by the time we were seated, they had run out of almost all of the sides (including biscuits and brussels sprouts -- sadness). The cocktails were appropriately strong.  The place is pretty new so they're still finding their feet, but I'd be willing to try it again next time I'm in town.Great Food, Great Drinks, Great Staff, and Great Music when there's a band. All around Great Place, we'll be back.We attended a jazz show here with tickets given as a gift. The show itself was fine but the employees have little clue as to how to manage the venue. When we got to the door, they informed us that they wouldn't honor any tickets purchased online if your name wasn't on the list, which was printed out. Our friend who had gifted the tickets called the venue ahead of time to verify the tickets but somehow we were not on "the list." They lack equipment to scan a ticket to determine its validity. WHAT KIND OF VENUE CANNOT SCAN A TICKET?? This is the 21st century! 
They did not honor our tickets, and we had to buy new, more expensive ones, leaving our friend to dispute his credit card charge. 
Once we were brought in we were ushered to the corner and told we cannot sit at the tables unless we bought dinner. Oh wait, turns out we could sit at the tables without buying food. All around, poorly managed by the employees. You can only coast on the strength of your talent while having a poor staff for so long. Time to manage this venue better or it will close down.Attended yet another fabulous Little Gem saloon performance featuring the Ladies of Soul (Sharon Martin, Rechelle Cook and Naydja CoJoe).  Another sold out show and everyone on their feet dancing/clapping throughout their performance.  The food, as always, is delightful and on point.  The wait staff never disappoints. Nick and his team are extraordinary.***Beware tourist trap*** My wife called to see if we can be seated without a reservation. The person on the other line said yes, we could be taken care of. Out front there was a sign that said "best fried chicken in town" (very bold statement) When we got there (about 10 mins later), a man paused and said, oh I'm not sure where I can put you as I have reservations coming in". We told him, we just called and someone just told us we would be fine. We were seated near the door soon after that. A nice gentleman was doing an acoustic set when we got there, which was nice. One girl came over and introduced herself and never came back. Then an older woman came over and introduced herself and took our drink order (this was about 12-15 mins). The menu is not very large, as it looks like it always changes. My wife and I eyed the fried chicken w/bread pudding and collard greens platter. The side items listed biscuits and macc & cheese, which we were interested by each order was 8.00. 2 biscuits for 8.00 we asked the waitress, we immedialy declined and kept w/our order of the fried chicken platter. The food did come promptly. The highlight of the meal was the bread pudding with the gravy. It was delicious. The fried chicken was really crispy, but overcooked. However the meat was still juicy, so it was kind of odd. The greens came cold/less than room temperature, which was a bummer because if they were I think they wouldve been better. During the course of my meal I asked for honey with my fried chicken, the waitress said "No" and just walked away. Then came back about 5 mins later with a plastic bottle that had dust on the bottom, and the honey was barely moving. I got out of it what I could. With no interest in staying for dessert or the 8:00 show we asked for our check, Much to our DISTASTE GRATUITY WAS ALREADY ADDED!!! IT WAS ALMOST A 20% TIP FOR A 48.00 BILL. I WAS PUZZLED AND MY WIFE AND I WERE NOT HAPPY ABOUT THIS. RATHER THAN COMPLAIN, WE PAID AND UPON GETTING A RECEIPT THEY HAD THE BALLS TO HAVE ON THERE "ADDITIONAL TIP".  The meal was just "ok"/subpar. Not worth the amount of the final check.Awesome food and drinks!!! Great service!! Locally owned and operated. Great New Orleans experience.