2.5/5 so few karaoke spots...
the only reason we come here is to snag a small room and rock out with friends. the rates are decent, considering: basically you need to cover $20/hr and then there's no room rate. so if you're drinking and munching, it's pretty easy to do this. the food is meh, i mean it's not bad, but it's not great. it's hit or miss depending on who the server is, sometimes they're chill, sometimes they're really pushy. 
recent turn-off, they've moved the system to this new computer system where you literally have to c l i c k. l e t t e r. b y. l e t t e r. t o. s e l e c t. a. s o n g. total buzz kill. it's like wearing mittens over everything! it's that much harder to find a song and wastes time, really wish they'd just go back to the controller or install a keyboard or something.What an complete disappoint! We can here tonight because my wife was craving ramen. We started with the Yakisoba. The stir fried noodles has way too much oil. There was a pool of it at the bottom of the hot plate. Next I ordered the seared tuna salad, that crap of a salad was $8.50 for 4 thin slices of uninspired tuna. The salad was a joke and the portion was pathetic. Next we ordered the Little Tokyo roll and the Big Easy Roll. The non sushi chefs back there prepared prerolled sushi since our asparagus was pretty raw and each bite of the snow crab filling was near ice cold. The only decent product was the actual ramen that my wife ordered. I will probably never come back to this dump again. When this place first opened it was fantastic, now quality control has gone down the drain. Only reason the place got two stars versus one is that the staff is very friendly. I hope they can find work elsewhere because with the way operations is ran they will lose more and more business by the day.This place is gross!  They didn't have "real" menus because the real menus had been destroyed in Hurricane Isaacs and were "all moldy".  The waitress said they were supposed to get new ones, but they still hadn't.  So we got laminated drink menus and noodle offerings.  I asked for a description of the sushi rolls, and the waitress pulled a piece of paper out of her order taking folder and said "don't get it wet, it's the only one I have."
I ordered the seafood soba noodle dish which was shrimp, salmon, and fake crab on top.  I told her to skip the crab.  So on a HUGE plate of noodles I got two shrimp, and a few 1" pieces of salmon which really didn't go with the dish.  Luckily it was only $7.... But, again, mostly noodles.
Won't be returning to this place EVER!!!I maybe a lil culturally bias, as I am of Asian descent and work in Seattle Chinatown.
We were desperate for some late night eats and something besides burgers. This is a great place for the 20 somethings singing bad Karaoke and having something to nosh on while getting drunk off the full page drink selections. They were creative in the small plates but lot's of stuff is over salted and over sauced. Again great if your drunk and wanna sing Karaoke then this is the place.This Little Tokyo is the worst sushi restaurant I have ever experienced. I can't say anything for the others, but I'm definitely not going to try them. 
Our waiter was so stoned that he "forgot" what we ordered twice.
The "tuna" in the center of the Burning Man was worse than hot canned cat-food and the shrimp tempura was no saving grace. After a good sport bite of each, we left the meal unfinished and will never be back.Its nearing midnight on a Saturday in New Orleans and an entire culture of professionals are just getting off work.  These men and women have been on their feet for at least 6 hours feeding the mouths of this city and guess what?  They're hungry too.  They're not too concerned that they have an early brunch shift in the morning.  In fact heading right home and hopping into bed is not always the best option.  It takes time for the body to shut down and for thoughts to cease imitating an active ping-pong match.  No...these people need to eat, drink, bitch and deflate.  
A friend of mine, who has held server positions in the past, is no longer a full-time restaurant employee.  She has her nine to five job, but picks up occasional weekend bartending and serving gigs at a local function hall.  After getting home from a shift and into bed around 1:30 a few Friday nights ago, she found her self in bed, wide-eyed, and staring at the ceiling.  She'd forgotten how hard it was to go from non-stop to stop.  Even though it's late, after an evening of strategic and quick paced multi-tasking of muddling fruit and straining martinis or turning filets and sautéing salsify or explaining what a rillette is (for the tenth time that evening) and smiling the whole way through it leaves one too wired to hit the sheets immediately.  Running around, whether you're on the front end popping napkins or in the back dressing the duck...gets your blood pumping.  A conversation with your trusted coworkers about that bitch on 62 and how she stiffed you or why the sous chef can 'suck it' is pertinent.  When drinks are not enough and hunger strikes it's worth knowing what food options are available.  That's why the Uptown location of Little Tokyo (in the river bend) is a service industry workers late night dream.  Open til' 2 am, they serve a full menu, have a better wine list than most of the neighborhood bars in the area  (that's not saying much) and serve ten different kinds of sake.  Sake bombs available as well.
Some coworkers and I frequent this Little Tokyo location when we're wide-eyed and hungry after a long shift.  It ain't The Windsor Court but it's a decent late night food destination with a more varied menu in comparison to the average neighborhood bar.  I went there recently with a few coworkers last Friday.  We filled the table and ate family style.  The spicy edamame whispers my name every time, so we had to get that.  It's first blanched then drizzled with a spicy garlic chili sauce.  It's tangy, green and hot.  We liked the shrimp mermaids so much we got a second order.  Shrimp layered with cream cheese, enclosed in a gyoza dumpling wrapper and then deep-fried.  They come with a spicy chili sauce for dipping.  Well...in our case...for double dipping.  We got the Yaki Soba noodles with beef too, which taste better than most of the Lo mien I've had.  A touch of Indian spice coddles the noodles and waits patiently to surprise you, with that subtle, yet unmistakable smokiness, of clove or star anise.  The shrimp fried rice was decent.  They don't devein the baby shrimp so they're pretty ugly to look at, but after a few glasses of wine whose looking anyway?  The salmon filet rolled with crab salad and eel sauce was creamy and sweet.  
It's fairly raucous because (even though it's late) the place is packed.  Every time I've been there on a Saturday night, the back rooms
are occupied by private karaoke parties.  The main dining room has a karaoke stage as well.  The performances are generally entertaining but can also be mildly annoying.  Yet it doesn't change the fact that they have decent wine and deep-fried cream cheese engulfed shrimp dumplings.  No...it don't change that.  It also doesn't change the fact that after a few decent glasses of wine and a belly full of Japanese food, the not-so-wide eyed restaurant worker can...finally...hit the sheets...like nobodies business.Little Tokyo *cannot* make a crunchy roll. I've ordered them from here 3 times always asking for extra crunchy and these fools are bogarting that stuff so hard. Don't try it for yourself.Don't come here for the food, come to sing and drink with your friends. If you're hungry and must order something, try the spicy edamame and curry fries. It won't fill you up or satisfy your stomach in the least bit, but there will be a party in your mouth. Those are the only two items I enjoy.
The party room service has always been good. I don't know if it's because the servers are attentive (which is what I'm weighing on) or if there's a call button in the room. Sometimes the mics suck and screech in your ears. Just work around it. Remember to order party size sake if you're doing sake bombs for a large crowd.Food and drinks were cheap!
Went here with a group of people on a Friday night and there was no wait.   Not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing.  First thing I noticed on the menu was how inexpensive the drinks cost.  The food was also inexpensive.  We ordered the sticky wings, hamachi kama, edamame, and seared tuna salad.  The seared tuna salad and hamachi kama was good and flavorful.  The wings and edamame was also good, but it's not something I haven't tried before at other places.  So for dinner I ordered the tonkatsu ramen I've read so much about.  Since I like it spicy, I ordered it very spicy.  Meh, the tonkatsu ramen was nothing special and tasted like the same noodles that I could make myself at home with the little Mi Mama packages.  Most of my friends at the table agreed too that it was nothing special.  After dinner we booked a room and sang some karaoke.  It was fun but the equipment was kind of crappy and cumbersome to use.  All in all...we started the the night with sake bombs and ended the night with sake bombs.  I'll probably come back and try some other things on the menu since the food is inexpensive.Dining in may be better, so I won't judge there, but my take-out experience was awful. The service was fine, and my food was ready when I picked it up -- no complaints there. However, of the three items I ordered, only my miso soup was edible. The seafood udon, while I expected it to be fishy (that is what I ordered) was incredibly pungent. I guess that should have been a sign to me of things to come. Upon taking one bite, I could taste nothing but a general, non-specific fish juice taste. It was awful. One bite was enough and I couldn't eat the rest. The spicy edamame I ordered was also not great -- the edamame was limp and had no flavor and tasted like it had been cooked for too long or had been sitting out for days.
The space seems cool and like it would be fun for karaoke, but I will definitely not be ordering out from Little Tokyo again.So, officially, I'm not a fan of karaoke, but the private rooms here are pretty awesome. I've only been once so far, but I definitely intend to go back.
We didn't try a huge sampling of the food, pretty much just crunchy rolls and edamame, but the prices were good and for two hours of a private karaoke room, I really think the prices are more than fair. 
Can't wait to go back so I've got more detailed information to share!We stopped by this place one night after VooDoo fest and we were definitely not disappointed! The staff are super chill and friendly. I LOVE that they were playing 90s music. I had the ramen (can't remember which one but it was vegetarian) and it was amazing. One piece of meat accidentally found its way in there and when I pointed it out to our waitress she apologized and offered to take it off our ticket although I didn't let them cause it was a tiny accident and the ramen was not ruined by all means. Great place! Will definitely visit again!Eh. I find myself going to Little Tokyo more out of convenience and less because the food is stellar. Been here plenty of times and never had good sushi, but because they have a great location, stay open way later than other restaurants, and have a karaoke bar, they can get away with having subpar food. Their ramen isn't bad; I'm usually down to go when it's cold out and I'm craving ramen. The fire sticky wings though!!! MUST have. Would argue that's the best thing on the menu. 3 stars because I don't particularly like the food, but I continue to go anyway because it's a fun late night spot when all I wanna do is sing Bohemian Rhapsody with a random guy wearing leather pants hogging the mic. There's ALWAYS a random guy wearing leather pants hogging the mic.Great spot for lunch! Tonkotsu Ramen was super flavorful! Very tasty, and you can get it as spicy as you like! Uptown roll was nice too! Service was very good as well! The tonkotsu and uptown roll is a great deal!Ran in on a Wednesday night to check it out. I missed the floor show that is karaoke, but loved the array of small plates. In fact, I wished I'd stuck with those rather than the ramen. It was fairly ordinary, and very spicy was just a little heat.
Service was fast, friendly, and informative. Parking was simple, considering all the streetcar and street construction/closing in the neighborhood.The big draw for this place is the karaoke and the daily drink specials. I went there for the noodles and they were some really good noodles. For dinner for two we got the shrimp mermaid (shrimp and cream cheese wrapped in a gyoza wrapper and fried, served with a chili sauce) and curry fries appetizers. For our entrees we had the beef yaki soba and I had cold beef ramen. The food was fantastic, the noodles delicious. I love ramen and this was seriously good ramen. The drink special that day was a watermelon margarita, which tasted like a watermelon jolly rancher dissolved in tequila, which was delicious.
We've established the food was tasty but what about the decor and environment? The music was a bit loud and focused on pop, which isn't what I listen to but that doesn't make the food taste any different. The focus of the restaurant is obviously small dishes to snack on while you sing karaoke with your friends. Even if you're not there to sing, the food is amazingly delicious and worth the trip.I should have left as soon as I went to the bathroom to wash my hands. The bathroom was filthy and the hand soap thing didn't even work! I hope the employees wash there hands somewhere else..... 
Service sucked. There were two other tables in the restaurant but the guy took forever to take our order and bring us things. 
Sushi was ok but I have had much better. It was kind of warm when it got to us (maybe because our server sucked) but warm sushi kind of grosses me out because its raw fish. Also it fell apart as soon as you picked it up. Oh and they don't have brown rice :-(
The only reason I am giving them three starts is because the tempura green beans were FANTASTIC!!! I might go back and only get that.
Also we ordered the tempura cheese cake for desert and it was good till we got to the middle because it was still frozen in the center! 
All in all Little Tokyo is a bit of a disappointment. Go to Ninja or something.We have been her twice and both times had good a experience. The food has been consistently good as well as the service. Not fancy but clean an relaxed. They do have separate rooms for karaoke, if you are so inclined. 2 TV's, usually with some sporting event on. The only reason it didn't get a full 5 starts, is because I am not a fan of their music. They play the kind of music that 9 year old kids like to jump around too. How do I know this you ask? The last time we were there, we watched them dance...lol. It was all good and cute, but the sporting events on TV and the music were an odd match....and share a piece of the tempura cheesecake.....OMG!!!!!!!Generally my neighborhood sushi spot, however, this time was a completely different experience. Earwig in my sake and hair in my salad - needless to say I didn't wait for my sushi.*thumbs down*
*sigh*
OK. so last night was ladies night.  so four of my friends and i got out our little black dresses and our heels and went to have a few cocktails. which we did, and we were at the pretty wonderful bayou bar on st. charles. around 10 it hit all of us that we hadn't had dinner, well no wonder those drinks were knocking our socks off.  we are ALL big sushi lovers...in fact all 5 of us had had sushi at least twice in the past week so that was the immediate decision. at that hour it came down to two places that were open and serving: Hoshun and this place.  
we decided to go to this version of Little Tokyo. As most of us are Mid- City dwellers we all have great fond memories of the one in our area of town (i need to update my review given my more than positive experiences there in the past few months) and thought this would be just as wonderful.
WRONG.
I like the atmosphere, the booth seating was great, that they separated the karaoke from the rest of the place was FANTASTIC as the caterwauling we heard coming out of the back room hurt our souls more than a little and our server was a really nice guy. He put up with our semi drunk random attempts at making him feel just a little molested and even brought me a new sprite RIGHT out whenever he accidentally dunked a half a glass of water into my sprite, with a deftness i haven't seen in the service industry in a long time (he poured the water in, i started to laugh and said "well, that was sprite...", and he turned and swooped my drink right out from under me and placed a new fresh one there in about 45 seconds). and graciously dealt with our 5 separate payment methods on one bill. so i applaud the service. and the size of their hot saki (the regular was pretty intense, i can't imagine the large).
then there is ... dun dun dun... the food. OK.... i am a sushi snob. i like fresh fresh fish and am super particular about my rice. i stick to several places i know i can rely on for the most part (in our city full of options) and go outside of that on the recommendation of others. all it took this time was the words "open til 2 am".  hello late night sushi! i need late night sushi in my life. but... alas... this will not be my late night sushi. we ordered several appetizers and several rolls. i have to say that i tried the grilled scallops (which we took to calling scallops au gratin),that was pretty good. my friend's tuna salad looked good. but not for what either one paid for. the seaweed salad looked good when it came out, but i didn't try it, and there were plenty of tempura options on the menu that looked interesting, but that was not what i was there for. we searched and searched the menu for the enoki mushrooms that they have in Mid-City and sadly no go on that one. I settled for ordering a snow crab salad and a box fresh salmon. imagine my shock when our waiter came over to take our order, looked down at it and said "oh, we don't have box sushi." you... don't.... WHAT?????!!!!!! what kind of sushi place doesn't have box sushi? they had all of the ingredients... it's one of the simplest things to make (and one of my straight up favorite flavor profiles and what i ALWAYS test a sushi place on). that... irked me. and shocked me. how... how... is that possible? even now i am just CONFUSED. anyway. i switched up my order to a fresh salmon roll which is essentially everything in a fresh box salmon just rolled... and a baked salmon because dammit i was just gonna eat myself sick from sadness. and apparently i was on a snow crab diet last night.  
so... i got my snow crab salad and it was.... bland.  as in it didn't taste like anything. even the avocado tasted like.... air. i wanted to put salt on it.  and I'm the person who cooks without salt and doesn't use soy sauce on sushi because i don't really enjoy that flavor that much. wth?  then out came my baked salmon. as much as i paid for that in any other restaurant i would get at least twice that amount and with my roll have food to take home. it came out in one piece. it was... alright. nothing special. just alright. meh.  finally our rolls came out. i tasted mine and was totally underwhelmed. now i understood why they didn't have boxed sushi. the salmon wasn't super fresh, nor were any of the other items in the roll all that awesome. i also tried one of my friend's mid city rolls because she wanted to trade as she wasn't enjoying hers at all. it was again... meh.  another friend ordered a roll that she didn't know had eel sauce on it, and as she can't eat that and had requested it off her other roll everyone tried that and was again... underwhelmed.  
and it was expensive. i spent $26.00 on food i would have gotten at least double that amount at Kyoto Two or Hana or several other places. Plus the 20% gratuity automatically added on was... impressive to say the least.  
again, i am a sushi snob. and I'm basing this rating on price with underwhelming taste.  *shrugs* sorry.Great karaoke place and excellent food. Eric went beyond the call of duty to make up for the long wait time for the food. I definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for some Asian cuisine in uptown nola. If you are hosting a big group that's in town for a wedding, please, get one of the private karaoke rooms. You will not regret it!Little Tokyo is my favorite neighborhood restaurant. When I lived in Thibodaux I would drive to New Orleans just to come eat here. I've been a regular customer for about 4-5 years now. And, there's are reason's why:
Atmosphere: Laid back and open. I never feel cramped in any place even when I'm enjoying private karaoke in one of the back rooms. 
Staff: Friendly, eclectic, I dare say even a little nerd chic. Perhaps the best is that they're all intelligent and literate. 
Food: RAMEN!!! I'm sorry had to get that out. The small plates and ramen are definitely my favorite...and I mean...y'all did look name of restaurant, right? Sushi is of great quality too. Try the Tonkotsu or Shoyu Ramen.
Cost: The only reason I spend more that $15 a meal is because I'm addicted to sake. 
Again, my favorite local restaurant. I'm sure I'll see y'all out there at some point.This place has gone waaaay downhill. They are treating it like an old car that's breaking down but not worth getting fixed. I came in on a Sunday evening, and no one was at the door for maybe 2-3 minutes. No biggie. 
Someone finally told me I could sit wherever I'd like, so I did. I was then COMPLETELY IGNORED for 35 minutes.  No water, no menu until I got one myself. The restaurant was warm, despite the fact that it was 70 degrees outside. The tables were sticky, probably because the a/c wasn't on. The menu I got for myself was dirty. 
I sat right next to a table being served, so I know the staff knew I was there. I ended up leaving. Little Tokyo is dead ya'll, they just aren't buried yet.DO NOT GO WITH A LARGE PARTY. We had a table of 8. They refused to split the check but instead insisted we divide up the bill ourselves if we wanted to charge multiple cards. The sushi was adequate but neither the cheapest nor the best sushi in the area. Service was awful, two of the people at our table were served their sushi almost an hour after the rest of us and it wasn't even crowded. The staff was completely unapologetic and dismissive about the lateness of the food when asked multiple times where it was. Also, they charge an automatic gratuity for large tables which seems ridiculous because they do not even assist in splitting the check. If I could have tipped the server nothing I would have and I am always a good tipper. EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED. I guess go for the karaoke if you are into that, but eat dinner somewhere else.Went with a group of friends for karaoke. We reserved a small private room. They have a system where if you spend enough money on food and drinks, you don't have to pay hourly for the room. The price schedule is posted on the door, but we smashed the limits with our excessive drinking.
The food and drinks are completely secondary to the karaoke experience. I wasn't blown away by my menu choices, but nobody in the group complained about them either.
The room has a u-shaped sectional sofa, a coffee table, a flat screen on the wall, and rack of karaoke electronic equipment. There are two mics and both are wired with long cords. The cords had been kinked so many times that they only intermittently worked. Two separate equipment swaps brought them into a working condition that we deemed acceptable, but it still wasn't 100%. 
8 people fit snugly in the small room but our group gradually ballooned to 15, which was a tight and sweaty fit, even on a cold night. We were warned against having over 10, that we might be kicked out, but the waitress didn't care and helped keep our violation secret by quickly closing the door. It was much appreciated! 
I'm used to the gorgeous karaoke facilities in Dallas that we have thanks to the huge number of Korean immigrants & frankly this place doesn't compare well to that standard. They should invest in some wireless mics, tambourines, a disco ball, and some multicolored dance club lights. It'd bring it up to par.  But in light of the fact that New Orleans has very few private karaoke options, this place is great.Have come here quite a bit because it is convenient but feel like quality has slipped a little.  By all means fine for a quick bowl of ramen but the sushi is up and down and atmosphere is pretty dead.  Make the trip up to mid-city for the original.Coming from Phoenix AZ, I always had access to great ramen, now that I'm in NOLA I had to make sure I found a place with at least some decent ramen. I must say that the Shoyu ramen here is the 2nd best, most delicious ramen that I've had! I asked for it to be extra spicy and that alone didn't disappoint either. The service was great as well. This will definitely be my ramen spot. So happy about this!!!Not the best of japanese food, but I like that there are a large number of small plates to be had, and that the place is open late.  Karaoke night is also pretty hilarious.
What I do like the most about Little Tokyo is that it is pretty much the only place in New Orleans where you can get Ramen!  I love my noodles and I think about noodles a lot whenever I'm hungry.  Little Tokyo's ramen is pretty great, it's a large serving, it hits the spot, and it always makes me full. I don't really have anywhere else in New Orleans to compare its ramen to, so if you have a craving for ramen, you can get it here.
I always get Tonkatsu ramen with extra pork, beef, green onions, bamboo, and bok choy, and I get it just a little bit spicy.  I've had the Miso Ramen and the Shoyu ramen as well, and they are good, but when I have a craving for noodles, I really need my traditional thick pork based ramen.
I would probably give this place 4 stars just because it fulfills my ramen needs, but it gets a 3 because the other food is just OK.Being from Hawaii, having Asian food readily accessible 24/7 is something I really miss. I was excited to find this  restaurant on one of the late-night Eatery websites for New Orleans.
Tried  out a bunch of items and I'll say that I enjoyed everything I sampled!  
Veggie Tempura: nicely done, green pepper surprise (never had a place serve that before) and a nice spicy non-traditional dip that went well with it. 
Shrimp Tempura: as expected but not sure what the sauce was.  I prefer the traditional clear-ish  sauce, but theirs was not too bad. 
Crunchy Roll: as expected, but kinda wish they threw the extra crunchy stuff on top (like Rouse's).
Unagi (eel) Sushi: all I can say is.... Yes.  Please.  It's sexy and delicious.  OMG. Best unagi in NOLA so far. 
Curry Ramen: not too shabby, it was my son's dish   so I only sampled it, but flavor was good.  Wish they did curry over rice too, but I make that at home all the time so no biggie. 
Shoyu Ramen (spicy): pretty decent and will probably order again, though I might try to customize next time with their optional add-ins (but it's still good as-is).
At least 4 stars, not quite 5, but I'm definitely going back!Wow. Love this place. Go for the noodle bar, it's everything it's cracked up to be. My daughter and I had the Ramen noodle soups, her with Beef, me with egg and pork. Warning: "little spicy" has some serious heat and I love hot food. Wife and son had the egg noodles with beef - also excellent (I sampled it). Best aspect is the prices; very inexpensive. We didn't try it, but the karaoke rooms look like fun - and they're free with a minimum food purchase.We had an awful experience tonight at Little Tokyo from start to finish. Not that things were ever that good to begin with but they've obviously made a lot of unfortunate changes there recently. If you're use to ordering the sake and beer combo, don't because the sake craft is half the size as it use to be. Our waitress delivered our glasses with her fingers all over the insides of the cups. It was disgusting. She brought over our ramen the same way. The soup was basically all noodle with minimal toppings. My friend ordered a crunchy a roll, and received a random roll filled with imitation crab, absolutely no crunch element to be found. When he asked the waitress if he received the correct item, she hesitantly assured him it was correct. All and all, very, very bad. Don't waste your money.This place just simply is not worth the effort with all the other good sushi restaurants popping up in New Orleans. I do admit I came here during a very busy time, it was Sunday before Mardi Gras, but the experience was SO bad it really didn't matter what time of the year it was.
My first gripe was the sushi itself. The fish, on multiple rolls, was simply old tasting. My boyfriend and I tried several different rolls all with different fish combos, but, unfortunately at least one item per roll had a severely funky taste to it, making nothing really that enjoyable.
The food cam quickly, but, the rest of the service was awful. It took 20 minutes for our waitress to return with our check after taking our cards.... it felt like ages and we were forced to look at all the gross sushi we did not eat.
I wanted to like this place as a cheaper sushi option, but, it just fell short. The sushi at a sushi place has to be good and fresh. Try Origami, Kyoto, or Kakkoi...Can I just say I LOVE this place? Everyone from the cooks to the management is wonderful and very friendly! The food is always really good. My favorite appetizers would be the tempura pickles and mushrooms and the sushi is also really great! 
What I really like about the place is that it is a great place to go on an evening date (the ambiance is wonderful) and its also a lot of fun to go with a group a friends (after 9pm if you want to do karaoke).
The karaoke rooms are great and very reasonable and they have rooms for (5 or so people) to large (20 or so people) parties. 
It's honestly the most perfect place to go when you get off of work and want a drink, or on a Friday or Saturday night when you want to have real fun with your friends, or just want to grab some great sushi!
Go ahead and try it, you'll be glad you did!So this place is run by children, very rude children. They were all taking shots at the bar while I waited to have my order taken. They then proceeded to talk shit about the customers. If you come in after kick ball they hate you. So maybe go somewhere else. The food is ok but really it's all about the shit service. I am fine with a casual environment but the bartender is just an ass. They need to fire everyone and get a manager. I will never ever be back.I love this place. Why? Because I work late and this is the only restaurant in my 'hood open late and serving healthy fare. 
I expected a typical sushi joint, but this place was much more fun. 
I was dining alone, so I opted for the tall table w/bar stools in one corner of the room. I had a view of the whole place ;)
The decor is lounge-y and fun. The waitress was dressed-up in some kind of semi-goth ensemble, including fully functional garter belt and stockings with holes. She was sweet and attentive, even though she was the only server for the entire dining room. Music was loud, blasting tunes from Crystal Castles, The Postal Service, etc. It took me a second to adjust to this seconds, because I totally didn't expect it. It reminded me of a lot of hot-spots on Lincoln Road in Miami, where a lot of the restaurants and coffee shops turn into a late night social, party hubs. 
The menu is extensive and very affordable. I tried the tuna/avocado salad (fresh, seared to perfection), edamame (it's edamame, OK) and Shoyu Ramen (Ramen is their specialty and it was satisfying).
I couldn't resist and tried the Lychee Saketini. It was wonderful. It gave me a buzz, and had a nice balance of lychee sweetness and saki bitterness. 
The Karaoke was off, but then some brave lady at the bar "performed" her version of Lady GaGa's Paparazzi. I was quite entertained. Maybe the saketini had something to do with it. 
I thing this is my new favorite after-work, late night snack spot. And if the karaoke goes in the wrong direction, just bring me another saketini. Quickly!I downloaded Yelp on my phone for the sole reason to write this review about Little Tokyo. I've been here a few times with my friends (not for the food.. which I've had before though, mediocre at best). We go for the karaoke and bar scene just to have a good night. First off, this place charged me 35 dollars (tip included on the bill) for two regular mixed drinks. I've had nothing but terrible experiences with the manager, the tiny guy behind the bar. He's the most pompous, condescending fuck I've ever met. If you talk to any of the other staff they absolutely hate him for being abusive. Needless to say the morale in the place is low. I hope another karaoke bar pops up and puts this place out of business.Squid steak came out first in brown looking liquid and being quite cold. They took it back and "fixed" it by I guess dumping the liquid and trying to make it look like it. Udon was bland as a mtfer. I thought it's suppose to be white rice but it came out yellow. And the lunch special chicken teriyaki was not as good as I hoped. The rice was soaked in teriyaki sauce. Not good. And there were a couple ants on the table.Okay place to meet up friends. NOT a good place to get sushi. It's not fresh ALL the times I've been here. There's karaoke, just wish they had a different space for people who didnt want to be tortured with crappy singing. 
Some of the small plates are delish. Others lacked. But for a place to rent out rooms to sing karaoke with friends.. this place is your only option in the city.My first visit involved karaoking with my closest girlfriends. The six of us had a small room which reminded me of a waxing salon or something. The karaoke video displayed Asian women in awkward positions on the beach and running in the park like that was supposed to be a turn on or something. The karaoke lists we had may have been out dated because the chicks in the large room were bumping. It was fun to catch up with my girls and sing some random Brittany and Madonna though. I ordered salad wraps which were good,  wings which were okay and a mushroom appetizer which no one liked. Not super impressed by the food, but I'd try the sushi next time.This was my first time at Little Tokyo, so I didn't know what to expect. I ended up with a party of 8, and ordered the chicken tempura and salmon hibachi rice. The hibachi rice was really tasty! I can see myself visiting for a to-go box of salmon rice from time to time. Also, those who know me already know that a to-go box is exactly where my rice ended up! The server was fast and friendly, even though we took a while to figure out what we wanted.
I wasn't aware that this was a karaoke bar, so when my friend pulled out a microphone and started murdering the Time Warp, I was quite confused. I'm not sure how I feel about that. I hear there are private rooms, which is best for that. Then again, I like to get drunk and heckle karaoke singers, so I guess I'M the one with the problem. I think I'll have to just stick to take out orders. 
Here's something I mentioned in my quick review. We had problems with the lack of separate checks. I mean, I have no problems with figuring out my balance, but I noticed that with the split gratuity, my credit card receipt was charged the balance of my food cost BEFORE tax or tip. I added an additional tip, just to be safe. A couple of my card using friends also noted this.  One of us was having a problem with his card, so he went to the ATM. While he was gone, the server informed us that the balance left from the declined card DIDN'T include the 18% gratuity, and that even though the bill clearly said we owed $23, we actually owed $27. Here's the problem: over HALF of our people had already paid with cash, and were at a club down the street waiting for us to join them. This left us there to figure out the balance and put down more than our share. I left with a bad impression, and If I return it will be for take out.I only tried the reman here. The spicy reman is my favorite. However, the space here is narrow. Every time I came to Little Tokyo, I felt difficulty to get seated into the chair. Many of my classmates also like the dumplings here, and you may have a try!I didn't try the food here, but came in one night after a toga party (fully dressed in a toga) with a group of friends to do some karaoke-ing.  The experience was marred by some hooligans who decided to vandalize our car while we were inside, but ignoring that fact, the manager and the staff were very friendly and accommodating to us, especially given that we were half naked.  The bar tender was particularly nice, offering us free shots.  I like the people here and would come back, though maybe not in my own car.This place gets the job done. 
Karaoke...3 stars. The equipment tends to have some issues, but the songs choice is decent. 
Sushi...4 stars. It's good, fresh and a variety. I had the causeway roll this time. Crab was crispy. Friend had the Katrina roll and it was decent. Edamame as expected. 
Service...4 stars. Waiter was attentive and checked on us often. 
Atmosphere...dirty. Stars shine so I can't give it one for this. Like really. I just kind of ignored it a bit because we were there to karaoke and have a bit of fun. 
I've been here a few times in the past and it's been about the same. 
Like I said...it gets the job done.It had to be the worst experience I've ever had to endure at a restaurant. Food was decent but the atmosphere was horrendous. The karaoke was OBNOXIOUSLY loud and they kept turning it up louder. We couldn't hear each other speak and we were right next to each other. The waiter forgot to bring us several things and we had to remind him multiple times of what we ordered. I'm never coming here again. If I were you, I'd pick any other sushi restaurant other than this one.I think there's a great value offered at Little Tokyo since I've been regularly dining at one of the two locations since moving here in 2007. This particular night I showed up for trivia only to be told it was cancelled. I wasn't that bummed to be honest because I was tired and starving. While I texted a contact to inquire the cancellation I asked the host for a menu because I wasn't going home empty handed. Less than ten minutes later I had a chocolate city roll and spicy corn ramen to go. The host was even so kind as to hold the door open for me as I exited! (Kudos to manners!) 
The ramen and roll split between two people was more than enough. We were full and happy and the flavors were great. The ramen priced at around $8 is fantastic as I was able to portion out a total of four servings! It did become saltier the next day so I added some water to cut back on the sodium despite my love of salt. (I would drink soy sauce if it wasn't considered so rude.)
I'll be back, I want to try karaoke. #bucketlistWhen one walks into a restaurant during a not-very-busy lunch hour (say, around 2:00 on a Saturday when the restaurant is about a third full), one has certain expectations. One does not expect to stand at the hostess station for a full five minutes while various staff members pass by studiously avoiding eye contact. After waiting, one does not expect for a waitress to yell across the room "Oh, just sit wherever you like". One expects there to be at least one table available that looks halfway clean. and if one can't find a clean table one should expect a staff member to come over and wipe it down within a reasonable amount of time, and/or drop off some menus and/or take a drink order.
When none of the above happens within the first 10-15 minutes of entering a restaurant, one has little choice but to get up and leave and find another place to eat. Which is what this one did during our most recent visit to the Little Tokyo in Riverbend (having had good experiences at the one in Mid-City; I assume they're related). So I can't comment on how good the food is, or isn't. With such abysmal service from the get-go, however, why bother sticking around?Dinky udon and all the rolls fall apart when you try and pick them up, came here by accident cus I thought I was calling the Midcity location, won't make the mistake againThis place is great!  I got the Tonkotsu Ramen noodles.  Delicious and perfectly spiced.  I consider myself a big eater and this bowl filled me up.  They were also on special for $5 a bowl.  I was here for an early dinner (5 pm) and the place was pretty empty.  This place is a little Japanese oasis right here in NOLA.Worst service! The waitress didn't even say a word except ordered our drink. 
We order ramen noodles. They are extremely SALTY!!! Too salty to swallow!!!
Will not come back ever again!!!!I'm often here a few times every other month, but it's not for the food or drinks. They open late so that's a plus since I'm a night owl. 
The staff is friendly and fun, they recommended me to a few items that I was unsure with. It's a old place to bring a few friends for drinks before heading out to a club or bar.I came here my first night in NOLA for some ramen with the boyfriend. I go the tonkotsu ramen, spice level 4/5, and he got the shoyu ramen, spice level 4/5. The soup came pretty quickly and the broth was great. Boyfriend loved the shoyu, and the tonkotsu was rich and creamy and spicy and delicious. The fish cakes were not the greatest, and the egg was boiled all the way through but cold in the middle. The noodles had virtually no texture. The serving of pork was generous and the meat was good. The only vegetables were bean sprouts and a few green onions. It would have been nice to have had a little more. Overall, the ramen seemed to have been put together from previously prepared ingredients and instant noodles, but the broth was delicious. The price was good and I was satisfied, I would come here again.
service was 4/5
did not use the bathroomSo good! Their Yaki Soba and Yaki Ramen are my two favorites.  You can have them deliver via Uber eats too!!Just no...i've been to Little Tokyo twice and had the Shoyu Ramen noodles both times.  My girlfriend tried the regular Ramen bowl on our last trip.  I thought the regular ramen was nothing special.  The broth had a slightly odd taste and did not seem to have been a miso base.  I liked the Shoyu ramen pretty well. I got it spicy, which I think actually takes some of the broth flavor out, and it mostly just takes like spice.  I liked the noodles inside and the pork pieces, etc.  The second time I got the same dish, I found it a lot more boring than the last time I'd had it.
Some of the dishes here look good. Friends have tried the rolls and sashimi and really enjoyed it.  Overall, I just haven't found the couple dishes I've tried so far to be particularly stellar.  You might want to try the Yaki Soba or Udon, which look good in the pictures on the menu.Little Tokyo is close to Xavier University, so I often go here with friends to enjoy a nice lunch ! They do great ramen here, and I do enjoy it a lot ! The squid balls and half and half squid and seaweed salad are great starters as well. I'm never unsatisfied here. I don't eat the sushi here much, so I don't have much to say. However, the Shoyu ramen is great and everything is great about it . A lot of noodles compared to the pork and egg they put in there, but other than that, it's great. The prices are good and affordable. I like the place a lot. Good place to go to after classes. Atmosphere is mostly quiet and peaceful around 11-12. Parking SUCKS though. Maybe enough for 5-6 cars in the back. You'd have to park near the bank next to Little Tokyo.I called today on Sunday . At 11:33 pm . 
This guy picked up the phone and I asked what time do they close to be sure . 
Anyways , so he picks up and I asked . 
He says " Oh we are actually closed now . " 
I asked " but on yelp it says you guys close at 2:00am ?" 
He answered " OH, On the site it says we close at 2am ?  I'm saying we close now!  " 
He was RUDE and DISRESPECTFUL.  
Did not even apologize that the site was either wrong or they were closing !  
Owners of Little Tokyo. Please keep your employees in check because this is NOT the first time it happened !Unbelievably terrible. Beef if you can call it that was over cooked and wretched. The sushi rolls are badly sized and the fish was inedible. Avoid this place like the plagueOrdered salmon hibachi rice and buffalo chicken to go. Now that I'm home, I see that I got hibachi rice but there is no salmon. At least I still have the buffalo chicken? 
I'm irritated, and  it's a huge hassle to walk 6 blocks and take the bus for 20 minutes, just to return it. Two stars only because Bella the bartender was awesome, and the food was really fast.  I guess that's a wrap for Little Tokyo. I'm going to finish my salmon-less hibachi rice now.We happened to pass by here and saw ramen on be sign. I'm a fan of gourmet ramen, so I wanted to try this place out. I had no idea what type of setting it was supposed to be. With a name like little Tokyo, I wasn't expecting a Rocky Horror Picture show type vibe. Between that type of music being played very loudly and the mtv playing on the tv, it was not a very relaxing meal for my taste. Very, very distracting. 
Apparently this is a college karaoke type place, so had I known that, my expectations would have been a little different before I walked in. 
Having said that, our server was very nice and helpful, and the ramen was actually very good. Just not my type of vibe when I am eating. 
I will go back to Little Tokyo for Ramen again, but probably not this location, since I don't live near this one anyway.When they first opened I frequented here once sometimes twice a week for their tonkotsu ramen, extra extra spicy.  Everytime i had a hankering for ramen, little Tokyo was my go to spot.  The employees were always friendly, albeit the turnover rate was high.  This last visit we showed up at 4 pm on a Sunday.  There was maybe only one customer at the bar and no one at the hostess stand.  The place had a few face lifts since my last visit and smelled strongly of cleaning products.  We sat ourselves after being directed by either a patron or an employee, wasn't sure.  It took about 10 minutes before menus were brought to us.  Right off the bat the waitress/bartender was extremely unfriendly and standoffish.  Not once did she crack a smile.  Simple questions was met with attitude and annoyance.  I was about to order a drink but then resisted after encountering her.  The ramen was paltry to what it used to be.  Not as nicely presented as it used to be and a lot less.  To say I was disappointed is an understatement.  I will be waiting to satiate my ramen cravings for when I travel outside the city next time.I tried going here last night but sat down and waited fifteen minutes. No server or menus arrived. The place didn't seem busy at all. Just poorly managed. 
Which would explain why I got approached by a guy that works there asking me if I wanted a job there and how they needed help. I was in my work uniform too just walking past going to subway.This place sucks!  I've been here twice in 7 months and both times were poor.  The beer is warm, the interior is old and weathered - it includes tons of hand written signs on what is an isn't allowed...  and the sushi chef is clearly not a sushi chef.  All in all, Little Tokyo needs to get it together or roll back to one and only one restaurant.
I WILL NOT GO BACK!If I could give this place a negative 5, I would do it. 
We have had a terrible experience 2 birthdays in a row because of rude and confused servers. We have been treated with disrespect that is unreasonable for a karaoke and mediocre sushi restaurant. They make their policies extremely confusing to cater to their servers. When we try to inquire about what we SHOULD do, they give us muddled responses that are demeaning. 
DO NOT GO HERE. FIND ANOTHER PLACE TO APPEASE YOUR SOUL'S NEED FOR MUSICAL EXPRESSION.What in the world is going on with this place? Used to be our neighborhood sushi place until about a year ago. I decided to give it another try today. I walk in with my son and some greasy, blue-haired, dirty-clothes woman seems annoyed we wanna eat there. We sit down, and there's two other tables of people in the entire place, yet, after 5 minutes no one greeted us, offered us menus, or took our drink order. The greasy woman was walking around doing nothing, and another greasy/dirty chick was sitting behind the register desk .  I was disgusted just thinking of the possibility of either of these females being inches from my food. So we got up and left. Never going back there again. Just GROSS!!The service is terrible, Terrible, TERRIBLE. A large group of friend came here on a late Wednesday night and the place was damn near empty. You would think that would make it easier on the server to serve a large party. Not. 
The food came out slow and at very different times so our group of 7 did not eat together. The food was mediocre but NOTHING compared to other sushi I've had in NOLA. What you really come here for is karaoke so beware you must spend an average of $10 per person to sing.
The best part is this, they don't do separate checks so I spent around 20 minutes figuring the bill for our group. You can only use up to four cards on one bill as well. So our group used cash and 3 cards. I wrote down exactly how much to charge each card on the receipt and spelled it out very clearly to the server. He comes back and says he "accidentally" charged the last card $86... Our bill was 137 and there was over $50 in cash and two other card. The server says he will void it and charge the appropriate amount. He then comes back and hands the receipt to be signed and it still says $86.. So we have been charged incorrectly TWICE and the server is apologetic but this is all REALLY unnecessary. The server comes back finally and gets it right but mind you we have paid a mandatory 18% gratuity for subpar sushi and service. WILL NOT BE RETURNING.Squid steak came out first in brown looking liquid and being quite cold. They took it back and "fixed" it by I guess dumping the liquid and trying to make it look like it. Udon was bland as a mtfer. I thought it's suppose to be white rice but it came out yellow. And the lunch special chicken teriyaki was not as good as I hoped. The rice was soaked in teriyaki sauce. Not good. And there were a couple ants on the table.Available on uber eats and hit the spot on a craving.
The ramen noodles are tolerable and the broth was pretty tasty at the mid spicey level. The broth and such comes in a 32oz styrofoam cup with the noodles on the side. It worked and was still warm when it got to me so that was a plus.
Got some California rolls that were alright, can't beat the price at $4. Ordered spicey mayo to go with it and it came in a little cute container. 
Pan seared dumplings were ok, but nothing special.This use to be my favorite hibachi, it's no longer a hibachi, the chicken rice was horrible and gummy. The tempura was average and the teriyaki was just a waste, it was a thinly slice of chicken breast with room temperature teriyaki sauce poured on top. The sushi was the same but I doubt I'll back.My friends and I have been dining here since (around) our senior year of HS (2010) and my only complaint back then was the loud, mainstream music that would blare throughout the entire main dining hall, which made it impossible to hold a conversation over. But the ramen was bitchin so it was worth it. 
The last 3 or 4 times I've tried to go were just awful. Especially the last time. I stood at the host stand for 10 minutes, nobody showed (and it's definitely not seat yourself) so I had to ask the bartender to seat us and tell the server he had a table. After that, we sat there for about 20 minutes, in the middle of the restaurant in clear site of everyone working, without any service. This all happened at around 8pm, so no need to think "oh maybe it was right before closing" logic. They closed at 2am that night.
I remember a time before that, there were three of us and they told us they couldn't split checks so we gave them two credit cards and asked, "can you split it down the middle?" and our server refused, said "nah bruh just one card." Ummm. That seriously makes no sense. Especially considering we've had split checks every time before then. Not to mention he didn't say a word to us after ordering our food. He stood in the corner playing on his phone as our drinks remained empty to the ice until our food was ready. When it finally was, he just dropped off our plates without saying which rolls were what and scurried off to hide in the corner and play on his phone again. 
This place is a joke.This place is great for take-outs.  
The Udon soup & Roll combo is always what i go for.  It's usually ready in about 15 minutes on the dot.  I always show up exactly when they say to (I live right down the street) and I've never had my order not  ready when I'd arrive to pick it up.I think this is the only good Little Tokyo out of all their locations. The rolls especially the noodles are the best and only this location has the Tonkotsu noodle. It's also one of a few restaurant that open really late 2 am in the area with karaokeGreat service but the food was just OK.
Tonkatsu Ramen - Chasu pork was good, but the broth tasted like coconut which was odd.
Curry Nachos - Jalapeños tastes straight out of the can.
Willow Roll - Best part of the meal as it was deep fried.
Maybe it's the best NOLA has to offer, but in Cali we have way more ramen joints to try out like Santouka and Ramadaya.This place is awesome. We have so much fun every time we go. The food and drinks are very reasonably priced, especially for what you get. Most of the menu is really great, and the servers and bartender have always steered me in the right direction. Karaoke is what makes this place our go to spot most of the time. They have rooms you can rent, which I would suggest, but if you're feeling gutsy they have it in the front as well. The atmosphere is pretty laid back, music is always on point, and we love that they're open until 2 (food until 1 am!)Didn't want to believe all the negative reviews but, LE SIGH, it is true. Little Tokyo is beyond awful. 
The food was very mediocre, sushi, did not look fresh, the servers looked beyond pissed off to be at work (the girl in the stripped shirt and shorts with the Dansko shoes look agitated every time she was seated). Not to mention the bartender and manager were eating at the bar right near the bottles of alcohol and glasses.
The only highlight was Jennifer! (kudos to her, she was awesome!)When I was taking order on the phone, the guy hold my call and kept me waiting for two times with no reason. I give up ordering in the end. Only can say that the service is quite poor.Big fan of this place. The food is good- love the tuna tar tar, hibachi rice, ramen, and many of the rolls. The mixed drinks are pretty bad so I stick to sake and sapporo when I am there. The prices are really good and the atmosphere is what it needs to be. The best part is the KARAOKE!! Whether you are in a private room or there on the main stage after 9, the karaoke is always a blast (except for when a bunch of drunk Tulane girls take over the stage).
I go with friends a lot and get a small private room. The service is usually pretty good and if you eat and drink enough there is no charge for the room- bonus! There are really funny "sexy" lady beach videos that play behind the words on the screen in the private karaoke rooms. So so funny.
I have been to and had a birthday party there. I recommend going there on a weekend to check it out!While the other Little Tokyo locations are more restaurant oriented, this location seems to focus more on the bar/karaoke aspect with its limited menus for food. It's not bad if you are in the area or specifically want to do karaoke, but if you are looking for sushi/ramen, there are better options out there. But the food isn't bad, and it isn't outrageously expensive, so grab a couple of small plates if you are there to do some singing. Which, by the way, you have to-- $10/person on average needs to be spent to be allowed to do karaoke in the main dining room. I am not sure what the rates are for the private karaoke. 
Some of the items that I have had here that are solid are: 
- Spicy Edamame
- Tuna Tartare 
- Yaki Udon
- Cucumber Seafood Salad
I haven't gotten too into the rolls because most of them are loaded with snowcrab, tempura, and sauces, while I prefer more plain fish and veggie based rolls. But I have had friends that have ordered the rolls and enjoyed them.  The Tokyo Salad Wrap is pretty refreshing if you order it with a side of ponzu sauce. 
I've seen a few people here comment on the service. I haven't had a bad experience with the service, but most of the times I have come here, I have sat at the bar. Service isn't out of this world, but it isn't bad. Though, the last time I was there, it did look like there are some staffing issues. The bartender was running around trying to serve all the people at the bar, make drinks for tables, run karaoke, and help wait/buss tables on the floor. Seemed like a lot for one person to handle.Honestly, I keep coming here because it's the only place that serves ramen uptown. I loooove tonkatsu (pork) ramen. And they make it good here. Everything else - eeeeeeeh. 
Service is bad. Like really bad even when they are not busy. Forgot drinks and food orders, they bring out food to different people one at a time - I tend to eat here in groups or by myself. Because of the damn noodles. And if you're in a group of four they automatically throw on grat (18% which made me cock my eyebrow).
The small plates are all right, usually deep fried something or other, covered in sauce. The sushi is okay - it suffers from sushi buffet seaweed and rice - something about the quality is just not right and you can taste it. 
The Karaoke rooms look like fun, but damn if you're just here to eat you can hear some of the worst voices in New Orleans in this place. You'll walk in remembering New Orleans was a cultural beacon of music and then walk out wishing you were deaf.
A huge highlight - the alcohol is cheap, they have a daily drink specials and sake bombs and it's open LATE. I caught this place open at 1 am on a tuesday. Kudos to that.The food was really great. It was a great atmosphere and some of the best sushi I've had in a while. The only thing I didn't like was the attitude of the waitress. We were paying and we were talking to her about splitting up our bill. As she was counting, she looked up at us and said "I don't mean to sound rude, but are you really not going to tip me on a $70 dollar bill?" We had never said we weren't tipping her and we had already left her tip on the table. Aside from the waitress, everything was great.I've been here several times. The food is great but they always get my order wrong, every single time. They have also charged me two different prices even though I order the exact same thing EACH TIME. Also, many of the employees there specifically the women have major attitudes. I won't be going there again.Yummy! I've never experienced the karaoke, though, because we mostly eat there for lunch and get takeout. We've had both "decent" and "really good" servers, but the food is always prepared perfectly. I haven't had much sushi, though, since I'm vegetarian. I usually get the appetizers and noodle dishes.This place is small and it smells like a college bar but I think it has character to it! 
They have private karaoke rooms and they are really big. 
We got 2 Po boys special rolls and you guys they are MASSIVE! The rice part is very thick but it's very filling. I believe it was 14.40 for one roll.
We also got beef soba noodles which were very nice but it tasted like the ones in the package.
Chicken fried rice came with a ginger dressing salad which was nice but it tastes very different then the ones I get from South Carolina. 
The rice had some bits of spicy to it and it was kinda bitter I couldn't tell what it was because it was very dark. But not bad.
We also got the squid which had a nice aroma so it was alright. 
But it was amazing and we had a very nice server! 
Thomas review: 
Food was good. Rolls are satisfying and filling. Everything has a spice to it.I've heard of at least 5 different cases of food poisoning that have affected my friends and my girlfriend. Due to the popularity of the kareokee bar food here is made quickly and without much attention to detail (I've received cold food before). Good for specialty drinks I suppose. If you're looking for a good japanese food experience, i'd try Shogun in Metarie or Ninja on Oak.I've only had the miso soup and Chocolate City Roll, but they were both amazing. I can't wait to come back and try more things! 
They do not split checks and the techno music playing was kind of odd. It wasn't too loud, just out of place. That and the laser lights on the ceiling.little tokyo is one of the best places to go for large group kareoke. The private rooms are a great and reasonable choice for a party. My first experience was a blast for my friends birthday in the big back room, if we are just going by entertainment value. The service for the back room and the quality of the food was disappointing.
I think this place is best considered a ' hang out' venue rather than a restaurant because the kareoke keeps me going back.
My subsequent trips have all been spent in the main room where one waitress in particular stole my heart with her plushie darth vader backpack.  
I find it harder to rock kareoke in the main bar because tempo and volume are controlled by the bartender who gets busy, leaving you stranded in the middle of the fastest version of ' wind beneath my wings' Ever! But to be fair I think she had it out for me after I chose ' baby got back'for my first number.This is my favorite sushi place in the city! This is the only place I have seen spicy edamame and it's a craving I have now from time to time. I usually order the a Chocolate City roll when I go but the Burning Man is good too. My 31st birthday party was in one of the private rooms and it was a great time! The waiter was very attentive and brought every thing to the room fast.Alright, I gotta say something now. 
I have been a regular of this place since 2010. I've known nearly all of their front of the house employees by name up until a year or so ago. This place has become an absolute, unorganized shit hole. My last three visits here have been subpar at best and extremely unprofessional. Since the management has changed, it's been crap visit after crap visit. 
Their food is just okay. The sushi fish tastes so bland and are all virtually flavorless. Their ramen used to be GREAT and has steadily just gotten saltier and saltier. Lowering the price does not always justify the mediocre quality of the food. I feel like the chicken wings are what keeps this place alive, honestly.
But I digress. Here is a review of my latest experience. Little Tokyo closes at 2am on Fridays and Saturdays. Hell, they used to close EVERY day at 2am but then changed it to midnight as of last year. My friend and I came from work and sat down in the restaurant at around 12:20ish. We sit down, they hand us the full menu. Then our waitress walks out and says the kitchen just closed and only the sushi bar was open. I asked her why the kitchen is closed when they close at 2am (now if it was 1:30, I'd totally understand). She said the BAR closes at 2am. So my friend and I sit there, defeated, as we came for ONLY takoyaki but since it's already late, we decide to stay and just get something. I even ask the waitress if we can just have something fried since it'd be quick or ramen since that literally requires hardly any effort to make. She said the kitchen has already shut off everything. We accept it. 
So anyways, my friend orders her food. I order mine. We're in the middle of eating and all the bar stools/chairs are going up, they SHUT OFF the music and turned the lights WAY down. I mean, it's cool. I don't need to see to eat. By the way, it's only 12:45 at this point. The employees (very loudly to one another from across the room) say their good nights and it's clear they want us to leave. My friend and I finish our food and we wait, and wait, and wait for our waitress to come back to give us our bill.
Long story short, either change your hours, your service, your management, or something. I've even called ahead before and the person who picks up says that they're open. I get there not even 15 minutes later and they say they've closed for the night when it's only 11:00pm on a Friday. It's incredibly infuriating and makes me (and others) never want to dine here ever again. 
Also, shit talking customers should probably happen NOT in the dining room where the actual guests can hear you. Don't tell me you close at 2am and rush me out at 12:45. This place is going down because the employees are getting lazier and lazier and frankly, don't care about customer service. Or maybe it's whoever runs the place? I don't really know.
Shouldn't take ten minutes for someone to greet a customer. Shouldn't take ten more minutes for menus to be handed to them. Questions shouldn't be answered with eye rolls and annoyed responses. These things didn't happen to me tonight, but they've happened to me multiple times in the past. Maybe y'all should just put your tables back the way they were before because maybe it's the bad juju and Feng Shui that's souring the place. I don't know, but it needs to change.We have been here several times and the food is always delicious but the service is never good. It will take forever to order and/or pay. The coconut lemongrass sake is delicious.Is this place on the brink of closing? I have only ordered sushi here (no noodles) and I'm not a sushi connoisseur, so it tasted good to me. The service is pitiful and the place looks rough. I'm thinking it's a front for embezzlement. The prices on their website are inaccurate. When I called in a pick-up order I said "That total is incorrect according to the menu online" and they said they didn't have a website! I told them I'm looking at it now, that's how I am able to place this order. And they said "well then it's not up to date".New management is awesome! The food is great, my favorite is definitely the shrimp mermaid ( cream cheese with a fat shrimp in a won ton) Yassss! The  Ramen is super flavorful and tasty! Also the live Karaoke in the restaurant is a wild fun party scene on the weekends. Officially my favorite Japanese spot!!!I am convinced an epileptic chef put together this menu. Curry fries? Sounds good at first but it ends up being fries w curry sauce poured over them.  What??  Edamame with garlic chili sauce poured on too? Wtf.  Noodle bowls are substantive but the menu mainly looks to be designed for drunk people. Heavy scent of disinfectant spray on the tables. Crappy techno dance music. This place cannot decide if it's a crappy restaurant or a crappy disco.I don't eat ramen from the grocery store EVER. But I crave the Tonkatsu at small plates. We, seriously, go once a week. Love it.You when you eat a restaurant and it was so average that you just forgot you ate there, well that is what I experienced here at Little Tokyo in New Orleans. 
With that said, the company was good enough to make the food less important, in this case. But, I was able to get some Kimchi, and add some bacteria to my gut. However, it was clearly not made in house, as asked of the waiter, which was a disappointment. For a local spot in this part of New Orleans, at least you have food!Went to celebrate a friend's last horrah in law school, this place i adorable. Had an asian sake fusion drink and it was delicious!Little Tokyo Small Plates & Noodle Bar is a pretty unique entry. It's somewhat like crossing a tapas place with a sushi joint and adding a bunch of fried items from various regions. The decent prices and extensive menu (I like a crazy amount of choices) help make up for iffy service. 
Food is a strange mishmash. That's not necessarily a bad thing, but it can be jarring at times. I dined with someone who ordered the curry nachos. He later commented that he figured there would be more of an asian spin as opposed to what ended up being ballpark-ish nachos. I found this to be both a hilarious and accurate assessment. Their other small plates vary. It seems like a large percentage are fried so keep that mind. I usually get either yaki udon or yaki soba. Both of these plates are /very/ generous, especially if you've had any small plates. I enjoy them very much (just enough heat) and leaving with so many leftovers is a plus. The Beef Kushi-Yaki is also very good!
Like many other reviews, the service I've received does not reflect all that well on Little Tokyo. It's usually slow even before the dinner rush with very few customers there. I always tip something regardless, but the staff often seem frazzled for no apparent reason. It's been solid a few times but mostly not.
I haven't participated in karaoke there, but I've heard positive feedback from friends. Also, I don't drink much so the alcohol is a non-factor to me but most people say their drinks are reasonably priced and above average quality. Overall, it's not a huge hit, but any place that serves ramen and sliders at the same time is worth a look.Have been there quite a few times . Tonight we strayed a bit from our usual orders. Everything was pretty good. The beef skewers were Awful!! Nothing but gristlecould t even swallow one bite. Thankfully our waiter was very apologetic and took it off our bill the shrimp skewer could've been cooked a bit longer but was waaay better than the beef. Our soups were great. I mainly go for the yakisoba!! I Love their yakisoba ,but am going to the beach so was trying to cut carbs a bit. Their ramen is also really good.. the same is great!!I came here with friends to have a couple of drinks and snack on sushi. The female bartender stopped allowing the server to serve us drinks and didn't give me a reason why after my friends had left and I asked to sit at the bar for a drink. Every server does something while they serve. Be it a shift drink or whatever. Rude, impolite, and unprofessional.finally tried this place recently after passing by hundreds of times. I was blown away by the portion sizes of everything. $4 for a literal BOWL of hibachi rice? yes please!
we have since been back a few times, food is always great. this place would get 4 solid stars from me if karaoke wasn't part of the equation. we work until midnight, so by the time we get there people are nice and soused and terrible! hoping to make it there on an off night so maybe I can join in the fun!So we came here late at night, where else can you really go and get food like this and enjoy a little karaoke?  The service is okay, and its entertaining to see drunk people karaoke.  We had the following:
- Pan fried Gyoza - this was pretty decent, but then it taste like every other gyoza, so its probably frozen, or it tastes like it
- Sweet Potato Fries - we opted for this because they were out of the Curry Fries, but this was not that great, pretty limp if you ask me
- Tonkotsu - egg noodle simmered in pork bone with chopped green onions, bean sprouts, half of a boiled egg, chashu pork, and fish cake - surprisingly, this was pretty good, you can also choose the level of spicy you desire, I would go back just for this!
I would come again for the Tonkotsu ramen and drunk karaoke!Best Sushi in the city and the best Rainbow Roll I've ever had.  They also have a great "Specials" menu as well.  Not very often you find a Sushi joint as good as this place.  Generous cuts of fish as well!i've been here a couple of times and used to think it was ok for a casual meal, but now i think the quality of the food has gone down and it is not good.  the ramen is average, tempura vegetables extremely bland, yaki udon noodles were gummy, chicken katsu skewer pieces were large and unwieldy and came with a canned/pre-made sauce, and the ginger pork rice dish was too fatty with a disproportionate amount of rice.
to make matters a lot worse, the atmosphere was terrible.  unless you're one of the extremely drunk and obnoxious college kids endlessly screaming karaoke onstage, you will likely have homicidal thoughts.  i actually appreciate karaoke, but not when people think it means screaming the words at the top of their lungs in large groups.  we tried to get away by sitting outside (the host said he didn't blame us), but there was no escape.  there needs to be a sound booth or separate soundproof room where patrons can just eat and  not be subjected to that awfulness. 
as for service, the server messed up our order, did what was minimally required and was not personable at all.  my dissatisfaction with the service was tempered by my sympathy for the server for working there.
the ONLY positive thing about this place is that it serves food late, but you better be ravenously hungry.Was here this past Monday, rented a private room with about 16-20 people.
We had a large room, which ended up being great, because whatever you order in food/drinks comes off of the price of your room. We ended up spending $400+ and it was $30 per person including tip.
Overall, our experience was great. They have a little button that you push for service. Our waitress was sweet, attentive, and was always giving us suggestions as to what was the best deal.
We ordered the $100 party platter, a few pitchers of hot sake and beer, and many speciality cocktails. Some people liked their cocktails, others not so much. I would say to stick to the fruity stuff.
The food, especially the sushi, was delicious. Granted, everyone was three sheets to the wind, so anything would have tasted good.
The room itself was great and we all had a great time. I drank way too much sake for my own good, but I would do it again in a heart beat.I've only been here twice. Once in the morning , the other time at late night. It's very lively at night. I like the atmosphere here but the food sucks! I usually order some of the same stuff I normal eat at every sushi place. I think this one might be the worst. Especially out of all their locations. They couldnt get it right, from the simple roll like crunchy roll or beef tataki or even the hamachikama don't seem to taste good. The equipment in the smaller room  is too out dated or even broken.I use to love eating here, but my past few visits have been less than satisfactory. I always came for the tonkotsu ramen and enjoyed my first few visits, but as of lately I've been disappointed at the service and food. 
My last visit. The "host" sat us at a dirty table and had us wait about 10 minutes before he came to clean it up. This happened as we watched him stay still and do nothing. We didn't even get drinks anytime soon either. Ramen was okay. Salty and chasu was dry and more jerky than ideal. Proportions were different for my and my dates bowl. I had far more broth than noodles. Later that night my date had a stomach ache and felt sick. I saw my server once the entire meal. 
Not to mention, some of my friends who used to frequent the place also experienced the same problem. Everything is falling apart and I hope they fix it because I enjoyed finally having a nice bowl of ramen in New Orleans that isn't out of a packet.I'm really torn up about this rating because I have a ton of fun here, but I think it may have gone downhill a bit. The floor was nasty (straws, wooden skewers, old food smeared around) and the service was slow. The server noticed the floor and said "yeah some people that work here are kinda lazy and don't clean as well as they should..." LOL the truth hurts. 
BUT they have sushi and karaoke and private rooms! I have gone here for my birthday the last two years and we have had a ball and easily spent enough on drinks to have the room for free. (They waive the rental if you spend enough). 
Sooo I'm hovering between three and four stars. Three stars for the service and cleanliness and ambiance but four because I just love private room karaoke and what other options are there? They also let us bring a smoke machine and a strobe light.Seriously get your shit together. Waited more than an hour for a togo. Order was missing one thing. CURRY FRIES. It takes five minutes max and it took over an hour. It wasn't even busy inside either so I don't understand why it took that long for some god damn fries. No manager around to say nothing to us nor to help the employee.
WOW AND THERES NO MEAT OR ANYTHING WITH MY RAMEN. SO THIS WHOLE TIME OF WAITING AND MY ORDER IS STILL MESSED UP...I always look forward to working in uptown to come here for lunch. Then I came for karaoke at night and now looking at property in the UPT. All jokes aside, the food is yum and the atmosphere welcomingGreat sushi at a reasonable price. I like the Yaki  soba and crunchy roll. It's the best of both worlds.Horrible service, mediocre sushi at best, they tried overcharging by quite a bit and auto-tipped us to boot. Never going there again. The only good thing about the evening was laughing at the karaoke.I'm a fan of Little Tokyo! I usually come here for the karaoke: you can rent a small, medium, or large group for your friends and the price per hour is how much you have to spend on food/ drinks! I've rarely had a problem reaching the amount because the food and drinks are actually really good in my opinion! Warning: if you're getting a room they don't split checks! So make sure everyone you're going with is really honest/ not too stingy with their money so everyone gets paid back accordingly! Otherwise there's always one person that gets stuck with a big check (which they aren't happy about ). Also, ask your waitress about any drink deals they're having that night! A few times when I've gone they've given us a good deal on sake/ beer combos to make your own sake bombs instead of ordering them individually! 
When you're getting a karaoke room, keep in mind that it usually takes people a little while to warm up enough to sing! Sometimes when I've gone it's taken 1.5-2 hours for people to want to sing, so keep that in mind when you're deciding how many hours to reserve your room for! 
This Little Tokyo also has great food deals! I love their udon and roll special, where you get a bowl of some kind of udon (chicken, tempura, etc) and one of their cheaper rolls (snow crab, California, etc) for only $10.95! My friends have also been happy with their individual rolls and bento box specials! 
My only real issue with this Little Tokyo is the wait staff can be very hit or miss. Sometimes my waitresses have come back and checked on us/ gotten us drinks very often and other times they only came back 2 or 3 times in 3 hours (which made it much harder to reach our room amount!). 
All in all, I definitely recommend going to Little Tokyo with some friends and singing your little hearts out! If you choose to go to Little Tokyo and not rent a room, heads up that they also have karaoke going on in the main room on weekend nights so this may disturb your nice quiet dinner/ date night! I usually use the main room karaoke as dinner entertainment!
Food -- 4 stars
Price -- 4 stars
Karaoke -- 5 stars
Service -- 3 stars
Atmosphere -- 4.5 starsThis place has really gone downhill. This last time I went my fish was chewy and gritty. The rice was mushy. My seared tuna salad was drenched in soy sauce. The place is always super loud, and not loud with general hustle and bustle...lots of drunk folks screaming lady gaga songs atonally at the top of their lungs. It's basically just bar food. Oh, forgot to mention, the waitstaff on each visit have gotten progressively worse. They're completely disinterested in helping you and seem to just want to escape to the back.HAD A BLAST! Our waitress was polite and patient with us and our food came out really fast. The quality of our food was excellent! Pricing and serving size was also good as I spent $32 for two and we left very satisfied. If you are looking for a quaint little neighborhood jewel this is your spot. Needless to say we will be eating here again very soon and maybe next time trying karaoke!The one on causeway is definitely better than this location. Pros: Sushi was great and made very quickly.  Cons: came here on a weeknight and the music was so loud, I couldn't here myself think. What is it with some sushi places trying to be like big city clubs?Looking for a late night munch, my friends and I stumbled across Little Tokyo. It was the perfect late night meal because we didn't want to have the typical greasy burger and fries. The great thing is that they are open until 2 am Monday through Saturday! 
Everything that I've had here has been really good! If you are looking for hibachi fried rice without the expensive hibachi prices, this is the place to go! Their hibachi fried rice is so delicious, and they give you so much of it! I've also had their chicken yakitori which is a great little appetizer to your meal. I would also recommend trying their sushi. Even though their sushi prices are a little higher than other sushi restaurants, they give you a huge roll! I love the crunchy roll! 
I have yet to try to their private karaoke rooms, but I hear that they are really fun! Little Tokyo is even great for huge groups of people. I definitely want to try their soups and ramen next time I go.I hate to say it, but I'm done with you Little Tokyo.  It's you.  Not me.  I went to Little Tokyo at least 3 times a month since they opened, but we are done.  No complaints on the food.  Creative ramen dishes that I love.  I love the seafood ramen special, also a big fan of the deluxe ramen dish.  I like the drink specials.  However, this place may have the WORST service in the city.  It became an on-running joke, everytime we went, we'd time how long we were ignored, sometime it was a half-hour sometimes 45 minutes.  Their servers manage to just disappear.  We recently brought 3 friends in who were first timers.  It was awful.  We had a table of 5.  Everyone's dishes came out at different times.  Meals came before appetizers.  We blamed it on the usual Little Tokyo idiosyncracies.  Then 2 of the people at our tables food never came, as our server disappeared.  We didn't see our server for over 45 minutes after the table was finished with food and 2 peoples food were still missing.  We had to get the mgr because our server had disappeared.  They brought our food over an hour after the rest of the table had finished.  Then our bill came.  We weren't expecting a free meal, maybe a discount or something for this fiasco and we got not a mention of the problems.  We again asked the manager to do something for us.  At first she refused to help us.  She then brought the server over and scolded him in front of the table!!!  Then she decided to take the two late dishes off.  Bringing the server over was terrible.  I give them two stars because I like the food, but the services is routinely awful.  I like having them in the hood, but I can't go back until I hear they improve.We had a private karaoke room and we of course had a blast! The only downside was the food took a while to come but they were very good about accommodating us. The habachi rice was amazing!!!!The sushi is all I've ever had every time I've come here, so I can't speak for the rest of the menu. I've always found service to be friendly and the rolls to be pretty damn good (and well crafted). I try to get something different on every visit and haven't been disappointed thus far. The place itself is perfect for night dining. Whether it's a date or a group of friends, I've found the setting to be perfect for any casual low-key night out.
The sushi menu is about as varied as any other restaurant of its kind, but I believe some unique rolls are also offered. I tend to stick to what I know, but the couple of times I've tried a dressier roll here, I really enjoyed it.I've tried tonkotsu ramen for so many times, it's always too salty. You can tell the chef do not add any salt in it but it doesn't mean that the ramen will not be salty any more. Do not try other ramen, they are worse. Other choices are chicken teriyaki plate, bento box and yakisoba.I don't even know how to start. Our server was so rude and disrespectful BLATANTLY refusing to serve us and then when we asked to see a manager he tried to start a fight with my husband. A literal fight. The manager told us "I'll see what I can do" charged us full price and there was no apology what so ever. This experience was so god awful the only reason I'm writing this is because I want someone who's actually in charge to reach out to me because I have never been treated as such ever. I understand this review is probably not the most eloquent but please take my word for it; this place used to be great but the service is trash.If you like slow service, go here every time you want some japanese food. Great glory hole placement.Came in for lunch and was pleasantly surprised. Got the ginger beef bowl which was tasty, filling and reasonably priced. Could have done without the extra loud house music at 1 in the afternoon, but the food was good enough to bring me back.AWFUL SERVICE
They all seem to be extremely bothered that you are there... Including the manager. So annoying because there are very few hibachi tables in the city..Little Tokyo Restaurant chain is one of the best sushi places in New Orleans. The restaurant has been around for 25 years after the Yusuke family moved to New Orleans from Japan. There are several locations around town but our two favorites are the North Carrollton and South Carrollton ones. Both also offer Karaoke rooms. North Carrollton offers a Hibachi room which is also a fun option if you are going in large groups. The South Carrolton location has a younger vibe and has nightly live entertainment with some very talented local musicians. 
The restaurant has fish shipped from Tsukiji market in Tokyo three times a week which leads to authentic dishes and the freshest ingredients. Many rolls are New Orleans inspired with funky names to go with the rolls. After repeated trips to Little Tokyo and trying many of the rolls we have found our favorites: Chocolate city (spicy tuna, snow crab and avocado wrapped with soy paper, seared tuna and crunchy on top with mixed sauces), the burning man (spicy tuna and crunchy inside, pepper tuna and avocado on top with ponzu and eel sauce) and the burning woman (snow crab roll with pepper tuna and avocado on top with ponzu and eel sauce). See menu.
Being a big fan of ramen my favorite is the variety of ramen noodle dishes you can find at Little Tokyo Small Plates and Noodle bars. You can choose your soup base, level of spiciness and add as many toppings as you'd like.I think of this place as a budget ramen bar and it's great. I've never tried the sushi. I've only had a few different kinds of ramen and they are all pretty good. The atmosphere is definitely weird but consider it a budget ramen bar and you'll quickly forget your troubles. Want the biggest carafe of sake you've ever had? This is the place. I can't find better ramen in this city so I hope it sticks around.If I could go lower than 1 star, I would. The man behind the bar who REFUSED to give us his name was extremely rude from the moment our group walked in the door and continued to escalate till we left. He was a short Hispanic man and made rude comments the entire time saying that we had to buy something to use the karaoke machine. But the whole time we were buying drinks and we're trying to decide what food to get. I'm in the service industry, so for someone treat us that way and still have a job there is beyond me. He made racist comments the entire time then proceeded to say we were hood rats and various other wonderful names. I love little Tokyo but will never return to this location. His behavior was absolutely appalling.For the first time I've been inspired to create an account and write a review. I was really looking forward to the Burning Man Roll, which is delicious, but I walked out without ordering. We were seated and given laminated menus that had water stains. The menus had no information about the sushi at all, so we asked for the normal menu and were given a dirty piece of paper with fold marks. This place needs a serious quality control check.I absolutely do not recommend this place.  The servers were great but the person in charge and the female bartender were incredibly rude.  The first time I came here for a party in one of their karaoke rooms I got chewed out for having a few people over the limit even though they profited a lot from the people at my party.  
I then mistakenly decided to give them another chance and they ripped me off.  The bartender woman lied to my friend about buying drinks at the bar and crediting it to our room which resulted in us paying for the room along with our food instead of getting the room for free.  The food wasn't even that great!  I also tried to sort the situation out with the person in charge and she gave me an attitude and said, "Why are you even here?"  I tried to explain the misunderstanding with the head woman but the bartender lady denied everything and the person in charge refused to take my word for it.  The owner even threatened to charge me for another hour if I didn't leave within the next 8 minutes.  I even heard the bartender say a racist comment while she was in the kitchen thinking that I wouldn't hear it.  
I came to Little Tokyo expecting to have a fun night karaoke-ing with my friends to celebrate my graduation and it ended in disaster.  The owner and bartender at Little Tokyo on South Carrollton has no respect for their customers and I hope no one else will have to experience the awful night that I had while I was there.  If you want to have a good time, you should go to the Little Tokyo on Causeway.  Don't waste your money or time here.  It's not worth it.
Update: I filed a complaint to the BBB awhile back and the owner replied to my complaint saying that all the rules and guidelines are on the signs posted on door of the karaoke room.  Apparently the no combining bar tab and room tab rule was on the sign but I got a picture of the sign and there was no rule that states that you can't combine the bar tab to the room tab.  Also the owner addressed the complaint about the bartender making a racist comment.  He said that the bartender heard us making rude comments towards her (not true) so it is okay for her to make rude comments toward us.  My friends and I will never make those kind of comments to people and even if they made racist comments to us, we will never stoop that low.  I don't know what kind of mentality the owner of this establishment has but he needs to change it because it is not right to treat people like dirt.Finally a place that serves awesome non-sushi Japanese food! NOLA has been waiting for a place like this to open. The prices are reasonable. They open late. Awesome drink specials. And they have karaoke rooms for parties!
My husband and I come here quite often and here are our favorites. You won't be disappointed!!! 
-Pork kimchee sautee
-Kaki oysters
-Habachi squid
-Tonkotsu ramen
-Curry fries
-Baked salmon (baked scallops - not so good)
-Gindara saikyo yaki 
Get all of them! My mouth is watering just writing about it!My boyfriend and I tried this place for the first time last night.  Overall, I think it is a great place.
We had two small plates: the spicy edamame and the vegetable spring rolls.  We also got two sushi rolls: the burning woman and another one with tuna and avocado.    And to top of all that food, we also each got a bowl of ramen.  
We both ordered our ramen spicy and might go for mild next time.  The spicyness wasn't too unbearable but let's just say I'm glad I didn't go with my first instinct and get very spicy.  
Overall, this place was great and I definitely plan on going back again.I can't believe I have never been here before.
Let me preface this review by saying that I love sushi. Karaoke, not so much. I do love singing in the car, but the thought of subjecting a large crowd to that doesn't always thrill me. Little Tokyo solves that problem by offering private karaoke rooms.
The private room idea for a restaurant is an excellent one. I did feel a little dirty when the sign on the door said $20 an hour, but I assured myself this was a restaurant and not some cheap no-tell motel. The room was set with large couches, two microphones, a large TV for lyrics and all kinds of fancy electronics. There were giant books of songs listed by artist or song. Once you picked a tune, all you did was type the number on the remote and press play. Extra points for having both Frank Sinatra and Lil Wayne. My dining companions were subjected to my versions of both artist's top hits.
Sure I will never win an award for the singing, but it was amazing fun.
As for food, they offer traditional sushi fare. We started with salmon sashimi which is always my favorite. The rolls were fresh and well made. Since we were siting on couches, it felt more like we were in someones home than a restaurant.
I really enjoyed Little Tokyo. I hope to get back soon.
Note: For some reason Tanya Tucker's song What's Your Mommas Name is stuck in my head.Word of advice - avoid getting your food to-go. I recently got ramen here and found that not only did it smell a bit off, but I also managed to find some hair in there. Steer calling them to tell them about it, they offered a free order to replace it. Came in and turns out no one left a note of it. The only offer I got was to order something else. (-_-). Yes that's what exactly I'd love, more hairy food please.What kind of sushi restaurant manages to forget to pack soy sauce in an $80 order of sushi? My husband called them to see what the deal was, the manager on duty threw the Uber Eats driver under the bus, said "we can't get all our orders right," and proceeded to say she'd "let the dumb people who put our orders together know" next time. Terrible service. Absolutely no humility whatsoever in a total amateur mistake. Don't waste your time or money here. The sushi was okay.Had a great time with this funky little place tonight food was great everything was fresh. The karaoke was pretty fun too I say check out this little place if you're ever in uptownAw I like this place. Last night was my second visit to this joint not too far from my place.
Met up with a friend to celebrate the Lunar New Year (yeah, it's not just the Chinese who use the lunar calendar) and our heritage by going to a Korean restaurant, but we got a late start and we weren't going to be able to make it to the resto before they closed. So we were tryin to figure out where to grab some food and decided to stop in for some sushi at Little Tokyo on S. Carrollton.
I had been here once before on a date and the sushi was pretty good, so I was excited to try it again. This time I got the Utah Roll (my friend got the Spicy Tuna Rainbow Roll, which I think is what I had last time). Delicious. I am having a cream cheese phase and the Utah Roll hit the spot. It has shrimp tempura and cream cheese inside and snow crab, tuna, and avocado on top with eel sauce. Yummy.
There was a live band and I loved the bass player because he reminded me of our bassist in my old funk band. 
I was just glad that they were open late. We probably rolled in at about 9:30, the time the original restaurant we were going to go to closes at.
I'd like to be here for karaoke one night. But probably earlier in the night because I can't say I have too much patience for horrible drunk singers (I can be a snob)...WORST SERVICE EVER. We rented a private karaoke room and our server was incompetent. I had ordered three things myself and only one was brought out and it was incorrect and then the other things never came. Her only response was "oh I can void it". People don't go out to eat so that they can never get their food. When confronting the manager about it she was rude and only replied with I can void it and you can leave or I'll bring it out whenever it eventually gets ready. It's unfortunate but Little Tokyo is becoming a terrible place to go to and their managers and wait staff obviously don't know what they're doing. I've worked the food service industry and I'm a very understanding person but this was ridiculous.I've been to this location on numerous occasions, but I felt like my final visit there warranted a review. 
I first stopped by last week, and to my dismay, the late night hours have changed. The restaurant now closes at 1AM instead of 2AM, so my friend and I had to find another place for our late night meal. 
I was finally able to visit again tonight, which I now regret. We ordered our food and two out of five dishes came out promptly. We sat there waiting another 25+ minutes before the rest of our food came out. The server informed us that they were short staffed and only one kitchen worker was making the food. Thank goodness there was only one other table, or else we would have been waiting a lot longer.
I also witnessed another server handing a dish I ordered to someone from a table she was serving. I know it was my dish because I overheard her explaining that this wasn't what they ordered, but that they should try it anyway, and if they didn't like it she would bring them something new. I'm not sure why she didn't just go back in the kitchen and recheck the ticket for the correct table. This usually wouldn't upset me; people make mistakes, and I get that. But when you've been waiting for almost half an hour for the second half of your meal, it got a bit frustrating. 
The food has definitely changed for the worse. The sushi rice was mushy. The ramen broth was bland. The tuna tartar was flavorless. The takoyaki was missing most of the octopus. The only reason I gave a second star was because the servers were really nice. The other server came to our table and apologized for her mistake, and our server offered to take our drinks off the bill.Merh. That's the word that comes to mind when I think of Little Tokyo. I come here pretty often, maybe 2-3 times a month, but today's experience pushed me to write a review. Food is sub-par, and that's being generous. Tempura is never ever crispy, just mushy and greasy. The crunchies (for sushi) are often stale, and the crab mixture seems like 30% crabmeat and 70% mayonnaise (gag). They also don't offer white meat chicken for any dish which doesn't sit well with me. Besides the issues with the food, the place sometimes has a sewer-y smell and the air conditioner seems to be broken half the time. I'm giving two stars because the service is wonderful, I live 2 blocks away, it's not super expensive and they're one of the few places in the riverbend area that are open late. But honestly, unless you're in a pinch, I would suggest dropping an extra few bucks on Chiba or Ninja.
Note: to be fair, ramen is one of their popular dishes and I've never had it.My most recent visit was actually for the karaoke and drink specials I mentioned in my last review. They have quite the extensive list for karaoke, even songs I never would have expected.
Drink wise, things were pretty good. Several deals, including sake, pretty much something for everyone. Overall fun, even for someone like me that doesn't really care about karaoke.My boyfriend and I dine at Little Tokyo at least twice a month.  The servers are always friendly, perhaps a little awkward at times, but my boyfriend and I get a kick out of it.  Our food and drinks  are always brought to the table right away, even when it's busy.   I love the music that's always on!
Also, I especially enjoy going to the party rooms when my friends have their birthdays.   I have been to several parties here over the past three years, and my friends and I always have a great time! Great service, attentive servers, and all.  I'm surprised they put up with our excessive shouting into the karaoke microphone every year. Love this place!This place used to be the hotspot for food and karaoke when it first opened but it was very disappointing the last time I came here. 
My friends and I decided that we wanted to karaoke and eat ramen so we chose this spot because their tonkotsu ramen is usually pretty good. When we got to the restaurant, there wasn't a hostess. I had to go up to an employee to ask for a karaoke room. The employee/server said he would ask his manager. The manager said she would have a karaoke room available and that we would have to give her 10-15 minutes to get the room cleaned up. That was totally fine with us since we didn't expect a room to be available anyway. So we were directed to the room and when we walked in, the tables, floor, and part of the couch was still wet. We had to ask for it to be wiped up. I ended up taking the towel and wiping the floor myself.
The food was quick and okay which was expected. The only problem I have is that our server which was apparently identified as the manager seemed like she didn't care about providing good service or even wipe up the room after cleaning it. Mind you, I used to be a server so I'm usually very understanding of servers if they're busy but this was unacceptable. This place used to have good service and food but now I feel like they don't care about how it's being run nor do they care to provide good service to their customers.Average at best. They even try to make a margarita, which is mostly mix.
All in all they are a good cheap option, but there are better noodle options on the same street.Best place to sing karaoke.  ** bartenders should make a tip jar for the "DJ". They put up with a lot of a shit. Thank you for your good service.I love this place! Good food and fun atmosphere! I've  moved away and miss this place. The hibachi rice is so good!We walked in at 11:30pm on on a Sunday night and they said the kitchen was closed. Their sign said 1am and yelp said 2am. So that was disappointing. We drove about 20 minutes out of our way, I guess we should've called.Before I get into my negative review, I do want to share that I've had a few pretty good experiences here. The food is alright and the karaoke can be a good time, but I had one experience here that completely changed my mind on the place. 
I went with a group of 12 or so for a friend's birthday and we got a medium private karaoke room. The karaoke machine in this particular room was awful. It would take about 5 minutes just to type in the name of a song because the controller would constantly enter numbers and letters that you wouldn't even press. I brought this up to our server, (I don't remember his name but he was a strong looking guy with short hair) and in attempt to remedy the situation he offered us some free drinks off our tab, which was already getting to be fairly expensive. I agreed and let the rest of the party I was with about the deal and everyone thought it was an equitable trade. 
Come the end of our time there and a friend and I go to get the bill. It was printed with no discounts or changes of what we ordered. I asked our server who offered the deal and he said we were going to have to talk to the manager. I went up to the manager, I believe his name was Eric, and told him the situation. He practically yelled in my face "NOPE! NO DISCOUNTS!" and when I told him that his employee offered us the deal in exchange for having to use the half-working karaoke machine straight from the 1970's he said "You were all having fun in there so I don't feel bad about the machine." I mean yeah we all had a good time but that didn't change the fact of what his employee had told us earlier. 
Well I go back into the room and grab the mic to tell my whole party the situation and that we are still going to pay full price. Eric comes in a moment later while I'm speaking and says we have 10 minutes to leave or he's calling the cops. This I didn't understand at all, we had just spent $400 on a large tab and then were treated like criminals when we were paying the full price of a tab they lied about. We then paid it, and went on our way. 
If you want to go to a mediocre restaurant with karaoke machines that will give you a headache this is the place. Also, make sure you have a lawyer's number cause you might have the police called on you by the ***hole manager.I owe this to my fellow helpers: avoid this place at all cost unless you have an iron stomach and/or love impossibly loud karaoke!
Worst sushi I had anywhere (and by worst I mean inedible) and that includes such landlocked places as Budapest Hungary or Memphis Tennessee!
Add slow service, 120 decibel teenage karaoke and average prices to the mix and you got the worst sushi restaurant in new orleans. 
You have been warned!I went here for unfiltered sake and karaoke!  The karaoke machine in one of the rooms kept on shutting off on us so we moved to another room. That was irritating. Our server was weird but attentive I guess. Lol they let you buy drinks and food to cover the minimum of the room which I thought was cool.  Might as well pay for food instead of the room fee! My husband had chicken wings and sushi which he enjoyed.  They have a lot of songs to sing but finding them is difficult.  Drinks, food, and karaoke = a good time!Looking for a place to spending quality time with your friends just socializing, singing, and eating? This place would be one of the places that I would recommend. 
I love their ramen - (Tonkotsu Ramen)Whatever this place was before Little Tokyo was WAY better. Heaps and loads better. Not that this place is terrible as Little Tokyo, but the menu is much less vegetarian that it used to be. Seems more geared to the college crowd now. I tried the tempura green beans, as highly recommended via Yelp and Four Square, only to find them soggy and the sauce disgusting (yuck). The spicy edamame is the best thing on the menu in my opinion (being a vegetarian). The alcohol is a little overpriced, but a damn good selection. Wait staff is pretty attentive. Overall, a good local joint.The service here is god awful. Waited 20 minutes for a table. Once we got to the table they didn't even take our drink orders for another 25 minutes. 2 women next to us ( whom were seated after us) had already gotten their drinks to the table and their food ordered. Finally, after I got up and called someone over to our table, the girl laughed and said "oh my gosh, sorry," they took our order. The waiter was very unfriendly and seemed annoyed. It took another 25 minutes for our appetizers to get to us. The chicken tempura seemed like it wasn't cooked right. It was just questionable. 30 minutes after that we finally got our sushi rolls. Which the waiter couldn't even name out to us. My friend had to tell him which one was which. One of our rolls wasn't even cut all the way through so it fell apart when we ate it. One of my friends got so annoyed he left during the meal. After trying to talk to a manager I was told the closest thing to it was a bartender. She was extremely rude and refused to give us even a discount on our meal. My friend was given the number to a manager who didn't answer. Finally, we left.This place is simply terrible. Way too overpriced and the food here is nasty. Service is subpar and they have very loud, explicit songs playing. Me and my friend ordered 2 rolls and miso soup. Miso soup was cold and the rolls did not taste fresh whatsoever. I will NEVER be returning.Fun place to come with friends, but not if you are in serious need of good food. The karaoke room is loads of fun. Great selection of small plates and cocktails. Kind of awkward to have to read three or four different menus. The $10 bento box is a steal with plenty of food, but nothing really delicious. The dishes I've enjoyed the most are the seaweed salad, crab salad, and sweet potato fries. I had a really strange noodle dish one time with cooked fish chunks in it. Will stick to the small plates and the sushi in the future.Although it may seem minute, the kitchen is open only until midnight, which probably should be advertised more as one other group walked in past midnight just as my girlfriend and I did, so I'd say this is not apparent to all customers/locals.Okay, so the ambiance is nice. The waiters are nice. Kinda chill. We did wait on our friends for about 30 minutes but that wasn't the problem. My friend, let's name him K, asked if he could order while he also got his drinks and the waiter said "no, I can't do that." So his drinks come out, and finally he comes over to take our order. We go around the table and he comes to me, and I asked to have one of my rolls with fresh salmon and a slice of lemon on top. He replies, "well our chef doesn't really play that game." So I asked for some lemons on the side.  My boyfriend waited 20 minutes before he received a refill on his coke. So kinda not happy about their chill manner at this point. They never came up to our table to see how we were doing or if we needed refills. So this place is utterly disappointing. 
Our other friend, let's name her R, she asked for a seared tuna dish. We wait about 20-ish minutes, and R's dish is brought to her first. He then comes out and says they made two so she gets a free one. How nice! Seriously though. Anyway, our sushi eventually comes out about 15 minutes later....
Our sushi has arrived! I'm starving. I'm so happy only to realize that I ordered the wrong thing so that's my b. But the lemon slices I asked for on the side never came. The crunchy roll was completely lackluster...the mid city roll was meh. 
Overall, the experience was not what I was expecting. I was not happy with the food or the service. They can totally improve. Get your act together, Little Tokyo. Also, they split the checks up wrong. I totally understand that the service industry is hard and demanding because I've personally been there before but when this place isn't that busy I expect better. Just completely disappointed.The only thing more overwhelming than the putrid smell of soy sauce was the staff. Waited 20 minutes before getting a drink, and none of them knew how much karaoke was. We got 3 different answers from 3 people, and in the end we were charged $66 for just an hour of karaoke! Would not recommend.Depends on what you get here. 
Food is mostly average, even though it is quite pricy here.
Get the yakiudon. That is the best dish they have here and they only thing I ever get. 
Super fast service. This was my asian food joint Uptown. Nicely lit for dates.The server is awful and rude. They will ignore you while you are waiting to order food. It is really bad when you need to order takeout, seems like they couldn't care less about what you think the service. We waited over half an hour for a fried noodle...I've been here twice. The first time was alright. I had the ramen and octopus ball. For some reason I remembered this restaurant to be very good so I gave it another chance. Oh boy was I wrong. I order the curry nachos and these were absolutely disgusting. I took one bite and told the server to take it away. I also have the octopus ball and I felt like they were very very undercook. I told myself I would never come back but I decided to give it one more chance. I decided to do the karaoke. Omg. This place is filthy. The rooms were disgusting. There were coach roaches everywhere. I saw one and started screaming and the worker was like this is New Orleans....I still decided to get a room cause my friends wanted to sing. Oh boy. They have old school music. Would I go again? No. Even if it was free no. The food isn't good. And the restaurant itself is dirty.The only reason I'm not giving this place 1 star is that the food is actually pretty good. They have the best rolls and I've actually never had anything there that wasn't good. You also get your food pretty darn quick and they're open really late, which I love. So why the 2-star rating? Because everything else about this place sucks. The music is often at 92 decibels, which makes having a conversation with your friends impossible. We always complain about the volume and we have witnessed others complain also, but they stubbornly refuse to lower it in the least. 
They're the only place open late in my neighborhood so I end up eating there more than I'd like. So I went there a few nights ago. I could hear the karaoke blaring from down the block but I went in any way because there were no other choices. As soon as I opened the door, my ears were throbbing from the "music"....(some chick scream-singing.) Keep in mind I have attended more Marilyn Manson concerts than I can count and was front row each and every time, so when I complain about the music being too loud.....trust me....it's too loud! My ears were hurting so bad that I had to shove shredded napkins in my ears. The place was dead; maybe 10 people. I asked the greeter to seat me as far away from the speakers as possible. She recommended the bar. She also told me the bartender controlled the volume. I screamed my order at the bartender and complained about the volume. He said "yeah, that's just the way it is when you eat at a karaoke "bar." Make no mistake about it, this is a restaurant with a tiny bar in the back. And restaurant or bar, the music should not make your ears bleed. So of course, my order came back incorrect. He kindly offered to have it remade for me but I told him I couldn't stand to be in there any longer, so I ate it anyway. I tried to give him my card before my food got there so I could exit quickly as possible, but he insisted on waiting until I was finished. I finish my food and wait for him to come back. After several minutes I asked the lady doing paperwork next to me where the bartender was and she pointed to the stage. He was now scream-singing on stage. The lady kept trying to talk to me and each time I had to remove my earplugs. I complained to her and she agreed it was too loud but also did nothing about it. So I had to get up and try to get a waiter to take my money but he insisted I wait for the person who took my order. By the time I left, I was FUMING, and I made sure he knew it by the tip I left him. AND.....the same thing happened the last time I went there but that time it was with a waitress who sang TWO songs as I was left waiting to order my food. It's like this place is run by 5 year olds.The first time I came here, I met friends out for Karaoke, but no food.  The service was great, the music was fun and we had a great time.  The next time i came in to eat.  Things didn't go as well.  The sushi is a bit overpriced and does not deliver on quality.  Ordered the Tuna and avocado salad, and it was way too assertive and didn't look right either.  The sushi itself was ok, but nothing spectacular.  They lose points for using Krab instead of actual snow crab.
I recently went alone and thought I would give some of the small plates a try.  I ordered the gyoza, beef skewers, and hibachi rice.  The gyoza was the only thing I could eat.  The beef skewers were so tough, it felt like i was chewing forever and finally just gave up.  The hibachi rice looked like something out of the frozen food section and was way to greasy.  
The only thing I would come back for is the Karaoke.Do not come to Little Tokyo, if you are expecting to experience authentic Japanese food or restaurant. When you walk in prepared to have to talk over loud mainstream music and not kid friendly. When I walked in Outkast was blaring. The waiter was efficient, she greeted me, took order then after a while bought food out. The food is horrible here. I have worked in fast food and tell defrosted prepared food. I ordered the Onion Rings w/Spicy Dip, Tempura Green Beans, Avocado Roll, Tofu Yakitori. Their women's bathroom was disgusting filthy. if you eat here use the Subway's Bathroom next door if you have to go. I would not recommend this restaurant.First of all, this restaurant is still open as I went to eat there last night, but I was very disappointed in the food. They used to have 4+ different kinds of amazing ramen but now they have one type of soup that I wouldn't even call ramen. The sushi has declined in quality too, I currently have food poisoning from the poor quality fish I was served. I remember even last year the quality was much different maybe it was a bad day? Not sure. Definitely won't be back though.Had to go down a star. I still like the place, but last visit was a bit of a disappointment comparatively.
The waitress was extremely slow. Didn't come by often to check on people. She was nice enough, but a bit spaced.
The girly got the snow-crab salad. Snow crab is in the name and the description, but this was clearly Krab salad.The taste and texture gives that away immediately. It actually had more of the texture of pimento and cheese with tiny eggs in it.
We got the spicy edamame which was simple but tasty. 
The suba soup was very nice. Though the idea or putting tempura shrimp and green beans in it is very flawed. The point for me with tempura is it is light and crispy and toasty...what happens to them is the coating turns into sludge...Next time, I'll get the shrimp on the side because the soup was really good except that.
The baked scallops were...um...interesting. I think the idea was good, the execution wasn't so good. The scallops were those tiny and cheap ones and were covered with something similar to cream-cheese and cheddar...Very rich and slightly off-putting but not horrible.
The hot tea was great. 
So service and some flawed dishes were what lost it one star. I would still go back and try other items...just have to hope the waitress is a bit more on the ball.A birthday lunch review
I had a huge craving for Thai or Indian food today...So I packed the girly into the car and risked our lives to get us to Carrollton. We parked a couple blocks from Curry corner and made the sweaty walk up. And of course, it was closed.
So we decided to go to Basil Thai instead..so we trekked down the blocks past this Little Tokyo place and to Basil Thai...and of course they weren't open until dinner.
So Finally I think, Screw this. Let's just go back to that Tokyo place. 
I have to admit, it wasn't a first or second choice, but it was a good one.
Our waitress Dorothy (Hi fellow Yelper!) was very sweet, very solicitous and willing to answer any questions we had or help us in any way (She brought the girly some training chopsticks).
We got our drinks (Iced tea for me and beer for the girly) and she brought extra lemons without being asked. I like that.
So we ordered a rather odd selection which follows:
Tempura Green Beans(3.99)-They were wonderful with the wasabe mayo dressing.
Squid Salad (3.99)-Perfect and we got a lot more than what we thought we would for the price
Shrimp Kushi-Yaki(4.99)-Really good. Do yourself a favor and get these if you go.
Squid Kusahi Yaki(4.99)-Over cooked and oddly fishy...Still edible.
Rainbow Roll(11.50)-A little steep. Girly didn't really like it but I thought it was pretty good.  
And last but not least:
Curry nachos(4.99)-Ok..This is not necessarily a bad thing, but to me, this wasn't really restaurant food. This was coming home from a night of drinking...realizing you have the munchies and raiding your cupboard. I have corn chips...some Cheese Wiz and some curry..Ok. I'mma gonna eat this!
Girly really liked it. 
Only other things I can say is the beer was a bit steep but all in all, it was a really great birthday lunch. When I asked Dorothy for the menu we marked because I wanted to do a review, she immediately thought Yelp. Yay. We're having some influence on here afterall. :)
I would drive through crazy holiday traffic to eat here again.We went to Little Tokyo for the Kareoke room.   We read some ideas for menu items off of Yelp and felt prepared to order.   However, our friends wanted to do sushi and so we abandoned our original strategy.   We had sushi mostly with a side order of the tempura green beans and seaweed salad.   At the end to make up what we needed to cover the room charge we ordered the tempura cheese cake and green tea ice cream.   The total for five of us with 20% added for tip was $29 each.   We had a great time and will be going back.
The sushi was ok...nothing special but we ate it all.   The beer was good and cold, pitchers of Abita for $10.   The buzzer didn't work which was the only down side.   It wasn't the cleanest place, but nothing stood out as being dirty.   
If we went back we would get a smaller room with a lower minimum.Good food-good pricing . Staff could be a little more attentive. Favorite thing is the bento box! Sushi is great there too- Utah roll!We ordered three tonkatsu ramen's to go after a long day of hung-over post wedding travel. I have to say I was really really impressed with the tonkatsu ramen. It hit the creamy noodley salty spicey spot we wanted and we had enough left over to reheat for lunch the next day. OH and did I mention it was $5 a bowl?!?!!?!?! yeah. GO THERE!!My spot to go great food great drinks great company. Make my spot yours you won't regret itThis is my little sister's favorite spot. Lol. I've been here twice in the past couple of weeks because she'll be like, "can we get sushi todayyy?"
We love the Chocolate City roll with the seared tuna on top. We also love the tempura cheesecake!
One night there were people in the private karaoke rooms and we could hear the singing whenever the house music wasn't on. It was entertaining.If you're lookin' for a place to come sing your butt off... come here. Food was ok, drinks were good and cheap ($2.50 sake bombs every day?!) and staff is super friendly and accommodating. By this I mean toasting drinks with us, tolerating our insane karaoke-ing, and basically just being really chill. 
I had a super fun time doing karaoke and dancing around the bar area... and I don't even like to sing in public... and you know that it's a good time when you're doing a duet to "Born in the USA" at 1:30 in the morning.Had I known what I know now I would've skipped this place altogether and saved myself 2 days of sick time. All I had was a vegetable and spicy tuna roll, and I ended up sick as a dog. Never again!! On top of getting sick our waitress was horrible. She refilled my friend's drink, but not mine and on top of that she just up and disappeared. Another waiter closed out our ticket. This place seems like it's a spot for the college kids who don't really know what good food is or can afford it. Save yourselves the trouble and find somewhere else to eat on a budget.You have got to be flicking my nipples. What started out as a promising sushi/karaoke filled evening, quickly turned into the worst restaurant experience of my life. So the food was far from fresh which is especially alarming when it comes to raw fish. Which would have almost been excusable if it wasn't for the worlds waiter, WHO WE ONLY SAW TWICE FOR THE HOUR AND HALF VISIT. He gave us attitude and made us separate our own checks. Gratuity was already included, otherwise I wouldn't have given that career point drop out a dime.I wanted to love this place.  I wanted a good noodle place close to my house.  Unfortunately Little Tokyo is just...OK.  The food has been hit-or-miss.  Never awful, but ranging from "meh" to merely "ok".  The last time I ate there I had one of the lunch special beef bowls - it was greasy, under-seasoned, and reminded me of my own "throw leftovers in a bowl over some pasta" experiments from my college days.  It was edible, but not what I'd been led to expect from the glowing reviews.  The service has generally been slow, and the wait staff tends to vanish for long periods.  Not sure if they're understaffed or if they just allow incredibly long smoke breaks, but it's frustrating.  Not a place to go if you're in a hurry.  
The tempura pickled mushrooms have been consistently good.  I'll probably go back for more of those, and try another noodle dish or two.  I won't be taking any visiting friends here, there's better food to be had in town.I think this place have the best beef udon noodle soup!  The other alternative from pho.  I wish it wasn't so far from where I lived so that I can have it daily or weekly.  This would probably rate as 4.5 stars.  The other half star missed due to the sometime lack of attentive service and loud and rowdy atmosphere because of the karaoke. Props for opening late.Who doesn't love a nightclub moonlighting as a restaurant? 
Strobe lights, pop hits blaring in your ear, lychee martinis, delicious sush, and private karaoke rooms that don't close till 2! What more could you ask for? 
And to all the Little Tokyo haters on yelp who can't appreciate its charm--go grab your California roll somewhere else and stop raining on the parade!Every time I need a ramen fix, I go here. The ramen is awesome. I've also had a few appetizers there and have never been disappointed. I would recommend this place to anyone that is looking for authentic ramen in New Orleans.Only put one star because the food is good here. But the Bartender was extremely rude, made everyone there feel uncomfortable, forcing people to buy drinks while enjoying themselves on karaoke and making rule comments. Food is great but the bartender is pure trash! He wouldn't tell me his name but he is a Hispanic male...This place is so-so. The server's aren't that great, but the prices and food amount are alright. Our server last night was either stoned or dumb. I hate to sound mean, but it's the honest truth.First, i'll talk about the food then i'll explain the paltry 3 star rating...
I do like the food,  it reminds me of late nite dinning in little tokyo in los angeles,  a cheap little joint thats got tasty food,  and the dishes are affordable so you can order many and share.  i've only eaten her 4 or 5 times. The ramen is really good,  i like that you can add baby bok choy  or other extras to your soup,  it has a nice flavor.  The sushi isnt my favorite in town at all,  but the small plates are good. The 3 stars are for the obnoxious overly LOUD MUSIC.  Tonight we got to listen to Boy band music.  we actually asked them to lower it because we couldnt hear each other at all.  two songs later...OMG...i like totally love this song! and the music was back louder than ever.   I really can do without loud crappy music screaming out of bad speakers.
PS today we were on water boil alert in New Orleans due to potentially tainted water.and they were pretty clueless about it,  i would think the city would have contacted all the restaurants about this health alert.  when i asked about it all she would say was "they would have closed us down if there was a problem"This was the best location hands down and I'm sure to miss it. Every time I'd go I'd get great service and even better food.Would not recommend. The atmosphere of the place felt off. Kinda like a bar scene when it's a sushi restaurant. The food looked appealing. But trust me looks can be deceitful!! The udon was very plain. The spicy mayo tasted like Siracha sauce. The sushi was mediocre.This place had garbage customer service, waited for 30 min before they canceled for no reason, go somewhere else ramen is not that good anyway tastes like under cooked college .50 cent noodlesTried this place last night for the first time.  In one sentence: great food. awful singing.
In more than one sentence:  I was blown away by the unique selection of "goodies" on the menu.  Not only did they have traditional sushi, but they also had treats such as fried zucchini, fried spring rolls, mozarella sticks and more.
We got the fried zucchini and spring rolls to start.  They were so good.  I had my usual, (which, if you read my reviews, you know is the salmon sashimi, tuna roll, and philly roll).  We also got one other roll, called an uptown roll.
I was blown away at how well priced the food was.  The salmon sashimi was only $7!  At other places it is usually $10, at least.  Pretty awesome. 
With everything we ordered, the bill was $39 and we were more than full at the end of it.  
I didn't get any of it, but they have an extended menu of ramen.  I have never seen ramen outside of a college dorm (read: I'm no expert), but they have all types with beef and pork in it.  Definitely check this place out, if that's your thing.
The place also has karaoke.  Really bad (in a good way) karaoke.  To some, this is the main draw.  I would have to go back to experience this to the fullest.Oh Little Tokyo, your karaoke rooms are so RAD!  So many great memories from this small little restaurant I tell ya.  The pricing for the rooms are also very reasonable.  $25 for  the small, $35 for the medium, and $75 for the large. AND, if you spend a certain amount on food and drinks, you can get a the hours free!  The karaoke song list is offers A LOT of songs and is a very good variety.  From NSYNC and Britney Spears to Usher and Lil' Jon, my friends and I had such a grand time when we rented out the room for New Year's Eve!  They also gave out free Sake Bombs at the strike of midnight!  Our server was so sweet and really took good care of us!
This Little Tokyo offer a very extensive menu compared to other sushi restaurants.  They have a lot of small plates, so it's perfect for the karaoke rooms.  They even have mozzarella sticks!  So yes, they offer finger foods for those who might be drinking a good bit.  We ordered a number of things including curry fries, tuna and avocado salad, ramen, chicken yaki soba, beef kushi-yaki, a couple of rolls, and a few other knick knack dishes.  We also got dessert of course!  The Tempura cheesecake was pretty good, but the mochi, on the other hand, tasted old!  The food itself was pretty good and really cheap compared to other sushi restaurants!  
The combination of a private karaoke room with friends, good food, delicious lychee sake is a guaranteed memorable night with your loved ones!  There may be A LOT of bad singing, but who cares when you're having a hell of a time!  I really do recommend Little Tokyo for large parties, because I can promise you, it's quite an experience! :)They are always busy on the weekends. The wait is indefinite due to the fact that people tend to linger in order to wait for their turn on the mic. The food is decent but sometimes take forever to come out and the service is a mix of good and bad, depending on who you get as your server.Had karaoke so loud we couldn't hear ourselves,  no place for us to escape. Also probably the worst service I've ever had I live on tips and if I could have taken money out his pocket I would he owed me he was so garbageWent to this place for good food. Been there previously,  had an ok experience,  love the karaoke.  This time,  not busy, ordered appetizers and some kabobs. The waiter didn't write our order down, which isn't unusual but when he forgot one thing after another, brought out cold food and disappeared multiple times while we were waiting for water, check, food. Smelled like cigars at one point. Rude and denial of orders. Will not return, spoke to manager, who seemed to not care.I've been here twice. Once for a party in one of the karaoke rooms and most recently on Friday in the main dining room.  
The karaoke room was totally fun and I couldn't believe the selection of songs to sing from.  The food was good, but I honestly can't remember what I ordered.
On Friday, a friend and I ordered 6 small plates/salads: a fried oyster dish, a cucumber seafood salad, okra skewers (Kushi Yaki), burning man roll (spicy tuna inside/pepper tuna outside) w/o the eel sauce, baked scallops and a special shrimp gyoza.  The roll was good and I loved the okra skewers and salad.  The shrimp gyoza and the baked scallops were not that good.  The fried oysters mostly tasted like fried.
BUT, the music was cranked pretty loud so it was difficult to actually have a conversation with my friend.  I think the "lively" atmosphere was why so many families with were kids there; no one could here them cut up. So maybe that's a plus.  My ears were ringing by the time we left.
What made up for the noise?  Tasty specialty cocktails.Too many times Ive gone to Japanese resturants and no one who works there speaks or are Japanese. But this place is different. I order in Japanese, the food is authentic, and the karaoke is fun! If there is one thing you must order, it is the ramen. This is not your typical cup noodle either. This is real, big bowl with big pieces of meat and real noodle, ramen. It's the same stuff you would find in Japan. Another thing to keep in mind is that you can rent a private Karaoke room where food and drinks are also served. This is great for parties and impressing future partners with your lyrical skills. Just remember that the more you drink, the better of a singer you become. Now, the only criticsm I have is that I would like to see more variety on the food menu and more authentic Japanese Izakaya dishes.This is a GREAT place for karaoke kings and their less-willing friends to have a mutual karaoke experience! I've never just dined in, but I have rented the large room twice. Both times, we paid for an extra hour and they basically had to drag us out kicking and singing.
The large room is usually what we go with, and can fit up to 25 people. Here are the deets from their site...
LARGE ROOM 75.00 / hour
OR get the first hour free when you order $150 in food & drink (before tax), and get each additional hour free with each additional $75 in food & drink (before tax) 
SO if you take into account inviting your very best 24 friends, and you spend $300 + $60 tip (at least) in food and drink for 3 hours...that's almost $15/person. Ridiculous for the amount of sake, beer pitchers and small plates you order up. This is why we beg for the 4th hour.
I hosted my boyfriend's surprise birthday party here, and they were extremely accommodating. He had no idea what he walked into, and we blew confetti everywhere that might've tracked a little out into the main area, but they were totally cool about it. They brought us a foldout table to put gifts and purses on, that we later ended up doing sake bombs on. We cleaned up as much as possible, but it was so awesome not to have had this party at my house. 
I will say one thing. People have to "warm up" to karaoke and by the time they're belting Celine Dion, you're probably in your last hour. If you want people to warm up faster, have the shy ones sling back some Liquid Courage before you get to Little Tokyo (of course have a designated driver/karaoke master drive them to their karaoke utopia). 
Another thing, it's best to put this all on one card, and collect cash from friends before they're all loaded...or if they're looser with their wallets when they've had a few drinks, ask then ;). I guarantee a good time, if you have great, silly friends!I love little Tokyo midcity by rouses.  Don't go to the south Carrolton location they're terribleLittle Tokyo is that old friend you see when you visit your hometown. Every time you see them, they seem to be doing worse. You really hope they'll land on their feet, but this time around, they'd completely fallen off the deep end. 
We booked a small Karaoke room and got a couple of sushi rolls, calamari, potstickers, and Yakitori per our waiter's recommendation. Everything tasted sub-par. Sushi rolls full of rice and cucumbers; poorly seasoned and poorly rolled. Calamari and Yakitori was stiff and chewy. Potstickers tasted like they'd beed thawed and cooked in the microwave. Nothing tasted fresh. The decor, Karaoke equipment, and menu were as old as can be. And the service was just alright. 
The Karaoke is perhaps their only redeeming quality. Singing the night (and our hunger) away is a lot fun with a big group. If they hadn't serve food, Little Tokyo would make a mediocre Karaoke dive bar. 
Though, I heard a rumor that they just got new management with plans on revamping the place and menu. I guess I'll have to wait and see. 
Tip#1: If you want Japanese food, go elsewhere.
Tip#2: If you want to Karaoke, eat before you go.I like the dark and nicely decorated atmosphere, but the rice tasted old/dry and the rolls were expensive.  I ordered an excellent Mai Thai that was very well made, the meal's only redeeming item.  I ended up also trying the one on Vets and was equally disappointed.  Going to stick to Mikimoto's and Fuji Hana!Let's be real here. The only reason this place gets any stars is because of the karaoke. If you're coming for the food, it might get less than a 3 star review. You have to pick wisely what kind of sushi you get from here; it's usually a hit or miss, but never phenomenal. I suggest not getting any sushi with tuna in it; it's usually not fresh. The fried rice is usually good, but it's really not hard to mess that up. 
The main attraction is the karaoke. It's the only karaoke place in New Orleans that I know of or that other people speak of. There's a stage, and you search and start the songs on your own. They even give you free shots if your performance is good enough. Of course, my performance of Cater 2 U by Destiny's Child will always win a a free shot or two! I recommend just come here for shots and lots of singing!I used to live one block away from little Toke and loved having a late night sushi/karaoke place around the corner. However, I got food poisoning after one of my meals there and it was an awful experience. After that, I only returned to drink and sing karaoke with my friends, but my last and final time there my boyfriend and I found a bug in our large Sake. Yes, it was a roach. We would have never noticed, but the bottle was clear and it was pretty hard to miss a brown roach in the clear liquid. They took back the Sake and and brought us a new one, but the server didn't even seem alarmed by it or apologize for the incident. It made me feel like this was not the first time something disgusting went down at little Tokyo.... BUT I did use to love this place and had many fun nights there. However, a roach in my Sake is too much and I will never return.Super rude girl at the bar. Didn't give me all my change just expected to keep it. Then I get home and my order isn't even correct. They didn't add my soup that I paid extra to get to go. Won't ever go here again. This is my second time here and I thought after a first failed try I'd try it again. But fool me once shame on you fool me twice shame on me.Went to a party here for karaoke. Private room. Song selection was pretty great. More like New York standards. The rooms are not sound proof, however, and you can pretty much hear everything from the hallway. S'ok. Service was really amazing. You push a button and a waitress comes, takes your drunken, chaotic order, remembers everything, and pops back in to deliver it all. Food was pretty standard. Good. The set up of the room could be better. Outswinging doors perhaps? there were many times when the waitress would try to come in and there'd be a dancing girl infront of the door...an outswing door would remediate that. Just flip the hinges...perhaps the hallway is wide enough for that? Might ask an architect or firemarshall...Had lunch here today. I'm always going to Hana for sushi so I thought I'd give this place a try. 
It was really good! I started with the squid salad which was a little salty but still yummy.  I had the FEMA roll which is salmon, avocado, snow crab, and rice rolled in rice paper topped with spicy tuna. Then it's topped with the chef's sauce that's incredible. I also had the Uptown roll which was equally as good. 
The service and decor was excellent but the music was just ok. It was contemporary top 40's which I don't mind but when I'm eating Japanese, I'd like to hear the Japanese guitar in the background!  But the food was fresh and took almost no time to come to the table. Can't wait to go and try their ramen. Highly recommend that FEMA roll.The food isn't that great at Little Tokyo, but who really says "Let's go to Little Tokyo for amazing sushi and food?" Not anyone I know. We all want to go to Little Tokyo for the karaoke. It's a great venue for singing and sake, and that's about it. The booths are broken (my husband and I had to coordinate when using the bathroom so the booth wouldn't fall over when we got up) - this was a little annoying.Little Tokyo is a mixed bag. There are some plates that range from good-to-great. There are other things on the menu that are downright terrible. Having been there a good 4-5 times now, I think I have a pretty good feel for the menu. 
Hands down, the highlight of Little Tokyo is the ramen. In fact, if it weren't for the ramen, me and my fiancée would have stopped going back after our first visit. Our favorite ramen is the Tonkotsu--it's rich, sweet, salty, and a little spicy (depending on how much hot oil you add). The broth really is sublime. However, be warned, if you're salt sensitive, it might be a bit salty for your taste. 
If I were to have to pick my next favorite thing, it would be the Curry Fries. You'll notice Little Tokyo is open until 2am. These really hit the spot at the end of the night. The fries, in and of themselves, are very good. The curry that they throw on top elevates it. 
If you're in the mood for more fried food, the Fire Sticky Wings are pretty tasty. The sauce is a sweet/spicy combo and the skin comes deliciously crispy. 
The Beef Tataki is fine, if you like overcooked and dry meat. When the dish came, it was very promising. The outside had a nice glaze, with just the right amount of char. The inside was full of disappointment. It was dry and tough. 
The Tempura Shrimp is not good. The shrimp itself is fine, but the tempura batter is tasteless. Worst of all, in the two times that I have ordered it, it has come soggy and oily. Not at all appetizing. The dipping sauce adds nothing. Extrapolating from this, I would avoid any of the tempura menu items, given that it's likely they use the same batter throughout. 
Little Tokyo boasts an assortment of sushi. I've had one of the rolls and it was very mediocre. Given the high price of sushi at Little Tokyo, I haven't ventured to try anything else from the sushi bar. The word is that the N. Carrolton location has the better sushi bar. 
Overall, the only thing that really draws me back to Little Tokyo is the ramen. Everything else, from my perspective, is really a pass. Service is usually friendly and attentive.