Great service! Sit at the grill and cook your own food, it's a great experience. The garlic pork belly was delicious and was enough to feed two people, plus there is unlimited refills on the sides.Great little place with great food and awesome service. They are opening up a Korean BBQ restaurant which is smart since this one is a little small and only offer portable grills. The appetizers  that come with the dinner are unlimited, just let them know which dish and they will bring more. The spicy pork is SUPER!! Large portion with rice! Oxtail stew was very good as well, quite spicy but you don't get as much meat on this one. Enjoyed our dinner there very much!Visiting New Orleans looking for great Korean bbq and fantastic service this is the place to go.  You won't leave hungry.  Lots of parking on the side street avoid right in front because then you have to pay.  Jessica was our server and she was personable and continued to go the extra mile to make sure our service was top notch.Me and my parents went to it we really enjoyed it. It was my mom and dad first Tim going there and we will go back againPretty good of each dish. One mature man seems handling all foods well. I will give them 5 stars next time if they will have Hite beer (they were out tonight),  Menu is very simple and price is reasonable. You should definitely try this out!Two Thumbs up!  moved to new location 2 month ago. same people.. excellent food.  only korean restaurant I visit whenever I come down to NOLASo good. Cravings satisfied. 
Get the spicy pork belly and spicy bulgogi. 
Super authentic.Took a friend here for their first time to try kbbq and I was somewhat impressed! After being spoiled by ayce and it being super cheap at that, I figured I had to lower my expectations as there's only two Korean spots in the NOLA area: little korea & korea house in Metairie. I opted for going here because I saw thin sliced brisket on the menu and that is my absolute favorite. Walking in, we were greeted fairly quickly and asked if we wanted a round table or to sit at a grill. We chose the grill, what we came for and immediately were given waters and menus. Our server (who's name I forgot) gave lit the grill and quickly bought out sides of cheese corn, garlic mushroom, and egg (these surround the grill) and those began to cook. Few minutes later we got sides of banchan (Korean side dishes) of kimchi, bean sprouts, black beans, etc. We chose two meats which is minimum for the grilling: garlic pork belly and thin sliced brisket. I found it odd that by the time we got our first cut of meat, pork belly, we were basically almost done the first round of corn, mushroom, and egg. The first refill is free and any thereafter is charged. Oh yeah, banchan is unlimited by the way. Well we got our pork belly and sides of rice (each meat comes with one bowl of rice for each guest) and began grilling. I expected maybe midway into the second half of our meal to get the brisket, but it didn't come until we were completely done with the belly. I was kind of annoyed by this as I wanted to get both meats at once, but I didn't care after since I was so hungry. We had a male server help us a lot, super helpful guy but ended up having to go out and run an errand im guessing. They check back ever so often, but I like that since we knew how to grill and whatnot. They are there to help you though if it's your first experience so don't be afraid to ask. Grill can get super smoky and hot, they have this cool vent you can move up and down to help reduce smoke, but you'll still leave smelling like grilled meat. Yes, the prices are a little expensive, but the meat was great and the portions were filling for two people which consisted of two orders of meat and all the fixings. My friend enjoyed it and so did I, so I will be back for more when the kbbq cravings kick in!This is my favorite Korean spot! The food and service is top notch. My favorite is the grilled meats and the bibimbap rice bowl is phenomenal! The atmosphere is relaxed and located right off magazine be sure to get a window seat to watch the happenings while enjoying this scrumptious meal!!!!!I am so glad I finally made it to this place, and I am definitely going back again soon! The service was great, and the food was awesome!I am a big fan of K-pop (especially bts) and Korean food, even visited Korea a few times.  The food here reminds me of food from Korea.  The interior is very classy compared to most of Korean restaurants and the vibe here is really nice. I had bibim neng myun and bulgogi and soju.  It was perfect.  I felt like oppan gangnam style. The service was good.  The hostess was very welcoming and the server was very attentive.  What I loved the most was the quality, quantity, the presentation were all great.  Good portions.  The best Korean restaurant in New Orleans area.Considering this was my first time trying Korean food, I'm happy to say that I left rather satisfied.  My friends and I came here for lunch and were so excited to finally try it out after hearing such great feedback from our other friends.
We ordered the Galbi Bi Bim Bap, which is a hot pot with rice, veggies, and an egg.  Galbi is actually short ribs.  The short ribs were so good, we wish there was more, but then we also ordered the Korean Grill, which you had to choose 2 of the 3 meats.  Since we already had the short ribs, we ordered the Pork Belly and Brisket.  It came with soup and 3 sides, which including Kim Chi.  Overall everything met my expectations, except the fact that nothing was spicy enough and I did wish for a teeny bit more flavor.  Honestly, I have nothing to compare it to, so as a first-time Korean food eater, I had a very pleasant experience.
The servers were very attentive and amicable.  They even cooked the meats on the grill for us and told us what sauces to use with what and how to correctly eat the dishes.
All in all, I will definitely be back!I've been for lunch can a few times and have always enjoyed it. Fresh and flavorful. I've had the spicy pork hot pot rice bowl and the lunch bento box specials. Fast and Friendly service.I used to eat at the old location and loved it. I was really excited to finally try out the Magazine spot. My best friend and I had never done the tabletop grill before, but our server was so helpful and friendly. We got the garlic pork belly and bulgogi. We loved them both. Very tender and flavorful. We also splurged and got a carafe of orange "sojutini". It did not disappoint. I'll definitely be back soon.Service was slow, bonchons were very limited. Food also took forever when there was only about two other tables in there. Haven't been back since.I have been here multiple times when it was at its old location. Between here and Korea House, I would definitely choose here. The barbecue is okay but what I truly love is their dolsot bibimbap. Their banchan is pretty good although basic. Nola has very few Korean restaurants and I would go here if I were craving any Korean.This place is very very good. Great service | Awesome concept | reasonably priced - I would recommend this place, but you have to do the barbeque table. All the little extras are great too!I wanted to give 3.5 stars. This is in a great location, and a break from the poboy spot on every corner.  Service was a bit slow and they brought the adult meals out before the kids meals. The kids meals should always come out first. The kimchi wasn't as flavorful as some I've had at other places. My son and I ordered bulgogi while my husband got the dumplings. The bulgogi had great flavor but was a little dry. The server never brought out my green tea, and a heavily advertised pineapple drink wasn't available.  I would go back, but hope the service would be faster and the pineapple drink would be available.I'll preface by admitting that I have quite a high standard for Korean cuisine. Born and raised in Korea and NY metro area respectively (lucky me) I've had to change palate as a recent New Orleans transplant. My ratings are based on this compromised purview.
My first visit was a disappointing one, my companions agreed with me, I mean, salty side dishes, biimbap without sesame oil...! What a travesty. 
 I returned a few months ago upon a classmate's invitation, with some reservations given my first experience here. Well, I ate the food, drank some yogurt soju, and discovered that the food had improved quite a bit since my last visit. Whether alkie had anything to do with it... The tofu stew and galbi were greasier but nonetheless comparable to the same dishes I had elsewhere on the flavor scale. I would go when a terrible craving for Korean food strikes, for sure, over the other restaurant in Metairie. A little more expensive then the price range I'm used to, but worth it.Recently was back in New Orleans visiting family, and tried out Little Korea.  I'm vegetarian, and there wasn't a ton of things to choose from, but the waitress was very friendly, and directed us in what would work for us.  I had a Bun Salad with Tofu.  It was OK, not great, I'm used to the tofu and noodles still being warm, and they weren't.  My husband got a rice dish, with egg, and something else (sorry I cannot remember the name). It was good, different, had a kick. However, I think my biggest complaint was the temperature in the restaurant. It was freezing!! It was maybe high 60's/low 70's outside, and it was sooo cold inside!  I actually saw some people opt to wait outside for their food because it was so chilly.  We asked the waitress about it and she said it was something with the building owner, and kind of made it seem like we were making a big deal, but really it was uncomfortably cold in there (and the food was a little slow).  I would go back again however, and give it another try. Food seemed reasonably priced.When my date and I walked in, we both were excited but a little confused about what to expect. Neither of us had tried any Korean BBQ before, let alone Little Korea BBQ. However, our server Michelle was great at guiding us through the menu and the experience. I am a vegetarian and thought I might have a difficult time eating, but I was so wrong. I had the kimchi fried rice and loved it!! And my date got steak to grill and finished every bite. We will be back, and plan to bring a crowd!Jeeee!!! This place is so ridiculous. i had to sign up an yelp account just to write a review about this place. First of all tables are dirty, waitress is very slow (terrible service) and the PRICE is ridiculous here. I've ordered Galbi at Little Korea which was $19.99 and only 6pcs came out haha. Plus I can definitely tell quality isn't that great either. Every foods on the menu they are over-priced like twice or even triple times than any other korean restaurants and yet quality is lower and portion is smaller. I just don't want other people to get wrong impressions about Korean foods :( . I know there are only 1-2 Korean restaurants in New Orleans but that doesn't mean they can charge how much ever they want?! ITS JUST SO WRONG!!! I honestly have no idea how they get businesses here. Please Please if it's your first time trying Korean foods I'd highly recommend try other place. they make me wanna open up a korean restaurant in New Orleans :'(   I will not go back to this placeWe have been wanting to come here for a VERY long time and I couldn't be more thrilled with the experience. It was our first time doing Korean BBQ and the bartender, Arthur, and our waiter, Thomas, were the perfect balance of letting us have some fun with it, but expertly making sure we didn't ruin the DELICIOUS food. Spicy bulgolgi is my new favorite food. We will be back!I went to couple different Korea restaurants in town and this is the best one by far. Definitely will coming back.A nice addition to Claiborne Ave. 
great effort at authentic Korean. Enjoyed the sides very much and my spicy fish soup.  Prices are reasonable and very friendly service.This is my first time I had Korean food in New Orleans. The food is great. Servers are friendly and nice. The restaurant is very clean. I'm sure I will come back soon!Don't be fooled by its old facade or judge it on its former Taco Bell glory. It's clean, cute and has a very friendly staff and quick service.
They have a reasonable $8.99 lunchbox special that lets you try a lil bit of everything. It was tasty, fresh and nicely presented. Would definitely go back there for another round of yummy bulgogi!This is the real deal. They bring a variety of starters that are delish including kimchi which I had not tried before. Everything was good. I got spring rolls thinking they were what I had in the past. Not so. They were huge and delicious. The spicy pork is spicy but not overly so. About 6 out of ten on the hot scale. The sizzling rice bowl was the best!I would have given 4 1/2 stars if halfs where allowed. 
Watermelon cocktail was super good...considered a second carafe. 
We had three meats and all were delicious. The spicy chicken was indeed spicy. Nice sides. The seafood pancake was nice but not exceptional. 
Our sever did a nice job. We wish we had more room on the table. A four top with much of the table space taken up by the grill was cramped. 
Fun, different, and tasteee!I have high expectations after living in Seoul Korea for 3years. The food was good I took my wife and two kids on a Saturday afternoon.  The waitress was excellent, but the sides were not unlimited.  I did not like the Korean Mule alcohol drink(very weak).  Overall I would come back but I love Kimchi and need unlimited and all the sides are extra so  I can not give this place a 5 star rating.This isn't the best Korean food in town. But its okay. Its still traditional with all the small little plates of veggies and pickled stuff. Service is good. But food wasn't all that..Little Korea is mediocre to my tasting. The food is overly salty and expensive and during a lunch rush, there was only one server (terrible service). 
To be fair though, the portions were more than enough and they gave you endless little appetizers. 
Would I go back again? Maybe...if I'm having a really undying craving for Korean food.Had the best time at this little place. Great feel, and super cozy. Let me start by saying I have never been to a restaurant and drank the water they bring to the table. For the sake of the tap, however the water did not taste like tap it was actually drinkable thumbs up for that. The price was modest for 2 people seemed like the average you spend when your eating out for 2. 
I had my home cooked, girl you did that spicy oxtail soup. Only I did not cook, Little Korea did. And to top off the soup from heaven. The service was great and everyone wanted to refill you're drinks, so your assigned waiter was well assisted also. LKBBQ is a great place to check out.Might just be the worst Korean place in town, but it's a really short list. Very few types of Kimchi and pickles, I got 4. Service was a mess, did not receive a refill on water, it took over a half hour after I finished my meal for my bill to arrive. Less than 25 guests in the building. They are amateurs.I love this place! Their marinated korean short ribs are amazing! I can honestly say I am addicted! The rice that comes with the entree is very unique, rich in flavor, and fluffy to its finest! Other than that, the spicy squid and pork and seafood pancakes are also highly recommended! Service is not the best, but very patient and friendly. The only downside is very limited, but this place still earn 5 stars for their amazing specialized food!Came here tonight and left immediately. My husband and I came inside the restaurant and stood at the counter waiting patiently. There was a hostess working on a tablet behind the counter. We didn't want to rush her. So we stood there waiting for her to finish what she was doing. Suddenly a rude customer came in, saw us standing in line, skipped us, and acted like nothing just happen. The hostess helped that rude customer and her party first and ignored our existent! When we confronted her, she said that she was overwhelmed and didn't see us coming in. That is the stupidest lie ever. There was no crowd at the door. No one was in line behind us or in front of us. We were the only one in line, at the entrance, one foot away from the counter. How can you not see us? If you would take your eyes off the tablet for one second, then maybe you will see us. After all that, she didn't do anything to resolve the problem and left us hanging there while she seated the party that skipped us FIRST. How unprofessional! We left and found out that there is a new korean restaurant that just open recently. That place turned out to be delicious. I am now obsessed with their kalbi and kimchi!How did I not know Korean food was this good before. I've had bits and pieces of Korean food, but never a whole meal. By far my favorite discovery was Bibimbap, a mixed rice dish served with vegetables, thin sliced meats and an egg on top. You just have to try it.  The restaurant use to be a Taco Bell, and it's not in a neighborhood I would expect to find authentic Korean cuisine.  For this reason I think a lot of people, including myself, avoided it.  I want to do my part to keep it there and busy.  GO! Have a great meal and tell your friends!We shied away from this place for awhile because the Yelp rating suggested it was mediocre. But it experience was anyone but mediocre. The staff was friendly and helped out some Korean BBQ newbs learn the ropes if the ordering system and the grill.
To top it off the food was exceptional. The baked corn cheese was fantastic, the bulgogi was amazing, and the dipping sauces tasty.
The only knocks might be the slow start to the service (the staff may have not expected a late lunch rush), and the chilly interior. But these were hardly considerations in the final analysis of our party. This was our favorite meal during our New Orleans trip.Read lots of great reviews. Went with a group of friends today. Inside was nice and staff was friendly. However one of my friends food was not made like he asked and came out cold. They did remake it and it came out hot but they made it wrong a second time. I had the tofu kimchi and within 30 minutes have got food poisoning/ very upset stomach and don't feel well at all. I would not come back.I eat ALOT of Korean food. For anyone who enjoys authentic Korean food, this is not the place for you. Everything is too sweet. The Korean wings were more like teriyaki wings. The spicy pork bulgolgi didn't even taste like a Korean marinade. It tasted like sugar and soy, aka teriyaki. Everything was doused in the same sauce. Even the fried fish cake had that sweet sauce on them. The food was inedible. I should've known as soon as I ordered the soju and they only had the shitty brand that this place was fake Korean food. The banchan was ok. The black beans, bean sprouts, chayote and steamed cabbage tasted fine. The kimchi was super super bland. If you are it blindfolded, you wouldn't know it was kimchi. If you're in New Orleans and you want Korean food, just stop. It's not worth the money.I am a very frequent customer of Little Korea even when it was over at ex-Taco bell place. I am a Korean and my bosses are Koreans so whenever we have some sort of gathering for dinner, Little Korea has been our go to place... until it moved to Magazine Street and changed their menu as well as their price line. Let me use a bullet point format for Pros and Cons of this Korean eatery.
1. One thing I must say I like about the new place is that the interior and facility is so much nicer. The new location being on Magazine street should be a plus for tourists or people who live around but for the locals who has to look for parkings... yeah... the previous location had its own parking spot. But regardless, it is a huge improvement for facility and yes! now they have indoor grill table with ceiling ventilation. They got a bar area as well as a shaved ice area at the back now. Overall, they put together to make customers love the ambiance.
2. Food. The quality was pretty consistent compared to the previous place. After all, it is managed by the same owner lady so I was not surprised of its consistency. I would not say that it is the most authentic Korean food but considering that it is New Orleans, It is not a bad bet. If you would like more authentic cuisine, I would suggest you to go to Korea House in Metairie.
3. Service. Thumbs up for them to hire so many servers now! The previous place had literally one girl who was serving all the table during the busy lunch hour but now, there are plenty of servers to make the hectic lunch somewhat more pleasant to the customers because it was a disaster before with one server. Every time i go visit their joint after the move, all the servers make sure we have the sides and water refilled all the time. Also, we go there so many times that the owner gave us free shaves ice so yay!
4. Price. This is the only reason why I would not go there to spend my own money. I understand that stepping up from the previous location surely costed the owner whole a lot but it is so sad to see how their appetizers are around 10$, soups are about 14$ and meat platter... that is just outrageous. The rice bowl, if you add protein on to it, it is good 20$ per person with the tax... For those of who out there that has not tried Korean food before, it is absolutely a restaurant to visit and try some new stuff out but the problem from my honest opinion is that... Korean dishes that they serve are considered Street food in Korea which mean it meant to target average public. The priceline should be about Pho from Vietnamese joint therefore (except bbq grill one).... the price for BBQ grill per person per order is beyond outrageous and with that money, you really are better off getting a steak from Ruth Chris. This is the reason why all my co-workers stopped their visit to this place after visiting the new place and always go to Korea House in Metairie now. 
5. Menu. They cut off so many cool menus they used to have such as cold noodles and black bean noodles. These all used to be less than 10$ and I think tons of customers would love to order that during lunch because it is affordable and delicious but yeah... They cut them all off...
So yeah, I do not go there anymore but congrats to the owner for stepping up from the previous location. But I would not spend my own money to go there...yumm!
Their Spicy ox-tail and short ribs were excellent!!
I would definitely be back!It's good. I enjoyed it. Too pricey and thats compared to korean restaurants of higher caliber in NYC. Ordered both watermelon and lemonade soju, both great (lemonade is better). The "grill seating" plates are deconstructed and you have to cook the meat yourself on the neat little built in grill thats on the table. "Table plates" are made for you and come with white rice, i recommend those. I cant tell you a specific plate because I forgot the names, soju is all i remember. Small, new, clean, friendly service, good food, street parking, soju.What an experience! My girlfriend & I's first time eating in an authentic Korean restaurant & being able to cook out own food at the table. Service was on point & our server was very knowledgeable of the menu. Everything was delicious & we practically ordered half of the menu. We started with some Emo's nachos which are a must! Followed by beef dumplings, kimchi rice, & BBQ wings. For our meats we had the garlic pork belly, bulgogi, & Korean marinated short ribs. I was not depressed at all. Matter in fact quite the opposite. The little sides they bring at the beginning of the meal were all wonderful as well. The kimchi & garlic beans were my favorite. I can not wait for my next visit here!Y-U-M-M-Y!!!!  Such a cute restaurant. Very clean. It's not the all you can eat kbbq we're used to in L.A but this was  great! I actually think we ordered way too much food. We had 2 orders of brisket, garlic pork belly and some soybean paste stew. I've never tried kbbq with cheese and corn, steamed egg and the mushrooms on side. That was great though I didn't really know how to incorporate that with the meat. Definitely worth a try!I am not a big fan of yelp because I just don't like people talking like they are KNOW-IT ALL.   So I don't bother to read or write on yelp.  However, I just really wish this place to do well so here is my first one.  The ambience is so classy and elegant.  I sat at the bar while I wait for my grill tables, the bartender was so nice and very knowledgable.  My server was very accomadating and answered all my questions.  
Here is the big part.  The food was AMAZING.  I ordered seared porkbelly and LA galbi for the grill and spicy ox tail stew.   The marination was on point and I could not help but just to eat more and more.  
I saw the young owner or manager walking around overseeing everything and that showed me that these people do care about their customers.  
Hope they succeed!!My boyfriend and I came by to the restaurant last night and saw that it was crazy packed! The restaurant staff worked hard and well despite being short staffed. Servers were running their tables while the bartender were helping the them bringing out the food. We noticed the hostess was also cleaning tables for the servers. My boyfriend and I will have to say that they are a hard working crew! Our server was wonderful! He told us that the restaurant changed the menu today and recommended new dishes for us to try. We definitely recommend the KFC wings! It's Korean Fried Chicken wings and they were DELICIOUS! Our entrees came out little late but we knew it was because the restaurant was packed with people. The food was still great regardless!! Overall, had a great time and dinner was amazing!! My boyfriend noticed that the hostess was in distress after a problem with a couple. He said that the couple must've given her a hard time. The restaurant staff worked really hard for a busy night, so don't be too hard on them!I preface this with saying we did not sit at a grill table, so I can not comment on the grill your own food portion of the restaurant.  My wife and I were promptly seated upon arrival and we opted for a standard table.  It did take quite a while for someone to acknowledge us after that, even though we saw plenty of servers assisting other tables.  We were actually getting close to leaving, as we hadn't even had our drink order taken in close to 15 minutes when finally a waiter came over and just said, "Do you know what you want?"  
Of course we did, as we had had so much time to study the menu at this point.  We opted for the soy grilled chicken, a bibimbap with spicy pork, and a side of the cheese corn.  The chicken came with the little small accoutrements.  We have previously eaten at the Korean House in Metairie, and we found the ones there to be a lot better.  We didn't care for some of the ones served at Little Korea.  
The chicken itself was really good!  It had excellent flavor.  The bibimbap was something we'd always wanted to try, so we were excited to finally do so.  We were a bit disappointed, unfortunately, as we found it to be on the bland side.  The corn cheese was good and they give you a huge portion, most of which we took home.  The server did improve a bit as the meal went on, but still didn't quite reach the level of service you'd hope to receive.  All in all, a mixed visit, but I would go back to try something else.  Keep in mind, the cook it yourself option seems very popular, and there were a good number of people waiting by the time we left.  Those dishes are also a lot more expensive.I was very excited to find that there are two Korean restaurants in the NOLA area. Upon reading reviews and figuring out where to dine first (Little Korea or Korea House), I chose Little Korea, although I knew the food would be mediocre, for the great reviews regarding service. WRONG. Korea House, however, has reviews saying the food is authentic but the management is horrible. 
The quaint korean restaurant is situated on S. Claiborne in the ghost of a former Taco Bell building. When entering, I was confused as to whether or not to seat myself and it took several minutes for a waitress to tell me to sit anywhere I like. The restaurant has one TV playing kpop with cherry blossom stickers adhered to the brown walls. The tables are in bad condition. 
I find it odd that you need to have a minimum of two orders to grill the meat at your table. My boyfriend and I ordered one SamGyupSal (pork belly) to share between the two of us. Most korean restaurants serve the meat in large portions, so I figured it'd be enough for us. It wasn't! The size is enough for one individual, but it cost 17.99!!! (All the menu items are pretty pricey, btw.) The meat wasn't tasty and was cooked very dry. It comes with four banchan (sides) including kimchee and a bowl of rice. The banchan were all bland besides the kimchee, which had some flavor, but still wasn't good. The side dishes vary from day to day, so you can't request for anything. Bummer because I was craving bean sprouts. Our drinks were served in dirty glasses. 
There were only two people taking care of the entire establishment. Both seemed to have no idea what they were doing. Our waitress was very pushy and rude. She kept adding menu items to our order, and I had to repeatedly refuse the extra dishes. In addition, she was speaking on the phone while trying to help us! The service was very slow, and it took us forever to get our check. When the restaurant got busy and our party and another family were both waiting to be rung up, the cashier just leaves for a restroom break. When we finally receive it, he rung us up wrong.We took the tram from the French Quarter to enjoy some Korean BBQ and were very happy we did. The decor is simple but elegant, and I liked the look of the place. The staff was very nice and accommodating as well.
Yuzu Lemonade: This drink is a must have. Delish! 
Suju: Smooth and a good starter shot.
Spicy Fish Cakes: OMG. Super yummy. The texture of these are unlike anything I've had before. They are spongy, but in the most enjoyable way. My mouth was happy eating them.
Bulgogi/Spicy Bulgogi: These meats were very well seasoned and were very tasty on their own.
Garlic Pork Belly: My favorite. A great flavor and grilled up nicely as well.Ended up on Claiborne looking for dinner yesterday and saw that the sign had changed from "Coming Soon" to "Open", so decided to give it a try. It has a really nice, very new-looking interior while the outside still has a bit of the old Taco Bell/Orleans Seafood styling. 
On to the food though, I ordered take-out and it was very quick, 10 minutes max. before I was out the door. I ordered the Bulgogi Beef, a barbecued Korean speciality, and it came with rice and three side items (I chose bean sprouts, kim chi, and potato salad).  I was a little surprised that potato salad was an option, but after looking around google, it turns out potato salad is very popular in Korea, so it all makes sense now. The takeout box was so stuffed that it felt like it was starting to bend as I was carrying it. This was probably about two meals worth of food!
The bulgogi was great, as good as any of the Korean places I've been to in NYC or Houston, or the old Genghis Khan on Tulane Ave. back in the day. The meat was extremely fresh and cooked well, and the bean sprouts helped me feel like I was being super-healthy. The kim chi was also good, though it could've had just a bit more of a kick to it. The potato salad was a pleasant surprise, as it was different than the local variety, one difference being that this potato salad had small carrot pieces. 
All in all, Little Korea provided some great food and I'm glad that there's another great new dining option Uptown. 
Also, I've overheard people saying they were excited about the restaurant but a little weary (understatement) about the location. In response to that, I'll say that I don't think I'm any more hardcore than the average Yelp-user, and I felt 100% safe.Great Korean food! Seem to be out of alcohol most times I show up, which is annoying sometimes, but the food always makes up for it. Having lived in Korea, this is a great option for Korean food in the area. Much better than the Korea house out in Metairie in my personal opinion.Prices are outrageous! We love Korean BBQ! Just got back from Houston and was still craving our fix so we decided to check out their new location. Food was ok. Prices are ridiculously high. It's way too expensive for the portions! 30 bucks for 4 little pieces of short ribs? For all the money we spent we could've gotten so much for food from Korea house. We also ordered pork belly which took a whole hour to come out. The server didn't even mention what else we had coming and was pretty awkward. Honestly Don't think we would come back.I've been here a few times, but had a delicious experience last night.
We only ordered the spicy tofu soup and the spicy oxtail stew. Both were soooo good! The oxtail is a bit sweet, but the meat falls off the bone! Order it!
I've had the bulgogi (thinly sliced, marinated beef) and galbi (short ribs) as well. Can't complain. It's so tender and has such good flavor. Makes my mouth water thinking about it!
Service is fast and the servers are attentive!Best thing I have eaten in New Orleans. The rice cakes and KFC was E-VE-RY THING. The service is great, establishment is clean and the neighborhood is cute, eerie but cute. Also had the bulgogi, spicy bulgogi and gochujang pork belly, awesome.Finally New Orleans is getting some diversity. I drove by this restaraunt a few months ago and just made it there for dinner this evening. I must say that everything I had was great, the staff and service was attentive and friendly. I will definitly become a regular.Amazingly good Korean food. Everything we ate was crazy good! Bulgogi, bibim bop and side dishes were stupendous! Definitely recommend! We will go back soon!!!!Although the outside of this restaurant looks like a converted and confused taco bell, once inside you are greeted with a friendly, smiling staff and calming, clean decor that is inviting and soothing. I ordered the pork and squid which was so tender and well seasoned it practically melted in my mouth. I can't wait to return to try every item they have to offer on the menu!The interior is pretty nice and clean. This spot is definitely more an Americanized/fusion Korean restaurant. Very catered to those who haven't tried Korean food. The staff is nice and helpful, explaining everything you need to know. If you're looking for something very traditional, try somewhere else.
We got the spicy bbq chicken, kimchi pancakes, and sunduboo soup. The chicken was surprisingly good and spicy but flavor was just right. The pancakes were pretty good too; fluffy but I wish they had soy sauce instead of a vinaigrette sauce. The soup was decent, spicy. Side dishes were alright. Overall, the experience was decent. Nothing over the top, but good.We went here today. We ordered bulgogi and spicy chicken. It was delicious. The sides were kimchi, greens, tofu and bean sprouts. Everything was flavorful. The spicy chicken was spicy, just how I like it. And the staff was pleasant. Will definitely come backBest meal ever.  My first time here.  You have to practice eating this food.  OMG, it's so damn good.I spotted this place close to our apartment the last time I was in New Orleans and I knew I had to check it out as I love Korean BBQ. The drink menu was A1. I went with a Pim's cup and the bartender got it completely right. After deciding what I wanted, we cooked it at the table over great conversation. The chicken is seasoned to perfection. Sure, the Korean BBQ is the main attraction here but the Ramen was the star here. It was flavorful as me and a friend shared a bowl of it and man the broth alone is great enough that I wanted to take it home after the noodles were gone! This was one of my fav spots on my last visit. Good Korean BBQ isn't just dinning but it's an experience.We had the Korea Grill and did not care for the meat. The Pork had so much fat that it should have been described as bacon. I especially did not like that a 20% gratuity was included in the bill (for a party of two).Food was good. Service was terrible. I definitely enjoyed the food but it was expensive, the seats were very uncomfortable and the staff couldn't be bothered.Good food!! Spicy squid and pork souls say very spicy!!! Must try the egg rolls and eat the lettuce with sauce together!! Trust me!! Other that that good experience for first time for Korean. Will return!!!I love this place! My Grandma was from Korea and I grew up eating Korean food all my life. Before now I had to trek to Metairie but this place is a so much closer!Ate here in June 2016...
Food was just okay...maybe because it was SO HOT here that it was unenjoyable. The smoke from the grill would fly into your face and you leave smelling like.....
Our group ordered a variety of 5 meats. Some meats had no seasoning on it at all. I was confused because there also was no "side sauce." It was plain meat, on a grill. There was one pork belly that was very good. Everything else was non-memorable. 
What was extremely good was the free desert they gave at the end! It was a shaved ice, to make up for the fact that their a/c wasn't strong enough. Seriously though, walking out the restaurant was a little more pleasant, because you didn't have the hot smoke and moist heat that sits all around you while you eat.The food was great! Except for the fact that the portions were small and you are paying overpriced meat that you can just go somewhere else and get a bigger portion. This restaurant is the opposite of a bang for your buck. You can pay 16$ for 4 peices of spicy pork belly. Sure that's 4$ a piece but that will not fill you up for 16$. I would rather just go to an all you can eat sushi place where I can pay 28$ per person and eat all the sushi I want.I recently tried this place for the first time and I loved it. We sat at the table with the grill and made our own food. The food was great and the service was good considering we came pretty close to closing time due to getting off of work late. 
The waitress was fried and helpful. As we finished one dish she brings out the best for us to start putting on the grill.We came here and immediately an unwelcoming welcome from the host. Our server Andrew on the other hand is very attentive and nice. Helped us and made sure we needed everything. When we left, the host who unprofessionally greeted us was in the bar area facing toward the cashier(?) and yelled out bluntly "thanks, have a nice day" Next time learn to greet a person with a smile and be more attentive when a customer leaves. unprofessional..This is one of the only Korean places in New Orleans, and the food is solid. I've been here several times and have never left unhappy.I dont know about bbq but tofu soup tastes really thick and werid. Other dishes not authentic either.This place was really good. I do not like metal chopsticks but they get you wooden ones if you buy any noodle bowl. 
The food was super, I wish there was a little more meat in the my noodle bowl but what they did give us was really tasty and cooked right. It is right on target for its price point, they do not have fountain drinks so if you are a guy who gets 2-3 refills of whatever he drinks per meal like myself, stick to water. 
The location is super convenient, and has lots of parking! Great place! Definitely would recommend.This place used to be my boyfriend and I favorite Korean restaurant, but now it is our worst! Their side dishes are so little, and they give 3 or 6 depending on how much you've order. With that being said, I still did not care much about that and continue to give them my business only for their amazing and addicting Galbi. Then one day they've decided to change the meat in the Galbi dish. It wasn't Korean short ribs, it was steak. Flavor is still the same but texture is way off. It just didn't taste the same. My boyfriend and I stopped going here for awhile after that. When we finally did came back for another try, the Galbi dish is still made of steak, but with a more higher price and a reduction in portion. $19.99 for 6 pieces of galbi when it is not even galbi? No, thank you. Now I never come back and they have lost my business forever. I would rather wait and save my money for Tofu Village in Houston. At least their side dishes are more and did I mention HUGE?I never went to the old location so all I can review on is new location.  This is my second time coming here and I really enjoy it!  We got all the little sides and refills for free.  I had the spicy tofu soup and felt it needed to be more spicy.  But then again...i eat lots of spice.  I also ordered from the lunch menu and had the spicy chicken with rice.  It was spicy, but my level of spice is higher than most.  So to me, i would rate the spice as 7/10.  
My friend went with me and she tried the chicken Bim Bap.  It was her first time here and our server was awesome.  She helped my friend out with the menu.   The price is a bit higher than what I am use to paying for in Houston or Dallas, but remember that this location is on Magazine and gears mostly towards tourists.  I definitely would be back to get my korean fix!Very happy that I found a spot with Jajang Myun, my favorite dish that my Korean grandmother used to make me.  The kimchi dumplings and the kimchi were really good too.  I'll be back soon to try the bulgogi and jap chae.I love this place! I live in the neighborhood and was thrilled to see a pho place pop up close to home. Although I always come for the steak pho, the short ribs, rice bowls, and table side grilling (for 2 or more) are all fantastic. Great flavor and large portions for a relatively cheap price. Service is wonderful and efficient- one of the waitresses remembers my order! I have also shared a meal (and cookies) with one owners' daughters. I appreciate that the restaurant is family owned and operated. Although the outside doesn't look like much, the inside of the restaurant is actually very nice.Little Korea is the best Korean restaurant in New Orleans, hands down.
OK, so maybe that isn't saying much since there are really only two Korean restaurants in the New Orleans area that I'm aware of (and the less said about the mediocre and grimy Korea House in Fat City, the better). Still, Little Korea has become one of my favorite places to eat. There's no cold or sniffles that a big, steaming bowl of their perfectly seasoned spicy tofu soup can't cure, and no damp rainy day that one of their generous and sizzling hot rice bowls can't make better.
As hearty as the entrees are, the appetizers are worth budgeting your appetite for as well. Their housemade kimchee is some of the best I've ever had, and the delicately fried kimchee dumplings are pretty wonderful too.
Knocking off a star because of the limited and occasional stingily portioned banchan (= free appetizer selection, though most of the time they're happy to provide more if you ask nicely), and the service, while friendly and earnest, can tend to be disorganized and a little messy - on a recent visit on a not terribly crowded weekday evening, every single table in the place was piled with half empty dishes from previous diners. Also, prices are maybe a notch or two higher than they should be.Good and friendly service. Food was amazing. The spicy oxtail stew was the best thing we had. The meat fell right off the bone.We did the grill, and I am quite disappointed. I didn't like how you can only pick one meat (ONE POUND each) and it only comes with ONE SMALL bowl of rice. All the meat choices were all over $20. I think it would be nice to have an option of several different meats in smaller portions. 
Our waitress wasn't very knowledgeable about how to cook the meats because we listened to her directions and our meats came out over cooked & really chewy. Note that we've only eaten Korean BBQ once before and our friends (who were with us) had never tried it before, so we don't know much either. 
This restaurant is really nice overall, but the BBQ table was a little tight with the amount of food brought out plus sitting with strangers. And the food was OK. 
I probably won't be back.The food was just ehh. I ordered the tofu soup, beef bulgogi, and the spicy Korean rice cake. 
My tofu soup had no flavor. It just tasted like broth with flavorless spicy powder. I even threw in the Kim chi but since the Kim chi also had no flavor either..it didn't really help. The weirdest part of the soup was that my raw egg never cooked. It was just sitting there because my soup was not hot enough to cook it. So that was quite a turnoff.
The bulgogi was also kind of strange. It had noodles in there and slices of bell peppers and onions. More like a stir fry to me. (Good thing I like noodles.)
The rice cake was okay.  Nothing too special. Did not care for majority of the  side items though. The crunchy (turnip or daikon) and fishcake was the only ones I liked.
I was left with Korean food cravings after though. I think I'll stick to cooking Korean at home or go to Korea house.
I really like the ambiance here though. Maybe I'll try eating here again if they change some of the recipes. I wish they had more Korean food places down here like in Los Angeles.One of the worst Korean restaurants I have ever eaten.  They even don't know why their soup is so ridiculously spicy. Doesn't  the chief control the quality of the meal? I really doubt they use pre made soup.Friendly, patient, and efficient staff. Delicious food, seasoned and cooked to perfection, served in right amounts. Been here 5 times so far. This has become one more of my favourite spots. See you soonI have to say this is one of my favorite Korean BBQ in the area.  The food is amazing.  Recommend the Bibimbap with the meal. Two meats and the rice bowl are enough for 4 people.  Our waitress Bella was friendly and offered great service. The only issue I would say is the manager seemed persistent for us to order our food while we waited for our 4th guest. Overall I would come back again. Just waiting for the shaved ice for dessert!  Yummy!!3/5 could be better, but it is what it is.
i came here last week for my birthday, since getting some long noodles = long life (don't laugh at the tradition!). i didn't really know where to go for actual good noodles that weren't just chow mein or the like, so i decided i'd try this spot. the team is pretty friendly, and there were a good number of asian patrons (which may or may not be some measure of it's "authenticity/quality), just adding that in.
i'm used to some really really really good korean food in california, so not gonna lie i felt kinda let down. the 3 banchan you get kinda feel like a pity party on my table, usually you get so many more! the food isn't bad though, in terms of flavor. the spiciness is spot on where it should be, and on the night i went they actually also had jia jiang mian (black bean noodles) which satisfied my hunt for a long noodle component for the day. it was a big order and became lunch and dinner the next day as well. pretty good and filling. i ordered the galbi dol sot bibimbap for my actual meal, and it was pretty flavorful, but lacking in a few ways. first the stone pot actually wasn't hot enough so none of the rice crisped up, and second the hot sauce i got wasn't quite turnt up enough, it was more mildish ketchupy than soul-searing as it should have been.
overall, i'll be back (for lack of other options), but i am still looking for legit korean in town.Food was okay, not the best Korean food that I have had. Place is kind of cluttered and unkept looking. Waiter was nice enough. Don't think that I will be back though.I loved this place. Had a talk with the girl who works there and she was pleasant and I find out she is from the same area Im from! The food presentation is delicious! Over Im a Korean food lover! Will be back when Im in Metaire, LA again! Ps. Love that brown and pink tree mural art! Inspired me to become a mural artist.We went here for my friend's going away dinner, and when they told me the place was in an old Taco Bell I started laughing and almost objected.  Then I ate the food.  We ordered the beef short ribs, the pork, and teriyaki chicken, and all were delicious.  This place will definitely be overlooked by many, but don't pass up the opportunity if it arises.
Update: second visit was just as good. Upgraded to five stars because I'm over the "old taco bell" thing.Not as good as Korean House, Far more expensive. The gas grill is all jacked up. 
Tables are small. Wife wanted just a small soup with the meal and it was a large bowl for $12. Spices and extras were just ok. We did like that Little Korea was open all day , Korean House is not . Korean House uses real coals for their Bbq grill. We were not satisfied.We gave it another try and this time I didn't get sick. The food was good, and I enjoyed it. However this time the service was very bad and slow. We waited a long time and it was not very busy. I will consider coming back for takeout but it wasn't good enough to come back for dining in.Fatty greasy wonderful!  Short ribs, spicy pork and squid...excellent.Hidden little gem of a place in New Orleans! Ban Chan is outstanding! Eating that along you can't go wrong with this place!We had a great experience at LKBBQ from the moment we walked in! The hostess was very friendly and seated us promptly. Our waiter, Sam, was very helpful and attentive. We split 1 order (1/2 lb) of the spicy bulgogi along with a dolsot bibimbap + chicken between two of us. Loved the small plates of different veggies that they brought out before the meal. The beef was high quality and had a delicious flavor on its own and dipping it in the different sauces was fun too. That crispy rice from the dolsat bibimbap is what I was most looking forward to and it hit the spot! Something about that perfect combination of chewy and crunchy is mouthwatering. The only suggestion I would make is that they add an option to the menu where you can try multiple different meats, like a sampler plate, for a flat price rather than have to order multiple meat entrees to grill. Overall, we had a very fun and unique experience here and will definitely be back soon for some dolsot bibimbap and to try their other grill items!I have to say that I'm wildly disappointed in this new location. I really hoped it would be better, considering the old location's atmosphere was pretty much non-existent. 
I will say that they've cleaned up and completely re-branded the restaurant, but unfortunately, the good food and service was not there to stay. I went with a friend when it wasn't busy at all. There was one other customer sitting at the bar, and I gave it the benefit of the doubt because it was Thursday at 3pm on Magazine, so the absence of people weren't all that surprising, right? 
It took about 10-15mins for us to even be seated. There was not one server in sight, and there was a kitchen staff sitting in the corner, eating lunch. Suffice to say, it was awkward and unpleasant just standing there, staring at a sign that said "wait to be seated." So, we waited. And waited. The only thing that kept me going was the thought of how great the short rib bibimbap was gonna taste.
When we finally got seated, we commended the new digs and the new look of the menu, but honestly, it was still overpriced and if anything, they might have increased their prices. The banchan was good, tasted like it did in the old location. It wasn't anything special, but it kept the hunger at bay. 
When the food came, I was excited! There was no way they could mess up the Korean short ribs! Wrong! I don't know what happened, but they used a different kind of meat than before, and it was sliced way thinner, too. I was so terribly disappointed. And to add insult to injury, service was terrible as well. We had to ask for more water, and as someone who has worked as a server, that is a giant mistake, especially when you have no other tables and the restaurant is empty. We waited forever for the check, and then we waited forever for the server to come pick up our payment. I had to walk to the server area to hand it to him. What was he doing? Just sitting down and chatting. 
Honestly, I probably would've come here a second time to give it another chance, but the service and lacking food combined? It's enough to make me stay away for good.I love Korean food and this fits the bill. It took me ages to get here, I'm sorry I waited so long.  The meal is delicious.   Spicy squid  is a winner.   Flavors are great.  I will be back.Went here for the first time with a friend and we had a great experience. Great food, great drinks, friendly staff. I'm not sure what the bad reviews are about. I spent 5 years living in a city with a lot of Asian food and my best friend is Korean and this all tastes spot on to me. Prices were pretty good for being right on magazine and on par with other restaurants I've eaten at that are similar. I really like the set up of the dining room also. I'll be back for sure.This was our first foray into Korean food.  Little Korea really delivered with excellent food, attentive service, and a novel dining experience that had my kids licking their plates! We had a large party and ordered various items-- including the vegetarian bibimbap, the spicy pork (very spicy, but good!),  the teriyaki chicken (the kids loved it!) and the Korean grill (short ribs and bulgogi).  The food was served with the requisite pickled accompaniments-- kimchi, spicy cucumber, and sesame spouts-- as well as rice. Some of the dishes even came with miso soup. 
Everything we ate was fantastic and truly enjoyed our first  dining experience with Korean cuisine. Our kids are already asking when we'll be back!  Needless to say, we'll definitely be coming back soon!Pleasantly surprised by this little joint.  Friendly, helpful waiters and yummier than expected.  A little gem in this hood.First impressions are everything. Most of the time. 
I asked people in my social networks if they've tried this place yet, but Little Korea was pretty new (the server said they just opened a few days ago. the owners are Korean, just FYI). I've also never eaten at a Korean restaurant in Louisiana. Ever. So please don't ask me to compare it to Korea House or The Wandering Buddha...
Atmosphere
The music playing is Korean music, naturally. Big windows and cool lighting fixtures make this little place hip, comfortable, and casual. I think it's a good size; you don't feel too out in the open or too close to the next table. Brown and pink is definitely not a color palette I'm used to for a restaurant; it reminds me of a bakery (Sprinkle to be exact). 
Food
We ordered korean ribs and dumplings, and some other food... I really can't remember because my friends ordered the food before I got there. However, overall, the ribs were great, but I loved the dumplings! They weren't steamed, though, but I still liked the crunchiness and flavor. The Korean ribs weren't too chewy or hard, so eating it didn't stress me out (lol). I wasn't too fond of the side dishes (each person got a plate of 3 things), but what can I say... I never really liked kimchi to begin with -- I know! it's blasphemy, but I've tried so many times to like kimchi :[ and thumbs up for the rice for not being too sticky ^_^
Service
There are a few things they missed here and there, but it's not a big deal. They were still attentive and accommodating. The bus boy refilled my water only once though :( 
Why 4 stars
Overall, I liked everything, but it has so much potential to become well-established. I look forward to dining here again. 
On another note, I feel perfectly safe dining here, but maybe that's because I was here in broad daylight where vampires can't get to me (unless it's the Cullens, then we'd really have a problem).I was hoping this place would have affordable lunch options, I ended up spending just under $10 from the lunch menu. I guess the drive through window threw me off. I read the lunch menu and ordered one of the few items that didn't say "fried". It ended up being fried as well. Fried strips of chicken and a ball of white rice. There were two different sauces and some pickled type vegetables in a sauce container. I doubt I'll go back. If I'm going to spend $10 on lunch I prefer to have leftovers, but this meal was just enough for one. It also wasn't the quick stop I was looking for since it took quite some time to get my dish. Just not what I expected.I give it a 2 star just because the soju went down good. Whenever I go on business trips I try the yuk hwe jang. I have to say it tasted like the packet soups you buy at the supermarket. And also how are you going to give 3 side dishes per person. Korean restaurants are known for their banchan. And the $14.00 price is crazy high.  I guess when their is only 2 Korean restaurants in that area you can charge whatever you feel like. Please offer a variety of side dishes. That is the ultimate Korean restaurant experience for non koreans. Thank you! Service was good. 4 stars.Oohhhhh Yes! 
The food and the service was absolutely amazing.
To be honest, I didn't want to try this place out because of the location and it looked like a fast food joint but I decided to try since I love Korean food.
I am so glad that I tried this place out.  My table ordered a seafood pancake, spicy pork, and short ribs.  Everything was DELICIOUS.  
Oh Oh! We also ordered soju. The spicyness of the food plus the cold korean sake soju tasted so good together! 
Anyway, I don't like writing long reviews but this restaurant deserve it.For a Korean restaurant in New Orleans, I would definitely recommend friends to eat here, and I myself go back here for lunch. I had the spicy squid and pork lunchbox, and it was definitely spicy, really up to standards. The side dishes were interesting and tasty. Great service, and love the K-pop music in the background. 
My friend and I plan to come back here again during our lunch break.Excellent food and service. The owner is super friendly as is the staff. But the food is the best part! Tastes homemade and I love it.  When you get tired of creole or Cajun or typical New Orleans fare, Little Korea is a great place to change it up and freshen the palate.Loved this place! Thought the meat servings could have been larger for the money paid. But the experience and the flavors were great. Loved the kimchi pancake and the Korean sides dishes were delicious. Especially the garlic stems and the kimchi.This was really good Korean food.  Nothing about the interior felt authentic (yes I lived in Korea for a year) but the food was good.  The selection of little dishes was nice and the portions where large.  There are many other Korean options in New Orleans that have better food and more authentic atmosphere.  I will stick with those but I was glad I came here to try it out.  If it was closer I would eat there more often.My first time here was amazing!!!  Staff was quick,helpful, and friendly. Everything was absolutely delicious! We ordered all three dish from the grilling part of the menu. It was a lot for two people! It's a great place for group of friends to share big portion! Definitely worth it!&&highly recommend this establishment for Korean food!Was looking for Korean place in new Orleans mid city area. Stumbled on this place. It was hard to find a parking spot. It's in busy area with high foot and vehicle traffic. Don't go if you're in a rush. We had jap chae & bi bam bap, chicken & beef. The noodles were super greasy. It was tasty but you can see how oily it was. And portion was super small but it did look like a more high end restaurant. The clay pot rice was super mushy and not crispy at the bottom. I like the other location. I wonder if they are affiliated. The other one was in a taco bell building and off Claiborne I think. That place was way better. This place is very well kept and looks really fancy. But food was ok. Don't think I will return here.Saw this place a couple times when driving on Claiborne. The first time, a friend in the car said, "Hey! That's a Korean spot!" I said that's impossible, but looked and saw that there was a sign that said "Little Korea." On the sign, it said that they also serve pho, so I assumed that the place was Vietnamese owned.
I taught my Korean lesson this Monday and when the family I teach asked me about places to eat, I was reminded of this place on Claiborne. I said I would try it and let them know. So I drove straight to Little Korea, parked my car, and walked into the place. There were quite a few cars parked in the lot for a Monday night.
It was a little after 8 p.m. when I walked in. I was told that they were closed at 8 but that if I want to get something for takeout I can. I was starving and I was already there, so I decided to get something to go. I ordered a ttuk mandu guk and waited for my food. I started talking to the servers and found out that the owners are Korean. And the girls who were helping me with my order were actually daughters of the owners who came to New Orleans just to help out with the restaurant. I'm definitely not one to vigorously seek out other Koreans when I move to different places, but it was nice to run into other Korean women who are my age.
I expected a container of soup but they sent me away with a bunch of stuff. I got home and found out that with my soup came steamed rice, jap chae (glass noodles), kimchi, and bean sprouts. All this food ended up being four smaller meals.
I can't speak for the rest of the menu yet, but the soup was good and the service was great. I am excited that I don't have to drive out to Metairie to grab some Kr food.If you want an authentic and unique meal, this is the place to go. The aesthetic of the place is great - casual with a modern/upscale feel. Our server was great at explaining everything without making us feel silly. Basically, we never had to ask, he just told us what to expect and what to do. The food was delicious and you don't feel disgusting after because it's relatively healthy. It will coast a bit more than your average meal, but this isn't an average meal,so it's worth it.The spicy beef and vegetable soup was amazing. My friend had the bulgogi bibimbap and it was delicious. It was served in a stone bowl and the exges toasted up really nice just like it should. We had just stopped in new orleans during a roadtrip and I couldnt pass up an opportunity to tate some korean food since i love it. It was a very good surprise. The banchan provided was 5 different little dishes and all 5 were very good and tasty. The fish cakes and garlic stems were particularly good. We didnt try any of the bbq so cant say anything about that. I recommend this place and will be visiting again if we stop by New Orleans.This was our first time eating Korean food. Everything was delicious. We will be back again. if you can't handle spicy food don't bother.This place does NOT have an all you can eat option, as opposed to other KBBQ joints in Cali, ATL or other cities. The service was a bit slow, but friendly nevertheless. I wasn't impressed with the quality of the meats (I had garlic pork belly and marinated meat).So happy this place exists. I will still drive to Lafayette to get some of my mom's leftover korean food but this is the next best thing! Try everything! Bring a big group of people and do family style. It's worth it!I was told Little Korea has the best Korean food in the area. Little Korea has a very simple vibe with a college student atmosphere. We ate at this cute wooden corner table with a reasonable view of S. Claiborne. For appetizers we started with fried kimchi dumplings which were golden fried to a perfect crisp and little grease. I ordered my first bibimbap here and the experience was pleasing. Bibimbap is apparently a labor intensive dish with a large amount of prep work, so I appreciated the deep diverse flavors of my order. The prices here are much steeper than what you would find in a heavily populated Korean area; that being said, the prices are comparable to other Korean restaurants in New Orleans and I rate this location number one in my book for New Orleans.I am pretty picky about my Korean food, but I thought this was pretty good, especially given there isnt much Korean food in the area. Its definitely more oriented at western tastes because the meat is more on the oily side, but the side dishes and overall flavors are Korean. Get the volcano style kimchi fried rice and the la galbi short ribs, and come with a group!If you want delicious food and great service, Little Korea BBQ is a must-try for all of my foodies out there! I have tasted a majority of the items on their menu and I am not exaggerating when I say that I loved every single dish. Some of my top picks are the Crunchy Glass Noodle Roll, Soon Doo Boo Jigae, LA Galbi, and the Smoked Salmon Bibimbap.  The menu has changed a good bit but it definitely allows customers to enjoy more items on the menu for a lower price. Although I wish the Bingsu machine was working, there isn't much I can complain about Little Korea BBQ. I've loved every single experience there and I will definitely be back soon!Came here again last night with bf's fam for a family dinner. The hostess wasn't as friendly and seemed annoyed to say the least? Idk what her prob was but our server Jessica was AMAZING. Such a beautiful and bright personality. She def did her best to wait on us and didn't show any frustration. Definitely get her as your server when you go there! They also were very accommodating to us as we were still grilling and eating after their closing time.Don't let the old Taco Bell exterior fool you--this place is great! Went for Friday lunch with a coworker. Food was delicious, service was prompt and very friendly/helpful! Prices were a little high compared to other places but I had enough bibimbop leftover for dinner tonight too--so worth it!Visited here from Seattle. Seattle has a bustling Korean community and has ample Korean restaurants. This place was legit. We had some of their small plates: KFC (Korean fried chicken wings), tteokbokki with ramen and cheese, and the seafood pancake as well as an entree order of LA kalbi. Every dish was solid. They also had really nice banchan as well. I recommend this place if you need some quality Asian food on vacation. Service was excellent, too!Delicious spicy ramen soup
Fresh and made to order! Spiciness is just right.
I definitely will be returning.All the food was delicious and flavorful. Ox tail stew, seafood pancake, galbi, spicy pork... All sooo good!This place is crazy good . Ordered a ton of food and it was all amazing . Get the wings for sure .Staff and atmosphere are very inviting. Menu is simple and has an explanation of what everything is. My soup was so piping hot but delicious. I kept  burning my tongue but very worth it. Service was very quick; from our drinks to our entrees it was at our table within minutes. I enjoyed myself very much here.Mediocre food. Even charged me 3 dollars for 4 pieces of soggy leaves without even telling me.I walked in all excited because I'm like so many, I've been dying for a new Korean place to open, finding Korea House too expensive and lacking.
Now I have two Korean places that I find too expensive and lacking.
I was a little confused when I saw that they do Vietnamese soup as well as Korean. I didn't really see a need for it since we do have several good pho places already. 
But looking at the menu, I noted they do not offer any of my favorite ones anyway (Tripe, sinew).
When I asked if they were going to be offering them later, some punk kid (10 or 11 years old) chimed in, "Well we're trying to show the Korean side!"
Um...Ok. But it has always been my experience that if you offer a food in a restaurant (And advertise it on your sign), it should be done the best that it can be, not ignored to focus on OTHER stuff.
Just my personal opinion, I guess...
I think back to California and Florida and Nashville Korean places I've eaten and  how much I appreciated the good value I received, it is just disheartening to see how over-priced and how low quality the ones we have here are. 
I can only hope some more competition pops up. Fingers crossed for it happening soon. Good Korean bibimbap is a wonderful lunch.Quick heads up-- this location is closed. They're reopening on Magazine St. in a few weeks.
That said, this place is delicious! When we went, the place was packed. Service was slow, but we never felt ignored: the wait staff kept checking in with us, and when our food arrived, it was worth the wait! I got a dish that co.es out in a sizzling platter. Do NOT stir it if you get it--the crispy rice on the bottom is the best part zip a great complement to the runny egg yolk on top. We ordered vegetarian/vegan dishes, which were awesome, but the guy next to us got short ribs which looked good too (though the guy eating it literally had sweat dropping off his face from the spiciness-- the wait staff looked concerned).
You feel like a guest in someone's home here. Hopefully the new location maintains that warm family atmosphere.This restaurant is everything great... Foods with great services are always making me feel awesome.. Galbi, Osam Bulgogi, Spicy tofu soup with Soju... Ummm!!.. Great!!.. Thanks Little Korea.. Definitely will back to this place when I visit New Orleans again..Ahhhhhhhhh. I came here for my birthday and was a bit disappointed.
First off, I love the new modern look along with the industrial copper vents! The atmosphere really gave it a Korean restaurant feel you would find in any larger cities. The place was ventilated very well, which is nice because Korean bbq normally sticks to your clothes. 
With each grill, you get a combo of cheese and sweet corn, mushrooms, and eggs on the other. You also get an assortment of sides: kimchi, veggies, tofu, etc. You also get 3 types of sauces to dip in to pair with your cooked meats. I liked the light brown sauce with a little bit of their spicy red hot korean paste. We ordered the Gal Bi (short ribs), Spicy pork Belly, and Oxtail stew. We had 5 strips of meat for each. I'm assuming this was an adjustment to the reviews because my friend had less before. Gal Bi ($30) it was good as usual, nice marble of fat with each piece. The spicy pork belly wasn't what I expected, but it was okay in taste. The OXTAIL STEW is what I normally crave. The meat was perfectly cooked (falling off the bone)! There's normally a kick of spicy in the stew but the sweetness over powered the other layers of flavor. There were only like 4 mushrooms in the stew.. quite small as well. It was still good, but not the same as before. We also tried the Guava Berry Soju - light and milky. 
Our overall experience was great. We had a great attentive server who helped assisted in the cooking thoroughly explaining how long to cook each meat. Our bill was about $100 for two people so it could be a bit pricey, but for the location and new renovations I can understand why. I'm still a fan of the old location! Even though it wasn't as nice as this one, the food never disappointed me.Delish! After walking on Magazine St in the heat, we were starving! We didn't think we ordered allot but apparently we did for two ppl! 
Waitress was awesome, sweet, attentive! 
In Chicago we get a bit more bang for our buck and def more sides but it was vacation, I knew it wouldn't be cheap. Would I eat here again? Sure if i was in the neighborhood but I wouldn't make a special trip for itThis was our first time ever eating Korean BBQ and it did not disappoint! Our waitress was incredibly sweet, showing us a few pointers with the grill and gave great recommendations. We left happy and stuffed. Can't wait to bring friends!Delicious! This place should have at least 4 stars that's the only reason I'm reviewing. I'm Korean and know good Korean food. Reasonably priced and very good. I got the bibimpop with bulgolgi and it was perfect. Love all the panchan, too.The food here was excellent. Small location so I thought the ambiance was good.
The only thing that upset me was the pricing. You are required to buy 2 meats if you choose a "grill it yourself". There is no smaller portion size of lunch pricing. So be prepared to spend at least $50. ( $25/meat x2). 
This would have fair pricing if we had 3-4 people but it was only me and my girlfriend. After an appetizer and a $3 ice tea the bill after tip came out to $86 for lunch. 
When I expressed my opinion about the extensive pricing, the manager said it was choice meat from select local farms. I thought, well that makes more sense. Then she went on to say that the ice tea was expensive  because it was"community tea" and refills were free. That's when I felt that the bullshit meter rang in. I really didn't know if she was insulting me or being serious. Community is served in 90% of the restaurants in New Orleans but hardly ever $3/ glass.
I would try some other things on the menu though because the food was excellent but I would not recommend dining there at the grills if it's a 2 person party ( and honestly the grill is only reason I go to Korean bbq). For $86  for lunch I could have gone to commander palace.I'm a recent transplant to New Orleans and while the food in this city is fantastic the Korean in me occasionally craves food from my home country.  After hearing about this place from numerous friends my husband and I finally decided to drop in.  I was craving ttuk mandu guk, the traditional soup consumed on New Year's Day.  The parking lot was full and many of the tables were occupied.  I found the ambiance clean and pleasant, and best of all, Korean drama music created a romantic mood.
The banchan (side dishes) was served quickly, along with hot tea.  My ttuk mandu guk was excellent.  Generous mandoo and ttuk, amazing broth.  My husband ordered the vegetarian bibimbap hot clay pot.  Both entrees were big and we couldn't finish.  I always like being served more than less.
I asked to speak with the owner and he came out of his busy kitchen and chatted without hurry.  I haven't met too many Koreans here so I was very happy to be speaking Korean.  They also cater so when my folks come to visit in March I plan to have food ready for them at home.  I'll also bring them to eat here.  I left feeling happy and satisfied, and now I have a go-to place whenever I want real Korean food.The staff was pretty nice, but I asked for something vegan and the pointed me to some really expensive veggie dish...I was stupid and I got it anyway. Waiting over 30 minutes for it on a Sunday night was no fun at all, and when I got home and ate it, it was a large flavorless plate of vegetables. Gross. Never coming back. The only benefit is that I at least got my veggies in me because I do need to eat healthy. Now I don't want to deter you from coming here, because I'm sure they have a lot of other good and authentic food.I SO wanted to love this place, since I miss Korean food so much; I guess New Orleans really isn't the place to have authentic Chinese or Korean food...
The family that owns the place and also cooks the food is Korean, so their flavors are on point; however, everything is toned down a lot (I'm guessing to not scare away people who might be trying Korean food for the first time). Apparently there are even 2 kinds of kimchi, one with mild flavors, and the real stuff that they don't give unless you ask for it as part of their little side plates (that come free with your food).
However, I give them props for bringing Korean BBQ to the city.
Brownie points for friendly service from the owner's daughters! They also explain food for customers that are confused about items on the menu. :) Yay for no judgment.A cute new little place on Magazine. Tried it out after hearing how good it is at their previous location. We had a party of 4, we were seated next to a party of five at the same table. The table is quite small. It was very uncomfortable. Don't get me wrong I love people and the ones next to us was nice. But the point is we are sharing tables. Their AC had an issue, there was fans blowing everywhere. Not comfortable at all and it was still hot. Server did not refill our drink, we had a half cup of ice for our drinks and it melted quickly. 
 Korean food, I expected it to be spicy or have some kick to it. No it was bland with no spice. The little side veggie dish, only one had Kim chi flavor but no spice to it. 
The short ribs came out first, it took forever to cook, it was smokey and hot. After we was done then they brought out pork belly. We spent quite sometime in there it was hot and the chairs were small uncomfortable, I had anxiety about the little chair. 
  Do not shower before coming here, you will smell like food/smoke going home. Their hood ventilation system sucks. I was sweating bullets, sweats was rolling down my face like it was raining. Maybe this place is made for really tiny Asian people but not me. I didn't want to take pictures with people sitting next to me. It was awkward. I felt like a party crashed. LolGreat service and great food. Banchan and menu selection were on the small side compared to the Korean restaurants we frequent in California.
We got the la galbi and thoroughly enjoyed it. The seafood pancake was delicious.Don't let the outside scare you. I think the building was once a Taco Bell, so it has that fast food look, but it is anything but fast food. When I dine here, I am the minority. Koreans frequent this joint, so I'm going to take that as a sign that we are indeed getting served up some real Korean food. Get out there and take advantage of such an authentic restaurant. Let's show our support. We need more restaurants like this. There's only so much gumbo a person can take!!Called in a reservation for a grill table hours in advance of the scheduled time for a large family dinner of 10 people. We got there on time but they didn't have a table ready. But after waiting 45min for a table, we had enough and left. Can't rate the food because we didn't get a chance to eat itA very good Korean restaurant with wonderful food. Acceptebal price and excellent service. Worth to try. Spicy food highly recommended.We live so close and walk past many nights thinking about how amazing this place smells...
Tonight we went back after 4-5 months and what great updates!!! Menu is more streamlined, cocktails more unique, and GET THIS...  several good gluten free meat options! I'd been happy eating my never ending hot rice bowl of yum with egg but now I can have delicious steak! Well done, y'all. We'll be back sooner next time.Visiting with friends and found this gem- away from the tourist traps of the French quarter. We grilled our own meat at the table (chicken, short ribs, pork and bulgolgi) and garnished it with kimchi and other small pickled dishes. So fresh and absolutely delicious! Great service and well managed restaurant. Made best buds with our table mates.Me and the DPIC came here last night, as we've been craving Korean, but Korea House makes us feel a little out of sorts, so I was super excited when I heard of this place! 
Anyway, I love Korean, and this really hits the spot. It's great that they let you grill the short ribs by the table, but it can get somewhat crowded with all the side dishes they give you. Kimchi was good. Regular kimchi was somewhat spicy, but nice. The potato kimchi was my favorite. We had a rice bowl, which was good, but not amazing, and the LA Kalbi. Kalbi was good, but the meat was somewhat sinewy. I definitely ate all of it, though. The Chili/soybean paste was to die for as well as the sesame oil dressing. It's nice that they give you all the sides and parts to the meal, even if our table did get really crowded for a little bit.
Service was good, but you can tell that they're new at this. They did take really good care of us. I enjoyed everything we had, especially the atmosphere. It's not too quiet and empty that you feel like you're in a museum or library. I will definitely return. Prices are perfect for what you receive. 
I wish them all the best, and I hope the crowd doesn't die off. I think this place could really hit its stride, even located where it is.Wonderful Korean food. The kimchi was delicious, as was the spare rib stone bowl. Very reasonable portions.Really good food and service. I like bulgogi or spicy pork.Probably the most authentic Korean food in New Orleans. However, since they really don't have much competition, the food does tend to be on the pricer side. Yet, it is worth giving it a try!Been here twice and love it so far. There oxtail stew and korean ribs are delis. Must try their pinapple sake, it's not strong and have a refreshing taste!Unfortunately since last time I visited, they have stopped serving pho permanently. Although their other dishes are good, I went there for pho close to my house. Lowering my star rating :(I'm half-Korean (mother) and have lived in Korea for short time. Also been to many Korean restaurants in NYC, Bay Area, etc. 
I was excited to try a Korean place, the first one I've seen in New Orleans. (I've tried one in Metairie, which I thought was actually better.)
The Good
Despite being in an old Taco Bell, the servers make the place feel homier than expected. Most were young and had that endearing (more so than annoying) lack of confidence and skills that I'm sure they will soon acquire. 
Service was quick, frequent and personal. 
The Bad
The food wasn't good. It wasn't bad. Not authentic though and not anything I'd order again. And I ordered some staples. 
Mondoo: I really like the way these were cooked, crispy on the outside. But the filling was kind of mush with no real taste of anything. 
LA Kalbi: BBQ at our table, these looked okay raw but I could tell they wouldn't be that good. Not super fresh. No real taste when I ate them. 
Sam Gyup Sal: One of my favorites in general. Here, it was basically unseasoned bacon. The slices of pork belly are usually not long, thin strips and not as streaky, more fat/meat/fat, short, FAT pieces of pork belly.
Server cooked at our table and that was great, but was there the whole meal. Even though she was really nice, I was there to eat with my gf, not my gf and the server. Usually, someone puts the meat on, checks on it, there longer when needs to be and leaves when done. 
Rice was long-grain American rice. Banchan was not good. Kimchi was super weak. Pajeon was so plain. 
Would I go again? 
I'm half-Korean and I'd like to try to support this new business and their employees who were all SO nice. I'll give them one more try and see how the soups are. I love sundooboo jigae, though i have to say, my expectations are low.1. The appetizer came out way after the main dish. I ordered to grill meat.
2. For tabletop grill, they brought the meat too late, after I finished all egg and corn cheese. Mushroom and garlics are all cooked way before meat came out.
3. The vent didn't work well, so the customers next to my table had to take all the smokes from my grill.
4. I ordered 3 main dishes, and they brought banchan only once, and never refilled them.
The bottomline: I miss the old Little Korea. The food, service, and price were all much better.*UPDATE FOR NEW LOCATION*
First off, the new location is so pretty, especially compared to how it used to be! I loved the aesthetic and atmosphere with kpop in the background. Our hostess welcomed us with a smile.
[BANCHAN] first off, the first refill of banchan is free, but they charge you afterwards. Most places I've been to in TX just have unlimited, but it is NOLA so what do you expect? It wouldn't be so sucky except for the fact that the little side dishes are extremely little! Especially when you have a big table (5), but they still give you the same amount as a couple. I could finish a thing of kimchi in two bites. Bummer. It does come with steamed egg and cheese corn, which Korea House does not offer. The egg is not the traditional steamed egg you get in other restaurants though. Also, the banchan are pretty plain in comparison. 
[KBBQ] I don't remember the old prices, buy the prices right now are definitely extremely pricey! Not to mention you have to buy 2 orders in order to grill at table. 1 order of LA Galbi was $30 and was literally 3 strips of short beef rib, THREE. The samgyupsal was not thin sliced, like I usually see, and it came with 6 pieces. We also ordered a spicy bulgogi, which was moderately proportioned. $100 down the drain and I left still hungry.. :( 
[SERVICE] our server was nice, but he wasn't very helpful. After we got our meats, we waited for rice that never came. When we flagged him down, he was like "oh yeah I could get you rice, as long as you ask for it". I thought it came with it anyways so? Also, it's only one bowl of rice per meat order, so like $90 worth of food = three bowls of rice, so our group had to order more at $2/ bowl. We didn't know this til he only bought out three bowls to our table of five, so we asked for me.
I like that we got to do most of the grilling ourselves because most places kind of take over and don't give you control in the temperature of your meat. However, our server barely checked in on us, for example for water refills, banchan refills, and towards the end when we didn't know how to turn off the grill and it was smoking.
All in all, I might just stick to Korea House.I have eaten here three times, all at lunchtime.  The first two times I ordered box lunch, today was from the regular menu.  I had the black bean noodles, seasoned with some kind of meat and tasty.  My boyfriend had the barbecued pork and squid, spicy and delicious.  We shared Kim chi dumplings, vegetarian dumplings and sides.  Everything was fresh and tasty.  The server was helpful.  The place isn't decorated in high style (old Taco Bell location pre-Katrina) and it's never very busy, but consistently good food.  Glad there is a Korean option in the area!I love this restaurant. The spicy pork dish with gochujang sauce on the side is one of the best Asian dishes that I have ever eaten. The bibimbap was very good and the beef is very tender. Love the side dishes particularly the pickled cucumbers. The radish. The bean sprouts. The potatoes and the kimchi. The service is consistently good. Been here 3 times and I love it more every time.Before they moved to the new location, Little Korea was a fine place with decent food. But now, every time we go there just come home with more disappointment. I ordered take-out today, but after I paid what I ordered, there are "some" not "one" items missing. I called the restaurant, and they told me to stop by again to pick up the missing items in the cold weather. I asked for a refund, and they told me I need to be there with my card. When I said I will just tell my credit card company to do the refund, the refund suddenly became doable. Not only the food was below average, the restaurant made mistakes with my order, and lied about the refund!! I don't even think this dishonest property deserve 1 star. The high review was from the restaurant in the old location instead of this one. Don't go there and insult yourselves. I will personally never come back again.Was thrilled to see this open and am glad to see it has stuck around despite a low awareness of Korean food in the area. I'm always pleased with what I order here. The ambiance is quite cozy in a casual-elegant kind of way. (You'd expect a fast food joint fr the bldg style.) Servers have always been friendly, helpful, and attentive. Glad it's here to feed my need for regular doses of kimchee.This is one of the few places where you can get authentic Korean Food. Don't let the Once Taco Bell structure fool you. This place is legit!! The servers/host are attentive and very friendly, and offer suggestions to people that may be new to the experience.  The food is delicious! I think it may be family run. The only feedback I would give would be that there are only two servers and while they are great, it makes it harder for them to get to everyone consistently. 
I want to come back and try the Korean BBQ.  When they tell you food is spicy, they aren't kidding. Trust that they sense of spicy is higher than your sense. 
The ramen is good, and the kimchi and other table condiments are good!Smoked Salmon BiBimBap, Garlic Pork Belly, and Thinly Sliced Briskets are amazing! Definitely must try these, their new appetizers are also very good; Emo's Nachos, Korean Fried Chicken WingsThis was a nice modern Korean restaurant. The drinks tasted great & the food as well. The waiter was nice & he understood the menu very well.  The drinks tasted great but not strong. Very large portions... I realized very early that I had ordered to much food and found myself cooking like I was at home. Be carefull. LOL  but a great experience.I like Little Korea (LK).  I get their Pho often.  But what I really love are their sides.  They've rekindled my love affair with Kimchi.  I find myself randomly longing for KimChi thanks to LK.  They're a little slow though.Love this place. Don't be scared off by its odd location and refurbished taco-bell building. The food is much better than you would expect from looking at it from outside. 
The staff is always really friendly and eager to offer recommendations. I have never had anything that wasn't excellent. I haven't had the chance to dine in yet, but they are always fast with a take out order.Don't be fooled by the cheap, fast food exterior- this place is great. Almost no atmosphere but the food is delicious. Spicy pork and beef bulgogi are both highlights. Service is friendly.The pork belly is amazing. Well seasoned and affordable. Usually Korean bbq is super expensive but the prices here were good. I would visit again.The place is small but it always smells good. The area has a very modern vibe to it. The menu is limit but all the items on the menu is good. We usually go as a family of ten people and take up two grill space. The space it the only problem for me; too small. The staff are very nice and attentice to our needs. It is really easy to grill the meat, but if it is your first time the server will be more than happy to help you grill it. All the meats in the menu are good; very tender and juicy. The sauce they marinate each meat doesn't overpower the flavor. The portions are really good for the value. All in all a really in place to eat and chill with friends and family.BLUF:  Not going to pretend to know much about Korean food but I definitely liked this place.  Great staff, great food.
This is an old taco bell on Claiborne so i just assumed it was fast food.  It is a proper sit down restaurant and it was great.  
Staff is very nice.  Not much character inside.  Menu has the standard Korean foods and the prices are good.  The only other Korean place that I know of is in Metairie but Little Korea is much closer and better in my opinion.  
They start you off with the kimchi.  It was good and intersting.  Kinda like getting free bread.  
We got some kind of pork dumpling like thing for an app and they were great.  
Then we split a kettle bowl of rice and spicy pork.  I dont know the name but it was really good and pretty spicy but not too spicy.  
Hard for me to write a review since I dont know korean food well but I do know I liked this place.  Korean food is not my first choice but I'd def send people here if they were craving something different.  Good stuff.An ultimately pleasant train-wreck.
We were fans of the Claiborne location and couldn't wait for them to open on Magazine St with the addition of Korean BBQ. I saw that it opened on Tuesday afternoon so it was an easy choice for dinner on Saturday. I knew it would be busy but really didn't expect such a long wait...an hour for the BBQ tables but what the hell, let's go for it. Until we looked at the menu that is. Meats for BBQ are a 2 order per group minimum and it's expensive. It was just as easy a decision to change our minds and go  a la carte. 
On Saturday, I have to say that it felt a bit like organized chaos.  The AC is broken with the BBQ vents sucking up all the cold air too so it's hot and they only have two floor fans set up at the front. Groups were crammed in at the large BBQ tables and you need to pick your way through carefully, making sure to avoid the hot coals being brought through. The floor is black and shows every single mark and stain. Restaurants have a tendency to produce a lot of spillages and stains so it gives the restaurant the appearance of a work in progress with them not quite being ready to open. 
Anyway, on to the food. We ordered a bulgogi and a spicy pork bibimbap as well as a Kimchi pancake. Domestic Beers are $4 and Imported beers are $5. When I asked what the Imported beers were, I was told 'Abita, Blue Moon, a Nola'...I stopped listening at that point. What exactly does Imported mean??. First out was our banchan which must be the best thing about Korean food. Everything was superb with the fish cake, bean sprouts and kimchi being the highlights I think. When the food came out, I had to put my ear nearly in the bowl to hear the sizzle of the rice. Bibimbap sizzle = crispy rice. There would be no crispy rice with this dish, unlike at the Claiborne location. The kimchi pancake was excellent - spicy and really good with the dipping sauce. Ultimately we were/ are disappointed but I'm inclined to cut them some slack and stick with a 4 star rating. Although there was a dip in quality between locations, we didn't leave a single morsel of food...which is a good validation. Also, this is clearly a small family business and feels like it. You're not dealing with F&B directors or front of house managers. It's Joyce who is right there, front and centre working through their teething problems and I'm sure they'll succeed. The evening was a bit of a delicious mess, but good enough to come back again. We'll see if it's once more...or more.
Just saw their Facebook post saying that they would be closed from 6/27 to 6/30 to get things right. Not an easy decision, so good luck to them!I know very little about Korean food, but I popped in for lunch here and had a spectacular dish of spicy pork and squid with steamed rice. It's a quaint sit-down restaurant, which was a pleasant surprise in the long gone Taco Bell on South Claiborne. I definitely plan on going back often.Went back to Little Korea the other day. It must have been like 4 months since the last time we were there. Quite honestly I didn't have a good experience the last time and I had no plans to return (probably should've written about it--oops), but lil sis wanted Korean and we didn't have time to cook or to get out to Metairie.
We didn't realize that there was a lunch menu so we were trying to order from the dinner side, and our server kindly let us know that there is a lunchbox option available. So we saved some $$ ordering from the lunch menu.
We got the japchae and osam bulgogi and shared (we had wanted the squid but that option wasn't available for lunch). Everything was good except the bulgogi was too heavily seasoned. I was gonna say too salty but they used gochujang so they probably didn't use much salt if any... Maybe it was in the marinade for too long?
Overall a much better experience than our last time.Love the food! Bbq was amazing! Only shy of five stars due to the freshness of my side dishes. It seemed that they had been sitting out for quite some time. Staff was amazingly attentive and curteous.Nothing horrible about this restaurant. But I think it's very much over priced and the food is not that good or authentic comparing to this price. The portion is small. I used to eat at Korean House in Metairie when I want to have Korean food. Much better food and variety and more reasonable price. Won't go back.I consider this place my favorite! The bulgogi and yook gae jang taste soooo delicious.. I will definitely go back to this place again! Highly recommended!!!i love it here. if you want to grill (which i recommend) come with a group. you can try more meats and get a table to yourself; otherwise it can be crowded. last time we got the miso marinated pork belly, spicy chicken, and galbi. it was all delicious! the chicken was HOT tho (and i love spice). a couple of people at the table couldn't eat it. 
our server thomas was friendly and funny, and kept an eye on our meats although we were mostly cooking them ourselves. we had several carafes of soju (lol). they are delicious. fresh juices like watermelon and satsuma mixed w the korean alcoholic bev. 
i've tried the black bean noodles and the kimchi stew during previous visits and enjoyed that, too. you really can't go wrong! we spent forty bucks each with tip as a group of five, consuming multiple rounds rice and banchan, the three meats, a bowl of noodles, and a couple of appetizers. needless to say we were full :)I can't believe I waited so long to try this place..1 mile away vs. fighting the Metairie traffic? The decision was pretty easy.
I liked the banchan to start, although I am used to about 9 different trays of things to nibble on, here they give you 3. All were tasty though and kimchi was spicy and yum.
I was interested to see whether they would have tteokbokki on the menu as a starter (Korea House does not either), but alas, they did not. Add this and I will be yours forever :-)
My bulgogi bibimbap was very good and I devoured every last bit of charred, crispy rice at the bottom of my pot. I will be back soon- kamsahamnida!
PS. And, unlike their competitor, they have metal chopsticks..score.The food was okay and they do not have much room. I went in with a party of 9 and was told to sit at one of the long tables used for the actual grill just because it's easier to sit 9 there. Totally understandable and I told them that we were not planning on using the grill. They said fine and I though that that was the end of it. But after we had ordered and a few people had gotten their meals, the waiter came and told us to order something from the actual grill menu because we were taking up that spot for grilling. I was a little put off because we had already said that we had not planned to buy anything off the grill menu especially since we all had already ordered food and most of us only brought enough money for ourselves. I still agreed, though, and our bill went up 30 dollars due to the platter. This place is definitely better for smaller groups!This place is great! The banchan (small appetizer dishes) seem to rotate in and out, but kim chi is always available. They also have a hidden stash of the stronger stuff available upon request.
We've been here roughly half a dozen times since they opened, and everything on the menu so far has been great. I highly recommend the tableside grill service, particularly the short ribs! It's a family owned establishment that Joyce and the other staff members are helpful and kind folk.
My only complaint is that the restaurant isn't open 7 days per week!Thank you, Arthur, for your amazing service.  You were so welcoming from the moment we opened the front door.  We had only heard about Korean BBQ but never tried it before.  Thanks for answering all of our questions.  We enjoyed every single thing we ordered.  We will be back!  Thanks!  Debbie Spence, RealtorReally love the food and like the new location . Wish they would bring back their spivey chicken stew.Came here for lunch during a hot day on the dock, excellent food and service.Nice to finally have a Korean BBQ in Nola. The prices are pretty pricey for what they give you honestly. The Korean grill was pretty good. I order the garlic pork belly as my grill item, tofu soup and tteokbokki. The tofu soup came out warm so I wasn't impressed. I've been here twice and they do not know how to cook rice. It's always mushy...the banchan are pretty decent. They offer kimchi, fish cakes, bamboo stems, black beans, beansprouts ect. At the end of our meal they told us they forgot to make our Tteokbukki which was fine. They gave us fried dumplings but it was very greasy. The tteokbokki is good but they don't give you a lot. I'm used to the logs rice cakes not slices. My second time visiting I ordered off the regular menu. I ordered the kimchi soup and bulgogi bimbibap. When you tell them spicy they don't play. The bimbibap was not appetizing. The rice was MUSHY!!! Overall I would go again to eat the Korean grill if my boyfriend paysGot the very expensive BBQ, which is guarantee to be $50 because you have to get two type of meat... BUT WHERE WAS THE LETTUCES?! Can't call it korean bbq without lettuces! Side dishes were limited and portion size was ridiculously small, had to repeatedly asked the server to keep bringing more side dishes. OX tail stew was good but it was definitely not a stew.Absolutely the worst Korean BBQ I've ever had, in more than 25 years of eating Korean BBQ regularly.
I was alone, and so had to order my bulgogi from the kitchen.  It was entirely tasteless, and appeared to have been steamed, rather than grilled.  There were no lettuce leaves or sauces, but had the meat not been dry and inedible, I wouldn't have minded.  It also took 20 minutes to arrive.
When I immediately asked for my check, it became apparent that there was no "management," and when I explained to the waitress that the food was, in a word, "wrong," she said, "Well, I'm not Korean, so I don't know." 
I never walk out of restaurants, and this may have indeed been the first time.  It was definitely the last time I will walk into Little Korea.If I could, this rating would be a 3.5. I'd come back because it's close to my house and will satisfy a Korean food craving. I didn't opt for the grill because the prices were a little outrageous. I used to go all the time in the DC area and the grill meats were half the price of what Little Korea charges. Other plates seemed a little more reasonable - then again they're pretty much the only Korean place in town, so they can do what they want.
Fiance and I went for lunch and ordered the jaeyook plate (spicy pork) and bulgogi bibimbap. Plates include a small salad, a small serving of rice, half a plate of meat, and two small fried dumplings. I was really underwhelmed by the plate, but I really did end up full after it all. The meat portion ended up being way more than I thought. I would have liked a little more salad/lettuce to eat with the side of meat. Bibimbap bowl was huge, but mostly veggies and didn't come in the sizzling bowl. Marinated meats were very flavorful and surprisingly good though. 
If they start making yogurt soju, I might be by more often. I was unsure if we got free refills for the banchan/side dishes.We've been twice, and it's not bad. We liked the food at the old location, but it was out of the way for us and kind of... lacking in ambiance. Unfortunately, the food doesn't seem quite as good as we remembered at the old location, especially for the price. The bibimbop in particular is kind of bland, and the trace amount of meat they put on top for a $3-4 charge is not a good deal.
The other dishes are pretty good, and better for the price. The dessert is a fun treat, too, enough for sharing and great for the New Orleans summer.HOLY CRAP!!! 
Was in New Orleans for Mardi Gras and craving for comfort Korean food... went to Little Korea, BIG FREAKING MISTAKE.... someone told it's authentic Korean since it's owned by Koreans, but damn the food is nothing authentic and a lot of the food is prepackaged instant food you can buy out of HMart... I took a couple of bites and couldn't stand the nasty food in front of me... even the basic kimchee banchan was nasty and salty....
If people are giving good reviews for this place then I really need to open a truly authentic Korean restaurant in New Orleans...
Either way, this place is nasty....Spicey spicey spicey. Moderately priced a variety of flavors and foods to try in one shot.So this place would be rated 4 stars if their guest service warranted it. But it doesn't. I have eaten here once before and the food was pretty good, but they served us drinks from a can (which I personally find unappealing at a restaurant that averages $40+ for a meal for two). Also the entire visit we were waited on maybe 4 times over the course of an hour-and-20 minutes. However, that isn't the reason I decided to write this review. We decided to visit here tonight, kinda late but still within their business hours, and early compared to the rest of the restaurants on magazine which close past midnight on weekends. We walked in at 10:00 when their business hours mentioned they closed at 10:30. Upon walking in we were told that they stop seating people at 10, and we literally walked in at 10 on the dot. So if that is the case, why mention that your business hours are until 10:30? I would get it if we showed up at 10:25 and demanded a table, but it was still 30 minutes till close and we spotted a table hadn't even ordered yet when we walked in. I'm not sure what the issue is but if you are going to turn people away 30 minutes before close then just change your business hours. We ended up going to Lager's in Metairie for badass burgers and beer instead.I've been here twice and thoroughly enjoyed both trips. Be prepared to wash your clothes when you get home b/c even with the vents you still leave smelling like charred meat. Deliciously charred meat. 
Do it right and get an assortment of meats that you cook yourself. I love the little sides they come with, especially the pickled vegetables. Each time I've gone they were different. 
If you don't know what you might enjoy, ask your server. The spicy chicken really is spicy- my bf broke out in a sweat while eating it. My favorite is the bulgogi, they have two options of it I think.
Be prepared to sit next to strangers. The tables are set up with two grills do smaller parties (2-4 ppl) will be at the same table as another group. I don't mind it, personally. You can get some good advice if they've already eaten!!Ate KFC wings. Juicy and spicy at the same time. Guzzling it down with some leprechaun lemonade on St. Patrick's Day. Best way to theme this restaurantI've been dying to try Little Korea since they've opened up their new location on Magazine street.
My boyfriend & I decided to dine here on a Sunday night. We arrived around 6-630 and were seated immediately. You have the choice of grilling or ordering straight for the menu and we opted for the grill to get the full Little Korea experience. Mind you for the grill, you have to order 2 servings of meat off the menu in order to grill. If you're eating with just two people then ordering that is enough.
I was definitely eye hungry so we ordered the Bulgogi BiBimBap bowl, my boyfriend wanted the Kim Chi Pancake (which I was a bit skeptical about), Bulgogi and Galbi meat serving to grill. 
The Kim Chi Pancake was actually very food. It comes out on a sizzling hot clay plate that still cooks it a little which I loved because it made the bottom of the pancake crispy. The BiBimBap bowl with Bulgogi was really good as well. 
Now comes the grill. It comes with sides of pickled vegetables, tofu, and Kim chi with endless refills but the refills are small in portion. I get the logic for that though because I wouldn't want to give people an abundance of something they might waste. We also ordered the sides of corn, egg, and mushrooms which cooks on a plate on the grill. The Spicy Bulgogi was very soft and flavorful. I loved it. I couldn't say the same for the Galbi though. It was a bit too sweet for me and didn't hit my taste buds out the ball park. 
We also ordered the Watermelon Soju Carafe and it was delicious. I thought Carafe was pronounced like care-ra-fe so I felt like an idiot when I ordered it and the waiter corrected me. LOL. My boyfriend also did not want to correct me so I could make a fool of myself and so he could get a laugh out of it. We also ordered the BingSu Green Tea which I wasn't a big fan of. I imagined the green tea to already be infused in it but it was spread on top. 
Our waiter's name was Daniel. He was good & very attentive to our needs. The place is a bit pricey if you're grilling but if you aren't then it's pretty affordable. I'll def be back next time.I write this as a neophyte to Korean Food. Back in the day I used to go to Ghengis Khan on Tulane Ave. But it went away. Now I am rediscovering this Asian cuisine, and Little Korea makes it possible. The young wait staff has always been very helpful in explaining what I am eating and how Korean works. The Kim Chee is spicy but not volcanic. The bulgoki flavorful. We ordered the on table grill and had fun with the ribs. Great sauces. I wasn't crazy about this eggy soup that comes with the grill, but there is another with a Korean Tofu which really was tasty and different. The panko crusted fried chicken was OK, but I preferred the Bim Bop pot. Stir with your metal chop stick and scrape up the "burnt" rice at the bottom. We learned technique! Thanks to friendly and patient waitress who helped us through the experience. It is a converted fast food place to be sure, but the place has the feel of a family owned operation for sure.What a fantastic gem hiding in plain sight on Claiborne Avenue!
I had trouble deciding what to order, since their menu is full of interesting items, many of which were new to me. I settled on a Bi Bim Bap with spare ribs--a rice, vegetable, and meat dish served in a hot stone bowl and covered with a fried egg--and it was outstanding. They also serve a small appetizer sampler of sorts that's complimentary and comes with wonderful kimchi and cucumber salad.
Finally, the waitress was a delight, helpfully explaining all aspects of the menu to us. Definitely recommended.Good food, good service. Terrible small cramped tables ruin the entire experience. When you don't even have room to get your entire order on the table and have to send food back to the kitchen because it doesn't physically fit something is seriously wrong.This place is great. Fresh ingredients, terrific flavor. I'm hooked on the vegetable dumplings and beef bibimbap. Everyone recommends this magnificent ice cream dessert but I never have enough room for it! Did I mention the bibimbap?Little Korea offers traditional korean meals, and also has a variety of other asian appetizers and entrees. This is family owned and operated, and you will often see the family dining at a large table. Many Koreans frequent this establishment because let's face it, where else are you going to get this kind of food in New Orleans? The staff is well educated on the food and is ready to answer any questions you might have. 
If you like kimchi, ask your server for the aged kimchi. 
If you are new to Korean food and like beef, try the Bulgogi. 
If you like sake, order a bottle of the SOJU, priced at $13.99.Was our first time trying Korean BBQ and we opted for the grill so we could have the experience. Our waiter was great and explained the process and helped with grilling. There is a two meat minimum per table and since we were vacationing we weren't going to be able to take it to go. This left us very full as it is enough meat and sides for 3 people to leave comfortably full. The variety of sides that come with it are very tasty. The kimchi was a good side with a nice chili powder flavor. The pickled dish was also very good.  The cheese corn was nice and sweet paired well with the black beans. Overall a very delicious meal and worth the money for the experience.Great experience! Friendly staff and great food = a nice little food getaway! Definitely recommend trying this place, definitely worth the extra price.Even in my out of state travels I get a craving for Korean bbq...little did I know there was one located in the garden district of NOLA!  
What makes this place unique from other Korean bbq places is their type of ventilation system. A sort of metal vacuum hose if you will. Located directly above your grill for you to place over your meat between flips.  Kjnda fun!  Lol. 
Pricing is pretty high compare to the many kbbq's in Georgia Duluth area, but taste was up to par.  They even offered cheesy corn but it is served as extra unfortunately.  In ATL it's free with meal. Ohh wells, we were on vacation and cheesy dorm is a must when eating kbbq.  
Meat tasted great and you don't smell as smoky when you leave thanks to their type of ventilation! Kudos!! 
Jal meokgesseumnida!!
FYI. There's a massage parlor next door in case you're waiting for your table after walking the garden district!Don't judge a book by it's cover! Or umm, I mean a restaurant by the fact that it used to be a Taco Bell? Little Korea is a family run restaurant that is filled with unique and tasty vittles. Not only that, but vittles that you'd be hard-pressed to find else where in New Orleans. Aside from a thriving Vietnamese community, most would say New Orleans definitely lacks diversity when it comes to other types of Asian Cuisines. And although we've really been stepping up the game over the past couple of years, I would still agree. 
Next time you're driving down S. Claiborne and are thinking about turning into one of the three fast food chains to your right, don't. Pull a left instead and pop into Little Korea. Upon walking inside you'll notice K-Pop music in the background, a Korean Soap Opera on the television, and probably a large group of extended family members catching up over some Korean BBQ. Sounds better than your original plan of trying to stuff your face with a crunch wrap supreme while driving now doesn't it? I don't know about you, but all I'm normally left with after that is a stomach ache, shame, and a giant nacho cheese stain on my shirt. 
Everyone that works there is super friendly and eager to teach people about Korean food. No reason to be afraid to ask for suggestions or to even substitute the skinny metal chopsticks for wooden ones. I've tried a couple of things at Little Korea, but I definitely have certain dishes that I crave and always come back to. If it's cold out, order the Spicy Tofu Stew. It's a fiery red soup served in a stone hot pot that is filled with silken tofu, pork, and has a whole egg cracked straight into it. I swear it can cure any cold or heat up any chilly New Orleans night. When it's hot out, I normally order the Spicy Cold Noodles. It's a bowl of cold buckwheat noodles with a spicy red sauce, thinly sliced brisket, pickled daikon, cucumber, and a hard boiled egg on top. Super refreshing and interesting when the temperature is in the mid 90's. Some of my other favorites include the Spicy Pork and Squid, Bulgogi, Kim Chi Fried Rice, Japchae, Dukbokki, and the Spicy Pork Bi Bim Bop. If you've never had Korean Food before The Bulgogi Bi Bim Bop is a great place to start. You really can't beat all that crispy rice!
My favorite part about this place, however, is definitely the Banchan. Banchan are traditional Korean side dishes that change daily and come with any entree. I've had everything from Kimchi to Scallion Pancakes here and they never disappoint.
Bottom line, give Little Korea a try. It's a quaint place packed with unique and funky flavors, you really can't go wrong.I stopped in here for the first time this past Wednesday.  It was pretty crowded when I arrived and it kept getting more packed.  I got the ginsing chicken soup which was a small chicken stuffed with rice and other items.  The dish didn't exactly come out the way I thought it would from the menu description and I wasn't planning on having to dissect and eat so much chicken but it was still a decent and large dish.  I don't think I would order this particular item again as it was one of the blandest Korean dishes I've ever had and I really like the spice of other Korean things I've eaten.  They only seem to give you three pickled snacks while you get more things at the Korean place in Metairie and those little snacks are one of my favorite parts of the meal.  I will probably return to sample more things here and I'm glad we have a Korean place Uptown but I like the menu at the Metairie Korean place a lot more at this point.Had a lovely meal last night at LKBBQ! I love the changes on the new menu and its great that it is smaller because the tables arent very big. Definitely must come with a group because the portion sizes are huge! People complain about the price, but when you think about all the free extras you get and the unique experience,  its totally worth it! 
We got the new fishcakes dish which was like fish sausages in a sweet and sour sauce,  mmmm so good! The spicy rice cakes with ramen and cheese are divine and an absolute must have when you go! I saw people complain that the pork belly was thick cut, but that just makes it even better! we had the herb one and the spicy one, both were delicious and we had so many sauces and sides to eat them with which made the experience so cool! Lastly the LA Galbi is probably the best dish in new orleans. o god yes.