With the exception of JazzFest season, this a local's joint. Great gumbo, a stellar BBQ shrimp po' boy, duck tenders, and cold beer. It's worth the cab ride.In general, the food in New Orleans has completely ruined me for food from anywhere else and Liuzza's by the track was pretty much the crowning glory of my food tour of New Orleans.
Set in a picturesque, non-touristy neighborhood, you really owe it to yourself to stray away from the bustle of the Quarter and Downtown and wander over here.
Their shrimp po boy is sumptuous and to die for. I didn't get to try them, but the hand cut french fries are supposedly the best too.
We paired this meal with an ice-cold Abita Amber (gotta try the local brews) and a stroll in the sculpture garden at City Park.
Go there... JUST DO IT!To sum it up, this is a Solid Four-star. 
 I shall base this off of 3 dishes, and though I would be tempted to give it a five, I shall simply sum it with a Four-star (after writing my own review, lol).
1. I ordered the fried egg plant (with marinara sauce) on the whim for $4.95. The fried batter worked well. Sauce provided a nice punch. Plentiful...definitely worth the money.
2. Ordered the fried catfish platter. Fries were average. The batter was standard fish fry but had a nice crunch. The fish was...HUGE. I've never seen fried fish this big, but they set the record. It was impressive that they fried it this well without falling to pieces. Wasn't the freshest of fish but still a worthy dish for $10.95 (or $9.95).
3. Tried the Reuben sandwich. Standard taste. Average size. Decent sandwich (poboy).
Overall, I would definitely recommend it and come back. Enjoy.Got the BBQ Po boy and some potato salad. Sandwich was delicious, a bit too salty though! Super friendly service and food comes out fast!!Nine of us ate at Liuzza's By The Track on December 27. Four people had the catfish platter, fries, coleslaw. Two had catfish po-boy, fries. One had turkey po-boy. Two had shrimp platter, fries. Five had gumbo soup. Everyone loved their food and one comment was the catfish was better than what they had Christmas Day. We did have to wait about 45 minutes but well worth the wait. Nothing fancy about the restaurant just down home cooking. I would recommend this restaurant to everybody.The BBQ Shrimp po-boy was sooo delicious! Served in a hollowed out french bread filled inside and outside with nice size shrimp.  Not your ordinary BBQ sauce...it's thinner with a peppery/garlic white gravy type sauce. It's in a non-tourist neighborhood...so you need a car to get to them.  Well worth the trip!Another awesome local joint you may want to peep out. Must: Creole Gumbo. Make sure you get the bowl and not the cup you sissy. When I think of food from New Orleans, there are many dishes that comes to mind. Gumbo is very high on my to-eat list. Liuzza's by the Track serves a mean gumbo. It's rich with tons of delish ingredients. Hell, I'd go back just for this. They will give you the softest French bread that you can dip into the gumbo. Legit!
We also had their infamous shrimp sandwich. They gutted out the French bread and dumped the shrimp & sauce right in the middle. May be a little messy but that's what a fork and knife is for.
Wrapped it up with the bread pudding for dessert. Not bad, but I can deal without it. Just go for the gumbo.
This little restaurant was packed especially when the LSU Tigers were playing. The fanatic hooligans were crawling all over the bar.
Did I mention the gumbo is what you need to order here? Yes, do it.It has been a few years since I've been to New Orleans.  In Illinois, it's hard to get fresh seafood and the same kind of savory dishes you can find down south.  I'm not a seafood fan, but I figured when in Rome....or, when in NOLA...
Liuzza's is one of the standouts of my visit.  Everyone I talked to said, "you've absolutely GOT to try the bbq shrimp po' boy," and man, it did not disappoint.  Garlicky, Shrimpy, awesomeness in a hollowed-out crispy french roll.  Also tried my travelmates' "breathtaking beef" po' boy that had an awesome horseradish sauce on it.  
We went in Feb. '05, so I'm very glad to see it withstood the storm.  If I make it back down, find me there!My favorite place to eat in Nola! Their fried shrimp are delicious. Ventured out to try the portabella mushroom salad and LOVED it.  The staff are so nice. Truly a neighborhood gem.BBQ shrimp po boy is shrimp in a stew of popcorn butter. It is awful. Their service is terrible as well. When I tried to place a to go order, the muscular female bartender/waitress informed me it would back up the kitchen. She told me I would have to dine in because there were other customers who wanted to sit down that were more important. She treated me like an imbecile for wanting to do takeout lunch on Monday November 28, 2011 at 1:15. Note it was only 2 po boys. It's not like I was ordering for a whole office. Truth be told, she only wanted dine in customers because they would buy drinks and increase her tip. I was not even occupying a table. I was sitting by myself at the bar. She insisted on me understanding how busy the restaurant was and how much 2 shrimp po boys would back up a kitchen. When I told her I didn't understand her irrational and illogical point, she spoke slower to clarify her moot point. Liuzza, I was really excited to eat you cuisine, but if I am to expect that kind of treatment, I would never eat there.I was quite impressed with their bartender. It was VERY cold in there when we arrived, and the bartender loaned me his jacket!!! He also turned off some fans and changed the temperature settings. Wonderful. The food was very good. We split a cup of their gumbo and it was great--lots of flavor. Then we split their BBQ pistolette. It was also good, but much different that I expected. You eat it with a fork and knife to sop up the gravy. We also tried a little of their red beans and rice and it was OK. I prefer it a little spicier. Then we split their bread pudding. A huge portion, and quite good. Not so much cinnamon, seemed to have peaches in it---but tasty. All in all a very good experience.Never disappoints. Poboys and gumbo are excellent. Friendly staff and owner is frequently on site.
Best hamburger in the area. Hand made patty and fresh cut fries. Local gem.A favorite stop for lunch or dinner. Turtle soup is a local favorite and I am hard pressed to say there is a better one anywhere else in the city. After a cup of that, you still have room for the best Roast Beef Poor Boy you ever ate. Or oyster, or shrimp or garlic oyster or even the hamburger poor boy, which is awesome!
Great gathering of colorful characters most nights, including the staff. Spend an evening here and get a taste of what it's like to miss New Orleans!They say never judge a book by its cover. Honestly we would've never stopped at this little hole in the wall but after reading reviews we decided to.  Let me say this place is a gem! The bbq shrimp po'boy was delicious.  Whenever in NOLA this is a must stop.1/2 sandwich + cup o soup is awesome.
One of my staple restaurants when I get to NOLA.  My favorites include the fried shrimp po' boy or the roast beef po' boy.  Their gumbo is flavorful and with just the right amount of spice.  Their fries ($2.95) are usually pretty good but the las time I was there, they looked like they had been refried and were way greasy, soggy, and overly dark brown.
Decor is perfectly homey as is the service.  I love it when the waitresses call me "baby" or "sweetie".Great place for lunch or dinner.  Parking may be challenging, but worth it. The Gumbo and po-boys are excellent...I would highly recommend the BBQ shrimp stuffed poboy. Very tasty and has a lot of shrimp on it! add a lil' crystal hot sauce and your good to go. 4 stars only cuz this place is so small....but worth it.So.much.food.  But so yummy!  Went here for a girl's dinner a few months ago and stuffed ourselves silly.  Parking can be a challenge as it's in a neighborhood, but it wasn't terrible.  We had a great server and she was happy to accommodate our group of 6 (even when some of us showed up late!)
This is a great place to go during the week when you want good food and don't want to cook.A Nola must stop! 
My favorite is the BBQ Shrimp! Words cannot describe the flavor! You just have to try it for yourself! 
The sweet tea is sugarlaide 
This place is a local "watering hole" very unique. Once you go once you'll have to come back time and time again!There is nothing not to like at Liuzza's, unless you insist on being able to pick up the shrimp po' boy with your hands. Too big. Too jammed full of shrimp. Too juicy. Go directly to utensils and savor every bit. The gumbo is perhaps the best I've ever had--outside of my own kitchen:-) You betcha I can make a roux! 
The location is a bit outside of the usual tourist circles. Even that is a plus. Well worth a cab ride if you're carless. Otherwise, just GPS it. No regrets on the horizon here!awesome local tap room with friendly staff.
met some real freaks in town for voodoo fest here.
great food, had a fried seafood salad that was very delicious--we wanted to pretend we were eating healthy so we got that instead of the po' boy.
nice neighborhood too with some very friendly people and some nice cats...BBQ shrimp special was amazing. Sauce is a little different than Mr Bs but still great. Very high quality shrimp and there were easily 20 of them for just $15.95. Amazing.This place is okay. Let me just put this out there, when we travel as a family we take great pride in trying our best to fit in as the locals. We don't stay out in the French Quarter, we like to try and assimilate to the local culture as much as reasonably possible.  Liuzza's is not a place  for visitors as that was made abundantly clear when we arrived. It was clear that they prefer their regulars and if you are visitor they really don't have time for you. Know what you want to get ahead of time because they don't like explain and differences or questions you may have.  It is solid pub food. Husband recommends the catfish plate, mind was on special the crab plate and was fair. If ordering dessert, you're better off to order the bread pudding which is one of their specialities. I was disappointed, this place was overrated. The Italian restaurant around the corner had better food for about the same price. I will not seek this place out again when I visit.When I lived in NOLA this was my favorite place hands down.  Any time I had the chance or the slightest reason to go to up to Bayou St. John I would hit up Liuzza's.  Shrimp and oyster PoBoys are out of this world.  Some of my favorite gumbo in the city.  Delectable roast beef.  Hearty bloody mary's.  Good folks and good vibes all kept me coming back.Best po boys my boyfriend and I ever had!! A hidden gem!We ate the BBQ shrimp po boy, which is really more like BBQ shrimp in sauce smothering a sandwich roll. It was a bit on the salty side for me, as was the crawfish etoufee. Both were very tasty, though, with LOTS of butter! I learned later that you can really overdo the butter thing, but it really was delicious at the time!Nice experience. I was wanting a bowl of gumbo and a Po-boy. Got the 1/2 combo and both the gumbo and the garlic oyster were very good. Parking in the neighborhood is obviously a little tricky, but we went about 1:30pm and the shop was not busy and there was street parking available.Had lunch there today with family.  The Honey Pepper salad dressing is killer; the oyster po-boy and roast beef po-boys were great; the BBQ shrimp po-boy was very good, but impossible to eat as a sandwich - more like a plate lunch (a little heavy handed with the pepper too).  Fries and sweet potato fries excellent.  Wonderful atmosphere and service.  Will definitely return.It is morbid, but I really wanted to come here because, on one of my favorite shows, Treme, one of the show's protagonists has a perfect new orleans day, eating here and then grabbing beignets at cafe du monde, prior to committing suicide.   I thought it would be perfect for our last day in New Orleans!
I liked the feel of this place and the service was excellent.   The gumbo was one of the best I have ever had, but my shrimp were not all deveined.   My husband's shrimp poboy also had shrimp that was partially or not at all deveined.   I had the fried oyster poboy and the bread was extremely stale and difficult to eat.  I would come back but order just the gumbo.Got the gumbo and BBQ shrimp po boy. Gumbo was good, nothing really stood out tho. The po boy, while looking absolutely delicious, was the saltiest thing I've ever tasted in my life. My first BBQ shrimp experience was Mr B's Bistro so that's the only comparison I have to make. And in comparison, this BBQ shrimp was super salty so much that I couldn't really eat it. Very disappointing. I doubt I'll ever go back or recommend it to people.THE best Po Boy EVER!  The gumbo was terrific (better than the French quarter stuff). I even enjoyed the catfish thoroughly, and I don't usually like fish. Small hole in the wall place-but do NOT miss this place!Was in town for vacation and was told to try the food here. Went with the gumbo and shrimp po' boy. The gumbo was very good, I got it as a side because I was told the bowl would be too much since I was getting the po' boy. The shrimp po' boy was pretty decent just thought it would be more to it. Just shrimp dipped in a Cajun sauce and poured on a roll. 
The service was a little suspect. We sat at the bar thinking the service would be quicker. Took a while to get waters and once we did there was something floating at the bottom of one. Took some time to flag someone down to get another. We ordered before two different parties that sat down after us just to the right of us and their food came out before ours..then when our food came out they tried to give it to someone else then brought it down to us..
Maybe it was the time we went (Friday afternoon), but when I'm back in N.O I will give them another shot.The shrimp BBQ po-boy is ridiculously good, as is the garlic oyster poboy.  FYI - Don't confuse this place with another restaurant nearby that's called just "Liuzza's" - this place is infinitely better than "Liuzzza's".Came here after touring the Degas House. Nice local spot with delicious aromas as soon as you enter!
Shrimp Remoulade ($5.95). Okay, I'm not from here, so forgive me if I'm off base but... Is remoulade the 1st cousin of the Big Mac's "special sauce" which is the 1st cousin of Thousand Island Dressing? Either way, it's tasty-licious! The shrimp were delicate and well cooked (though not deveined). They were atop a bed of iceberg lettuce and slathered with the remoulade sauce. A touch of cayenne pepper would really kick it up a notch. 
The Catfish Po Boy ($11.95) was AMAZING! Crusty bread with flaky & flavorful fish, perfectly dressed.  The potion was quite sizable too. 
The venue is in a neighborhood, so on street is your only option; but there seem to be lots of parking available. A great place to grab a Po Boy.Second visit to this corner bar and restaurant on our week-long trip to New Orleans. Had the best Gumbo in town and Shrimp Po-Boy the first time. We repeated the feat while adding the Turtle Soup the 2nd time. Wow! Will definitely return the next time we visit NoLa.Went for a late lunch yesterday with my mom. I was surprised at how small the space was but the atmosphere was great. The staff was very nice and helpful. We shared a salad and the bbq shrimp poboy. The salad was super fresh and the homemade dressing was delicious! The poboy was so good! It was stuffed with so much shrimp and the sauce was incredible. Will definitely be back to this spot!Great local joint with an amazing BBQ shrimp po-boy. Intimate space with casual interior. Looks like a regular bar crowd has a good time hanging out here. Lots of fried and filling options on the menu with cold beer and a tasty Bloody Mary.Best Gumbo I've ever eaten....and I don't like Gumbo!  Worth a special trip! Love this place!I'm going to be nice and give three stars since we only tried a few things on the menu so maybe I'd be more impressed if I tried the gumbo or the etouffee. However, I had the much-lauded BBQ shrimp poboy, which I thought was an epic fail. It wasn't offensive or anything, it just tasted like absolutely nothing; no lemon, no pepper, no garlic, nothing. Perhaps I am spoiled because my husband is a chef and he makes a damn fine rendition of BBQ shrimp but I thought this was an utter waste of $15. I had a bite of the husband's oyster poboy, which was fine, but didn't distinguish itself from other oyster poboys around the city that do not cost $14.95.  Regular and sweet potato fries were good and served in generous portions. Chocolate torte was dry and forgettable. Service was friendly.Great bar, great beer (get the amber) great food. Simple, fast New Orleans food like you'd have gotten at your neighborhood bar anytime over the last 40 years or more. Great po-boys, fantastic drippy roast beef, and wonderful gumbo.
mmm... wash it all down with the largest glass of iced tea you've ever seen...Luizza's has been a stop for my family for the past 14 years. Without question it is the best BBQ shrimp I have ever had (and that's saying something). The bloody Mary's are to-die-for. My husband and I just stopped by and loved the BBQ shrimp poboy, garlic oyster poboy, red beans and rice, and gumbo. The service was stupendous as usual. The spicing is so unique (first time tasting the gumbo, somehow!), and I can honestly say some of my favorite meals of my life have come from this place. DO NOT miss it!This place had more character than many of the other restaurants/bars that we stopped in during our trip.  A couple of friends recommended this place because of the amazing po-boys, and it seemed to be a great decision.  Though I didn't get a po-boy, friends got the shrimp po-boy and many got the gumbo- and they raved about it.  I loved that this place seemed a bit off of the beaten track and a bit diver, and all of the people who stopped in seemed to be locals enjoying good food and drinks at the bar.  I think the wait staff was a bit annoyed with our group- we were a group of 6 on NYE who stopped in an hour before closing- and they were a bit standoffish, though I completely understand.  I would definitely recommend this local joint to any out-of-towner (or even any local) to stop in for some good local food and drink.Just amazing. Great gumbo, service was excellent. Highly recommend.Best meal thus far in NOLA: large gumbo and a GIANT plate of peel n eat BBQ shrimp. Absolute heaven.Went back to one of my old haunts recently for gumbo and half poboy and yes Liuzza's is still very good. The gumbo is not as strong as it used to be but the poboys are some of the best in the city. Always served in hot toasted french bread the garlic oyster, bbq shrimp and the roast beef are my favorites. The also have great soup options and one of the best reubens you can get. I dont work at the track anymore but this is still one of my favorites and has been for a long time.Lucked into this gem as we were searching for a place to eat lunch. So very glad we did. I had the BBQ shrimp po-boy. Not the normal bbq that one would think but very tasty. My wife had the breathtaking roast beef po-boy. Another great choice. Do yourself a favor and visit this restaurant.I like it's humbleness...
The food was amazing and not pretentious. A bit of real New Orleans that hasn't gotten too hipster...Best overall meal on a recent NOLA visit.  BBQ shrimp were the best of the trip! Not much from the outside but don't let that fool you. Worth the trip. Should have gone twice.i love the bbq shrimp poboy so much that i came back to san francisco and figured out how to make it myself. mine's not the same though, it's missing the atmosphere and video poker. (fancy pantsers - this is not a fancy pants place. it's homey and gritty and just the way i like it. you want fancy? try august or somefin.)Good Good Stuff.  The Gumbo was delicious.  The Sweet Potato fries were off the chain!!!  The po boys are pretty good too.  BBQ shrimp po boy is dripping wet with buttery peppery shrimp doused in sauce.  Hope you like it saucy and you may need a bib.  Gotta love some nola food.A local joint with exceptional food. Nothing fancy about this NOLA legend...floor is cracked, door won't open all the way, but the food is outstanding. Creole gumbo is perfectly seasoned. Shrimp Remoulade has great sauce, and their specialty BBQ Shrimp PoBoy is amazingly delicious. Service is friendly and efficient. If you walk in and all tables are full then you wait outside. No extra room in this little gem. Loved the whole experience.When we first got here at 1:00 pm I thought the wait would not take long. Fast forward to 2:10 pm and I'm about to pass out!  Small place. Not good for groups. So shrimp remoulade is pretty good. Not the best but good. 
Ok now it's 2.I recently moved from uptown to midcity. Last night we decided to try out Luizza's and... oh man did it put me at ease. Now, I feel like I really live in midcity. 
As soon as I walked in, one of my friends already made himself at home and was chattin it up with the bartender. Then, a nice friendly man, Jimmy came up to all us asking what are names were and welcoming us.  He cracked jokes with us all night, bought a round of drink. goood times...I think he was the owner, but he could also be the manager?  I'll figure that out in time.. 
Anywho, the best part of the night was there was freeee fried chicken in spirit of the Saint's Game. Food I think may be the key to my heart haha..Not to mention the Tv was a pretty good size and we were all able to sit at the bar. 
It only took one night for me to feel like a local/regular at this bar. Highly recommend everyone try it out..I can't wait to try out their reubans, heard they are awesome..One of my favorite stops in town is slipping. The gumbo is getting very hit or miss. The last two times once it was old and the next time it was too fresh as it had not had time to cook all the way which left it pretty much warm water. 
The reuben was pretty good but a little expensive considering it doesn't come with a side item. Overall I hate the fact that this place is really starting to get that tourist feel that I hate. The two best and most consistent things on the menu are the garlic oyster poboy and the HUGE BBQ shrimp poboy. 
I hate to lose which was once one of my favorite gumbo haunts, seems like I will have to find a new one.Finally got the gumbo I've been craving during my NOLA trip!  Delicious! Safe neighborhood. Extremely friendly staff!Truly as good as it gets!  Great service, a frosty Abita amber and the shrimp po'boy is off the hook!  The gumbo is the real deal.  Please note that a "cup" of gumbo is really a bowl and a "bowl" is a meal.  No trip to NOLA would be complete without a stop at Liuzza's by the track!We stopped here on our way to Jazz fest and their Bloody Mary's are fantastic. They add olives and these pickled green beans that are delicious. We, obviously, ordered doubles, and they get you sufficiently tipsy while you wait in the line to get into Jazz Fest. The lines in the bar are pretty long, but they move quickly as they have jugs of the Bloody Mary mix already ready to go, just add Vodka. These are delicious and spicy and definitely worth it. Bring Cash!Liuzza's is easily in the top three Gumbo and Po-Boy places in New Orleans. I have been to Liuzza's several times and order gumbo, po-boys, turtle soup, and other things, and I've never received a bad meal. As other reviewers have stated, the shrimp po-boy is the one to get. The best part of Liuzza's is that it isn't pretentious, this is a down-home restaurant that might get crowded and you might have trouble finding parking, but the food is worth it!This was the best po boy ever!!! The BBQ shrimp po boy is not the typical New Orleans style BBQ shrimp. This version is a delicious butter and pepper mixture. The French bread is soggy with the inside hollowed out and shrimp stuffed to the bottom. In a word it is simply delicious!!! No sides are needed, as this sandwich alone is big enough to keep you full all day. Friendly staff and flavorful gumbo, what more do you need!Best shrimp EVER.  Local food, can't even begin to explain how good this was!!!!  Just do it!It had been a long time since I've eaten on a non-Jazz Fest day. Place was still packed tho!
My memories of this place must have inspired by what I had been drinking and smoking at Jazz Fest prior to stopping by here on my way from the Fairgrounds to my car. So I'll keep it short and sweet.
DRINKS: overpriced and small
FOOD: the fried seafood salad actually looked pretty damned good ! but alas, whatever the hell they are serving for balsamic vinaigrette was the worst salad dressing ever! it completely ruined the meal for me. 
Seriously doubt I'll be back, except for a drink on the way to my car after Jazz Fest...This was probably my favorite lunch spot this trip in NOLA. They're famous for the BBQ shrimp po boy which I ordered and loved but be forewarned this is not your traditional po boy. The BBQ is a thin tangy sauce; almost a little soupy but very good. The sandwhich doesn't come dressed and wouldn't work well with the sauce.
The gumbo is very good. They sautee fresh shrimp for each batch they serve. It's a little thinner than your traditional gumbo but very tasty.
Service was great and located right next to the horse track. Loved this place.Was in New Orleans for the weekend,look and look for a great place to eat,thanks to the reviews decided to go in here and it was great,love it good food,good price excellent service.A Nola must stop! 
My favorite is the BBQ Shrimp! Words cannot describe the flavor! You just have to try it for yourself! 
The sweet tea is sugarlaide 
This place is a local "watering hole" very unique. Once you go once you'll have to come back time and time again!What a fabulous meal! My girlfriend and i both ordered the gumbo, delicious! She also ordered a shrimp po'boy and i ordered the grilled chicken sandwich. Fantastic meal, awesome service. I would recommend this place to anyone!!!the bbq is not bbq sauce, but it is very good.  had to ask for more bread to soak it all up.  seemed to be a local place.  also, got the almond (?) crusted duck app.  it was good, had look and texture of store bought, but the asian sweet and sour sauce with it was good.  gumbo was meaty and good as well.This restaurant is a New Orleans Classic.
It has the New Orleans feel when you walk in and the flavor accompanies that feel! Family owned and operated, this is one of my favorite lunch spots in the city. Be sure to try some Eggplant Parmesan and a Hot Shrimp Sandwich. Walk over to the Fairgrinds Coffee House and then to the park! Great place to eat.Excellent shrimp "po boy" in a savory, flavorful sauce.  Despite coming in an hour before closing, we got excellent service.When I was planning this trip a friend of mine who comes to N.O. at least once a year said to hit this place up. Since I went to Jazz Fest I was in the fair grounds which are only two block from Liuzza's it was a natural after Fest spot. Now it looked like they only had a limited menu for the Fest but it was great. We got the gumbo and BBQ shrimp po'boy. I gulped down the gumbo and polished off what was left of the po'boy. I also ordered a Bloody Mary on recommendation as well which was good. Not the best I've ever had but def. refreshing after a hot day in NOLA. Love that it's located right in the neighborhood and seems like a cool local spot. Defiantly going to be a place I'll hit again when I return.If you're looking for the legit New Orleans neighborhood bar and grill experience, this is it. Great food, cheap beer, and bar tenders with a little spunk. Always a great stop when I'm in town. 
If you want fancy and white linen this ain't it. If you want to enjoy what really makes NOLA what it is, then look no further. 
The locals know and now you do too.I'd the best shrimp sandwich ever, and would definitely recommend it, if you haven't tried it already. With a strong peber flavour, but not too spicy.I always try to go local and this place seems to be just that. The waitress with the attitude didn't bother me, neither did the bar full of regulars watching Jeopardy really loud on the big screen...and I was amazed these drunks knew so many right answers...I guess hanging in a bar every day pays off sometimes :-) what I didn't like was the gumbo had too much of a tomato base. Don't get me wrong, I liked it but I grew up in south Louisiana and the darker the rue the better, this just wasn't like mamma used to make. I ordered half a roast beef po-boy, the gumbo and an Abita and enjoyed every bite, but I guess I expected more from the gumbo. I'd send a friend and would return but I'd order something besides the gumbo next time.Boy, do I miss this place..................(drool) I am just dreaming of their bbq shrimp po boy.  If you vist this great city, do not, I repeat DO NOT miss this po boy.  Your taste buds will come alive with heat.  
Great little bar with some tasty bloody mary's too.Stopped by for lunch today and had my usual. Fried shrimp or oyster poboy with a cub of Gumbo. I must say the Gumbo is really good. Its a little different from what my mom an dad would consider creole but no tow Gumbos are alike. This one though has a great flavor. They fry their seafood to perfection and just another trendy New Orleans dive.Got the famous BBQ Shrimp Po Boy and Gumbo. Both were just okay. I loved the idea of the Po Boy served in a hollowed out baguette and smothered in sauce. The flavor was good but it was definitely way too salty. I was sad. I really wanted to like it but I got full from drinking a mouthful of water after every bite... Will I return? Maybe, but I won't be getting their signature dish.The first thing I ate during my first time in New Orleans was the BBQ shrimp po boy! It lived up to the hype! This place rages during Jazz Fest. It was so much fun! Can not wait to come back every year!!!I've been here a couple of times and find myself thinking of it more and more often, particularly when I have out-of-town guests.  Casual, relaxed atmosphere and solid, reliable food.  The BBQ shrimp po boy, loaded with shrimp, and the gumbo are among my faves.Stopped in tonight for dinner. If I could give it 3.5 stars I would.
We started with the gumbo which was the lowlight of the meal. It was rather forgettable for everyone at the table.
With our resident chicken finger and french fry experts in tow, I was pleasantly surprised by some of the best chicken fingers we've found on a kids menu. They definitely weren't from a freezer bag - nice and juicy.
The BBQ shrimp po-boy is what we came for and it did not disappoint. If a po-boy can be decadant, this absolutely is with a rich sauce. I enjoyed every bite but absolutely could not finish. We'll find out how it is as leftovers tomorrow.I've been to New Orleans a few times, and honestly have never been impressed by the food. This was a do-or-die trip where if I didn't find delicious things, I didn't plan on coming back to the city. 
Liuzza's was a game changer. I just remember my friends sitting back and laughing because the food was THAT good. We had several of the dishes, with the crawfish etouffee being the most notable. The Reuben was also delicious- the girl who said she didn't particularly care for Reubens was the one who ate the most of it. Some of the dishes had shrimp, fresh and perfectly cooked. 
The restaurant's a little out of the way if you're staying around the French Quarter, but well worth the cab ride. It's nothing fancy, just the kind of place that's there to welcome you and serve amazing food, not wow you with frou frou decor.We had a local friend take us to this little hole in the wall and WOW! We ordered the gumbo that was full of meats and seasoning. We also couldn't resist the chance to try the barbecued shrimp. Holy moly! The buttery gravy was over the top, get your spoon, heaven in your mouth. This was our first stop in NOLA so the bar was set high. Service was a bit lacking but we made it through that part with the flavor of New Orleans. Great local place off the beat and path.Came after local recommended this place and so happy we did! The gumbo is incredible, the bbq shrimp is like a mecca of shrimp scampi garlic fabulousness, and the Bloody Mary is great! Definitely share the bbq shrimp unless you have a football player type appetite. Also, got some fries -- fresh cut -- and remoulade to dip them in, which was awesome. Definitely worth a visit to this neighborhood place!This is the definition of a New Orleans neighborhood joint.  Liuzza's serves one of the best shrimp Po'Boys in the city (they literally DRILL a hole in the middle of an uncut French roll and stuff it with spicy grilled shrimp).  They also once served the best reubens I've ever had in my life, but I believe their menu has changed a little bit after the storm.  Most of Liuzza's classics can still be found on the menu, including the huge, drippy Roast Beef, the gumbo, and the frozen root beer.  
Liuzza's is packed around Jazz Fest, and still remains my favorite stop after a jammin' day at the Fairgrounds.  I would highly recommend any visitors looking for some local flavor to venture out to Mid-City and get a true taste of the city.The gumbo was great! However BBQ shrimp was just okay (BUT I am spoiled by Slice's BBQ shrimp mmm). They do not clean the shrimp, which is not a big deal but I don't care for it . 
The slaw was decent, needs more vinegar and less mayo but that is a personal preference. Fried shrimp is also good.Amazing Bloody Mary's!!  Delicious!
Place is iconic to New Orleans.Visiting New Orleans and trying to get away from the French Quarter we made it out to City Park. Along the way we wandered the lovely Mid-City neighborhood and stopped in for a quick lunch, following our noses. We were happy to have done so.
Drawn in by the jazz festival mural out front we looked closely at the specials board including turtle soup and a softshell crab po' boy. Quickly ordering a bloody mary from the almost instant water glass delivery we happily perused the menu while lively conversations at the bar provided a calming backdrop in the very welcome air conditioning.
Following up what turned out to be the best bloody mary I found in our entire stay with the special crab po' boy and a bowl of the gumbo we could only have been happier had I followed the waitress' suggestion and ordered half a sandwich. But that's an inconsequential complaint that would have saved only minor "I can't believe I ate the whole thing" issues. Because I did. I finished every bite of the perfectly fried and seasoned crabs (one on each half) on my enormous, gorgeously dressed po' boy. Crunchy and hot, mixed with beautifully red tomato slices and nary a spot of browned lettuce, not too much mayo, and some delicious pickles, I couldn't help eating it all. The bloody mary was less spicy than I might have really loved but far better seasoned than any other I had in the Big Easy; none of the "vodka with a splash of red and token olive & green bean" here. Gumbo? Delicious as well, with perfectly done shrimp and roux (no okra here) and left us wishing for more the remainder of the trip. Ordering the fries rather than the special sweet potato variety was a mistake that became obvious only once they were delivered; despite their excellent quality it was just too much food on the table and more than half the plate went to waste. 
We left more full than we might have liked but very pleasantly fueled for our meander through City Park. Liuzza's is a fantastic spot well worth the streetcar, cab ride, or long walk.I love this place I have been here twice for lunch and have had excellent service. The place is a small corner local pub but they know how to cook! The kitchen is small so don't expect McDonalds fast food service but all things considering home cooked food in under 10 is awesome. You wont leave hungry!An excellent if hidden place. Their gumbo is delicious and filling. Don't let the appearance fool you.I am a big fan of hole in the wall restautants and this place is the Epitome of that type of neighborhood restaurant. Very small with a bar and few tables this establishment is located very close to the racetrack (hence the name by the track). Liuzza's is decorated with old pics of the racetrack and pics of Jazzfest.
While entering Liuzza's couldnt help but notice two NO police cars  right outside, a good sign if the police force eat's there it's gotta be good.
My partner and I opted for the half soup half Po-boy special with the soup of the day being either Mushroom Bisque or Gumbo. Since I had heard about their gumbo I ordered a shrimp po-boy with gumbo and my partner ordered a Breath Taking beef po-boy and mushroom bisque. When our orders came I couldnt help but notice that our soup cups were the size of a soup bowl in most restaurants. Although I am not a big fan of tomato based roux my gumbo had wonderfull flavor and plenty of shrimp, sausage and chicken. My partners mushroom bisque had exquisite flavor and more than one type of mushroom. My partner asked for some of their nostril searing horseradish on the side for her po-boy and it was spicy good! There was ample portion of shrimp on my po-boy and the Liedenhiemer bread was great. Although I did not order a side of fries I noticed the tables next to ours order and their was enough for two on the plate. 
I have been looking for good outta the way neighborhood restaurants in New Orleans and Metairie recently with the results being hit and miss. Liuzza's was definately a hit and I hope to return again real soon.
Note; I think Billy put his foot in my gumbo! lol  you can tell that he cooks with lotsa love and definately left his mark.I came up on the streets of midcity and I know my way around a shell fish.  Liuzza's has hands down the best shrimp po'boy in New Orleans.  Nothing compares to that bbq shrimp.  I only wish it were open later for dinner.Excellent turtle soup which was a special. The garlic oyster poboy was very good. Nice neighborhood restaurant-bar. The service was very good as well.  Will definitely go back !Been here twice so far.  Nothing so mind-blowing that I'm ever in a hurry to return and I'm rarely in that neck of the 'hood.
The much-lauded shrimp bbq po boy: I'm not feeling it.  The one I was served was low on shrimp and I don't know if they normally come dressed but I wasn't asked that day and got nothing on it at all as a result.  Which just made the inadequate number (and unimpressive size) of the shrimps more obvious.  Oh, and word to the visitor: "bbq shrimp" in New Orleans does not have anything to do with what you think bbq does.  It's closer to scampi (but not): butter, garlic, and pepper sauce is the best way I can think to describe it.  It's a pretty pricey sandwich for what you get.  Or what I got.  And the other two people at my table who ordered the same thing.
But then yesterday?  Did the half a po' boy and soup deal.  Went with garlic fried oyster sandwich (fully dressed - they asked this time), and the oysters Rockefeller soup.  The soup was great.  The po' boy, much better than my previous experience, but both times I was turned off by the size of the roll and it's toasted-top state.  Just not my thing.My favorite poboys in the city. No contest.
I have fond memories the first time I was here of the sausage poboy, and recently had the fried oysters and the barbecued shrimp. The gumbo is top notch, and the sandwiches were mind-blowingly good. The barbecue shrimp was peppery, fresh, and had no shrimpy taste. They did not skimp on the shrimp either. The oysters were fried in cornmeal and dressed to perfection. Mm.Ok the atmosphere (think old new orleans neighborhood bar times 2) is a keeper.  The food was pretty hit and miss.  Good, spicy, sausage/shrimp filled gumbo, maw maw style homemade fries, pretty good fried shrimp, and a really plain (avoid) roast beef poboy.  Get a brewski and a gumbo and you'll be goodHubby and I came here for lunch back in October ... drove straight from the airport and got our yummy fix of poboy and a bowl of gumbo.
The po boy had nice crusty bread, and the shrimp and oyster were dredged in flavorful breading.  The gumbo had shrimp, sausage, and chicken.  The broth is thinner than what I'm familiar with but the dark roux gave it a nice, deep flavor.
Hubby had a cold mug of Abita and we're off to a great start to our trip!
Service was courteous and friendly!Just amazing.  Some of the best Gumbo in New Orleans.  That's all that one really needs to know!Walked here with my sister from our Air BnB place to avail ourselves of a non-touristy creole restaurant.  Had a fantastic lunch.  She ordered a bowl of gumbo, and I ordered one of the specials, a softshell crab poboy, dressed.  We ordered sweet potato fries for the table.
Her gumbo came out first and our waitress apologized for the delay with my poboy and offered me a cup of the gumbo while I waited.  In Jersey, where I'm going to school, the most you'd get in a situation like that would be a "your poboy will be out in a bit" as the waitress walked away, so I was pretty surprised at the generous offer.  I gladly accepted, though, as the gumbo looked delicious.  It was.  The fries were amazing as well.  The poboy wasn't godlike or anything, but it was very, very good.  The portions, including the drinks, were huge, and as we were finishing up, the busboy filled my soda back up to the level that my sister's was at, so we finished up around the same time.  I thought that was a nice touch.
10/10 gumbo, 9/10 pobody, 10/10 service, and reasonably priced for New Orleans.  Atmosphere is that of a nice, bright, local place.  Not divey at all, not too loud.  Would visit again if we were here for longer.L-B-T-T is one of my go-to spots when I'm bringing tourists around town, especially if they're on a budget: it's one of those neighborhood-gold places that don't get the tourist traffic that many inferior places do in the French Quarter.   
It's also on my short list of places to have a drink and a bite when I'm at loose ends.   Which I am from time to time, in spite of being in such high demand.  Ahem.  I digress.
The barbecue shrimp po-boy is one of those things you absolutely have to try.  (They should do the same sauce with chicken: it's pretty versatile.)    Big frosty glasses of beer: get one or two to go with it.
The other po-boys are solid, if unexceptional.  But the gumbo is very good: thick and smoky.  Could be meatier, and I wouldn't object to the odd oyster and a few more shrimp, or even a forlorn crab holding out a claw as if to say, "Save me: I have a wife and children," but I quibble.
There are one or two entrees that knock it out of the park: there's some sort of barbecued shrimp platter that I had once... I disgraced myself by planting my face in the sauce and licking the plate.  You know how you do.  The bartender silently handed me a piece of french bread, which I used to wipe my face so as not to miss any of that magical sauce.
Anyway, I'm a fan.
They can do things for kids, and they definitely don't object to kids; but the atmosphere is one of those neighborhood half-bar-half-restaurant places that cropped up when everybody wore hats and smoked, and it is, as the name says, by the track.  Which is to say, kids will be fine but might be bored there.  It's designed for big folks.
The bar is good.  I'm not a Bloody Mary drinker, but I'm told they do a solid one.  And they're the premier Jazz Fest pre-party spot.Mmmmm,
What else is there to say? Well it's been years since I've been to this establishment and it's just as I remembered. For starters we went with the delicious bowl of gumbo. It was spicy and filled with chicken, sausage, and shrimp. I certainly could've licked the bowl clean. Next I had a fried shrimp poboy, dressed and overstuffed on the finest Leidenheimer French bread. My husband went for a fried shrimp platter. He's a healthy eater and he needed a to-go box for leftovers. The cole slaw was cold and crunchy and perfect as a side with the fried shrimp. The French fries are "real" (as the menu states) and fresh cut. Fantastic quality will always bring me back to a place to try the rest of what the menu offers. Rest assured I will be back. They have a good jukebox selection too, lots of local music, jazz, and blues.Soft shell crab po'boy.
Snapper turtle soup.
Abita on tap, in goblets.
Today was a most excellent day in New Orleans.Solid service. Definitely a locals joint. One of the guys that works there kind of looks like Spock from star trek. When you take your first bite of the gumbo you can smell and taste the delicious fresh herbs and ingredients. Best gumbo on the planet!I first came to Liuzza's by the Track in 2005. I was visiting from Jacksonville and was not used to establishments where incredible food was served out of what appeared to be rundown shacks or old corner bars. With Liuzza's, being of the latter variety, it was love at first reuben bite. 
Since then, anytime I've been in New Orleans and someone says, "where should we eat?", Liuzza's is ALWAYS the first place to flash across my mind. Because I want that reuben. Bad.
I took my mother and sister there to eat lunch yesterday and was met with a potential disaster: they were out of corned beef. At a loss, I took our server's advice to try the signature BBQ shrimp. It's been photographed and talked about a lot --French bread stuffed full of garlicky delicious boiled shrimp. Don't think thick, red Heinz bbq sauce; this is New Orleans bbq. Thin, transparent and awesome. And it was indeed awesome. The food there is really good. 
We also had the crab cake, served with thick garlic bread (the best my mom has ever had, she claims) and the gumbo. We were all jealous of the plate of red beans set in front of a woman at the next table. 
Yesterday the dining room/bar's 10 or so tables were nearly full with families, some office lunch-timers and a group of young men sporting cowboy boots and scrub shirts. 
Our server was female and very sweet but in a no-nonsense sorta way. She did not apologize about being out of corned beef. And why should she? You're just gonna have to order something else. And like it.Liuzza's is a 5 Star dive.
We decided to stop in on the way back from some plantation tours that we did outside of town.  This place is a cab ride away from where most visitors stay, but we had a rental car for the day.
I had the gumbo, which had a lighter (in color and body) broth than the other gumbos that I had before.  I'm pretty sure that they use kielbasa instead of andouille.  Regardless, the gumbo is very good.  
For the main part of our lunches, I had the garlic oyster po boy and my wife had the signiture BBQ Shrimp Po Boy and sweet fries.  I loved my choice:  It was stuffed with deep fried oysters that had been basted with garlic butter.  DELICIOUS!!  
I loved my wife's choice as much as I loved what I had.  I'm not sure what they make their BBQ sauce on the shrimp po boy from, but it is addictive.  (Maybe it includes worcestershire, butter and black pepper?)  We sopped up the sauce with sweet fries once the bread was all gone.  
This place is a total dive with really good, unique food and very friendly service.  Clientele looked like a mix of locals with a few other tourists beside us.  Loved it.Kitchen closes at 7PM now. I stopped in on the way home at 6:50 on a friday. Got Po Boy, bread was stale, pricey $14. The bread made the soft shell crab a waste on a sandwich. Bread was so dry and just turned to crumbs when held. Too dry to eat and ruined the crab. Total tab was $20 with tip. For a local place and a poor sandwich it was way too pricey. As I sat and ate many people were turned away as the kitchen closed. A lot of disappointed people went to a crowded Santa Fee a short walk up the street. I should have too. Sad as my memory of the food here is nostalgic but not again. No poboy should be served on stale french bread, it is a code violation in this city.I love this neighborhood. So many quaint, delicious little joints packed right in there. Liuzza's garlic oyster poboy is my favorite thing to get, along with the tomato bisque when they have it. Waitstaff is always friendly and welcoming. Gumbo is underwhelming so I shy away from it. BBQ shrimp poboy (their signature) is decent enough.I used to love this place but it's become VERY inconsistent. I would recommend lunch but don't go in 2 hours before closing or on a Sunday after 5 because they are closed on Monday and everything seems to be in the freezer ... Which they will halfway thaw and serve to you anyway .... Especially if it's to go .... Very disappointingStopped by for the first time while on vacation last week and loved it. Small, friendly local place, had a great time chatting with the staff & locals during our meal. 
I had the roast beef po' boy & my husband had a shrimp / garlic oyster po' boy with fries. Everything was fresh, juicy & delicious. We both had the most amazing Bloody Marys, the best I have ever had!
This is absolutely on our return to list for future visits to NOLA.Ordered the Oyster Plate, the tartar sauce was fresh, fried oysters had a great flavor, would have preferred the green beans being served hot but they tasted great.   The only thing wasn't huge fan of was the fries, they were nothing special.   But great job guys definitely be back.I read all the reviews before going so I new I wanted to try the barbecue shrimp po-boy that many described more as shrimp scampi. So yes, it was more like a lemon garlic butter sauce but the problem with it was the insane amount of salt. It was almost inedible and not worth 15 bucks. The fried oyster po-boy with garlic, by contrast, lacked garlic and salt.  The best was probably the soft shelled crab....but all in all the service was just ok, and there are too many better places for a po-boy that are cheaper.We just tried 2 kind of PoBoy and the signature dish. The food was good, the service was ok. The restroom were not too clean.  In simple words I will come back if and when I am in this neighborhood.This is one of my favorite restaurants in the entire city. It is definitely a dive, but the food is absolutely incredible.
I was there for lunch on Friday and started with a bowl of their gumbo. One of the best in New Orleans -- delicious. On this visit, I had the garlic oyster po-boy, which was great. I really enjoyed it.
The hands-down best thing on the menu is the Barbecue Shrimp Po-boy. it is simply divine. The bread is hollowed out and filled with the shrimp and butter sauce, which spill out of the sandwich and fill the entire plate. The shrimp are succulent and the sauce is heavenly. This is easily my favorite sandwich in the entire world. (I keep a picture of this on my phone so that I can tell people about it... it's THAT good!)We went there the weekend before Mardi Gras, and the service was great, but the prices seem to have gone up, and the portions were really disappointing. I'm wondering if they were starting to run out of food there, because the po-boys we had were so small that I  took the shrimp and dressing out of one half and put it in the other half, and I still didn't have much of a sandwich.
I think we will try it once more after Mardi Gras, but, at $14 - $16 per sandwich, they won't get too many more chances.Bloody Mary.  Perhaps that is all that I have ever had at Liuzza's.  It is ritual for me each time I make my way to the city for Jazz Fest.  I know that when you are so close to the track, it is hard NOT to stop here, get a beverage, and smile in the webcam prior to waltzing second line style to the wailing tunes floating all through the Fairgrounds.  
Nothing fancy here.  Just a good place to meet up and have a nice chat with a friend or two for years...nicely tucked into the uptown nuveau riche palaces.Good poboys, they are generous portions and good quality ingredients. We had the fried oyster, fried catfish, shrimp poboys- all really tasty. I also tried their chicken salad which was fresh and regular and their excellent gumbo- I actually liked their gumbo more than the poboys, but I guess I ate it too fast to take a picture. Prices are moderate so it adds up to a higher rating. RecommendThis was quite the find,  it doesn't look like much from the outside but the food was delicious. I had a bowl of  gumbo and a bbq  shrimp poboy  and it was very tasty!!  A little pricey for a sandwich, $15.95,   but it was well worth it.Walked to Liuzza's after taking streetcar to City Park.  It's a few blocks from the park.    I went there for a late lunch.   The place is small so it still looked busy although the total number of people there was not that great.  I had the half sandwich/cup of soup combo and selected an oyster poboy and gumbo.   All I can say is Yumm.   The oysters are fried with a very light crispy coating that doesn't overwhelm the oyster.  This is the kind of sandwich every out of towner needs to experience while in NOLA.Okay, four stars for the gumbo. It was amazing. As for the signature BBQ Shrimp Poboy, eh, okay but not so much. A lot of shrimp for sure (I got mine to go) probably a pound in a margarine based sauce. But not much bread and not much other flavor and seriously $14 for a sandwich? We don't pay that much in SF, Geez. Four stars because based on the $8 bowl of gumbo we learned a lot about how to make gumbo.Loved every bite of my shrimp poboy and seafood platter.Great poboys in a true southern environment.  Quick, reasonably priced and satisfying.Super great Cajun food. We went here first to try the creole gumbo and shrimp pi boy. It definitely hit the spot. It's super small so don't expect fine dining here. It's the perfect place for people looking for the local experience though!! Thoroughly enjoyed it :)Best Bloody Mary's, White Russians, & Daquiri's!
If you're attending Jazzfest, you'll no doubt, pass this place.  It's like a big after party where ppl are still continuing to pass on good vibes and stay out.  I only walked through here after each day, but there were tons of ppl around.
If you totally want a good pre-funk & have a place to go, come here where they are quite generous with their pours.  Get the mango daquiri...they are super delicious!  For an extra $1, they pour Meyers Rum on the top...for extra umph.Get the BBQ Shrimp Po Boy. 
Nothin bbq about it. sweet, buttery, peppery, garlicy sauteed shrimp in a crusty french bread hoagie.
Great!First trip to Liuzza's? Tip: Don't bother with the rest of the menu, just get the BBQ Shrimp Po-Boy. Everyone on Yelp seems to complain about the quality/value/consistency of just about everything else. The BBQ Shrimp Po-Boy, though? Amazing. 
I really can't judge the rest of the menu, because I've never had anything else. I could live off of that sauce. Lemon, pepper, perfection. Really, just give me some bread and sauce, and I don't even need the shrimp, as delicious as they are.
Service seems to be hit or miss, depending on how busy they are. The servers are awesome, but seemingly overwhelmed quite often.can I say AMAZING!!! Bbq shrimp and garlic po boy so good!!! So good you can lick your plate!!When the waiter brought out the plate, it looked like fried art to me. I had the shrimp plate, which is friend shrimp, fries, and french bread (basically a poboy without the sauce). The shrimp tasted very fresh, and despite being fried, wasn't greazy or overly breaded. A low-key joint that is frequented by locals and off the tourist track. Friendly, prompt service too!Places like Liuzza's embody what charms me about New Orleans. It feels like real local flavor and tradition, not twisted and hyped to satisfy tourist expectations. Fried Green Tomatoes topped with Shrimp Remoulade were good, but simple Fried Pickle Chips were even better. Red Beans and Rice tasted exactly and precisely the way you'd expect. A Roast Beef Po Boy was fabulous. The Veal Parmesan was solid but unspectacular. Service was charming and thick with the local accent. All in all a solid win!Oh Liuzza's, you make me so happy. This is hands-down my favorite place for gumbo in NOLA. It has a creamy, very rich taste to it. Throw some Crystal hot sauce in and sheer perfection.
BBQ Shrimp pistolette is also yummy. I only take bites of others because I prefer my giant bowl of gumbo. 
Go with 1 friend only, sit at the bar, get an ice-cold beer, gumbo and enjoy the noisy, busy Faubourg St. John neighborhood spot.This was the best meal I had while in New Orleans. It's off the beaten path, real home food. Their BBQ sauce should be bottled and sold. Lemon, pepper butter. We literally ate it with a spoon. Great atmosphere,  nice staff. If you're in the area, stop in and get the best food around!I would actually give this place 3 and a half stars if Yelp and my girly would allow it.
Walking into this place, we were both surprised at just how small it is. 5 tables or so and a bar and that's about it. Nice and comfortable without feeling hokey. 
The waitress/bartender greeted us when we sat down and a young guy brought us our silverware and took our drink order.  Btw..drink glasses are HUGE. 
Like many of the earlier reviews that were less than stellar, I ordered the bbq shrimp po boy. The girly ordered the garlic oyster po boy. 
We got an order of fries and some potato salad.
My shrimp po boy was overstuffed to the point that the entire plate was pretty much covered with what they didn't manage to shove into the pistolette. The flavor was subtle but good. The sauce when mixed with the shrimp and the bread was quite nice. The problem was the shrimps were gritty as heck. I mean really gritty. To the point where I had to leave about half the shrimp. There was also shell pieces stuffed up in the bread. I'd give this a 2 if asked. at 15 bucks a shot, it was very disappointing. 
The fries were quite good and plentiful. For a menu price of 2.95, they are more than worth it.
The potato salad wasn't too bad. A bit too heavy on the mustard but generally good.
Now...the star of the meal was the garlic oyster po boy. BIG...garlicy...DAMNED TASTY. I almost mugged my own girly for hers.
When the bartender/waitress asked how things were, I was polite but honest. She understood since she doesn't like grit either and comped the fries just to be nice. She also offered me a slice of key lime pie to make up for it. THAT, my friends, is taking care of the customer.
I do think the prices have gotten a bit out of hand but I think we'd still go back and maybe split a garlic oyster po boy and some fries.Wow! Best Bloody Mary I have ever had!  They have plenty of pepper, Cajun Chef Spicy Beans, Salty Olives... awesome!!!! The BBQ Shrimp PoBoy was great.  Ended up here right as Jazz Fest was ending.  They were completely on top of their game.  The place was flooded with people and I never waited for anything.  I ordered a PoBoy, they handed it to me... a Bloody Mary, in my hand.  Great!One of the best gunbo's in the city served with a great shrimp or oyster poboy. Something truly New Orleans about this place.  My stop before work on Starlight Friday's at the Fair Grounds.Great bloody mary! Casual joint of a beautiful street and in an old nola neighborhood!Ahhh how I miss Liuzza's.  Their gumbo is what I judge all others by and nothing has even come close...every time I find myself back home I have to go here and grab a bite...awesome place.Delicious food. Gumbo is consistently delicious. And, the garlic oyster po boy is outta this world. Two thumbs up.Our seven hour drive to nola turned into nine because of traffic and holy hell I needed this place in my life.  Strong martini and best damn po boys fast service sweet bartenders I think the bartender saw the shitty mood I was in and gave me that extra kick in my drink I will love her forever for thatI had heard a lot about the gumbo over at Liuzza's, as well as the BBQ shrimp po boy. So that is what I tried on my recent visit.
It's a rather small place, so I sat at the bar with my friend and enjoyed my meal there.
Gumbo- while it was rather thin, the taste was right on point. It featured the trio of chicken, sausage, and shrimp, which you don't see everyday. And it is set off nicely with a few dashes of Tabasco. They also give you a few small pieces of small french bread for dipping. Gotcha. Nice.
BBQ Shrimp ($14.95) - whooaaa what can I say, their version of BBQ shrimp is 'on point'. If you have read some of the previous reviews, you probably have figured out that it is slightly different than some others. The sauce is thinner and almost clear, and has a nice peppery/garlic taste to it. I sat for a minute and tried to pinpoint to the exact taste, and my friend and I both came to the conclusion that it resembles the taste of white gravy. The consistency is totally different....but the taste very similar. 
Anyway, it is served in a hollowed-out piece of Leidenheimer french bread(the best). Over flowed with big, piping hot plump shrimp. It had to let it cool for a second, but couldn't wait too long; ended up burning my mouth. Oh well, it was worth it. 
I'll leave the rating at 4 stars, but we also ordered fries to split. They were not very good at all. They came out crunchy, and after 3-4 minutes, got soggy all of a sudden. I don't know what kind of chemistry was going on there, but it was quite weird. 
Oh, and the Diet RC cola tastes like ass. But the BBQ shrimp overshadowed that for me. I don't know what I was thinking, I should have ordered a Barq's. Now that would have been a perfect meal.
Go to Liuzza's by the Track...check out the BBQ shrimp Po boy...If you don't like it you are probably a terrorist.Second time Ive visited Liuzza's BTT since my last review. Stopped by today and decided to stretch my wings and try their famous BBQ Shrimp Po-boy.
 Arrived at lunchtime and was quite surprised that the place wasnt very busy. I was told by a fellow patron that they closed for several days after Jazzfest to count their money,lol  What bothered me most was the amount of kitchen smoke in the dining area, a problem Ive notice before but overlooked. My partner and I settled on a BBQ Shrimp, Breathtaking Roast beef , Gumbo and fries.
When my meal arrived I was excited at all the food but was actually let down this time by Liuzza's. The Gumbo was excellent as always but my partner was disappointed that their mushroom bisque was not available that day. I couldnt wait to dig in to my BBQ shrimp which was loaded with shrimp on Liedenhiemer bread in a spicy gravy. What was most disappointing about this trip was the amount of  black pepper on my shrimp po-boy almost a quarter cup of black pepper I kid you not! As much as I wanted to like the BBQ shrimp po-boy at Liuzza's I cant figure out why the put so much damn black pepper on my po-boy.
I was unaware that Billy one of the former owners has not been a part of Liuzza's for quite some time and has opened a place in Mobile. I'll be putting his business on my list next time I'm in Mobile. Sorry guys! you disappointed me this time by spilling so much pepper on what woulda been a great po-boy. Comon Zantac!A decent local place if you live in or happen to be in the area, but its not a place I would recommend traveling to try.  
The BBQ shrimp po boy was not really what I had it mind.  It was tasty, but less of a sandwich and more of a hollowed out bread stuffed with BBQ shrimp concoction that I wasn't really impressed with.  The portion was excellent and it tasted fine, but just not as good as regular BBQ shrimp I have had at other places.  I guess I envisioned something different and when I got what I got, I was disappointed.  We started with the shrimp remoluade and it was fine.
Overall a fine neighborhood spot, and sometimes that is just fine (or A-OK, as the ratings go).After four days in NOLA, my husband and I were about to head out of town, but I wanted to have one last meal before heading to the airport.  We had been quite underwhelmed by several of our dining experiences and only wowed once (at the lovely Dante's Kitchen) and I still hadn't had a po' boy, mostly due to the fact that I don't generally eat lots of fried things.  Thankfully, Yelp did not let us down with Liuzza's.  This one the reviewers got right, unlike some of the other reviews we relied upon to make our dining selections.  We took a cab from our hotel in the French Quarter, bags and all and drove up Esplanade to Lopez to Liuzza's.  Places like this make us want to rent a car for the whole visit next time so it's easier and maybe less expensive (than having to call a cab) to get to places quickly or not on a streetcar line.  If we'd had more time and less luggage, we may have taken the City Park streetcar this way from the St. Charles one.  
Anyway, we arrived right at opening time (11am) and we were not the first people to be seated.   We were #2.  The weather on our trip had been cold, even for December, and the restaurant did not seem adequately heated for this dip in the mercury, plus we chose to sit by the windows near the bar so that we could tuck our suitcases in to the corner.  Our waitress informed me that I could only do the  1/2 sandwich and soup with a fried shrimp or fried oyster po' boy and not with a half of their "signature" BBQ Shrimp Po' Boy, so I subtly (though my husband would disagree) convinced him not to get the catfish po' boy, but to instead split a whole bbq shrimp one with me.  Man was he glad that I convinced him.  
We started with a cup of the Gumbo each.  Yes, it was sort of thin like some other reviews said, but it was HANDS DOWN, the BEST gumbo we had both had.  It was spicy and flavorful and had freshly sauted shrimp, generous chunks of andoullie, clear pieces of onion, green pepper and well-cooked white rice.  I could have eaten a whole bowl if I hadn't been overeating the four previous days of our trip.  We sipped on our giant waters and my husband's Barq's root beer (I mean, I like Barq's as much as the next guy, but why is it soooo ubiquitous in NOLA?) while we waited for the po' boy.  When it came out, we both went "Wow."  It smelled and looked AMAZING.  The little shrimps were piping hot and were pouring out of the slightly crisped on the outside and super soft on the inside French bread.  The garlic lemon pepper bbq sauce was drenching (in a good way, not too much though) the shrimps--it must be a butter based sauce because it felt rich.  We both stuck forks into the first shrimp (remember, they were literally pouring out of the sandwich) and bit into these perfect tender, sweet, salty, spicy hot tiny sea creatures.  We ate the little guys until we could cut the sandwich in half.  I took the butt of the sandwich, which was hollowed out, but not cut open so the little shrimps could nestle into the soft bread.  My husband took a fork and knife (provided for splitting without asking!) to the front end.  We were both super, super happy.  I think the waitress was surprised that we left 3 little shrimps on the plate, but one of them had fallen on the table and the other 2 represented our being too full from the previous days to finish, not that we didn't want to finish.  My husband is not a big eater in terms of portions and if you read my Luke review, you'll now why I had to go easy.  We could not have been more pleased with our Liuzza's experience.  Freshly made DELICIOUS food, cold beer and friendly service (our waitress even seemed to be slightly put off with how deferential we were being--lots of thank yous and apologizing for not finishing--I think she would have liked us to be more curt ).
Liuzza's is clearly an institution in this neighborhood and in NOLA as the place got packed between the time we arrived at 11am and noon.  Folks were driving up in their pickups and parking blocking short driveways to garages to get inside and get their po' boy fixes on lunch breaks on a Monday and meeting up with family after the Christmas holiday.  I want to think that next time I might actually try a po' boy with fried seafood, but I'd be lying.  I just want another cup of gumbo and bbq shrimp po' boy.  Seriously, I'm going to come back to NOLA when it's warmer just for Dante's Kitchen, Liuzza's by the Track, Maple Leaf Bar and to give a few small bars with cocktails as well as Frenchmen street a try.  Nothing can compare as far as I'm concerned.  You can't trust all Yelp reviews/ratings, but this one is a keeper.  Liuzza's was definitely of the major highlights of our trip even though it was a short stop on the way out of town.My boyfriend and I went there to have lunch last week ; I had a gombo and he had a po boy, and both were delicious ! The waiters are really nice and helpful, the food is good and not really expensive... It is a fantastic spot !I wanted to love this place but I got the barbecue shrimp po boy and while there were a lot of shrimp and  sauce was great none of the shrimp were cleaned. It doesn't matter that your sandwich is stuffed with 30 shrimp if they have not been cleaned.4 stars, so far. Only been here once. Its a small place. I wasnt a fan of the gumbo but the hot sausage sandwich was pretty good. I will definitely get it again.We were in NOLA for a wedding and staying near Liuzza's so this was just the neighborhood restaurant that we could walk to.  We came in for lunch one afternoon and had a fairly solid meal.  Inside isn't really much to look at.  Pretty casual atmosphere, some flies were actually inside that likely got in from the door opening and closing.  
We were given bread when we started and it was really horrible bread, so it got me nervous but I ordered a gumbo have po' boy combo with friend oysters.  The gumbo was a particular highlight, though the po' boy was also quite excellent.  They also had a wide selection of Abita beers though it was a bit early for me to be drinking.I am rating Liuzza's a five star for the main reason that this is a typical old New Orleans Italian restaurant that has not changed with the time.  I feel like I am a little girl again going with my parents.  These are hard to find even down to the menu which lists the red tomato sauce as "red gravy".  I love the waitresses also very New Orleans.  It is very busy but I have never had a problem getting in.  I love the bar.  I would not go during a Saints game because they could be packed.  Please don't change.It's Liuzza's. 
Order an Abita beer (in the large glass) and their BBQ shrimp poboy. Eat. Go to sleep. Repeat a few months later.We stopped in for an early dinner & left very full and happy! 
The atmosphere is simple & cute. The service was fast & friendly and the place was full of locals. 
I had the BBQ Shrimp Po' Boy-Fresh Shrimp sauteed in a New Orleans BBQ Sauce stuffed into a French bread pistolette.--AMAZING!! The sauce was peppery not tomato based and delicious!! Loved every bite! 
The Oyster & Roast Beef Po' Boys were also very tasty. 
The prices are very reasonable & the portions are filling! Overall a great place for casual dinner while in NOLA.I was lucky enough to grab lunch at Liuzza's by the Track during a recent one-day visit to the city my wife and I left behind, with at least some regret, in 2007.  
Just about every older neighborhood in New Orleans -- and most every new one throughout the metro area -- has a corner bar/restaurant that serves poboys, plate lunches, and lots of cold beer.  Physically, most of these places have barely changed since the 1940s or 1950s, and, culturally, they've changed only a little.   Liuzza's by the Track, located on an quiet (except during Jazzfest) residential corner between Esplanade Avenue and the New Orleans Fairgrounds, has to be among the best two or three of such joints in the city, if not the best.  
I'm partial to Liuzza's garlic oyster poboy, which is flat-out phenomenal.  I like to pair it with the terrific seafood gumbo, which is well-balanced and complex and generously stocked with very fresh tasting shrimp, as well as a bit of crawfish, sausage, and even an oyster or two.   Honestly, I haven't had much else there, but everything my dining companions and neighboring tables have ordered has always looked delicious.  (Scan through the other reviews for ideas about other Liuzza's offerings!)  It's worth noting that Liuzza's has some deli-style sandwiches on its menu, which is rather unusual for New Orleans.
I wasn't aware of Liuzza's by the Track until two or three years after I moved to the city back in the mid-'90s.  It seemed to be a bit of a locals' secret at that time.  Those days are over, as it was inevitable that folks would catch on.  Get there early to avoid waiting in line.
P.S. Liuzza's by the Track is not to be confused with Liuzza's Restaurant only a mile or so away on Bienville in Mid-City, which is a decent corner bar/restaurant in its own right but not in the same league as Liuzza's by the Track.I am saddened we found this place on our last day as we would of come back to try more of the menu. The atmosphere is local pub with local faire. 
We had the turtle soup and gumbo to start us off and they were incredible. I highly recommend getting the shot of sherry with the turtle soup, it takes a pleasant taste profile to spectacular. We shared the seafood platter which was nice, but the catfish was the star and the only part we finished completely.
They are known for tier poboys which at 3pm it was very busy with audible accolades to thier poboys.
We wrapped the meal up with the bread pudding and it was light and buttery with peach throughout. The whisky sauce gave that oh so wonderful hint of something more potent with just a kiss of heat. 
This place is so worth going out of your way for.I am so glad the bartender recommended their BBQ shrimp po boy because that was one of the best things I ate while I was in New Orleans! It's not your traditional po boy as it was soaked in this amazing BBQ gravy like sauce, but I would still highly recommend stopping in just to try one. Loved the dive bar feel to this place as it did not make me feel uncomfortable sitting at the bar alone because of the friendly crowd.Riding the bus, exploring the city and a nice lady told us about this place. Wow, she was right. Food was fantastic and vibe was very down to earth and not your typical tourist venue! Highly recommend it.A fantastic find thanks to Epicurious! 
Luizza's By the Track sits in a little hole in the wall bar on an off-the-beaten path corner tucked into a small neighborhood outside of the Bourbon St insanity. Don't let its appearance fool you, once you walk in you see where it's made Gourmet magazine, Zagats, and recommended by Trip Advisor. The service was quick and friendly - definitely felt like a family run establishment and I felt comfortable with my kid. There were other children in the place as well, even though this looks primarily like a horse track bar with live races on the TV. 
We both ordered the Creole gumbo and were treated to one of the best things we've tasted since arriving in New Orleans - chock full of sausage, shrimp, chicken and flavor. Not too spicy but very flavorful. Then, their famous bbq shrimp poboy arrived. The shrimp were close to perfection slathered in a butter and roux-like gravy with the right amount of pepper, salt, and a hint of lemon. The poboy bread was hollowed out with shrimp spilling everywhere. We couldn't finish it between the two of us. Fantastic meal - I highly recommend you find your way here. Just get there early because the kitchen is only open from 11am-7pm.This place is located in a nice neighborhood outside the French Quarter.  Our taxi driver took us here because he said the gumbo is a must. I had the spicy sausage po boy and a cup of gumbo and it was REALLY GOOD!  So far the best gumbo I've had and the spicy sausage is deliscious!  If you can get away from the FQ then you should check this place out.  Great service and ambiance.Stopped in for lunch again and was pleasantly surprised by how good the Roast Beef poboy was. It was real house cooked roast beef with a great gravy and perfect bread. Paired with the best gumbo in the city it was an excellent lunch. Liuzza's rarely disappoints.A local friend insisted taking us to Liuzza's the moment we arrived because it has some of THE best local food and casual atmosphere in NO.  She was right!
The BBQ Shrimp Sandwich, which is not BBQ, but is basically sauteed shrimp in butter & spices, was out of control tasty!  They hollowed-out a bread roll and stuffed it with tender shrimp and sauce.  YUM! The Oyster Garlic Po' Boy was perfectly done with crispy & tender oysters and totally addicting. Gumbo had good flavor, but was a bit thin and salty.  Service was homey and timely.  
We'd go back anytime!Pre-Katrina this place was an outstanding corner restaurant.  My last visit in June of 2010, had me re-think my review. The locals warned me that is was overpriced but my memories persisted and I had to give it a try.  
A $10 cheeseburger was on a 4.5 inch bun but the burger was the size of small meatball that took up about half the bun.  Very disappointing.
$35 bucks for two burgers & two beers is a bit pricey for me.Liuzza's has some breathtaking roast beef.  In fact, they call it breathtaking on the menu.  It's stuffed with garlic.  Outstanding.  I got it with a side of creole gumbo and I thought it was wonderful.  I also got to try their shrimp po' boy which is perfect with Crystal sauce and some of the cream of garlic soup.  The cream of garlic soup is great when you first start trying it, but ultimately it will become too explosive and creamy to fully enjoy.  I would say sticking to the creole gumbo is a safe bet since it's packed with shrimp and andouille sausage...jus' sayin'My favorite place to go to for Po Boys.  Top 2 favorites would be their BBQ shrimp po boy and the Oyster Garlic po boy.  The also have a great corn chowder.  Don't for get the ICE COLD schooners of Abita!  A definite must go to.Too often, visitors to the Big Easy miss out on many of the best places to dine in the Crescent City.  I guess you could probably say this about most travel destinations; in the Crescent City, visitors tend to get "stuck" in the French Quarter or nearby Garden District and miss out on the neighborhood dining experience.  Not that there is anything wrong with what is available in either of those two locales, it's just that New Orleans has so much more to offer when you get out and about.
Not far from the Quarter, Liuzza's has been operating and serving local favorites since 1947.  In a city where some eateries have been open for way over a century, one that is only approaching 70 might not seem like such a big deal, but in most US cities other than New Orleans, a seventy year old restaurant is a big deal.
Liuzza's menu is straightforward New Orleans, a combination of Creole and Cajun cuisines, with a little Italian mixed in. Luizza's has a second location, "Liuzzas By the Track", which is not far from Burgerdogboy daughter's domicile, and near the fairgrounds/racetrack where the annual fete of JazzFest takes place (starts in two weeks!)  The "Jazz" part of the name is kind of misleading, as every year during the two week extravaganza, you'll also have the opportunity to hear the biggest stars in the history of rock, as well.
Anyway, the spawn and I hit Liuzza's for a quick lunch, and as always, it was superb. She went with the soup of the day, which was Turtle, and excellent, and I opted for a fried shrimp po-boy, which was absolutely perfect at every level.  We hastily decided to split an order of fries, and that was over ordering, as it turned out.
If you're planning on hitting New Orleans, it's worth a quick cab ride to either location to have some great grub, and dine with the locals, who can be pretty entertaining all on their own!  Open Monday through Saturday from 11A - 7P.Sweet potato fries were pretty good.  Shrimp po-boy and "breathtaking roast beef"...I honestly don't get what the fuss is all about.  They were good.  Nothing to get excited about though.  We were sent to Liuzza's BTT specifically to try these sandwiches and I'm wondering what I missed that people find so compelling.  Very friendly folks behind the bar and the patrons were extremely outgoing and kind to a couple of strangers.  
Perhaps when you find yourself in a friendly, cozy neighborhood bar like this, everything tastes better!My friend and I stopped in one day last week for lunch. This spot is tucked away and off the beaten path, and ultimately a local spot. I had the famous BBQ Shrimp Po'Boy and my friend had the gumbo. Both were delicious. The po'boy is absolutely huge--to be honest, I couldn't finish it by myself. My friend all but licked her gumbo bowl clean. We'll definitely be back!You pretty much can't go wrong here. Great Po-boys, great gumbo, well priced beer. The first time we walked in there after eyeing the place up several times we were a little intimidated. The only staff were behind the bar and didn't seem to blink when I tried to ask whether or not it was seat yourself. Working in a restaurant I know how annoying that is when people seat themselves without asking. We sat for a while and nobody seemed to notice. Someone came over to us after a few minutes and from then on the experience was wonderful. Everything was awesome.  We've been back several times since and so far we can vouch for the gumbo, the shrimp poboy, the burger, and of course the fish bowl beers!In celebration of finding a great new home for us, we took our realtor out to dinner and she recommended Liuzza's. It was a nice little neighborhood place, a little divey, but the kind of place where the servers know everyone's name and cool enough that some of the workers even stayed to hang out after their shifts. Drink wise they were pretty basic, don't go looking for anything fancy, but they do have a full liquor bar. In the way of food, they have some wonderful classic New Orleans options. I had the Garlic Fried Oyster Po-boy, my first po-boy ever, and my instant thought was, "How have I missed out on this my whole life??" Perfect crunchy and soft bread and the fried oysters flavor was spot on. My boyfriend had the grilled chicken po-boy and he said, "Three stars, not bad." Overall friendly staff and pretty good New Orleans bar style food.True New Orleans atmosphere, a locals' hangout. My go-to for great gumbo, and excellent reuben sandwich. My husband had rave reviews for roast beef po-boy, and my dad relished the turtle soup and crawfish etouffee saying "it's like a fine chef made it." Spot on wait staff is very attentive, food arrives fast and hot. Thank you, Liuzza's - anticipating my next visit!I am not a 5-star guy by any means, but this place is awesome & it always has been.  Regardless of who owns it, the chef comes "with the restaurant."  No hire cook, no deal!!!   The both of us had the REAL roast beef which is stuffed with cloves of garlic and sits cooking overnight.  The stuffed BBQ shrimp pistolette, where they carve out the middle & was stuffed with the shrimp.  A guy at the site literally said "dude, that is the bomb". I tried to take a photo of the chef because of the recognition I feel she is owed by this establishment.  She humbly said "oh gosh-no". I said please!- I do reviews for restaurants.  To me the photo was worth more than the photo of Fats Domino's hand playing the piano close up on the wall with a golden cast piano on his pinkie finger.--that was personally autographed!
The waitress got in between us and put her arms in the way and exclaimed "um!, she doesn't do photos!! (Like I was accosting her or something...). I was thinking (when I put that cam up outside--before I.p.cams and the street car was being built--that waitress wasn't even working there...)
But the roast beef is great, the seafood pistolette (sorry, it's not in the dictionary.) is spectacular, the waitress protects the cook like a bouncer but she was eye-candy to my partner and was alright by me.
Shrimp, oysters, half roast beef-half seafood combos are great.  The last time I went there the special was 2 creole tomatoes, topped with avocado garlic paste, & 2 crab cakes for like $2-3.  The owner said it was a "loss leader."  He said everyone gets the gumbo.  And trust me got $7.95/cup or $9.95/bowl it's the cat's pajamas.
But that cook has been working there forever, and humbly wants everybody to take credit for her great work.  If you happen to read this a pastoral friend told me "you have a major blessing coming your way........."   I just pray you can recognize it when it comes your way!!Stopped here to get some gumbo and a half poboy with a friend from California and I order the usual awesome gumbo with that for the first time I got the BBQ shrimp poboy and wow was that good. Though a Liuzza's staple, I had never ordered it before since there was no way I could eat the whole thing. Wow was it good and highly recommend it if your real hungry or has someone you would like to share it with.We came from DC for Halloween weekend. The food was fantastic as well as the service. I had crawfish etouffee and shrimp gumbo. If you are looking for a chill place for great eats ay a reasonable price this is definitely your place.I have been hearing about his place and finally ventured out to taste.  The BBQ Shrimp po-boy was absolutely delicious.  It was more like a garlic butter sauce.  But hey, I'm not complaining because it was that good.Okay the gumbo is Jimmy buffet worthy. The etoufee was divine and 90% craw fish! The garlic oyster poboy was the happiest I've seen my hubby. Great beer, killer good pricing, and a local hangout away from the other tourists. This is heaven!Great place for lunch.  Ice cold beer.  
Fresh amazing French bread.  
First time I hade shrimp    
Today I'm trying the roast beef pig boy.  Really one of those hidden gems. Got to try it.BBQ shrimp Poboy is beyond words. First off, its basically a smothered sandwich. That is everything in my book. The place is pretty easy to find. On the outside it looks like an old grocery store and seems to have been here for awhile. You go inside and it looks like a classic cafe almost like a diner. You look around and there are signs mounted on the wall and old time posters. It was packed on a Monday during lunchtime so you might want to go on an off time. There are specials mounted on chalkboards that are not on the menu. I saw a dish there that looked like red beans and rice with a side of sausage that I really wanted but then saw the poboys. They have a half a poboy and soup option but it doesn't come with the bbq shrimp poboy. So just get the bbq shrimp poboy and your life will be changed. It has an obnoxious amount of shrimp and I mean that in the best way possible. The sauce is so hard to figure out but it is like the nectar of the gods. I will be craving this sandwich til I return to NOLA again.Server was very unfriendly. My meal looked nothing like what was advertised and it is very cramped inside. The fried shrimp was good though.As a local one would assume when looking for a roast beef Po-boy that the New Orleans staple of Liuzza's would have a great one, if not fantastic. There was plenty of meat on French bread and you could get it dressed, unfortunately there was zero gravy. What is a roast beef po-boy without gravy? It's a roast beef sandwich. Though  they added plenty of mayo the sandwich was dry. The fries were a bit oily but definitely edible. I will say the service was excellent. The portions were large. Would try again, I just wouldn't order a roast beef po-boy.Food, drinks, and atmosphere. What more could you ask for. I'm a local and I have of towners that requested dinner here. Fried seafood is great, location is mid city and just a few blocks from bayou saint jhn. Try the seafood platter and the smothered shrimpThis place is awesome if you're looking for an authentic, casual, non-touristy joint near the City Park. The restaurant is in the middle of a cute neighborhood and you definitely get that kind of vibe that it's the place where everybody knows your name.
Decor is absent. Atmosphere is simple bar style. Service was quick and friendly. Food was unrefined and delicious. 
We ordered the half corn beef Po boy with gumbo and the half shrimp Po boy with gumbo. It was a lot of food, gumbo is mild which I liked. The po boy was hot with soft bread. 
They have a whole list of daily specials that are available online. Some of the specials included crawfish touffe, grilled duck with jambalaya, and bread pudding. 
Everyone in the place seemed to know each other and were carrying on conversations. It's perfect for those who aren't afraid to venture into new territory.Went for a family dinner and ordered a very diverse meal. The reuben was thick and juicy. The catfish sandwich was filling and a plentiful serving. The rest of the meals we ordered:the gumbo, roast beef poboy, and chixken sandwhich were all decent.Let's be clear...you go here for the Bloody Mary before AND after Jazzfest. Not only are they delicious - spicy and chock full of veggies - but when the bartender asks if you want a double, you say "yes please and thank you."
Oh, they also serve food. Good food. Po' boys are the staple and you'll most likely wait a while (hence, the bloody mary in a go cup). The crowd outside is the same boat as you which results in a lovely camaraderie between diverse peoples, sipping the same heated blend of worcestershire and spices, listening to great music and maybe purchasing a memento or two from one of the cart-pushing locals strolling by. Expect slightly higher prices than towards the Quarter due to their premier location to the fairgrounds.Had the BBQ Shrimp Poboy because everybody is raving about it. Well, the bread is fresh and tasty and the BBQ sauce tastes pretty good, but they don't clean their shrimp. If you enjoy eating a crap ton of shrimp crap then by all means, you're at the right place. There were like a hundred of shrimps in that poboy, which is good bang for the buck, but I lost my appetite after like five of them.Best gumbo I've ever had, wish I had gotten the bowl. Bloody Mary was sensational too, and the shrimp plate was overflowing with fresh hot shrimp. Seems you can't go wrong here. Glad we made the walk from City Park and Saint Louis Cemetery No. 3The food in this little place near the fairground is some of the very best in all New Orleans.  The gumbo is the best i've had here and the BBQ Shrimp Po Boy is off the charts.  I'd eat this multiple times a week if i lived there!In all of New Orleans, Liuzza's has the best Gumbo and the very best BBQ Shrimp Po Boy.   This is by far my favorite place in town.When you go, try the garlic oyster po-boy.  The server let me know that the oysters were freshly delivered, so what could I so but to try them? The garlic was strong, and the coating that the oysters were dipped in, was crunchy.  The oysters were not overpowered even by the strong garlic but tasted fresh and juicy, and it was the best po-boy I've had in a long time.
They only have one beer on tap and that is Abita Amber, and that's fine with me. 
I will be back.Loved this place!  We actually visited twice on our trip to NOLA.  They offered a head on bbq shrimp special on both visits.  It was so flavorful.  We also enjoyed gumbo, fried duck bites and soft shell crab Poboy.  Beer selections are good.  Wine selections are minimal.After hearing from many people how good this place was I decided to give it a try.  We took a cab from the Quarter it was about $12 each way.  When we arrived a nice gentleman opened the door for us.  It's a small neighborhood kinda place.  You could tell these were mainly locals.  I ordered the shrimp poboy & gumbo.  The gumbo was great.  It had a spicy roux with chicken, sausage, and shrimp which is a little different but it tasted really good.  The shrimp poboy was good but not "the best in town".  Overall I would go back but I'd drive, definitely not worth the extra money for a cab.In her book "Gumbo Tales," Sara Roahen wrote that going to Liuzza's for your first poboy ruins it for every other place you'd go after that. She described the barbecue shrimp poboy at Liuzza's as the Statue of Liberty, a sandwich that "changes your life."
That hearty recommendation landed Liuzza's on our must-visit list. 
Knowing the restaurant was fairly small, we arranged to get there before they opened on a weekday. That was a stroke of luck. 
By being there early, we got to see Ms. Okra drive by. Sergio Robinson's dad, Arthur Robinson, known to generations of New Orleans residents as Mr. Okra, died in February. He had driven the streets for decades similar to an ice cream truck, but selling fruits and vegetables. People knew him as Mr. Okra. I ran three blocks after Sergio to say hello and to buy some strawberries from her.
By the time I got back, Liuzza's had opened. Besides the poboy, I had read good things about the gumbo developed, alongside the barbecue shrimp poboy, by the late Liuzza's owner Billy Gruber.
The dishes were excellent and every bit as good as I imagined from the wide recommendations both have received. Gosh, were they ever good.
Service was fast and friendly. Liuzza's is a great neighborhood spot.Listen to everyone, folks. Shrimp po'boy is the way to go. A large, messy, sandwich doused in a huge amount of shrimp and intense garlic butter sauce. Split it, or else you're bound to feel the effects of over-consumption. If you're mighty hungry, try the turtle soup. Tastes like slightly better pulled chicken. Fun to try, definitely not worth the repeat.
One of the best meals in NOLA, easily.This place is, as reported, a real neighborhood joint - laid back, very welcoming, and DELICIOUS. My partner and I shared the special BBQ Shrimp Po' Boy and a bowl of gumbo, both were the best I've ever had.  The po' boy, in particular, truly outstanding. Plus beers from two different local breweries on tap.
Now I'm no New Orleans local, in fact I've this was my first visit. But often when a place is described as a true local favorite, an amazing hole in the wall, etc., by the time it has 15+ yelp reviews this is no longer quite the same - but not true in the case of Liuzza's by the Track. Not only SO good, it's still a friendly, unassuming, little neighborhood corner spot, which - at least in our observation - clearly truly is a favorite with the locals.Great Bloody Mary's! Fun place to meet before heading to Jazz Fest. Just a short walk to the fairgrounds.The gumbo was delicious and so was the oyster pourboy.  A small place with excellent service.  Parking is a premium.  Again gumbo was very good.  In and out quickly.Sandwiches are great and huge! Best place for subs I've found in the area. Half the price of CG and twice the flavor!This is the epitome of a Hole In The Wall joint and I thought it was excellent. The service was fast, the food was great, and the atmosphere was very divey as it should be - it's a bar afterall.  If you are adverse to cramped and run down eating spaces don't go. If you want some great food served with no pretense or apology than it's definitely a place for you.The BBQ shrimp "poboy" was the worst BBQ shrimp poboy i have ever had in my life... its literally oil and pepper. Total waste of my $28 (tax, delivery fee and tip for Doordash)Ok. Maybe I had too high an expectation..
Gumbo: Just ok. Not anything special
BBQ Po-Boy (the place's signature dish): it's fine, but was SALTY as hell!! Big glass of beer, all the bread that came with it AND separate bread didn't do enough to balance the saltiness...
Unfortunate.. I had to waste one of my very limited meals here....Easily the best food I had in nola! We had the Gumbo which is the best I've ever tasted, hot and spicy but you just can't stop eating it (my mouth is watering just thinking about it)!  Also had the fried eggplant, mushroom bisque, and BBQ Shrimp po boy which was outstanding.  It was probably the most fattening meal I've had but geez it was good!Bbq shrimp po boy!!! Nuff said!!!! The bread pudding came out with steam flowing from it and tasted delicious!! If ya' didn't know now ya' know Liuzza's is the place to be for a tasty meal, served with a smile.Great customer service. The food was delicious. I recommend the seafood platter which is big enough for 2 or possibly 3. The gumbo was on point as well. The atmosphere was relaxing.It's a nice local place. Really good food. Kind of small, good bar. 
Me and my buddy sat at the bar and ordered food from Raven. 
Ron got their Signature Dish of Shrimp sauteed in a New Orleans BBQ sauce and stuffed into a French bread pistollette. He said it was great. 
I got the Fried Shrimp plate and a house salad. The salad was kind of small for the price, but tasted good. I liked the shrimp and cocktail sauce. The fries could have been better. The coleslaw was really good, and garlic bread too. 
I'll be back to try more of the menu, but it was a good start!Great local neighborhood place.  Fried green tomatoes with shrimp and remoulade was great overall.  The shrimp on the dish were chilled which didn't bother me but my wife thought it a bit odd.  Fried seafood platter with shrimp, oysters, and catfish very enjoyable.  Had a side of fried sweet potatoes which we really enjoyed.  Although we were due for some fried food, we noticed the menu included some lighter, healthier fare such as a nice redfish dish that the guy next to us got.  Don't forget cash though because no credit cards are accepted.There was one thing a tour bus company driver mentioned to a bus full of passengers that included us. As we were headed out to the swamps one day, he was spouting on about how tourists should come to the city and make effort to try the cuisine. He was disappointed that people actually come to New Orleans and choose to eat pizza. So he goes on about the different dishes we should try and suggestions where we can find said dishes. Amidst all the words he muttered, he mentioned BBQ shrimp, explaining they're not what we think and instead are cajun spiced shrimp boil. Well he had me, and I will be forever thankful for that specific reference because I wouldn't have known. By the way, this is obviously totally unrelated to Liuzza's and only contextual to my experience.
Originally, I already had Liuzza's on my list of places, so I wasn't swayed or referred by the man. But it made the visit more exciting when I saw BBQ shrimp on the menu. We ordered that, no questions asked. I also had a garlic oyster poboy from the Liuzza's Specials section; which was the sole reason for my visit. 
Man oh man! Goddamn! 
These two dishes were possibly the best things I had while on the trip. Funny how it worked out for me to have the tastiest and most authentic meal on the day I was leaving New Orleans. It was destined that I'd have the best for last.
The shrimp were succulent, juicy, a blast of flavorful spices, and all with heads attached for ultimate sucking action. It was our precursor, and we were blown away. Then I got my garlic oyster poboy that came on a soft but crunchy roll - can't emphasize it enough how much a sandwich is better when bread is easy to chew on. The breaded oysters were crunchy with a soft still moist center. The garlic flavor so good, mixing with all the other elements of the sandwich  and permeating my taste receptors so intensely that it was an ethereal moment in time. After that, sampling our friend's basic shrimp poboy  was trivial, but don't undermine this one either. Our meal was so good and probably needed nothing more to enhance it, however, we couldn't help but continuously douse our sandwiches and the BBQ shrimp with some of the New Orleans hot sauce for an extra flavor punch - it's a must.
Now I won't get into talking about the place or the service, as I normally like to - it's virtually unnecessary at this point. This is just your quintessential neighborhood joint in the north part of New Orleans. So if you ain't a local you might not get the same warm welcome - might even get a little stink eye. Fortunately, we never felt like intruders and we were served a delicious meal - that's all folks.MY GOD I'VE FOUND IT.  
The best damn po'boy in New Orleans.
I don't offer these words lightly, my friends. I feel like this po'boy was intended for the gods and came to me by mistake. 
Seriously, how do I even begin? AND WHY HAS IT TAKEN SO LONG TO FIND IT? 
Honestly, Yelper Mom and I just hadn't been lucky enough to come when they were open before, but my god, I am so thankful we finally came at the right time. Bless. 
The service here is great and friendly and the fries and remoulade sauce were delightful in their own right, but the main act of the show is bar-none the BBQ shrimp po'boy. 
This BBQ po'boy is unlike any other. French bread is hollowed out and the shrimp is piled high inside and around it, all to be topped off with the kind of magical concoction that I have been dreaming about ever since. I've actually considered sending a 5,000 gallon tanker down there to fill up with that sauce to bring back here to Kansas City, because I could literally drown in it and die happily. 
We'll see you soon Liuzza's.Awesome food, great local vibe.  Can't say enough about the place.  Had the gumbo and the signature shrimp po boy...divine.  the bread pudding dessert was fabulous as well.  Best meal we've had on our short visit.My first impression of this place was this is the type of place that reminds you of going to eat at your grandmother's house; if she was a native or had those delta roots - which mine was and most certainly did! 
My husband had the chicken Po'boy (shellfish allergy - which they were very accommodating to), while I enjoyed the garlic oyster and shrimp Po'boy and a bowl of the seafood gumbo.  You know those times when you think to yourself, If I had another stomach...? Cause that's how good it was. Fresh, soft, yet slightly crusty rolls with the perfect amount of toppings that didn't overshadow the protein stars of the show.  The roux for the gumbo was a beautiful, rich, dark amber color and chocked full of shrimp.  It was delicious! However, I didn't get any okra in mine - some would say that was fine by them - but I happen to enjoy it, even with its unappetizing appearance.  
So, if you're looking for an authentic experience with the flavor of New Orleans that could only be rivaled by an aforementioned grandmother type.  Then, look no further! And, sat down and eat! You look hungry!