I was not impressed. The bread was delicious, but that was about it.
The Seafood Paella was alright, small shrimp and only two mussels in the medium size. And the mussels were overcooked.
The grilled calamari tasted like rubber. I was really not expecting what came out. I have never seen calamari that looked like a big round cut up pancake. I was expecting small tendrils. I am not a calamari expert though. 
The last thing we had was the lamb stew, which I have heard is really good. It tasted good, if not a little too salty. But it was not a stew, but more of a bowl full of chunks of slow cooked lamb with a carrot here and there. 
I have been looking forward to trying this place for a while, but it was a disappointment. I will not be going back. It did have a great atmosphere though. Quite loud, but cozy.I came here with a very enthusiastic friend and I was pleased with how good the experience was.  The appetizer was the calamari and I am not sure we will get that again, bc I was thinking it was the one that doesn't come in a patty. Yet when I looked at the menu, that is what it said it would come like. My take home lesson was to read the description of an item prior to ordering. 
We had the veggie paella and it was awesome. So flavorful! The rice was perfect and the veggies were just right.Great little neighborhood restaurant. My wife and I have been a couple times since we moved into the neighborhood. Both times we have brought bottles of wine and beer for ourselves, as their corkage fee for both is very reasonable. The first time we had the charcuterie plate and ceviche, which were both very good, then finished with paella, which is ok. Second time around we split caprese salad, ceviche, squid and chorizo, and a few other tapas. Great stuff! The bread with the garlic aioli is addicting. 
Tip: This place is very popular with larger groups, but has more seating for two tops. If it is just two of you, the wait generally isn't very long.Two things: 3 dollar sangria and Seafood Paella!!! You gotta try both
My first visit and I loved the place. The interior is set up very cozy and homey with the decorations, people laughing and talking, and the open kitchen. It's like your dining with family.  
The food is excellent and made to order. Totally worth the wait and you can tide yourself over with some sangria in the meantime.  
I will definitely be returning.Friendly neighborhood restaurant! Great ceviche. Pleasant change from traditional New Orleans fare. I eat here 2-3 times a month and haven't had a bad dish yet. Best flan in town.***QUALITY***FOOD***FOR***LOW***PRICES***
The food was delicious, we ordered: appetizers: the mushrooms, ceviche and crabmeat for the main: two salmon dishes which was great quality and one shrimp pasta very yummy indeed. For desert the flan - to share - it was so good we ordered a second one :-), for drinks we shared two bottles of Pinot Noir. For 3 people the check came to $162 (before tip) great value!!
We went on a Tuesday evening 8pm and had to wait 20 min to be seated. The restaurant is very small, bright and not too pleasant to sit in. I wouldn't go here for a romantic dinner or special occasion. It's too crammed and noisy. The service was a little slow and messy, because it was busy, our waiter tried his best.
For a casual dinner I would go back here and recommend it to everyone else.Went here on a date night with my boyfriend and at first we were a little skeptical. It seemed like the entrees really just weren't all that special. I like to always try to order food that I just can't make at home or normally wouldn't and nothing for the entrees seemed to peak our interests besides maybe the lamb. 
So we decided tapas it was! And wow! Great choice. We got the crab tropical....AMAZING! Easily both of our favorite dish. Got the ceviche....THE BEST ceviche I've had in New Orleans so far....easily! And the Antipasto....the blue cheese is super strong and everything else was delicious but also very standard. 
The crab tropical is what made it for us! And I was so happy to find good ceviche. The plates sizes are HUGE for tapas also so it's perfect for sharing but we were definitely stuffed. The house made sangria was tasty also.
The manager, Courtney, was the one who was serving us that night and she was super nice and enthusiastic. Overall it was a really goo experience. The place definitely filled up after we got there just a little after they opened at 5:30 so maybe get there before the crowd does. Will definitely be going back.This is my first Yelp. I don't Yelp. I feel Yelpers are bored people that have nothing better to do than carelessly nitpick and then feel good about how cool words look in formation after they put them there. 
I have worked in bars and restaurants for YEARS. 
We walked into Lola's 30 minutes before the kitchen closes on a Friday night.  Perfectly acceptable in my mind in the realm of customer ettiquette, I thought. 
This place is "adorable" and "lively" and I assume this place gets by on looks and charm, because the food and service were lame. The seafood paella was overcooked fried rice with fishy gumballs. Nothing bright or light about it- which is the point, right. This is your signature dish.   Our manager/server was condescending when she removed the plate.  "Have you ever eaten here? That's just how it is." (I paraphrase) It's heavy and flavorless. The seafood was overcooked.  It wasn't crunchy at all.
That's how it is. 
The replacement trout dish was ok and at least had flavor.  The biggest problem with the dish was how it was delivered "I hope you like this...this is how we make it here". That's the spirit, asshole. 
I don't relish sending food back to a kitchen. It's a drag to hear you didn't do something right in any aspect of the foodservice realm. It's also embarrassing to embarrass the person/people you are dining with by sending back an item.  I drove 10 hours to New Orleans to eat and drink. Empty water glasses half the night and no eye contact from anyone else in the staff (even at the end of a service on Friday night) is not good.  Follow up within a few bites. Check on your tables. Manager/server-you are incredibly insincere and really need to work on your tableside manner.  
I tipped.  I said thank you.  
You get an extra star because you didn't spill anything on me and because the host caught me dropping my knife and replaced that shit immediately. Johnny on the spot.  Good eye. 
Take a break from the service industry and maybe you will realize how shitty the rest of the work place really is.  I need to do it every once in a while. 
My name is Doug Niemczura...and I am a Yelper.The seafood paella and caesar salad are my favorites. The bread and aioli at the beginning of the meal are lovely as well. The restaurant is VERY small and I do not think they do reservations. Unless you want to wait a while, groups of four or fewer are best and going earlier in the evening is better.AMAZING. My date and I ordered 2 tapas and a small paella and we couldn't finish our meal for 1. Great service, lots of garlic, good wine list and nice atmosphere.Friendly, efficient, neighborly service. And serving delicious, delicious food. My whole table was impressed- and happy. Their sangria=dee-licious! I'll be going back.This place is good if you are looking for mediocre, bland food in a kitsch & very loud setting. We found all of the dishes to be aching for some salt, and not very fresh. The art is tacky & you can barely hear one another over the dinn of people all around you. They were out of many of the things we really wanted, and put us at a table where waitresses were constantly clanging silverware against glass behind our ears. Oh, and the bread is $0.30 per piece!A coworker and I had the paella tonight and per usual it was fantastic. You cannot replicate there paella, its the only and the best in New Orleans. Jambalaya is great but this is so much better. I love Lola's Sangria which goes well with your meal and the price is amazing for the quantity and quality. Who needs chain restaurants when you have places like this.this is a cute little place with great homemade sangria, good food, and plenty of veg/vegan options.I loved the neighborhood atmosphere of Lola's and the food and sangria were delicious! Can't wait to bring family from out of town here. Will definitely be back soon!Great paella. Red sangria is very very yummy. Service is good. Love the fresh bread n garlic butter they serve also. 
Its small, intimate, good for a date :PLola's was recommended by our Airbnb host as their favorite restaurant in New Orleans. Food was amazing, but you better love garlic. We had the ceviche, grilled calamari, garlic shrimp and the shrimp pasta. All were delicious. We finished up with the decadent flourless chocolate cake for an exceptional ending to a wonderful day.Dinner is always so relaxed and enjoyable here. The paella is certainly worth the wait.  My only recommendation - Breath mints with the check.  The garlic butter with the rolls is killer!Always on the Money with product,  service and atmosphere.  We even dined here for New Years Eve and my comments held more than true.  the shrimp pasta is my fav with the crabmeat tropicale salad.  Always so fresh.  You just can't go wrongI had been wanting to try Lola's for a while now and I finally took the opportunity to the other night.  I read lots of reviews, most of them raving about how great Lola's is. I have to say I wasn't blown away like I thought I would be. Maybe I was expecting too much because of the reviews or maybe I just didn't get the right things,  but I've had Spanish food before at other places and I liked them much better.  We started with Sangria which was great and the antipasto, which I was very pleased with, I mean if anyone knows me, they know I am always satisfied with a plate of cheese with other fixins, and Cabrales cheese is one of my favorites. Then we shared the tomato basil salad, which I was also very happy to eat. We got the bread with the famous garlic "butter", and I just don't know what all the hype is about. I am a big garlic lover so I thought this would be my favorite part of the meal, but I was kind of disappointed when I tasted the garlicky spread. First of all it tasted a little bit rancid, like the olive oil that it is made of was not fresh. Then I had a few pieces of hard garlic that I had to take out of my mouth which made me wonder if they actually used some granulated garlic with the fresh garlic. I mean it had that spicy bite that fresh raw garlic has, but those hard pieces just threw it all off for me. Then I ordered the veggie paella. I just wasn't in the mood for a whole lot of meat, and I had a feeling that if I got the seafood paella it would have the iodine flavor I can't stand that seafood has sometimes, especially in shrimp that are on the larger size which are in the seafood paella. My dining companion got the seafood variety.  So I got my paella and it was so pretty, all the colors of the vegetables and the yellow rice. I was very happy with it's visual qualities. I took my first bite thinking it was going to be as amazing as it looked, I mean I love all the veggies that were in it, but I was, to my surprise let down quite a bit. It was kind of bland, honestly, except for the overpowering garlic that was in it.  My mouth was already inundated with garlic from the bread spread, so the garlic in the paella was just too much. It didn't really have enough other seasoning besides the saffron spice and it just didn't do anything for me. I had a bite of my BF's seafood paella, and I was really glad I didn't get that one because sure enough the overpowering iodine was all over that dish. I really wanted to like Lola's and maybe I need to give it another try with some of the other dishes, but as for this review and at this point, I am not impressed.  It was better than Barcelona Tapas, but I think I will stick to Cafe Granada for now when I want Spanish food.Incredible Old World Charm, With Authentic Spanish Eats!
My best friends surprised me with a birthday dinner here.  Atmosphere is intimate and fun, great for family dinners or dates!  
Food was absolutely delicious.  We ordered the ceviche, 3 different types of paella, and of course a little sangria on the side.  I would recommend it :DThis is by far my favorite Spanish place in New Orleans, I usually stick to the paella cause it's really hard not to order it, but last time I was there we ventured a little more and tried the duck, which was awesome, and some stuffed peppers which were definitely something else.
I always recommend this place, be warned though, their sangria goes down way to smoothly. You may loose track of how many bottles you already had!... :PThis was my second experience at Lola's. My first time was wonderful. I arrived at about 8 pm today with my parents for my birthday dinner. The place was pretty busy but there were two empty tables for two people. We asked the Coordinator, Courtney, if we could be seated at one of the empty tables by either joining the two or by pulling up a chair. She informed us that they don't have a policy that allows that because of concerns about space and that we would have to wait for a bigger table. After sitting outside for about 15 minutes, we were seated inside. About 45 minutes into our meal, as we are about to receive our entree dishes, we see a crowd of six white women come into the restaurant. They were not asked to wait; in fact, two two-people tables were put together and two chairs from other tables pulled to accommodate all members of their party, despite the previous claim by Courtney that they had no such policy. As we were sitting next to this table, we were appalled by the blatant discrimination. We asked to speak to the manager, which was Courtney, and she denied that she had said that it was against their policy. In fact, she was quite hostile and did not offer any apology. Needless to say, I will never eat here again after experiencing such obvious racism, which is quite disappointing because the food here is delicious, and I will be filing a formal complaint.Vegetarian paella in the United States that tastes that good?! If I could go to Lola's more I absolutely would. 
Every time I have been everyone at the table - vegetarian or not - has been happy with their food choices. And who doesn't love a night involving sangria?
Also, SO glad they are no longer cash only. That was always a major deterrent for me as I never have cash on hand.Quaint hole in the wall restaurant with a fun and vibrant atmosphere.  Street parking.  Food is mouth wateringly delicious.  I don't know what they put in the butterly garlic concoction that they serve with the bread but its just down right delicious.   We ordered the grilled calamari and the garlic shrimp.  Both were amazing to say the least.  The calamri was tender and seasoned to perfection.  The sauce that the shrimp is served in is a delciosuily garlic concoction.  Its great for dipped bread in also.  
The seafood paella was nice but not my most favorite part of the meal.  If you love garlic, then you'll LOVE Lola's.This is my favorite restaurant in the entire city. Food never disappoints. Garlic shrimp and sangria is a must.Lola's Spanish cuisine is as good as it gets when in search for authentic Latin food!
The seafood Paella is a MUST! Garlic shrimp for an app and red or white sangria please!!!
That is correct, you heard me right. Both are AMAZING!
It's very rare these days to find a restaurant that offers both great food along with excellent customer service, but Lola's has managaged to make that happen! arrive early, order anything ,sit and enjoy!Order the ceviche, the cabrata (lamb stew) and the bread with the olive oil garlic butter. Very honey delicious flavors in this little neighborhood gen.The place is cozy and the service is very kind to you, the meal is delicious and you can enjoy with friend and family the tasty red sangria.Had a delicious vegetarian plate and sangria. Definitely recommend for a nice night out.We have been to Lola's 5 or 6 times and I swear it gets better every time.  It is a very small restaurant so there is often a line to get in.  I try different things every time I go and they food is always fantastic.We walked in and the aroma of the food just captures you right away. I live how tiny this place is. I felt like I was eating at a friends home. The hostess and waitress were so sweet. The grilled calamari and garlic mushrooms are to die for. The paella's is out of this world prolly one of the best Ive had coming from living in Miami for years.I dont even know how to start describing their mushroom appetizer, besides YUM. Ok, so you will need to brush your teeth/gum/mouthwash, something to clean your mouth after you eat it because its super garlicky (not as much as their aoili that they serve with the bread- its a true mashed garlic aoili, not mayo) , but the mushrooms are delicious. Ive been here several times and I havent brought myself to try any other appetizers because they are so good. I always split the seafood paella here & love it. Very flavorful, very fresh. They also have affordable wine bottles, and I *think* a corking fee of like $5 bucks. I havent tried the sangria because Im not really into sweet alcoholic drinks, but Ive heard its good. Lola's has become my fiancee and I's go-to date night place.PAELLA! (Should I just leave my review as that?!)
I LOVE Lola's! It's definitely a NOLA little local restaurant! You probably won't see more than a table of tourists there (Granted we were tourists!)
We walked in the restaurants and its decoration is rusty, very European country, your grandma's kitchen style!
We ordered the homemade red wine sangria and it was delicious.
The bread was fresh and the garlic butter was delicious! The friendly server told us it's not butter but a special vegetable oil! Yum and good for my cholesterol level!
For appetizer I ordered a mussel dish served with a warm sauce over it. I have never had mussels that good. The sauce provided the mussel just enough acidity to bring out the seafood flavor! I would go back to NOLA just for that!
We ordered a small meat and a small seafood paella, both of them were very good and with different flavors. The meat one had a very nice savory taste to it; while the seafood one is more simple. They probably want to highlight the fresh mussel, fish, squid and shrimp they put in the rice!
Yes, it's not cajun, but Lola's a must for foodie in NOLA!Everything tasted great.
From the whipped olive oil and garlic to the paellas, everything was a wonderful experience.  Great location.  The open kitchen is really cool.  You can see them making the food right in front of you, and all of the waitstaff seems really sweet.  We also had a garlic soup, a caprese salad, and some kind of vegetable plate.  
This is a great place to bring a family member from out of town, or that special someone when you want to pop the question ;-)I love this restaurant. It is a wonderful taste of Spain in Nola. The paellas are excellent. I normally order three paellas; one meat, one seafood, and one vegetarian; for our group, and pitchers of sangria. It is a blast. The atmosphere is causal, friendly, and relaxing. The kitchen is open if you enjoy watching people cook, and the walls are covered in local art. The paellas are excellent. The meat paella is a combination of chicken and chorizo, whereas the seafood one has fish, octopus, and mussels. My vegan friend loved the vegetarian paella and now considers Lola's her favorite restaurant. It is a wonderful place that I always visit when in Nola.The best little restaurant in mid-city! Friendly staff, cute and cozy atmosphere, delicious food!! The paella was incredible and the garlic chicken gets a five out of five! The butter was VERY garlicky - so be prepared to stink. Totally worth it though!! Loved everything about this place.jambalaya has nothing on paella. the flavors are amazing. its like a carnival in for the taste buds. this place rocks, will go again and afordable too.This was quite the find. A Brussels sprouts appetizer that was so amazing and delicious. Very tasty but would not share the recipe bummer. The paella was so rich and tasty I had three helpings. Only 13 tables but small and intimate. One has to try this place.An oldie but a goodie it had been a minute since I had been to Lola's. I often contemplate coming to Lola's but because it's small, intimate, popular and doesn't take reservations I usually decide to go elsewhere that I know I won't have a long wait. But on this hot summer weekday evening I was long overdue a return to a restaurant I fell in love with years ago. My reunion was one like meeting up with an old friend that starts right back up where you left off. I lucked out it wasn't busy the evening I went and the paella was as good as I had remembered. I started out with a few good starters too the gazpacho and also the garlic artichoke special. Both flavorful and fresh. I appreciate all the vegetarian options they offer here. Good food, good service in a cute little local sort of hole in the wall location make this oldie but a goodie still as charming as it was the first time I tried it 15 years ago.Luckily, we narrowly beat the dinner rush- the somewhat small dining room was overflowing with guests as soon as we were seated. While we waited for a few small plates, we popped open our personal bottle of wine (BYOB and a $5.00 corking fee) and fended off our mounting hunger with the antipasto plate of cheeses, prosciutto, and chorizo.  Once we polished off the garlic shrimp and the avocado stuffed with crabmeat and a spicy aioli, we could barely muster a few bites of Lola's ridciulously good specialty- paella with sausage, chicken, shrimp, crab, squid, and octopus.Have always enjoyed Lola's but called in today 15 mins before stop seating to put in a take out order.  I was told that "They weren't taking out orders tonight."  I replied that I've ordered take out from Lola's before but was told "Oh, we normally do, we're just not tonight."
Perhaps they should update their website to reflect that do take out orders, selectively, on a case by case basis.  Too many restaurants in this town to do this - will choose to visit and recommend elsewhere from nowhere.  Pretty disappointing.After cooking paella, there is usually a layer of toasted rice at the bottom of the pan, called socarrat in Spain. This is considered a delicacy among Spaniards and is ESSENTIAL to a GOOD paella. The toasted rice develops on its own if the paella is cooked over a burner or open fire. If cooked in an oven, however, it will not. To correct this, place the paellera over a high flame while listening to the rice toast at the bottom of the pan. Once the aroma of toasted rice wafts upwards, remove it from the heat. The paella must then sit for about five minutes (most recipes recommend the paella be covered with a tea-towel at this point) to absorb the remaining broth.
What Lola's served me last night had absolutely no toasted rice at the bottom and was basically a decent tasting rice and seafood casserole. I wouldn't order it again for $28. Really cute place, lovely waitstaff in neon and spandex workout gear didn't exactly add to ambiance of establishment.Our meal at Lola's was (almost) perfect.  I started off with sangria on the patio, which was fine but nothing to write home about.  The garlic butter served with the pistolettes was soo yummy and had a serious garlicky bite.  I highly recommend the ajoblanco (cold almond soup served with grapes), which is an interesting and delicious departure from your typical American soup.  I ordered the pisto as the main course, which was perfectly seasoned and just the right portion size.  For dessert, we had the tres leches cake.  It was ok.  I've definitely had better tres leches at Mexican restaurants, and I found the chocolate drizzles on the cake to be unnecessary and distracting from the tres leches flavors.  I was a little disappointed at the end when the wait person asked us to leave after we paid our bill.  At least she was polite about it.  But honestly there were other tables that were already empty, and I certainly didn't see a huge line of people waiting to be seated...Overall impression:
Food was really good. Solid place. Very popular obviously. Not a must-go for me, but it was a nice experience.
Average price: $25-40/person
Positives:
-paella is good
-food is solid
-the bread is delicious and comes with garlic aioli
-service is fine
-ambience is fine
Negatives:
-only street parking
-it can get crowded and there is often a wait
Overall, this is a solid place. I would say they did everything pretty well (service, food, ambience, value). Has a fairly classy feel but you can drop in with casual clothes and not feel too out of place. The best thing about this place for me was the bread. Warm and fresh with delicious garlic aioli. Mm-mm. I heard that they charge for bread here ($0.50 each) but we didn't get charged (although we only ordered one). The paella was solid. The ceviche was a bit too citrus-Ey for our tastes but they sure gave a lot of it! We also had a lot of paella leftover. My one tip would be to be careful not to order too much, which can be easy to do.we were torn about patronizing Lola's, literally while sitting in front of it. We had read about it in Beth D'adonno's The Hunt, New Orleans. The paella, the apps, we wanted it all. But before I get into our crisis of conscience with Lola's, I have to say, the Seafood Paella was incredible, the ceviche, mushrooms and crab avocado salad were beyond.  really awesome, and the service was spot on...for a reason.
and here's where we were stopped in our tracks before we even got in the door....we arrive and are told they were just clearing a 4top and be just a few  minutes...about 3 mins into our wait a woman arrives with her guests. she has them wait at the curb while she marches in. soon after she is back out, with the hostess asking her what she would like to do. the woman points at the waiting list and marches off to the curb loudly commenting to her guests how she recently inherited LOLA'S, soon. after they all March past us to the 4top....I have Never seen a restaurantuer put themselves ahead of paying guests... and the disregard she showed for those serving her...She is No Restaurantuer.!
 the wait staff, and i assume her brother, clearly saw this, definitely stepping up or doing their regular great job, either way they made our experience enjoyable, and probably somewhat kindred. 
great food, great service, bad owner who has no appreciation for what it took to get that restaurant where it is.Perhaps my most visited restaurant of the last decade, this place is a favorite of locals, especially those who live in Mid-City. 
A great restaurant for a date or to enjoy with a small group of friends. They do not take reservations, so it's first come, first served. I like to get there around 7-7:30 before they get packed. You can bring your own wine (they do have a small wine list now that they've gotten their liquor license) and drink it while you wait outside at the provided table and chairs.
 It is a small Spanish restaurant (cash only) with unique artwork on the walls for sale. My personal favorites are the shrimp and garlic app, the paella, and the rack of lamb. I love grabbing a bottle or two of shiraz and/or petite sirah and heading over there for a delicious, cheap meal. A place where I always take my out of town friends to enjoy some local flavor.The meat paella is going to be added to one of my "best meals ever" list.  Worth the wait, the special salad was great too.  Party of 4- great evening.This is the restaurant I picked to celebrate my birthday. I was satisfied but I wasn't blown away by the food. The atmosphere and location is beautiful and intimate - perfect for dates and small parties. Their garlic bread, grilled calamari, duck, eggplant, and flan were delicious! We ordered a bottle of Sangria and it was probably one of the best Sangria I have ever had!!! Their gazpacho and ceviche were not my favorites (I've had better). And finally, I was very excited to try their paella since everyone and their mamas were raving about it. We ordered the combination Paella and it was extremely watery... such a disappointment. In summary, this place is lovely and the food is settles for average. Prices are decent. Service is wonderful. Street parking was hard to find. I might possibly come back to this place but not in the near future.I've been going to Lola's since I moved to N.O ten years ago and I love the food. I am spanish and I think the paella is not the same as 10 years ago but...still good. The only thing that bothers me about this place is the inconsistency and the SERVICE. It's sooooo bad. Servers don't care if your water is refilled, they always have an attitude. Me and friends went there last night and we had a very good time except for the service. TERRIBLE!. The owners should pay more attention to that.This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city! Their paella is TO DIE FOR! Sooooooo yummy! I love to bring friends and family there for a treat!If I were rating just the gazpacho they would get 5 stars hands down...unfortunately I'm not. After hearing everyone rave about this place for YEARS I had been dying to finally try it. Decided to go there for my birthday dinner with a small group of friends, and was left wishing I had chosen somewhere else. Maybe my expectations were too high but the paella (we split the veggie and the seafood) was not all it was cracked up to be. The veggie was however much better than the seafood which tasted very "fishy". The Sangria was just average. The mushrooms were fantastic as was the garlic spread for the bread. I would have been better off getting two cups of gazpacho and noshing on the mushrooms app instead of wasting all those carbs on flavorless rice. Have they gone drastically down hill or was everyone wrong? I may give them another shot but I definitely wont be re-visiting the paella situation. I still prefer my go-to Spanish tapas place, Cafe Granada any day!Great food and a nice ambiance. Loved living around the block from here because the smell of garlic was always pleasant t my nostrils. A pretty decent paella and always quality soups. Would recommend for a nice Wednesday evening dinner for 2.I'm always a little intimidated going to a new restaurant. I'm not sure I really noticed until visiting Lola's. It's right around the corner from my house and everybody says it's the best, but it took me a while to get there. Going with a group of four led to some of the trepidation. Will it be difficult to get a table for four since they don't take reservations? Should I try to go early to get our name in or something? Wait, the paella takes how long to prepare? Is that a long time, I don't actually know. BYOB is ok? Or no? Wait, what about attire? I think it's casual, but when I peeked in, I saw nice white table cloths. Damn, pay attention to what people were wearing! As usual, it turned out there was no real reason for fear. Lola's is a nice little place.
It is a little tight, maybe seating for about 30 people at around 10 tables. We were tucked into a corner near the kitchen - if the people at the table behind us wanted to get up, I think we all may have had to stand up (luckily they didn't get up). You can look right into the kitchen, which is always kind of neat (well, usually, assuming you don't see roaches and rats running around; and we didn't). They have a lot of art by Simon, which isn't bad. Despite being tight, it wasn't that noisy. I will say that it was a Monday night and the place was mostly full, so good chance of a long wait on a prime evening. Oh, by the way, attire is fully casual - a guy and a girl even came in straight from the beach (no beaches within an hour or so of New Orleans, but they did it, guy in trunks and t-shirt, girl in bikini with some cover-up thing). For atmosphere, I'll give it a 17 out of 30, nothing outstanding, nothing bad.
We found out the food is prepared using old traditional Spanish recipes. The original owner was from Spain and he used his mother's recipes. After he passed away, the kids took over, still using the same recipes. My understanding was that it has the best paella in town; I'm not sure if that's saying a lot because I have never seen paella anywhere else in town (of course, I haven't looked for it either). We went for three different kinds - meat, seafood and combination (keep in mind, it takes 30 minutes to prepare paella, I'm still not sure if that's a terribly long time to wait for dinner, seems like most good food at a legit restaurant would take close to that, but nice of them to warn you). Not knowing much about paella, I did read some of the Yelp reviews and some say there is supposed to be more of a crust of some sort on the bottom of the skillet, which supposedly tastes great. Reviewers commented that Lola's didn't have that and it's more of a casserole than paella. Being my first time eating it, I have no idea; it tasted pretty good, but I am not sure what was so special about it, it tasted like a rice casserole with some meat. Decent enough, but not something I'd write home about (unless this gets read by somebody at home, then I will have sort of written home about it). We also had the calamari appetizer, which was very interesting. It was not tentacles or anything like that. It was basically calamari steak (as they described), grilled. Served with a good spicy cocktail-type sauce. While it looked strange, it still had the rubbery squid taste. It was okay, but...well, I probably like friend calamari better (imagine that, me, liking fried better; weird). So as far as food, I'll give this a 30 out of 50.
The service was very good. I dropped in a little before six (there was one couple eating at the time) to see what they thought the wait might be (no idea) and if I could put my name in early (nope). So we went back at a little after 6:30 and there was only one table remaining for four. There was a six-top table in the window that would have been much better, but they wouldn't give it up, which makes sense, even though nobody ever came to take it. Our waitress was very good - they have wine, or you can bring your own for a reasonable $5 corkage fee. We did the corkage fee and also had sangria (very good!). Waitress was very attentive and friendly, maybe the best part of the visit. Service is a 17 out of 20.
Final score is 64 (I created a restaurant ranking system which includes a total of 100 points: 50 for food, 30 for atmosphere and 20 for service). I expected something a lot more based on how highly friends recommended it, but maybe paella isn't the ideal dish for me; I still think it's worth trying.This is an update on the service not the food. The last few times the waitstaff was just unfriendly and off putting.  I'm a really nice super smily person and I didn't get a grin the entire dinner.  Not bad service but something has changedI have loved Lola's for as long as I can remember. The garlic chicken is awesome!! Ceviche- awesome! Mussles-awesome! I love the fact that you can bring in your own wine. I have introduced many friends to this little place. I have never had a bad experience at Lola's. Expect a short wait (a little longer on weekends) but well worth it!Let me start with dessert because the almond nugget ice cream is so good.  I usually get it with either the flan and/or the no-flour chocolate cake along with a spoon for everyone and play dessert chess, your move!  
Garlic soup and garlic sautéed mushrooms are a must and I also enjoy the antipasto plate.  Salads are always fresh, again something to share and for the main dish the grilled fish, seared tuna w/ mojo sauce, or the pork tenderloin are all superb.
Of course for the big share there's the paella served up with seafood, meat, or just vegetables.
Lola's is always a hit and if there's a line, it's one of the few places where I will happily wait my turn.  Best bet is right around 6pm or wait until 9ish.  My guess is around $30 per person before drinks.  These folks work hard for you.The menu is limited, but their gazpacho is wonderful, and you can't go wrong with their paella. Oh, and don't forget their house-made sangria! They also have a corking fee if you want to grab a bottle of wine before you dine. (Swirl, a neat little wine bar, is right across the street.)This is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. Their paella is amazing! I love their chocolate cake and sangria. I highly recommend Lola's! It's small so if you don't want to wait get there around 5:30pm right when it opens.Great place if you need to get away from all the Cajun/creole food of the region. We ordered the garlic mushrooms, green mussels and salad special for starters and then a small seafood paella.  We split everything and had plenty to eat for two people. I loved the sangria. Very refreshing. I embraced the smallness of the restaurant. Really fun, friendly and fantastic servers.Three of us ladies went last night. We had never dined together before so three different styles and tastes of people.  I said they were know for paella so two of us had seafood and my friend had the vegetable version.
Seafood paella was the worst my friend and I ever had. We ordered the medium size. It was over cooked  tiny bits of seafood. Dry. And tasteless. No seasoning to speak of and again dry. I would  not eaten it and left it all . But I was hungry and didn't want to waste money. Or be rude in front of my guests.    My guest said garlic soup was ok. My other guest said the garden salad was ok. And they charge a nominal fee for bread without mentioning it.   Service was good. But all three of us said we would rather spend $40 each elsewhere.Wow this place is as good as the recommendations!  It was so busy on Tuesday night we had to wait for a table for three altho the turnaround for twos is faster. The lamb chops were very delicious and the paella its good. Overall, great service and a very fun place to hang out. We will return.I think this may have been one of our favorite meals yet in New Orleans...and that's a lot of meals in NOLA over the past 13 years of visiting for business.  Can't go wrong with the Ceviche, Green Mussels, then the Lamb and Sausage/Chicken/Pork Paella with Red Sangria.  Can't wait to come back!For a food city such as New Orleans one would think that spanish restaurants would abound...not so.  A few exist but not as many as one would think.
Lola's is on Esplanade close to the Fairgrounds.  A small restaurant with atmosphere to spare.  we were in dire need of Sangria; something that is tough to find in the city in this post-K world.  They have it.  Not the best, but pretty darn good!  We started with an appetizer of Chirizo, Serrano ham and spanish cheeses...delicious!  From there we made our way toward the Cerviche.  There was nothing wrong with it but it was strictly fish and lemon juice served on a bed of romaine lettuce with diced tomatoes...it was eaten!  for the entree we split a combination Paella that had sausage, chicken, shrimp, scallops calamari and it was absolutely delicious!  Cooked to perfection...Lola's is a cool little place in a cool little neighborhood...don't expect fine dining but chill and roll!The paella's are the best I've ever had. You smell like the food once u leave and it's so tasty. You can see the kitchen and the paella are cooked on cast iron. So full of flavor and not soggy. The paella is perfection at Lola's. The shrimp appetizer is also to die for! Love love love.We've been to New Orleans a couple of times (pre-catrina) and recently a friend asked for restaurent references for there. Immediately we realized that this was our favorite. The atmosphere, friendly service (cute wait staff too) and the food were probably our best memory from this city. For all food lovers visiting the big easy, this is a must see!Loved the vegetarian paella the first time I had it.  The second time I had it, it was extremely salty.  After I stopped eating, I could lick my lips and still taste the salt.  I would like to think that's not the norm...so I'm rating this place four stars.  I was a bit bummed because I couldn't finish my plate because it was so salty.
Lentil soup was yummy and hit the spot.
I will say that for my first visit, I had a waitress who was very friendly.  Even when it was busy, she took the time to ask me if I'd like a second piece of bread.
The second visit, the waiter plopped my first piece of french bread on my plate with a "thunk".  And when I brought up that my paella was salty, he said "yes, I know it is."  I told him that it wasn't that salty the first time & he said he'd let the kitchen know.trying to find it was a little hard. its like a little hole in the wall. when we walked in we weren't greeted and when we told a waiter with an eye patch  we were a party of two he was very very rude and knowingly sat us at a disgustingly dirty table with food and wine stain dirty dishes and forks.. when we told him we would like to sit somwhere else because no had come to clean the table he got irritated and told said "sit wherever i don't care"..... other than that. we had the garlic soup which was amazing a tad salty but still great.. then we had the combination paella which has veggies seafood and meat.. it was absolutely delicious!!! i didnt have to add salt pepper or any extra seasoning to my food. and i love that.Always on the Money with product,  service and atmosphere.  We even dined here for New Years Eve and my comments held more than true.  the shrimp pasta is my fav with the crabmeat tropicale salad.  Always so fresh.  You just can't go wrong. Oh and Kid friendly.  The spoil my 8 year old and she remembers this clearly each visit.Seafood Paella was awesome. The almond suggest ice cream and flan were incredible. The salad was great. The bread was great. I would recommend this place just get there early. It kind of small but worth the wait.I don't feel like typing a long review. Place is di-lish!!!This was by far my favorite place to eat and still rates high up, but I stopped ordering the paella becuse they just do not give any amount of meat.  I still love all the other dishes, but for the price I think they could give a little more in the paellaYum!!!!  3 hours after a meal with the grandparents and my tummy is still happy.   The dark wooden chairs and simple white table cloths with the terracotta colored floors immediately reminded of fond memories of my meals in Madrid and Barcelona.  
The garlic butter spread for the pistolettes, shrimp and mushroom apps were flooded with delicious, sharp garlic.  The paellas, both seafood and meat, practically melted in mouth and were so delicately yet purposefully seasoned.  The pork tenderloin was enthusiastically inhaled by my fiance in a matter of seconds so I can't attest to its appeal.  He said it was great so I have to believe him.  We got the dessert sampler and the overall favorite was the chocolate cake.  It's flourless, dense, and insanely gratifying.  The sangria was delicious and had a nice blend of spices to add to the aftertaste and aroma.  Service was courteous, helpful and not too invasive.  
I am very sorry to hear about the original owner's recent passing.  He must be proud, wherever he is, to have such a wonderful establishment turning out such pleasant evenings as the one I had with my family tonight.Had the calamari and mushroom apps, seasonal salad, and combo Fiduea.  Everything right down to the bread and butter was ridiculously good.  Fiduea takes a little time but is sooooo worth it.  I've never had anything like it, and can't wait to go back.  And oh yeah, get the sangria.Delicious! One of the best paella dishes I've ever had! I've been to Lola's around 5 times now and it never lets me down. Every small plate and paella I've had has been delicious. Their sangria is good too! I recommend getting the grilled calamari, garlic shrimp, ceviche, and the combo paella to share!I came here two nights in a row while I was visiting new Orleans for a conference. Their vegetarian paella is one of the best things I've ever eaten!I must say I was truly hoping my friend and I could simply sit outside to enjoy the romantic breezy air tonight; but we were told that no we had to use the inside seating. The only two complaints I have here is the fact that it was unusually LOUD this evening. On the menu my friend pointed out that no more than a party of six are allowed to dine at each table but there were seven or so drunk members of a young party who were so LOUD they ruined the peaceful atmosphere and everyone was shouting above each other just to get in a word in edgewise. Another major issue that made it hard to enjoy my meal was the extremely cold and frigid temperature of the restaurant. The last time I ate here I can't ever recall it being so NOISY and RAUCOUS. Everyone here dining was challenged by this noisy party of seven and not one waiter or staff member would quiet these people down. The room temperature was freezing and the comforting mom and pop atmosphere that I once recalled was no longer applicable. I really love the food here. The paella is always prepared so well and the appetizers are fresh and creative but it's hard to enjoy your food with a friend when every customer must compete for SCREAMING SPACE. It's not peaceful to dine with such noise reverberating and echoing through a restaurant and I can't remember or recall a time when this restaurant had to crank up the AC so much. Please go back in time. People loved to come here for good food, intimate conversation and relaxing environment. The ambiance is just as important an experience as good quality food so please go back to a quieter time when people could just relax and enjoy. I miss the intimacy of the old Lola's. Don't let a few rowdy customers spoil it for everyone.  Oh yea before I forget.  I wanted an explanation of all the desserts on the menu since I was not sure of all the options.  I did order the chocolate chulaflan with my friend and I consumed most of it since I love chocolate but I was truly hoping it would be real flan and it wasn't.  This dessert is a chocolate truffle so I kind of wish there was a bit more explaining of what each dessert is prior to making up my mind.  What ever dish you choose you can't go wrong.  My main criticisms here was the NOISE level and the freezing cold temperature of the restaurant.  Both issues are major hindrances that can prevent one from fully enjoying a night out on the town.In my top 3 places to eat in NOLA!
The vegetarian paella is out of control!!  The flavors are intense and it's obviously made with love.  Let me backtrack.  We started with the sangria, not too sweet, perfect.  My friend ordered the almond soup which was incredible but she thought it was pretty filling for an appetizer.  I ordered the tasty lentil soup to start, mmm!  My friend's entree was the pesto spinach linguini and it was just as good as the paella.  I'm so glad she couldn't finish it all and let me take home her leftovers.  Oh wait, the bread that comes out before the meal is incredible.  We both thought the bread came with butter so we didn't eat it but by the looks of the reviews it's a garlic/oil spread so now I'm to go back to try it.  
It's a small place with few tables.  We came at around 8pm during the week, maybe a Wednesday, so we were able to sit right away.  I tried to come back on a Thursday but there was close an hour and a half wait so either come prepared to wait or come earlier in the week.I cant give Lola's 5 stars...yet. I've been hearing great things about this place so I finally got around to it last night and have no regrets. I wasnt the hugest fan of the calamari steak (thats the only way I can describe it) appetizer,but my date and i split a med combo pallela and it was wonderful and even after totally pigging out there was still more wow haha. The service was awesome!  Not a very big place and they dont take reservations but they were happy to serve drinks outside to those waiting. I will go back :)Everything was absolutely stellar. Food, service, atmosphere, and drinks were all top notch. If you have time, ask for a tour of the distillery. Lola's is great. 10/10 would recommendVery interesting place. We waited for about an hour. But the food is worth waiting. We had lamb stew and meet is tander and flavorful. We also ordered paella which is also fresh and tasty. The price of this place has gone up quite a bit though...Lola's is truly the BEST food I've had in New Orleans, serving traditional Spanish dishes that have influenced the local Creole cuisine for centuries. It's a local secret in the Mid-City area. If you want the "local" experience with a twist, definitely go here. (HINT: Seating is tight and fills up quickly, so if you will be dining on the weekends try to get there around 5:30pm before the rush.)
ORDER EVERYHTING. No, but really. Everything is prepared fresh and seasoned well.  Out of all the times I've been there, I've yet to be disappointed. Every appetizer, from the mussels in vinaigrette to the garlic mushrooms, have tasted incredible. One Side note about the calamari:  It isn't in the form of deep-fried rings, instead it comes out pan seared and in a patty, sliced in strips. Believe me, it's better this way. 
The Seafood Paella is a very popular main dish, and can be prepared to split between four people. Other personal favorites include: Shrimp Pasta, Pork Loin and my father's personal favorite: the Rack of Lamb.   
Their desserts are all homemade and act as the perfect "cherry on top" to the best dinner you'll have in New Orleans.
Oh, and before I forget, here's one final tip: You will want to ask for extra of their homemade whipped olive oil and garlic. They serve this as a spread for their bread. You can thank me later.This restaurant is one of my best memories of New Orleans.  With no reservations - the line is long to get in.  For a good reason.  Fortunately, we can hop across the street and purchase a bottle of wine while we lollygag outside waiting for a table to open inside Lola's.  Favorites: family style paella and the lamb is incredible.  My friend had the soup with almonds - I'm sorry I don't recall the name - but it was delicious.  As was the sangria.  This is where I have my "last supper" with my friends who are locals to that neighborhood.  Save the best for last.  :)What a treat it was to find this place our first night in the beautiful neighborhood of Bayou St. John. The lamb stew hit the spot and the service was great. This is definitely a recommended spot if you're heading up Esplanade. After your delicious meal, just take a stroll down this gorgeous street!My boyfriend and I were staying in the neighborhood and decided to try out Lola's for our last night in New Orleans. After all the heavy local fare that we had been eating in the French Quarter for the previous week, Lola's was a nice departure. I ordered the roasted duck breast and he had the spinach linguine with chicken. We immediately regretted not ordering paella - the house specialty - when it showed up at the next table, but forgot our regrets as soon as our food arrived. The duck was tender and delicious, served in a fig sauce with mashed potatoes, and the pasta was full of flavor. Although I rarely order pasta in restaurants, I would definitely order this dish. It was loaded with artichoke hearts and olives, and the sauce was to die for. 
I should also mention the bread with garlic aioli that they serve before your meal. I'm sure I could have eaten nothing but bread and been perfectly content. Just a warning though: they charge 25 cents per bun, which they probably have to do in order to keep up with the customers who keep asking for more. We will undoubtedly be back to try the paella next time we're in New Orleans.Both my hubby and I are vegetarian and Lola's was one of the few restaurants recommended for vegetarians in NOLA. I was impressed with their selection. I am also gluten-free and had no trouble ordering a gluten-free, vegetarian meal that was heavenly. We ordered Garlic Mushrooms, Gazpacho, Vegetarian Paella, Flourless Chocolate Cake, and Hazelnut Ice Cream. Full flavor palettes in everything we tried with spice and citrus thrown in. Lola's is quant, and the food is delicious!GREAT little neighborhood restaurant a short cab ride from the French Quarter. GO - you won't be sorry.  The paella and sangria was excellent...nice ambience also.
I'd recommend Lola's to everyone.We had a great experience at Lola's. The server was attentive and knowledgeable. We all got appetizers and split the large combination paella which was plenty of food for 3 of us and we still had a good amount left. The fabada soup was perfect before the paella and the sangrias were delicious. It's definitely a small place with few tables so get there as soon as they open for immediate seating.Ooooo I love how they have such delicious to the bone garlic soup and garlic mushrooms, i mean my breath but whatever the garlic soo good, hehe.  I had this fish dish its like excellent n excellent, I am glad I found this authentic spanish place n the dessert, this almond nougat must go for!This is one of my wife and I's favorite restaurants in New Orleans!  It is located in a very cozy little house on Esplanade so we try to get there before the dinner period or get our name on the list for a late dinner.  It is not a good place for groups larger than four.  
The atmosphere is amazing and has a very Bohemian feel to it with local art hanging on the wall and small mis-matched tables and chairs.  They bring around warm bread upon being seated and the smell fills the whole room.  We always get a bottle (or two) of their house made sangria which is some of the best I've ever had.  It's  got a small amount of carbonation and is a little tart.  I've never been able to replicate it and they won't give any secrets away!
I'm ashamed to say I've only tried a couple of menu items at Lola's because I can't get away from their paella!  The rice is cooked perfectly with a layer of toasted rice on the bottom and it is creamy and rich.  Seafood, meat, or combo, you can't go wrong.  The ceviche is also a great starter.  
This is absolutely one of the best date night / first date restaurant's in town.  Talking over great wine, sangria and a shared plate of paella is what it's all about!Mariscos was amazing. I cannot wait to go back just for that. One of the specials was a meatball and red sauce appetizer, that was equally tasty. Full of flavor and tenderness. The seafood paella (small) was more than enough and I was able to take home half. This was a great find! We will definitely be back! Thank you!This is a go too for my wife and I, we always have the garlic mushrooms and the seafood paella.    They have a very reasonable corkage.      Brussels sprouts and capresse salad are also very goodMarvelous meal. Enjoyed everything we ordered and split immensely. Bread w garlic spread (not butter, even better), garlic mushrooms, salad, and meat paella. Kitchen was a little slow, but otherwise a fine meal and one I will look forward to repeating the next time I visit Nola.The food is very good! The seafood paella is the best. Soft fresh bread with garlic aioli. The crabmeat salad is very good. For desert the flan will satisfy your sweet tooth. Also, be sure to get the homemade sangria.First ...and last...time here. I've heard tremendous positive word of mouth comments about this place. The reality of my visit was a pretty big letdown. "Pretentious " was the only word I could think the entire time we were there.
The food palate was bitter, extreme spice, and overwhelming garlic. Otherwise,  there appeared to be no flavor of the food itself.
And pricey.
The crowd ( yes...there was a wait for seats) would probably present a different viewpoint, which is fine. 
I'll simply go elsewhere.Food is great ..... This place made us to wait over 1 hour , front line at least can tell us about waiting time or wouldn't put us on the list . Front line has to know about capacity and has to manage time for costumers ..very amateur ,poor front line service they have . You are making money but don't wanted to hire a presentable , more professional front line service at least on weekends .Lola's was our favorite meal in New Orleans (close tie with Port of Call). Like any other NOLA place, as nice as it is, it's still not super upscale. The food though.... I was so happy when we left. 
We started with a bottle of bubbly because we thought it would be a great compliment to all the garlic and seafood flavors. We weren't wrong. Not to mention wine prices here are so dang cheap. 
To start we got the garlic mushrooms and antipasti plate- manchego and bleu cheese, chorizo, chicken liver pate, Serrano ham and spicy olives. Both of these were SO good. I'm a sucker for meats and cheeses, and this place did them very well. The chicken liver was excellent and mild (I'm typically pretty sensitive with my liver). And the mushrooms were perfectly cooked and juicy and garlicky oh I'm drooling thinking about them.
We did soup after that, I got the garlic soup and my bf got the marisco soup. The garlic was fantastic, they slowly mix in egg yolk during prep which gives it this rich body, and it's topped with a soggy piece of toast. And garlic, who doesn't love garlic. The marisco my bf had was delicious too, stuffed with seafood, he ate the whole thing. It's a red broth base, a lot of flavor. 
We shared the combination paella for 2 after that. We could have shared the serving for 1. That's for sure. To be quite honest, the chicken was overcooked and I would have liked to see more sausage. Only one of the 3 mussels was open, and one of the shrimp wasn't cleaned properly. That being said, the flavors were delicious. The rice soaks up all the goodness from the proteins. So yummy. I wish there had been a little bit more burnt crunchy rice on the bottom, but oh well. Slightly disappointed. 
The almond flan was fantastic. I don't care that it's super simple, it was great. 
All in all great experience.This place is amazing. Be prepared to wait to be seated. The service is hit or miss. But if you love garlic, as I do, this place will easily become a favorite.Great Spanish food! To start off, they bring out some bread and what I thought was butter, but actually was whipped olive oil, garlic and lemon juice and it was insanely good. For appetizers, we got the Garlic Shrimp that we really enjoyed and the Gazpacho which was super refreshing. For dinner, we both got paella (seafood and meat) which were so vibrant and tasty. Service was a bit slow, but food was worth it.Delish paella, full of seafood and wonderful-ness.
Friendly service and outstanding dessert trio. What more could a girl want?Great prices, food is well thought out and not over complicated as well as delicious. Service, brisk. Overall for this city great neighborhood place with extreme value!!Lola's, when it was new in the 90's, had excellent Paella.  The last time I went, it was bland and service was questionable.I love this place. All the apps I've had are perfect. This visit we had the garlic shrimp, ceviche, and the grilled calamari which are all delicious. My favorite dish is the lamb chops.  Tonight my 2 friends and I all got this . I love all the fish dishes as well.  The service is on point. Can't wait to go back and grab some crabmeat tropical to go after jazz fest.We came here after Jazz Fest and it was beyond amazing. We quickly got a table with their efficient staff. We had a bit of a wait for service, but the food out did any problem there. We had the combo paella which was delicious and filled with meat. We also had the rainbow trout. It melted in my mouth. While we were waiting for food, we were able to enjoy a bottle of sangria...mmm! This place is a real gem!Stopped by this little spot with my husband on a Monday night. Location is rather tight for seating as it looks as though it is a restaurant within a former living room. However, location looks great for an intimate early dinner or casual bite with great company. We arrived around 7pm to a relatively empty room, however, within minutes of filling my glass a 2nd time with the ever so smooth and deliciously home made sangria, the entire restaurant was packed! (They immediately had a wait list of 30 mins+) 
We ordered the ceviche appetizer and the marisco soup. Both were very appetizing. For our main dishes we ordered the meat paella and the seafood fiduea (this is fideo for those of you who probably ate this as a kid). Unfortunately, we ordered one of each in the 1 person serving and thought we could share off of each other--big mistake as these portions are pretty generous, especially if you have drinks and appetizers. Should you plan on ordering the following, stick to the 1 serving, it's plenty for 2. 
We did not have dessert this time, as we made plans at another location for late night treats. However, definitely would return to try the rest of the menu.I cannot wait to go back to Lola's. You can make a super fun Friday evening starting off at Swirl Wine Bar free wine tasting across the street, bringing over a bottle of wine and drinking it while you wait for your table in the humble Lola's as they will graciously pop it open for you and provide glasses, then heading on in when your name is called and sitting down to a delightful meal full of fresh ingredients and accompanied by great sangria.
This is a great place to go with a small group of friends. Sharing is the way to go here. When I went we ordered a couple small plates (the garlic mushrooms were truly a delight) and then split a large fideos, which is like their paella but with small noodles instead. It was so so good crispy on the outside where the noodles hit the searing hot pan and deliciously buttery and garlicky towards the center. We split a large between 3 people and were totally satisfied and had a little leftover. We got the veggie option and it was great! Cannot wait to go back to try more from the menu. Make sure to order a couple bottles of sangria... mmmmmm.As Jessica mentioned, Lola's does have their own wine list. You can still bring your own bottle and I believe the corkage fee remains ridiculously cheap. 
We started with the Garlic Shrimp, Mussels, and Crabmeat and a few bottles of Sangria. There is a vinaigrette on the Mussels that is absolutely divine. The Shrimp were excellent and the Crabmeat was on top of an avocado with croutons--tasty. 
I took a leap of faith and did not order the seafood paella (but my friend did, yay!).  They were out of Kalamata olives for the spinach linguine and I am sure the dish would have been better with them. I also remained meatless. 
Also got to try a bit of the Duck Breast with fig sauce. It was expectedly a little sweet, but nicely done.  The Seafood Paella still stole the show, though. I think if you order a size larger than a single serving, the rice remains more moist and delicious. I have had few things in New Orleans that hit the spot better than this dish.Lola's is definitely in my top 10 favorite New Orleans restaurants. I've been frequenting this little place for years and I've eaten here over 20 times and it really is always good. 
Lately, I've been trying to eat less carbs (post holiday season) so we opted out of the delicious bread they bring out after you sit down. They serve it with this garlic aioli that I could just eat with a spoon, and I have. I ordered the caprese salad, good, but tomatoes weren't ripe (yes, I know it's January) and too much balsamic vinegar. The mozzarella and tomato should be sprinkled not drowned. My mom ordered the fabadda, a white bean stew, it was a little salty. For our main entree, I ordered the trout sans rice and my mom order the grilled tuna. Both came with sauteed vegetables. My trout, skin on, was to DIE for. I ate the whole thing and didn't look up 'til I was finished.Have not been to Lola's since the owner passed away. I think his children are managing the Restaurant. I have to say I believe the service is sloppy. We asked for 2 Sangrias and he forgot!! I asked again and we finally got the Sangria. 
The ambiance is Bohemian.  The staff is a little like a Chinese fire drill, but the delish food is definitely worth it in spite of the odd staff. 
I had the salmon, and we split the house salad. Both were excellent. The meat Paella was very tasty!!!
I would have given Lola's a 5 star rating, if not for the service. I will be back, as the culinary delights are well worth the visit.My friend and I dined at Lola'a a few days ago to celebrate his acceptance to the Tulane Neuroscience graduate program.  Located in a pretty residential area, the restaurant has an assortment of outdoor seating that greeted us at the door.  We arrived around 8 PM and were promptly seated in the colorful and intimate dining room with walls covered in local artwork and rustic tables and chairs.  Having read about the homemade Sangria and seafood paella, I sampled each, and my friend ordered the antipasto and caldereta.  We opted for red Sangria, which was quite tasty, and nibbled on an assortment of meats and cheeses and crispy french bread with aioli.  Our server was a friendly woman who gladly answered my questions about the menu, and as I was unfamiliar with aioli, she explained the ingredients and preparation of the traditional sauce--it's yummy, just make sure your dining companions try it too because of the strong garlic flavor!  We were served sizable portions of food that arrived artfully prepared; however, while I enjoyed the paella, it was no match to the homemade paella I've had at a friend's house.  Next time, I'll order the caldereta, which was perfectly tender and flavorful.  My friend and I decided this is a great third date restaurant, as did the numerous couples that trickled into the restaurant around 8:30 PM how Spanish of them!).  Overall, good restaurant.For appetizers, we had the grilled calamari and the ceviche. Both dishes were bland. The calamari had a sauce which was spicy. The ceviche had too much lemon/lime on it. 
We also had the seafood paella which was tasty. I would only come back for this. 
It took over an hour for us to get our food. (Thursday night)I'm different yeah I'm different... pull up on the scene with my ceiling missin'....
I dined here with my friend S.G. "I'm different", on a day that we went to Jazzfest but didn't go to Jazzfest..
The food was very good.
I had the garlic chicken and Mr. S.G. had the Paella.
We also had excellent service.
I would definitely go here again and recommend it.We ordered a small paella and a lamb dish with a bottle of sangria. Everything was PERFECT, and I was sad to leave when we were done eating. Do yourself a favor and eat everything on the menu; I wish I lived close enough to do so!Amazing little joint. If you go anytime after 7 expect a hefty wait but don't fret, buy a bottle of Sangria and enjoy yourself on the patio outside. The hostess even offered us bug spray! Once inside you'll appreciate a quaint little restaurant with EXCELLENT food. We got and amazing crabmeat app, a caprese salad, and of course enjoyed their bread and garlic Aioli that is to die for. By the time we got our vegetarian paella we were already stuffed but it was so incredibly flavorful we couldn't stop eating it anyways! Service was excellent as was their homemade sangria. It's been a long time since I've been to a restaurant where I loved EVERYTHING about it.I love this place.  You have to get the paella.  I used to only get the veggie paella but got seafood the other night and that was awesome too.  It has been years since I have gotten something besides the paella but I remember them being great too.  
For an appetizer the always get the garlic mushrooms.  So amazing.  The butter for the bread is whipped garlic.  Intense.  Def a good date place but you are both going to have some nasty breath with all the garlic.  It is worth it though.   I have gotten the muscles, the ceviche and the cheese and meat place.  All great but don't pass up the mushrooms.  
Great wines.  Sangria is good too but I personally like wine more.  Be prepared to wait for a table if you come with more than a date.  Worth it though.  One of my favorite places.  (it is me and my lady's first restaurant and anniversary place so fi that is not a recommendation then I don't know what is).This is probably the oldest Spanish tapas restaurant in New Orleans and they have been around long enough to know what they're doing.  I really like Lola's and they have some great food here.  I also really LOVE garlic and they make some great aioli here!  They offer their sangria in your choice of both a white AND a red so you can satisfy the most discerning wino.   The tapas and the entrees here are all excellent and they really excel with their soups and stews.  Their garlic soup isn't as good to me as the one at Barcelona Tapas but it is a close second.   Their paella seems to be one of the weaker items on the menu for consistency as when it is good it is very good but when it is off it isn't so good so I usually opt for something else.  The restaurant itself is a bit small and crowded but somehow that just adds to the ambiance and it just occasionally makes you forget you're not in Spain as you enjoy your meal.  The prices are a bit high for what you get and the parking can sometimes be inconvenient but I've always enjoyed myself when dining here.Excellent food and service in this cute little neighborhood restaurant. We had the combination paella for two of us and my son decided to try duck for the first time. It practically vanished from his plate he loved it so much. The paella was excellent and I could drink that sangria all day long.I was so excited to try a local place after an amazing time at Swirl around the corner...but the experience didn't quite live up to my expectations.  The sangria was nice, but we paid the corkage fee to open a very nice bottle of wine.  Then they didn't leave the cork. Bummer.  The roasted cauliflower app was great but then the paella was sort of OK only (I had better in Boston).  Then they stopped checking on us and it took forever to get the bill.   I get the relaxed laid back Spanish vibe and love it.  But they need to just be more aware of what would take them to the next level.
MHad seen a number of negative Yelp reviews based on service but decided to try it anyway.  Good move!!!  Every bit of the meal was fresh and flavorful.  Bread came with a delicious concoction that looked like butter but was actually olive, lemon, salt and LOTS of garlic.  Light and crazy good.  Excellent seafood paella, and the crabmeat tropicale was one of best appetizers that I've ever had. Service was friendly and on-point.  Great meal!1 word DELICIOUS! paella is by far my fav. BYOB is also a plus. Can't wait to go backThings that are to die for here: 1. The bread, and the garlic olive oil/butter spread stuff they serve it with. 2. The garlic shrimp appetizer. 3. The caldereta (lamb stew). 4. The grilled rainbow trout. 5. The flourless chocolate cake (get it with a scoop of nougat ice cream). 6. The special, whatever it is, every time I've ordered it.
Unfortunately, the paellas and fideuas are generally overcooked, sometimes to the point of mushiness. I'd suggest you pick almost anything else.  
Lovely romantic atmosphere, good wine, and great homemade sangria.I'm glad that I forgot about my other visit (see negative review below). I returned and I love this place now. Red Sangria, yummy bread with that garlicky buttery stuff, and the bean soup - I think it's called fabado . An excellent meal. I will definitely make a point to head here when we get our next cool front.I've been here 2hrs and haven't been seated. My 4pax apparently can't be seated in a 2x2 table. Thank god for the rainLola's is one of my favorite little dining experiences in the city. The Seafood Fideua is actually my favorite item on the menu although everyone around us seems to get the traditional meat Paillas. There are also these mushrooms in this garlic sauce on the appetizer list that come in a skillet that is absolutely incredible to dip with your bread. And speaking of garlic...one word: "butter." I'm not even sure how they make their butter, but I assure you it is just an explosion of garlic flavor. At this point in my review, please know that if you do not like garlic, this may not be the place for you because it is literally in everything. Luckily for Lola's, I adore the idea of too much garlic in everything. 
I also like that you can bring a bottle of wine to share here. The sangria is what everyone seems to get here and that is very good too but I'm not a huge sangria fan so wine is just more drinkable over a meal for me personally. Also, I hate buying bottles of wine out at restaurants unless there is a special exception because everyone knows you are overpaying by like 80% retail value. So....ya know....maybe that makes me a little "cheap"...but I just like that they are flexible about the wine situation. It just helps me relax sometimes to just bring one I know I like rather than sifting through a long winded wine list and trying to find a reasonably priced bottle. By the way, I have had their red table wine by the glass and thought it was great quality and I'm a pretty steady red wino. So if you did not bring a bottle of your own, never fear, they do have a good selection. 
I love the cozy atmosphere and the big family style skillets of pailla and feud here! For two people, an appetizer and a small fedua was honestly enough food for us. I mean the pailla and fedua is basically a whole skillet of carbs so it gets pretty filling pretty quickly. However, I love going with a group so you can alternate between pailla and fedua and get the best of both worlds. Sharing is definitely the way to go at Lola's. Plus it is such an intimate dining atmosphere, sharing only feels right amongst good company at Lola's. This place is definitely perfect for a little date night spot or a small group of close friends.During our visit to New Orleans we dinned in several highly rated restaurants in the Warehouse District and French Quarter. However Lola's at City Park takes my spot for best meal of the trip.
If you find yourself near City Park do yourself a favor and visit this restaurant. The place is small and you might have to wait a bit, but it is worth it.
I have not tried their main dishes, instead we decided and recommend  (for 2 people) to order red sangria, 1 order of tapas, 2 soups ("mariscos" and "fabada") and 1 small fideau (if you prefer a traditional paella go with that instead)
Lola's will certainly be in my plans if I ever visit New Orleans again. This place is a hidden gem.Went to Lola's on our trip to New Orleans. Wanted to try something different and this definitely was a winner. Quaint restaurant away from the French quarter. Seemed more of a local's place. We were seated right away. The restaurant is small and has may be 10-15 tables. The ambiance is casual and everyone is really friendly here.
The server introduced herself...very friendly and helpful. We ordered the Garlic mushrooms and bread. Both were sooo flavorful. We wanted to order more bread but they were unfortunately out of it :(
We ordered the Veg Paella for 2 between the 4 of us. It took them a good amount of time but I know Paella's take that much time. I just wish we could have ordered it right away. The veg Paella was just out of this world. It was loaded with veggies and lemon wedges. Never had such a good veg one anywhere so I'm going to miss it. We asked for the hot sauce and it took the flavor to the next level! The portion was good enough for the 4 of us! 
Overall, LOVED my experience here. If you happen to be in NOLA and want to try something the locals go to, this is a MUST-GO!This is one of the best spots to get tapas in New Orleans! The atmosphere is comfortable and the service is casual. Perfect for a date night. I always get the house made sangria. The last time I went I fell in love with the calamari (which is not something I usually order anywhere). The seafood soup was hearty and served with warm pistolettes and garlic aioli. The paella is a must! I was not impressed with the dessert but the after dinner espresso made up for it.l  will be there for my birthday tomorrow with my wife. Plan to order garlic shrimp, seafood paella, lamb chops and a bottle of sangria. I always enjoy this combination.Nice little place. The sangria is awesome and I really enjoyed the piaya. The table next to me was a large group and ordered a gigantic piaya for the whole table. It looked really good and was enough to feed an army. Looking forward to going back.Dear Lola's, Gracias for the wifi. Otherwise, it would have been much more difficult to yelp a dinner alternative after the over-salted, anticlimactic appetizers. The only highlight was the wine...and we brought our own. The service was also ok, thats why I raised it to two stars.What a great restaurant!! We just had one of those perfect nights where food and friends and family converge in the most wonderful way. 
There were five of us for dinner, three locals, two tourists, celebrating a friend's birthday. We had sangria, white and red, both were happy and refreshing. We ordered several appetizers, one was a special kabob with fish and sausage, there were these amazing mushrooms, a savory vegetable bread pudding, mussels, and crab and avocado salad. We all had a great time sharing and oohing and aahing over our favorite bites.
Then we got the entrees! Trout, tuna, pork loin, and a seafood paella (with angel hair past instead of rice, can't remember the word for it). Huge portions, delicious flavors, more sharing, more amazement at the perfection of the whole experience. 
It was topped off by a truly decadent chocolate dessert, topped with candles for our birthday boy! 
The whole evening was just delightful, the service was impeccable, so friendly and nice, lots of smiles and happiness. I really just can't say enough about how much I appreciated the whole experience of this special restaurant. 
Highly recommended, I know my friends here go there often, lucky them!! I look forward to returning and trying the rest of the menu! Thank you Lola's!!!!!Antoine, Commanders, Brennegans...  We come back to New Orleans from California and it is a testament to their food that the menu really hasn't changed in 15 years...  Gotta come here and eat..  Local place, local people,  garlic, and super friendly wait staff.  Sangria was good but if you prefer you can bring your own beverage and reasonable corkage fee.Pretty good, a little expensive in my mind for what it is, a rice dish with some meat. But the flavor was very good. Didn't have to wait very long, but I hear that is not the norm.I've eaten at Lola's many times and it's very consistent. The stuffed mushroom appetizer is excellent, as are the garlic shrimp and the Brussels sprouts. Many of the selections at Lola's are VERY garlicky and include very generous amounts of butter and/or olive oil, but delicious.
The bread with garlic aioli is yummy (served to all diners), and the sangria is good, though very sweet. I have only had the red but over the years have consumed a lot of it.
I don't like paella in general, so I never order it. I have heard both good and bad things about the paella.
In addition to excellent food, probably the best thing about Lola's is the positive vibe, neighborhoody feel, and warm environment. I've never had bad service here (though sometimes things have moved slower than I wanted.)  It's a casual place and the waitstaff are generally personable.
Just a general comment from reading other reviews: I don't understand why someone would try to go to Lola's with a party of 15. The place is small and designed for parties of 2-4. Not the place for large groups. It will throw off the whole staff and possibly mess up the evening for other diners.If you ever crave Paella and other authentic Spanish delicacies, then I highly suggest you check out this small and quaint restaurant in Bayou St. John. Living by City Park made Lola's one of our favorite spots to visit for a nice meal. 
On our last visit we started off with the usual: a bottle of their red wine sangria with mixed fresh fruits and a loaf of their freshly baked warm bread served with the most amazing garlic butter on earth. 
Next, an assortment of their tapas: calamari salad, oysters, garlic mushrooms and crab meat salad. The Crab meat is tossed with their homemade alioli sauce served over avocado on a bed of lettuce. Yum! And for the main dish the obvious choice is always the seafood paella which is really delicious and tastes just as good if not better than some paella dishes I tasted while travelling in Barcelona a few years back (of course the setting and views are not comparable). To finish off, we never leave without sharing a piece of their flour less dark chocolate cake which is to die for and leaves us usually fighting for the last piece. (see menu) 
for photos see blog post: 
http://hungrynomadeats.blogspot.com/2012/01/authentic-spanish-food-at-lolas-new.htmlVery small, the kitchen is in the seating area so be prepared to smell the lovely Lola's aroma on you the rest of your evening. However, the food is delicious, the service is good and the Sangria is a must!I love an intimate, neighborhood kind of spot, and Lola's is exactly that. 
First of all, be prepared to wait. It's worth it! Just build it into your expectations. You can order some house-made sangria or a bottle of wine while you wait, so what's the problem? It's Spanish food in New Orleans, this isn't supposed to be rushed. 
My husband is a huge paella fan, so I'd expected to get an order to share, but we were both so wooed by the regular entrees that we ended up going that route. Next time though, I'll heed all the reviews before me and try it out! 
Our food was fresh (so fresh!) and delicious, our service was great, and the ambiance was perfect. I'll absolutely be back!Sucks . Waiting for 1hr for service. Will recommend no body. We tried twice and the service is terrible. If you can not accommodate large party more than six people , tell them! Don't waist out time.Best garlic mushrooms ever! However, the place was too noisy. To be fair every seat was filled, but a few acoustic tiles would do wonders. The service was slow but super friendly, and the ambiance was otherwise super. My entree was over cooked and took an hour to get to my table, but my wife's linguini was spot on. I would probably go back one more time.This was the first restaurant we went to on our epic culinary journey through New Orleans and it was so good we went back again on our last night. This unassuming neighborhood spot far away from the French Quarter is a real gem. I'm not sure a pork loin can be more perfectly seasoned and cooked. My wife loved the duck, so much that she ordered it both times. For my 2nd meal I tried the seafood fiduella, which is paella with angel hair pasta instead of rice, and did not regret my decision for a minute. Yum! If I ever make it back to NO I will go out of my way to eat here again.Another great meal tonight from Lola's. The divine paella is still the best. The mark of a great restaurant is consistency and Lola's is consistently great all the time. The new feature besides my usual seafood paella was the wonderful spice garlic brussels sprouts. I have never eaten brussels sprouts before but these were intense. If you are a garlic fan like me Lola's is the place for a world class dinner experience without the world class price.After hearing great things about the Spanish food here I was not impressed by their ceviche and paella. They used already cooked white rice and then added whatever you chose the paella to be. To be fair though it did not taste terribly bad , but it definitely did not have the color, texture or taste of a paella.  The ceviche was not good . 
I would probably not return.Two of my friends and I decided on girl's night at Lola's for two reasons: 1) sangria and 2) paella. Damn, we were impressed. First, the hostess was so nice, letting us sit on the owner's porch right next door with our sangria while we waited. We were told it would be an hour but only waited 20 minutes! Oh, and the sangria was fantastic: a perfect balance between fruity sweet and crispy wine. 
Inside, the atmosphere is both intimate and boisterous. It's a small space, which makes it comfortable, but also allows for sound to carry.  
The bread is not free, but very cheap ($.30) and comes with the most delicious, spicy garlic butter. As for the seafood paella, my friend said the flavors, technique and overall dish was true to the paella she has had in Spain. 
¡Lola's fue increíble!Oh, how the times do change. It used to be that Lola's was cash only AND BYOB, but I went there for dinner this week and discovered that neither of these things are the case. They take credit cards AND they serve booze. Not sure what prompted the change, but it's certainly more convenient to eat there now that you don't have to hit up the ATM and a wine shop beforehand. 
Even though Lola's has implemented these (relatively) drastic changes, the menu hasn't changed since the first time I went there five years ago, and the food is as amazing as it's always been. 
They have the best tomato basil (usually called caprese) salad I've had anywhere, which is saying a lot because this is something I often order when I see it on a menu. Ordinarily, I get the salmon (which is fantastic), but this time I opted for soup and salad, in an attempt to save room for desert. Even though I wasn't terribly hungry after my salad and lentil soup (which was pretty good, but not as good as, say, Mona's or Lebanon's--try the garlic soup instead) I was committed, and ordered almond nougat ice cream for dessert. By the time I got it, I could only manage to eat about a third of it (the portion was significantly larger than I expected), but it was still worth it. Next time I'll skip the soup and just do salad and desert. And booze, of course. Can't forget the booze!
Speaking of which, this is the first time I've had dinner at Lola's without bringing a bottle of wine (or two), so I had an opportunity to try their sangria. It was quite good; I'll definitely order it again. 
Lola's is both an excellent date spot (in spite of, or perhaps because of, the intensely garlicky aioli they serve avec pistolettes before your meal) and a great place for vegetarians. They've got several vegetarian options, all highlighted in green text, so if you're accustomed to only having one thing to choose from on the menu, Lola's will require a bit more deliberation than you're used to. (Personally, I always struggle with this. Decisions, decisions.)
Pro tip: if you're on a date, it's definitely best to make sure both of you eat the aioli, or not. In the event that one party opted not to try the aioli, I guarantee the goodnight kiss will be ruined for both parties. Trust me.i could literally eat everything off the tapas menu and die happy.  when i got to heaven i'd have the combination paella.  then i would probably ask for bread to smother with garlic aioli as dessert.  lola's does no wrong.  definitely one of my favorite restaurants in this city; ain't nothin' else like it!I had not stepped into a Spanish restaurant in years and Lola's quaint space and the fact that it was packed on a Tuesday night had me at first sight.
We sat by the kitchen and started with a glass of sangria, it was perfect! We could taste the wine and brandy along with the fruits soaked in it.
We opened with the ceviche and crabmeat tropical. The ceviche was fresh, citrusy and perfectly balance. The crabmeat was a beautiful surprise creamy and fresh, it just melted away. These two were the big winners of the night.
We followed that with the Ajoblanco which is a traditional Andalusia almond soup and for us a calculated risk. While it's packed with flavor it was just a weird dish to us since it fell right on the sweet/savory line and really confused us as to wether it was a savory dish or desert. Since it's a cold soup I can see how it fits into the summer soup realm like gazpacho. 
Up next was the calamari and for us the most underwhelming dish of the night. It just lacked flavor and the side sauce was overpowering.
To close out the night we had the garlic mushroom and special tapa of the night garlic Brussels Sprouts. Both dishes were full of flavor but the Brussels sprouts stood up better to the garlic while the mushrooms were lost in it.
We will definitely be back since we are curious to try the paella and desserts which we didn't get to this time since we were sooooo full.This place was just OK for us, and I was disappointed because I like the location and the funky spot itself.  The tapas were hit and miss for us, but the main weak spot for me was the seafood paella.  The seafood itself was overdone, and the rice was not properly cooked.  Where was the nice crusty bottom (socarrat)?  Perhaps I need to give this place another try and order more tapas.
The sangria also left a little to be desired--I prefer mine more dry!  Hoping that other people have better luck ordering the best items.Lola's far exceeded the amazing job they normally do! They had two vegan specials in addition to their normal vegan options. And holy cow, they were incomparable. It was the best vegan food I have ever been served in New Orleans. Please keep the roasted cauliflower and veggie stew on the menu always!!!! Thank you for a wonderful experience, as always.The food was great, and it was nice to get out of the crowds of New Orleans without having to go too far. Husband got lamb and we loved it. Also had the red sangria which I enjoyed but was a little sweet for him (but he's not a sangria guy). We also enjoyed the ceviche. Service was fast and friendly. Don't forget you can bring your own wine and beer!This is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans, and that's saying a lot because I've eaten at my fair share of NOLA spots.  It's away from the touristy quarter on the quieter Esplanade. You can tell that more locals eat here, which is something I definitely look for in NOLA restaurant spots.  We stumbled in upon the recommendation of the innkeeper at HH Whitney House- a to-die-for bed and breakfast that is a couple of blocks up the road from Lola's. We were "done" with the touristy stuff for the evening and wanted a good, relaxed, close by meal.  
The sangria has spoiled me for life- most of the time I don't even bother with Sangria at restaurants or parties anymore because all the others simply pale in comparison to the bottled magic red Sangria they make and serve at Lola's.
The bread is unbelievable and the garlic spread is to die for. The grilled calamari is very unique- a definite must order.  
The standout dish- and probably what most people visit for- is the paella, which is prepared FRESH with real rice- not the minute kind- so expect to wait about 30 minutes for your food. Completely worth it. 
It's amazing when you can go to a fabulous dinner and get two appetizers, two bottles of wine, three main dishes, bread, salads, and walk away for about $100.  
Be prepared to wait for a table. And prepare to be amazed.The best paella...ever.
Don't even start.
A must eat if you are visiting NOLA.  Bring your favorite bottle of wine, because there's no corkage fee and they're happy to serve.
I wouldn't advise a large group because you'll be waiting a while.  Actually, you'll be waiting even for two but you know what they say about those who wait.  Exactly.This cozy little restaurant is my idea of dining heaven!  I've been there several times now, and it's been consistently good! The food is so flavorful! I often get the salmon and it's prepared to perfection!  I've tried various specials and never been disappointed. But that's not all! Also consistent is their level of customer service. It's exceptional because it's authentic!  The staff there seem like genuinely lovely people in addition to being skilled servers.  You'll leave smelling like the place, and if it's busy, you might suffer some minor hearing loss but it's ALL WORTH IT, I tell you! 
If I lived in Mid city I'd probably eat there weekly. I love Lola's!Love this place! The food and service are wonderful and the portions are super generous-the small paella really could be split between 2 people. Very vegan friendly! I got the vegetable paella, brussel sprouts for an appetizer, and even the aioli that they bring with the bread is vegan (no egg). Corkage fee for wine is $7. The atmosphere is cozy and warm. Would probably not be a good spot for a big group but is perfect for 2-4.Wandered into here during a recent trip to NOLA, after kayaking on the bayou, and soo glad I did. Probably one of the best meals I ate on the vacation. Great prices, great wine, the spicy/savory mussels, and the paella that just keeps giving. I miss the city and miss this meal! Def worth going to.Went in for the first time last night with my boyfriend. The ambiance, decor, and waitress were great, but the food and white wine sangria was mediocre. We split the grilled calamari appetizer and Caesar salad to start, both of which were decent, but lacking in finesse. The salad would have really benefited from some shaved Parmesan on top, and egg in the dressing (It was advertised as "creamy" but was clearly an oil base, yet you could taste the anchovy so I appreciated that). 
I got the Caldereta (Andalusian lamb stew with bell peppers, onions,
garlic, carrots, wine, hot peppers, and spices), and my boyfriend got the rack of lamb. Here is where I was really disappointed--the meat was tough and undercooked, and the vegetables (basically all carrots) were almost raw. For a stew  I expected soft, tender vegetables and meat that wouldn't require a knife, but the dish tasted rushed. My boyfriend's rack of lamb was unremarkable except for its price--at $28 the best facet was the small side of gorgonzola sauce. It ended on a good note with the dessert sampler, but I doubt I will be back anytime in the near future.I have loved Lola's for as long as I can remember. The garlic chicken is awesome!! Ceviche- awesome! Mussles-awesome! I love the fact that you can bring in your own wine. I have introduced many friends to this little place. I have never had a bad experience at Lola's. Expect a short wait (a little longer on weekends) but well worth it!Lola's is really great.  I always come here when I visit my cousin in New Orleans.  Small restaurant, so there's usually a wait.  However, we got here around 7pm on a Saturday and didn't have to wait at all.  The paella is what they're known for and it is very good.  I also love the whipped garlic they serve with warm rolls.  The only complaint I have is that it's a little pricey and they charge you 50 cents for each roll after the first (kinda lame).  Overall, Lola's is definitely worth checking out.What a find!! This place is a ways from the crowds on Burbon  street. Mostly frequented by locals so they aren't  catering to picky tourists.  Lovely meal. If we're're ever back in NOLA we will be here !oh lola's how you make my heart sing!
the colorful decor, quiet madness, and amazing food make me happy and triumphant that our city has such great culinary gems sprinkeled throughout neighborhoods all over the place.
The first time I actually went to lola's was with some serious vegan friends of mine.  Who would have thought that a carnivore like myself could sit at a dinner table with two vegans and not a one of us felt as if anything was lacking in the food choices.  Perhaps that sangria helped.... but hush I love those red tinted memories.  
The paella here is something that I crave extremely seriously and sadly I don't get here often enough to stay satisfied, but even driving past I often get the warm fuzzies.
Several times I have gone in and had a "tapas" night just ordering a few apps and several glasses of sangria with friends (and occasionally just some wine) and enjoyed several hours of good conversation and laughter in the relaxed pace of the non packed lola's.  It's a great night when you can do that.
Sometimes it's packed with a line out the door, but to me it's always worth the wait to squeeze into the small dining room or few chairs out on the sidewalk.  Once you sit there is plenty of room to spread out and plenty of that amazing garlic spread to keep you til your food comes.
If you haven't been... go.  It's wonderful.
And there is no substitution.  None.Pretty good! Their Sangria is homemade and is one of the best kinds I ever tasted. 
The whole restaurant is small (guess you can say it's cute) and sitting area was crowded. They cook after you order (took 30 mins) so you have to wait for a while before you can eat. So don't be there super hungry.A small space with big flavor! Everything had amazing color, taste and presentation. I started with a glass of homemade sangria and had to have a bottle before I even finished my glass. The  seafood paella was prepared perfectly with such flavor! I don't typically get dessert but had to get the flan to go because I knew it had to be just as divine, and I love an authentic flan. Unfortunately my son ate it for breakfast before I could even have a chance. He told me, "whatever it was, it was amazing." Definitely worth a trip back to get more. The staff were just as amazing! I had a fabulous time after a very long and wet day at Jazzfest.The food was pretty good. Their appetizer specials were both great. The Brussels sprouts were amazing. But the seafood paella was nothing special. It wasn't bad, just kind of bland.
The real problem was the service. Our waitress seemed really nice. She was just never around. Our appetizers took a half hour to get to us, and the entrees showed up five minutes later. When we were done, it took forty five minutes just to flag her down and ask for the check. What was supposed to a normal, casual dinner turned into more than three hours.Lola's is located on what I have dubbed "restaurant row" on Esplanade; that little nook of cool, exotic dining spots that also includes Santa Fe, Cafe Degas and Nonna Mia. I had no idea that a yummy little Spanish cafe was right across the street. This was an amazing discovery.
Lola's is a pretty small place, so when you go, be ready for a little wait. Fortunately, the turn around is pretty quick, so we didn't have to wait long before we were seated. 
Looking over the menu, I was a bit overwhelmed. There was a lot going on here and everything sounded amazing. For the appetizer, we decided on the Crabmeat Tropical. This was crabmeat mixed with homemade alioli served on an avocado half. Yes, you read that right: crabmeat on top of an avocado! It tasted as amazing as it sounded. I seriously could have eaten an entire one by myself and not even felt bad about it.
For our entree', we decided to get the medium meat paella (which is made for 2 people to share) and split it. I had never had paella before, but it is basically a cousin of my beloved jambalaya, so I was immediately on board. I really liked that there was chicken, pork and sausage in it, but there wasn't an overwhelming amount of meat and it the flavors were balanced nicely. The meat mixed well with the rice/veggie mixture of the dish and made for a really nice meal.
I loved Lola's atmosphere and our waitress was very nice and attentive. I will definitely be back here again.Amazing food! Worth any wait time! Amazing paella! Amazing calamari! Amazing ceviche! Amazing everything!This is as good as it gets when it comes to neighborhood restaurants.  Been going to Lola's for years and absolutely love it.  I love it for a date spot.  It is tiny and very cool with the kitchen tucked away in the only room of the restaurant.  Front of the house and back of the house all mixed into one happy family.  That being said, I went there last night with a party of 7 and they handled it just fun and the food is incredible and very erasable.  We went to canseco's, grocery across the street and bought 3 bottles of wine.  corkage fee of $5 i think. and had 1 large fideua with a bunch of apps AND everyone got an entree and bill was $30 each.  fantastic night!  
If i was ordering for you: Start with antipasto(great mix of meat and cheese) then move on tp the almond soup (sounds crazy but trust me) then you have to order the calderetta.  The calderetta might be my favorite dish in the city!  Everything I've gotten there is great, so you are not going to miss but these are my favoritePerhaps it was the sleep deprived paranoia that accompanies three straight nights on the office floor coupled with the alcohol induced glee achieved during a 45 minute wait at a BYOB restaurant that encourages drinking heavily on the patio while you wait. Perhaps it was because every dish has so much garlic it is painful to eat. Or perhaps it was because these bastards know how to cook the shit out of some Spanish food. Whatever the cause, this is one of the best restaurants I've ever eaten in.First and foremost ask for Chris to be your server. He was amazing.
I don't often spend time in this part of New Orleans, but the ambiance of this little area by City Park is wonderful. What a perfect evening we had at Lola's.  
On a quest for authentic Tapas food, I found it here:
My sis and I's favorite dishes from the meal (1) Grilled Calamari: a nice bit of calamari grilled perfectly (2) Ceviche- I don't even like ceviche normally but the fresh stuff that Lola's prepared was amazing and had the best flavor.
Chris was SO sweet and friendly. He gave perfect service (there when we needed him to be but not hovering).  He also recommended different areas of the city to check out (I'm still kind of new to NOLA). People in this city are so damn nice!!
Regardless of this weekend's horrendous weather, my experience dining experiences have been spectacular! Lola's really capped it all off.  Definitely a must eat next time I've craving some Tapas!What a lovely little place! The food was delicious! The mushrooms were to perfection. The garlic butter had us asking for more bread:) this was a pleasant surprise and we will certainly be back again!I first visited Lola's about 5 years ago and absolutely loved it.  I've been back several times since and the experiences have always measured up.  We ordered the mussels for an appetizer and they were fantastic!  The paella is mouthwatering as well.  I love the atmosphere and the artwork.  The space is small though, so be prepared to wait for a table during peak dining hours.I came here awhile back for a friend's birthday. It was over an hour wait. But luckily, since it was BYOW, we enjoyed a couple glasses of wine outside while waiting. That bread and butter combo is delicious! My friends really really enjoyed the garlic mushrooms, I enjoyed the sauce that was leftover. Then we got the seafood paella and meat paella to share around the table. It was more than enough for the 6 of us. It was delicious!I really dig Lola's, and one of the nice things about it is there's something on the menu for everyone. So if you have a group of people with really varied tastes, everyone will be a happy camper.
Lola's is a pretty small spot, and they don't take reservations. So you'll probably have to put your name on a list and then hang out for a while out in front of the restaurant. It took about 45 minutes on a weekday night for our group of 6 to be seated. 
I've never had the paella (I know! But it will happen one day!) so I can't speak to that, but the antipasti, garlic soup, and garlic shrimp are all quite good. And NOM NOM NOM, what is in that garlic spread stuff? Tastes like raw garlic, which is totally awesome with me.
Our waitress was awesome, and very nice about our large group. I wish the sangria were a little stronger, but them's the breaks.CONDOLENCES
We are going to miss our beloved Angel Miranda (owner) who lost his 5 year battle to cancer yesterday.  The wonderful paellas and Spanish food will not miss a beat, as his son Juan will be in his father's shadow.Nice atmosphere in a non-touristy location, unfortunately the food fell short. The antipasto was good but lets be honest, no one can mess up Manchego and Serrano ham. The calamari salad was bland. We had to ask for salt and pepper to add some flavor. The roasted duck was served cold and the mashed potatoes were suffering from an identity crisis tasting like mashed garlic. The seafood paella was the most tragic dish of the night. Every piece of seafood was beyond over-cooked. The waitress noticed it wasn't touched and graciously removed it from our tab. The sangria was the highlight of the evening, but sadly even that was just ok.I have been eyeing Lola's from a distance for over a year.  Tonight was the night that we finally tried Lola's.  The environment alone is truly unique.  This cozy atmosphere is interestingly decorated by a menagerie of brightly colored local art.  The open kitchen format makes you feel like you've stumbled into a hole in the wall only the locals know about.
Although, not suited for large groups, they were able to accommodate our party of five comfortably.  I enjoyed everything I tried.  The garlic chicken was simple but perfectly cooked.  Overall, Lola's has a lovely atmosphere and good food, not the best I've ever had, but still much better than average.We have dined at Lola's innumerable times.  Last night was the last time. I don't know if it is under new management but there were no familiar faces. Nothing we ordered was the same.  
The garlic shrimp, usually plump and bathed in oil and garlic came out overcooked without any of that delicious oil to mop up.  The tomato basil had no basil and almost no balsamic or oil. The typical tomato basil would come out nearly swimming in oil/balsamic. We were told the ceviche was just made and would we mind if it came out later since it hadn't marinated long enough.  When it did come out, it still hadn't marinated enough. The mojo we ordered with the paella was it's only saving grace.
Retrospectively, we should have known something was "off" when there was only one other couple waiting outside.  Throughout dinner there were only two occupied tables. Truly an oddity for Lola's. Perhaps word ha already gotten out.We went because someone gave us a gift certificate but will be happy to pay next time.  We got one vegetarian paella and one with meat.  Both were full of flavor though obviously in very different way.  We also ordered the Brussels sprouts (very good) and stuffed ourselves with bread (excellent) so we ended up taking food home with us. But doggie bags are a good thing in my book.  Atmosphere is charming and the service friendly.  You don't need to be on a date but it's a good place for one.Just visiting NOLA and local bar recommended this little place, well if someone in the French Quarter, where food is good, says a place is good you check it out. Seafood paella was well worth the trip. Sangria was delicious!The food was good.  The restaurant not having a working toilet was not.  "It's a challenge" is NOT and acceptable answer.I've been eating here for as long as I've lived in New Orleans (almost 20 years) and the food is always good!  The garlic shrimp, the garlic spread, the fresh bread, the garlic mushrooms, the sangria, the paella and more, well, it is all good! 
My biggest and only issue is the bad service - we waited 1/2 hr before anyone came to our table to check on us and then she mixed up our drinks! This has happened before, as far back as a year ago. I'm not talking about the wait for a table, which can be awhile on a busy night; I mean that we talked for almost thirty minutes after being seated before we flagged down a server. Then, our waitress had the audacity to tell us that we should have notified her that we had sat down! Really? After your associate made sure we were seated? Really, the level of service was about as good as a fast-food joint!Wow.. this was my first time here and I am ashamed to say I did not know this place was here.  If you are from New Orleans you have to put this place on your list of places to go.    
We started out with the Mussels in vinaigrette, they were large green mussels steamed and cooled in a homemade vinaigrette.. you will want one of the hot pieces of bread to go with this.  Next we had the Garlic Shrimp which were fresh peeled shrimp sautéed in red peppers, garlic and olive oil... more bread please : )  And the last app we had was the Grilled Calamari..a nice pice of calamari served with a spicy sauce.
After we finished that we had the Combination Paellas which was fresh and teased your pallet with great flavors.
For the main course.. yes.. more food we had the Roasted Duck Breast, which was served with fig reduction sauce, it was great. The other entree was the Rack of lamb which was served with gorgonzola cheese sauce.
Also had the Chuflan which was a sinful chocolate delight.
Needless to say I will be back!! I need to try the homemade Sangria!!This place is awesome! I've been going here for years. The food is great and tasty! Tons of flavor. The atmosphere has an authentic Spanish vibe. I always go here on date night with the wife. This place is very romantic.This place was disappointing at best... I went here when my mother came to town and we were not at all wowed. It was an incredibly expensive for a mediocre taste with terrible portion sizes.  I will NOT be coming here again. 
P.s. the mosquitoes in the outdoor seating are RAVENOUS. They ate better than we did!Lola's is a tiny little place in the Bayou St. John area serving traditional Spanish cuisine to a crowd of mostly locals. It's a very inviting and unfussy place, and the food is mostly very good, with a few exceptions that keep me from giving them all five stars. 
The white sangria ($13 for a bottle) is pretty good, but I'm fairly certain the wine they are using is cheap, bottom-of-the-barrel stuff. There's enough fruit and other stuff there that you won't really notice until you wake up with a headache the next morning. The garlic mushrooms appetizer ($7) is a favorite, and it is tasty, even if the mushrooms arrive wading in a deep pool of buttery grease. The waiter will bring you more of their crusty bread to sop up the butter, if that's your thing. The bread automatically comes with a garlic spread that is pretty delicious, too, though I shudder to think about what it's made of...pure cholesterol? Mayonnaise? Bathtub caulk? I also had the gazpacho ($4), a chilled vegetable soup, and Lola's version was one of the best I've ever tasted...smooth, subtle flavors and great texture. Very refreshing.
For an entree, I ordered the combination paella ($17), which was mostly very delicious, other than the dry, overcooked white meat chicken that was unceremoniously thrown in there. I've definitely had better paella elsewhere, but Lola's was still very good. The rice was very well cooked and flavored, and the seafood in the dish (mussels, shrimp, small scallops) was well-cooked. My dining companion had the Calderata ($18), an Andalusian lamb stew, which was also very good. Prices are a little higher than I would like, especially given the decidedly non-fine dining atmosphere and only slightly better than good food. Service is very efficient and attentive.I was, in retrospect, far too entertained by the waiter's eyepatch, but he was a pleasant fellow and a bit piratical looking, so we afforded him a bit of leeway for his forgetfulness regarding our exceedingly tardy bread. The fish croquettes [the evening's appetizer special] were splendid and I stole the greens on which they'd been served from my friend to eat because they were delightfully crisp and fresh. The ajoblanco was... interesting. It is not something I would order again, but having done so out of curiosity, I still finished the bowl, it is simply not as exciting as other things I might have had. The paella was splendid and I regret that I could not take my leftovers with me, but seafood would not have lasted through the night planned in the car so I ate what i could and left the rest.Lola's paella is amazing, the house made sangria is refreshing and flavorful without being too sweet, service here has always been friendly and attentive but when the restaurant is so hot I leave instead of finishing my meal we have a problem
The place is consistently busy and they've taken up every inch of available space with tables which makes it cramped and loud at best. Add in an open kitchen and an (apparently) underperforming AC and ventilation system and it's a disaster. Please fix this Lola's!!! I want your delicious food in seasons other than winter.Great place in a quiet neighborhood.  As always in New Orleans, spot on service.  Many choices on the menu.  Reasonably priced.  I felt I definitely got my money's worth here.  Will return.This is a Spanish restaurant that locals go to. If you're a native to NOLA than you've been here before and know that the paella is Amazing. Seafood paella is the best. It's authentic, full of flavor, lots of seafood, made fresh to order, and comes served in the same paella pan it was cooked in. You have got to try the paella. It is a small little quaint place but it's lively and the atmosphere is energetic and makes you feel right at home. This is one of my favorite restaurants in all if NOLA. Seating is limited and they do not take reservations but if you've ever eaten here before you know the food is well worth the wait. If you are in NOLA then make sure to stop in mid-city and check them out.  You can also bring your own bottle of wine to enjoy with your meal.The most charming little restaurant. So quaint, so intimate, with the large open kitchen, it felt really personal like you were dining in someones home. The service was phenomenal, the food was  just amazing. We loved it so much we came to eat here twice during a 4 day trip to New Orleans. Of course we had the Paella, it was bursting with flavor and the stuffed mushrooms. Another must order is the Crab meat Appetizer. It comes on a Bed of Lettuce with some toasted bread. Phenomenal is all I can say. I really have to try something else when we come back, it will just be difficult. The Bread & garlic aoli they bring to the table, deelish !  It's in a lovely party of town off the beaten path & not touristy which is what we love and always look for when we travel. It's a small place and they stay very busy on the weekends but it is worth the wait. The Sangria is good or you can bring your own wine if you wish. This is on our short list of New Orleans favorites.One of the very best restaurants in New Orleans. And the best paella I have ever had.  Just a real fun time at Lola's - GO.I had never heard of this restaurant when friends invited us. On a Saturday night, for 6 people, the wait was an hour, but we enjoyed their delicious sangria while waiting. It is tight and small inside, but it's quaint and cozy and was something different for us. I enjoyed the option of bringing your own wine for a $5 cork fee. Also, the paella is delicious along with the garlic mushrooms. 
My two negatives were the garlic butter for the bread-- so fresh and strong that it's legitimately SPICY (I'm obsessed with garlic but this was too much)-- and the fact that paella was brought out to me instead of the fideua that I ordered. I am not a rice fan and the waiter admitted he input the wrong thing (at least he did that), but I ate the paella and was very satisfied. I can't give this place 4 stars because of that. 
About $200 for 6 of us and a good night was had by all, so we cannot complain! Definitely will be back (for that fideua, I hope).One bottle of homemade Sangria please! And keep those bottles coming as I wait for my delicious food!
One of my favorites in New Orleans to go to for paella, mussels, pork loin, and yummy, buzz-worthy Sangria. This restaurant is tiny, and probably hole-in-the-wall-ish..but hey! aren't those places usually filled with good food? They serve warm rolls with their homemade gar-licky butter that you just can't get enough of! I'm drooling as I write this. hehe
This place is a MUST TRY if you're ever in New Orleans searching for the next meal to satisfy your belly!Used to be one of my favorite spots in the city, and was my go-to place to take friends visiting from out of town. Went there again recently and found that it has fallen off. The menus have changed some, and not for the better. Service was okay, food was okay. The place is getting pretty dingy and could definitely use a fresh coat of paint. Just seems like the owners are resting on their laurels a bit and phoning it in. Not worth the money you'll drop; $80 for 2 entrees (1 vegetarian) and 1 bottle of wine.Although the service and (red) sangria were great, the food was very disappointing. We had the ceviche, gazpacho, and mussels and all were simply not good. We had the veggie paella as well which wasn't bad but not worth going there for. Also the ambiance wasn't nice--extremely noisy. Would suggest going elsewhere!What a great local restaurant! My friend and I were visiting New Orleans from out of town and staying at a house nearby. We ventured out for dinner at Lola's one night and had a wonderful meal! My friend had the house salad (which was huge and delicious) and the garlic shrimp (yummy) and I had the seafood paella - which was one of my favorite dishes ever! We also had the white sangria which was great also. I will be back during my next visit.This place was amazing.  I went with a group of six friends and four bottles of wine.  We ordered somewhere around 14 dishes, ranging from good to stellar.  The grilled calamari was definitely a high point.  Also, the garlic mushrooms were fantastic, and so was the seafood paella.  
The service was fine, nothing amazing, nothing bad.  The atmosphere however was quite nice.  Quaint, and very New Orleans.  
The best part of this meal, as with any good meal, was spending hours eating and drinking with friends.  Lola's is the perfect spot for quality time.Cozy hole in the wall feel and excellent food!  The garlic aioli is to die for, and the rack of lamb is my favorite dish. I highly recommend this place!I love this place to death. Fabulous service, amazing food. But, lord almighty, if you have issues with sweating through your meal this is not the place for you. It's a sauna in there during the summer. Please do something about the AC!!!Lola's has the best lamb chops in the city, served with a Gorgonzola fondue for dipping. So good. Their paella is good and one of the few places in NOLA to offer it. Preparations are simple but well done. Good Sangria as well. Be prepared to wait if you don't get there early. The good news is that it is in a pleasant part of town.I feel like I'm in Spain!! Menu-del-dia!!! Competitive prices fill up for less then $40 for two.  Perfect date night spot.This is a charming neighborhood restaurant that is always full of locals. Lola's is known for their Paella. Choose the "everything." You must have a house salad here before your meal. Ask for extra plates, though, to share. It is huge and chock full of beautiful fresh chopped veggies and broccoli florets. The star hiding on the menu, however, is the Caldereta. This rich Spanish lamb stew is served in cast iron (as are all Paellas) with rice and braised vegetables on the side. It is so pleasing, it has made my list of comfort foods. Get out of the Quarter and discover Esplanade Ridge (home of Lola's), the Warehouse/Arts District, Lower Garden District and Uptown restaurants like Brightsen's and Dante's.