We spent 5 nights at the end of October in New Orleans and made a dinner reservation for this place.  We had a party of 4 and decided to be more "adventurous" and went for the chef's custom 4 course menu.  The dishes were pretty flavorful but nothing wowed us.  It was an ok dinner and I did not think it was worth the price.We visited the Louisiana Bistro and, despite each being enticed by an entree on the menu, decided to instead order the 4-course "feed me" option where Chef Mars prepares an off-menu series of seemingly ad hoc selections. As each dish was brought to our table, Mars would present the dish and describe the ingredients and preparation. Our dishes were - tasty fried frog legs (yes, a first for all 4 of us - see photo), an amazing chayote and crab concoction (the highlight!), and two delicious final entrees of tender quail and rabbit. The "feed me" concept was a great idea - perfect for a group - and for those adventurous enough (don't bother if you're a picky eater), it was a great way to sample a number of selections we may have never ordered. 
The wine was the only disappointment - we ordered a Spanish selection that was watery and bland - but we didn't send it back, because well... being that we're not exactly wine connoisseurs, I've never felt comfortable doing so. 
The service was very friendly - and we're thankful for the servers friendly hint that the multi-course option was the advised option.
Lastly, we loved the humorous BP logo on the menu... with the revised acronym reading "B**ch Please"!Please DO NOT eat here EVER-they have lousy food and service and are not worth your money or taste buds! 
First of all, it had the most pretentious and terrible service ever. We were left waiting at the door for 5 minutes before the wait staff acknowledged us. Then, we were told we may not be able to get a table because of reservations (the restaurant was 1/2 empty at the time and remained empty throughout our meal). We wanted to get the Feed Me meal that everyone raves about, but my husband does not eat fish, and they refused to modify the menu for him, and they refused to serve the tasting menu to just me- the rules are that everyone at the table needs to order it or nobody gets it. 
When we told the waiter how terrible the food was, the waiter waived his hand in my face and said, "oh well"! I could not eat my duck- it had cheap Chinese restaurant sweet and sour sauce on it. Literally, Panda Express style sweet and sour sauce! i ordered medium rare and got it well done. my husband ordered the pork chop and it was over salted and raw towards the bone- pink pork!! 
It was a complete let down, even the table next to us was sad. I made a gagging face and the lady nodded her head, pointed at her plate and frowned and shook her head no, she didnt like what she got either. The women who got the Feed Me at the table behind us got all the same courses that every other reviewer on yelp got- the crawfish beignets in lemon butter and drum fish. The stupid menu never changes! And it's $50 for 3 courses, $60 for 4, and $70 for 5. Rip off! It's tiny portions, too.
Maybe it used to be good here but no more!!!! Save your money and go to Bourbon House down the street- it's cheaper, better food with friendly service.My husband and I had a lovely dinner there this Thursday. Brian was very informative and attentive to our needs. Chef came out to our table twice to make sure all was good! All was better than good! I wanted to like my plate ! Excellent in all aspects of service, menu and creativeness! Thank you Chef for all the delicious food!Truly one of the best meals of my life for just tastiness of the food and the casual but great quality of service. I'm in NO for four days and having the pork chop each day would be fine with me. Small old style restaurant. I thought reasonably priced. Oh the Louisiana shrimp amazing.Dined here from the reviews we saw here on tripadvisor. We had a good meal here, but it wasn't stellar. One dish I would recommend was the dirty bird that I got. The black goo sauce was delish and I only wish there was more on the plate. The other dishes that the rest of my party got was only average. We did not do the feed me option, but sure was interested in it. Maybe something we can do next time. 
Visited October 2012Loved it. Small. Quaint. Delicious food. So so so good. Will be back for sure. Great hidden gemThis is really a fine place to eat, talk and enjoy. Had the drum with crabmeat and a lemon sauce.  And bourdin balls for appetizer.  Others had fried green tomatoes and asparagus salad. Also a crab cake. Everything was excellent and service is superb. Don't hesitate to make a reservation or if you're lucky, show up and get seated in about 10 minutes.I loved it - the service was friendly the food AMAZING and the atmosphere really cozy and relaxed
I had the lamb - I can just say - perfect!!!
We shared all three deserts and my favorite was the bread pudding with white chocolate, but everything was delicious.I ate here years ago and was pleased by what the chef served for the "Feed Me" option.  For this reason, I just visited again with my brother.  I deeply regret my reccomendation of this place.  We both had the fried the green tomatoes to start.  These were flavorless and accompanied by what was essentially movie theater nacho sauce (maybe less plastic).  The lamb that I had was topped by what was essentially cocktail sauce and not good cocktail sauce.  I say topped, but it was smothering perfectly cooked chops that would have been better off with almost anything else.  My brother had the drum which was saturated with butter and otherwise bland.  I would give this one star but for three things.  The lamb was prepared perfectly medium rare, the wisconsin cheddar grits were terrific, and the dinner rolls were amazing (I suspect they get these elsewhere).  Bottom line - there is much better cuisine within two blocks of here in any direction.My son found this restaurant a couple years ago and raved about it. We promised that on our next trip to New Orleans we would go there. We never got the chance to sample the food. On Feb 2nd I left a message for reservations on March 1st at 6:30PM. I received a phone call back confirming the reservation about a half hour later. When we arrived at the restaurant the doors were locked. My wife called and left a message and a short time later she got a call back. My wife was told that the restaurant had tried to call us back to let us know it would be closed but apparently all they had was my home number. I checked all incoming numbers to my home phone and none were from the restaurant, any area code near Louisiana nor any number we couldn't identify with.This reservation was made nearly a month ahead and there was plenty of time for notification. Fortunately, we were able to get into Dickie Brennan's and had a perfect dinner there.We walked in without a reservation (I guess it's customary to make one) and they were so nice and quickly set up a table for us and served us. I got the crab salad. It wasn't too filling, but it was fantastic. Highly recommended, if for the service alone.You know, I've worked in high pressure jobs, and I know working in a restaurant is right up there.  You have to deal with rude customers with a sense of entitlement, breakneck speed, kitchen mishaps and long, long hours.
So I can even understand when your house is mostly full and you see a party of four come in 30 minutes before close. You might have dreaded the idea of perhaps having to work longer and harder.  And it might have been a bad day.
But what you don't do is go up to them, ask their party size, then tell them "there's no room for you" and hand-flip them in a manner that can only be described as "Up Yours."  There was no mistaking your message, and I'm a forgiving guy.  You pissed off all of us for no good reason, and if you just didn't want us there, you could have simply politely said the kitchen couldn't take more orders, or even "there's no room", but with a modicum of courtesy.   We would have found a place open later, which we did.  
We were excited to come to your restaurant, but instead it became a problem.  With as many great places to eat in New Orleans, there's never a reason to darken your door ever again, and I'll gladly share this with anyone who listens.  I've had incredibly slow service, gotten sick at and have had drinks dumped on my head before in places that I got over and went back to because they were polite, had good food and gave a simple apology.
Louisiana Bistro sinks below the floorboards of any of these places.Great food, intimate experience, phenomenal staff. Was there in August and it was the best meal we had. The beggars purse was flaky and delicious. I'd go again just for that.I really wanted to like this place, but it unfortunately wasn't anything special. The service was good, and the food presentation was great, but the food wasn't impressive. My date and I ordered the pecan pesto shrimp with cheddar grits, followed by the crab cake, and finally the chicken creole. The shrimp were okay, but mainly just tasted oily in the pesto sauce with grits. The crab cake looked amazing, with the sweet corn and spicy chili drizzle, but the crab was dry and felt stringy. As for the chicken creole (with Andouille sausage), it was a bad dish. Maybe I just don't like creole, but I can't imagine why considering I love intensely flavored food along with loving heat in my food. The creole style tomato sauce is just overkill. It has way too many spices that just don't come together. Considering there are so many places to eat in New Orleans, I don't think I would go back. But, if I did, I would try the FEED ME option that so many reviewers rave about.Great place to eat somewhat away of the Bourbon street crowd.   The atmosphere is bistro-like, simple and clean.  Food is good and a little on a spicy side, but not too hot.  We ordered a couple of appetizers and one entree, but everybody is saying that "Feed me" is the way to go -- the chef cooks for you after asking you what you like and what you don't.  Feed me comes in three options: 3, 4, and 5 meal courses ($39/$49/$59), which include one entree and the appetizers (no dessert).  Wine list is not large but has some nice options and not very expensive.Great meal, but I left sick to my stomach.
 My party needed additional copies of our receipt for business purposes.  Even though our waiter was obviously busy, he very graciously took the (handwritten) receipt to make copies for us (we all got the Feed Me option, so it was just 6 x the prix fixe option.)  A few minutes later a woman (maybe a manager?) came over to our table, saying that it is completely unacceptable that we requested multiple checks, it was outlandish  and that this will never happen again.  Her tone was incredibly condescending, and she was making no effort to keep her voice down.  Our table kept our cool and calmly explained the situation need but she continued to speak to us like naughty children.  The best part is, halfway through her diatribe, our waiter came over with the copies he had made, as in, the grand feat she was going on about was already done.  
There are a ton of great places to eat in NOLA, do yourself a favor and visit an establishment that will serve you a great meal in a relaxing environment with the respect you deserve.  Louisiana Bistro is not it.The last time I was in New Orleans I ate here with a group of friends and had the "Feed Me."   I've mentioned it to many people in the last 5 years - we had a ridiculous course of Chicken Fried Filet Mignon.  It was so decadent and awesome.    
Isn't it great when you can just put your trust in someone and know you'll have an amazing experience / meal?
This time was just as awesome.  I'm glad I was able to convince my boss (and her boss!) that we should do the "Feed Me".  I was pretty hungry and in the end wish I would've done the 4 course option.  Creole Cream Cheese Ice Cream with reduced balsamic chocolate sauce-   I'll definitely come back.Tiny restaurant a street from bourbon.  Incredible food.  First service was amazing.  We had a vegetarian in our group and the chef came out and asked him about his restrictions and would make a suprise dish.  Really cool.
As for my dish i started with the frog legs.  Perfectly fried.  Great crunch.  Sucked the meat of the bone.  For my entree i had the "dirty bird" which was a duck confit over rice with a mysterious goo.  Duck was cooked perfectly.  Best duck i've ever had.  I knew it the moment i cut into the skin and it made this beautiful crispy crunch noise.  Meat was juicy and delicate and the sweet goo matched perfectly with the dish.  My gf had the seafood couviane?  Or jambalaya type dish.  Rich tomato cajun sauce with rice and seafood.  Flavors were spot on and the fish and shrimp were cooked perfectly.  She ate the shrimp so i was left with the head.  But it had to be the best part.  It had the perfect blend of sauce and shrimp.  
Great experience.  If im ever back in new orleans this is one of my stopsI LOVE letting a good chef prepare what they are most proud of and seeing what transpires. And I am celiac, gluten free. Simply Wonderful at what they are trying to do. Small, intimate, personalized experience with outstanding food. Second meal here in the last year. Most recent with new chef and he was great. I had the 3 course meal. Requested slightly spicy, yet flavorful and it was magnificent. The last trip was raining and I couldn't talk my colleagues into walking so I went alone and simply enjoyed observing and simplicity. Can't recommend more highly.Service-Exceptonal.Party of 4.2 had Rabbit creole-plates came out steaming,rabbit very good with slightly spicy roux with lots of thyme.1 had just the salad with balsamic vinaigrette which was excellent.I had the bone-in pork chop witha red -eye gravy roux over diced sweet potato which was the bomb and a blue cheese salad which  was the best I ever had.Our waiter made cosmopolitans for my friend which were very good.My wife had aArgentinian red wine to go with her rabbit and I had an Abita amber beer to go with the pork chopHad the misfortune of trying LB and had one of the worst experiences. We (party of 5) had made reservations and when we arrived the waitress kept repeating that this was her weekend job and she was not sure of much of anything we asked her about!
One person in our group had severe nut allergy and the response was 'we cook everything in peanut oil' and 'I will see if the cook can do anything about it' . We asked to meet with the Chef and was told he was 'too busy' only to find that he was coming out to meet several other customers! 
The gumbo tasted 'bitter' and the vegetable dish could not even be tried as it was extremely spicy - both had to be sent back. On the positive side the lamb dish and ribs were good. Overall a pretty bad experience - would not recommend!Louisiana Bistro was a great introduction to NOLA. The space was quiet and romantic and the food was incredible! The pan-seared chicken had flavor that you just don't forget!We did the 5 course tasting menu.  New Chef, David.  It was delightful to see what he could whip up.  Good value, excellent choices.  We will be back.Went in at 9:00 on a Saturday just for apps (because honestly they have the most amazing BBQ shrimp in the city), we were told by the hostess to wait or come check back in a few as they were full but would have openings soon. Returned at 9:20 to see 2 empty tables.. but then a waiter came out and told us the chef was no longer seating people for the night. At 9:20 ON A SATURDAY!!! When their restaurant hours are clearly listed as being open until 10pm. What's the point of having amazing food if you are going to turn people away at the door? Frustrating and disappointingValentines day...in another country and city with no reservation. Would you panic?
Well we didn't because we are usually pretty lucky finding interesting places to eat. We were just returning to our hotel from a neighbourhood stroll when I spotted people waiting outside Louisiana Bistro for the 7pm open. I thought that was a good sign! I decided to wait there and see if I could get a table while the rest of the family went to the hotel to clean up. I spoke to the other customers and they were locals...another great sign! I managed to secure a table when they opened the front doors...
I would give this place another half star if Yelp allowed it...the only reason I didn't give it five is because I was very rudely told that if I didn't get my family there within 15 minutes I would lose my table. I almost reconsidered.
I'm glad I didn't. The food was top notch and we really enjoyed our servers company.
So much that I made a reservation for another visit right away.
We enjoyed the Crab Cake with Corn Maque choux, Boudin Balls, Dirty Bird, Creole Surf n Turf, Bourbon Float, Bread Pudding, Flourless Chocolate Cake, and Creole Cream Cheese Ice Cream.
On our second visit we were greeted as regulars and enjoyed another night of great food: New Orleans BBQ Shrimp, Crab and Asparagus Salad, Grilled Lamb au Poivre, Seafood Couvillion, and Drum Pontchartrain. It was ALL delicious.
And the cocktails are amazing!I have no idea in what alternate universe this is considered a good restaurant.
The unassuming facade and the slightly tattered awnings lured me into believing this was still an undiscovered treasure in the French Quarter. The small, plain tables with the old rickety chairs, and the short menu (which, by the way, does not match what they have posted online....except for the bp logo) had me convinced that I had just hit the dinner jackpot.
Then the food came out. Bland flavors, bland consistencies, bland presentation. Don't get me wrong, the dishes had more cayenne pepper than should be legal, but neither had a pinch of salt or depth of flavor. 
This is one instance where I cannot even begin to comprehend the 4 star average rating. Popeye's rice and beans have more character than the food served at Louisiana Bistro.
With all the dining options in New Orleans I can't imagine ever coming back to this place again, or recommending it to anyone.Walking in the French Quarter we stumbled upon this and thought it looked intriguing.  Later, searching on Yelp saw the comments confirming our suspicions of promising dining.  We showed up without reservations, were seated immediately on a Saturday night.  
The "feed me" menu was interesting, but we were not quite that hungry.  So ordered from the regular menu-  Creole Chicken and the Pork Chop. We were both very happy, but the pork chop was superb! It was thick and juicy with a wonderful grilled exterior all served on a bed of tasty crayfish jambalaya. It was perfect.  
The only negatives were the bus station behind my head, which the staff was attentive enough not to use while I dined, and the limited choice of wines by the glass.  But, by all means get to experience this when in New Orleans.Yum.  Got the Feed Me - my dinner companion can not eat seeds and nuts and the chef fully obliged us.  First course was the crawfish beignets, second course was the pepper encrusted swordfish, and third course was short ribs with sweet catchup based and vinegar mustard based barbecue sauces.  Dessert was an excellent cheescake ice cream and flourless chocolate torte.  With the ambiance to me this is a quintisensial NO place without being a tourist trap.  I would definitely go back and highly recommend this place!We had reservations for the first weekend of JazzFest.  Fortunately, I called to add people to our party and got a "this number has been disconnected." We walked by the restaurant and it seemed to be closed and shuttered us. So I guess it's out of business?Another reviewer who called this gem "hidden in plain sight" was right on the money.  You never eat in Times Square if you want good food in New York, right?  So how is it possible to find such an un-freaking-believable dinner spot around the corner from Bourbon Street in New Orleans??  Manfriend and I took a ten-day road trip from Denver to Washington DC and stopped at many places in the south. The meal we had at Louisiana Bistro topped every other meal of the trip. We walked in around 9:30pm and were lucky to get seated immediately even though you usually need reservations (it's very small).
We started with the Fried Green Tomatoes and the Crab Cakes, both bursting with spicy flavor.  The sweet corn maque choux on the crab cake was unlike anything I'd ever eaten before, sweet and spicy with an interesting texture.  I'm not a big jalapeno person, but the jalapeno hollandaise on the friend green tomatoes was wonderful.
For our entrees I had the crab and asparagus (again, the textures of this dish were as interesting and complementary as the flavors...crunchiness, softness, smoothness, tangyness, saltiness, sweetness...it's pretty much a party in your mouth).  My boyfriend got a seafood etoufee that was super shrimpy/crawfishy and covered in delicious red sauce (red sauce is the technical term for whatever that tomato-based soupy jambalaya liquid is, right?).
The topper was the cream cheese ice cream covered in strawberries and a balsamic glaze.  Weird and wonderful.  I wanted to take this chef with me on all my future travels.  If you are in New Orleans, save some of your cash for booze and spend it here instead.  You won't be disappointed.First time visiting the area.
Food:  I had the Chicken Creole, I could definitely taste the spices, just the way I like my food!  I thought the flavor was excellent.  Would highly recommend this dish.
The staff was very friendly, made me feel welcomed.
It is away from the craziness of Bourbon Street.  Nice place to relax.
I didn't think it was all that pricey, but might be used to California meal prices.  Oh, the coffee was real good!
I will be back!Not very happy. We planned one of our two nights in NOLA around dinner here. Made it to the restaurant 40 minutes before it closed only to be told since it was a Sunday night, and a little slow, they decided to close early. I'm sure the food is good, but I will avoid coming here in the future if they can't keep the hours they post. If I could give NO stars I would. Thanks for nothing.I really don't get it.  I took my family here with high expectations based on the great reviews on yelp and I wanted to love this place.  I am a confessed gourmet foodie and know my way around great meals.  It truly is all about the food. 
First, I was disappointed to find the menu item, dirty bird, had just sold out.  The Feed Me menu wasn't an option for me since I'm on a gluten free diet and my elderly mom is on a cardiac low salt diet.  Too many issues, ya know?  As it turned out my mom and s-i-l were very happy with an asparagus salad they ordered.  My brother ordered the lamb with grits...at least I THINK that's what the gummy salty mess was.  The lamb was gamey and overall the salt was overwhelming.  We were so horrified by the food  my brother and I tasted each others.
I ordered a special - a pork chop.  The chop was super thick and a bit burned on the outside.  But the real problem was how tough it was.  I should have been provided a hack saw.  The sweet potatoes...which I normally love...were so salty I couldn't eat them.  The red eye gravy was bitter AND salty.  What's up with all that salt?  Why don't you let people salt their own food rather than be so heavy handed?
I spent $200 on a meal I would give less than zero stars on if it were possible.  Maybe other entrees are fabulous but I can only speak to what I experienced.   My advice...go to Frenchmen's Street and try one of the eateries there.On a recent Saturday night I was able to obtain a last minute reservation at this quaint little jewel. The location on Dauphine is quiet and easily walkable in the French Quarter.
The dress code is open but the white linen table cloths and soft lighting cry out no shorts or flip fops. Eleven tables, 2 waiters and a full bar. They have a bread warmer in the dining room so your bread will be piping hot.
The "feed me" option is your best bet. You can choose 3-5 courses; the first is a starter and the subsequent courses will be entrees. 
1st course - Seared tuna (rare) on top of crabmeat and succotash. Asparagus on the side with a sriracha side swirl. 
2nd course - Quail on Louisiana sweet potato puree with smoky asparagus. Cane syrup sauce with a brown sugar sprinkle made me want to lick the plate. If my waiter didn't look so much like an English valet I might have. The sweet potatoes were awesome.
3rd course - Seafood boudin stuffing with pork. The boudin was terrific but the pork was a little dry.
4th course - Duck confit cooked with rendered bacon fat and figs on sweet potato reduction. 
5th course - garlic mashed potatoes with seared Angus steak, flash fried Brussel sprout leaves w/lemon (ethereal) and a Burgundy reduction sauce.
All courses were excellent and creative. Chef David delivered each course and was able to take the time to explain the dish. The smaller bistro allows him more time to interact. 
No room for dessert after the above courses. Plates are smaller so I recommend 4 or 5 courses.
Previous reviews have referenced other chefs so I almost passed on dining here. That would have been a mistake. Chef David is wonderful and runs an efficient, fun kitchen. 
Give this a try and let Chef David feed you.I'm not kidding when I say that this was one of, if not the best restaurant I have ever eaten at.  
I took my girlfriend to New Orleans for Valentine's Day weekend and I wanted to take her some place with really good Louisiana-style food, since she had never been to the South before.  After reading all the reviews, I figured this place had to be good....and the reviews were right.
When we first walked in, we were both a little taken back by the small size of the restaurant, but that just added to the ambiance and atmosphere.  The hospitality and friendliness were top notch.  It is a very romantic place that is nice and quiet, which adds a very intimate feel to the entire experience.  Our waiter was very helpful and kind and took the time to actually talk to us...and not just small talk either.  The chef was very cool and charismatic when he came out in talked to us.  He is very confident and knew that he was good, but he wasn't cocky...just right.  
And then there was the food.....UNBELIEVABLE!  Honestly, don't even look at the menu; just get the "Feed Me".  It is a 3 or 4 or 5 course meal that the chef creates just for you.  It definitely makes the experience adventurous, as you don't know what to expect.  But don't worry, the chef takes great care and pride in making the meal perfect for you.  Our first course were these amazing crawfish fritter things that were the perfect blend of Cajun/Creole flavor.  The second course was an incredible quail with some sweet potatoes....AMAZING.  We thought the next course was going to be dessert, but instead we were surprised with a wonderfully flavored leg of rabbit.  
This is an incredible restaurant that is a perfect place for a nice, romantic, fun evening.  The prices are very reasonable, especially for the unbelievable quality of food and experience.  The staff and chef were very caring and friendly.  We had an incredible time!  If you are in New Orleans, you have to eat here!  You will not be disappointed!!I found this restaurant while I was walking around the French Quarter and taking pictures of the area. I was taking a short break from a conference.   I was very pleased to find such a great bistro.   I ordered the "Tonight's Special" which was Andouille Sausage Jambalaya with smoked tomato sauce.  The entree was big enough to feed two people.  The flavorful shrimp was cooked perfectly.  The chopped sausage blended beautifully with the flavor of the shrimp, white fish, rice, and the out of this world tomato sauce.  I regret asking for the hot sauce because I did not need it.  The smoked tomato sauce and the seasonings were packed with spicy goodness.  It was so delicious that I finished most of the meal.  I wanted to take the rest of the food with me, but my small hotel fridge was already packed with other perishables.   The chef, server, and another server were very kind.  My server had a good sense of humor.  I dined a  little before 6:00 p.m. to beat the crowd.   The bistro is small but intimate.  The decor is simple but romantically dark.  The tables were small like the bistros in Paris.  Thank God, Louisiana Bistro changes its menu daily and it's not any where near the noisy places.  I will definitely dine at Louisiana Bistro again because of the great service and delicious food. Warning: The restroom is tiny but conveniently equipped with toilet paper and hand soap unlike some of the other restaurants.quite small.  about ten to twelve tables and only open for dinner.  not for kids but great for older more romantic intentions.  in a very quite area which is more residential.The food here is unforgettable. Everything and I mean everything will blow you away. The chef is out of this world with his dish presentation and thoughtfulness with ingredients and pairings. This is a MUST in NOLA. As compared to other fine dining establishments, we can always get reservations here much easier and in our opinion it costs less but you get so much more. I will admit the exterior and interior are quite run down-don't let this fool you. If you keep an open mind an focus on the food, you will experience something amazing. The first time we came be we almost walked out because the place looked a little intimidating but thankfully I trusted other yelp reviewers and we stayed. I can't even really write much about this place because it's something you just have to experience. Every single dish we've had has been very impressive. Every time we come to NOLA we make it a point to come here one night for dinner. My husband and I love that we can experience extremely fine dining without the hassles of other upscale restaurants- easy to get into, great service, no lines and no tie required. We've haven't done the Feed Me yet but have always been tempted because all the other customers we've seen get it, really seem to love it. The whole table has to participate in Feed Me and unfortunately there's always been someone at our table that was intimidated by it. Maybe one day soon I'll get to try this- it's a chance to let the chef create whatever masterpieces he wants for you!Great Service. Excellent Food. Make sure you try the fried green tomatoesOur favorite restaurant in New Orleans - best food and deal in town.  Excellent food, reasonably priced.  11 tables total.  Chef cooks local cuisine with love and passion - it shows.  Food is prepared to order, chef gives private touch by talking to most customers.  You will not regret eating here!  Only complaint is one of the staff smokes right outside the door and smoke enters restaurant.  A unique experience with food.this place is hidden in the French Quarter,  so small we passed it up walking, service was nice, food was great..Had the "Feed me" 3 course.. the chef comes out to your table and asks you what you dont like.. and whatever he thinks of , he'll make... it was a mystery surprise...  its not even on the menu what he made... pricey but worth every penny!It takes an amazing effort for me to be this fired up for a meal.  The "feed me" option on the menu is everything a foodie wants from a good chef.  I don't want some menu you came up with a year ago and your interns are bored of making.  I want to come in and have you show me you passion for cooking.  
So "feed me" is you picking 3, 4, or 5 small plates of the chefs choice - you don't know what you get until it arrives.  It combines what's fresh, his skill, and what direction his creativity is pointing at that moment.  I wasn't starving so I went with 3.  Before we started the chef came to the table and checked if we had any allergies, restrictions etc. and then after each dish he came back to discuss what we thought.  When do you ever get this at a restaurant?!  The food?  It was amazing.  If I lived here I would have my mail delivered here.
Look if you want a million dollar space, a green plastic drink, or the generic New Orleans classics - go somewhere else.  If you want an amazing meal, cooked by a passionate chef - this place can't be missed.I love this place! Trust the chef to prepare a four or five course selection for you, sit back and prepare to be delighteed.We tried the Feed Me Menu hoping to have an inspiring meal....We were the only two in the restaurant which encouraged us to feel the chef could really be adventurous.  Not so.  The three courses served were uninspired, flavorless, and boring.  Unfortunately, I heard the chef saying they were done for the night (at 7:30), and joking, could the four dishes be washed. We spent a lot of money for a dinner that makes me wish we spent it on a month of groceries.I went to the Louisiana Bistro on Lundi Gras for the second year in a row...and it was better than I remembered. We went with the chef recommended four course meal and were not disappointed. Eric clearly takes pride in his choices; the flavor and the presentation were quite impressive. And nothing beats the chef coming out to present his work. Great service, fantastic "off the beaten path" atmosphere...something I will look forward to for many Lundi Gras to come! 
Some of the highlights from both my visits are the quail served over bacon soaked greens, alligator wrapped asparagus, alligator gumbo, and a New Orleans style soda float with cream cheese ice cream (I did not know that existed!).
If I had to recommend one (ok two) things, it would have to be the craw fish beignet (literally the best thing I have ever eaten) and the pork stuffed pork (which probably has a classier name but Eric will know what you're talking about.There is a bit of culinary magic happening here. I had the special market fish of the day, Red Drum, cooked so exquisitely my jaw dropped. I don't review meals often, but this chef deserves credit for being able to create a nearly perfect plate of food.We finished the meal with the best crème brulé I have ever had, period. This was a happy find during our first visit to New Orleans!We eat here occasionally, as it is close by. Every time I do, I wonder why I don't eat here more often, as the food is exceptional. It is quiet, quaint and delicious. 
For starter, we had the fried green tomatoes, with shrimp, and soaked up the leftover sauce with honey-butter French bread. A taste treat enough to make a meal out of.
For the main course, I had the fresh speckled trout, Beth had the crabmeat salad, which left both of us completely satisfied.
Chef Brandon came out to check on us and make sure everything was fine. The service was very good, available when needed, but allowed us to enjoy our meal and conversation.
We will return and recommend others to do the same.This was the best meal I had in NoLa.  We went on a Sunday evening, after the Saints game.  I am nearly 100% positive that we were the only non-Orleanians there.  Excellent food and service.  The dirty duck was fantastic.  I loved the BBQ shrimp app and the great wine pricing.  A wonderful gem slightly off the beaten track in the French Quarter.What a wonderful experience tonight. When we walked in we were blown away by how quaint the setting was. The menu is small but has interesting choices for food, wine and beer. The staff was very attentive with great help to guide us to our choice. The chef did a incredible job blending flavors and perfectly prepared dishes. I would recommend the Bistro to anyone looking for quality food just a block off of Bourbon Street.Amazing small seating restaurant that's concerned about quality than pushing you out the door to turn the table.  Feed me option s are the best they have.Absolutely wonderful. What a meal/experience! I had read the reviews and found the consensus to be - order the "Feed Me" menu experience wherein the Chef comes and talks to you at the table and finds out a little bit about what you like, don't like - and then goes back to the kitchen to create a custom dining experience for you. The options are between 3, 4 and 5 course, with the price going up by $10 for each additional course. We settled on the 3 course - and I'm glad simply because I don't know how we could have eaten the 4 or 5 and the food was so good that it would be a shame to box it up as opposed to eating it right when it was prepared. 
At any rate, we had three items - two appetizers and an entree. The first appetizer was a Crawfish Beignet with a cajun spiced/Thai sort of sauce - that was really good although, by comparison, it was the "weaker" part of the menu - but even as the weaker part, beat the pants off the best parts of most other menus!
The next course was pan-seared, then slow roasted swordfish, on a bed of mustard greens and pot likker (sp?) sauce/au jus sort of base. 
Oh my gosh. For me, this was the best of the three. I have had swordfish before that was oily and very over-powering. This was delightful. It was tender, perfectly cooked all the way through, without being dry. The greens were the perfect combination and the flavors well complemented one another. And the finish? Piping hot pistolettes that you could use to sop up the sauce. Every bowl was bone dry at the end, leaving you wishing there was just a little bit more. Unbelievably good. One possible suggestion made by one of our party - cornbread to sop up the juices would have been even better. But take nothing away from the swordfish. It was fantastic. 
The third course was a 12 hour Braised Beef Short Rib on a bed of garlic mash and some other bits and pieces. Meat was extremely tender, melt-in-your-mouth good. I savored every bit. The malbec paired with it very well. 
One other comment on the drinks - My friends ordered Sazeracs - which is one of the test of "true" New Orleans restaurants - in my book - and all reported that they were very well made. 
The waiter was attentive, friendly without being intrusive. Very professional. 
Cannot recommend this place highly enough. Bring your friends here and you will be accused of possessing culinary genius....Dine here!  Great little place (10-12 tables) a little off the beaten path.  Close enough to Bourbon Street yet not one of those large noisy establishments.  Being from Florida my wife and I both like to try something from the seafood menu.  Ordering seafood can be chancy as it is easy to screw it up.   Not here, both meals were perfect.   Only negative, no table cloths.  I think fine dining requires table cloths.  So to sum it up; good food, good service, good everything and you don't have to put up with the crowds and mayhem of Bourbon Street.The Bistro is a cozy 12 table restaurant. Perfect! Not overly hungry we ordered appetizers: Fried Green Tomatoes (breading was light & crispy), BBQ Shrimp in a creole mustard aioli, and deep fried oysters with apple smoked bacon. Lord above. All the sauces were spot on, the presentations AND the chef (Chef jeremy) came out to describe each dish as it was served. Service was warm. Such a great find!Absolutely horrible experience. My GF is vegan and when we asked if they could accommodate her, the waiter assured her they would. She ordered a salad that normally came with a bacon vinaigrette dressing and simply asked that the chef substitute something else. She also ordered the Fried Green Tomato. We could hear the chef complaining about it to the point that we offered to pay for our drinks and leave. The waiter apologized and brought out the salad. Half way through, we realized the chef had put the bacon vinaigrette dressing on it! My GF became sick to her stomach and ran to the restroom. The waiter apologized and offered to comp the meal. When we went to leave, the waiter said that since I had eaten most of my dinner and finished our drinks, we had to pay for everything except the salad. Numerous calls to the owner have gone unreturned so this is my only recourse. The chef KNEW she was vegan and intentionally gave her a BACON topped salad. Simply unacceptable!This is a top top rated restaurant in New Orleans, and I wanted to come see for my self that all the fuss was about. After having dinner here I am happy to give it five starts, the service, the staff, and the ambiance of the restaurant get five starts the food is four stars. 
Our server was Justin, who clearly loves his job and it shows in his dedication, work ethic, knowledge of food, kind demeanour, and respectful nature. The cooks and other wait staff was all superb and collectively made our experience here a great one, thanks team! 
The food is authentic Creole and that is exactly what I was expecting, they have their on twist on the Gumbo but I enjoyed it. The pork, duck, and chicken where prepares using Creole species and sweets sauces. While I am not a fan of sweet sauces in meat they made them so well I enjoyed them. 
I definitely recommend this place and will be back!Hands down my favorite place that we dined during our 6 day trip to NOLA.
I was a little disappointed that my boyfriend wasn't interested in the "feed me 3 course option" because he is picky, but more than satisfied with what I ordered.  
Bread:  Was turned off that the bus person/server toasted the bread in a toaster oven and then touched with bare hands prior to serving.
Appetizer:  Crab cakes.  Does not come out in your typical cake style, but rather in a ball and was served with a corn relish type garnish.  Extremely delicious.
Entrees:  I ordered the pork chop.  It was tender, delicious and seasoned to perfection.  It was cooked almost to a medium well, which I was not aware you could do with pork but was delicious regardless.  Was served over a bed of rice with chorizo and shrimp.
My boyfriend ordered chicken jambalaya which was also tasty and delicious and a huge portion.  
I would recommend this location to anyone, it's very classy atmosphere with great service and delicious eats.A lucky stumble-upon. Friendly, intimate, charming, unpretentious, stellar lamb.
An absolute hidden treasure -- must!!Opted for feed me of course. Crawfish beignets, quail, and braised buffalo short rib. Yum.We think this is the best food and best deal in New Orleans - we ate there three times in one week, that should tell you something. The chef loves to cook and show off his talents - which are considerable. He has a "chef surprise" menu where he will prepare food to order - each table has a different menu. We had six meals over three days, all extremely flavorful, tasty, beautifully presented. Service is excellent, the staff is attentive and caring. If you do not like the dish the chef will fix it. For our money this is one of the best deals, if not the best food in New Orleans. Wine list is sparse, but does compliment the meals. Duck confit was outstanding. The tenderloin was incredible as was the jambalaya. Ambiance is minimal, but you go for the food, not the scenery.
My only complaint - the chef comes to each table which chooses the "chef's menu". He needs to work all the tables equally.I went to NOLA in 2010. 
This was one of the best, if not the best place I ate.
The bread was toasted the bread in a toaster oven. For the appetizer we had crab cakes.  My GF ordered the pork chop it was the best pork chop I ever tasted. I ordered the chicken jambalaya it was great and a  huge portion.  
It was small nice, clean and classy atmosphere. The staff was nice and a dog was even friends with the chef. He gave "Fido" some of his cooking. Don't worry it was done outside/This place is an undiscovered gem!  It's quiet and cozy despite being so close to Bourbon.  
As other reviewers suggest, the Feed Me option is the way to go.  I am a person whose friends say "eats like a kindergartener" - generally unadventurous and picky.  My husband hates cheese and won't touch it.  Thus, I was a little nervous about whether Chef Mars could make something we'd both like.  I shouldn't have.
First Course:  Crawfish beignets on beurre blanc with cayenne pepper sauce.  Delicious!  The cayenne pepper sauce was perfectly and sparingly applied to these hush puppy-like bites of heaven.  My husband: "I could eat 20 of these things!"
Second course: Black pepper quail on bacon-soaked greens with jalapeno-hollandaise sauce.  The bacon flavor seemed to seep into everything, making it extra-tasty but not at all greasy.  
Third course: Lamb tenderloin on blue crab etouffee.  This was my first taste of lamb, and it was exquisitely tender.  I didn't sample as much of the crab due to my full and happy tummy.
Dessert:  Flourless chocolate torte with raspberry sauce.  Rich and dense, it took all 3 of us to finish it.
Highly recommend!We happened upon this place as it was right next to our hotel.  We were pleasantly surprised by the Gumbo, and would go back just for that. 
It was quite pricy for our liking, so we didn't go with the "Feed me" option *(where the chef selects your meal), but were quite happy with the Fried Green Tomatoes (my first ever!), the blackened shrimp (intimidating but delicious) and the gumbo (the way gumbo should be made).
All in all , lovely romantic setting, fast friendly wait staff, and delicious (though a little too pricy) food.This is a tough call, but I am going to give the food 4 stars and the service 2 stars. This is going to be a long review, so grab a snack.
We made reservations here for a Friday night, because we were going to see a show at the Saenger and we wanted to eat somewhere close. We arrived a bit after our 7 o'clock reservation (the show was at 9:30) and were seated at a small table next to a wall. This wasn't a huge deal- at first. It kind of became a bit of an issue when a few minutes later a couple walked in with no reservation and were seated at a nice roomy table in the middle of the room. I get that they have to accommodate who comes in when and what's available, but it kind of bugged me because we were a little cramped.
When I was first seated I was given the menu along with a wine list. I then waited 10 minutes before I was asked if I wanted a drink. Our wine was brought out and a lump of butter on a plate was placed between us with zero explanation and zero bread. About 10 or 15 minutes later the waiter came back over and asked if we were ready to order. We ordered and I asked about bread. The waiter said, with a bit of attitude, "The bread is in the oven. It's coming." Well, thanks. Maybe mention that next time when you just abandon some butter on the table. The bread did eventually come and the one good thing about getting bread fresh from the oven- it's hot.
For our appetizer we got the Beggar's Purse, which is lump crab meat wrapped in a flaky pastry shell. It was nothing overly special, but I enjoyed it and it served as a nice start to the meal. For our entree we both got the Puppy Drum Pontchartrain which was drum topped with crab meat and served with mashed potatoes and asparagus. Again, this wasn't anything that blew my socks off, but the fish had a lot of flavor, the potatoes were creamy and the asparagus was crispy and added a nice touch. All in all I enjoyed the meal and I would recommend both of these dishes to anyone dining here.
After dinner, the waiter brought over a dessert menu and again disappeared for about 10 minutes. When he returned, he was going over the menu with us and explaining what was what when a large party walked in. The waiter literally stopped in the middle of his sentence, turned from us and walked over to the walk-in party and tended to them. He didn't give us an "Excuse me a moment" or a "I'll be right back" or anything. It was very strange. He walked off in the middle of the conversation. When he returned, we ordered the Bourbon Swamp Pop Martini Float and two Irish Coffees. After another long wait of probably 10 to 15 minutes, the float came out sans Irish Coffees. When we reminded the waiter of our order, he looked genuinely confused and said he would get them right away. "Right away" here is 5 minutes, so we were happy we didn't have to wait longer than that. 
The entire meal lasted 1 hour and 50 minutes. Look, I'm not an impatient person. I would be totally understanding if the place was packed (it wasn't) or if we didn't have a reservation (we did) or if the food was held up because we were chatting rather than eating. I would love to recommend this place to friends, but the service needs to pick up a bit of urgency. To leave people sitting and waiting, or walking off in the middle of a conversation to serve walk-ins, just makes people feel a bit insulted.
Cliff's: good food, slow service, stop in if you aren't in a rush.Ugh! Feed Me? Just do it!  You're in New Orleans, you're going to spend some money, so just live a little!
My buddy & I did just so after hearing rave reviews from folks walking out of the restaurant.  Several other tables did the same and the menus varied from quail, buffalo short ribs, andouille-spiced Mahi-Mahi, crawfish, beignets, and other wonders of New Orleans chef-fed cooking.
The chef was personable and spoke to every course (three, four, or five course options are available starting at $49.95.).  And don't worry, you get three full courses with the three course option (no dessert).
The staff is perfect, humble, friendly, and they go out of their way to make the experience feel special even though they probably do the same thing for everybody.  
Go, go often, and expect to wait.  It's a tiny joint, like all good New Orleans restaurants are, and if they wait is long, grab a glass of wine and sit outside on one of two benches and watch the folks pass who will never quite understand the culinary wonders on the inside of Louisiana Bistro.Service - Superb.  The chef introduced himself to every table that ordered the Feed Me, asked us for our preference and then came out before every course to introduce it.   Great touch.
Reservations - I think the owner prefers it but not needed.  Place was never busy.
Environment - Dark, very quiet.  Only two tables had window view.
Food - Three Course Feed Me Plus Dessert.  Regardless of what you pick, there is only one main course.  The rest are starters.  We were stuffed with only three courses.
1. Complimentary Bread and Butter - Soft warm rolls.  Bland but the butter was very good.
1. Fried Oysters - 6+ oysters.  Very fresh and the cornmeal batter was incredibly light.   Fried very well with crispy shell and juicy middle.   Did not taste fishy.  Sauce needed a bit of salt.
2.  Alligator Gumbo - Taste like sausage!  Again, needed a bit of salt. Very peppery and a bit bland.  Least favorite dish.
3.  Stuffed Pork Chop with Cheese Grits - I was very happy when pork chops came out since that was one of the items on the menu that got rave reviews.  Two one inch cut of pork chops stuffed with boudin and sausage on top of cheese grits and a sweet and sour BBQ sauce.  Pork chops were moist, stuffing was to die for.  Cheese grits were seasoned well.  BBQ sauce provided the extra salty kick needed. 
4. Cream Cheese Ice Cream with Balsamic Chocolate Sauce - Interesting flavors.  You could definitely taste the cream cheese and the balsamic vinaigrette.  I didn't think the combination paired well.  Fresh strawberries added a nice palette cleansing.
5. White Chocolate Bread Pudding - Of all the bread pudding I had in NOLA, this was my favorite!  Moist and not overly sweet.  Wasn't overpowered by cinnamon and had no raisins.  Came out piping hot and topped with fresh strawberries as well.I had a great meal--blue crab gumbo, an incredible pork chop with red eye gravy, and an ice cream with strawberries and a balsamic reduction. It was all top notch.We ate here next night after arriving from Chicago, and we had a very pleasant experience.  The food was fantastic.  I am allergic to mercury, and of course the chef was very information on what is the best dish available, as well as had great knowledge of allergies in sea food.  Besides that, this really is a small, intimate place, and definitely not a chain type feel.  One of the best spots in the French Quarters as far as food goes for me!!I have no idea was this place has 5 stars. 
I was not impressed by any means.
When we got there the staff was rude---like they were going out of their way to serve us--and the place was empty!
The food was tolerable-nothing fantastic-definitely not worth 5 stars.
We started with the fried frog legs. I had never had them before so-why not? I'll try anything once (well, almost anything) 
That being said--I will not order them again. Way too much breading and grease. 
I had the crab and asparagus salad as my entree. The crab was good, but the salad was very small and definitely not worth the price. I was still hungry after I ate my salad--that never happens. I always have leftovers.
My boyfriend had the steak special--not impressed. The steak was average at best.
All in all is was extremely disappointed and I would not go back again.
My recommendation--find another place to eat.We ordered the surf and turf, as well as the pork chops. They were sooo delicious. We love the restaurant's style of  cooking. My steak was tender and the crawfish was creole spicy. The combination with their mashed potatoes was terrific. My husband got the pork chops and it was juicy and succulent. It was served with a sweet potato hash covered in flavorful gravy. The bistro is small- 8 tables only and the menu is limited. But what they do have, they do well.We went there with great anticipation, seeing the good reviews that this place had. Unfortunately, the experience was not so great for us. Having selected the "Feed Me" option, it turns out that the chef was not really interested in what we felt like but rather in whatever he felt like cooking at the time, regardless of patron. He was condescending when told why we felt like eating, saying that "we are completely missing the point". Well thank you, it's a chef's mercy option, however, it would not have killed him to hear us out.
That attitude as well as a really poor quality Tempranillo by the glass and the final bill for a mediocre dinner which neither of us enjoyed, leads me to award it a one star. I will never be going here again.We hear every single time we go to New Orleans every year. Every time we hear the food is fantastic. This is a very small restaurant with limited seating so make a reservation. My husband usually gets the chef creation of the day. We love the food here it's small and comfortable.It was not crowded on a Wednesday night with only four tables with guests, so walking in without reservations was easy.  It is a relaxing atmosphere and a table for one with a window view was requested.  The menu was traditional fare for NOLA, but the seafood gumbo was just average.  A bit of honey in the butter was a nice touch to piping hot crusty bread.  The filet with crab meat, asparagus and side of béarnaise was perfectly cooked to medium and served on top of mashed potatoes that were a bit grainy.  Two glasses of wine completed a meal that certainly satisfied my appetite, but the $96 tab after tip left me wondering how this place can compete with a plethora of restaurants with much more flair and equally good food.This restaurant was recommended by some friends and it did not disappoint. The four of us ordered Feed Me, which basically is the Chefs choice. Everything was cooked to perfection, Chef David was greatAll of the yelp reviews were helpful in narrowing down the choice for Louisiana Bistro for our anniversary dinner last night - thanks!  Restaurant didn't disappoint.  Of course we went with the Feed Me/ 3 course meal at $49 per person.  What I loved is that several tables around us also selected the Feed Me option and were served totally different dishes.  I think we got lucky - fried frog legs in a divine sauce, gigantic Cajun shrimp with grits, and a rarely served chicken fried steak over whipped sweet potatoes and asparagus spears.  Favorite was the frog legs - what a treat!  We splurged on the cream cheese ice cream balsamic drizzle.  This is a meal we'll remember.  Don't be shy about telling Chef Mars if there's something you prefer not to eat.  I saw rabbit was on the menu and told him I'm not a fan.  He rolled his eyes at bit in jest but honored by request to keep the rabbit away.  Next table got quail and one women refused to even taste it - really?We had the 'Feed Me' experience and it was good - starts at $49/3 courses and an additional $10/course after. Shrimp and grits was great and the chicken fried filet mignon was quite good.I had the feed me menu, which was excellent. Frog legs, redfish, and rabbit were all well prepared and presented, and the chef came out to explain each course. 
The ambience is great, and the greeter is a charming man with impeccable manners. My waiter seemed a touch disengaged or annoyed or something. He wasn't rude, exactly, just a little off somehow. 
This place is pricy but worth the expense, IMO.GO TO THIS RESTAURANT AS OFTEN AS YOU CAN
I made reservations well in advance at this restaurant for a table of four, and let it be known that we'd likely be interested in the "chef's feed me" option for dinner.
On the night we dined, the restaurant was only about 1/3rd full, which surprised me given the fact that it's known to be crowded. That being said, New Orleans was overrun that same night with people in town for a football game who, by all visual accounts, were much more interested in cruising Bourbon Street rather than hitting tony restaurants. 
We found the waiter to be very efficient and eager to help, yet not at all interested in pestering us about one thing or another. He had a sense of what we needed, and when we needed it, and otherwise left us alone. 
The feed me experience is definitely the way to go, especially after one gets a glimpse at the unimpressive menu (sorry Chef, but it's  a weak set of options). It seems that the chef is mostly encouraging the customized dinner, which is just fine by me, because that's what I was expecting to enjoy all along.
And enjoy we did. We chose the four-course option and made gluttons of ourselves. The courses included... 
Crawfish beignets (apparently served regularly as part of the chef's dinners)
A slap-yo-mama speckled trout with a light dusting of basil and crumbs with a muniere sauce. 
Grilled quail on a bed of stewed greens with pot likker (I don't care what you think, if you were raised country like me, you too would have been turning the bowl upside down to finish every drop). This was astonishingly good.
Creole braised rabbit, rich with tomato and succulent at every bite. A hearty coup de grace when we honestly didn't expect yet another dish so rich. 
At each course, the chef came out to describe the concoction for us. I also asked that he recommend some glass of house wine to accompany the meal, which he did to my satisfaction.
My companions went on to enjoy desserts of bread pudding and chocolate cake, but I couldn't eat another bite. Rather, I enjoyed a brandy and some coffee and started thinking about when I possibly could visit this gem of a restaurant again very soon.This is the #1 restaurant I recommend to people eating in New Orleans.   The ribs ruined me for all other ribs.  Chef"s Choice fixed menu worth the risk, and you are guaranteed to taste something new to your tongue.We had a four course meal prepared by Jeremy Wells. Excellent! My favorite, and first time trying, was scallops. It had a sweet spicy cream sauce that complimented perfectly. The last course was a steak filet that was my husbands favorite. I love the personal touch of a chef preparing a meal for you. Step out of your box and try.Outstanding! This was our first meal in New Orleans and it couldn't have been better.  We had made reservations, and we were greeted as soon as we walked in the door.  The ambiance is on the darker and quieter side, but this is what we were looking for.  Each of us ordered something different so that we could try a variety.  The surf and turf was amazing, as was everything else!  Wine and service were all great as well.  Our waiter even gave us a few ideas for dinner and dessert at nearby restaurants.This was by far the most unpleasant "fine dining" experience I ever had.    
The restaurant was recommended by a local, who touted its "feed me" menu, which is basically a three-or-more course menu created by the chef after consulting with each party of diners.  We understood that the chef would inquire about our tastes and any food allergies.  However, when we met the chef, he was extremely arrogant and became irate when a couple of us mentioned some items we preferred not to eat.   He suggested that if we were not willing to eat whatever he put down in front of us, then perhaps this menu was not appropriate for us.  Even though I was ready to walk out at that point, we made the error of acquiescing.
The menu we ordered comprised two appetizers and a main course.  Nothing we were served was extraordinary. The first appetizer was crawfish beignets.  It was "bready" and I only saw one small piece of crawfish in my serving.  The second appetizer was a fish dish covered in a somewhat cloying white sauce that had me wondering if Velveeta was one of the ingredients.  The main course was a rabbit stew - it was tasty enough, but nothing noteworthy.  The meal was accompanied by what appeared to be commercial white bread rolls that were heated in a toaster oven in the corner of the restaurant, which apparently serves as the focal point of the décor too. 
I suppose we were meant to be so overwhelmed by the food that we wouldn't notice how unappealing the venue is as a whole.  Small Formica tables provided the setting for our meal, which we ate with flatware that looked like it had been rescued from a school cafeteria.  Tablecloths were non-existent although, thankfully, cloth napkins were provided.  The service was very casual, but adequate. 
 All in all, a very memorable experience, but unfortunately, not in a good way.Our awesome and very knowledgeable bartender, Lisa, from May Baileys recommended this place. It was half a block away. 
We are here on a Friday night and were surprised that we were seated right away. We were greeted warmly by our server, Justin. He was incredibly attentive. 
I had been drinking a complex cocktail at Mays and didn't think it was wise to switch liquors. Justin had not heard of it, so I was going to pass on it. He brought me paper and a pen to write down the recipe. That is service ! He NAILED IT. It was delicious. 
We ordered the Boudin Balls, per Lisa's suggestion, and told Justin to pick two entrees for us. 
The Boudin Balls were amazing. I wanted a bowl of the sauce to eat like soup. Just as we were sopping up the last of the sauce, our entrees arrived. We had Surf and Turf and a Blue Crab Salad. 
The Surf and Turf was a perfectly cooked filet topped with a crawfish scampi. It had medium heat, just enough to know it is there and have it linger a bit. The flavors were wonderful. Again, with the sauce. Plates licked clean. 
The salad had a good amount of crab tossed with the perfect amount of dressing. Dressing is one of my sticking points. Don't drown it, coat it lightly. It was done right. The crab was served atop fresh greens and deep fried asparagus. The asparagus was also cooked perfectly. The breading was neither overly seasoned nor oily. 
For desert, Justin picked Cream Cheese Ice Cream. Imagine the best cream cheese frosting you have ever eaten, but a tad creamier and frozen. Yum!
Honestly I don't think five stars is enough. This restaurant had it all. The service was incredible. I felt as though we could sit and talk with Justin and Sam for hours upon hours. Great people who are great at their jobs. Thank you so much for a wonderful experience. We will definitely come back here on our next visit.As promised, we came back to the Louisiana Bistro during our next visit. This time we ordered the chef's choice. Justin asked if we wanted three or five courses. Duh! I skipped lunch for this, bring us five!
All were great. Sam mixed us each special cocktails too. This place never disappoints. Ambiance, service, food, drinks, location...everything deserves five stars. 
When we were finished, Justin brought out a sheet of paper with all of our courses listed on it. I guess he figured I may not remember after all the delicious cocktails we drank. I posted a photo of this paper as well as some of the dishes we enjoyed. 
Stop by on your next visit. You can wait for an hour or more for okay creole or overly pretentious food or you can come to Louisiana Bistro and have one of the greatest dining experiences EVER. Your choice.Loved it! We had the 3 course "feed me meal" and it was amazing the atmosphere was great and servers were very friendly the chef was a bit pretentious but  thats fine with me as long as he serves good food. MAKE RESERVATIONS!We (gratefully) stumbled upon this place while trying to find a place to dine for dinner one night. It's a small restaurant with few tables and excellent service. Fortunately, they were able to squeeze us in without reservations (Reservations Recommended). We were not bold enough to try the Chef's Feed Me deal, so if you are adventurous, I would suggest giving that a try. What we did order was very fulfilling. I tried the Drum (for the second time this trip) and my husband had the surf and turf. Every bite was delicious and the dishes looked like they had been prepared with care. The atmosphere was relaxing and romantic as we felt like we had found a secret hide away tucked away among the busy streets in the French Quarter.It isn't fancy. It isn't formal. It isn't particularly well-decorated. The plates are not elegantly garnished. And your meal will not be the flawless experience you might be expecting from one of the more upscale establishments. However, the staff is warm and genuine, and most importantly, the food is hearty and satisfying. 
The Louisiana Bistro is a magnificent specimen of that rare, elusive beast, the local joint hidden in plain sight...smack in the middle of a touristy part of the city. You can tell because they have actual, serious regulars. A diner might receive a hug from his waiter as he leaves, a passing mention that they will be closed on his regular night next week, or even simply a yelled, "Bye Gary!" as he walks out the door. 
I must admit that it isn't a perfect meal; some asparagus might arrive mushy and overcooked, and the bread might be a bit stale. But these things can be overlooked as overall, the food is excellent. For instance, the BBQ Shrimp off the bp Menu (covered in a mysterious black goo)* are an intensely flavorful riff on, as well as the best I've had of the New Orleans staple. The Drum Meunière is absolutely perfect. 
And yes, the Feed Me Menu is a must-try, if you're hungry enough. The chef personally comes over to your table and discusses your tastes with you, and then designs the meal specifically for your palate based on what fresh ingredients he has in the back. This tasting option is the reason why the staff is bluntly up-front about whether or not they will be able to accommodate you when you walk in. Because such attention to detail takes time. 
Admittedly, it might seem like rudeness when they tell you they simply can't seat your table right now, or will seat you, but won't be able to take your order for a few minutes. However, I like to think that they are really just looking out for the customers they are already serving, and making sure they don't put too much strain on the kitchen. 
So maybe the Louisiana Bistro isn't particularly polished. But the food is really, really good. That's what matters to me; if it's what matters to you, I'd recommend you stop by.
___________
*A cutesy, tongue-in-cheek reference to the oil spill. bp = Bitch, Please.This is one of those places that needs to be on everyone's list of places to eat.  We always get the "Feed Me" and never leave unhappy.  Trust the chef and you will experience a great meal.  I always leave here surprised at what he has done.I just cannot talk or write too much about thjis place because i am currently hungry and thinking abou the food there is engaging my gastric juices. This place is FANTASTIC. The staff are he best. The food is supherb. I had the pork chop and it was the juiciest and most flavorful pork chop i have ever had. The chef is just awesome. My fiance has some dietrary restrictions and he came up with something special just for him!. My other mates all enjoyed their meal. The portions are just perfect...after a week of just binging on food, this was the best place to have our last meal.
The desserts!!! oh gosh the desserts!!.cream cheese icecream and the white chocolate bread pudding.....I've got 3 words..DE LI CIOUS!!   I'm DONE!This place is foodie heaven on earth!  I found it on Yelp, which I've come to rely on when we're in New Orleans.  In a city full of great restaurants, let me tell you, this one really stands out. 
Like so many Yelpers who've sung the praises for Lousiana Bistro, we opted for the 3-course "feed me" dinner and asked the chef to pair the dishes with wines of his choosing.  It was great fun!  The first course was crawfish beignets, and all I can say is, "wow!"  Wonderful pastries served with a killer hollandaise, drizzled with a spicy red sauce, and paired with a crisp pinot grigio. .  
After that, the chef brought us a cajun mahi mahi dish.  I'm not sure what wine was paired with the fish ... all I can remember is that it was fantastic, too.  
When the chef brought out the last dish, my wife surprised him by immediately identifying it as rabbit, one of my favorite dishes!  The rabbit was braised and slowly cooked in a creole sauce, so it literally fell off the bone.  The cabernet sauvigon served with this entree held up well with the spicy meat.
Having dined at Commander's Palace the night before, I must say we had a much better meal at the Lousiana Bistro.  Here, the chef, like his patrons, is willing to take a some chances.  I find that much more appealing.  When we get back to NOLA, we'll be dining at the Louisiana Bistro again, I can promise you.Astounding...our first visit to NOLA, and we just happened by this place on our way back to the hotel after our first walk around the Quarter. I filed it away, and later that night, after a few drinks in the Davenport Lounge, we headed back for some dinner. Mostly because it was nearby, and the menu looked reasonably good. 
What a surprise! The waiter, Justin, talked me into ordering the Fried Green Tomatoes (cornmeal crusted with jalapeno hollandaise. $8), and my wife into ordering the New Orleans BBQ Shrimp (jumbo gulf shrimp in a creamy black pepper sauce, $11). I don't like tomatoes much, and she's not big on BBQ, so, with that start, it would have to be really good to please us. 
The fried green tomatoes were amazing. Firm, crispy, and hot, and the Jalapeño Hollandaise wasn't too spicy...just right. However, the shrimp were the truly amazing part of this meal. I guess Creole BBQ is something different than I thought, because this sauce was rich, brown, earthy, spicy...not a hint of vinegar, but something so much more profound. It put me in mind of a cross between Moroccan tagine and massaman curry, yet none of those even comes close to describing the deliciousness of that sauce. 
The meal just got better...Grilled Lamb au Poivre (black pepper grilled lamb loin with wisconsin cheddar grits, cornmeal crisp haricot vert and chef's "bastardized" bbq sauce $29) and Pork Chop (spice rubbed grilled double-cut pork loin chop
smothered with tasso red-eye gravy on a sweet potato hash, $24). Everything was absolutely fantastic, and by the time dessert arrived (cheesecake ice cream), I was sold on Louisiana Bistro for life. I just hope it's still here the next time I visit NOLA. This place will bring me back.
In the meantime, I will be dreaming of BBQ Shrimp...***Dear Readers With Allergies***
If you are going for the "Feed Me" option, you will be refused if you have a shellfish allergy.  Wish that were clearly stated on their website.  I would have gone elsewhere, if so.  Was going to try the 5 course option for $69.  Read other reviews of courses including, lamb, rabbit, bison, frog legs, etc.  *That's* what I was hoping to try because I haven't had most of those before, but...
Instead, I settled on the Pork Chop : spice rubbed grilled double-cut pork loin chop smothered with tasso red-eye gravy on a sweet potato hash. $24.  It was good.  Not as exciting as what I'd hoped to try, but good.  Worth the price? *shrugs*
Also had a dirty martini, and a slice of flourless chocolate torte with raspberry sauce and fresh raspberries.  Both good.
If you're looking for another "Feed Me" option that is more accommodating, try "Cafe Giovanni" a couple blocks over.  I'd gone there the night before, and they were more than happy to leave out the shellfish.My Husband and I went to Louisiana bistro when we were in New Orleans 2 years ago celebrating our anniversary, Before I knew about Yelp. 
We actually had reservations for a different more well known restaurant.  When we arrived at the restaurant we were told we had to wait 45 minutes with the reservation. We called our hotel concierge to ask for another restaurant, He set up a reservation for Louisiana bistro.  We head over there, I had remembered seeing it on our way to the hotel a few days before.  The front of the restaurant is adorable, it doesn't look like much but it's really cute and intimate.  We walked in and mentioned our concierge's name and we were seated immediately. There were about 10-12 tables. We were greeted by our server who was friendly and very pleasant to talk to.  He was very knowledgeable of the menu and when asked what he would recommend he did not let us down.  Unfortunately after two years I do not remember what we had, but I do remember thinking that it was one of the best meals I've ever had.  I want to say I had the quail for an appetizer and the duck for a main dish.  It was phenomenal!  The chef even came out and talked to us about the menu. He was very open about how he cooks and what he cooks with.  He was very personable and very outgoing, He even wished us a happy anniversary which was very sweet. The next time my husband and I are in New Orleans we will definitely be going back there.  Out of several of the restaurants we tried that weekend that is one of our favorites.  Even to this day my husband and I talk about what a great meal and what a great experience we had at Louisiana bistro!The best restaurant in the WORLD!!! Chef Wells RULES!!!! Go there and order freestyle "feed me"!   Absolutely AWESOME!!!  Extended my trip so I can experience it again before my trip back home to New York.We came here this past weekend for Mardi Gras. I was exhausted that we were able to get a reservation since I know seating is tight (14 tables or so in the entire restaurant). 
The atmosphere reminded me a lot of a small New York Italian eatery. It was dark and cozy. I did feel maybe our group was a bit too loud for the venue. Six chatty ladies seemed to drown out the restaurant- so I felt a bit uncomfortable. I was also a little bummed at the stock photography since I read the chefs biography and learned he was a photographer. How amazing would it have been to see some cool personalized decor?! 
The menu was a little odd- it had the BP logo - and said Bitch Please. I know about the oil spill- was this a jab? Anyway, it seemed a little strange.
The bread is some of the best in town that I ate- which is saying a lot...New Orleans knows how to bake bread!
We started with the fried green tomatoes - which were just ok in my opinion but the group as a whole liked them. 
I had a light entree which was a crab salad with fried asparagus and a delicious lemon aioli. I am going to try to re-create this since it was spectacular! 
Our service was very friendly- and the chef (I am assuming) asked if he could take a picture of us since we had some masks with us for the parade. 
Overall the dinner (with a coffee- but no drink or alcohol) was about $40 including gratuity and tax. A little pricier for a salad but I was happy with the meal.We just had our 4th visit to Louisiana Bistro and Amazing as always, Chef Mars is a master of his art, and the waitstaff is great! You can tell the Chef is doing what he loves and does it his way, if you are looking for a "have it your way" Burger King experience go to Burger King, if you want a dining experience with food prepared by a master order "feed me" and enjoy. I would recommend making a reservation don't be a d-bag and give a 1 star review because your dumba$$ rolls in just before closing time expecting the red carpet rolled out for you, they are for quality not quantity.After waiting an hour we left. No entrée served.  Appetizers were fine but if it weren't for lack of kitchen response would have given higher rating..I'm appalled at paying one hundred dollars for the meal we just had. The filet was decent, the drum was thin and barely present, and we weren't informed about the lack of garlic mashed potatoes to accompany each meal until we were served. Have you had mashed sweet potatoes under a filet with lemon pepper sauce? Come the fuck on. Get your shit together on a non busy Sunday night and I might come back, and tell cookie to not be lazy and make some more potatoes per the menu.Ask Mars for the chefs special.  Pure geniusAmazing.  Went with the hubby and parents.  All 4 said it was one of the top 3 meals they had ever had (and we all have diverse tastes: hubby is midwestern, parents are snobby Californians, and I like East coast food/culture)
Ambiance: romantic, enchanting
service: amazing, knowledgeable, totally put you at ease to the point where I felt comfortable letting them guide the experience
food: gourmet (but still accessible) version of french creole cuisine.  Creative, subtle, sophisticatedWe wandered around for a long time, looking for a place to eat dinner. The Louisiana Bistro was just right. Not touristy, not loud, just a cozy nook with friendly staff and great food. I ordered the Dirty Bird with Mysterious Brown Goo (how could I resist?), which turned out to be duck confit over tasty rice with a balsamic reduction sauce. Delicious! For dessert we had the cheesecake ice cream and strawberries with balsamic reduction sauce (again). Unexpectedly awesome! I recommend this restaurant. Make reservations.A few suggestions for restaurant owners where tourists tend to visit (e.g. New Orleans' French Quarter):  (1) If you don't open until 6p and don't wish to be disturbed, please lock your door; and (2) if you feel that your guests are interrupting you, please be kind and patient with them - as they are tourists who wish to spend money at your establishment.
Here's what happened upon our arrival:
We arrived 10-15 minutes before our 6p reservation (not realizing that the restaurant doesn't open until 6p).  We typically arrive early so that we can enjoy a drink at the bar.  Note:  the "Full Bar" designation doesn't necessarily mean that they have a bar.
When we walked in, we noticed that the staff was seated at tables eating their dinner. Nobody bothered to get up from their chair to greet us at the door.  The head chef or owner - also seated across the room at a table - explained from his chair that the restaurant wasn't open.  We told them we'd be happy to grab a drink nearby and come back.  Despite our attempt of correcting the situation...
The next statement from the head chef or owner was extremely rude:  As we continue to stand in the door watching staff eat, the head chef or owner looked across the room to his staff and said, "I guess we're open."
Seriously?  We left and found another restaurant in the neighborhood who seemed happy to serve us.Because my mother & I are vegetarians, we didn't go with the "feed me" option, and the menu itself didn't have many vegetarian options. However, the chef came out, talked to us about what sort of foods we liked, and made us one of the most amazing, local meals. They were so welcoming and accommodating, I wished I lived in NOLA just to be able to come here again. 
Small, intimate, and lovely atmosphere. BIG thumbs up to the Louisiana Bistro.Amazing service and food! My friend and I were on a tight schedule for dinner so we would make it to our show on time. The staff was absolutely accommodating and friendly!  We ordered the three course meal,  chefs pick, and every course was amazing! The chef came out each time to tell us about the dish.  This was an awesome experience in a great restaurant with amazing staff, and a talented friendly Chef! I will be back! The food is worth the price!We ate many great meals while on a recent trip to New Orleans and this was definitely the standout. After reading all of the reviews on Yelp we tried the "Feed Me" menu and were not disappointed!  We didn't have any major allergies or issues so the chef was happy with the freedom.  We started with a great glass of wine and waited for the 4 courses to begin. We started with the excellent and so tasty crawfish beignets with a spicy sauce. The next course was a roasted pear stuffed with crabmeat and a few other items I can't recall. This may have been my favorite - nice balance with the sauce. Next we had a quail prepared in a manner I can't entirely recall, but it was delicious. Having never had quail before it was a nice surprise.  We finished with what seems to be a house fave: the 12 hour braised bison short rib - wow it was tasty! The BBQ sauce it's in is delicious and the meat was so tender.  The service was fantastic and it was an interesting mix of people in the restaurant on a Sunday night.We happened upon this small, intimate eatery discretely tucked into a tiny space by chance while walking back to our hotel following some afternoon shopping and were immediately delighted. 
While we only had time for drinks and some appetizers, our experience was phenomenal. Delightful, friendly service, good drinks (best Martini I had in New Orleans) and the crab cake and blue cheese salad were served quickly and absolutely delicious. If I had one "complaint" it would be that the salad actually had too MUCH blue cheese, a rare "problem" indeed and easily remedied by simply leaving some behind.
Great ambiance, charming decor, fast service and great food - we'll be back!I was really excited to try this restaurant after reading the reviews and hearing a friend rave about it. And I know I am committing some sort of yelp sin by giving it 3 stars.
Came here with my hubby and in-laws for our anniversary dinner. We opted for the 4-course "feed me" option. This is basically 4 decent-sized entrees, people. We started with 3 huge crawfish beignets (very much like fried hush puppies). They were okay. Glad I only ate 2 to leave room in my belly. The second dish was the best one. Escolar with roasted peppers (the only veggie of the night). The fish was cooked to perfection, the seasoning was perfect and the sweetness of the roasted bell peppers was a perfect compliment. Third dish was quail on mashed sweet potatoes (I guess technically a veggie but a starch in my book). Fourth dish was slow braised buffalo short ribs on mashed potatoes. Most amazing bbq sauce. Truly. I'd buy a bottle. 
I was a tad disappointed with the lack of veggies. I know it's easier to make a big tub of mashed potatoes, but I was hoping to see the Chef's finesse with (not fried) southern vegetables. We were told at the beginning this is not a standard soup/ salad/ entree sort of dinner. But 4 entrees? Well, the beignets were sort of an appetizer, I guess. I was praying for some type of salad or anything green on the plate by the end. 
We all enjoyed the food and overall we had a good experience. Our server was awesome :-) IF we go back we will definitely order off the menu and skip the "feed me" option.I took my wife here for her birthday, and of course we did the Feed Me 4 course option.
The restaurant was a lot smaller than I expected, which was a good thing. The staff was very attentive, and very nice. The chef then came over to ask us about allergies/preferences, and we told him we were 100% open to anything.
Before I start this next part of the review, let me just say that all the food far passed my expectations in terms of taste and quality. That being said I was a little disappointed to hear/see that the tables around us getting the Feed Me option received all the same courses we did. While the food was excellent, that fact that we weren't given a "unique" menu as we expected was disappointing.
The only thing I'd complain about if I have to is the limited wine menu, but that won't stop me from going back in the future.Like many other people that have written here I went with the "Feed Me" option, but after reading many of the reviews I find it startling that hardly anyone had any of the same dishes I did.  In fact the person seated at the table across from me also went with the 3-course option but none of her dishes were the same as mine either.
To be able to create such a variety of cuisine and do it at a high level is nothing short of remarkable.  Just for the record my three courses consisted of fried rabbit, a native fish (can't remember the name) over red beans and rice, and buffalo ribs smothered in a jalapeno sauce.
If you're in NO you'll never have a shortage of things to eat but do yourself a favor and stop here.  Not only is the food delicious it often puts a spin on more traditional NO stand-by's which means you'll likely be trying something familiar but prepared in a fresh way.I love love this place! Again amazing with the "Feed me". My favorite this round was crab cakes with remoulade sauce. Explosion of flavors. Always different and my favorite place in New Orleans!Not very good.  Won't return. Duck was very tough. Filet was not very good either.  Very disappointing for the amount of money it cost to eat here.Ate here twice, on first two nights in NOLA. Small & intimate, both the restaurant & the menu. Staff all been there forever. 
As a friend commented, every plate returned clean. Pretty casual for a high end place. Highly recommended.This is one of the best restaurants in New Orleans, but it gets overlooked because it's neither one of the old grande-dames or one of the new hoighty toighty restaurants.
Try this place if you favor great food over flash and pomp.  Try it if you don't feel like having to wear a jacket to dinner.  Try it because you're an adventurous eater and want to try some twists on classic creole food.
And if you eat here... DEFINITELY get the "feed me" meal.  It's what the chef lives to do.  It's a series of courses fixed specially for your table that are not on the menu, and a surprise at each course.  It's really fun, and his culinary talents are superb.Nothing to complain about! We showed up at 8:15 with no reservation on a Friday night and had great service and delicious entrees with no wait. As a New Yorker I thought no line might mean no good, but we were overjoyed with the simple sophistication and positive vibe in the restaurant. We'll be back for the "Feed me?" option where you tell the chef how many courses and he chooses your meals. A great place.My review will be much like everyone else's, but I'll write it anyway.  We did the four course "feed me" meal.  FANTASTIC!!!  If you go, that's the way to go.  Chef Mars was wonderful, it was really cool to be able to talk to the chef a bit and have him make food especially for you.  Besides the fact that the food was absolutely incredible!  I can't even recall all of the courses, but nothing disappointed.  The service was great, too.  The ambience was very nice, very small, dim lighting, great for a romantic night, but also good for a bunch of friends, like us, who wanted a good meal and conversation.
I've seen in other reviews people complaining that the chef didn't come out to talk to them because they ordered off the menu, and that the chef should come talk to every table as he does the "feed me" tables.  No, he shouldn't.  He is a little busy cooking amazing food for everyone to eat, not just the feed me tables.  He only comes out to explain to us what we're eating, otherwise we wouldn't know.  So, if you want to complain about that, try ordering the feed me meal, and shut up and enjoy your food.  
This place was absolutely wonderful, and I'll be back if I'm back in town!So good that we went twice during our stay.  I love this place.  The wait staff was funny and accommodating, the chef came out and chatted with us, and the food - delicious!i got into town late and decided to eat here based on yelp reviews and the proximity to my hotel. I was really looking forward to doing the 'feed me' option but was told 20 minutes after i sat down and had already ordered that they were somehow out of this supposedly spontaneous creation. As a tourist and newb to the city i was looking forward to having a dialogue with the chef about the cuisine, but i guess i wasn't special enough since i wasn't/couldn't do the 'feed me'. instead i ordered crawfish merliton and cajun surf & turf (steak & crawfish). Both of these were good but I'd say some of the crawfish were a tad gamey. Considering the wait, the prices, the elbow-to-elbow-crowdedness and the unastounding quality of the food, i will not be returning.FEED ME!!!! That's all you need to know....FEED ME!!! Ask for it by name and be prepared to be blown away!! Best dining in New Orleans, hands down!! The staff is awesome and the executive chef is one of the finest in New Orleans. 
The restaurant is small, only six tables maybe, but it's casual as can be. We were there for a south Louisiana rain shower and the ambiance was beyond memorable. If you miss this place, you have missed a true gem of the french quarter!!Great food in a town where food is king. We love the ambience; intimate but not pretentious. We ordered every thing, and everything was good. Skip the high dollar tourist trap in favor of this local gem.Louisiana Bistro is a staple of ours when visiting New Orleans. This chef-driven concept never fails to deliver on not-so-straight forward, but perfectly interpreted Southern Creole cuisine. Chef Mars is always on hand and we have had the same waiter for seven years. All seven years!
The menu consists of a carefully selection of Creole favorites elevated to perfection. Chef once told us the difference between 'Creole' and 'Cajun' is that Creole is seasoned to taste, cajun is just spicy to be damned spicy. So expect well seasoned food with heat where applicable but restrained to marry with the other great flavors of Creole cuisine.
Simply the best rabbit I have ever had. Best greens I have ever had. Best Creole I have ever had.
Best thing: Check out the "Feed Me" menu where Chef Mars will prepare a multi-course meal based on your tastes and course selections. For reference, we usually get a 3 or 4 course meal with two apps, a small plate and an entree and we leave well sated.Delicious food with a chef that is definitely cooking it for you - I mean he hangs out and talks to you, what more could you ask in terms of attentiveness.
We did the "feed me" and it seems pointless to describe each course because yours will be different, but the one thing that deserves special mention despite everything being phenomenal is the crawfish beignets.  Just wow.
He also did a special flaming dessert for my girlfriend's birthday. Chef Mars likes his food and definitely knows he is skilled and this confidence might be seemed as cockiness if you talk to him a bit, but only if you have never encountered somebody that actually knows what they are talking about.  When somebody knows more about a topic than you, shut up and listen.
Sure there is a cost, and I went here for a birthday and this range is purely special occasions in my mind but you get what you pay for, and this is one of those dining experiences you will never forget.This will be short and sweet. Great food, lousy service. Our server(s) seemed as if it was their first day and they had received no training. We had to request our bill numerous times and when we finally received it, it was the handwritten paper one server used when taking our order. She then had to use a menu to look up each item's price (she got several wrong), after which she proceeded to total everything with a calculator. This step took two tries with a total of three employees working on it. Please bring this step into the 21st century! I would not recommended this restaurant.Working up the street.  Want a good meal. Want a chef/owner who is around. Got a vested interest in making something good. Make you happy.  Got the feed me.chef came out.  Talked some smack, had frog legs, buffalo short ribs, mahi, none of it on the menu, all good, good vibe, chill music playing in the background, and after a 14 hour work day much needed... Worth it. And really kind helpful waiter.On a recent visit to New Orleans, I took a friend to this restuarant for dinner.  We were delayed getting into the city so we did not have reservations; however, we were quickly seated even though the restuarant is very small with 12-15 tables.
We were hungry so we ordered the five course "Feed Me." There was no wine pairing, and since we did not know what the courses were to be (each was to be a surprise with no hints), we relied on the waiters recommendation.  His choice was good, but maybe not the best choice for all the courses.
My friend said she liked all the courses as did I.  No particular favorite as they were all about the same level of excellence.  Our waiter would bring out each course and shortly the Chef would come to our table to describe each course and answer any questions that we might have.
I hope I have a chance to return in the future.My friend and I had the amazing luck of finding this place by chance when we were walking down Dauphine and started chatting with Chef Pete.  Chef Pete told us a bit about the restaurant, the cuisine and a 3, 4 or 5 course chef's choice meal.  We liked the surprise of not knowing what would be served next, so we returned for what would be my favorite meal in Nawlins.  The food was out of this world, the service was amazing and I loved the cozy atmosphere.  Louisiana Bistro should definitely be on your "don't miss" list when visiting the Crescent City.  
Course One: We began with perfectly cooked fried green tomatoes, tender and juicy on the inside and crispy on the outside, which were accompanied by a delicate remoulade that enhanced the flavor, a huge, succulent grilled shrimp and a slightly tangy slaw.  Also, Chef Pete even brought out our courses, explaining the dishes in gorgeous detail.
Course Two: Already impressed, I was not at all let down by the chargrilled oysters, beautifully plump and bathed in seasoned butter.  Deliciously decadent!
Course Three:  BBQ pork ribs on a bed of crayfish.  Honestly, I wondered about the pairing of ribs and crayfish...and then I tried it.  And then I moaned.  And then I took another bite.  And then I moaned...
Course Four: By now I was worried I would not be able to eat everything that was served, and I was right.  I was tortured by tasting perfectly cooked short ribs on a bed of collard greens, all covered in a red wine/short rib juice/other stuff reduction that completely rocked my world.  As much as I wanted it all, I couldn't eat it all.
Obviously, I will go back to Louisiana Bistro again and again to eat all I can of whatever Chef Pete is serving up that day.  This restaurant is not to be missed!Dinner at Louisiana Bistro was the highlight of a long weekend trip to New Orleans.  We had heard about the Feed Me option and I have to admit I was concerned about someone else picking my food for me with minimal input from me, but Chef David proved that my concerns were unwarranted and he produced a 3 course meal that we thoroughly enjoyed and will remember for a long time.  This was a dining experience unlike any other and should the standard for other restaurants to strive for.  It is a small and intimate setting which allows Chef to come out and talk to you about each course and answer any questions you may have.  How many other restaurants provide that type of personalized service to the diners?  One note, I noticed several walk-ins were turned away because they did not have a reservation.  We ate there on a Saturday night and fortunately had a reservation however as the popularity of Louisiana Bistro grows reservations will probably be required.This is one of my favorite restaurants in the country.   If you are looking for the average run of the mill upscale type of place (Commanders Palace, NOLA, Brennan's, etc) DON'T GO HERE.  
BUT
If you are looking for a unique and excellent dining experience--THIS IS THE PLACE.  
A small (40 or so seats) but not cramped place.  Walk in, and nothing special, until you order the "feed me" (4 course for me) dinner.  The first time, I went alone.  Every other time I was either with a few people or a group of 15+.  Each time, we walked away with a unique meal and great time.
If you order the "feed me" meal, Owner-Chef Mars will come to your table and discuss what you like and if there are any special dietary issues.  With every course, he comes back and explains what the dish is and how it was prepared.  
I completely have enjoyed all 6 of my visits to Louisiana Bistro.  In my opinion, this is the best restaurant in NOLA.  I have sent many referrals, and all come away with the same opinion.  This restaurant is a must do.Went here the weekend before Christmas with friends who have food allergies. Chef Brandon Green gave us VIP treatment to accommodate gluten and dairy free issues. He came out three times to make sure we all were happy with our entrees. We were happy with our meals that were off the menu or the specials. He embraces food allergies, loves to please. Thank you Brandon Green!!We called and made reservations and were a little worried about some of the reviews on Yelp.  We arrived about 15 minutes early and were seated with no problems.  Our waiter tells about the specials and we had a chance to get to know our waiter. We ordered grillades and grits and fried green tomatoes for an appetizer. They were excellent. For our entree we ordered surf and turf that was cooked to perfection. For dessert we had white chocolate bread pudding.  
This was a fabulous experience and I look forward to going back.This was a wonderful place to eat. Chef David prepared us the Feed Me dinner consisting of three courses that are not on the menu. One was better than the next. Delicious. Service was fantastic and then the white chocolate bread pudding. Don't miss this great experience.An unusual spot that is quintessentially New Orleans. Very intimate with limited seating. A tooky owner/chef who probably has the capacity to be abrasive. And fantastically prepared cuisine. The Drum Pontchartrain was outstanding, the ribeye stunning and the Seafood Louisiana was perfection. The only thing remotely subpar was the house wine, which we were not a fan of. Outstanding fare, look forward to coming back!I went to the Louisiana Bistro with a group of friends and we ordered the "Feed Me" option.  This is where Chef Mars prepares a 3-5 course meal of items that are not on the menu.  We opted for the 4 course meal.  Mars came to our table and asked us what we might be interested in, if we had any likes/dislikes or allergies, then he went to work.  As each dish is delivered to our table, Mars would present the dish and describe the ingredients.  We finished with desert (not included in the "Feed Me" option).  All 4 courses and desert were outstanding and the service was equally as good.
I plan on returning in the near future.First time...  Husband and I went to try "feed me".  It was good! Went with the three course since we are not huge eaters and good thing!!  Could not have handled the 4 or5.  The crawfish beignets were Delicious!!!!  Then had a fish called escalor??  We had never heard of it but it was very good!!  Last we had braised ribs. They were very tender but tasted liked a ton of black pepper had been dumped on. 
The chef was very brief and didn't take a whole lot of time with us and I wish we could have talk to him before we left!!  We would have told him about the ribs!!  Waiter was just ok. Nothing special!!  Dessert bread pudding was ok but not great. Wanted expresso but do not offer!
I'm not a real picky eater!  I would recommend trying because the food was full of flavor!!!!  Didn't find the price bad and wine was good!!!!Got the 3 course Feed Me option.  We let the chef know we'd like to stay away from deep fried food.  He chuckled and served us 3 wonderful dishes:  crawfish served in a melon over spicy creole sauce, spicy alligator gumbo, peppercorn-crusted duck breast with grits in jalapeno cheese sauce and fried asparagus.  For $39, you get a personalized dinner.  Perfect service as the waiters were really friendly.  They even let me order a glass of Malvasia which wasn't available by the glass on the menu.literally found this place trying to avoid the 'louder' streets and restaurant in the french quarter on a weekend evening. three of us got in luckily without a reservation and the cozy quiet atmosphere was exactly what we needed. on top of great service the food was delicious. i'll definitely be back.This was the best meal we had in New Orleans. Forget Deanies and  those touristy places ( except ACME). And go here.  He's a young chef and he is the future of New Orleans food culture.I would give this a 3.5 rating.
What we got:
Feed Me Tasting Menu ($49 per person) - We liked the novelty of not knowing what we were going to get.
Crawfish Beignets - I wasn't a huge fan of this dish
Shrimp & Grits - This dish was GREAT
Rabbit Creole - Rabbit was so tender, the meat fell off the bones
Service:
This is a small restaurant, less than 20 tables.  The chef came out several times to greet us and explain our meal to us.  It was very cozy and intimate.This small bistro in the French Quarter was quite a surprise. Just a couple of blocks from the wafting stench of garbage, urine, and bad cajun music on Bourbon St., was this quiet oasis on Rue Dauphine. After asking for a vegetarian option, the black beret wearing chef came out and said he didn't know what he was going to serve me, but he did  say what he was not going to serve: pasta primavera, or mixed grilled vegetables. I said, bring it on! and he did. The waiter delivered the first dish, soon followed by the chef who explained it was some sort of squash that I as a northern californian should know, but I didn't. It was surrounded by delicious cheddar grits. The second course was even better. The chef explained it was "other things you can do with 'atoes.'" This was a delicious stack of fried green tomatoes, mashed potatoes, fried sweet potatoes topped with a tomato confit.  Delicious!! If you are veggie, be sure to tell your waiter. None of this was on the menu.  They also have great traditional offerings like duck and andouille gumbo, and seafood etouffe.very impressed with the food and the service we were looking for a place for dinner and was recommended to go to this place, they accommodated the 6 of us even though there was 10mins to closing.   the food was great especially the boudin balls, crab cake and the surf and turf, delicious creole flavours and beautiful presentation and every mouthful was a flavour explosion. I would definitely recommend the place intimate, small but lovely food.Dinner and a floor show too!  Before I review the food, let me mention the diner's eye view I had of Chef Mars throwing out a large group of folks who were clearly quite outraged that their party of ten adults, a small army of poorly behaved children and two giant stroller carts could not be accommodated in a small, quiet fine dining space on a moment's notice.  They certainly did try though.  Their small children were being oh so helpful tugging and knocking over chairs at empty tables and at other diners' tables while the adults attempted to move their massive baby buggy bumpers inside to take up the rest of the space that their kids weren't already running through and despoiling.
Chef Mars was initially polite and just said, "I'm sorry folks, this just isn't going to work - we're too small of a space."  He was nicer than I would have been had it been my table that this bunch was crowding into with their child army and their vehicles.   Other diners could not move out of their chairs in the small space due to where they were trying to park their stuff.   When the chef apologized for not being able to accommodate their large unruly party and vehicles with no reservations, they got rude and belligerent, and the entire unwashed bunch of them hung around the entrance yelling obscenities in Spanish until the staff told them to leave or the police would be called.  
We were deeply grateful that they did not allow our experience to be ruined by this rowdy crew, who clearly needed to be dining at Denny's and not at a fine restaurant where the focus is, deservedly, on the excellent food.
It is worth noting that another family with well behaved young children was dining at the restaurant's only large table, and they caused no problems and had no problems since they were not ruining the experience for other guests.  It's really not that you can't take kids here, you just can't use a small fine dining room as your kids' jungle gym and personal storage area to the point that other customers can't get up from their tables. 
The food was superb, demonstrating a mastery of classic local flavors and techniques while retaining originality, creativity and flavor profiles I would best describe as fun and playful.  The respect this chef demands for his space, his time, and for the other diners in his restaurant is well earned. 
The crawfish beignets with fresh lemon beurre blanc and a hot-sweet pepper sauce were perfectly fried to be both crisp and tender, with flavors that danced across the tongue.  Escolar was rubbed with deep, rich spices and served with a crisp salad of apple shreds, sweet pecans and toasted bacon.  A perfectly grilled black pepper quail rested on a bed of collard greens and 'pot liquor' with a luscious jalapeno hollandaise.  Frog legs were offered perfectly tender and steaming in a flavorful sauce of tomatoes, peppers and onions over a laginappe of fluffy white rice. The slow cooked bison short ribs were beautifully accompanied by sweet and white mashed potatoes and a piquant spicy sauce.  
To finish off this amazing meal, the Creole cream cheese ice cream was covered with the best rendition of a balsamic dessert sauce I've ever tasted, a deep rich praline with absolutely beautiful acidity and complex sweetness.  Absolutely nothing came out of a can or a jar.  This is entirely fresh cooked, competently sourced food in very thoughtful flavor combinations.  
I'm not from anywhere around here - alas - but Louisiana Bistro will be a stop for me any time I am traveling through New Orleans despite a plethora of other excellent restaurants.  Service was knowledgeable, friendly and attentive, and the food was superb.  I saw diners who behaved with respect for the chef and the premises being treated with respect, including the ones who, like myself, politely mentioned food allergies or sensitivities.  I was very grateful that Chef Mars did not allow my fine dining experience to be ruined by allowing people in who were not respectful of the restaurant or of other diners.  
The prices were also more than reasonable for the quality.  Highly recommended, and enjoy the floor show if you happen to be in on a night that unreasonable, rude, entitled, annoying or drunk people show up.  You can dine with confidence that those folks will not be allowed in to degrade the quality of your delicious food experience.It's been a about two months or so since we visited Louisiana Bistro, and we eagerly await another visit when we return to New Orleans. 
The Chef's Tasting menu rules; accommodating of dietary restrictions and good execution. I don't remember our exact dishes, but I know that the proteins were cooked nicely and my partner ate his vegetables quickly (he's a picky diner).  Justin was a very honest and attentive host, and it was a pleasure to sit and talk with the sous chef at the end of the night. (I know, man. I'm sorry. I don't shut up after a couple of glasses of wine!) 
Again, we'll be back. It was truly a pleasure to end our trip with this place and it will surely be a beginning to our next one, because it is a diamond in the rough (of super tourist-y restaurants in the area).Lousiana Bistro was our first meal in town, selected for its proximity to our hotel, positive reviews and the fact that they guy on the phone said we didn't have to dress up ("It's the Quarter, we're just happy if you're wearing clothes," he said). Reservations are important as they fill up quickly and it's a small place, but they were able to get us in about an hour after we called.
Our waiter was a little... iffy, but the food was spot-on. Fresh and toasty bread with a tasty duck gumbo and barbecue shrimp in an amazingly rich and flavorful sauce started us off, followed by a duck confit dish for my husband and deliiicious drum fish for me. Yum!What a wonderful cozy and romantic place.  Our waiter was very nice and was happy to answer our menu questions.
Appetizers:  Crab cake was incredible served over a corn, it was crispy and stuffed with crab and splashed with hot sauce  Really very delicious.  The gumbo of the day was blue crab and it was heavenly, the more you ate it the more you loved it and wanted to keep eating it.
Main Courses:  Lamb with cheese grits and corn crusted Haricot Vert was awesome.  The lamb was so tender and cooked perfectly.  The cheesy grits balanced the spice rub on the lamb.  The duck leg confit with dirty rice and Haricot Vert was absolutely amazing, the duck was so tender you didn't even need a knife.
Dessert: White chocolate bread pudding was indulgent and comforting without being too sweet.  The cream cheesed ice cream was unique and delicious.
Wines:  The wine list while small was decent and offered a nice variety by the glass.  The white burgundy paired well with the appetizers.  The cote du rhone went lovely with the lamb and a pinot noir for the duck.
We did not opt for the Feed Me option, but were sorry that we didn't once we saw other tables getting it.  This was a fantastic dinner and may have been the best of our trip.Do not get me wrong: this place has amazing food and amazing service. I was in town for a conference and a group of us had made a reservation here, based on the reviews. We chose the Feed Me option and were served frog legs (sauce was delicious!), grouper and braised rabbit leg (fell off the bone!). Our server was extremely sweet and kind. 
The reason why I'm giving this place 2 stars is based on what happened after we paid for our meal. Everyone in our party knew this was a cash-only restaurant with no separate checks, so we all put in our share plus tip. After we got our receipt, we asked our server if we could have additional copies of the receipt (for business purposes). As the receipt was handwritten, we said that if it was too much trouble, that our server didn't have to worry about it. Our server said that it would take a few extra minutes, but he would write the 4 extra copies. 
A few minutes later, a lady came from the back of the restaurant and proceeded to scold us for requesting the copies of the receipt. In a loud voice (the restaurant is not that large, so all tables could hear what she was telling us), she said that for reasons like this is why they don't offer separate checks and that we were keeping our server from the other customers. We tried to tell her that we paid together, not separately and it was a request for copies of the receipt. We even told her that we only asked our waiter and specifically asked that if the request was too much, he didn't have to worry about it. This lady was not having it and began to speak even louder, trying to shame us in front of the other customers. 
After it was all over, our waiter brought out the copies of the receipt and we apologized to him for the extra time it took. As we left however, the lady came back out and began talking to the other tables. In a loud voice, she called us 'liars' and said that we had requested separate checks this whole time. 
It was a shame our dining experience ended this way, because the food and service is as most say: excellent. I did not appreciate how this lady handled our situation. If she had come to us privately and mentioned that our request could not be done, we would have simply dealt with our need for receipt copies in another way. Trying to embarrass your customers in front of everyone else and calling them names does not reflect well on your character, nor with the way you deal with business. Not very friendly to business travelers...I went here on a recent trip to NOLA. The first time I arrived a bit late and wasn't able to get the 'feed me' option, due to the fact the kitchen was slammed and it was the tail end of the night. I was a bit disappointed, but I understood why; hell, I've worked in a kitchen and wouldn't want want to keep going out to explain the meals to people at all, never-mind if it's busy. After that meal I wanted to go back. For a main course, I had their Drum Meuniere, which was cooked and seasoned perfectly, on some bangin bourbon mashed sweet potatoes, and the saucy goodness of the creole meuniere sauce. The whole meal was great, but after having that, I made up my mind to come back. Too boot, the chef came out at the end and thanked me for coming and apologized for not being able to 'feed me'. 
Part hot deuce: I came back a few nights later, on my birthday. I walked in and the waiter remembered me, asked if I wanted a menu, I didn't...he knew why. The chef came out asked me the usual, "anything you don't like/allergic too?" Nope, and I let him know this was a big meal for me and I wanted to be assaulted with with his favorite foods. He didn't fail on that task. I won't write about everything I had, as to leave some suspense, but he finished with a 14'ish hour braised rabbit au' creole that was to die for. I wanted to put my fork down and stick my face in it; actually the way I was smelling it my neighbors clearly think I did. No knife needed, as that meat couldn't wait to fall off the bone. Perfect, couldn't have been better. And since I've seen people talk about the ice cream, let me tell you that to is wonderful, home made, topped with a balsamic reduction glaze that really sets it off. 
The service was great, drinks were filthy, food delicious, passionate involved chef, and I liked the small casual atmosphere. I'll be back, that's for damn sure!
Also, as I found out, if you want the 'feed me' option, you should probably come earlier just in case.When the guy at the Junk Shop recommended we go see Chef Mars at Louisiana Bistro for some serious New Orleans dining, we didn't hesitate.  Almost everybody in our party of six ordered the Surf and Turf, a filet mignon with a topping of sweet crawfish.  I've been to hundreds of restaurants with a thousand people and none get the remarkable superlative remarks after dining with Mars.
On our most recent visit, I tried the spotted trout topped with sweet crab while my two guests each ordered...you guessed it...surf and turf.  My trout was exquisite and I enjoyed the stereo pleasure moans as the S&T was emptied from the plates on either side of me.  Yes, we have plenty of ATFs in the Big Easy, but the small, elegant yet unassuming, 11-table Louisiana Bistro seems to acquire the most praise.
I'm not sure if I'm ready for Chef Mars "Feed Me" session.  This prix fix session features multi-courses of the most exotic foods.  Have you ever seen "The Freshman," a film with Marlon Brando playing the godfather?  It features an exclusive club whose members pay megabucks to eat endangered species at lavish dinners.  I'm not saying Chef Mars is serving up endangered species, but his Feed Me menu is hardly ordinary even for experienced foodies.
Louisiana Bistro is a five-star affair, no doubt.  I gotta knock off part of a star because of the value thing.  The Bistro is not a bargain-basement establishment by any means (hey, but neither is it outrageously expensive).  Our two S&Ts, trout, three appetizers, bottle of zin and a white wine chaser rang up a $217 cheque (including tip).
Another star part is sliced off on style points.  The last couple times we've visited without reservations.  Both times around many open tables the head waiter grimaces, then sighs, then whispers an audible "oh no" as if we requested a glimpse of the queen in her underwear.  OK, next time I'll call in advance. 
Hey, we've chatted up The Bistro to all who will listen...even turned on some Nola Natives who never heard of it.  Lucky for us, the LB hasn't caught the attention of the tourist guides or Internet foodies.  I think Chef Mars likes it this way.   Next time you have a special occasion or are marking a life event, put Louisiana Bistro on the short list.  And make a reservation.We were here 2 wks ago and really enjoyed our visit. Our waiter was very attentive despite being very busy and the restaurant has a very homey vibe that we really enjoyed. We were lucky enough to be seated without reservations because we arrived early. FOOD was good, most memorable was the crab cakes. The wine list is also pretty affordable for a restaurant of this caliber. I would go back, but only after trying a couple of other must-try restaurants.The Louisiana Bistro is PERFECT.
It is on the pricier side, to be sure (you might pay just upwards of $100) for a full meal that includes one or two drinks. That said, the atmosphere is quite casual and quaint. The decor is comfortable, not ostentatious or opulent, and the entire restaurant is one room that probably seats up to 40 people.
The servers are professionals, clearly, but they are respectful and polite. The chef actually comes through fairly often and asks patrons how they liked their meal. Very personal touch, very pleasing.
This is all before you taste the food. From start to finish, the food was absolutely delicious--cooked perfectly. It was flavorful, and the portions were just right.
One reviewer called this a "tucked away gem," and that's just what it is. Because it's small, though, I recommend reservations at a slightly earlier or slightly later dinner time. This way this place is likely to be quieter.
I would not take children here, though, and I would not recommend it to vegetarians. I would also not recommend it to people who prefer to dine in elegance. It is better described as comfortable and quaint, but the food is unbeatable in this city.Chefy but not snoby. Loved the 'feed me' 3 4 or 5 course option.  We went with the 4 course meal which included frog legs that knocked me outta this world.Cute little place, pretty good food.  We tried the "feed me", same as every other person there.  I suspect this place is a victim of its own success.  The chef was out in the dining room the whole time, explaining the dishes, warning the later arrivals the same lines "you are at my mercy with the feed me option".  It felt worn out.  Food was inventive, but a little bland (for my palate at least).  The pesto shrimp with cheese grits was pretty uneventful.  the quail with the jalapeno hollandaise sauce was very good.  the braised rabbit was also pretty good- I think I was disappointed we didn't get the braised short ribs or crab beignets!  Kinda neat though ...Let us start off with Fred - he was awesome.  Knew everything about the wine and the food and gave great recommendations.  
Food also did not disappoint.  Started with bbq shrimp and another special - both were excellent, though the highlight was the sauce of the bbq shrimp (they must know about its amazingness, as they kept bringing out more bread for us to dip into it).  Next was drum and the seafood concoction.  The drum was very tasty, with lots of sauce but not too (too) heavy.  The other dish had tons of sausage and seafood, and the sauce was almost as good as the bbq shrimp gold standard.
A little pricey, but worth it indeed.One of the best meals we have ever had. Get the feed me if you are adventurous, and let the chef do his magic.Staff is friendly. Small little restaurant. Ordered the half chicken. It was ok kind of dry and not much chicken juice left on the plate to moisten things up. They give you a small amount of mashed potatoes ( about a small spoonful) but they were good. Ordered a few drinks the local beer was good. However, the vodka drinks I ordered seemed watered down. A friend said the same thing. The chocolate cake was very rich and I felt like wasn't worth the ten bucks. Went here for a reception dinner but wouldn't pay to go here on my own. Isn't worth the money.We ate here with friends Sunday 10/16. Hubby & i have walked past this place for years, but this time we decided to read the posted menu. The chef & two servers were sitting on the bench outside the door at 6:30 PM. Hours stated opening at 6 PM. We were asked if we had reservations, which we did not have. Chef said to seat us anyway. Server wasn't too thrilled to say the least. However, we must have done something right because over the course of our dinner, he became our best friend.
Maybe it was because we were interested in the food and that we could pronounce 'boudin' & 'couvillion' correctly? Maybe because we chose a good wine that would compliment all of our disparate orders? Whatever the reason, we had a wonderful dining experience. We were the only walk-ins to be seated.
I cannot remember exactly what everyone ordered, but it was all exceptional. My husband did have the escolar which was perfectly cooked and finished with a divine sauce which had tasso in it. I started with a Caesar salad with lump crab meat and could have been satisfied with just that but I did order an entree which was wonderful even though i do not remember what I had! Although I do remember it had a meuniere sauce!
One of our party had the asparagus salad as a starter and then another salad as an entree. The boudin balls were an appetizer shared by all and were exceptional.
The chef visited our table to ask if we were satisfied with our meals. Absolutely! We shared a fantastic bread pudding that was light yet rich. I wished I had one all to myself.
I would definitely go back again.  I think I would like to try the 'feed me' option some time.In New Orleans, you usually think either high end or cheap eats.  It's nice to find an alternative in the French Quarter that can make you think twice about Southern Cooking with flair.  Louisiana Bistro is located on Dauphine within easy walking distance from Canal (3 blocks or so) and one block north of Bourbon Street.  If you go for dinner, you should get the "Feed Me" menu option which allows the chef to determine what you'll be having for each course of your meal (except for dessert which is separate).  We had an amazing three course meal this evening starting with Crawfish Beignets (on a lemon beurre blanc with a cayenne drizzle), Pan Fried Gulf Trout on a bed of Bacon-sauteed Greens (the best dish of the night!), and a Pork Loin stuffed with Boudin and Andouille Sausage over a helping of Bourbon Mashed Sweet Potatoes.  Overall it was an amazing meal made better by excellent service and good company.  It's nice to find a new gem in New Orleans.  Go to be delighted!This place is cute!  Its a small place with two tables by the windows... totally reminds me of Paris!  Anyways, my boyfriend and I had the bbq shrimp and the crab cake as appetizers and they were phenomenal!!  I'm not used, the intense spice in their sauces and cooking, but it was definitely wonderful!  We both had the surf and turf, which was a little weird for me... I love the filet mignon and the sauce it came with, but I wasn't a huge fan of the mini shrimp (or crawfish, whatever it is)!  Not that it tasted all that bad, but I honestly dont care to pick at tiny seafood like a whale eating plankton!  Dessert was rich, my boyfriend had the chocolate tart, but it was topped off with the freshest berries! mmm!  I definitely suggest this place.
P.S. A glass of wine + 2 appetizers + 2 surf and turfs = $105 (not including tip)Creole gastronomic Nirvana!
This is exactly the unique and outstanding food we came to New Orleans to enjoy! Forget all of the big name places, this little slice of heaven is just superb.
If you select the "Feed Me" option, you have a conversation with the chef and he prepares something off the menu and completely unique just for you. Sorry Emeril, sorry Paul, sorry John .. you just can't compete with that and neither can your food. I've tried it all.This was easily our best dining experience ever, and we are very hard to please, having owned our own restaurant where we did everything from scratch with the best possible ingredients.  The experience was better than anything we have had in Vegas as well.
Seeing some less than stellar reviews below, let me tell you what this place is not so that your expectations are realistic.  It is not a Ruth's Chris or Mortons.  There are no crumbers used between courses.  The silverware is inexpensive and you will not get a fresh set for each course.  The service is attentive but not "proper."  It is much more a friendly style.
This place is about the food.  Which is what we want and like -- great food.  We did the 5 course Feed Me.  We met the chef and explained our Paleo/Primal diet.  No problems there.  Garlic in any significant quantity gives me indigestion, and the chef explained that the vast majority of his sauces had garlic in them, but if a little bit didn't bother me, he would choose some with small amounts,  That went fine.
Understand that each of the courses are essentially entrees.  It is not appetizer, soup, salad, entrée, dessert.
We had a shrimp with crabmeat creation with what I would describe as the NOLA barbecue type sauce, but better.  Then we had luscious oysters wrapped in bacon and leeks.  3rd was superbly delicious and tender pan seared duck over mashed sweet potatoes, 4th was blackened grouper with gulf shrimp and a delicious sauce, and the 5th was a perfectly medium rare melt in your mouth filet mignon with béarnaise and asparagus.
All were incredibly delicious, hot, and flavorful.
We each had a glass of wine and the bill was $177 with tax.  I was stuffed and my wife could not finish all of hers.  I find this very reasonable for the quality.  We have paid much more for far less.Easy to overlook but not to be missed!!!! After eating here several times I have never been disappointed. The 'feed me' option of several courses of the chefs recommendations is amazing. The selection we had was a mix of phenomenal flavors and a showcase of a very talented chef and team. Highly recommend making the effort to find this location and sample the delights.Great little place with nice ambience. Had the crab pocket, crusted duck, and cheese cake ice cream. Amazing and the duck was perfectly cooked! Staff was very personable and made us feel welcomed.  Highly recommended!Best restaurant in New Orleans and the best service. Food was delicious and even though we came late, the kitchen was open and we  also were the last people in the restaurant, me and my boyfriend didn't feel rushed to leave. Thank you from New York :)A great little restaurant across from Prince Conti Hotel. The best gumbo I ate while in New Orleans. We did the Chef's Feed Me. It was a lot of fun getting specialty entrees created just for us. You can dress casual and enjoy the quieter slower pace of fine dining. It is a relaxing experience.I don't get it. The crab cake was deep fried and flavorless. The slices of lamb loin were covered in a bbq sauce--the natural flavor of the lamb could not be tasted.Was just ok.  We just walked because we were hungry and this place is next door to the hotel we were staying in.  The waiter gave us a line "Do you have reservations?".  There were 10 tables empty of their 12 tables, so I said "No, but doesn't look like we need one".. he sort of mumbled that he would see what he could do. We laughed. Nice try.  That little story should sum of the quality of the food, and the wine list. The wine list is overpriced and a very small selection. The food was ok, but not great. Nice try, but I won't be back.We came as a group of six, and had previously called to ask if they could accommodate a vegan. Upon our arrival, we informed them that we also had two vegetarians in addition to the vegan, and the chef, very understandably, said that he wished he had known that in advance. Once he left our table, he made several trips out to each of the other tables to explain each dish to his patrons, EXCEPT ours . He ignored us completely, gave us dirty looks, and acted so rudely that all six of us left the restaurant saying we would never go back again, despite the place actually having good food! Given that this chef is also the owner, he needs to understand that his behavior is a reflection of his business. I completely understand that unexpected requests can be very frustrating for a chef, but his job is to remain professional since we are customers willing to pay money for his service! Sad.We came here after reading so many outstanding reviews.  The service was spotty, at best.  The waiter kept apologizing but it never got any better.  He said he was frazzled because a big party was coming/just been sat.  This restaurant has 11 tables so it should not be that difficult.  We ordered the crawfish beignets.   They were rubbery and unedible.  We immediately sent them back.  We got a weak apology from our waiter.  I ordered the smothered chicken.  It consisted of a large bowl of chicken gravy with a small spoonful of rice and a burnt chicken leg.  Disguisting.  My husband had the pork chop which he said was edible but not great and not worth the price.  I complained about my dish after eating very little of it.  The waiter apologized stating it was usually much better but no offer to take meal off of ticket, bring me something different, or offer of complimentary dessert.  Waiter would not make eye contact or speak to us when bringing ticket or running our card.  Don't go...it was terrible.  Wished we would have gone to one of the many other restaurants we had considered first.This place was SO good I can't even begin. We were trying to escape the heat and craziness of Bourbon Street so we looked for a place on a side street and found Louisiana Bistro. It's tiny, probably 8 tables or so and it seems like you'd probably need a reservation. We got lucky though and the waiter sat us immediately. We ordered gumbo and a crab cake for the appetizer which were both amazing. For the entree I ordered the crawfish surf and turf which was cooked perfectly and practically melted in my mouth. He ordered frog legs which were originally an appetizer but the chef turned it into an entree at our request. Those frog legs blew my mind, the batter the legs are fried in is like heaven. We had coffee and cream cheese ice cream for dessert. 
I literally floated out of there on a cloud, professing my love of the restaurant to anyone within hearing distance. Seriously one of the best dining experiences of my life!This place is THE BEST.  I am an ultra-foodie and this place was amazing.  The "feed me" is the only way to go.  My husband told the chef he does not eat seafood and, in spite of the fact that seafood is a mainstay in every restauant in NOLA, Chef Eric managed to pull off an amazing themed meal... three courses of "Things People Say Taste Like Chicken, But Don't" (panko breaded frog legs, alligator tenderloin wrapped around asparagus, and quail with greens - the sauces with all three were tremendous) and then when he ran out of things fitting the theme, we were treated to an AMAZING buffalo short rib entree with cheddar grits that was to die for.  
Bread pudding is something I have never liked, here, I loved it.  And the Creole Cream Cheese ice cream... well, I may not have known what it was before we got there, but I have been looking for it ever since!  
We go to New Orleans a couple of times a year and going forward, there will never be a trip that doesn't include a visit to this restaurant.Probably my favorite meal during our trip to new Orleans. I highly recommend doing te "feed me" and let Chef Mars surprise you for 3,4 or 5 courses. We opted for 4 and it was the perfect amount. I really liked how for each course, chef mars came to our table and explained a little about what we were about to eat.
The first course was crawfish beignets. A savory take on the classic Nola dessert. These were delicious. 
Te second course was a meleton topped with lue crab meat. This dish had plenty of crab meat (yum) and introduced me to the meleton, a melon like vegetable normally found in south america.
Our third course was a escolar filet cooked perfectly. It also came with a delicious sauce that contained bits of Tasso ham. 
The last course was our only non seafood course, 12 hour braised buffalo short Rib with a sweet and spicy BBQ sauce. The flavor and texture of the buffalo was perfect. These also came wry garlic mash, but we were pretty stuffed to get to that. 
This place is a splurge, but definitely worth a visit on any Nola trip.After reading all of the glowing Yelps I was looking forward to dining at the Louisiana Bistro. Although I didn't find it to be quite at the 5-star level I wasn't disappointed - it's a solid 4 star restaurant. 
Friend and I had the four course "feed me" dinner - essentially a tasting menu. It's offered as a three, four, or five course meal that does not include dessert. Basically it's a series of small plates. Nothing at all wrong with that. Here's a breakdown of the courses: 
1. Crawfish Bignets with a Cayenne glaze and lemon butter sauce. Excellent! Little balls of deep fried goodness. The slight heat of the glaze was paired perfectly with the creaminess and slight sweetness of the butter sauce. Unearthly fantastic. 
2. Grilled gulf swordfish over a tomato salad with jalapeno hollandase. Yeah, it was as good as it sounds. The fish was perfect - simply perfect. Probably the best of the four courses. 
3. Alligator soup. This one wasn't quite on the level of the other courses but good none the less. It tasted like traditional New Orleans turtle soup - heavy roux based, a little smokey, good spice. In fact if I wasn't told that it was alligator soup I would have guessed turtle. It really tastes the same. As I said very good but not exceptional. 
4. 12 hour braised buffalo short rib (I posted a pic of this one). A perfectly braised short rib is a thing of true beauty and this one qualifies as such. The sauce was described by the chef (with the "feed me" options he visits the table and describes each course) as mixture of traditional southern sweet tomato based barbecue and Caroline mustard and vinegar based sauces. It also stated that it didn't come out exactly as he planned but he was still quite pleased with the flavor. I have to agree! The buffalo rib was served on bed of very good garlic mashed potatoes. Another excellent dish. 
Being very full at this point we decided to pass on dessert. 
As far as the restaurant, it is rater small but that's a good thing. The decor is minimalistic but it does retain the French Quarter charm. You never forget that you are in New Orleans. It's very nice without being formal. 
The only disappointment of the night was the limited and somewhat generic wine list. But I did find a pretty good rioja that paired nicely with the rich, spicy foods. 
Also, service was a bit slow at first but improved as the night progressed. 
Bottom line - this isn't quite a 5-star establishment but it with just a few little twicks (improve the wine list and work just a bit with the waitstaff) it could be.This place had an intimate atmosphere and very good service.  I even saw the chef come out to talk to some of the customers who ordered the special chefs creation.  Our server was comical and very attentive.  I had the Seafood Creole (large portion), which I surprisingly did not finish.  They packed it in a to go box and bagged it with a napkin and utensils for me.  Great hole in the wall date place, or a group of friends to just take over the place like we did.  The place is cozy, but they do accommodate groups, just be sure to make a reservation.The food is the star here, but as you can probably tell from the other reviews, the chef is pretty opinionated and the menu is limited. The service is hit-or-miss (it seemed to go downhill after our first course). You will either love it or hate it here. There are a lot of great restaurants in New Orleans, so if you are only visiting for a few days you might want to spend some time reading many more reviews before you decide on LB.We had a lovely meal, great service, nice chat with the chef.  The boudin balls were perfect - hot, crunchy outside, very tasty.  The fried green tomatoes were hot and delicious, but completely covered in a not-very-spicy sauce.  Not my favorite.  Our dinners were both delicious.  I thought that the wine list could use a bit of an upgrade, but the prices were fair.  I would definitely go back - I like the little places with charm and a bit of a personal touch.We happened on this lovely, understated place and were called in by the "Feed Me" menu. We had 3 courses - all chosen by the chef, and prepared and delivered with an elegant flourish. First course was fried green tomato topped with crab remoulade, followed by sliced pork tenderloin with sweet potato mash and flavorful greens. Last course was friend quail on a bed of corn in Tasso cream sauce. The server was attentive but not intrusive. Its truly a little gem.I picked the Louisiana Bistro because of the Feed Me Option - the chef comes out to meet you, asks you a couple of questions, and then goes back into the kitchen to prepare your meal. This sounded way too cool.
The chef came out to meet us and won us over right there and then. He looked a lot like our Brother-in-law (who we adore) who also happens to be called Eric.
We chose the 4 Course meal ($49 pp.) since we went hungry. Since we were so hungry, however, we went through a basket of the wonderful soft and warm bread in 5 minutes. This ended up taking some critical stomach space.
All 4 courses were perfectly cooked, well thought out and showed the chef's culinary training. All the ingredients on every dish complemented each other perfectly. The chef came out with every course and explained the dish. It was just a very fulfilling experience for a foodie like me.
Tips: Go hungry, skip the bread, and get the Feed Me 4 course meal. We made no requests. If possible, let the chef do his thing. 
Expect a quaint, charming restaurant. No flash whatsoever.
Thank You Chef!So... it seems as though I'm the odd man out here, wrecking the 5 star streak.  Louisiana Bistro is a tucked away gem; a quite and intimate space to the hardcore action packed Bourbon St- one block away.  That much is true; but both my food and experience doesn't compare to allegedly what previous Yelpers say.  Maybe I didn't order the right stuff.. I don't know. I did my through research beforehand... 
Before I dig in, I should note that I dined alone.  Yes, I dined alone.  Everyone there thought I was crazy too.  I took picture of the food (which I'll upload later at some point) as to pass of as perhaps being a food journalist (I wish!) but nope, I was solo.  My sister- travel companion had a work dinner, so why would I spend my a precious night in this foodie town eating somewhere shitty?  I gritted my teeth, tossed my pride and ate at this little romantic spot alone.   The old man waiter certainly gave me the crazy eye, and for that  think my experience suffered.  I can most definitely say that I could not get the "feed me" option- there was no table for 1 option.  Normally I don't recommend dining alone but if you have to do for business or the like, do it a place with a bar that has a TV in front and where people won't make you feel like you have three eyes. 
Anyway, I made the best of it- trying to concentrate on the food which was just ok.  I asked about the crawfish beignets but couldn't get them as it was part of the "feed me" option.  (which to explain is literally that- you tell the chef to feed you and he brings out a bunch of options).  I would have gotten that to taste the beignets but the old man waiter wouldn't let me.  He wouldn't let me get the beignets either even though I saw them being easily whipped up to the tables around me-- they were sooo inflexible.  Big boo. 
So I started with the blue crab gumbo. Gumbo should never be with a meat as spiceless as crab but that was what they had.  Very dark in color which made it a bit unappealing and the gumbo was watery in comparison to what i've had.  I didn't think much of this and there wasn't a whole lot of crab meat... the rice was very WHITE also (like so bright I had to wear shades haha)... it just looked weird.  Pics to come- really.  Hold me accountable for that.
Anyway, for the main I had the special which was amberjack over red rice and beans. This I liked very much-- the amberjack wasn't too overdone, and had a nice crisp around it.  I was fearing that this would be bad with mushy beans but the combo worked out well.  The Amberjack had a meaty texture so accompanied the beans just fine.  The dish was just..brown. HAHA, I apparently aren't digging the color or presentation at this Bistro. 
To kill time, I did have a dessert.  The flourless chocolate cake was recommended to me but I didn't feel like having something that rich, so I went with the cream cheese ice cream. 20/20 is always in hindsight and this was so nasty.  I mean listen to what it is...cream cheese ice cream.  I must have been smoking something but I can't imagine how I found that appealing.  Its attempt for salvage was the strawberries and chocolate sauce over it - but these simple add ons did nothing to cut the legit pure CHEESY flavor. YUCKY.
For a 3 course, I ended up paying about $60 or so- which terribly bad for a 3 course considering I'm from NYC.  But really, Louisiana Bistro did not live up to my expectations as I couldn't eat most of what I read about :(.  I wouldn't say skip it but let it be the last place you go.How has this place been reviewed only once? It was fabulous.
A friend recommended it, so A and I went to check it out on Halloween evening. We walked in to a nearly empty restaurant. Seems the rest of the city was out drinking and struttin their stuff in costumes. 
No matter, it meant there was no wait for us! We took the table in the front window so we could still check out the crazy costumes passing by.
The decor was a bit plain. In retrospect, the space should be upgraded to match the quality of the food. Had I not been specifically told to check it out, I would have walked by it and been unimpressed.
But thankfully we stayed. And we ordered the 4 course "feed me" (tasting menu). What a treat! Our first course was a crawfish beignet. Crispy fried goodness and unexpectedly savory. I was hooked. Second dish was a squash that looked just like a pear, topped with shellfish and bacon. I have never seen a squash like that before but it was really tasty and had a pleasing texture similar to pear as well. Next came quail. Such a delicious and tiny bird!The last was a pork dish served with cheesy grits. 
I really enjoyed it all. And the presentation was elegant. The chef came out as each dish was served to introduce it to us. I loved that. We topped our dinner off with creme brulee and walked back to our hotel, with happy (and very full!) bellies. 
I am so glad I experienced this place. I would definitely go back. It may not be on the famous restaurant lists, but that just means you'll get a table without a long wait!This was a great restaurant, do the "feed me" the chef was great and his choices superb! It's tiny so get here early.I knew I should've tried the Feed Me, but my mom was not hungry at all and we were not allowed to share a 3-course. Therefore I ordered one starter and one entree. No drinks, nothing. Of course this made our waiter very unhappy (I know I know, we are two asian women who eat so little on a late sunday night, you have absolutely no reason to like us). 
Pork Grillades and Grits, our starter, was interesting, the grits was fried. Nothing terrific.
Then came the entree, a shrimp-jambalaya-like dish. omg, tastes exactly like the starter. They probably just substitute the pork for shrimp and fish. Very disappointing. 
Oh right, the Flourless Chocolate Tarte. Too sweet.
You know what's funny? Even my mom, a woman who doesn't speak any English, could sense the waiter's hostility. She sort of gave him a look (bad move). When he handed me the bill, he looked at my mom and said: "I hope you feel better ma'am."
I hope so too.After finding the great reviews on Yelp I steered our JazzFest group of four to the Bistro around 8:30pm on a Saturday night. We were seated by 9:00pm, and walked out totally satisfied at 11:45pm. We all chose the Feed Me option and were glad we did. Chef Mars and his staff made us feel at home and we never felt rushed. Our server, Justin, assisted our table with wine pairings for each course. Our dinner consisted of four excellent dishes: crawfish beignets, alligator file gumbo, grilled mahi mahi and roasted quail jambalaya. I also opted for the white chocolate bread pudding and was glad I did. I have no idea what the meal cost thanks to my friend, Geoff, who treated me. This was the best dinner experience I've ever had in NOLA, and plan to return.After doing some research for our trip to New Orleans and reading the reviews here on Yelp, I knew we had to eat here. 
Of course we had to order the "Feed Me" special. It was amazing. It is the kind of experience that I have always wanted, a chef that knows what they are doing and is inventive and creative. You can have 3, 4 or 5 courses. Just a note, everyone at the table needs to participate. That is the rule and I can understand why they need to enforce it. 
We ordered the 4 courses, and asked the chef to pair wines for us. First course was crawfish beignets in a lemon beurre blanc, second was whole shrimp with a pecan pesto over cheddar grits, third was peppered quail over greens cooked with bacon, with a pot liquor sauce, fourth was a braised buffalo short rib, cooked for 12 hours with an incredible bbq sauce. I cannot pick a favorite dish, they were all unique and delicious.  My husband and I both appreciated the fact that it wasn't a dress-up, stuffy kind of place. You are able to relax and just enjoy the wonderful food. 
The service was friendly and efficient, and we felt very welcomed. 
A special note to the woman who threw a loud fit because her quail had some bones. You embarrassed yourself and acted like a child. If this were my place I would have asked you to leave, but the chef and the server handled you with great aplomb and patience.This place may be our favorite from a recent visit to New Orleans.  The "feed me" tasting menu is wonderful - and fun as the chef comes out to introduce each dish.  Inventive, innovative, and at the same time clear of purpose is how I'd describe the menu.  You won't find food like this anywhere else (how about chicken fried filet mignon - amazing) and yet you won't be scratching your head, either.  Totally recommend if you are a metro area foodie looking for a unique experience.Tiny little place. Dauphine is one block of Burbon street but so much quieter. It has only 12 tables so reservations are recommended. We got lucky. We ordered the "feed me" menu. Chef comes out and tries to see what you like/don't like and goes from there. I really enjoyed the expereince. I loved 2 of the 3 courses and the middle was good but not over the top great. It was a peaceful little haven just off the chaos of Burbon St and I highly recommend.
The feed me as offered as for the whole table so we both had to enjoy it together. That may be a limitation for some, but it worked for me.Great food. Very hospitable service and great location near French Quarter. Not the most ambiance but the food (especially the steak and cream cheese ice cream) were incredible.with this restaurant, i can either be brief, or write for about an hour. my wife and i have eaten  hundreds of meals in New Orleans, having once lived there. and simply put our last meal there was as good as ANY i have ever had.
We were greeted when we walked in like we had eaten there dozens of times before, and when we left we felt like family. the food, superb. the service, attentive, not intrusvie, and as friendly as any rewstuarnat in the south. 
It is likely on our next trip to NOLA that this is the only place we would eat.I just got back from New Orleans and I felt compelled to write a review about Louisiana Bistro.  Upon a recommendation from our hotel and reading rave reviews online my wife and I decided to give it a try.  
My wife and I got the "feed me" option which is an awesome concept.  We got three courses and one course was memorable, the other two were just average.  Unfortunately the meal here would make me remember it one way or another.  I was awoken by my wife complaining of an upset stomach in the middle of the night.  I quickly dismissed it as too many drinks that night, until i was awoken a short time later with the same upset stomach.  Needless to say we spent the next few hours trading places in the bathroom.  
The only reason I did not give this place one star is I cannot out of fairness say with 100 percent certainty this place made us ill,, but i am about 95% sure it wasThis place is great - had dinner with a couple of Belgian foodies and they were amazed at the quality of food and the service.  Their wine list is really good and incredibly low priced.  Suggest the Puppy Drum and we had dinner there twice and not a looser on the menu.  
In Europe the wait staff never ever stats clearing the table until everyone is finished and the wait staff here did have to be told!  This restaurant is open Wednesday thru Sunday night and these people are in this business because they enjoy what they do and it SHOWS!
It is just down the street from the Holiday Inn Chateau LeMoyne - not your typical HI - totally renovated with large rooms and an efficient staff.When we arrived they were short on menus, so we only got one to share. They put a plate of butter down but the bread didn't arrive for 15 minutes. There seemed to be a severe shortage of waiters so it took a while to order.  We just sat there with one menu and butter. The entrées looked pretty uninspired standard cuts of meat you could find anywhere so we ordered every appetizer. The fried green tomatoes were greasy,  cooked in oil that was not hot enough. The gumbo was watery, the beggars purse tasted off (maybe nobody orders that one). The bbq shrimp and quail were ok if nothing special. The wine list was pretty mediocre but healthily marked up. We didn't feel like forking over any more money after our $120 bill,  but we did get to have a laugh at the after dinner drinks.  Among the offerings were glasses of bailey's,  or perhaps a glass of amaretto? As we left a tinkle of broken glass sounded out as the smell of something burning wafted from the kitchen.First time in New Orleans and looking for a place to eat. Guy on the street suggests the Louisiana Bistro for good local cuisine. From the outside, the place isn't music to look at and it's incredibly small inside. Well, you know the saying of "great things come in small packages?" Yeah they were talking about this place. From the moment I stepped in, I was treated like a king. The host/server was exceptionally polite and the executive chef was very talented. 
Let's start with the ambiance. Low light, candles, and not very noisy. The most noise I heard was from the kitchen as the place is far enough from Bourbon Street to avoid the noise and smell of puke but close enough to bump into if you're exploring. 
The place has a full bar and a small, but good wine list. Nothing to complain about with the drinks (and the cup of coffee I had was good as well)...
As far as food goes, the Gumbo is to die for. Very authentic tasting and loaded with crawfish. I decided to go with the FEED ME and was presented with a great menu for dinner. From the moment the chef asked if I was afraid of any foods, I knew I was in for a treat. Courses were as follows:
1 - Crawfish beignets with a lemon beurre blanc and cayenne pepper glaze. (4/5)
2 - Black pepper roasted quail with bourbon mashed sweet potatoes. (5/5)
3 - Chicken fried filet mignon on a bed of blue crab jambalaya topped with red eye gravy. (5/5)
The food was incredible and varied. The quail was good but small (as a quail is not a big bird). The beignets were flavorful and were a great mixture of sweet and spicy. The star of the show was the filet mignon. The red eye gravy was strong and added a nice bitter component to the complex flavors of the jambalaya and chicken fried filet. Bravo. 
Overall, the Louisiana Bistro is a great place to eat. It is expensive but worth the money all the way. I will be back!Very good steak, staff friendly, easy to get into on a Saturday night.  The steak we had was amazing.  Chef is second to none!   You have to visit this NO gem!So... I've been here twice now. (First time was about 4.5 years ago.)
And I've yet to have the regular menu. LOL!
We get the "Feed Me" menu where the chef comes out and talks to you and you tell him what you like/ don't like and what you are allergic to.  Then he starts creating.
We also asked him for wine recommendations to pair our food.  So, he did that too.  :)
I remembered to take pictures of all but one dish.  I was too excited that I dug in before realizing I hadn't taken a pic.  Oh well....
1st Course: Flash fried oysters .... the breading was light and crispy. The oysters were plump and juicy.  We each received 6.  I could easily just gorge myself on these along with the Tichon the chef made us.  (Tichon was a sparkling drink ... bubbly wine with a squeeze of fresh lime. This is a dangerous drink that I would love to drink on a hot day by the pool.)
2nd Course: Duck breast on a bed of mashed sweet potatoes with roasted figs with a balsamic Jack Daniels reduction sauce. The duck was fork tender... no knife needed.... and SO GOOD.  I was hesitant about the figs but the figs and duck were marvelous together.  The earthiness of the duck plus the fruity-ness of the figs really work. (We didn't do a wine pairing with this course... but I think a Pinot Noir would have been perfect. We were too busy eating to notice that we didn't have a wine pairing.)
3rd Course: Grilled red fish topped with roasted sliced almonds and lump crab with a side of asparagus.  Prepared perfectly.  The crab added a different dimension to the fish... the fish really could have stood alone but with the topping of crab made it something special. (Chef paired it with a different bubbly wine... strangely enough... it really worked.  I wouldn't have picked it but I'm really glad Chef did. Yum!)
4th Course: Crème Brulee.... we ordered this off the regular menu as we had only ordered the 3-course Feed Me.  It had a hint of orange to it... it was good... but it was more like pudding in my opinion.  (Note... I am quite picky about this dish.  Best I ever had was in Paris, France this past November... and before that I consider Orange Hill Restaurant in Orange, CA to be #2.)
Service was very nice. The 2 gentlemen running the dining room didn't rush us and allowed us to enjoy a leisurely 2-hour dinner.  Note... if you are looking for fast, in-out service... this isn't the place.  Come here to sit, dine, savor and enjoy.
The Chef comes out to talk to his patrons and when you get the Feed Me... he introduces each course and explains it.  
This place is quaint and intimate but we saw a couple small groups of 5 really enjoying themselves.  We also noticed that a number of people were regulars as they were greeted by name.  
Our bill for our 3 course Feed Me plus 2 rounds of drinks plus dessert was $180 including tax and  tip.Quiet, pleasant little place with very good food. My wife and I decided to have the "Feed Me" fixed price 3 course dinner for $50 per person. Included were three small savory "entree" type plates that are made at the chef's whim, different every night, we're told and sometimes different for each table. 
Before dinner the chef visits the table to inquire of whether there are allergies of any sort (cashews for me, eggplant for my wife) and whether there are any extreme dislikes (none).
This evening, our courses included:
First: fried green tomato topped with a crab remoulade. Tasty!
Second: blackened scalllops on a hollandaise sauce. Wonderful! Melt in the mouth delicious. 
Final: filet mignon to order with French fried asparagus atop mashed potato with a balsamic reduction. Steak done to perfection and the tenderest cut of beef I've ever eaten!the food was delicious and the staff was especially attentive! had a great time and definitely recommend.Upon recommendation, my husband and I chose to dine here.  Excited we went for the "feed me" option.  The chef asks if you have anything you are allergic to or "afraid of". We told him at reptiles were not in our lexicon.  So the chef very curtly informs us that the "feed me " option is not for us.   Why is this the case if you are allegedly customizing and preparing the dish on the spot?  Or is it really just a marketing ploy?  Oddly, our new friends at the next table were "allowed" to have the "feed me experience. And there was nary a reptile to be found.  I should have looked here because it appears that chef is a bit bipolar or just an incredibly bad businessman.  My guess is that people will eventually tire of his creative disposition and move on.  Oh. And against my better instincts we stayed for a meal that can only be described as somewhat edible.  
Boo hissHad a wonderful meal at Louisiana Bistro, but am only giving four stars as we wanted to do the feed me option. The waiter asked if there were any food allergies. We told him that there was a crayfish allergy and a dairy allergy. He said that would "shut us down" and that the chef wouldn't be able to do anything for us. He did not ask the chef and the chef did not come out to see us. Very disappointing. However, the food we ordered off of the menu was fantastic.Really some of the best food I've eaten. And I am a piggy who eats out a lot. But this place takes Louisiana cooking to new savory stratospheric heights. 
When we arrived last Friday, I could tell from the looks of the place we were in for a authentic NOLA style dinner. The dining room is small, rather spartan; it has more 50s diner appeal then modern culinary masterworks, but BIG DEAL. Every now and then you JUST WANT SOME GOOD FOOD. And this is the place to get it.
The menu is small but thoughtfully put together. We had a table of 4 so I was able to try the following:
BBQ Shrimp. HOT DAMN . That brown BBQ the rather large shrimp come in as just about liquid heaven. Spicy, savory, thick, complex, bread-dabbingly delicious. The shrimp come head on if that's your thing.
Gumbo. Always a good bet. I said I wanted it spicy, and the chef took time out of the middle of dinner service to come up front and ask me "on a scale of 10, where 10 is gastrointestinal trauma inducing, where are you"
I replied a 9.  It came out and was really good. But honestly, about a 5 on the spiciness (bear in mind, I am latin and have NO fear of anything spicy, so do not try this at home). The Chef AGAIN came out to ask if it was spicy enough (tempting fate, I said it was a 2).  He nodded appreciatively and used his new Marco-centric spice guide to prepare my entree....
The Junk Shot Jambalaya. Hooo daddy. THIS IS it. The menu decribes it as an ever-changing mix of louisiana fish and shellfish with andouille sausage in a cajun style tomato rice pilaf.  What it doesnt describe it as (yet should) is just about the most delicious thing you will ever eat. The chef MASTERED the spiciness this time, so it was spicy enough to force you to open your mouth and go "hot hot hot" with each bite, but not spicy enough to take away the flavor or enjoyment. It just so intense, complex, mouth watering good.
I also had bites of the "top hat" surf and turf, which was a miraculously blackened filet served under a crawfish tail scampi. HOT DAMN. I could eat there every day and be happy as a craw daddy in a pot of gold.What a find!!  We all went with our waiter's (Justin -- he's great!) recommendation, the special of the day.  It was a filet with shrimp.  So, so good.
Next time I'm in NOLA, I'll go again -- that good.Feed me! Frog legs and rabbit that tasted like jerk chicken were particularly memorable. For a memorable experience where the chef himself serves you your plates, go. Now.We had dinner here last night.  It's a small, intimate restaurant perfect for romantic dinners - a real contrast to the loud, hustle and bustle of Bourbon Street.  We couldn't decide on what to eat, so we ordered the 3-course "Feed Me" dinner and let the chef decide for us.  A few minutes later, Chef Wells came out and asked us whether we had any allergies or dislikes.  We told him to let loose and surprise us and we were not disappointed. Dinner was absolutely AMAZING!!!  Not sure when we will return to NOLA, but we will make sure to stop in here again when we do.  I highly recommend this experience.Wine was flat and lamb was below par!
Boudin balls though were good.  No wait on a busy memorial day weekend also may say something for a small outfit!