The best pizza in NOLA!!  Nice place to go if you are in the NOLA area and you love pizza..LOVE the staff and LOVE the food. every time I have my monthly dinner there with my boyfriend it is always a pleasure to eat here!!crust and variety of pizza options are decent. the caesar salad dressing is vinaigrette-based. decent beer selection. pizza pies are kind of small for the price.Omg! This place is amazing! You have to try their four cheese pizza! It's the best pizza I've ever had, and I've had pizza in Texas,Florida and New York. I usually go for plain cheese and I might add some jalepenos if I'm feeling jazzy but F*ck the four cheese was good! And the chocolate cake! Yaaaasss!!!Wheat Crusted Pizza cooked in a wood fired oven on the edge of the French Quarter. It doesn't get any better. If you are not satisfied with your pie, send it back, they will fix it and make it right. Only twice have I had to return my pie in 7 years of dining here. There are many other items that are top shelf on the menu. I have tried almost all of them. The service is extremely attentive to your needs. Dine in or out and the wine selection and pour are terrific.I dine out 4 -5 times a week in our city and this place is at the top of my regular rotation. We locals love it.This is one of my favorite places to visit when I come to NOLA. But,  today,  the service was terrible.  We came in and it wasn't busy.  We were quickly seated right by the server area. Then we were forgotten about. Once again,  it wasn't busy. There were at least 6 empty tables. We sat there for 15 to 20 minutes and were never checked on for drink orders. Did I say that they weren't busy......  Just terrible service.  So,  we left. 
Very big disappointment.Everything is amazing yummy!!! Fantastic service! Great decor! Love it! (Bathroom is a little gross but not enough to take off a full star.)Definitely will be returning on our next trip to New Orleans! Had a caesar salad to start out with and it was really good. Croutons were awesome. We got an appetizer of pocket bread and it was ehhh OK. We tried dipping it in marinara but that was not a good combination and it was really dry. We split the roasted garlic pizza and you could tell every ingredient was very fresh. I wouldn't get to close to people after eating the pizza because they were not shy with the garlic.  To top it off, we ended with the creme brulee and it was delicious! It had a weird smoky taste to the top but it was a great end to a great meal.Awesome spot across from  market street for great pizza. Crawdad pizza, check, eggplant pizza, check, pepperoni pizza, check, etouffe, check. CRAB PUFF APPS AWESOME! Awesome pasta dishes, check. Hughmungo rediculous desserts, check. Is everything fresh? Yup! The view is of Market street and their is great art everywhere. Great stop for everybody and east on the pocket book.This was unexpectedly wonderful pizza. The appetizer bread was cooked to perfection and served with a heavenly marinara sauce. The ambience is inviting and there were plenty of seats at 5pm. You could tell they were going to fill up later since 4 of the 16 tables were reserved for later tonight. We ordered the Margherita Pizza with extra tomatoes and it was amazingGood pizza, service and wine lost. Highly reccomend the garlic bread, suggest leaving out the creme brûlée.UPDATE: I just ate here today and ordered the Wild Mushroom Linguine Pasta... FIVE STARS!!! It was delicious. Don't bother getting garlic bread though - it's not very good. Try this pasta. You won't regret it!
I can't ever get enough pasta or pizza. They have awesome fried Calamari too, by the way. The food is great, but since I work around the corner I can't say anything about the staff since I only order to take out. Can't go wrong with this place.Went last night with family and friends, had a great time. We havn't been in three years and I will say that last time was not so good. last night we had several different pizzas and all were very good as well as the calamari. The service was quite good also.I enjoy going here often for lunch.  They have thin crust pizza baked in a wood burning oven.  I especially like that they offer wheat crust at no extra charge!  With roasted garlic, vegetarian, Greek, and margarita pizzas offered, how can you go wrong.  Very delicious pizza and tasty wraps!  I also enjoy that they decorate their walls with works by local artists, which you can purchase.  Thus, the decor often changes with new art. 
Awesome place for eating healthy pizza in the French Quarter!Had their fried oyster pizza, pepperoni pizza, mushroom stuffed ravioli, ceased salad, and the pocket bread. Every one of those items set the standard for their respective categories. You and I  have had a lot of pizza, and these are some of the best I have ever had. Don't be afraid to drench it all in that unbelievable olive oil that they got on the tables. The service we had was also on par for the course. Overall, if you skip this joint, you are missing out.Surprisingly good pizza! Nice find!
I half expected this to be a tourist trap given is close proximity to the French Market but was pleased and surprised to find one of the best roasted garlic thin crust pizzas I've ever had! We arrived after the lunch time rush so we had no issue finding a table and our server was attentive. My husband and I split a pan and we both had about 3-4 decent sized slices from it. They offer beer and mixed drinks but we were so hung over, we were happy with diet cokes.Had grilled artichokes for an appetizer and then a few pizzas.   Lots of garlic on the Roasted garlic pizza along with spinach, feta, and sun dried tomatoes.   The crust is really thin for a wood fired pizza, but holds up well to the toppings.My whole family thoroughly enjoyed our lunch.
I had the grilled artichoke hearts and spinach salad. Both were delicious. My husband and kids shared two pizzas that they all loved. We will definitely be back. A hidden gem in the city for a casual and delicious meal.Great food, nice clean and cozy atmosphere. Has both vegan and carnivore options which is nice to have in a meat and seafood city like New Orleans. Excellent pizzas and good  Cajun options too. Went there twice in one trip because we all liked it so much. There are enough options that everyone in our group got something different both times.Over priced italian. The pizzas are thin and only satisfactory. My draft beer was served in a warm glass, not chilled. The lasagna was decent but too expensive, not able to share. Food is so inexpensive, especially Italian ingrediants, I just dont understand why it costs so much. For 1 lasagna, 1 salad, 1 pizza, and 1 spaghetti, 1 beer, 1 house glass of cab--$90 (with tip). The place is cool, the service is friendly otherwise. Pizzas are too small for an adult to share.My waiter Dustin was wonderful and my pizza was the best j have had in years. As a local I'm very impressedWhat an under-appreciated gem! Their pizzas are unique and always delicious; the entree salads are also a great way to try to stay on the healthy side of things, although nothing here is gonna be too over the line in that regard. 
Wine list is one of the best in town as far as I'm concerned--diverse choices at great price points. 
Service is usually on top of things, and atmosphere is good, particularly if it's nice weather and you sit outside and watch the French Market go by. 
They also do takeout for those nights when you want to stay in and still enjoy a good meal.Amazingly good lasagna - some of the best I've ever tried. Excellent prices and great service.The only thing I do not like about the LPK is that it is so far from my home.  I live in Denver, and this restaurant is in New Orleans.  Last night, I stopped in for a pie as if I needed a reminder why I love this place.  This may well be the best, thin-crust pizza anywhere.  
It only comes in one size, the 10" personal, and it will cost you $9.00 to $14.00, but it is worth it.  Try the whole wheat crust.  The crust is perfect.  It has just the right flavor, texture, and crispness with no aftertaste.  If you think you like "delivery pizza," it's time to put that "stuff" down, and get over to the LPK to clear our your taste buds.  You'll never be happy with anything delivered again. 
Perfect is the only word I can think of that accurately describes ever aspect of this pizza from the crust to the sauce to the toppings.  No matter what they charge, eat this pizza - your taste buds will thank you.Sometimes there's a wait but it's worth it. The waiter offered our dog a water bowl and is always nice when we have to bring her with to sit outside. Been here 4 times in the last 3 months and I love it. We split a pizza and a caesar salad. Yum!$12 for a personal pepperoni pizza?? Seriously? $10 salad? This place is worthless. WAY TOO MUCH MONEY! 4 people paid $60. Stupid. Anytime I regret paying for food means it was no good. Want good pizza? Go to Slice on St.Charles where you can get awesome pizza for $3 per HUGE slice.
Bottom line, don't eat here.It's a quaint place.  The service was friendly and courteous.  We split a Caesar salad and then a chicken and black bean pizza. I can't remember what they called it, but it was wonderful.  Beans, avocado, sour cream, and chicken.  The crust was nice and held up well.  I would return for a nice good meal with good service.Loved this place! The pizza was fantastic. Must try!!!!
The Margherita Pizza and Pineapple Pizza were really good and huge! The brownie with ice cream of course was the best.Good pizza, just OK service. The ingredients are fresh and the pizzas are much better than those of a fast food chain, without beign exceptional.Food is very tasty with an eclectic menu that also includes basic entrees for simpler pallets. 
Customer service was great during a very busy lunch rush when the staff was slammed. 
Casual friendly close environment.Great place..... I had a pizza, open oven cooked   It was really cook to perfection large serving. It was more than enough had some for later. Enjoyed this place   Will be backThe pizza is very good but the size was way too small for two people.  We wished the menu specified that the pizza size was more of an individual size.  There were a total of 4 slices and it was $10.00.  We both left the restaurant still hungry.GF babes!! This is your place when visiting Nola. Come for lunch on a weekend or order takeout is best! So goodThis is a perfect spot for a restaurant. It's right in the French market in the french quarter, and right near the water. We dined there on 2/9/14 and had an absolute delicious meal. Highly recommend the BBQ chicken pizza. the pizza is one size and can feed 1-2 for dinner or 3 for a snack if you want to share. the menu is the right size and variety and the service is great. This time of year its opened up an airy with the breeze coming from the water. Really great place to eat in the Quarter.Solid pizza joint down near Frenchman. Had the prosciutto and egg pizza which was very good. Perfect meal for 2 people.Authentic pizza with a gourmet flair.  Had to come and leave a review because I have a tendency to take it for granted and all of these review of this place in bywater make me-- well, ugh!  At Louisiana pizza kitchen you can get an awesome pizza- (I personally like the smoked salmon pizza).  And I'm glad it's not a take off of some Brooklyn pizza, it's way better NYC could ever dream of being.   Add a bottle of Chimay Gold Reserve (and yes they do have the goblets) for an ultra experience.  If you want to make it extra nice, get a seat outside on a mild day and enjoy the sights and sounds of the quarter.It's often difficult to find a decent gluten free pizza.  The eggplant and pesto gluten free pizza was fantastic.  One of the better crusts I've found in my travels. The service was outstanding. Everyone was very friendly and attentive.$12 for a personal pepperoni pizza?? Seriously? $10 salad? This place is worthless. WAY TOO MUCH MONEY! 4 people paid $60. Stupid. Anytime I regret paying for food means it was no good. Want good pizza? Go to Slice on St.Charles where you can get awesome pizza for $3 per HUGE slice.
Bottom line, don't eat here.Close to the French Market and parking lot. We sat at the patio, literally on the street. Waiters were fine. We had a little Italy and a mushroom pizza. The little Italy is fantastic! Kids loved it. And their Alfredo just killed it. I could eat that three times a day! Everyone loved that pasta so so much.Great place for a vegan in new Orleans to eat at! They have daiya cheese for pizza and a new beyond meat veggie burger that taste just like a real burger! It was so good and we highly recommend this restaurantHands down my favorite Vieux Carre place to eat!  I have been coming here for years, and I can not remember one bad experience.  The foods always delish and the waitstaff superb.  
Anytime my sister comes in, or me an my bff (hehe!) wanna celebrate a birthday, or just have a relaxing girls night we come here.  
I've pretty much had or someone at my table has had everything on the menu.  I can report that there has never been any disappointments. Some of my favorites are, the salad with pecans and goat cheese, the Spinich and artichoke dip with this yummy, fried, parmesan bread beignets.  The pepperoni classico, and tomato basil soup.  I also really like the salmon pizza, but I have to be in the right mood for it.  The crust is wood fired and they also offer whole wheat crust for those trying to be a little healthy.   The lasagna is tasty too.  
They have a nice wine list, and sitting outside (weather permitting) sipping a glass of red wine and people watching is a wonderful way to pass the afternoon.Headed over to Louisiana Pizza Kitchen for their brunch a couple days ago. The Camilia Grill was packed and had almost an hour wait so we walked across the street to try out something new. 
We were the only people in the place for a while and the service was really slow. Maybe they were just opening up or maybe they were short-staffed. But by the time we ate, I felt like we could have waited at Camilia. But let me say this, they were very friendly and accommodating and despite the longer than average wait to eat, we were sat immediately and drinks were prompt. This would not keep me from coming back again. 
I had the Tuscan Frittata. It was pretty good. The chicken was well seasoned and the goat cheese added a creaminess that was nice. But overall it was under seasoned and really needed a couple tomatoes or some acidity to balance the dish. 
My wife got a Frittata as well and said she really enjoyed her. It appeared to be a Southwestern style frittata with salsa and jalapeños. 
The kids got breakfast pizzas and they were consumed with the vigor and gusto of a hound dog. I wish I could have tasted it, because it looked fantastic. 
The food at Louisiana Pizza Kitchen is pretty good, the coffee was good as well. I do think they're a bit overpriced. But that being said, I enjoyed it and would go again for lunch or dinner.I will never come back here, based on the intolerable rudeness of the waitress.
After walking for hours we stopped here to eat, starving.  When our pizza came out, the waitress ignored it and kept chatting with the cook about what she did the night before.  After waiting a while, and confirming to myself that it had to be our pizza getting cold on the counter, I walked over, said 'excuse me, this is ours' and took the pizza back to the table to eat.  The waitress proceeded to rudely chastise me for getting the pizza myself, and we ended up arguing, while I should have been eating.  It's one thing to not do your job because you are incompetent, but a complete other level to unnecessarily yell at a customer.  That person should not be in any job that involves personal interaction, and I will certainly never give this establishment my business ever.
I did eventually eat some of the pizza because I was so hungry, but I couldn't tell you how it tasted.  My GF said that her salad was good.Pretty impressed with the pizza here considering we just entered the restaurant because it was the first place that caught our attention after spending the whole morning on a tour. We came in during the early afternoon and shared a cheese pizza. The pizza was a well sized thin crust pizza that was very good. The staff was very attentive and our food came out pretty quickly. Wish I could have returned for dessert as they had a long list  posted on the wall of interesting and decadent sounding desserts.Just are and what a great meal it was a long walk but so worth it. I had the fettuccine with shrimp my friends had fettuccine with chicken and spaghetti and wonderful meatballs but the SAUCE I wanted to take the marinara home I saved some from the garlic bread....Vegan and gluten free for those of you in need. Airy market side location.
Food excellent! Waitress to be desired, but maybe not her fault. Maybe she was serving all the tables in the front room. Pizza was great. Crawfish étouffée for my soon which he devoured without a complaint. DH was craving crawfish fettuccine and loved it. Great ambiance. Tight quarters. Great views. Good location right off streetcar stop. Used open table.My wife and I stumbled upon this place when walking around the FQ. It was so good that we came back the next day. Both times we split the Blue cheese pecan salad and veggie pizza. So delicious. However the food was better the first day. I think it's because the first visit we had a nice tall black waiter and the second visit we had a petite white girl that was socially awkward and unfriendly.Finally ... an exact copy of the best thin crust pizza in the world previously only available in northern Italy.  The LPK puts just the right amount of ingredients on a superb crust and cooks it to a turn in a genuine wood fired oven. I highly recommend the Four Seasons and the Greek. It's all about flavor folks and that's what you'll get here. Don't expect gobs of tasteless cheese or puddles of sodium laden tomato sauce but do expect endless flavor and total satisfaction with outstanding toppings which complement one another. A highlight of my visit to the NOLA French Quarter! PART 2 ... Our first two visits to the LPK were noonish for lunch and it's those visits which prompted the above review. Unfortunately, we went back a third time ... for dinner. On being seated I noticed that the pizza chef was not the same as the fellow that had created and cooked our luncheon delights. I really didn't expect the pizza to be any different. I couldn't have been more wrong! The tomato sauce was absent; the cheeze scarce with the other toppings haphazardly gathered in a smallish circle in the center of the 10" pie. The crust was undercooked as well.  I explained this to our server but I'm afraid he could't have been less interested. Apparently consistency isn't quite the norm with the food here.  I'll write the owner Jim a letter because his product is outstanding IF prepared with attention to standards and quality. Kudos to the noon chef .... put the evening cook on notice!We loved our dinner here. First off they have an amazing wine list. We started with the shrimp and corn Choux and the crawfish etouffee both were SO delicious.  We split a meat pizza. For sure big enough to split. The waitress was great. The dessert looked wonderful at the table next to us but after a bottle of red wine and food there was no way I could eat dessert. This is a wonderful alternative to all the fried food in NOLA.AMAZING black bean wrap!  Several dishes they can make vegan.  Willing to accommodate big groups and did a great job with it!Visited twice during this vacation.  Superb pizza, great wines by the glass, draft beer and also really great salads.  Also, great and consistent serviceI've walked by here a million times- so sad!! It was delicious and our server was amazing!!! Gotta get the Brownie Sundae!!! Loved it!!!!Fourth night in NOLA and the wife and I were in the mood for pizza.  We go out for pizza on around 3-4 times a month back home.  We went to el gato negra the night before which is a door or two away.
We liked this place. Ordered the pocket bread as an appetizer, the pepperoni bacon pizza, and artichoke ravioli to share.
Pizza was good and the pepperoni too (there was no bacon, the pepperoni was in strips like bacon). The ravioli with pesto creme sauce was tasty, not overpowering.
Service was outstanding.  Our server (rebecca I think) was great. Refilled our soda's multiple times.Great pizza, service, and atmosphere! Definitely a place to check out. Casual yet classy!On the way there now. One of our regular stops when in NOLA.  The A/C is awesome and the service is some of the best in town. Something for everyone.The service was fast and great. The food was even better! The pizza was unique and the canzone had enough cheese stuffed in it for 10 people!A solid menu of options with good mix of pasta and pizza combinations. Wine list is extensive with wide range to fit most budgets. Also when the weather is good it's nice to sit outside.This was such a pleasant surprise!! We had a visitor with us who wasn't in the mood for
Seafood! We found this restaurant from Yelp reviews and we were so thankful for them! The pizza was GREAT.  However, the real surprise was the red beans and rice--they were the best I had all week!! The shrimp
Appetizer was amazing and the bread that comes out first was great! My son ordered the kids spaghetti And we all stole a bite and it was delicious as well! So glad we found this restaurant !This place has a large number of vegetarian options.  We ate the Greek salad and the Margherita pizza. We also had the pecan pie which was also amazing.  The salad was a good size with fresh vegetables.  And the Margherita pizza was also great.  The service was great and the restaurant was air conditioned and the ambience was great for couples and families.  There were lots of locals there.During a visit to New Orleans, we decided to dine at Louisiana Pizza Kitchen.  Although the food was somewhat delicious, the service was lousy!   The server seem disinterested in waiting on us.  I guess he forgot what he was hired to do.  So much for "southern" hospitality.  We waited nearly 15 minutes for him to take our order while he quickly took the order of another party that came way after us!   He was condescending and abrupt.  Despite this unpleasant experience, we brushed it off excusing his behavior as just him having an "off" day.  So several days later we decided to dine there again since the food was not so bad.  Again, this server was so unwelcoming!!  The food maybe somewhat good but why dine at a place that obviously doesn't value their customers!!! when there are so many other restaurants! With better service and great food!!!This is a lively and festively decorated Place the food was fresh and full of flavor . The fettuccine Alfredo and Pepperoni Pizza  were very tasty with great prices high on my recommendTionsWe were looking for a change of pace from all the wonderful Cajun food New Orleans has to offer. Louisiana Pizza Kitchen was perfect, not too far from the Quarter but in a less festive section. The thin crust pizzas were perfectly cooked our wooden coals
 Crusts were offer in whole wheat and gluten free as well as standard dough. The toppings and sauces came in a wide variety, not your standard Pizza Hut fare.
 Surprisingly complete wine list to go with a wide selection of beers.The eggplant pizza was delicious! Great place for vegetarians and vegans as well (they have daiya cheese!) A little on the pricey side (I paid about $15 for a personal but it lasted two meals!) Crust is nothing special, pretty bland in my opinion however the veggies on my pizza was fresh and cooked well. Also recommend calling ahead if placing an order to go, we waited about 25 minutes for our order during a non busy time (around 4).My dad step mom and a couple friends were gonna have spaghetti last night at our friends house but we just went out instead so we went to Louisiana kitchen and had calamari for an appetizer and then pizza and wine for an entree. It was great and the server Travis was a cool dude. Great wine great people great food i would definitely go backWe grabbed a pizza from here for a late night snack after we took the steamboat Natchez tour. We had to walk 30 minutes back to our hotel so unfortunately the pizza was only warm by the time we had a bite. Though it wasn't steaming hot the flavors were still great! We got a margarita and a pepperoni pizza. Pizza's come in personal sizes with four slices each however if you aren't too hungry this could be enough for two. Pizzas were good however there was barely sauce on either pizzas which I liked but it's mainly a preference thing I guess. Definitely worth a stop if you are looking for a good pie.Just go and try it. This place has great pizzas and deserts. The price is more than fair. A lot of atmosphere and really not far out of the NO center/from the square. Friendly waiters. Will definitely go there again for my next visit to NO.So many vegan choices that I ate way too much, wanted to sample them all. Started with the tomato-eggplant soup; nice texture, rich tomato taste, delicious. Opted for the black bean wrap next. It was loaded with avocado, jalapeños, vegan sour cream ... a real treat! 
My wife had the fettuccine alfredo with shrimp. She loved it.
The waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable about how dishes could be adapted for plant-based eaters.  
A good experience from start to finish. We'll be back.This is a great little restaurant on the edge of the French Quarter! Service and food were excellent!Oh my god, the gumbo pizza. I still have DREAMS about that pizza. Flavorful and not too greasy and oh-so-wonderful. They also offer wheat crust as an option (no extra charge, woohoo!), so I didn't feel like I was cheating on my diet too terribly (I know, I know. When on vacation...) Minus one star because our server was pretty scatterbrained, but everything else was great.Amazing Greek salad, so happy to see a list of healthy food options. Service is awesome :)Really nice staff and a good beer selection.
Pretty good, but not amazing, wood-fired pizza. We had a blue cheese and walnut salad to start, and then a plain cheese and a jambalaya pizza (basically a cheese pizza with some jambalaya on top).
Where the place falls short is in the small details. The pizza crust was floury and a bit bland. The cheese tasted like that really stretchy low-fat stuff. The salad had some wilted bits. The jambalaya had a great seafood flavor, and nice sausage, but the chicken pieces tasted like they were precooked and added to the sauce.
Still, I would be happy to have this place in my home town.We ate lunch here and had wraps.  My wrap was a grilled eggplant wrap with spinach, roasted bell pepper, and goat cheese which was delicious.  My wife had the chicken caesar wrap which she also considered to be delicious.  The only disappointment was the tortilla soup which came with the meal and which was so spicy that it was inedible.  We returned our nearly full bowls to the server and told her that it was too spicy to eat and she apologized.  Maybe that is the way it is made in New Orleans but it was just way too spicy for us to enjoy.   Otherwise the wraps were very good and the service was excellent.Had the pizza bacon and the regular pepperoni pizza. I liked them both. The pizza bacon was better in my opinion. My daughters had fettuccini alfredo- one with chicken and one without. They were both good. The chicken was good. Not the best I've ever had, but not the worst. Slight better than average. The waiter was attentive. The restroom was clean and the restaurant was clean except for one roach belly up under our table. 
Take note if you are from Texas or the South- they do not know how to make sweet tea- order water or something else.Great pizza in a cool location.
I had the procutto with with fig jam and balsamic, it was very tasty. Nice thing crust and the flavors blended perfectly. Good selection of beer and drinks and the apps are good as well.
The place is small but cozy the staff seemed pretty friendly and considering there aren't a ton of good pizza joints in the French quarter, this fits pretty well!
The only reason I wouldn't give it five stars is it's a wee but pricey. I mean we are still talking about pizza? 
But it's a good spot if you want to just grab a bite and go.Where's the negative star button?...
- The waitress (who's name shall stay anonymous) was impatient (sometimes they're having a day, we get that...but then...)
- I ordered my food and asked for veggies instead of meat for a sandwich
- She came back and made sure I wanted all other items and went through each one...I said yes each time.
- She came back with a plate of food that was not at ALL what I ordered.  I took a bite to see if maybe things were hiding, nope...not my muffelata.
- She took it back to have it "redone"
- My food came back, the exact same one I'd taken a bite from 20 minutes earlier, cold, with even colder new condiments on it
- It was STILL not the sandwich I ordered and was missing elements, it's also supposed to be a broiled sandwich and it didn't have the cheese nor was it broiled...it was cold.  What?
- We finally got our check...it was not our check.  They charged us for 3 additional entrees we had not ordered.
- The waitress never apologized
...Just.  Don't eat here.  Maybe at a different location.  The food I'm sure was good but the experience really just killed it for us.Had to stay an extra day (due to weather delays) in NOLA so we decided to try Louisiana Pizza- Had way over price mac n cheese (14.00), very bland, friend had the chicken fettuccine Alfredo which was the same. (think it was the same cheese sauce). I did have a cup of gumbo which was awesome, and we had the garlic bread which was great. Their pizza's looked and smelled good, which I would try.  Atmosphere is what you expect from this kind of place, people were nice. I would try again for pizza though.Amazing food that is both healthier and delicious. Using organic pastas and flour, this place is a cut above. Loved everything I've had here.Great pizzas, great wine list with interesting wines by the glass and bottle, great service. The hubby commented that it was the fastest pizza making he had seen!After a walk through the French Market, we stopped here for dinner. We did have reservations for a later time, but they weren't busy and graciously sat us.
Other Yelpers suggested the Ceasar salad, so we split one. It was as tasty as they said. You do experience a slight fish taste which must be from the anchovies, which I know is in homemade Ceasar salad dressing.
We both ordered the same kind of pizza, pepperoni. Being that we are from Chicago and KNOW our pizza, we both agree that this is fantastic. I love a good wood burning pizza and the cheese on this was fresh and on point. 
Recommended!A satisfying outting.  We had the chicken manicotti - delish - and the mushroom fettuccini (a tad one note-ish).  Unfortunately, had to skip on eating outside due to the pervasive hot garbage smell that seems to occupy the quarter... Server was friendly and the interior atmosphere was agreeable.  I do have to add though, the wall art is odd....  particularly the bad Maryln Monroe paintings.  Maybe I'm missing the connection here.  Anyways, meal was tasty enough.  Will have to try the pizza next time. 3 stars.Fancy little pizzas on crisp oven baked flatbread crusts. The wild mushroom ravioli are quite tasty as an appetizer.Based on our one visit. 
Nothing to negate so I had to give a five. 
After a busy day of touristy stuff, I needed a rest, food & beer. It was Christmas Eve & I figured everyone would be in that "Let's get this over so I can go home" mood. I didn't find that at Louisiana Pizza Kitchen, 95 French Market Pl. 
Our waiter, Jerry, was completely friendly & honest about what to order. He helped me choose a delicious beer. Our wood fired pizza of several meats was delicious. They were offering specials like duck pizza w/ apple chutney, mozzarella & au jus. How does "vanilla bourbon" sound? 
Perusing the Internet reveals they have several locations.This is what Mike H recently wrote to me... "You obviously don't understand the concept of gourmet Italian style pizza.  What you described is nasty American pizza that is not really authentic pizza from where it originated.  Italy!  These guys are the closest to real pizza you'll get.  Sounds like you just need to go to Dominos.  Yuck!" He called it a compliment. 
He's wrong, I do understand the concept of gourmet pizza. I think the concept was created to gouge money from pretentious hipsters and unsuspecting customers.  And I think it sucks. I want a real pizza, like a Detroit style, or Chicago style, or NY style. And I don't think Mike H understands that Italy doesn't have garbage like this... Above all, I like a Sicilian Pizza!Really friendly service. Food out quickly and while hot.
Ordered macaroni cheese with andouille sausage and shrimp, and it was pretty good. My friends liked their dishes (or at least they finished them) - Med Pasta with Shrimp, Shrimp Scampi, and Bruschetta.
I'll probably be back if I'm in the area, so I can try their pizza!Enjoyed the eggplant and goat cheese sandwich with pasta salad. Good service. They were filming NCIS next door.   Other dishes included soup grill asparagus and shrimp and corn. Big portions.I was not overly impressed, but I did not get pizza. I got a southwest wrap, and it was just small. The food was good, just not very large quantity on the sandwich side. Probably would be indifferent if someone asked me to go again.Nothing much to say except I've gone here once and can't wait to go again. Service was pretty quick and it was a busy Friday night. I had the gnocchi which was excellent and filling. I can't wait to try their pizza and pasts. Great choices on their menu. Atmosphere is nice. Just a great place to go for relaxing on a friday evening with a glass of wine and friendsOur waitress was attentive, even though we were outside. The weather was great the night we went, so if you have the chance take advantage of a breezy night so you can sit on the sidewalk. We tried two appetizers, both absolutely wonderful--one nice and crisp without being greasy, the other a fresh herb caprice salad that was divine. My husband had stuffed shells and i had ravioli with sundried tomatoes and artichoke. We both agreed mine was better, but we both cleaned our plates! Nice bottled beer selection and large wine selection, plus a tiny bit more off the beaten path and a nice escape from the faster french quarter pace. This ended up being one of our best meals this trip. We felt it was a little pricey but worth it.We ordered the margarita pizza, 4 cheese , calamari and the Genoa! Delish! Best brick oven pizza I've had! Will definitely go back if I travel to NOLA again!There are three locations of Louisiana Pizza Kitchen (two in New Orleans and one in Baton Rouge), but none of them seem to be connected....except that they all serve superb pizza.
The pizzas are thin with a crispy crust baked in a real fire oven.
In a city renowned for fine cuisines, LPK shines!Great ambience, awesome food....recommended for vegetarians.Really liked it. Great server and delicious food. Thin crust, which is my absolute favorite. Bummed that the special of the day said it had black olives but was served with Kalamata, but it wasn't a big deal, and otherwise all of the food was absolutely delicious!The service here was great! Everybody was very knowledgable about the menu and helped us pick what we wanted.
My friend and I sat outside on a beautiful day, ordered the Four Seasons pizza on wheat dough. Mannn it was good. All the toppings were so fresh and yummy. She gave us some olive oil and some spicy olive oil... the spicy olive oil was soo delish!
Perfect place to sit outside on a beautiful day.It was OK. Staff was very friendly, but the pizza was very average. Our appetizers were on the average side too. Calamari was rubbery and olive salad that accompanied it was super salty.Stopped in last night for dinner with some friends. We ordered three different pizzas and a couple of spinach salads. Salads were great, the dressing was fantastic. Pizzas were good, not great. I had one of the veggie pizzas with mushrooms, asparagus, sun dried tomatoes, and artichoke hearts. Good flavor and fresh ingredients. The crust was, we'll...interesting. It was almost cracker like - dry and crumbling. I like thin crisp pizza as much as the next person, but this just missed the mark. The neapolitan and pepperoni pizzas were decent too, crust the same. 
Overall, good pizza and nice atmosphere. Probably would eat there again.Amazing!! We had the jambalaya pizza!! And loved it. Perfect amount of spice and good serviceIt's easy to forget how good a pizza can truly be when fresh ingredients and a little artistry are used. This place includes both in a wood-fired offering that is perfect for sharing with a friend. 
   We ordered the black board special, Italian sausage, orange and yellow bells, and a light sprinkle of purple onion. It was good, good, Good! I love a pizza that has evidence of charring from the oven and I wasn't disappointed. 
   The atmosphere is clean with a clever decor.  pizza joint classy with a hint of romantic. The waitress was sweet and professional. Wifey really enjoyed the wine suggestion and a cold beer for me always hits the spot.UPDATE: I just ate here today and ordered the Wild Mushroom Linguine Pasta... FIVE STARS!!! It was delicious. Don't bother getting garlic bread though - it's not very good. Try this pasta. You won't regret it!Totally mediocre - Caesar salad and pizza.  Garlic shrimp pasta was under salted and room temp.  Highlight of the night was pecan pie.Really great pizza!! I had the pepperoni bacon pizza & super delicious!!! I got my food quick & our waitress was super nice. Excellent service & great location near a little flea market. Would definitely come back here the next time I'm in New Orleans!!Stopped by here for a quick lunch.  We were seated quickly. Service was attentive.  Restaurant was clean.  
Chicken tortilla soup was excellent and would rank it as a five.  Fettuccine with wild mushrooms was good but not great.  Would rank it has a 3.5 or 4. Had a pizza with artichokes and sun-dried tomatoes.  Crust was dry and over cooked.  Pizza cheese and toppings should have covered more of the crust. Would rank the pizza as a 3.  Finally, I had bread pudding with lemon Chantilly sauce.  The Chantilly sauce was excellent, but the bread pudding was dry.  Would rank it as a 2. 
Overall I might come back one more time, but was not impressed.The best Pizza in the French Quarter. 
Very Clean restaurant.
Nice relaxing ambience 
Great Service
Highly Recommended
A hidden jewel in the QuarterGreat atmosphere. Food had some minor issues. Gumbo was a bit salty. The chiabaatta garlic bread order was small even though we ordered a full order. The roasted garlic pizza and bread pudding was outstanding. Long story, short.... avoid the gumbo.I ordered this pizza through Uber eats. I didn't even think I was hungry until it arrived and I'm not even much of a pizza lover I have to tell you I devoured almost all of it and had to stop myself from eating it so I'd have something for lunch tomorrow!
The only negative thing I  can say is if I was in the restaurant it would have been five stars! Oh I ordered the grilled eggplant one.Fettuccine Alfredo with their grilled free range chicken was amazing! I also got it with gluten free pasta and unlike other places, you couldn't tell the difference. It was absolutely delicious! We also had their Roasted Garlic Pizza and that was great as well. Overall really enjoyed the food and the service. So glad they were open on Christmas!BEST JAMBALAYA PIZZA YOU WILL EVER HAVE. So delicious and with way more flavor than the jambalaya I tried at other restaurants in the French Quarter.I'm like Sally in When Harry Met Sally.  That scene.  You know. Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
A good pizza is hard to find.  Sooooo delicious, so many choices and then they have mind blowing desserts too.Definitely gourmet and delicious. They even have whole wheat crust at no extra cost.Small little Italian restaurant but was glad we found it.  Had to wait outside because was too small inside to wait but was worth the wait.  Ordered the veggie calzone and it was packed with veggies. The cheese was nice and fresh.Ordered from Waitr and it was DELICIOUS!  Got spinach salad with beets and it was fresh and the dressing was great. The Artichoke appetizers were incredible... a little pricey for getting just 2 small artichokes but really really good. Also ordered the pasta (whole wheat) with marinara and meat balls and it was really good as well. 
Will definitely order from here again.Really good, fresh pizza and salad. Our server Joe was awesome! Also, they have AC which helped since it was really humid outside.Food is great! Had a caprese pizza. Very yummy and a brownie sundae. Really good! Waiter was nice and food came quickly.Personally I prefer the uptown location but this one is excellent as well. Fresh ingredients, a nice variety, pleasant staff, and a great atmosphere.Pizza never disappoints. Crust is thin and everything has a nice oaky taste to it. The Hawaiian pizza add pepperoni is awesome and the service is excellent. We come here every month when we visit New Orleans.We really didn't have a single thing here that we really liked, and we were a party of 14.  About 60% of us were legitimately unhappy with our food, and the other 40% were very unimpressed.  The service wasn't that bad, though not great, and the ambiance was nice enough.  It just...wasn't good.  The pocket bread was flavorless, calamari overcooked, pizza too greasy, Alfredo had way too much Parmesan and not enough cream...the list goes on.  Not good.How lame am I for going to Louisiana Pizza Kitchen and getting pasta? 
I came here for lunch with some friends and ordered the Chicken Roulade. The chicken was stuffed with crab meat and andouille sausage and served over fettuccine pasta with tomatoes and cream sauce. The lunch portions are decent, but my food was bland. The chicken was dry, the crab meat and sausage were not seasoned and the pasta was just covered in cream, no herbs or even salt/pepper. I rarely salt my food anymore, but I had to do it 3x this afternoon which is unfortunate. 
Our waiter was attentive, but the food still took longer to cook than I expected for pasta and some sandwich wraps. 
I would come back and try the pizza but that's it.Excellent meal! We had the blue cheese and pecan salad followed by the Italian pizza. We shared both and were pleasantly full! Service was excellent!Nice thin crust crunchy pizza.  Walking the French Quarter needing something to eat and drink and stumbled upon Louisiana Kitchen which was away from the hustle and bustle of the quarter.  We had an Abita amber and IPA  along with a cheese pizza.  The service was prompt and professional from a very friendly server.  The pizza was made in a wood burning oven and arrived quickly, hot and crispy.  After a nice relaxing break we left with our batteries recharged and ready to head back to hustle and bustle.The pizza was absolutely wonderful! Ordered a smoked salmon pizza and was not disappointed. Cooked in a brick pizza oven the pizza is thin and crunchy. You will also want to order a Caesar salad to go with it!Another visit. Had the greek pizza veganized.  Just delicious! The best pizza I've had in six years of not consuming animal products. What a treat.Louisiana Pizza Kitchen was just alright. My friend and I were seated quickly and given the menu. We got excited when we saw that glasses of wine were $5, but sad when we got the bill and they were $9. I guess we missed the fine print somewhere, but we believe that this should have been clarified by the waitress when she took out orders. I got the spinach salad and my friend got the spaghetti and meatballs. Both were pretty good.
The reason I'll never go back is because the service was not good. While we did order and get out food in a reasonable amount of time, we were not treated in a friendly manner and feel that we were duped by the wine prices. The worst part was when we got the check and put both of our cards on the receipt, assuming that the waitress would just split the $46 check down the middle. Instead, she put $43 on my card and $3 on my friend's card. This was just absurd and we were more offended that she never told us or asked us before doing this. We feel that we were safe to assume that the waitress would tell us she did not want to split the check instead of just splitting it in a very passive aggressive way.
We were unhappy, actually angered, by the service. I'm sure it was just that waitress, but this was still unacceptable.My family and I found this restaurant while looking for a place to eat on Christmas day.  I am so glad we found this place, especially on a day when almost everything is closed.
The Jambalaya pizza and roasted garlic pizza were truly amazing. They were absolutely not stingy with the toppings -- the Jambalaya pizza had a ton of meat and shrimp, and the roasted garlic one had plenty of garlic to satisfy your garlic cravings.  What really made my night, however, was the caesar salad with the grilled salmon.  Together with the capers, the salad was heavenly.  It also served as a good refreshing side for the heavier pizzas.  Highly recommended.Grace was the absolute  best waitress we experienced during our visit in New Orleans. The pizza and gumbo were good too. Share the jambalaya pizza and you won't  be disappointed. Bathroom were a 3 out of 5.We enjoyed a pepperoni pizza and a sausage pizza. Both hit the spot and came out fast.  The prices were reasonable and the staff was friendly. If you are looking for pizza in the French Quarter you will be happy you stopped here for a wood fire grilled pizza.  Yum!it was good pizza.  it was close to my hotel so I gave it a try.  Good service, slow kitchen, but they were busy.  Had a meat pie with a cajun name.  A little too salty for me, but I am a little picky. Gumbo was solid.  I'd go again.Wow!  This was an awesome experience.  We really wanted good pizza and pasta while in New Orleans and decided to try Louisiana Pizza Kitchen again.  It was as delicious as it was on our prior visits.  The beer and wine selections are sure to please any palate.  My husband ordered the whole wheat pasta Bolognese and I ordered the roasted garlic pizza.  His was really tasty and the whole wheat pasta was cooked perfectly.  Mine was made EXACTLY as I ordered it; thin and crispy on whole wheat crust.  Our server Jerry was accommodating and pleasant.  Everything was awesome and we will definitely be returning.Jambalaya pizza was some of the best pizza I've had in a while. Great flavor and balance with the crust. Love the interior of the place, too. Glad we came here as its off the beaten path for us. Will be back!We were pretty unimpressed with the pizza we tried. The prices seemed pretty high for the size of the pizzas.This place is GREAT if you are looking for cheap, delicious food with friendly service.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the ambiance wasn't anything remarkable and there were no drink specials for thirsty customers who had been walking the streets of New Orleans :)
Other than that, I'd hands down recommend this place for casual, frugal, and tasty food.  I got the eggplant and goat cheese wrap with a side of pasta salad.  The pasta salad has a kick (not mayo based) and topped with some fresh grated cheese.  The wrap was a generous portion with melt in your mouth eggplant, roasted pepers, spinach and goat cheese.
Our server was attentive and we were greeted on the way in the way out.  I'll likely stop back before I leave!One of my favs since I was a little girl. People say you don't go home to NOLA for pizza. I do. It's that good.It's tough to make a call on this one considering I was pregnant and when you're knocked up everything is absolutely delicious or positively disgusting...whatever the case may be this pizza was suprisingly delicious in an expected place. New Orleans is mos def not known for pizza of all things. The dough was fresh and light. The andouille sausage...perfect thick rounds of porky, spicy goodness. The cheese was in perfect proprotion to the toppings.... I have dreams about it sometimes.All pizzas are individual sizes which makes it a little more expensive than you may anticipate going to a pizza joint, however, we all really liked our pizzas. Two of us had a small Caesar salad - it's enough to share and I would really recommend it. 
It is a little awkward when you first walk in to the place - there are 2 entries to the restaurant and there isn't a hostess stand at either so it's confusing as to where you should go or who you should tell you'd like a table. I'm only giving 3 stars because the first impression, but I would give it another chance.So my husband and I go to New Orleans pretty often.  We stay in the Quarter and have our usual spots.  We hadn't eaten at LPK in a while and it was a lazy Sunday afternoon, real nice out so we thought why not.  The food was good.  truly.  We didn't order the pizza but we got a few appetizers...really tasty.  It's a nice spot to just stop at and eat something quick.  I read one review that chose LPK over Domenica's...huh?  I can only think that they were from out of town...not knowing that was like choosing Asti Spumante over  Dom Perignon.
Anyhoo, my real point for writing this review is to point out the establishment's lack of an employee break space.  So, there's a really nice seating area on their sidewalk.  Which is great, you can't beat people-watching in the Quarter.  The bad thing is is that the LPK employees also break in that area.  So they come out, smoke (YUCK! especially if the wind is blowing down river) and they talk on their phones and some of them even spit.  JUST GROSS!!!!!  Another thing that killed us is that our dining experience proabbly lasted a little over an hour and the same poeple took breaks 2 or 3 times.  I think after every order that got filled...they took a break!!!  Well, that's a management issue  but seriously...they need to find somehwere else to break...like NO WHERE NEAR THE RESTAURANT.  It is so disgusting to smell smoke literally wafting under your nose while trying to enjoy fried artichokes.  And the spitting!  I mean, COME ON, MAN!  Granted LPK is in the Quarter...it's on the outskirts so it's not like I'm sitting in the muck and mire of Bourbon Street.  This spot is right off Esplanade which is pretty quiet and residential, so f*cking right, my expectations for civility are high.  They just need to shut that down.  I like the place...but I can't subject myself to that nastiness.great pizza, and salad, and desert, and just what you need when you can't eat anymore nawlns food!Got to eat the Jumbalaya Pizza it was sooo good.  The Cesar salad was good also.  The salad croutons were delicious.  Wish they sold the croutons to take back.  One of the best thin crust pizzas I ever had.Stopped by here on a whim. By far the best decision we have made! Fantastic pizza! If you are in NOLA you must stop here!This is definately a unique pizza experience.  They try to do a very hard thing by coupling common Louisiana dishes and pizza.  I had the Crawfish Etouffee pizza which is a normal pizza with the etouffee sauce on it.  For me it was ok but it was not a marriage made in heaven.  I wouldnt order the same pizza twice.  The pizzas were better back in the day under the previous management.  They built their pizzas based more on the individual ingredients rather than individual dishes.  Which I think works better for pizza.  
Service was good though.  And they had Abita beers.Did not attend me and my wife etc all. The waitress was snobby. My wife and I went to NOLA for Labor Day and thought about having Pizza after enjoying some nice jazz on Frenchman St. So we came by this restaurant but the waitress first kept us waiting for 10 min saying she would attend us but then started speaking to the customers who were in the queue after us. Despite many tables being empty she did not offer us one. 
Avoid at all costs and will never ever go again.Great place for super pizza!  Sit inside or out on the sidewalk for a great departure from the usual po-boys or seafood.  
I give this pizzeria 4 stars rather than five simply for the lack of help the waitstaff seemed to have.  Every table was full, inside and out but there were only three people waiting on tables.  I kinda think they didn't realize how busy they were going to be during this Southern Decadence weekend.
Definitely try the shrimp Macque Choux if you've never had it.  It was delicious!Cute little place on the very outskirts of the French Quarter across from the French Market.
It was clean and the staff was friendly.
My mom got the turtle soup. Which she had never had before, and said it tastes very similar to chili without the chili seasoning. She followed that up with a fried oyster pizza with tomato, artichoke and eggplant.
My boyfriend and I shared a Hawaiian pizza and the artichoke ravioli with sun dried tomatoes. Both were very good.  It is thin crust, wood fire pizza and it was the perfect amount of crispy.
They have a great array of pizza selections and dessert options.
We will definitely be back.I'll admit that I'm getting tired to Southern fare so I compromised by having pizza at Louisiana Pizza Kitchen.
Service is SLOW as death here and their pizzas are decent but nothing that would make me trek out to the far end of the French Quarter for again.
I shared their garlic bread and their 3-sausage pizza (Salsiccia) which was unique with alligator, italian and andouille sausage.  I've never had alligator on a pizza before!
Everything tasted fine and prices are reasonable ($12 to $15 each) but the service was pretty bad and it wasn't busy.  Open for lunch and dinner.My husband had the jambalaya pizza and loved it, I had the four seasons pizza and it was just OK, nothing special but don't we won't write this place off. Everything on the menu looked good and the food was fresh!Love this place. Wish I could give it 1000 stars. Ate here 5 nights in a row. Pizza is incredible and so is the eggplant sandwich and hunters chicken (which we got vegan). Not many vegan places to eat in the French quarters. Put this on the top of your list either way. You won't be disappointed at all.  Soups are great. And so is the grilled artichoke hearts. Service is great too.New Orleans pizza lets me down again. 
There are very, very few places in this city that serve edible pizza -- namely, Wood and Pizza Dominica. But I am constantly on the search for more places (who knows, maybe one day I won't be able to get these places delivered to my house) and I am constantly disappointed. 
Roommate and I ordered the Margherita pizza and the Mushroom pizza. Both were awful. Crust was entirely bland and the toppings left a lot to be desired. Eugh. I just wanted some good pizza. Maybe it's because I'm from New England and used to high quality stuff, but man, NOLA, you keep disappointing.Fun. Prompt, polite service. Pleasant surroundings. Very clean. Fair prices. Hard working staff behind the counter and in the kitchen. 
And ... GREAT pizza!  Need we say more?
This place did not disappoint us in any category. A solid establishment.The night we came on was slow and a little chaotic (3 large parties to tend to ... so glad I was not on the floor), but we were in no hurry so ordered a half bottle of their Malbec (which was not all that great but fortunately drinkable) and some wild mushroom ravioli (like crispy crackers with delicious sauce) to wait things out.  Our server was apologetic about the food taking so long explaining that they have all new kitchen staff.  We were slightly unnerved (and becoming perhaps a little hangry by that point), but the Napolitano pizza wiped away all of our cares in the world once delivered.  A truly perfect pizza -- the pizza we had been dreaming about for ages!  Mushrooms, anchovies, kalamata olives, mozzarella and marinara in perfect harmony.  It brought tears to our eyes and nourishment to our bellies.  If you want an excellent, authentic Italian-style thin crust pizza, then come to LPK.  They know how to do it right!Small wait. Great meat, vegan and gluten free options. Waitress was knowledgeable and friendly. Great wine variety.Drink menu really slim. The sweet tea.. YUCK, not sweet at all!! 
I ordered the Cajun shrimp pasta.. I Love spicy Cajun food. However, my pasta was very bland and dry. Like the there was not much sauce on the pasta and no seasoning was applied. I have no clue? I asked my waitress(forgot her name) for more "creamy Cajun sauce" she kind of got a attitude. 
But, the manager Scott came over assisted us and got the cook to prep me more pasta correctly and it was OMG to Die for!!!  He was so nice and understanding, he ask me to always ask for him when I come by and I will! I loved his service and great personality!! 
My friend had had the a 3 meat pizza (bacon, sausage and pepperoni) she LOVED IT, I had a bite, it was great!! We have a new spot we enjoy!!If you want a pizza,why not.it's baked fresh...can't go wrong here.YUM!!! We ordered a few different wood fired pizzas to share. We stopped in because we heard about how great the pizza was from our tour bus driver. It's close to the French Market and though it's awesome, when we were there, it wasn't too busy that we had to wait for a table or for our food for very long. Our server must have been new because she didn't have very good suggestions on local beer or the food or beverage menu. She still tried though and the pizza was good enough for me to give this place five stars. I'd definitely go back here.Cute spot, close to the market! Pizza was delicious with fresh ingredients, they use real pineapple and the crust was just right.  Fast, friendly service too. You can split a pizza, pricing is reasonable, especially for New Orleans food.This had to have been the worse service I've ever had. It started by them crossing our name off the list causing us to wait an additional 30 minutes on top of our quoted 40 minute wait time to be seated. Our waitress took 15 min before she even greeted our table and then brought us the wrong pizza. She then told us that we told her the wrong pizza when we corrected her when she said the wrong pizza originally so we pointed at it on the menu. When the pizza came out 40 minutes after we ordered it the waitress told the manager and he gave us the wrong pizza for free. The manager never even bothered to come check on us. After that the waitress never even came back to check on us. So we left enough money to cover our drinks and left. On the bright side the pizza we ended up with was pretty good. So I do recommend the food but not the service.This is the second time I've been to the Pizza Kitchen. The first time was 1 1/2 years ago when we were last in New Orleans and that time it was great. It was the best meal we had in the city and we were anxious to get back there when we arrived in the city this time.
Unfortunately, this trip the pizza was not as good. Both my boyfriend and I were disappointed. I had a salad with Blue cheese, Pecans and baby greens and the 4 Seasons Pizza (asparagus, sun dried tomatoes, Mushrooms, and artichokes). My boyfriend had the Gumbo and the Hawaiian pizza. Last time we were here, he declared the Gumbo the Best in New Orleans. This time he was disappointed.
My salad was tasteless, though it looked pretty. Same with my Pizza.
The atmosphere of this place is very nice.Been here a few times and the flavor has always been there. Anything I've ordered has been delicious. Service is where they lose a star.Delicious! After eating a ton of authentic NOLA food, this was the ticket. Awesome service and a cute interior. The salmon pizza is to die for!I had a better pizza at 13 on Frenchmen street, but my Margharita with fresh tomatoes and basil was pretty darn good.  Nice, clean restaurant to take a break at while you are shopping at the French Market.I usually love this place. The pepperoni pizza is awesome, the greek salad with cherry tomatoes is awesome & the fettuccine was amazing.. Lately its been downhill. The pasta has gotten pretty mediocre and the portions seem to be getting smaller. Also i just ordered that salad and found a pecan in it.. Luckily im not allergic hopefully it doesnt happen to someone who is idk the prices just don't seem worth the food anymoreLet me start by saying i gave it 3 stars only because everything was ok at best. Service, cleanliness and everything was good.
Pepporoni Pizza was the size of my plate 10" and was good. $12.00 
Cooked in a wood fired oven but was not as flavorfull or OMG. Just good.
The fettuccini Alfredo was very flavorful at $12.00 but they added a $4 extra for 1 grilled chicken breast.
It was good at best in comparison much better than Olive Garden. 
Drinks are sold in cans or bottles at $3.00.
The places closes at 10pm everyday so dont rush thinking just because the Market closes at 6 it does also.
All in All, just just good.I'm glad we took a chance and stop by to check out this little pizza restaurant. We asked and it is locally owned. We really try to stay away from a lot of chain restaurants. Independent operators take a little more pride in their product. Anyway, It was a Saturday lunch and service was a little bit slow but definitely worth it. They have a pretty good selection of local beers including some specialty beers on hand. A pretty extensive wine list is available. I had the smoked salmon and caviar Pizza with capers and it was absolutely delicious.thin crispy crust from a wood fired pizza oven brushed with garlic and olive oil and just about any topping you can imagine. This may be one of the best pizzas I have ever had. Although  the service was slow it was extremely friendly. The restaurant layout is a bit Peculiar  as you have to walk through the dishwashing area to get to the restrooms. All in all friendly service, clean restaurant, good atmosphere, great food. Be sure and check it out.The food here is outstanding! It took a while to get out food but it was Christmas so it is probably different on other nights. I strongly recommend the margarita pizza and the gumbo. Absolutely delicious.On my visit to New Orleans, I had dinner at the Louisiana Pizza Kitchen.  I tried the pizza.  I love the stone cooked crust of the pizza dough!  I'm a meat pizza kind of guy and mine was great.  The ambiance of this place was amazing.  I loved the decor and the staff was very nice to me.  Everything on the menu was reasonably priced.  They were open on Christmas eve which was nice because I had never been to New Orleans, and I didn't know where to have dinner.  Thanks for being available.  I suggest making a stop at the Louisiana Pizza Kitchen instead of a chain pizza joint.The pizza is served in a personal size. I ordered the Hawaiian and it was so good; however, the only complaint I have is that I had to eat with a fork. The bread is so thin and the toppings slide off if you attempt to lift. Pizzas range from $11-15. They also serve wraps, salads, and a variety of pastas. The service was mediocre. She claimed that they could not split the ticket..My husband and I just wrapped up our second trip to New Orleans and we made sure that this place was on our itinerary after stumbling upon it a couple of years ago. 
The location is great - right off of Frenchman St and near the fun French Market, so you're not going out of your way to get here. 
The service is consistently good and speedy, which is difficult to come by in this part of the country. We liked that we could grab a quick snack and drink and not waste a ton of time.
Their pizzas are the best and they have a good wine selection with prices that won't break you in half. It was nice to have a break from all of the heavy, greasy food that overwhelms this city and have some quality food for a good price!Wow.  I had completely forgotten about this place and I haven't been in about a year!
First of all, believe it or not, I have never gotten the pizza here.  Yeah, I know.  My favorite is the Pasta Jambalaya and I get it everytime I go.  It's basically jambalaya served over penne pasta...delicious!
Now just a fair warning, all of the LA pizza kitchens are independently owned and they all have different menus.  When I went to the uptown location, not only was I surprised to see that they didn't carry my favorite, but the dish I ordered (I can't even remember what it was) wasn't good at all.I was in town for a conference and had a taste for pizza. Louisiana Pizza Kitchen hit the spot. I got there around 1:30, and got seated immediately. Service was prompt, and I really enjoyed my Hawaiian pizza with thin crust.This was great little pizza place. After all the wonderful, but heavy, sauced dishes, it was great to  enjoy a great pizza, salad and sangria. Wait staff was busy, but nice and efficient.My husband and I stopped in for a light dinner before heading to the jazz clubs on Frenchmen Street. The pizza here is quite good. It is thin and crispy with many topping combinations, like grilled eggplant pizza, BBQ chicken pizza, Four Seasons pizza (with artichokes, mushrooms, asparagus, and sun-dried tomatoes), and my favorite: Hawaiian pizza. My only complaint is that the toppings were a bit skimpy. We also had an Italian chopped salad which was fresh and tasty with plenty of tomatoes, onions, peperocini, salami, and provolone. The service was fine--friendly and prompt.Amazing food, super chill and our waiter was great! I loved the Italian spin on a muffuletta, and the pasta salad was incredible... Lots of roasted garlic cloves and sundries tomatoes. Definite must in NOLA after you have exhausted yourself on Creole/Cajun cuisine.Great pizza!! Really impressed at the quality and freshness of ingredients used here. And beng a beer guy, this place had an unexpected, but large selection of brews at good prices!! This is definately work checking out. I will be back!!More than pizza! Red beans and rice, corn and crab chowder,
I have to say that any place where you can order a salmon pizza or a butterfly grilled pork chop while contemplating a full dessert menu is at least an automatic four stars.  Good anticipative service adds to this solid meal pleaser!Why come to New Orleans to eat PIZZA?  Well this isn't just any old pizza that you buy by the slice late night on Bourbon St!  This is fresh, hand-crafted, wood-fired deliciousness!
Hubby and I got the pizza special of the day, which was an Italian sausage with fresh bell peppers and purple onions. The crust was thin and had just a hint of char from the oven.  The flavor was wonderful.  Next time I will try to save room for dessert because the dessert list sounded decadent-- cheesecake, bread pudding, cupcakes, and more!
Their wine selection is outstanding and could rival some high-end restaurants.
The location is great. Right next to the French Market, so when you are done with your shopping, stop in here and get a delicious pizza and a cold beer or wine.  You can dine outside or inside. Prices are very reasonable. We plan to return next time we are there.This seems like a local place.   I came as a tourist and was rather annoyed by the staff treating  me as such. The definitely seemed to value the local much more tab the walk in .  Overall,  the food was pretty good and worth the wait.  Would recommend the etouffee pizza!!A-MA-Zing jambalaya pizza. I would have never thought of that combination but it was out of bounds fantastic. Sauce was a tomato creole with generous amount of meat and shrimp.. Wood fired crunch. My only complaint would be the lack of a side salad option. I love me a Caesar salad!  It smelled scrumptious the minute we walked it. I would go again...definitely!I really like this place. The pizza is awesome and the pasta + the calamari is to died for! xoxoFive stars!  Great atmosphere!  Fresh ingredients!  Wonderful pizza!  You can't miss this place!Very nice friendly staff and good food. We enjoyed the Fettuccine Alfredo with chicken. The service was good. Altogether a pleasant place. The pizza was average.We enjoyed a spontaneous supper here. The Caesar salad with prawns was huge, and delicious.  The pizza was exactly the way we prefer, with a very thin crust and fresh ingredients.  We lucked into $5 glass of wine night, including an excellent Pinot noir.  Excellent and friendly service from Rebecca.After a day on Decatur Street & the French Market, I found this place & had the Hawaiian Pizza.  Wait was a bit longer than expected, given that it wasn't very busy, but the service was decent, & the pizza was delicious.  Would definitely go back if I'm in the area again.Goddamn, this place is great.
i know this is hard to believe, but we weren't impressed with the food options in the French Quarter. Let's just say the restaurants there were hit-and-miss, with a lot of miss. The numerous failed attempts left us disappointed and hungry. So we would always just default to this place when other places failed. 
And damn, it's good pizza.
Beautiful thin crust, the way it's meant to be. And the cheese tastes amazing.This place has some of the best pizza I've ever had. We shared a pepperoni and mushroom pizza and it was delicious. Super clean restaurant with excellent service. Clean bathrooms too!!  Highly reccomended whenever you visit NOLAI RARELY - if EVER - give 5 stars. This place deserves it in all categories!
Service -!outstanding. Server was attentive but not overbearing. Was there at exactly the right time, invisible otherwise.
Atmosphere - great!! Very eclectic, not too noisy, not too quiet, great decor, love it!! Not typical carnie Bourbon, a little earthy, just right.
Food - Delicious!! We really enjoyed our food. REALLY!!
Anyone can find something to love on the menu. We were too full for dessert but will be back!!
Note: if you're looking for fast food-ish pizza, this place probably won't be what you're looking for.The garlic bread is freaking amazing -- lots of cheese and garlic on perfectly crusty, flaky bread. I don't even usually like garlic bread, and I couldn't stop eating it.
Wanted a break from all the cajun/creole spiciness, and had a fantastic bowl of tagliatelle bolognese with a nice pinot noir. Entre was about $15, glass of wine was $12 -- totally hit the spot. (They have plenty of cheaper wines.) I wished I had a bigger stomach to be able to finish my whole plate.So, Day Two of our business trip to New Orleans and we found ourselves down in the French Quarter.  So, where to eat?
Yelp suggests Louisiana Pizza Kitchen (among other options), and my lovely partner's eyes light up.  Pizza it is.  So we saunter in -- it's practically empty -- and snag a seat.  Place doesn't look like much... 
So anyway, we get greeted by a very friendly server (Becky, I seem to recall), who walks us through the menu, the beer list, and offers up some good suggestions (gumbo to start with sausage-pizza, rather than sausage-sampler to start with jambalaya pizza).
So, we order gumbo, sausage-za, pita-bites, and greek-za.  All FANTASTIC (all caps, ya!)
I don't really know how to put into words how good this was save that Heather declared it the third best pie she'd ever eaten... high praise, considering we've eaten more pizza than practically any other food type.  I mean, this stuff was stunningly good.
Sure, it's slathered in oil (for shame, MKP., the garlic-garlic-garlic oil is a selling feature, not a strike!) and far from traditional, but damned if it isn't utterly delicious.
So, how 'bout some star ratings for the foods?
Gumbo *** 1/2
Pita Strips w/ dip *****
Sausage Za *****
Greek Za *****
Coupled with some first rate friendly service, an open kitchen where I can see them taking care to make my food, and close proximity to all things French Quarter, how could this place not rate at *least* four star?  If I could go 4.5 I would, but since I can't... hell, it was such a great experience, I'll just settle on a 5.
You're welcome, Pizza Kitchen.  Don't change.  We'll be counting on you for our next trip to New Orleans!Had dinner here last Saturday.  Waitress dropped a plate and red sauce splattered all over the cream color sweaters both my husband and I were wearing.  The waitress and another waiter apologized and offered to pay the cleaning bill and took 50% off the bill.C'mon, I'm not eating pizza because its low cal. Give me a thick, chewy crust and something that fills me up. Pizza = Fat. If you don't understand that you're in denial. I hate eating half a pizza and feeling like I just ate an appetizer. If that is what you want tho, this place is heaven.  
Good beer selection. No draft.This is a very narrow review but I don't care. If you want someone to dissect every part of the experience you're reading the wrong review. I accidentally ate here because I wanted pizza on my birthday a couple years ago (I have a carb problem...sue me). The sausage galore pizza (not the real name) changed my life. Andouille, Gator, and Italian sausage all on one pizza, smothered with cheese. I have never tried anything else on the menu and I don't need to. I've returned every time I'm back in New Orleans to get my fix and I usually order one to go on the way out the door. Must try!Okay, We have been coming here for 20 years! Food is delicious, service great. We almost always sit outside at 1st table, no matter how hot. Their pizza and marinara are delicious but we are partial to the Caesar salad and garlic bread. OMGI generally only write reviews when I have an experience so terrible that I have to take time out of my day to write a bad review. And this place deserves time out of my day. I have been to this place several times (only cuz I live nearby and sometimes the better places are just too busy), and it is one of the most outrageously priced places in Nola for the quality level of food you get. 
I cant recall ever leaving this place satisfied. Usually it is not terrible enough to swear off forever, but I then avoid it for 7 or 8 months until I forget how mediocre it is and I am forced to settle for it again. Every time I try something new because nothing has ever warranted eating twice, although the spinach and artichoke dip is decent for an appetizer.
Tonight, I tried the 'Chicken Hunter', and it was easily the worst dish I have EVER been served in a restaurant. It was advertised as chicken over pasta with garlic, onions, tomato sauce, and rosemary. It tasted like this was the dish to start, someone ate it, digested it, and then shit it out onto the plate and they then served it to me. The smell was so awful I almost didnt even taste it, but for $17 I forced myself to, and spit it out. I offered a bite to my friend and it got the same reaction. I then threw it away. 
There was nothing wrong with the dish, it wasnt sour or rotten or anything, it was just horrible cooking. How can a chef serve SHIT like this not fit for a dog?
Because there is no chef. Just a bunch of low wage cooks who dont really care how it tastes. One of those cooks or a waiter or someone should suggest taking 'Chicken Hunter' off the menu because it takes like eating raw asshole.Just what we were looking for; simple and good quality ingredients. Highly recommend.Playing off the famous California Pizza Kitchen's fame, the Louisiana Pizza Kitchen is a New Orleans native creation that is as good or better than its famous cousin. Originally, the plan for us was to have an early dinner before it got too cold out, but with the weather taking a colder turn at night, we decided to just get something and bring it in. The hotel had a free valet service that took guests in a golf cart type device to local restaurants and bars, so I ordered a pizza from LPK and then took the service over to pick it up. Although the restaurant does not receive alot of to-go orders, they did oblige us with a nice selection available via take out.
**As of November 2008, this restaurant participates in RewardsNetwork.com for additional points earning.
Favorite Dish: We started with the corn choux which was very good. Thick and hearty with some grilled shrimp included. Next we shared the crawfish pasta. Sarah would have prefered more of the shrimp in the fettuccine, but was able to tough it out... yea, more crawfish for me. Finally we sampled the crawfish etouffee pizza, which was the highlight of the meal for me.A friend and I sat at a window table here Saturday night and we both enjoyed the relaxed, casual atmosphere.  We had drinks, split a spinach salad and the Salsiccia Pizza, which is alligator, anduillie and italian sausage.
The pizza was REALLY good but ALOT smaller than what we were anticipating for the price.  The pizza was $14 and we only got 2 slices each.  I know that you pay for the location but I thought that the price to portion ratio was outrageous.
Pricing aside, the pizza was REALLY good and my friend, who is from Austria, got to experience alligator and anduillie for the first time and he LOVED it.4.5 stars. I can't give it a 5 because a pizza place in France will always have my heart. But alas, this place was dericious. 
Boyfriend and I were walking around the French Market when I noticed the gorgeous flowers hanging from the the window here and a Yelp! sticker stuck to their door. No one was eating here at the time but it was only 11:00am so I guess that's not strange. But I was skeptical at first but decided to try it out anyways after reading all of y'alls reviews on boyfriend's Blackberry. Thanks everyone!
They were advertising their soup of the day on the board as Turtle as well as Mushroom Brie. My boyfriend had been wanting to try Turtle soup while we were here so he was super excited. The server came, I don't know his name but everyone was nice and so polite. I ordered the Wild Mushroom Pizza which comes with their seasonal mushrooms, bell peppers, cheese, basil, and a choice of marinara sauce.   It was so yummy. Their pizzas are personal size, comes with 4 hefty slices or you can share their pizza with a friend if you're also going to share a pasta, dessert, or anything else. Boyfriend got the meat lovers, I forgot what it's called but it comes with Alligator sausage, sausage, and pepperoni. The turtle soup is what made my boyfriend's day. The flavor was really good and came with good chunks of turtle meat. Absolutely delicious, for him. I have a turtle that wanders throughout my backyard so I couldn't order a cup for myself. 
Please give this place a try. The outside is lovely, the inside is beautiful and the waiters are just extremely nice and will make you feel comfortable. 
PS. I had a small piece of wood on my pizza so it really is cooked in a wood burning oven! :DWe came here based on a recommendation from a bartender.  We tried two pizzas.  The crust is thin and crunchy.  The toppings are to die for.  One we had was shrimp and crab.  That one was good.  The other one we had was the BOMB.  It had smoked salmon, cream cheese, and caviar.  The sauces on both were a light white sauce.  The pizzas were big.  We tore bot of them up, leaving just a little crust.  I'd highly recommend this place.  They don't have draft beers.  They do have local beers in a can though.pizzas were quite good but the crust seemed a little under baked.Went here for lunch yesterday. Food was really good, but the service wasn't optimal (they were definitely under serviced - only 2 servers for the entire place serving both in & outside!) We had the greek salad & pepperoni bacon pizza! Drinks were also good. Wait time was ok - lots going on in the area and if you get a spot outside there is lots to see while you wait!Amazing vegan food,  all you vegans come here!!!
Service was great, fast and pleasant. 
Dishes are large and enjoyable.  Vegan friendly restaurant with an awsome view to the French market.
Good breeze through the open french quarter styled doors of the place! 
Yummy Yummy!!!!We ordered a spaghetti and meatballs and a pizza. The spaghetti and meatballs tasted and looked like cafeteria food, while the pizza (in their regular size) was slightly better, its size was far too small, at most a misshapen and haphazardly cut 8 inches. Not nearly enough to justify its price. For a $16 pizza this was pretty ridiculous. It really is a feat for a restaurant to make you feel both grossed out and cheated. 
Plain bad, watery spaghetti, and a mediocre and outrageously small pizza. We'll definitely be avoiding this place in the future, and so should you.Nice place. No line, but we went on a Monday evening after the market had closed up for the day. 
Started with an order is garlic bread...be sure to request a side of marinara since it doesn't cone with one. Then we ordered two pizzas to split which was plenty for the 3 of us ladies to share (and take a little home). 
The prices are very reasonable and the pizza was delicious if you're looking for something outside the NOLA norm.Don't mess up and skip this place. Best meal we had in NOLA, and we went many places. Pizza, great. Caesar salads, awesome. Desserts, awesome. Yes, come here, you will thank me....bread pudding...Lord...The food is tremendous and an ideal location at the French Market in the Quarter.  The staff are professional and attentive.  A must try if u are in the mood for yummy Italian food in the Quarter, you will not be disappointed.