great taco's, nacho's, atmosphere and margarita's.  wednesday is triple special day.Very friendly staff and nice environment although the crowd was light surprisingly the both times I went there. Get yourself a $3.50 margarita after 4 on Tuesdays, they are pretty good.If you're in the Warehouse District anyway (perhaps you're on your way to Cochon, which would be wise of you), not a bad spot to visit. If you're in the mood for an expensive novelty cocktail, which will undoubtedly be strong, bright, and maybe include a prop such as a plastic shark, holy moly are you in the right place.This place is definitely fun if you're coming to get wasted. On the other hand, if you're looking for a tasty meal, this is NOT THE PLACE. I ordered shrimp tacos, rice and beans. The shrimp had no flavor or sauce. Just shrimp, lettuce, tomato, and cheese. Absolutely boring and dry. Also ordered a Jack and Sprite.  Whoa...a little more sprite would be appreciated. The service was excellent. Food bad. Drinks bad....unless being obliterated is your goal.Not bad with the crawfish dish. Really laid back during the day but after 6 forget me being there. U become a numberHad light lunch at an outside table with a friend who was in town.  Basket of chips with mango salsa, fried calamari, and fish tacos.  Everything was excellent, as usual.  Service good, but relaxed.Just any-old-bar.  I went for a networking happy hour, and the service sucked...I mean, they kept giving drinks to the wrong tables, etc.  Crowded and blah.We ended up here because we were staying across the street and were too hungry to really scope out anything that required much work. Ended up being pleasantly surprised. My husband got a shrimp po boy with fries and I had a buffalo chicken wrap with sweet potato fries that was the day special and they were both REALLY good. Or maybe we were just really hungry. The service was on the good side of average- our waitress was a little forgetful but funny and was at least trying.  And my drink had a plastic mermaid with it. And an umbrella. And it wasn't even a fruity chick drink, so it made me happy. Strange to find a surfing bar theme in downtown New Orleans, but they made it work!The front desk lady at our hotel (The Lafayette) recommended Lucy's - and wow am I glad I asked! I got the shrimp and grits, my boyfriend got the jerk chicken. Absolutely fantastic! The place was surfer chic, had a great vibe and a cool bar as well. TV's viewable from any seat in the place, waitresses were attentive and had great recommendations on what to eat. I definitely recommend a stop at Lucy's. You won't regret it!Stopped in here in search of a veggie-friendly brunch on New Year's Day. Disclaimer: don't try watching your weight here! This place has a laid-back coastal dive-bar vibe with greasy-spoon-diner-style dishes and a beachy twist. They're not trying to impress anyone, but serve up a satisfying meal.Come and order the Shark Attack.  Their presentation is delightful and witty.  The drink is tasty.  Otherwise the bar is packed and kind of frat-ish.LOVE Lucy's for a quick drink or a yummy breakfast.  Beats the breakfast at the Renaissance across the street where we usually stay.  The menu has a tenderloin & eggs with queso over English muffin, which was a hit two days in a row!Staff is friendly. Walters trio enchiladas where terrible and the rice was uncooked, gross.
My friends liked the mahi mahi and juicy Lucy burger.Lucy's was great! Mimosa's were fresh and the pulled pork was awesome! Great service and food was wonderful. Menu was extensive !I've been here many times and I always come back. Great location! The service however is touch and go. It's also noteworthy that I didn't see any African American servers or bartenders. The food is good, but not great, and I haven't seen a mouse the last couple times I've been. Enjoy!My partner and I went there for brunch today. Average food, terrible service. Restrooms are so dirty. 
Skip it if you may, so many other much better alternatives in town for brunch.I've come here several times, with locals and with my friends that are coming to New Orleans to visit. Although the food is okay, the service is waaaay below the standards of expect. The first time I came here I was blown away, every time after that I felt like was chasing the dragon. Don't get me wrong, the manager attempted to rectify our "not so great experiences"... But that doesn't mean she can ensure every experience is satisfactory. The employees have given me sass and have not been so respectful of my time tables. Uhh so sad because I enjoyed this place but I think my days of being a Lucys fan is OVER.The fried avacado was surprising choice.  The flavor Is primarily derived from the sauce, But still quite good.  The tuna salad cones with a generous whole tuna steak. It was a pleasant surprise to see giant blueberries on the accompanying salad, as I wasn't expecting it in february.  Not too crowded for lunch. Service was attentive and am sorry I can't remember our servers name, as she was delightful.Stopped in for a drink. Loud and outgoing environment. The waitress Amanda was attentive and served with a smile. I ordered the Avocado Fritas which were flavorful and fried well.Went to the crawfish boil and had a great visit! So glad I got a little ways out of the French quarter during my trip. Delicious food, though a bit higher ratio of sides to crawfish could have been good. Adorable vibe and cheap drinks- hard to beat!Delicious mimosas, among other things. Went with girlfriends. Three ordered the crabmeat omelette and all raved about it. I had eggs with tortillas, black beans and rice. It was delicious. Good service, good food, good prices. We'll be back.This place is awesome.  They have High Life, and the food's not bad either.  One time I was eating here Sean Payton and some buddies came in.  People went up to their table, but not many, because it's NOLA, we don't do that here unless it's the Saints.  I waited till he was leaving and walked past our table to ask for a picture.  He's awesome. The Sean Payton story overshadowed that we had absolutely terrible service that afternoon, but the manager comp'ed our meal, and every other time I've eaten here things have been great.  BTW, for White Linen Night, the wife and I stopped here to get a couple of High Lifes to go.  The bartender hooked us up, we walked out in less than 5 minutes, and the place was packed.  Also, been to the upstairs part on an Abita pub crawl, nice space, never been back up there though.I've been to Lucy's twice now. I don't usually do the whole going to bars thing but I was with friends .. This place gets WAY too packed for my liking. I don't really enjoy being pushed and shoved around while trying to make my way to the restroom. 
I tried the food this go around and it was a huge disappointment. I asked for a medium burger and it came out well and dried, it also tasted like a brick. The nachos were gross. It's layers upon layers of chips and melted cheese, and it was cold by the time it got to me.
Overall, if I don't have to go back there EVER, I won't.This was the first spot that me and my friend went to once arriving in New Orleans. It was right behind our hotel so it was very convenient! Music was great! They were playing music from the early 2000s so I was dancing to *NSYNC, Backstreet, Britney Spears, Ashanti, when music was still good. The food wasn't bad. Nothing to cry home about but it filled me up. I ordered the pork carnitas tacos with beans and rice. My friend got the fried avocado fries. Our drinks was what caught my attention! My friend ordered the blue whale while I got a mint and ginger mule. My friend's drink was decorated with a blue whale toy and little mermaids! I just had mermaids in mine lol. But while I loved my drink, my friend said hers was way too sweet.What else could you want, great service, strong pours and average food! We'll be backReally enjoyed my evening at Lucy's. Food and drinks were reasonably priced, with nice happy hour specials, and my veggie quesadilla was seriously outstanding! My boyfriend loved his crawfish quesadilla as well.
I will definitely go back next time I'm in New Orleans.If I would have written this review a few years ago I would have given them 5 stars. Basically - for the weekend - I am 'too old' for this bar. During the week (after my favorite Wednesday at the Square) or during events (like the infamous Santa Crawl) Lucy's is great. Other times, not so much. 
The best deal here are the $3 mimosas. There is nothing that helps (starts) a Sunday hangover like cheap champagne and OJ.This place gets packed and is a total meat market most of the time, especially on weekend nights or post-Wednesday at the Square. It's like The Boot, for grownups. If you're into that, please don't tell me, because I will judge you. 
What? I'm just being honest. 
That said, Lucy's is not a bad place to have lunch if you work downtown, and I've done that on more than one occasion. As a sort-of vegetarian-ish, the only thing on the menu that I've ever ordered (and therefore I assume that it's the only thing on the menu that I CAN order, but don't quote me on this because I couldn't tell you for sure without actually seeing a menu again) is the quesedilla, which I am just now realizing I have no idea how to spell. Nor does Firefox spellcheck, evidently, because the options are "questionable" through "Queensland" and not the word I'm looking for. But I digress.
The one thing that I order but can't spell from Lucy's is pretty good, not overly expensive, and you can also go here for late-ish night drunk food in addition to lunch, which I've also done. 
Besides food and creepy middle aged men hitting on inappropriately younger girls who are apparently into that, the best thing about Lucy's is to sit outside with a bucket of beer during happy hour, and count how many cars blow the stop sign at that intersection. Lucy's is on the corner of Girod and Tchoupitoulas, and it's a four way stop. However, for some reason the vast majority of people do not seem to realize this. It's definitely entertaining, and would actually make for a good drinking game now that I think about it. 
Lucy's: Go for lunch, a bucket of beer and after-work entertainment, or to reassure yourself that you've "still got it" by being hit on or hitting on insecure or aging, collar-popping strangers. Whatever the equivalent of collar-popping would be for a middle aged gentleman. A dandy? (Kidding. That'd be a flamboyantly gay man from the 19th century. Obviously.)Great place for fun and good food.  I love the surfer concept.  Mahi tacos were done well!   My only gripe is that they don't include wine in happy hour prices.All I have to say about Lucy's is that I have this serious love/hate relationship with the place. The food is absolutely horrible, and the service is pretty bad, and the margaritas are no good, but if I am going there after already being out and I've had a few, I am so ready to go to Lucy's and for some reason have a dance party whether it is with some of my girl friends or by myself. It's also a place I find myself drawn to after a Saints game. The bathrooms are a disgrace by the way.GREAT food! I was in town for a convention earlier this month. Breakfast and brunch were excellent. The only negative was that on each of the days I ate there the servers shorted me on my change. Just based on meals though, this place was a find.I've rarely have had a fun time at the bar here but there have been a few moments that were enjoyable.  The food here used to be much better and they once had a great turkey burger BUT the food has gone WAY downhill and now I just refuse to eat here.  The last terrible meal I ate here was around Mardi Gras and two of the cooks got into a huge fight that spilled out into the street and there was all sorts of great blood and gore everywhere (this is probably an extra star for sheer entertainment).  Of course due to the fight it took three hours for us to get our food.So the burritos are pre-made but if you request a manager you still get crappy service, however, there was one awesome server who took the time to see if mushrooms could be substituted for chicken. She rocked! Still probably won't go back but my burrito was good in the end.Lucy's is amazing. Great food (wide variety) and great service always. Fun for lunch, brunch or dinner. THE place to be for Saints home games.. Who dat!Lucy's is... Lucy's. A fun, casual place that's often very crowded. Food's serviceable if not spectacular. Staff is always friendly and on-point. Good to know they have a private space upstairs you can rent for parties/events.Pretty good surf/Caribbean themed place.  Had the blackened fish tacos which were great.Great drinks, consistently good service, laid back atmosphere. The shrimp and grits was excellent.Lucy's used to be a go-to place for me since I've lived down the street for years now. I hadn't been back since they renovated, so I suggested it for brunch. I was embarrassed to have been the one to suggest it. We were "greeted" by a gaggle of millennial girls, half of whom looked like they had not slept or showered since being out the night before. We ordered chips and queso (hard to mess up, right?) and there was a marble sized, black ball of deep fried crud mixed in with the chips. I ordered the steak and eggs, medium rare. I got a greasy, fatty, thin, well-done steak with completely unseasoned scrambled eggs. I asked for a steak knife and received another regular knife. I would have asked for a manager, but between the hungover, ratty army of 21-23-year-old waitresses, and the bathrooms that hadn't been cleaned since the night before, I didn't think it would make any difference.First off... 3 Stars is "good" on my scale. This is a lively place for lunch, happy hour, dinner or late night. It is what it is... A fun bar with TVs for sports watching, seating inside and on the side walk, reasonable priced drinks and food. My experience with the food has been good, not great, not awesome. But the crowd makes for great people watching, I found the service good, they will turn you around quickly if you tell them you're in a hurry. Calibrate your expectations and Lucy's will not disappoint.I went to this place while staying at the Renaissance across the street. It wasn't bad at all, traditional bar food, I liked the drinks. The bartender, Brittany, was very helpful and pleasant. My friends weren't too impressed but it was alright with me :)Lucy's is.. good. Not great, not bad, just good. If you are looking for a happy hour spot, this is the place. The food has never been that great to me and the service in the restaurant has never been a stellar experience for me.  It's loud so don't expect to have a conversation but its a fun time and a great post saints game hangout.This was a great find on my last trip to NOLA. The shrimp and grits appetizer was outstanding. I was really missing the TexMex flavors of home on my last night in the Big Easy and this place hit the spot. Southwest food is not something done well in Louisiana but this place knows what they are doing. I will be going back regularly.No draft beer. Bottles only. 
Great happy hour taco specials. Great chips/salsa. My nachos were okay.-nothing special. 
Many TVs to catch the game. 
Bartenders were very friendly and attentive.First the new chef got rid of the wings which were the best in town. But, to tell me they can't make me a nacho for 30+ min at 2:50 in the afternoon on a Saturday.  Thank god for Felipe's which is where we headed.3 dollar jacks on a thurs night. You are ok in my book Lucy. 
Haven't had the food here but everytime we pop into lucy's for a little break before going out it's always a prime spot to start off the night. People are extremely cool inside, bartenders are swift, and the music is decent. 
I can come here as I like - casual, dressed up, dressed down and its' all Good. Yea, it sure is Lucy, it sure is. Another Jack and diet please.Fun place....kids enjoyed it.  Food was ok, but not great.    Wait staff a bit distant.  Having a drink and a snack at the bar might be a better experience than at the tables.  We were there on a Sunday...maybe it gets better at other time slots.  
Did like the retired surfer concept.
In a limited time visit to N.O., there are better choices.Great service & food! This place is about a 5 minute walk from the convention center (convention center food = yuck!). I got the grilled fish soft tacos and a nice cold Abita Amber, everything was delicious. If you want a quick lunch near the convention center, this place is perfect. If you are real lucky, a nice local will offer to buy you a beer...I was lucky that day! :)Walked across the street from our hotel for a quick lunch upon arriving in NOLA. We were sat right away, the food was very good, the service was good, we were asked more than once how everything was and tasted. Nice relaxed atmosphere. Would definitely go back.I'm a local for almost 30 yrs.I work the service industry here.I went there tonight to visit some friends  in the military from out of town during Memorial Day weekend.The bartender was cool with us.But then we went to sit down at a table a short red headed waiter was the most terrible waiter I've ever had living here.Rolled her eyes almost the entire time.I tipped almost 40% of my bill and she still gave us shit for not tipping enough...after that experience I'll never go back again.Burger was lame. If you order one, be sure to get add ons like mushrooms, etc cause the burger by itself is very bland and not very good at all. I'd rate it about a 2 out of 10, 2 points for being an actual hamburger.
Atmosphere is laid back casual, can get kinda loud but what would you expect at a bar/restaurant? 
I must say the waitresses and hostess, manager, etc are super friendly, which can be a rarity in Nola.Honestly there was nothing impressive about this place. It is your typical bar that serves typical bar food. In addition, the service was that of a typical bar which is less than average service.
The food was just okay. I've had better crawfish enchiladas so it doesn't rank in the top 10 places for crawfish. The positive side is if you are looking for typical bar food with good prices, this is your place.We stumbled in here around noon while on a bachelor party.  We went to a ton of bars while there, but we had more fun here.  Cool vibe.Long ago a Lucy's opened up in my Manhattan neighborhood. I was a much younger man and I drank a lot at that place. I thought I might take a stroll down memory lane. Bad idea. 
This was about 530pm and the place was already loud and fun but not that full. Wasn't really hungry but wanted something. Maybe a drink or two. 
Taylor was immediately overwhelmed with only 4 of us at the bar. She was not too busy to flirt with her short cropped co-worker, but paying customers were a pain. The guy next to me was leaving and told me good luck in getting Taylor's attention. 
I ordered the guacamole and a frozen something. I typically ask about the best thing on the menu. This gets a reaction from even the most jaded waiter or bartender. Taylor had no idea. 
Left and had dinner elsewhere. Turns out lots of places in New Orleans want my business. 
Good luck Lucy's. I will remember you fondly.This is definately a standard for a night out on the town for my friends and I.   I can't say that I've ever ordered food here, but it's a great venue for having drinks.
As mentioned in other reviews, it can get rough if it's a crowded night, and you're not looking to be part of a crowd, as it's a small-ish indoor place.  But during the good outdoor weather (nearly year-round), this is a great place to grab a round of drinks and mingle around out in on the patio/street.
They throw frequent parties, so if you see some hubbub happening, I would definately recommend stopping by.I have visited lucy's several times in the last five years and last night was a total disaster from every angle.
Two frozen margaritas we have  ordered were nothing ather than slush of ice.
Main courses were served immediately after the appetizer(which was a large nacho plate to go with our drinks)
the waittres gave a cold shoulder to our subdued remarks ( Both me and my wife we are in our late 50's).
When I got up to look for the manager it wasn't too hard to figure out why the place is run so bad.A gas station attendant would do a better job.
My main course came back ice cold .
I hope the owner reads this because as someone who lives in the neighboorhood I will stop sending people there .The Wait to be seated was long even when they were tables available just because they take
time to clean them. The service was rushed, and not so personal. Limited menu due to Mardi Gras week which is understandable but even those few items were served under standards. It seems like they just wanted people out so they could serve more. I don't know about you, but quality over quantity is my moto. Maybe hiring more people during these days would be a good idea, so you can still taking good care of customers and serve high quality food.I ate there at lunch today. The special was seafood chowder that was really good and inexpensive.  No complaints about anything there. Bar tender (Hanna i think) was very friendly and kept my glass full.Ate her twice in a four day trip to NO. First went as was right across the street from our hotel - we'd been travelling for 16 hours, had jetlag and just needed to eat. Didn't expect it to be good - just needed fuel. But the food was great - had the tuna steak burger among other things. Would recommend it...I can't believe I JUST found this gem!! Best guac and chips ever!! I've been craving it since I had it! Delicious SHRIMP and Grits!! Great Bloody Mary! Fun atmosphere! I loved the mermaids in my drink! Fun Scorpion shot! Got the T-Shirt! Will definitely be back!I visited Lucy's during my recent trip to New Orleans. Two Words : Mind Blowing. From the customer service to the delicious seafood, my appetite was satisfied. The drinks were also good, and HUGE!! I highly recommend this spot; it's affordable.Piece of shit restaurant - waited 7 minutes for waitstaff to even say they would be right with us (walked by 3 times), 5 more minutes for order to be taken, 15 minutes in we're told they don't have the appetizer we ordered because it's brunch time and now we've been sitting here 25 minutes - JUST got the drinks. 2 drinks. That's it. 2. Drinks.Please read carefully why I am giving them 5 stars. The food is average here but the staff is beyond exceptional. I came in here for my first time at around 5pm.  The bar staff Ray and a shorter blond greeted me immediately. Ray told his name and shook my hand. That night I only had drinks. I came back on a Saturday night at 1 am when they were extremely packed. Now it was a young party crowd but I was there for a last minute meal and drink. My server Maggie was exceptional and I mean exceptional. She was busy running around like a chicken with her head cutoff but she still gave great prompt service, attentiveness,  and actually gave time to discuss the food even though she was swamped. I sat by the servers station area and was amazed on how she was also cleaning while busting her butt. My only question was why the heck she wasn't working in a top notch restaurant. Kudos to Maggie I hope management reads Yelp reviews.
Pros
Amazing workers A+++++
Good drinks
Average food
Cons
Young late night crowd... if thats not your thingWe were staying at the hotel across the street and this was a convenient place and we had observed people sitting outside and having a good time the night before.  We went for an early-ish dinner and sat at the bar.
While it is on the tail end of the crawfish season, they had them and it was something I had been wanting to try.  My wife ordered Pao Shrimp tacos.  I got a pound of crawfish and when they were served, the server/bartender demonstrated how to rip off their heads and get the meat out.  And, NO, I did not suck the heads.  They were great and so were the potatoes and sausage that came also.
My wife loved her tacos and compared them favorably to some we get back home called Bang Bang Shrimp at a place called BoneFish.
The conversation with the server was great and people started coming in in groups.  Seems like a very popular place.
The deduction of a star is the beer selection.  Only one local and that was Abita Amber and the rest was so-so kinds of options.
Nice atmosphere, nice conversation, good service and good food.The girlfriend and I went here for dinner and it was awesome. Our waiter was outstanding. I had the mahi mahi sandwich and my girlfriend had blackened fish tacos. Both delicious. No Tilapia here. Will definitely be back soon.Great local place.  Food was good and drinks better.  Try to get here during Happy Hours.  It gets kinda crazy after w/ the college crowd for some reason.  We lucked out since we stayed across the street.Meh! 
I got here ten minutes before the rest of the group showed up and was wondering what the heck was I doing here. 
Typical bar food that was ok. Beer selection was just ok. 
If it wasn't for the friendly staff it would have been two stars. At least the prices were reasonable. 
Potentially this place could have a good vibe. A little more pride in ownership as in better bathrooms, etc... can go a long way.I've used this place as my "starter" place when bar hopping in Nola for quite a while. It's casual, but usually stays packed. There's an outside area with chairs, but it usually only has standing room. The bartenders are fast (which is essential to a good bar IMO) and drinks are up to par with a typical bar- not restaurant quality, but definitely let's get tipsy and have a stiff drink. If you're looking to avoid the tourist and smells of Bourbon and rather bar hop locally- then go to Lucy's. It's nice filled with nice people and has alcohol. What more could you ask for?When visiting I'll always stop through here. Their fish tacos are fantabulous and I'm a fish taco fanatic! 
Their rice and beans had amazing flavor, and I would eat them everyday if i could! 
Nice ambiance. Has good happy hours too! $3 margaritas!Great spot for breakfast , awesome grits , egg's and meats specials,lot's of choices on the menu,just really good food.I went here late on a Friday night when some of the cast of the "Real" World were there. It was way too crowded and I couldn't move from the door to the bar. While the bartenders and other female customers were nice to look at, it wasn't worth the hassle of the crowd...maybe I'm wrong.Good bar scene, but we had the shrimp and grits and the shrimp were way over cooked making this dish inedible. Maybe we should have stayed with the tacos but we wanted some local flavor.Although Lucy's is one of those places that always seems to be PACKED, it does have it's place.  The food isn't bad at all and the margaritas are awesome.  The place has a good vibe on weekends, and it's a good place to start your night.  As the night goes on, it does get a little nuts and the crowd tends to spill out onto the sidewalk and into the street.
This is a popular "after game" hangout for some of the Saints players, so if you go, you might run into Drew, Darren, or Marques.  I never have, but then again, I've never been to this place after a game.  I can only imagine what a madhouse it is.  
Not necessarily a place I would go out of my way to visit, but I don't hate it when I find myself here.Popped in yesterday for dinner and it was a great choice.  The staff was friendly and the service was speedy.  My partner and crime and I shared a su casa salad with cilantro vinaigrette and it was exactly the nutrients I needed after my love day at the jazzfest.  Had a few  $3 miller lights over my delicious dinner of veggie soft tacos with rice and black beans.  All in all it hit the spot!  This place is awesome, surf movies playing on all the tvs and great music rocking on all the speakers, combine that with the yummy food and friendly service and this place is a cool joint to check out when staying in the big easy!I was in New Orleans with a convention and the team that I was working with decided to hit up Lucy's on Friday night for some dinner. We were seated immediately and it wasn't too crowded. The music selection was varied but enjoyable albeit a little loud.
We were told by a local on our team that we needed to order the Rock-a-mole, which is Lucy's take on guacamole. There isn't any secret ingredient or anything but it was certainly good and being from the Austin/San Antonio area I know my guacamole. 
We also shared the serious nachos which were good but the cheese had cooled too much before we really got into eating them so it was hard to break apart and you often ended up with chip and not much (if any) cheese.
I ordered the Lucy, Ricky, Fred and Ethel special which basically was fajitas and all the fixins and it was just okay. I paid extra and got the shrimp since I hardly am close enough to the gulf to get fresh shrimp but these weren't all that fresh and not all that tasty. (Maybe they had to ship them in with the oil spill taking away a lot of the fishing/shrimping business). I also thought that the shrimp would be in addition to the steak and chicken. It might have just been my misreading the menu but the way it was worded it was unclear.
Service is what really holds this place back though. It was not all that crowded since we were eating early so there really wasn't much reason for my drink glass to be empty for most of the night. Now that I'm thinking about it I don't think anyone even checked up on us to see if everything came out and tasted all right. 
The food is decent but nothing special, the prices reasonable, but the service really keeps Lucy's from being a restaurant I'd recommend to othersGreat people work there and they pour heavy!  The last time someone poured me a whiskey like that was an hour after someone else tried to murder me. 
Holy hell they need a new short order cook!   
I could do better blind drunk in the dark.   
Had a extremely crappy expensive burger, ordered it medium, came a year past well done, bread 30 minutes to being stale.  
I honestly can't remember the last time I was shocked at a burger being so bad. 
Ground beef nachos were a soggy, flavorless, mess. 
There is just no reason to serve such carelessly prepared food!    It's only shitty bar food because they have a shitty cook, it could be respectable bar food with the same ingredients. 
Again, great people!  
Come for a drink and do yourself a big favor, don't order any food.Both the Cali burger and the valley girl are fresh and clean options.  Love the food here!A fun friendly experienced staff that will be sure to add to your experience while in New Orleans! Drinks are full of flavor (if you know what I mean). Bloody Mary's are the perfect way to start your day and a bikini Bellini can end your day. While you're there  order anything from the menu! It's all good!! Thank you Gov for making this trip to new Orleans so much fun!!! See ya next year!Delicious! I had the fried shrimp salad & my husband ordered the nachos, both were outstanding!We went for breakfast, so we missed the meat market aspect of it all. Huge portions and a taste of home (Los Angeles) with huevos rancheros, breakfast burritos, etc. The prices were reasonable, the food was good, the bloody marys were GREAT and a great deal at $4 a pop!
This truly is like the typical surfer bar  - lots and lots of grinds to fill your tummy after a long morning riding waves.This place is really cute. I was a bit skeptical at first because you don't see too many surfer shack themed restaurants in the big easy...in fact you don't see any. But hey this is post Katrina so anything is to be expected. 
This place definitely did not disappoint. The Shrimp Po'Boy was surprisingly authentic and the crabcakes were perfect! Very fresh. No frozen, red lobsteresque seafood here.
The place was clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful. You can eat inside or at one of the cute tables outside. Full bar, laid back atmosphere. This place is a gem! I will be back.Food is great, but not brunch. We ate here 2 different days during our visit. We went on a Sunday forgetting they do a brunch menu. We had gone on another Sunday (previous trip) and they did fish tacos for us anyway, but this particular Sunday they said 'no can do.' So we ordered off the brunch menu and it wasn't very good. Went back the next day and got the fish tacos and some enchiladas and both were fantastic! My recommendation for the enchiladas is to eat the beef/red sauce first as the beef is sketchy. Then eat the chicken/verde sauce (yum!) and then the shrimp...awesome. And you can't go wrong with the fish tacos. You just can't get too many of them if you are a fish taco fan.The bloom is off the rose at Lucy's. I got the fiesta burger again since I was so impressed by it last time. This time, the patties seemed to be steamed or microwaved...they had an odd, shiny, smooth sheen to them and had none of the char that you get from cooking on a griddle or grill. They also had that ultra perfect, uniform shape like those boxed Walmart burgers. I asked the waitress if they were cooking the burger differently and she said no. I asked if the meat was different because it tasted like a pre-fab burger and she said it was definitely hand-shaped. I'm skeptical about that claim. Only ate 1/4 of it. They did not meet my expectations this time.Amazing Hamburgers for only $8!!!!  And the bar tender was very nice. The music was good, too bad it was cold outside because their sitting area is pretty nice.Drinks aren't notably cheap compared to other places in the area, but the tacos are good and the vibe is fun. The staff are very attentive and the music is good!We went to Lucy's to view the Orpheus parade Feb 12, 2018, at Mardi Gras.  It was $75 per person to access the upper floor and the parade balcony, to include a buffet.  The room was fine, and the balcony view was fine, but the food was terrible.  Everything fried and then thrown in a chaffing pan, which is a great way to turn fried food into mush.  The food was bland and mostly cool to cold. The fish was super-fishy tasting and mushy.  The muffaleta sandwiches were stale.  The tortilla chips were under a heating lamp, but were stale, and the salsa bland and watery.  The drink prices were high ($6 for a beer).  Overall, I thought it was a very poor bargain, and would not recommend this venue for Mardi Gras parade watching to anyone.  I understand that Mardi Gras is a good time for local businesses to make money, but it would be nice if they tried to reciprocate high prices with really good service.  Lucy's fell far short on this day.Staff was so nice. Food was really good. Atmosphere was incredible. Went back the next day and it was still amazing. Highly recommend.An alright bar for when i am hanging out in the CBD. Nothing I would ever go out my way for. And I would also only go earlier - I completely agree with  Jessica R that it turns into the Boot for adults if you stay too long.Unfortunately, I couldn't imbibe when I visited Lucy's, but I did get to enjoy the fish tacos. I arrived at 2pm to find brunch in full swing. My server was kind enough to ask the chef if he would prepare some fish tacos, even though they weren't serving dinner. After enjoying some chips and salsa, my blackened mahi tacos arrived. Like most of the food I have had in NOLA, everything was on point. The ingredients we'd fresh, and they even had corn tortillas available.  Fun atmosphere, good food, good service.Came here last night with a group of 15 on Taco Tuesday, which I know is a lot!  Rachel the waitress was very calm, pleasant, attentive and accommodating.  All I wanted to mention was I ordered the steak tacos plain...I told her no need for tortilla she said they have too.  Well, that's a waste of food and money.  The steak was iced cold like it had been sitting out all day.  Seasoning was OK a little salty and very tough.  Apparently, I wasn't the only one that had this problem with the steak tacos.  Seems the beef and chicken were hot which is annoying the beef tacos are $1 and the chicken $2 the steak are $3 the most expensive.  I am not complaining about money just saying timing needs to be better.  We all had separate checks which was very nice.  I will go back to try again.  Great ambiance.  We had a great time with great friends.Ordering the shark attack was one of the funniest things I have seen.  I won't give it away because it wouldn't be funny if I told you what happens if you ever got one yourself.  Try it.After waiting about 15 minutes the bartender came over and apologized for the waitress not even saying hello yet and brought us drinks. 
30 minutes in the waitress came over for the first time. 
40 minutes later, after me waiving at her - which she acknowledged but would not come to the table, and watching her sitting on another patron's lap while he stuck his hand up her shorts (he was obviously a regular or employee, went in the kitchen and helped himself) - she informed us that she didn't remember our table ordering food.
NOLA does not have high service standards... but this was ridiculous. 
I can only assume by the bartender's reaction at least he has higher standards, and maybe this girl was new and not trained....?What a great place!  My 6 year old had fallen asleep as I drove around looking for a place to grab something quick.  I stumbled upon Lucy's and struck gold.  My son awoke as I placed him in the seat, and he was a little cranky and started to cry.  The guy behind the bar quickly grabbed a plastic shark and handed to my son and that made him stop crying instantly.  Tuesday night was $1.00 taco night and it was perfect as I brought back enough tacos for 8 people to sit and eat by the hotel pool.Hung over after a long night on Bourbon street me and two buddies were looking for brunch. 
The atmosphere is very laid back and we were greeted by every staff member that passed us by. 
The burger and salad were great. Add in a Mimosa and some coffee and we were ready to go!Discovered Lucy's after learning that my teenage kids couldn't eat at the Harrah's Buffet because it was inside the casino. Anyway, we found Lucy's on Yelp and made the short walk over to find a hip little bar/restaurant with a margaritaville vibe. A narrow two-sided bar divides the restaurant, and bright colors and surf décor bring a coastal feeling. Our server couldn't have been better, and the food far exceeded our expectations. I had a Mahi sandwich that was as good a fish sandwich as I've ever had, and the table ordered BBQ Chicken Quesadillas and Shrimp and Grits. The quesadillas were smoky and tender, good bbq and cheesy flavor. The Shrimp and Grits must have been good - because I didn't get to try it - and they also have monthly specialty bread pudding. The special while we were there was Mint Chocolate Chip   which was decadent! The slices were HUGE, full of chocolate chips and drizzled with a mint glaze and topped with whipped cream. One slice can serve 3!  We really enjoyed everything about it.Coconut margarita is delicious. We had a variety of foods and everyone was happy with their meals. The nacho appetizer is a very large serving and can be shared for sure. Very casual feel and the pictures on the walls are fun to look at.This was within walking distance of our hotel.  Great place with strong drinks.  A more chill atmosphere than anything along bourbon st.   Loved the shark attack!Let me start by saying that I like Lucy's for the food, not the bar. I have hung out in the bar waiting for my table, but never I have I been just to have a drink. But, I would like to note that they have killer margaritas. 
The food is good for what it is. I have only had a few thing on the menu, but I enjoyed them. The turkey burger and fries were awesome! Put avocado on anything and I'm a fan. and the fries were perfect; hot and crunchy. They also have a really great wrap that my girlfriend always gets. 
One other thing that I like is that its dog friendly. I have yet to take my dog, but I hear the servers are very nice to four legged friends. Bowls of water and even dog hamburgers! 
When the weather gets warmer I will take the dog and check out the patio.Awesome restaurant with great atmosphere service and food!  
I liked  the music because it was not just jazz.  
Highly recommend!!The food was fantastic! Great queso and chips. The chips were fresh. This is not your typical tasting queso. (And I liked it a lot!) I enjoyed the avocado fritas. The chipotle sauce was tasty on the fritas. The batter was tempura. Very good. 
This is one of the best Cobb salads that I've had! Amazing portion size. It was fresh and crispy. I wanted more eggs though on my salad. Great crispy bacon and yummy cheese.The manager was too busy trying to make out with our server to actually serve us. So horrible. Used to be a great place. Not anymore.This is not a fancy place but that's ok. It's a fun and friendly bar with great food. Unlike the places up on Bourbon Street the prices here are good and the clientele well behaved. It had the feel of a neighborhood place and not a tourist trap.Loving the renovations. Awesome place to stop in and get some good food and great drinks.  Side note I have way to many whales haaaThere's a reason they've got a low rating....don't waste your time. Everyone at my table got their order except me. The waitress was not one bit remorseful and said my food would be, "two seconds" which really meant 20 minutes. The entire  table was done with their meals before mine came out, I got it to-go. My sandwich was mediocre and totally not worth the wait.Good azz breakfast... Awesome place. A most place to top and eat! Drinks and food are off the chain.This was easily the worst meal I had in New Orleans. I really wouldn't recommend going.
My friend and I went for lunch because I thought I could order some vegetarian option but it turns out that on Sundays they have a different menu. I was still able to order the veggie tacos. 
We got the mango salsa to start but it was pretty bland. Like mango in a thick syrup. 
She got the veggie quesadilla and I think enjoyed it but, well, it's a veggie quesadilla.
Theeeeeeeeeen my tacos.  I am fairly certain I mentioned to the waitress that I'm vegan so no cheese, dairy, etc.   She even asked my friend, "but you want cheese on yours, right?" so she did hear me. Maybe she doesn't know what vegan? But the tacos came out, with cheese, so I asked they be sent back but when I asked the other waitress seemed really confused. Eventually she took them back and brought out new tacos. The veggies were plain: zucchini, mushroom, onion and they were cooked in about 14lbs of butter and oil. I tasted the butter immediately.  Uggggh.
On the plus side, the man who seated us was very nice.  The restaurant/bar seemed like a fun place to be if you're drunk and want to get trashy and stumble around. It'd be a good place for that. 
Be sure to order the scorpion shot!This is a great little hangout.  We were there for a conference, and the place was packed inside and out but the staff handled it like pros. The chicken is amazing and a must try.While i always felt beyond overdressed here, as everyone looks like they're in their pajamas, i still love this place.  As someone who loves frozen drinks, they have an awesome drink menu, the food always looked awesome too, and the laid back surfer theme is cute (although, as mentioned, super casual).  Either way, always busy on weekends, and good drinks!Friendly staff and tasty cocktails. $1 tacos on Tuesday's and $3 beer. Cobb salad was pretty amazing.My experience here went pretty well. It was 10:30/11ish and PACKED, yet we got a table immediately. Our server was really attentive and friendly. Her name was Sarah. The food was great and the prices were too. Overall I was happy with my first time here. I left full and ready for the drive back to BR. I would definitely come back.Burgers were awesome.  I added bacon and guacamole to mine and it was delicious. Beer was ice cold. Our server was really on top of her game and had beers on our table right as we finished the previous one. 
I'll definitely return next time I'm in town for a quick meal.We liked this spot so much we came back the next morning for brunch before heading to the fairgrounds for jazz fest.  The bloody mary's were delicious flavorful but not to spicy.  They came with a variety of pickled things like olives, pepperoncinis, and beans and I was very amused but the tiny tchotchkes they decorated the drinks with, like monkeys, surfboards, & mermaids.  I keep my brunch light and had a side of homefries and english muffin and that hit the spot.  My partner in crime went for the the traditional 2 eggs, bacon, homefries and toast and had nothing but positive things to say.  
Again, we had a great time, the service was speedy and everyone was friendly and attentive.  It was a great way to start our very long day of music and fun under the wonderful new orleans sun!We had a Cobb salad which was done really well. Chicken fingers for one child who is our resident expert on them and they were declared awesome. Would definitely go again!I went here, I want to say, four times. A couple of times just for beers and once for lunch and once for an evening meal. Good staff, good food, reasonable prices on the beer, a good atmosphere and a less touristed part of the world.  I had the Cabo Shrimp and Grits and it was one of the first times I've really liked grits which always just seemed to be soggy grains; an excellent meal. The Pao Pao Shrimp Poboy was nice.
There's a couple of areas to it, a surfer bar out the back. That kind of thing.
If you are looking for something in the area after a visit to the WW2 museum or the oddly unpolitical civil war museum or if you are willing to walk from the convention centre then this would be a great choice.Cool little bar for watching the broncos/falcons game.  Plenty of TVs and they projected the game on the exterior wall of the building across the street.
My burger was good.  Beer was cheap but none are draft.  Servers are friendly.
If im ever back NOLA and there s a good game on, id go back.If you sit at the booth with the outlet you must have a scorpion shot---says the host man. 
Luckily Ines is vegan and won't eat anything animal derived, and I just won't eat scorpions. We requested a specific booth as my phone was shot and being from out of town I needed my maps and mobile yelp!
I do appreciate that literally everywhere around here serves alcohol also. 
I ventured to Lucy's from the french quarter and had been walking most of the am, I was happy to give my feet a rest. Lucy's is cute and the servers were all super nice. We sat down and browsed the menu, it was very basic. Ines had seen a different menu online that had some veggie options that were not present on this menu. We asked the server if they had a different menu, if perhaps we were in between times. She told us something about a different menu but didn't seem to have one available or something, I don't really remember but she said they'd be happy to make her veggie tacos which was what she wanted. She asked for no cheese or sour cream. I was between a wrap or a quesadilla, decided to fat it up and have the block of cheese between 2 tortillas, veggie as well (cuz that helps), and I would take all the sides etc. 
Our food took a little bit to come out considering we basically  had the same meal, and fairly simple. When it did come out her tacos had cheese all over them. Our servers kept changing so we talked to 2 or 3 different people through all of this, but they were gracious about it and had the kitchen remake her food. She was fairly certain the veggies had been sauteed in butter but at that point wasn't going to send the food back again. 
Overall, it was a cute lunch spot. The food was decent, the service was good. I wasn't overly impressed by the options available with this menu but I'd say if you're looking for a low-key meal you'd prob be happy.Really great place to eat in the CBD. Gotta get a Juicy Lucy! The servers are very friendly and accommodating. A fun restaurant.Stopped in for a drink and appetizers with some friends. Its hard to stand out in a place like NOLA but the staff was so amazingly friendly, the service great, the bloody marys had those pickled string beans I love and the atmosphere was total fun.Okay, so maybe I wan't so fair the first time I reviewed this place. I've been here maybe a handful of times, mostly for football games and some big events and I think that for this reason I haven't enjoyed myself here as much as I'd liked because it's always been packed. Honestly, I've always had a decent time here. I like the fact that there's a little courtyard and there's a little room to get your dance on. 
I still think, and many agree, that the parking is a bit of an issue. But I've had my lucky nights when I've found parking on Camp, just a few blocks away. It's kind of hit or miss with the parking. 
It's definitely worth checking out, if you get a chance. You'll most likely have a good time. And if you don't, just walk around the area and you'll find a few other good bars that aren't too far away.Don't bother going. Wouldn't know how the food or drink is. After being seated for well over 30 minutes we were never acknowledged by anyone other than someone to bus the table. We walked  across the street to Legacy Kitchen for better service.A fantastic bar/restaurant. Ariel gave my friends and I a wonderful New Orleans experience. This place is awesome! Food is great! Service even better!  Can't beat the prices. I highly recommend this place.We had seen it hopping for a few nights and decided to give it a try.  It has a local feel and the food was decent.  The drinks packed a powerful punch.  Dinner for the 3 of us, with 3 drinks each came to $90 which for NOLA is decent.  Sat outside, received tips from locals on other non tourist trap places in the area.  A Mex-Cali blend of foods and a fun local vibe which in a tourist town in the heart of the convention area is hard to do.  Might not come back but was worth the stop!  :)Lucy's is a place you would go to if you needed to sober up on a drunken night. This is most definitely not a place to sit down while still sober. The food is horrible. I ordered a burger medium. It came out well done and super greasy. The cooks in the back does not read the tickets properly. Two plates had to be sent back. The enchiladas were disgusting. The waitress had a disappearing magic act, but she did reappear to inform us the mistakes were not her fault. After serving tables for years, I know to check my orders before they go to the table. The only thing this place has going for it is probably the location. If you want to walk a few blocks from your hotel you can find much better places to eat and have drinks. For enchiladas and fish tacos cravings, superior grill on st. Charles is the best bet and they have Awesome drinks.I would skip Lucy's all together and explore what New Orleans really have to offer.We got lucky and found this place after driving past it on our way to Harras. This was our first stop after checking into the hotel. We hung out for a couple hours. It had a nice little vibe, fresh boiled crawfish were available that day, NOM!! If  I remember right it was $5 a lb which what I understand is cheap before good friday!! They make the 2nd best bloody mary ($4) I have ever had next to my own. It'll be a must stop every time we're back in town. The only down side is our waitress was a little slow for it not being very busy, every one hates waiting and I'm sure she was busy some where. BUt when you are head deep in crawfish and ready for another beer, you want it before the first one is done, right?The service and beer selection was great! The staff was super friendly and my friends and I had a great time hanging out at the bar. The menu looks amazing, but we just came in for drinks. I would have loved to try the Chili Con Queso with Crawfish, or Nachos w/ fried oysters.Grey service, fast food and awesome prices. Happy hour boasts good drinks and a chill evening. We had the queso, juicy Lucy burger and pulled pork sliders. Definitely a must for out of town guests looking to have a cheap meal in the heart of NOLA.I just love this place. Great atmosphere. The Quesadilla Burger is off the wall. My wife loves the fish tacos.Love love love. Ariel was the cutest waitress :) Had the fishbowl, scorpion shot, and worm shot. The place is a really fun hot spot at night.Stopped in to watch a game with a friend and the place smelled like hot wings. Trust me I was not complaining it smelled delicious. Although I didn't have anything to eat, sat at the bar and drank a bourbon. Reasonable priced drinks here for sure And plenty of TVs to watch football. Wish I had something to eat so I could of had more to write about. But the atmosphere here is really chill and laid back and if that's what you are in the mood for and in the area I would recommend Lucy's.The bar/restaurant is cute in that kitschy sort of way. The menu is pretty varied, but we just wanted a snack. We shared the nachos, the quesadillas, and the chips and salsa. 
However, all of this was for naught because of the server. She had attitude written all over her. We sat outside and waited 10 min for a server. I finally asked another server and she had to flag down ours. When we ordered drinks, my fiance asked what kind of beer they had (it was next to impossible to get a drink menu). She told him it was just better if he told her what he wanted. He asked for an IPA. She didn't know what that was until I explained. (They didn't have it.) He asked for a non-wheat beer. She didn't know what that was. (See a pattern?) The she copped an attitude and asked why he couldn't just order a normal beer. (He got an iced tea, as it seemed less difficult.)
If the server didn't suck so bad, this place would have been great for a low-key afternoon visit. But I am sure there are other bars in the area that are better.Hell yes! If you're thinking about it,  the answer is yes! I got the nachos and didn't even make it through half. Amazing food, terrific server. We were there on a Sunday evening and it wasn't busy at all. But on Friday and Saturday it's packed.Best place in New Orleans due to the people and food. I travel through for work from time to time and have been to Lucy's multiple times. I made the mistake this past time not to go there but to just order UberEats. Long story short my food never showed up but Jordan the General Manager was amazing and made me a new order free of charge. It wasn't their fault with the food, the driver decided they wanted my food more than me. I went and grabbed the food myself the second time I ordered. Amanda is another great person along with all the rest of the people that work there that I didn't get to meet personally. Truly a great atmosphere. Every time I'm in town for work or vacation I'm going to Lucy's.  Thanks again to the staff for the hospitality. 10 stars if I could.Great bar with a non tourist trap feel. We had the nachos and chicken skewers which were really good accompanied by cold beers. Service was good. Def make this one of ur stops!We started everyday at Lucy's!! Best bloodies on the planet. Great bartenders and excellent food. Highly recommend the Juicy Lucy and demand u try the fried avocado - u won't be disappointed. Can't wait to visit the Key West location next.Went here for a quick bite. It was busy, as they were hosting a block party. Food was excellent,  and service attentive. It is loud, but I was still able to talk with my wife. Good place for a casual meal. And an excellent value.Very relaxed bar atmosphere that a lot of younger people seemed to hang out on a Saturday. They had novelty drinks and a full bar. Got a tuna salad that was OUT OF THIS WORLD!!! Absolutely delicious ....We had a really good meal. The food was great and the service was good. Was a little loud when we first entered but we walked threw to the back and it was a lot better. Drinks were good and the food was even better. Will be going back.We tried this place for the first time.. the food was awesome & the cocktails were on point but Clark was the highlight of the day. He was very friendly & funny, my wife even used the word charming! Go see Clark if you are ever visiting New Orleans!!Having been a regular here (At least once a week) I wanted to be able to give this place 5 stars!
Lets start off with all the good. If you want to experience a little taste of Southern California drop in and check this place out. Not to mention if you have a friendly pup, your furry friend can sit right next to you eating dishes off of the dog menu... Yes, you heard that right. A city that is far from dog friendly, having a restaurant like this is gold!
Guacamole is delicious, chips are fresh, and burritos are worth trying. But beware, entrees are not consistent, know what you are ordering because the menu is not clear, and be prepared to wait a very long time.Lucy's seemed really fun until I brought my out of state id . They insisted it was fake and beraded me as well as everyone in my party. Had to go home and get my passport to get my id back. Extremely disappointed. They wouldn't even look at my teacher Id (and I teach 1st grade) on teacher appreciation week. Management should have a talk about customer service with the manager between 10-12pm on may 11th because he was super rude. Next manager was much nicer. Disappointed.Luke is the hardest working bar back there is! Amazing scorpion shots with a shirt! So friendly! Da Killer Blue Whale is a little sweet, but you get souvenirs!For some reason I alway think of the movie, "Cocktail" in reference to Lucy's.  Great place to mix n' mingle, like you would on a beach...Great vibe. Nice bartenders - don't waste your time in the quarter. This place has great drinks and good food.What an excellent happy hour! I sat at the bar, sipped on a $5 margaritas, and shared chips, salsa, and crawfish queso with a friend. This is a colorful spot with fun bartenders, cheap (&delicious) food, and a lively atmosphere... All of course with that wonderful laid back NOLA vibe.  Win.Stopped in this place for a quick lunch before heading to the airport to catch our flight home. It's a nice place with a great relaxed beach vibe. The menu had a little bit of everything. Got the chicken sandwich and it was delicious!I walked up to the bar, the bartender was serving a group that had been there before me....I was patiently waiting.  A guy walked up and stood next to me to my left.   After the bartender served the group she looked at the guy - he immediately let her know I was there before at which I repeated the same thing.  She looked at me and said "it doesn't matter I only serve left to right" baffled I told her again "but I was her first and have been waiting"   She dismissed me and again looked at the guy and asked him what he wanted.  He looked at me again and I looked at him as to say "what are you going to do?" I have never in all of my life heard someone in service say they will only serve in a certain direction regardless of how long I had been standing there....makes no sense!!!!! He proceeded to order....all I could do is stand there in disbelief taking it all in.   After she took his order she then asked me what I wanted.  Truly disappointed and sad about what just happened all I could do is leave- there was no way I was going to order at that point.  I never want to make things about race but let's be clear I am a black woman and standing next to me was a blonde blue eyed man...that's is truly the case.  It's sad that in 2018 that we still have to deal with so many race issues.  You would think in a place like NOLA and during Mardi Gras that  these things should not occur.  I walked out literally in tears.  I did snap a quick pic of her but doesn't look like I can post her pic. ......sad sad sad...never again!The meals here are amazing. I've tried all of the omelets and was always above satisfied. Best breakfast in the city hands down. Get here extra early near opening for shorter wait times.Ok so I haven't even eaten yet but feel compelled to say something based on my experience just trying to find a place to chill.  After not feeling welcomed at all at Barcadia- my husband and I walked down the street to Lucy's.  We were greeted immediately when we walked in even though the staff was across the room (first plus). The waitress immediately came to us and seated us. I got the happy hour margarita and my husband got the Tito's lemonade. Both are delicious and our pork sliders and beef tacos just came out - hot, and tasty!   Will recommend to the other conventioneers we are here with.I have only had the desserts there and the flan is FLANTASTIC! Custard rich without the weird sugar syrup most flans excrete and no rubbery texture. I wanted to kiss the chef after we ate it. 
The Key Lime Martini was okay. The key lime custard is delicious but the graham cracker like sandy bottom of the martini glass just didn't stand out for me. The Tres Leches Chocolate Cake is not very Tres Leches like, but more like a sponge of chocolate without a lot of moisture. 
Overall atmosphere is friendly, busy but the staff is very attentive and fun. I will be back for drinks and tacos. If anything they have my heart forever so long as they keep making that AMAZING FLAN.2nd time there. Won't be back. Good cold. Service not good. Check completely messed up and attitudes not good. A shame.I'm giving them four stars because I can't do three and a half as they were blissfully smoke free on the inside.  Went in today at about 1 p.m. and was disappointed to find that they were only doing a limited brunch menu until 3.  I ended up having the mingas, which were scrambled eggs with queso and a side of rice, which was really nothing special.  The rice (and beans on the menu as well) are vegetarian and the tortillas seemed to be house made.  The mingas were yummy and I also tried their chips and salsa.  There were three options for salsa and I asked which would be the spiciest.  The server suggested the roasted tomato salsa.  It was spicy but otherwise unflavorful and totally not worth the four bucks.  Drink prices seemed to be average and some sounded good.  I might go back for something other than brunch and perhaps to try a drink, as the atmosphere seemed pretty coolio but I will definitely avoid the salsas.Lucy's is a great way to start your Saturday!  Spicy Bloody Mary with a mermaid is perfect.  Absolutely delicious.  My wife had a screwdriver and we split breakfast.  Eggs were good and so were the grilled tomatoes.  Service was outstanding.  Fun atmosphere!We wandered in for a drink at the bar but were seated in the restaurant which was nothing memorable until Staci recommended the spectacular Key Lime-tini. My amigas said their drinks were delish, too. 
Lucy's has made the list of go-tos for our next trip to NOLA.We came with a group of 27 (students and adults) for an educational trip to New Orleans and the staff at Lucy's bent over backwards to make us feel at home and to take care of us!!
(The Pao Pao shrimp was phenomenal!!)
They made sure we were taken care of the NEXT day too! Their breakfast was delicious and the pancakes were perfection!!
We are SO thankful for all they did to help make our trip one to remember!!This place is awesome! The food is reasonably priced, and delicious too! I ordered the bacon and Brie chicken sandwich, and my friend ordered the Cobb salad, and we were not disappointed. The guac and queso we ordered was also very good (loved the pepitas in the guac, not something you see very often...). The staff was extremely friendly, and the service was speedy to boot. If you're looking for a casual joint with options that are sure to please everyone in your party, Lucy's is it!Great ambience, great service and great food. What else do you need? Very chill and laid back bar. Went there to watch some soccer and had great food, good drinks and awesome service. Hopefully you get to meet the bartender Anna. She is super fun and makes you feel right at homeI had a raunchy salad here 2 years ago, so I wasn't eager to return. But the place we wanted to eat lunch at was closed, so we settled for Lucy's. Everything was correct! I had the fiesta burger, which is a hamburger on a tortilla. It was delicious. The patties were thin just like I like them. It had jalapeno, pico de gallo, cheese, and lettuce. I asked for a side of jalapeno ranch to put on it. It complemented the burger so much, that Lucy's ought to think of automatically adding that as part of the dish.
The french fries were okay, nothing to write home about. Service was great. The floor was kind of gross and sticky and I could smell that dirty mop bucket smell from where we were sitting. 
Still felt like I got my money's worth!We were in town from Chicago and staying at the hotel across the street. Decided to have a drink at Lucy's before bed. Best decision ever!! Our bartender Dee was amazing. Not many people can convince me to have a Bloody Mary. Let alone one on a Monday at 11pm. It was unreal. They use this vodka that's been infused with all these yummy veggies and cilantro. So good! Would absolutely recommend that Bloody Mary to anyone I know heading to New Orleans!Stopped in at night for a quick drink and were pleasantly surprised. What a fun place. Drinks were great and plentiful. But best of all the Key Lime-tini was out of this world. I'm going back for sure.Love this bar and the staff. It's a fun place to meet locals and wet your whistle.  Visited there quite a few times on our last trip and so glad we found it and we loved it. I will have to say unless you're a cute young man, there is this one girl that takes her sweet time getting to you but that was only one experience.My husband and I stayed with a friend who literally lives across the street from this place on our trip to New Orleans. This place has a laid back, neighborhood feel to it.  It seems to get a college crowd on the weekends, but overall I think this place is awesome. 
We arrived late at night and stopped here for dinner.  Although the bar was packed, we were seated quickly and the food was quite good. 
The "chips" on the appetizer menu are actually pieces of friend catfish - who knew?! The breading is seasoned and the tartar sauce has a unique flavor to it. Definitely our favorite part of the meal.
Later on in the week, we stopped by with our dog during their Yappy Hour (every Thursday from 5-7pm). The dogs are allowed into the bar, are served cold water, and have a choice from their very own menu!  I loved the $2 Abitas and Cashew loved the $2 burgers.I went to Lucy's for a girls brunch. We ordered bottomless mimosas and bloody Marys. 
My only complaint was after my first mimosa I decided It was too sweet. I tried to order bloody Marys for the duration of my meal but was denied. I don't really understand the reasoning, it was the same price. In any event I still think It deserves 5 stars for the food quality and atmosphere. 
I ate the crab cake Benedict and It was perfect. All my friends enjoyed their meals as well. 
It's a cute, fun, little joint and I will be going back again.Fish taco's are pretty good. A few other items I've had are mediocre. Atmosphere is sort of Chuck e Cheesy but filled with adults. Crowded with yuppies on weekend nights. Not bad for a drink and a snack.This is an identity crisis of a restaurant, where nothing there is really good, including the $5 price on beers.  
My party of six visited on Sunday night, and the service was horrible.  They were out of mango salsa, as well as one or two other items we tried to order.
The black beans take the cake as the worst black beans I have ever had in my entire life.  I thought the Tex-Mex food in Philly was bad, but Lucy's officially lowered the bar.  
The top shelf margaritas are terrible and overpriced ($30/pitcher).
It took the waitress longer to clear our plates off the table than it took the cooks to prepare food for 6 people.  And lastly the waitress tried to charge us for the mango salsa that they didn't even have in stock.
Do yourself a favor and avoid this restaurant as New Orleans has some real talent....just not Lucy'sEh... it's okay. Location is a little inconvenient for me. Parking is an issue. I hardly ever think about coming here.I just ate at Lucy's and decided to write a review as soon as possible. My experience here was unlike any I've had living here in New Orleans and I will never go back! The servers were completely rude and let us sit at a table for a long time before we had to finally ask for menus(there was only one other table occupied!). The bartender rolled her eyes but brought them over and mentioned there were $3 margaritas since it was happy hour. We ordered these and our food quickly since we were worried we would get ignored if we didn't order asap. The food was mediocre at best....my friend was unimpressed with her portabella sandwich which had only a sliver of mushroom in it.  The greatest part of our meal was when we got the bill, they charged us 4 bucks each for our 'ritas which we only ordered because we were told they were 3 each. After kindly bringing this to our dense waitress' attention she blamed it on the computer being crazy. She came back a minute later saying she figured out the problem and did we still want her to change the prices on the bill? No, please charge us more for happy hour drinks, we love paying more than we're supposed to! She changed the bill finally, but I still wanted to throw my drink across the room. I rarely get this frustrated with service! Save yourself the trouble!!My experience at Lucy's was the worse dining experience I have ever had. The staff was short, rude, and made it no secret that their service and attitude was working as a declining ratio to the amount if time left in their shift. The chips and salsa we ordered as an appetizer were nothing short of disappointing. It was obvious that the stale chips had been sitting out for an extended period of time. Our waitress ignored our table for the most part, frequently leaving our glasses empty. I first ordered a turkey burger and my boyfriend ordered a specialty burger. The food came out within a reasonable amount of time but it quickly became obvious why. My side salad had been ordered with caesar dressing but arrived with what appeared to be expired ranch. My turkey burger was under cooked and devoid of taste. It could have been thought that I ordered soggy, half frozen, half raw cardboard from what appeared on my plate. I have worked in the service industry an am not quick to complain but I felt sick to my stomach after the first bite, and calmly sent it back ordering a burger and requesting the correct dressing. I ordered my burger well done and the waitress repeated the order back to me. Shortly after I received a burger that was pink completely through out and a duplicate of the apparently expired dressing. At this point, upset with the quality of food and rude interactions with the staff, I excused myself to the car while my boyfriend spoke with management. After asking the waitress to speak with management he was first met by a rude cook who demanded to know why the food was being sent back again. My boyfriend calmly explained that the food was undercooked to which the cook replied that it was well done and swiftly removed the pink evidence from the table and rushed back to the kitchen before management appeared. The manager did comp our food for free but seemed unnerved by the quality of the food excusing it by the time (it was 11pm) New Orleans is a city that stays up late. It is inexcusable that the food would be so unattended and the staff would be so rude simply because it's a later hour. I did really enjoy the atmosphere of the building it's self and though we didn't order drinks, the specialty menu was appealing. It's a disappointment the food and staff left us so unsatisfied. The experience was a complete disappointment and waste of time.I wasn't impressed with this place. My friend and I did as the podium instructed and waited to be seated. We got passed up by several people until we grabbed the attention of one girl, megan, who happend to be our waitress. She was nice enough.The menu is decent. Drinks were dropped in a timely fashion. We both ordered something fairly easy. 2 crawfish quesdillas. It took 30 mins for 2 quesdillas to be brought to us. I was about to leave. I was not that busy. Our waitress wasn't that attentive. I won't be back. I can get decent food anywhere in new orleans.Went to Lucy's expecting some good Ole service. Sat at the bar with a menu almost under my nose for five minutes. No one acknowledged me. A young blond bartender/server came to my side looked me in the face she made a drink and walked off without saying boo to me. Another bartender/server never spit in my direction. I left without ordering. Food was smelling good but not good enough for me to stay and beg for it like a stray dog.I've been here twice.  I like the nachos and drinks.  There's a blue drink that comes witha  huge whale (not sure of the name of it) that's pretty good.  I'm not big on their burgers here.  Pretty crowded on the weekends.This was down the street from my hotel, and I came in for lunch. I got the burger, which was fine except it was overcooked for my taste (I asked for rare, it was more like medium). The highlight was the fries, they were damn good fries-- perfect cut, and nice and cripsy! Excellent service too, the food came out really fast.One word.....gross!  Not sure how they can serve food.  It's disgusting.  I once had the steak fajitas and low and behold there was a damn twist tie in the food.  Yes I said twist tie like for closing a loaf of bread.  I told the manager and he said "oh I know where that came from.  Can I get you something else. Sorry.". Yes you can get me something else, how about bleach for my mouth.  The bartenders are usually cool, reason why they get one star.A fantastic gem! We happened up on this place walking in New Orleans. The atmosphere was electric. The service was exceptional and the food was amazing. This place is a must!  We had the fish tacos and pao pao shrimp tacos. Both were fresh and tasty!When Lucy's is crowded/standing room only at the bar, it exhausts me.  When Lucy's is more mellow and I can get a seat at the bar, I love it!
I had the pleasure of hanging out at their bar on July 4th before rolling to a party.  Bartenders Chris and Jenna came on at 4pm for happy hour.  They were both super professional and so much fun!  They gave us chips and salsa to make sure we ate something, and Chris gave us extra toys for our drinks.  Thank you both for the attention you gave us and your awesome smiles!
Even when Lucy's is crowded and freaking me out, I know I can count on all of their bartenders to make sure that I soon have a drink in my hand.  And they do it with style!Went there twice, very friendly and good food. Also you can drink a scorpion...and get a Tshirt saying you did it!Great burger, probably one of the best I've had in town. The service is always friendly and fast. We also love taco Tuesdays!!Eines von den guten Lokalen. Tex-mex mit einer Auswahl von 40 Bieren und nettes Personal.
Hier fühlt man sich gleich willkommen und das Personal ist sehr zuvorkommend, man kann auch draußen sitzen.The shrimp tacos here are by far the best I have ever had. The atmosphere is very laid back and the staff here is always very friendly. The inly reason I did not rate 5 stars is because I think it is a little pricey for the portion size.I have not spent much time here but have found myself walking by every night for the last week and getting a drink for the walk home. bartenders are friendly and prices are good. As most reviews stated its quite a meet market especially on the weekends. i guess I've been around too long for that.Tried this restaurant because it was close to our hotel. Overall, was good but not amazing.
Food ordered:
Chips with queso & crawfish - good
Omelet (mexican?) - okay
Kids ordered kid's fried shrimp & chicken quesadilla - no complaints
Service - okayLucy's is a neighborhood bar for people who live in the warehouse district, work in the CBD or have a trust fund.  It's the place that people either love or are completely indifferent about.  Known for Taco Tuesdays, this is a consistent hangout that can get crowded at night, especially weekends.
This is my go to place to hang with the guys.  It's the place I meet up with my people so they can smoke and drink behind their wives' backs and such.  We talk shit and catch up on life, so I'm pretty biased because I've heard great stories here.
The bartenders are laid back and provide great service.  It's a bit of an institution, so the vibe is always good and the people who frequent Lucy's are usually pretty cool and friendly.  I usually jet once the sun goes down because it gets too crowded.
While there may be mixed reviews, I think this is a great place to kick back with some beers and grab a bite.  The bathrooms are well maintained and the decor makes you long for the beach.  What more do you need on Tchoupitoulas?The best thing about this restaurant is the location.  There were two of us in our party; it was about 7:00 PM when we visited.  
When we arrived, we were offered a table outside.  We went outside, where we found our table with no chairs.  The man who seated us said this would be no problem; he'd be right back with chairs.  A couple minutes went by; then five more and no man or chairs.  Finally one of us went to get our own chairs, at which point a different staff member hastily went to get us some chairs.
We sat down and were greeted by a four panel, plastic covered menu.  After reviewing the selections we chose, but the waitress who had taken our drink orders was nowhere to be found.  After fifteen minutes or so, she reappeared, with the drinks, but without the water we had requested.  She took our orders and this was the last time we'd see the waitress until the very end of the meal.
Surprising me, the food came rather quickly.  I was greatly disappointed when I found that the food had ALL been deep fried.  The order was correct, though; it must have been our selections.
Five minutes after the food appeared, the initial staff member checked on us.
The waitress reappeared well after we had finished and asked us if we wanted any food to take home with us.  We both declined this offer and the dessert offer.  She left to get the check and was gone another fifteen minutes.  When the check finally came, we gave her cash, waiving any change, since it would have probably been another fifteen to twenty minutes wait.
The location was great; near to hotels and fairly close to both the Warehouse district and the French Quarter.  The food was below typical bar fare and the service was lacking.  I don't plan on going back, and honestly, would not advise others to visit.I'm going to say three stars is the average.  Four stars for day drinking and visits...two stars for after the sun goes down.
This, for me, is solely based on the shit show this place becomes at night.  I'm done fighting for a space to hopefully be within shouting distance to get a round.
I'm done having to shout small talk to others in my group who I may not know well.  Conversely, I'm done shouting a good conversation with those that I know well and actually want to talk to..and only hearing 75% of their response.
I think I emerged from the pupae who likes frequenting bars like this at night around 27 years old.
As for day-time...tables outside, local crowd, good servers.Inconsistent. Today, just plain gross. The fajita chicken came from the Tyson kit, unseasoned and barely heated through. The cheese was poured straight from a bag and had that lovely plasticy skin on top. Our drinks took 30 minutes even though we were the only people in the entire back area. The shrimp, while having a great flavor was uncleaned and largely unpeeled. Nothing like a mouthful of shells! Oh, and the blue corn chips on the appetizer were stale. Seriously. Worst fajitas EVER. 
When I asked the waitress why the sudden drop in quality she said that we must have had good food on a night the executive chef was cooking. Make sure you go on that night otherwise you'll get a better meal eating samples at sam's club.Solid bar atmosphere.  Jamaican chix appetizer is excellent.Lucy's is always just "meh, okay," never great, never terrible.  Food is "meh," drinks are "meh," service is "meh."  But with so few options for food late on a Sunday in the Warehouse District, it is nice to have around.There food is bomb. Service is stellar . We tasted everything. And it was awesome. Blue berry bread pudding, cheesy gritsThe new renovations are nice.  One of my favorite places, and you can't beat the chill music vibe on Sundays for brunch.  Food is good and very reasonably priced.  Always a fun time to come here at night.The environment is OK, the drink prices, OK; the food- terrible! There's way better bars around the area, so unless I want to stand outside of a crowded bar to socialize with friends - I don't come hereSo glad I didn't pay attention to the 3.5 stars. Decent bar food and FUN music. Friendly waitress. Last night in town didn't want to deal with the craziness of the French quarter. Oh! The drinks were really good! Would definitely come back!NOTE: I came here 2/09/2013 for Mardi Gras, so I didn't go inside, or actually eat anything, and the place was swarming with tourists like me. So take my review with a grain o' salt.
Great crowd standing around outside in the French Quarter (despite there having been shots fired earlier that night--hooray, Mardi Gras weekend! We DGAF!)
Ordered my obligatory Bloody Marys and Hurricanes from the bar window. Not sure if they didn't have ingredients for other, fancier drinks or if they just weren't making it that night--my friend tried to order an Old Fashioned and they just looked at him incredulously. All in all, came by because my local pals said this was the place to be -- and would only come back for the same reason.This place is fun! It was close to our hotel and a great find. Good food and drinks. Fun environment and I must say, the most genuinely friendly service we received during our visit to New Orleans. Worth checking out.Mexican / Cajun !! Very causal and fun drinks with little mermaid. The ceviche was taste with bell peppers. Chicken bacon sandwich was nice with a light Brie .We had our wedding rehearsal dinner at Lucy's. Full disclosure...the major selling point for us was that we were able to bring our dog! (Because our wedding venue did not allow dogs, it was important to us that she be at the rehearsal dinner.) The upstairs room offered a great private space for our group of 40 dinner guests and included use of the balcony! Britney was great to work with, catering options were affordable and offered something for everyone and staff was friendly. I blindly chose this restaurant based on the previously mentioned qualities. Having never eaten here before, we were pleasantly surprised by the food quality. Everyone enjoyed their meal!Lucy's was our first stop after arriving in New Orleans. The food was great and the staff were friendly. It was a great start to our trip. I would stop by Lucy's again the next time I'm in the Big Easy. 
I had the crawfish enchilada which was their special for that day. We also had the calamari. Both were delicious.I've only eaten here once during lunch and gave grabbed to-go drinks a couple of times. 
Can't say I'm a huge fan of the surfer-themed decor, but it is a varies change of pace from Canjun-Creole everything. 
I had the veggie burrito, minus cheese and sour cream - which I was assured, made it vegan.  The guacamole is dairy-free - so indulge without a care in a world!
As for my veggie burrito - it was waaay salty, like whoahhh hypertension.  However through all the saltiness, I could discern that it was probably a tasty burrito had it not been so heavily salted.  I think the rice was probably over-seasoned that day.  
This place seems pretty bumping during happy hour and the weekend evenings - I've never partaken in all that personally though . . . 
It was nice of the cook and server to veganize the veggie burrito for me, but it was just not really all that great.  Sorry to say, I will not be returning here!This place was a lot of fun! They had free chips & salsa as part of happy hour & $1 Miller High Life's all night long! There's a cool outdoor area for smoking, & the bartender was really nice. I had a catfish poboy that was delicious. I would definitely go back!Cool space/theme/decor, good for saints games, incredibly mediocre for everything else.
Fish tacos are awesome but the server was completely clueless.  We had to tell HER what the happy hour special was...
As for the bar, the music is always way too obnoxiously loud.  If i wanted to listen to top forty til my eardrums bleed, i'll go to the boot, thanks.
Not a bad bar by any stretch but still overrrated.Great spot to hit up for a quick bite and a beer. Shrimp tacos are great and they were also open late with a limited menu for when the late night munchies hit. 
We were staying across the street at the Renaissance Arts and it was perfect to just pop over for a quick beer or a taco when my gf was pissed at me and I needed to escape.Lucy's is fun...
...when you can get in. It can get so packed on Friday nights that it'll take you 20-30 minutes to get a drink. The room upstairs is perfect for private parties though, and when you can come here on a day/time where it isn't packed, it can be a lot of fun. tasty drinks and decent food, hooray!I was here on a business trip. And this place is AWESOME! Great atmosphere and excellent food. So good we went back for another around. Highly recommend this spot.