We have been here twice for brunch and have enjoyed it immensely. Everything we have tried has been delicious, particularly the grits with scallions and sour cream. But the room is always freezing so be sure to bring a sweater!First meal in New Orleans. I had the $15 lunch special, a seafood stew (with oyster meat, crab claws, shrimp, and redfish) that came with a surprisingly thoughtful salad. Yeah, it's weird: I'm not even a fan of seafood and, to be honest, I wasn't even really that hungry. Still, before I knew what I was doing I had wolfed down the entire thing. The spice, consistency, tenderness of the meat -- all was precisely just right. Well worth your while.Service is excellent. Atmosphere is great. The raw bar was fantastic. Those were the best Alaskan crab legs I've had. Well worth splurging for them. 
My friends were drawn in by the awesome looking burger they had, and indeed the burgers were all they hoped for. It came with a generous portion of crispy fries. But if you want anything else besides the $17 burgers, expect to spend over $30 for your entree. While the ambience feels and looks casual, it is fine dining.
Unfortunately, the waiter did sell the shrimp and grits with the additional crab as "heaven in his mouth", but that it was not. I've had better shrimp and grits in Atlanta, and there is no reasonable way you should be paying $30 for shrimp and GRITS. Without the crab, it was still over $20.
But everything else was great. Drinks were delicious. Everything came out pretty quickly. Oh, when we mentioned we were visiting from out of town, the waiter was nice enough to give us a complimentary appetizer of the cool pizza to start. It was great but the name is hard to say or remember. And the rabbit and chicken liver pate was super worth since it comes in a huge mason jar.
I recommend sticking to the drinks, appetizers, and burgers and you'll be a pretty happy camper.This was our second choice after finding out Rio Mar was closed for Mardi Gras week. We had a hell of a time getting here since it was on the other side of the parade from where we were staying.
   Nonetheless, we had a great meal. 
    Service was spot on. Professional but not overbearing or obvious. 
    A little disappointed that they were out of two ingredients for one of their signature cocktails, but it WAS the day before Mardi Gras.
   The bread and butter at the table was excellent. Crunchy outside, soft inside.
   The beets salad was so much better and different from similarly named items at other restaurants. The greens literally tasted like they had been picked from a sun warmed field minutes before.
    G's Choucroute was a meaty fiesta. He loved it. My crab ravioli was lovely with a delicate Meyer lemon sauce. 
    Bread pudding for dessert was just how we like it - sans raisins.
    Truly a memorable meal. Way better than most hotel restaurants.Great oyster happy hours that go on from 5-7pm! My boyfriend and I shared a dozen oysters and a glass of champagne. Our tab was $24 with tip. Great value! I hear they have the best to-go cups in town, and we totally missed out on that. The staff were very nice and attentive. We almost felt too casual but we felt at home! I'd definitely go back :)this place SUCKS. Terrible service and overpriced mediocre food. This is my second time with the same results. I gave them the benefit of the doubt -perhaps having an off night the first time I went, but it was the exact same the second time around. Nothing innovative. They churn tables out and could care less that you are spending upwards of $150 for two. Save this one for the tourists.This place is hip.  Perhaps too hip for many over 35 but if you can tolerate the boisterous and extremely casually attired youth--I haven't worn a suit in 20 years either but even 20 year olds should have something besides skinny jeans and T-shirts with borderline obscene slogans in their closets--the food is worth it and the staff copes well.   
I had a 6:00 reservation (obtained the day before) but the sky seemed threatening a downpour so I came early to avoid it and was seated 20 minutes or so before the appointed time.  I often don't even make reservations and have no trouble getting seated at popular places by being there when they open or, for those open all day, coming before the popular dinner hour, but that didn't work the day before at Lüke.  Even at 4:30 the place was packed so I did make one for the following day.
My meal started with the crispy Brussel Sprouts.  Even if you hate Brussels sprouts (I like them), don't be afraid to try this dish--if no one told you you might not know what you were eating.  They are in some sort of sweet/sour sauce/dressing and fried both slightly blackened and crispy as advertised . . . tossed with almond slices, small bits of jalapeño and sprinkled with shavings of cheese on top.
Then I had pork schnitzel and "pommes frites" (that's shoestring fries to the Galliphobes).  It came with whitish gravy in a pitcher, I suppose to make it "Southern".  The gravy was good but I skipped eating it, doing that the usual way with a squeeze of lemon.  It was excellent and the fries were fine too.
I finished with some excellent decaf and a glass of Kahlua--I had had iced tea with the meal so some alcohol was not an excess.
A lady who was some sort of hostess dropped by my table while I was eating to make sure everything was OK and when told I needed ketchup (for the fries), went and got me some (in a dainty little single-serve Heinz bottle).  My waiter also checked several times but didn't hover.
I am giving it 4 stars.  The 5th star is withheld because of the crowded dining room and noise level . . . nothing to do with the food which I greatly enjoyed.We arrived at Happy Hour, 50 cent oysters and half price drinks, so we had both, the ordered the beet salad (divine), mussels, and flammenkuchen (an appetizer I used for my entree),  All were excellent.  I first had flammenkuchen (or tarte flambe) in Strasbourg at a street fair, this was far and above that experience, with caramelized onions resting atop the cheese and hunks of bacon strewn around.  So good!Old school decor - dark woods and copper tile ceiling (real?)  I was there for the express lunch, a good deal.  You get a choice of soup with the entree of the day.  The gumbo and crab bisque were spot on. Gumbo - rich with the andouille sausage adding just a bit of heat. Crab bisque - flavored with old bay style seasoning but not overly salty and just a bit of shredded crab. The entree was a garganelli with roast pork ragu, mushrooms and creole tomatoes.  The sauce was light and blended the flavors well.  The roast pork highlighted the dish - fork tender, caramelized and left me wanting more.We stopped by a couple of weeks ago for Sunday brunch.  The food was very good and filling.  Nice drinks, and we had a very pleasant server.  Cool cafe space.  Overall a good recommend.Expensive but great service & food. The ribeye melted in my mouth. The burger was huge & delicious w/ every bite. The bread pudding is everything it's hyped up to be. Definitely go at least once & share some meals w/ friends.If you are looking to be impressed by French-German dishes in New Orleans, please go to Luke Restaurant, I know I was. 
The restaurant is located in the Central Business District, next to the Hilton and in the former Masonic Temple Building, so there is that historic vibe to the restaurant. The front room is a lot more grand than the back room (where we were seated), but that is offset by views of the open kitchen. 
Apparently they only want to seat people with reservations, so since we did not have one, we were refused seating until 9:15pm (it was 6:45pm) but with a little back and forth, we ended up waiting only 15 minutes before we were seated. However, as we walked through the restaurant to the back room, way too many tables were empty that it made no sense that they acted that way. A lot of tables still remained empty throughout the meal.
I decided to start out my meal with a cocktail. I originally wanted the Mint Julep but they were out so I had the Riverbend (vodka, lemon juice, basil syrup, blueberries & ginger ale) at the recommendation of the server. It was a relatively sweet cocktail, with the ginger ale being the most powering flavor, but you could still taste the alcohol.
My friend choose a regular starter and ordered a cup of the Crawfish Bisque. She ate all of it so I am assuming she liked it, but she did complain of a sour aftertaste.
My boyfriend skipped the appetizers and went straight for the entree. He always seems to find the most basic item on the menu and order it. He had the Luke Burger (bacon, caramelized onions, tomatoes, Swiss cheese) and was raving about it. One thing I can tell you, it was a very good size. 
My friend had the Jumbo Louisiana Shrimp "En Cocotte" with lump crab meat, roasted jalapeño cheese grits, andouille & green onion sausages. She loved it.
I have an obsession with mussels so I had the classic Moules et Frites. Although only having two simply ingredients (garlic & thyme) in the broth, the flavors stood out and the taste was a lot bolder than others I have had with a lot more ingredients. The house-made fries were scrumptious. These are the best kind.
Even with all that food, we still made room for dessert. We first had the Bread Pudding which was delicious but quite sweet. I am also not a fan of over sauced foods.
One wasn't enough so we also ordered the Bourbon Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee. It was superb and not too sweet which is a plus for me. The little cookies on top added nothing to the dessert and if anything could have been left off.
All that good food, I still have to give props to our server. He was amazing and engaging. The front desk soured the mood a little bit a first but he more than made up for it. I couldn't have asked for anyone better.Excellent food and bar. Slow service.
A friend and I stopped here during an evening of bar hopping in the CBD. We were seated promptly and given our menus, which are half-French, half-English. Not a big deal for anyone who can read French and/or has been living in Louisiana for a reasonable amount of time, but definitely something tourists should be wary of. I didn't have any alcohol because I was the designated driver, but I can say that their drink menu is extensive, and the bar was packed from the moment we arrived until the moment we left. 
This restaurant's biggest strength is it's food. I tasted their crab bisque, and had Poulet Grand-Mère as my entrée. Both were excellent. The latter arrived in a wide cast-iron bowl, which I'm sure has a more proper name, but was an interesting touch nonetheless.
The service was why I gave this restaurant 4/5 instead of 5/5. Most of the wait staff seemed to be interns from culinary school. The handful we dealt with were very friendly, but would do well to be a little more attentive. For example, the server who brought us our desserts ran off before we could ask for spoons to eat the dessert with. 
In summary, a good dining experience, but I think I would rather continue exploring new restaurants in the area before returning.Great place for happy hour. Oysters were deLISH! My friend and I had 2 dozen and we had some cocktails! The riverbend and champagne au poir we quite tasty. I had a side of fries and she had a side a grits. Best grits I've eaten. Definitely coming back. The server was great too. Just the right amount of attention!Wow is all I have to say. Must try the friend oysters!we ordered that and crawfish bisque and shrimp with grits. All the dishes were delicious. Make sure to make reservation.Food and atmosphere is nice. As one should expect in the CBD. Sometimes the back room can be stuffy on a busy day. I recommend the raw oysters and burgers. A few dollars on the high side for lunch.Thank you Chef John Besh!  My husband and I stayed at the Hilton hotel on St. Charles. One of my main goals was to find some delicious New Orleans grinds.  I was starving when we arrived and didn't want to do any research on Yelp for a place to eat.  Thank God Luke was connected to our hotel!!!  We ended up eating here 3 times over 5 days.  It's usually full of business suits, but that doesn't bother me when the food is so good.
All the traditional dishes were good, but the huge surprise was the burger.  I was against ordering a burger while I was in New Orleans, because I wanted to try as many local eats as possible... and you can find burgers anywhere.  I overheard this lady raving about how delicious her burger was, so I had to order it the next time we ate there.  She was absolutely right!  It was one of the best burgers I've ever had!  It was huge, juicy, and packed with flavor.  I also highly recommend getting their bread pudding a la mode.  It was mouth-watering good and straight out the oven!You can't go wrong with the brunch at Luke!  I always get the fried chicken and waffles.  It comes with cane syrup and gravy on the side.  Ummm!  On a weekday, it is good for lunch or dinner with friends or the hubby.  I recommend the Luke burger (even though I believe it is sacrilegious to order a burger at an establishment such as this, however this is THE exception!) The flamenkutche is really good, too.  It is like a German pizza.  I also enjoy the cochondelait poboy, shrimp & grits, and croque madame , which are excellent.  We are never disappointed and always enjoy the ambiance of the old style New Orleans  restaurant.$0.75 oysters were delicious and I'm not even usually an oyster eater. We sat at the bar and the service was wonderful. We ordered the shrimp and grits for the two of us and it came out already split. Drinks were strong and a great value at 50% off. I would recommend the French 75. Gumbo was pretty good too. Happy hour is 3-6!Amazing! Late night arrival in NOLA so got amazing service from Gary! Food was amazing. Highly recommend the seafood platter! Highest quality and freshness...Great happy hour. Perfectly shucked oysters. Seriously, not one grity sea booger and I've ate here countless times. I am huge liver pate enthusiast. Luke has the best I've ever had. I usually go for  oysters, pate, and a few drinks so I can't comment on the entrees. Service is wildly inconsistent. On one occasion it was truly terrible. The manager noticed without us complaining and comped several drinks and dessert.If you are willing to walk 3-4 blocks on the other side of canal... You will not be disappointed! Best place to eat so far!! Highly recommend!!  My husband and I enjoyed it so much that during a 5 day stay, we ate there twice!  Inexpensive dinner- total bill (for 2 people) minus alcohol $50.Went for Brunch after a day of Jazzfest and a night on the town with old friends. They brought a full french press of coffee just what I needed to start the meal. The server was not as attentive as I would have liked and I had to ask for water several times. But the hostess/manager was very friendly and chatted with us for a bit. The pace of the meal was perfect long enough to digest and enjoy between courses.  The setting is beautiful it feels very retro with the old fans, tin roofs, and dark wood. The boudin noir was delicious. Followed by crawfish bisque with stuffed crawfish which taste perfectly seafoody with a hint of spices very subtle layered flavors. The Gumbo was also very good. I had beef short rib were tender but the presentation was a bit weak. The other meals were more of visual masterpieces. The crabmeat omelet was delicious and the home made fries were perfect. The grits were very creamy.and the pan fried trout was fabulous. This a really great place to come to try out John Besh food on without the hefty price tag.If I were writing this based on my dinner experience, it'd be 4 stars, but we went back for brunch the next day.
Dinner:
GREAT happy hour, we had 3 dozen oysters. The place was clean, efficient, and really good. Shawn (female) was on the ball!
Pros:
Happy hour drink prices. Oysters were divine (I had the P&J)
Cons:
I ordered the express, which was rabbit sausage with mustard sauce and noodles...mediocre at best.
Breakfast:
Service was slow as Hell compared to the night. Everyone around us was getting agitated
Pros:
Eggs in a jar was so unique I actually took a photo of it.
Cons:
Menu was tiny, a mimosa special would help this place out.Every one raves about the oysters for Happy Hour, but check out the Daily Lunch specials.     You get a choice of app or soup and a fixed daily entrée.   Always a good bite at lunch time and you don't always need a reservation.My fiancé and I stopped by for a quick eat before a conference. We let out waiter know this, and he really delivered on the service. We split the shrimp and grits and pancakes for a late breakfast. Not only did our waiter bring the food out quickly, it was split into two separate dishes nicely. And it was the best shrimp and grits we've had! Overall a great experience.Fantastic service and delicious food. There were a few vegetarians at my table, and our server Ritchie Rich (fabulous server) was able to make great recommendations and accommodations. The service was personal and attentive. The food was tasty and priced reasonably for a nice sit down restaurant. Another bonus is being able to make restaurant reservations since so many places in NOLA don't take reservations.The food was excellent.  The service was ok.  The fried oyster salad was very good.  The seafood gumbo is silky smooth.  The atmosphere is a bit noisy, in the front dining room.  The bar looked very old and cool.The food was fantastic, the staff for happy hour and table service were above and beyond wonderful. We had the local yogurt and house granola plate, shrimp n grits (an egg accidentally jumped onto the floor and they were so kind to whip up another quickly), oysters all ways. 
However, and a big however is the take-out experience. We opted to run downstairs from the hotel, cause the menu was bigger than room service. We ordered two soups, two salads, a dessert.....we got two salads, one soup, no utensils. When I called back, the lady seemed a bit skeptical. Really! So we ran back down for the missing items and alas still no utensils, soooo we ran back down again. Bothersome, unapologetic, and ended our eating there.This place is a treat. I found this place on yelp during my trip to the beloved Nola. It was a last stop on Christmas Eve. It was very elegant and exquisite. The wine was good in quality and flavor. The food was very fresh and delectable. I tried the pate and it was a culinary experience. That ended up being my main meal since my sweetheart did not want any. I also tried the bread pudding which was amazing. The ice cream was made fresh. The drizzling and pecans  where the best part. I can't wait to go back and try more offerings.Decent, consistent food. If you're in the CBD, they make solid food for a quick lunch or happy hour.Wish I could've made it back in again. Great atmosphere, great bar with excellent happy hour prices and fifty cent oysters. A bit on the pricey side especially for just a lunch. I'd go back again when I return to this wonderful city.Wonderful wonderful food and service! We had an outstanding lunch amid bonus that it was directly across the street from our hotel.  1 star off for service on the next day - I called that morning to order a to go to take with me for my long flight home.  I specified pick up time. When I got there they said the person who took the order forgot about it.  It wasn't ready and I couldn't wait as I had to leave for the airport. Disappointed when I had to have airport food instead.This is only based on breakfast. The selection is limited. I was hoping they'd have beignets. In lieu of that, I got coffee, fruit, and bacon - sweet and salty. The coffee was great. The bacon and fruit were sad for $5 each. The bacon was scrawny. The few berries weren't sweet, and the melons were under ripe. As with the hotel itself, the staff were rather muted - not especially helpful or friendly.
If it's raining outside and you're getting ready to leave, stay here for breakfast. Otherwise, go out.Speaking as a current resident of the Florida gulf coast, and former resident of the central California coast, it pains me to admit it but the oysters at Luke are the best I've ever had. And I've had them picked same-day from the Monterey Bay. It surprised me to learn that the oysters are harvested from New Orleans, I had no idea that N.O. had access to such top notch shellfish. Anyways happy hour features deals on signature cocktails, 75 cent oysters and cheap apps, I went there twice during my week in N.O. and I should have gone more. 
Other than the amazing briny ice cold oysters, my wife and I also had a selection of various apps and cocktails all of which were in the good to excellent range. The one that really sticks out is the squash blossoms - do not miss this one even if trying new food scares you. They have a texture and flavor similar to a delicate bell pepper, and they are perfectly tempura battered and stuffed with tangy goat cheese with a little honey drizzle. It made me go home and plant a squash just so I can harvest the blossoms and recreate this dish. Luke hits a nice balance between casual and formal, from the atmosphere to the menu to the prices. Not to be missed.I had the Entrecôte Grillée et Frites (picture included) and my wife had the Boudin Stuffed Porkchop. Both meals were amazing. In addition, we walked in on a Friday at 5pm with no reservation and were seated immediately. 
The only negative comment is the that the wait staff seemed stretched a little thin. We got our drink orders and it was probably 10-15mins before they came back to see if we were ready to order. I even noticed the couple next to us also trying to get the wait staffs attention so they could pay their bill.
Overall, it was a great experience and we plan to come back in the near future.We tried it and the place looks pretty fancy we thought maybe out of our the budget but at the end it ended up nicely priced for seafood. Very tasty jumbo shrimps with grits. I would say that we were not lucky due to some noisy group around bit the service was good woth great food, definitely a nice place to gove a try for seafood from NOLAI love raw oysters and the Happy Hour oysters are a great deal at 50 cents each.  We were seated in the back room which was nice and had the best server.  The back room is much quieter and made for a great place to enjoy our food and chat with our friends.  Our table ordered 48 oysters to start and the order came out in decent time.  I really enjoyed the oyster feast.Completely UNDERWHELMED........ Love John Besh, but he wasn't fooling me--that was étouffée sauce on the shrimp and grits!  If I wanted étouffée, I would have order it. Food was okay, but VERY expensive.I'm so confused!!!  The pictures of the burger look so amazing how can you not want to just eat your phone BUT the BBQ oysters at Red Fish Grill I know are amazing BUT the BBQ shrimp cooked in spices and herb butter at Deanies are so highly regarded.  SO where would you eat if it was your last lunch of a great NO trip?  Hard to choose, right?  Wrong!!  We went to all three and were not disappointed in the least.  I suggest you do the same.  
Start at Lukes and split the $16 dollar burger kinda pricey but very tasty.  Then Walk over to Red Fish Grill and eat  two orders of their BBQ Oysters (you'll feel cheated if you get just one order) with an Ice cold beer. Now realistically that should be enough for lunch but its only fish, not too filling? 
Now onto Deanies to sit at the bar and eat these amazing shrimp, however, I'm not sure what was better the shrimp or the loaf of French bread to dip into the butter with and washed down with an ice cold Heferweisen on tap!!! My God was it satisfying. I haven't felt that satisfied since my "first time"!!! Screw the calories I'm in Nawleans! Now I think I know what a junkie must go thru when he needs his fix.  You can't just get these flavors anywhere you know. 
And if all of the above wasn't enough like too idiots we walked to Café du Mond for coffee and beignets. 
We took a cab back to the hotel because we obviously could not walk, had a quickie and took a nap so we could dine at GW FINS which was also a fantastic experience.  Try the Scallabutt (scallops fused with a hunk of Halibut).  Se bon!! and Happy eating!I was really excited to eat at a John Besh Restaurant, better yet it was right in our hotel, unfortunately our experiences (multiple) did not live up to the hype. We did have attentive and engaging wait staff but I just expected more. 
Our first try at Luke was for dinner on my birthday... My Etouffee was great, my date's steak was over cooked and possibly expedited wrong, as it took mere seconds for them to return with a medium rare steak. Unfortunately it came back out over salted but he opted not to send it back again (I don't blame him). 
I really wanted the bread pudding with pecan sauce just didn't have room, so ordered it via room service the next night and again was under whelmed again, it arrived only slightly warm with the ice cream completely melted (they were in separate containers). 
On our last day in town (Friday) we wanted to give it one more shot since it wasn't Mardi Gras and life seemed to be returning to normal... court-bouillon was okay, however the chicken on my salade de poulet grille, was almost raw, that's right, barely cooked chicken on my plate! It got corrected quickly and round 2 was good but REALLY... RAW chicken!Much love for this place! So why only 4 stars? Well, the chairs can be improved....that story at the end. 
Gabe and I went here at his suggestion for his "better late than never" birthday dinner. One of the few times I'm allowed to pick up the tab ;)
He opted for beer and I opted for wine. Both enjoyable. He got the special which was some kind of sweet and spicy fried chicken. I got the shrimp and grits. The portions were small for those used to large meals but for us, it was perfect. Left room for more beer later. 
Atmosphere was dark and cozy. Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. Wait staff was friendly and efficient. Made reservations, arrived early and seated immediately. 
So about those chairs.... They're super cute but as I leaned over to grabbed my card that leaped off the table, I went down sloooowly. It was funny actually. A manager ran up to see if I was ok. Between my giggles, I told her "yes". Glad it wasn't a first date lol. 
So was it the wine that caused my graceful descend or the unsteady chair? Let's just say, not 5 mins later, a man at another table fell too....hahaha! I'm blaming the chairs.Great food, very helpful staff, small menu.  The clam bisque was the best, I also enjoy the fried oyster salad.  These two sides were enough food for me.  Salad had a little to much thick bacon chunks for me.We had New Year's Eve dinner at Lüke. Two of our party of three ordered the 4-course set menu.  The waiter skipped the second course entirely, and then said it wasn't a course at all when we pointed this out.  We sought clarification and the waiter was indeed wrong and did not understand the set menu.  Another waiter stepped in, offered to serve the second course after the third, and to give us complimentary champagne, more wine, money off our check, and extra food.  
The solution was not ideal - the order of dishes was off, we did not really want the extras, and the "champagne" was horrid, but it was New Year's Eve and we wanted a pleasant evening, so said fine.  Most of the dishes were excellent. However, our final tab did not show the promised deduction.  
Overall, a bit of a disappointment.As soon as my boyfriend landed in New Orleans to meet me for our vacation we had one mission - find a restaurant with happy hour and buck-a-shuck oysters.  Luke happened to be close by (we stayed at Le Pavillon Hotel), had a happy hour, and had oysters, so we headed that way.  Found out when we got that that happy hour included $.50 oysters.  SCORE!
Luke is a great restaurant with cool decor.  The food was absolutely fantastic, the drinks were spot on and worth every penny (especially during happy hour), and the service was fantastic.  Highly recommended!$0.75 oysters everyday 3-6 pm! This is a great deal if you like P&J oysters. We also ordered the crawfish bisque which was creamy smooth. We shared the rib eye entree, seasoned well and came with decent fries. There was some lulls in the service.I am glad I was able to join friend for their reservations at Luke. The drinks were wonderful! First time having raw and fried oysters, I was told the raw oysters were less salty then regular which I appreciated. I had the crab bisque which was divine, tried my friends shrimp and grits, and the bread pudding, all were glorious and to top it off the serves was great.Just ok. This restaurant was attached to our hotel. 
Bread pudding was burnt on top and all of the yummy sauce dripped off before it was served.
The "bacon onion pizza" (I cant pronounce the actual name, but we felt "flamin cootchie" was a possibility)was supposed to be awesome, but I felt the torte was soggy. 
The beet salad was great. Shrimp étouffée  had a good sauce, but small portion. 
As mentioned in other reviews, expect to spend some time there because the waitstaff is very nice, but slow.
All in all, there are better places to eat in NOLA.The menu is extremely limited and overpriced. Some of the seating is weird. I would not highly recommend this restaurant.Ate here twice in one week. In NOLA, that's an endorsement.  Our waiter, Ritchie, was memorable.  "Christian Mingle"..... What a line!  I will try other Besh restaurants if I have to,,,,but Luke will be hard to beat.We hit this place late night for dinner when we got back late from a tour. It was right near our hotel so that helped. The raw bar selections were very good, local oysters, giant shrimp and king crab. Service was excellent as well. The burger my wife and son split was good, but nothing to write home about but I wouldn't have come here for just that. Decent bar scene as well.I had the soft shell crab BLT and it was absolutely amazing! O-M-G! I was there on a business lunch and everyone was really happy with their food. I also had the bread pudding-delish! The service was excellent too. I never wanted for anything. Contrary to someone else's review, John Besh is still involved with the restaurant because I inquired with the host. He said that the star chef would be in later that day.So I am going to come clean here up front.  I love this place.  I love the food, the casual atmosphere and the staff is professional and welcoming.  
They are adjacent to my hotel every time I come to NOLA so I am here at least once per visit.  
I wanted to step outside my comfort zone and try something else today for a late lunch but when I sat at the bar, ordered a glass of wine and was given the menu- I didnt see what I wanted ( I had seen it on the lunch menu).  I wanted oysters, as in welcome to NOLA - oysters.  They would not serve them at the bar so I drank my wine and left. 
Here I am back at LUKE for my third meal this week.  And I got those oysters. 
I also got a warm welcome, great beer and hello - happy hour!  Thank you John Besh for doing what you do.  #superstar #kingofnolaExpert bartenders here!
Went during happy hour. (3-6pm, every day)
50 cent oysters, half price cocktails, beer, wine.
Oysters come with horseradish, cocktail sauce, and this red wine sauce that is amazing. 
Best sauzerac in all of New Orleans.
I've had a better Mint Julep.
Like champagne?
Try the French 75.
Have an affinity for basil?
The Riverbend was delicious.Good, casual, homemade bistro fare at a very reasonable price.  Everything was made from scratch - the bacon, the mustard, etc.  The atmosphere was nice.  Just a really solid place.  If I lived in New Orleans, I'd be a regular!This place was ok, it definitely didn't blow my mind. Well, the brussel sprout appetizer did blow my mind because it was fantastic. The entree, though, did not blow my mind. I went simple and got the burger, it wasn't cooked quite the way I ordered it. Additionally, I had removed a tomato slice from my burger because it wasn't quite ripe and I'm not a lover of tomatoes all the time. A waiter walked over and informed me that I could have asked for the burger without the tomato...uh, duh? I have been to restaurants before. I just wasn't hugely impressed. Our waiter was great, though, and super helpful.John Besh. Brunch. You'd think you'd be in Creole heaven, but the experience was a bit dissatisfying. 
I ordered the Friday express, which included a soup or salad and an entree. I forget what it's called but it contained shrimp, oyster and a tiny crab claw. It was okay. Nothing stood out. 
After eating the Shrimp and Grits at Cafe Amelia, we were excited to see how others compared. At Luke, you get a sizable portion and it's good but not great. 
Overall, there were better samplings of brunch and creole food elsewhere.Let me start by saying the oysters are wonderful.  The rest of our meal, not so much.  Our second dish was the Pate of Louisiana Rabbit and Chicken Livers.  Flavor was nice but it was served icy cold, so the true  flavor could not come through.  The compotes served with the pate were wonderful, a great compliment.  Our entrees were the Steak and Frites and the Braised Lamb with Fresh Herbed Pasta.  The steak was perfectly cooked and well seasoned, the fries were limp and greasy.  The herbed pasta dish was interesting but there were only two tiny pieces of lamb, must have been less than 2 oz of meat in this dish.  Our total bill, with a $40 bottle of wine and two cocktails was over $170.  Poor value for inconsistent food.
Please note that our server, Chi, was knowledgeable, efficient and delightful.THE GOOD: great food for a decent price.  We got the $65 oyster platter which came with 12 huge and succulent oysters, about a dozen each of clams and mussels, 10-12 tails of jumbo shrimp, about half of a huge king crab, 2 small sauce cups of ceviche, and 3 different sauces including a malt vinegar, cocktail sauce, and a spicy mayonnaise dipping sauce, as well as multiple wedges of lemon.  The platter was huge and probably could have fed 3-4 people, though I was able to eat most of it with some help from the fiancee.  The oysters were fresh and delicious and were the star of the platter, while the crab was the not seasoned and somewhat bland compared to the rest of the platter.  Of note, I liked the shrimp as they were steamed with a spicy cajun seasoning which was a nice Louisiana touch.
We also ordered the fried oyster, bacon, romaine lettuce, and avocado salad which was decent.  The fried oysters on the salad were perfectly prepared, though the bacon was thick cut and a bit on the tough/chewy side (i prefer bacon in a salad to be crispy).
THE BAD: Service was horrible.  I think we got the worst server in the restaurant; here's the breakdown: His appearance--his long hair made me think he should have been in an 80's hair metal band instead of serving in a moderately upscale seafood restaurant.  His service--inattentive: 1. he never introduced himself before taking our order, 2. he didn't allow us to finish our order as after we ordered our oyster platter he took our menus and walked away and I had to get another waiter/server to order a salad that we wanted to come with our oyster platter, 3.  He forgot our bread, and we didn't realize we were supposed to get bread until halfway through our meal when we saw other tables getting bread, 4. We asked him for lemon with our water and he forgot after multiple queries, and we actually asked 3 different waiter/waitresses/servers for lemon and they all forgot, though our main waiter eventually remembered and brought the lemon to us in the middle of our meal.  The final straw in this terrible haystack was his apathy and rude demeanor at the end of our meal--after taking my credit card and charging for the meal, he walked by our table and threw the credit card/receipt pad so that it plopped on our table and said "here you go" and continued walking away like he didn't care.  Overall, it seemed like he did not really care for his job and was there just going through the motions.  I was surprised that a restaurant of Luke's stature hired a waiter like this, as with an appropriate waiter and appropriate service, this meal would have been phenomenal.  Unfortuntely, the service left us in a sour mood despite the quality of the food.  If the service would have matched the food, Luke would have deserved a 4 or 5 stars in my mind, but because of the poor service we received, I gave the restaurant 2/5 stars.Had some gumbo. It was very good. Nice atmosphere and excellent serves. Drinks were good too. Desserts were out of this worldGreat service. I don't think I even waited more than a minute or two each time to have my glass of water refilled. Oysters for happy hour were great. Our servers suggestion of the Crawfish Bisque was a good one.Picked Luke's for brunch on a Monday. Located in the business district you can come casual. Highly recommend the fried chicken with red beans and rice; it's like a spoonful of heaven in your mouth; smoky, bacon, maple, Tabasco, crunchy chicken skin all merge together to create an orgasmic effect. My wife's gumbo was a good authentic New Orleans gumbo, with a caramel like brown rue. The okra was a little stringy. We enjoyed a dozen oysters with our friends, they were awesome- fresh, clean, light smell of the sea, and shucked properly. All in all would go back to enjoy more!Wow! Great recommendation by the Green House Inn staff!  Happy hour was great - although there was wait to be seated (we eventually were sat in the back room that was completely empty until we were shown our table). Oysters, pate, fried oyster salad were impalpable - but food envy of neighboring tables burger, gumbo, and the special!
A must!!I travel quite a bit and let me say amazing customer service! The Happy Hour at Luke's was great, the oysters even better and the service was the best! Two employees in particular were happy to be there and treated all customers great their amazing attitude was contagious - it was great to meet you Jamaal and Roshawn!I thought I reviewed Luke last time I came back from Nola, but I see that I was remiss.  This is place is a solid win.  My fiance always gets the burger and it's huge, juicy self is complimented with perfectly cooked shoestring fries.  I loooove the crab and corn soup and wish I could have vats of it shipped to me during the cold NYC winters.  It's spicy, flavorful and full of fresh crab meat and plump kernels of corn straight off the ear.  The P&J oysters are a must, especially with that damn delicious crust.  I definitely scraped the remainders of it off the shells with my bread (that was warm and soft).  As for drinks, go with the Cypress in the summer--crazy refreshing and strong without tasting like straight liquor.  Great service and casual, upscale atmosphere.We stayed at the intercontinental during our visit and this place was a no brainer in terms of the proximity to our hotel and the reviews. We dragged our hungover asses out of bed and walked in here with hopes of eating some delicious food and a well needed dose of caffeine. We each got started with coffee, which was absolutely fantastic. I ordered the southern breakfast and requested toast instead of sausage, while my friends ordered the soft shell crab and crab omelet. I loved the food I ordered.. except everything lacked a little seasoning. Also, the bacon was completely dry. I love bacon in any shape or form, so I didn't seem to mind the lack of grease. The jalapeno grits were spectacular and so was the biscuit. My friends seemed to really enjoy their breakfast as well. The fries again, lacked seasoning which seemed odd. How does one forget to add salt to fries? We were too hungover to notice or care.. Overall, its a pretty good place if you're looking for decent French food.What a perfect way and meal to end our trip. 
One of several restaurants owned by Chef John Besh In New Orleans.  From appetizer to entrees all the way to the end, dessert. 
For our appetizer we split the Crab Meat Maison, served with fresh herbs, touch of horseradish and country bread croutons. 
My choice of entree was the Jumbo Louisiana Shrimp over Roasted Jalapeño Cheese Grits and Andouille/green onion sausage.  I have never been a fan of grits before.  They have always been kind of bland, this one knocked my socks off. 
The wife went with the Fresh Gulf Fish done Amandine Style.  It was lightly battered with buttermilk and flour, then fried and topped with Almonds in a brown butter sauce.  Served with new potatoes, green beans and roasted vegetables. 
Please, try to save room for dessert.  Somehow we did. With two Cappuccinos we ordered Brendan's Bread Pudding. This is to die for! It is topped with Vanilla Bean Ice Cream and is accompanied by a buttered pecan sauce.  Also ordered the Chocolate Bourbon Pecan Tart, made with bittersweet chocolate and topped with Coconut Sorbet. 
Put this place on your bucket list of restaurants in NOLA. You won't be disappointed.Pretty good food, on the French bistro side of things. Went for dinner, packed on a Monday night. We were seated all the way in the back with a view of the kitchen
The choucroute plate was great, with a huge but tender smoked pork shank, boudin, squares of crispy/melty pork belly, and house made sauerkraut all nestled in a cast iron serving pan. GF had the special, fried pork loin with grits and greens that was tasty but pretty ordinary. Took a WHILE for entrees to arrive, but we left stuffed.Great little place for HH! Oysters are HUGE! Service was great and the drinks delicious.First stop on the trip and it was absolutely delicious! This would be my recommended spot for shrimp and grits every time! I can't say enough about their delicious food, friendly staff, and speedy service.Our food was delicious!! The brussel sprouts appetizer was to die for. We also shared the crawfish bisque and the shrimp and grits, which were both delicious as well. I would recommend both!! We made a reservation, which I would recommend doing as well. The service was very friendly, polite, and helpful. I only wish we had more money to spend on food!I spent a great birthday happy hour here with the usual suspects last week. Our server was attentive, fast, and funny (albeit non-intentionally). The martinis were fantastic and the oysters were fresh, fresh, fresh! But...take it to the bridge!
Pros:
Service - wonderful
Bar options - excellent
No waiting!
Oysters on the 1/2 shell? Tasty, tasty, with no BP aftertaste.
Cons:
The shucker removed perhaps 4 out of 12 of the oysters from their shell. Not the seamless experience I wanted, and it stopped me from ordering an additional dozen. I was also surprised there wasn't a different type of dipping sauce, like a mignonette offered. I'm happy to make my own cocktail sauce, but I was surprised...
The gumbo? For me, it was odd - all roux, with not much seafood, chicken or sausage. And, rice seemed like a practice batch of risotto was used - it was gummy and crunchy.
I'm ready to go back and get more oysters, but maybe with a different shucker working....By far New Orleans at it's finest. We went around lunchtime and surprisingly it was not too crowded. It was our second time to try Luke and I have to say we loved it. We love how the kitchen is open so we could see the them preparing our meal. When we sat down, our waiter greeted us instantly. My girlfriend was looking forward to the mussels, but unfortunately they didn't have any prepared for the lunchtime menu. THEY ARE A MUST TRY! Some of the best mussels in the city. Instead, my girlfriend ordered the beet salad and the fish entree and I ordered the chicken and red beans and rice. Not saying that was settling (poor us right). :) I can say as second time customers we definitely were equally as impressed as the first. It has become one of our favorite spots in the city.Solid, but nothing ground breaking or innovative. People dress business casual, or so it seemed when we went. No need to stress too hard about it though. There was a wait, even though we had reserved and there was lot of space in the back. Very good Liver Pâté with the assorted cheeses and such. Dessert was lackluster. Overall, more in the positive than the negativeThe best place for oysters. Go during the daily happy hour between 3 to 6pm. The oyster is 75 cents with a size of an egg and the drinks are 50% off.Went there this morning for brunch. The waiter was not friendly at all. Had to keep asking for coffee refills...and creamer...and sugar. We were a party of 6 & all 6 of us were drinking coffee. How do you not bring more creamer & sugar? He seemed annoyed that i asked him to repeat the special. He never smiled or even looked at us. The portions were large. Overpriced. I had the burger. It was nothing great. Bisque was good. My son had the crabmeat omlette which he didn't like. My other son had the croquet madam which he liked. We will most likely not go back.I had reservations for two at 6:30 and I was seated right away within two minutes. The atmosphere of this place was nice but that's where most the good stops. 
I honestly don't understand how this restaurant got such high reviews. Either people had low expectations or they entered here drunk from an adventure at bourbon st or Frenchmen.
I ordered a river bend and it was made absolutely horrible. It tasted like medicine or as if the vodka was randomly thrown in grape juice and ass. 
I ordered a charcuterie board, little neck clams, oysters, Brussel sprouts, and the shrimp grits. The charcuterie board and Brussel sprouts were amAzing. The Brussel sprouts had a seared and sweet vinaigrette flavor. Even though I really prefer the charcuterie sampler at cochon butcher over the charcuterie here it was still good. It came with a rabbit pate which was wonderful.
As we waited for our clams to come out, the server came to notify us that they were out of clams (thirty minutes later btw). So we ordered a half dozen oysters instead. Those came out within five minutes. However instead of getting a half dozen oysters, we ended up receiving only five oysters on our plate. WTF?!?! We notified our server and he ended up bringing us two additional oysters which was nice, but seriously?! How does a restaurant like this hire people that don't know the basics of counting? That right there made me question the quality of the restaurant and how overhyped this was due to john besh. The oysters were shucked wonderfully but that's really all I can give them credit for.
Anyways, we finished all of our appetizers and waited an incredibly long time for the shrimp and grits. After waiting too long, we canceled our order with another waitress and our server finally came out to tell us that our order was ready but he wanted to wait for us to finish our appetizers to bring out the plate. I don't know of any restaurant that would make you wait an hour for your entree but sure... When the shrimp and grits came out I was honestly disappointed. 
I'm sorry to say but this restaurant may be nice but it absolutely does not deserve to be a four star restaurant. If you want good prices, good taste, and service I would go to royal house instead. Otherwise Ya no..... I would never go back here again nor recommend this place to someone else... I am so sad that this place was such a disappointment. Thanks John besh. Left the place hungry. :(Good food and great service.  Enjoyable dining experience.Good but maybe a little over hyped. I got the Brussel sprouts and the shrimp and grits. The sauce on the sprouts is overwhelming. It was like eating spoonfuls of bbq sauce. Too sweet and too spicy. And the shrimp and grits was better, but also saucy. A little goes a long way.Good golly Miss Molly this was some good eats!  Luke always pleases. Service is personalized and sets a bar well above the standard. The fresh seafood bar is da bomb!!  The meal was well prepared and a true delight, served with flourish and fan fare. "The Ladies' Man" awards you five stars!How has anyone not given this place 5 stars. Food was great, service was even better. We did make reservations, but only 45 minutes prior to us arriving. 
Steamed chocolate dessert was by far my favorite.
Thanks for a wonderful eveningWe were looking forward to checking out one of Besh's restaurants while visiting New Orleans and decided on Luke's.  We were not disappointed.  
For drinks, we started with the Champagne Au Peche and the French "75" which tasted like a cady margarita (I preferred the first drink).  The oysters were fresh and sweet and the rabbit/duck liver pate was delicious!  We went back again just for the pate!  For dinner, my bf had the mussels which were nice and buttery and I had the entrecote with bernaise sauce...yum.  The decor; simple, bistro style...nothing too fancy with nice, laid back service.$0.75 Oyster Happy Hour, need I say more? 
Seriously though, the oysters were delicious...all 26 of them. We also tried the chicken liver pate and the cheesy jalapeño grits. The grits, OMG the grits. They were so damn good, even the cold leftovers I ate the next morning were still delicious.Was in town for a meeting, and have always wanted to try Luke's, and only a 3 min walk from the Marriott Courtyard. I had Oysters, Salad, and Chicken for my main dish. Absolutely the best I've ever had! Great service, friendly staff, didn't have a reservation, but only took 5mins to seat me in a packed house, on a Thursday night.Was visiting NoLa and happy I came to Luke everything was awesome!!! Great seafood, definitely a must when in NoLaWent to Luke during a bachelor party weekend which, on this night was 12 guys.
We made a reservation, but unfortunately they were not ready for us.  
But they had a bar area and we sat there and had some drinks, clams and oysters.
The service was very good as well.  
Once we were seated everyone ordered and seemed to enjoy their food.  But what I can say is, that we were mostly drunk already and just wanted to eat.
This place was had lots of New Orleans type dishes.  I went with a steak, not really sure why, but maybe because I was so hungry, I just wanted to be full.
Other than that, I can't say anything really stuck out, but the service was good, my food was good and the staff was good.Great flavors, solid service, only a few things lacking on the execution (a little bit of clumping in my grits, brussels sprouts a little too spicy for a breakfast dish).So this is a Jon besh restaurant and you might expect things.  You would be correct.  We stopped in for a late lunch after the day at the WWII museum.  As we doy wife and I ordered two different things and split to get to eat two different things. I ordered the Luke burger and she ordered the coque Madame.  I ate my burger and discovered the best burger I ever had.  Onions had a great sweet taste and the bacon was great with wonderfully cheese.  Then I tasted my wife's offering and I knew the burger was not the correct choice.  There was running egg and great cheese and cream sauce and wonderfully tasty ham.  The Fry's were not the best but the egg and cheese made it all worth it.Yum.  Consistently excellent. The daily menu items are a great value and fun. I could eat here every day. But.....I could not fit through the revolving door.....I enjoyed my lunch at Luke's. The service was superb and the food was delicious. We could taste the love and thought process that the chef created to inspire our palate of the quality of food that Luke's is awarded in New Orleans and in the USA.It is a decent place. The food is great and the service is nice. I was there twice during my stay in town. I ordered their daily specials and was very satisfied.Hands-down my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. Fantastic happy hour with $.50 oysters and half-price drinks from 4-6. Amazing gumbo, tuna, and even the burger is phenom. Wow.We never got the oysters that we ordered before our entrees. When our entrees came they were far too salty to eat. As former residents of Belgium we were not impressed at all with the food. We were offered dessert to apologize for the oysters but honestly with so many other restaurant options in NOLA we still will not be back.
The cocktails, however, were good so maybe happy hour would be decent but again, I unfortunately can't comment on the oysters.The only reason they get two stars is that when we mentioned the 2 entrees we ordered were barely lukewarm, they took them off the bill.  Otherwise it would be one star.
We went with another couple, ordered wine and appetizers, which were alright but unremarkable.  All of the staff seemed frazzled and disorganized, stuff kept being dropped all over the place.  After we were served the entrees the waitress didn't check back until we called for the bill.
That's when the other couple and my not-shy wife complained, and the manager came over and apologized and did the right thing.
We ate at another Besh restaurant nearby, Domenica, the night before, and it was outstanding.  Go there instead.One of the best places I tried while in NOLA! Came in for dinner and then came in again a couple of days later for happy hour. I would highly recommend taking advantage of happy hour from 3-6 if you want to get some raw or fried oysters! It is a great deal and there are drink specials as well. Also for dessert, try the hummingbird cake!We arrived in New Orleans on Christmas night ,just before 8:00 pm -- the first time, we realized, we've ever landed at night -- and quickly (I've *never* seen so little traffic on I-10!) made it to our hotel, the Le Meridien.¹
We actually arrived at Lüke for dinner a bit early, in terms of our reservation, but it was Christmas night and being seated early wasn't a problem. Lüke, however, can itself have its share of problems .
-- The front room can be (and often is) on the loud side, so much so that as a party of five at a rectangular table, it became difficult to hear. This is, of course, systemic and doesn't change. (The back room is quieter.)
-- Bring Christmas night, I have to say both the kitchen and service were a bit "off," but only in terms of timing -- NOT in terms of food (see below). Certain things came out almost too quickly; other things seemed to take forever. For example, Lüke offered two types of oysters, and we ordered six of one, and a dozen of the other. The order of six came in a relatively timely fashion, but the 12 seemingly took forever, arriving long after the (cooked) appetizers were finished, and just before the entrées. It also took a (relatively) long time to get the wine we ordered to accompany our entrées. This, however, is more appropriately chalked up to Xmas night, rather than being "the norm" in our experience.
That said, the food was, as always, wonderful and delicious! The rabbit & chicken liver pate was silky smooth and satisfying; the brussels sprouts crispy and tasty; the crabmeat maison flavorful and tangy. The Drum was perfect, as were the shrimp & grits and the moules frites.
Lüke remains, for us, one of those places you can count on for good food and good drinks. It may not be our favorite place in New Orleans, but it always satisfies.
_______________
¹ Formerly the Hotel New Orleans, formerly the W Downtown -- I guess it depends upon what day of the week it is.I tried the hamburger via the Bartenders suggestion and it was very tasty indeed!  I wouldn't say this place was extraordinary in any aspects but it was tasty and I didn't have any service issues.Came here for lunch on the last day of our trip to New Orleans. It was amazing. I had the gumbo and the gulf white shrimp and cucuzza stew. The perfect way to end the trip because I really wanted to take in New Orleans' cuisine and this was just the restaurant to do it.My fiancé and I ate breakfast here and it wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either.  I had the beignets which were overly sweet and the filling didn't quite work. The fiance had the southern breakfast, said the eggs were cooked poorly and the grits were too salty.  Overall it wasn't terrible, but it was probably the most disappointing meal we had during our four day trip to New Orleans.  We did eat here on a Monday morning so it may have been an off day.This was hands down my favorite restaurant in New Orleans during our recent trip there. I ordered the shrimp & grits (the best I had all trip). This is a nice restaurant white tablecloth & napkin. The ambience is intimate but lively. Makes for a great date night. The waitstaff was good. I loved my cocktail, I forgot the name but it was made of bourbon, lemon juice, and champagne. I typically am not a bourbon drinker, but this drink hit all the right marks. Dessert was also spot on. I ordered the bread pudding and it is everything you want in a bread pudding... (unless u r one who ruins good bread pudding with raisin) this is a must try place. John Besh is the truth!While this is technically a German'ish restaurant, it has a lot of options and really seems more rustic French to me.  It's a good choice for a "nice" lunch downtown.  The daily specials are usually good.  All of the sandwiches I've tried are great with Croque-monsieur being my favorite.  The brunch is good too but if I'm downtown for brunch I want to go somewhere with live jazz.I'm still sitting at the table and this was hands down the best shrimp and grits of my life. If you're in New Orleans you need to run here now! Amazing brunch!!My SO, friend and I tried this place around 5:45pm Saturday night. Upon entering, the hostess asked if we had a reservation, which we did not but the front room looked pretty vacant so we figured it'd be no problem. They proceeded to take us to the furthest back area of the restaurant where the cooks are (you can see them because they work in a window enclosed space) and seated us right by the windows to their kitchen area. 
Our servers were prompt and friendly, it was still happy hour so we ordered a door#three, a rye drink and a beer. We were brought waters pretty quickly, my SO's had something in his and they quickly replaced his water upon informing the waiter. The happy hour prices are reasonable, half off the normal price which for cocktails was $11 but not sure how much the beer was. For appetizers I ordered the Bibb lettuce salad, my SO ordered the gumbo, and they bring bread and butter out immediately. Everything was good out of the appetizers and bread, we ate every bit of it 
For the entree I ordered the chicken dish with rosemary potatoes and my SO had the fried oysters, my friend had the shrimp and grits. Everything was very delicious and cooked perfectly. 
During our meal we noticed that one of the chefs put his finger in his mouth and then proceeded to handle foods with his bare hands. We thought we should probably tell someone, so we asked our waiter for the manager and a male manager came over. We informed him of what we had seen and he said okay, not seeming too concerned. He promptly walked off to go tell someone in the kitchen, "that table over there says he put his finger in his mouth, I don't know how accurate that is but that's what they said." Mind you, we are witnessing all of this due to the glass, and the manager is facing us and the kitchen when he says this. I went up to said manager and inform him we just saw everything he said and that's incredibly disrespectful. We had no reason to lie about it, as we already had our meals and had eaten. I was simply concerned for whose dish that was being handled. Our waiter quickly apologizes profusely and I point out that he did nothing wrong and it's not he who should be apologizing, but the manager - to which the manager stands there and says nothing. Our waiter went to go get DeDe the head manager and she came over, addressed our concerns with poise and was extremely kind. We would come back again because of how well she handled the situation.Amazing oysters !! Went for happy hour ! 1/2 price draft beer which makes them about $4.50 . The oysters are .75 cents during happy hour and are super fresh ! They are served with cocktail sauce and extra horseradish !!! The fried oysters are $1.50 each but hey are soooo good as well !! This is a 5 star restaurant and no matter how you come dressed they treat you like you are a 5 star guest! Great service ! Great cocktails ! Great oysters !!! This is the place to go !Hostess staff less than cordial (girl with the 'Sideshow Bob' hair acts like she really doesn't give a Debbie Wasserman Schultz about her job); wait staff mediocre and tried to charge us for something not ordered that a manager gave us to make up for poor performance; foo foo food with a fancy cook's name; waste of expensive spaceGroup of hostesses were not welcoming when we walked In at 8:25pm, we didn't have reservations,  told us we wouldn't be able to sit until 945, I then went on open table and booked one for 8:30pm, oh isnt technology amazing! We were sat at 8:35, the group of 4 women at the front just seemed to want to  be bitchy because we didn't make reservations ahead of time, but the website clearly says walk in welcome. The waiter was nice, I had the luke burger and it was average, the bottom bun was soggy from the grease... fries were cold. However my wife had the shrimp and grits and said it was the best she has ever had.We were happy to discover Luke thanks to the concierge at the Hilton that recommended it. We were hesitant to try it since it was adjacent to the hotel. Shame on us. We quickly discovered that celebrate chef John Besh ran the place and it truly was hopping. Our first visit was for happy hour shortly after we landed in New Orleans. Half price oysters and drinks, you can't go wrong. We quickly reordered another dozen as they were fresh and the sauces ere great. The sazerac was delicious.They have a nice wine and beer list too. We didn't originally order the fries but the table next to us were enjoying them and they looked so good, we had to try. We weren't disappointed. We liked Luke so much that we went back for Christmas day brunch. Equally good. Note that you really need a reservation at any time of the day. It's always busy. They say that you can wait and sit at the bar but it's packed too. If you call and they say that they are fully booked, try opentable, it seems like there are tables hidden away and available.I have nothing but great things to say about Luke's! My group was told by a New Orleans native that Luke's was the place to go if we wanted an awesome oyster/drink happy hour, which is 3-6 p.m.
We started with an order of 7 dozen (whoa) 50-cent oysters, and by the end of our stay we had gorged ourselves on probably 11 dozen. The waitstaff could not have been friendlier, and the oysters ranged from medium-ish to huge in size.Food was decent. I ordered the chicken with potatoes. The potatoes tasted weird and had like a weird tangy flavor. Chicken was dry and salty. Waiter was charming but bad with filling up water. He would fill one cup up and leave the others empty for no reason. Also had a very small selection. Though, I tried my brothers hamburger and it was outstanding! Children may not like this place but it'll be fine for adults unless you're picky.I visited New Orleans this past weekend and visited Luke for the happy hour on Sunday. Oysters were 75 cents from 3-6 pm - woohoo! We ordered as many as we could handle. They were fresh and absolutely delicious. The service was excellent. Tip: sit at the bar during happy hour and get a vip view of the oysters being shuck. Loved this place and would definitely return - not just for the food but the service!I assume that Alsatian translates into "Meatlovers Paradise"!  First, the amazing happy hour of 50cent oysters, then the $10 Pate plate. I never thought of myself as a "Liver" man but John Besh has turned me into one. 
The service was adequate if a little over-bearing but the food and drinks made up for it...Delicious! Had the shrimp and grits, croque Madame and the seafood gumbo. All amazing!!! We ate every last bite! Definitely will be coming back here on our next trip to Nola!One of the best dinners I've ever had! We ate the Shrimp and Grits and Luke Cheeseburger.Great food. Good service. John Besh is the man! 
We were there for the oysters happy hour extravaganza. I recommend Luke to tourists and locals alike!Being a local, I have to give Luke 3 stars... Ok 3 & 1/2 if I could. I love the atmosphere and the food is pretty good, but I wouldn't ever go out of my way to eat here. I've been several times with high hopes since I'm a Besh fan but haven't ever really been impressed. 
I think there are better places in the city where you can get similar food. It's one of the better places in the CBD I suppose, but not city-wide. 
To sum it up, food is good but not amazing. And they do have a great happy hour!For all the hype and build-up I received about Luke, it was a little bit of a let down. I had the wienerschnitzel and my friend had the shrimp and grits. My pork was pounded thin and cooked well. It was pretty tender, the panko crust was golden and crispy but could have used a bit of flavor. The wild mushroom ragout was a little lack luster. It tasted heavily of sherry, but had almost nothing else going for it besides a heap full of really amazing wild mushrooms (which was redeeming). The fries are shoestring and thin, and really tasty when they're piping hot, but stale quickly and then get kind of hard and yucky. My friend had the shrimp and grits, which was good, but overly rich even for a typically overly rich dish. We had a beyond amazing meal the next day at Commander's for the same price. Wouldn't do it again. I do, however, hear that their happy hour is great! Good oysters, their raw bar seemed on point.Simply did not stand up to rating. Very mundane at best. They did offer to substitute some veggies for the less than satisfying potatoes served with roasted chicken.Came here for my birthday brunch (visiting from New York) and the service was amazing. Our server Matt was so pleasant and just simply amazing. He brought me a banana pudding dessert with a candle on it and omgggg it was amazingggg!! Only thing i didn't like were the grits that had jalapeños (hate jalapeños) and they ran out of regular grits that they serve for Breakfast (our reservation was at 1pm). Other than that everything was scrumptious. My best friend had the chicken and waffles that she devoured. Great and cute spotThis restaurant was the perfect way to greet the day after a very long night. We had a sampling of brunch items and raw gulf oysters, and everything was phenomenal. For me, the star of the show was the buttermilk biscuit that came with my breakfast plate. It was fresh, delicious, and crispy and doughy in all the right places. Reminded me of the biscuits my grandmother used to make. Utterly perfect.If you're adventurous in your food-tasting, I guess this would be the place to go.
I came here during Mardi Gras weekend, and found it (after searching for 30 minutes) in one of the alleyways with very few people dining in. It seemed strange to me, as people on the streets were raging outside, why this restaurant was as deserted as it was. I soon found out the reason.
THE FOOD was definitely not my cup of tea. We were feeling adventurous and ordered the Pâté of Louisiana rabbit & chicken livers and Pied de cochon
"croustillant" off the Charcuterie section. NOT WHAT WE WERE EXPECTING. Apart from the fact that we did not speak French and had NO idea what we were ordering, the waiter made no attempt to help us despite our questioning gazes. When they arrived, the croustillant turned out to be two small pieces of deep-fried undistinguishable meat (or pig's feet meat, not that we could tell). We couldn't see where the Louisiana rabbit & chicken livers were, but on the other plate was a jar full of questionable jam. We soon found out the "jam" was actually the "pâté" of the livers. Ech.
THE SERVICE was pretty absent (or should I say absentminded?). When we first entered the restaurant, the host was talking on the phone with her friend/SO, and even though we stood right in front of her, she kept on giggling to the person on the other end of the phone. It wasn't until a man with a managerial vibe stood behind her that she hung up the phone and showed us to our seats. Our waiter clearly was not really paying attention. He told us he would bring us water with lemons and straws, and it took him 30 minutes to bring just the water, without the lemons and straws (but I guess I must be too picky). When it was time to ring up the check, he brought us a check totaling $100. Um excuse me? No way two deep-fried balls and a jar of pate could cost $100. We had to wait for him to come around to ask him if it was the right check. So in total: 
Time we spent waiting for service = 1-2 hours
Time we spent eating = 10 minutes
Get the picture?
THE ATMOSPHERE was pretty good. Dim lighting gave off a romantic kind of feel. The bookshelves were a nice touch. Made me want to grab a book and start reading it while waiting for service.I have visited Luke's several times recently after a business stint in New Orleans and have always been pleased with my meal and the prompt service.  Like it's casual French bistro atmosphere, the food is comforting and filling with substantial, easy-to-recognize dishes.  Forget the unpronounceable entrees you find at 80% of Nola restaurants; you know what you are getting here.  I have really enjoyed the shrimp n grits with its rich buttered and creamed grits and luscious (yes, luscious describes food), spicy shrimp.  But I envy you burger lovers because the cheeseburger looks incredible.  Good for a family, a casual date, or even a meal solo.  I strongly recommend as a break from the over-the-top French Quarter mes.I came here for dinner. The service was okay, she hardly came around to our table. 
Beet salads (3/5) - The dressing was delicious with the pecan caramel. However, they need to chop those veggies smaller because when I eat the sauce would get all over my face. 
Fried oyster salad (3/5) - The best part is the fried oysters
Flammenkuchen (1/5) - Cheesy, salty and sweet....I did not like it at all
Cream brulee (4/5)
Overall, it was an okay restaurant. I heard their lunch/brunch menu is much better so I would come back to try their brunch.Went for my mom's birthday. Our waiter, Kenneth, was amazing. Everything was perfect. They brought champagne to our table as we sat down. Then, it was happy hour til 6 so our choice of cocktails were half price. We ordered the brussel sprouts, which were INCREDIBLE. Then my mom and I split the swordfish and the drum, both of which were insanely good. We also got an order of jalapeño grits -- yum. Then, as if we weren't full enough, they brought us dessert, on the house, for my mom's special day -- a delicious bread pudding with homemade vanilla ice cream. 
Everything was so flavorful and the prices were EXTREMELY reasonable for the serving sizes and quality of the dishes. We will definitely be back. 
Thanks for making this such a great, memorable night!Oyster happy hour is phenomenal. Service is attentive as wellMy expectations were quite high as the place was listed in the " must visit" in NOLA.  Maybe I caught them on a bad night. The atmosphere was nice enough. The wait staff friendly but so-so. We were a party of 4. We ordered cocktail, the appetizers. The appetizers came out before the cocktails, which I thought was odd. I ordered the same drink, several times. Each time it came, it looked different from the last. They have a dish on the menu with Marcona almonds. They almonds were not Marcona almonds. Ok, yeah, big deal. But the point is, the menu says one thing, they deliver another.  Not what top tier joints do. Shrimp and grits was very good. Other meals were ok, not stellar.  I think NOLA has many better choices. Limited selection in bar.The oysters are amazing and especially the warm chocolate mouse dessert!I enjoyed my dinner at Luke.
Our table of eight shared the chicken and rabbit pate, mussels, salad, and foie gras. Everything except for the mussels were great. I have to remind myself to avoid molluscs in New Orleans, they really do not agree with me.
For mains, I had the shrimp and grits and discovered that I love grits! Although the size was on the smaller size for the American and NOLA palette, it was perfect for me. 
From what I heard, the chicken and duck confit were wonderful as well, but the fish entree and the fries with the mussels were salty.
Overall, the meal was a little pricey for the ambience and serving size. Service was good and timing, for New Orleans was almost fast. (So average speed for any other city.)
I would visit again, and would order any of the appetizers, cocktails, and would ask them to go easy on the salt on the mains.Was really pumped to try this place Bc John Beche has such a good reputation but it was totally mediocre.  I'm from NYC so have access to excellent food and maybe that's why I found everything to be lacking but generally there wasn't anything j couldn't cook at home myself. Don't bother.The service was very good here. I came during happy hour and my drinks were very strong. I ordered a matzo ball soup-  very good and with flavorful broth. I also had the  beet salad because I'd already had enough fried food at lunch. It was light and refreshing and I loved the spicy pecan candied garnish. Very good. I finished my meal with the bread pudding which I didn't care for personally, I felt like the ice cream texture was flat, and I don't think I like bread pudding. But I'm assuming it's good if you like it because everyone gives it good reviews. The flavor was there. I enjoyed my dinner and my happy hour buzz.A must go for happy hour if you want quality oysters (75 cents otherwise about double that price). The salad Luke's creamy dressing was also nice. This won't seem like a burger place but get a burger and fries- you will thank me later.Best fried oysters ever. And best brussel sprouts ever. Hands down. No question. We wanted to get more food but weren't starving so we decided on fried oyster salad which came with a generous amount of oysters and were perfectly fried and with a perfect texture! The shrimp and grits was also just perfect and the brussel sprouts....I need that recipe- some magical honey balsamic vinaigrette w almonds and cheese on top. Will need to go back again whenever we're back in New Orleans.My girlfriends and I went for the Happy Hour and it was AMAZING.
The service was great from start to finish. 
e all ordered some cocktails to start as well as 2 dozen oysters (raw and grilled). We also ordered a variety of sides to share: pate, brussels sprouts, grits, and fries.
Our table raved about all the sides particularly the brussels sprouts were sweet and caramelized (perfection).
We went another round of oysters before we asked for the check. The oysters were so fresh.
I can't wait for the next opportunity to venture back for another meal here.We went here for the happy hour raw oysters.  Heaven! $.75 each and they were perfection. Cold, crisp, huge, not a speck of grit in the two dozen we had.  We're in love.  The service was expedient. Not super friendly but the oysters made up for it. I was reading an article about the best oyster happy hours and we had decided to try the Blind Pelican too. By contrast Luke is like Nordstrom and the Blind Pelican is an extra dirty Walmart.  Don't waste your time going anywhere else for raw oysters. Come here from 3-6p and enjoy!  Drinks are all on special too.Warm, welcoming ambiance to accompany a delicious meal of oysters, crab bisque, shrimp gumbo and the famed Luke Burger. Left feeling full and satisfied. There's also a great selection of wines by the glass and some excellent house-brewed beer. Coming from New York, I found the prices reasonable.Lüke. One of the first restaurants in NOLA I chose to call my fave 4 years ago. 
This thought still holds true today. 
It's my fave because so many dishes have been my go-to since the beginning. Eggs in a jar...go-to, shrimp and grits...go-to, pain perdu....still shouting from the rooftops. 
It's also my fave because of this reason, always changing and bringing the best to the table. Softshell crab BLT, croque monsieur, and beignets oh my! 
I can't leave out the bevs... French pressed Joe and a French 75 to start your adventure in New Orleans. 
Did I mention they have a spectacular looking bar? Go see for yourself.We had dinner here at 10 pm on a Thursday night after driving 8 hours from Dallas, TX to New Orleans. 
We were greeted warmly and the wait staff treated us as if we were royalty. 
Highlights:
*great drinks--French 75 and Sauzerac
*nice wine selection 
*brussel sprouts appetizer
*corn and crab bisque
*rib eye steak!!Food here was delicious! Everything tasted fresh and very flavorful! It's a bit pricier but very reasonable if you want to go for a nice dinner or a date night. I tried both their raw oysters and fried oysters and honestly I prefer the fried, I think it had a lot more flavor to it. The raw oysters were good too, you can really taste the sea water in it. Their shrimp and grit was AMAZING! I've had a few shrimp and grit dishes around New Orleans and this was hands down the best so definitely order this dish!I really like this place a lot. We originally came here to check out the brunch menu but we arrived too early and only the breakfast menu was available. We got the sausage biscuit which was alright... I don't think it was anything special or worth the price tag. We were so disappointed with our limited options that we decided to come back to dinner the same night. We got the stuffed oysters, pâté, burger and fried oyster salad. The stuffed oysters have definitely been the best oysters I've had in NOLA thus far... Or ever. He pâté was also delicious and one of the best I've ever had. I didn't try the burger but it looked perfectly cooked. The fried oyster salad was such a let down. The fried oysters were not good. It was more batter than oyster... And overly seasoned in my opinion. The best thing about the salad was the avocado...
The service was great and food came out speedy. I would highly recommend coming here for the oysters and pâté alone!!This place is truly average. I've been here on 3 different occasions and have found the menu to stay almost completely the same, with very limited options. 
I've tried the steak, the burger, and the soft shell crab BLT. Out of those 3, the burger was the best, because a burger can never be that terrible. The steak as I recall was just decent and lacked much taste. Last night I tried the soft shell crab blt. It was definitely a beautiful presentation, but there was way too much going on in regards to taste. It was sweet and salty, which tasted weird. There was some sort of bbq sauce on it that completely ruined the dish in my opinion. It was also overpowered by lettuce. The French fries here are completely mediocre too. 
I also ordered one of their special drinks. The drink was extremely strong and difficult to even put down. 
So, why 3 stars? Service was damn good. And their raw bar is unbelievable. Some of the best oysters I've had.Literally one of the best meals I have had in the quarter!  Shrimp n grits is one of my favorite things to eat in the South...their version cannot be topped.  Can't wait to come back here.I loved this place! Great service, shrimp and grits and hot mussels are excellent. It is a bit loud!Overall 4.0 great seafood. 
Service: I sat at the bar, it was OK but nothing special. 
Food: I only got the Oysters and some of the best in NOLA, served fresh on top of ice to keep them cold. Fresh horseradish and if you sit at the bar and chat with the people schucking they might let you try an oyster or two you didn't order. 
The salad was nice and refreshing and the burgers are delicious. 
A place you have to visit for some of the best Oysters in NOLAMy wife and I visit New Orleans regularly, and every time we're there, we go to Lüke every day for Happy Hour. Their oysters are stellar, and at half price, I eat four dozen at a sitting. We have tried quite a few of the items on their menu, and my wife recently had their Ragout of Wild Boar and loved it. I tried it too, and it was a fantastic treat. Their Crab Bisque rocks, and it's a decent sized portion. We've also had the Flamenkuchen, which is like a flatbread pizza with bacon and onion; it's quite tasty and crispy. We've had their giant Lüke burgers and loved them too, they're fantastic, and prepared perfectly. In fact, we brought their burgers back on the plane last year, and they were delectable. They serve a bevy of beers, whiskeys, cognacs, wines and other spirits, all of high quality and drinkability. I actually drink the Mountain Valley Sparkling Water most of the time, with an occasional beer or wine, which are also half price for Happy Hour. The servers here are great, and we drew one of the same friendly waiters, Kyle P., that we had last year, for a couple of our visits this year. He was exceptional and warm, as well as genuine. The service is fast,  but not rushed, and the manner is warm and professional. The atmosphere is upscale, but not pretentious or haughty, and the dress is from business, to t-shirt-casual. The prices are not cheap, but the food is outstanding. Owner John Besh runs a tight ship, and we owe our lovely friend Marci for turning us on to their Happy Hour. Thank you Lüke for making our afternoons between 3 and 6pm in New Orleans, oyster-packed, comfort-food-filled and very enjoyable.This restaurant is 5 star food and service. We went here for a bachelorette party and they brought us complimentary champagne toast. Richie Rich was wonderfully nice and knew the perfect entrée for us by only a few clues to what we like. The food is French German influence so if you don't like that then this isn't the place for you. Finally, try the bread pudding! AmazingMe and my husband stayed for two days in New Orleans. All I have to say about this place is: Amazing food! Full of flavor! Perfectly executed! The establishment was very clean, very good service, and I loved their decor. I loved everything I ordered at this place. Me and my husband were very satisfied with the service and the food. If we ever go back to New Orleans, we will definitely visit this place again!Wow where do I even begin?? Remember Spicoli from Fast Times at Ridgemont High? OK well that was basically our waiter, Rich. He was EFFIN HILARIOUS! We heard the following phrases during dinner:
"Wha wha?!"
"This shiz is going to be awesome!"
"Here are your vagtables."
There were so many other gems, but honestly I can't even remember. Regardless, we were there for a birthday and Rich went out of his way to make our experience special. We were giggling all night and his persona.
We had the onion tarte and brussel sprouts to share and I had the Grilled Mahi. Honestly the descriptions on the menu don't even serve the food justice. Mahi with caper butter? Sounds rather ordinary. But no that's where you'd be wrong. It was so good I actually wiped my clean, which I NEVER do. It was served with kale, but not regular kale salad. These were more like spiced kale chips. I was like HOW DO I MAKE THESE AT HOME??? I wanted a bag to take with me just so I could snack on them.
The birthday cake was a little piece of chocolatey heaven. I'm not sure what it was but it tasted like flourless chocolate cake with ice cream. It was super moist and dense. Not too bitter and not too sweet. 
When I go back to New Orleans, Luke's will definitely be on my go to list.Great restaurant. Right across the street from our hotel. Fantastic happy hour. 75 cents raw oysters that were very fresh and clean. The liver pate is to die for. Best food in town. 
Happy hour starts at 3 here, then go across the street for more happy hour( more oysters and other great appetizers). Finish off the happy hour hopping down the street till 8 at the Marriot. Then you will be all set for dinner back here.I came here tonight with my cousin and best friend, hoping for a great time. We were out celebrating a birthday!
First of all, the service was HORRIBLE. I don't know if it was because they undermined us because we looked young, but it seems as if every table was getting attention BUT us. Not only that, but we sat next to a couple that WOULD NOT STOP ARGUING. Definitely ruined the experience of an upscale dinner. 
Second, the food was mediocre. We ordered the shrimp and grits, rotisserie chicken, and ribeye. Everything was overly salted and poorly portioned.  Definitely had higher expectations due to the chef's name attached.  
We will NOT be coming back ever. We could totally receive more for what we spent elsewhere. It was definitely an experience. Pictures are posted. It looked better than it tasted.LUKE offers a great breakfast !  A bit on the pricey side for breakfast but definitely worth trying.  The breakfast menu has about 10-12 items and you can see a picture of it above.  We had the Basket of Beignets with chocolate sauce, the Homemade Yogurt, Biscuit Sandwich and Cup of Fruit.  All were great and our waiter Jackson provided excellent service.Seeing as though this restaurant was directly across the street from our hotel, we opted for convenience, and safety (as it was Bayou Classic weekend).
Luckily, having no reservations, we were immediately seated. Our servers were great, and had excellent product knowledge. I was sold on a Blantons, and the Wife went with some vodka concoction, that was also excellent. For a starter, we went with the seafood gumbo. Amazing.
For our entrees, the Wife had a white fish, with crab meat, and I went with the shrimp and grits. We scarfed down these entrees like starving Ethiopians. The food was really that good. As far as my shrimp and grits, it was, by far, the best I've ever had.
Perfect food, excellent drinks, and great service. I can't wait to try a John Besh restaurant again.Love this place for the crab omelet...the ingredients were fresh and uniquely put together.  The service was great.  A bit loud and very busy during the day so definitely call in advance for a reservation.Food & Service was fantastic!  Best Shrimp & Grits I've ever had....and I've eaten plenty!  My husband had the ribeye & it was cooked to perfection.  Baked oysters were good, but still prefer the char-grilled ones.  I also had a cup of Crab Bisque & it was wonderful.  I will definitely be back!!Great Burger.  I kept thinking I was eating a smoked briscuit sandwich it was so flavorful.Came here with the team one night so we shared a few things. The French 75 is a NOLA classic cocktail and must be tried. The kuchen flatbread is fantastic. We got the PJ Oysters and they were amazing, I preferred the raw but the fried were good too. The Luke Salad is absolutely amazing. The shrimp ettouffe is served with amazing homemade pasta. (I can't spell, my apologies) The gnocchi is made on premises and also great. Finally, many folks at the table got the matzo ball soup. It was good. The matzo balls were a little mushy on the outside but good and good texture in the center. Our server (maybe Elliot?) was great and reminded me of Crispin Glover/Cillian Murphy. Highly recommend.Fantastic, I repeat fantastic place to go for breakfast or brunch. We were steered here by 2 different locals, a bar tender and a fellow working in a hot sauce shop. The grits, andouille sausage, bacon were all perfect. The grits in particular.....we came back a few days later and had their breakfast burrata. It was spectacular. Deconstructed to its individual parts then allowing you to put each bite together however you like. So unbelievably good.......we will definitely be back next time in town!!The atmosphere and the restaurant itself was great, but the food was average at best. I had the burger, which I heard was one of the best, and I didn't think it was that special. I have had "many" burgers that were tastier than this one. The fries would have been good, but the ones they served me were nothing but crumbs. My wife had the shrimp and grits and she said they were good. So that was a positive. Service was average. 
Out of all the places to eat in NOLA, there are better options elsewhere.Five of us dined here and we all loved the food! Even the fries that came with the kids meal were delicious! We tried the gumbo, crawfish bisque, brussel sprouts, shrimp and grits, burger and a side of veggies. Everything was delicious!I've never reviewed a restaurant on Yelp before but my family's dinner at Luke was so phenomenal that I felt compelled to write. This meal was one of the top three meals of my life and I've eaten at some of the best restaurants in the world. Our waiter, Richie Rich, was the best waiter we've ever had. The perfect combination of funny, knowledgeable, and compassionate, he made us feel like part of his family. The food was to die for. The bread was warm and fresh. The drinks were perfectly mixed. The raw oysters were fresh and succulent. I had the shrimp étouffée, which was excellent. My wife had the chicken, which was perfectly cooked and full of flavor. My children split the chicken tenders, which were obviously hand-breaded and perfectly cooked. The desserts were to die for! This was the best meal I've ever had in New Orleans and I've never had a bad meal in that town. Don't sleep on Luke!I Went on a thursday night. It was after 10, so the place was fairly empty. my waiter Greg was attentive and personable. Ordered a bookers bourbon on the rocks. 
They have a prix fixe menu that they call "express meals" , its your choice of soup the entree of the day and choice of dessert. The brisket sounded delicious so I went for it. And since I was already going kind of Jewish, I decided to get the matzo ball soup with it. 
The cup of soup had quite a bit of broken up matzo ball in it. It was  well made and light. The broth was good, not as good as mine but whose is?
The brisket was tasty and delicious and a very reasonable portion with tiny carrots and potatoes in an good broth.
For dessert I had Bread pudding just like every where else I was in New Orleans, again an excellent example like everywhere else i went in New Orleans.Great food and service- food was fast, fresh, and delicious!  Great brunch spot- you can't go wrong!Stayed in the Hilton St Charles. As the mardi gras parades had the streets blocked, we opted not to venture out and ordered to go here. Food was good, service at the bar was fine. The staff was friendly.  The restaurant was fairly busy (Saturday night), but not too loud. The guy next to me had mussels that looked awesome.  Maybe next time.Right downstairs of the Hilton and across the Intercontinental, it's a spacious restaurant that seems good for locals and tourists alike. Went the first night for dinner and I have to say it was alright. Maybe cos I'm a native New Yorker where options are endless and there are quality restaurants everywhere. Service was a bit lacking for a Monday night where the restaurant was about half full. 
A lot of other patrons ordered the schnitzel which was humongous. Our entrees of blue crab cavatelli and shrimp n grits were very flavorful. The ragout lamb pasta however was a bit of a disappointment. It wasn't bad but wasn't great either. The presentation of it didn't help either. However, we came back the night after for solely the happy hour 50 cents oysters!!! That is unheard of in NYC so we had to try it. It was shucked more clean, but the flavor wasn't as great as the other famous seafood chain that starts with a D and rhymes with Lego. However, you can make reservations here. Three dozens came in a matter of minutes so this is worth a stop.Very nice atmosphere, the food was really good as well! We had the shrimp and grits which was great and I highly recommend that. We also ordered the swordfish which was good.The chicken and waffles is a great brunch option. Decent wine selection. Get the crispy potatoes over the friesThis is our first time here. I had to write this review before we left because I do not want to forget how wonderful the food is. Kayla, our server, was pleasant, informative, and extremely knowledgeable about the food.
We had the Goat Cheese Stuffed Squash Blossoms for an appetizer, the Jumbo Louisiana Shrimp "En Cocotte" or Shrimp and Grits, and Croque-Madame for our meal. 
The appetizer was a fantastic mix of tangy and slightly sweet using all Louisiana ingredients. The shrimp and grits were the best I have ever had, my absolute favorite. The croque-Madame was a perfect mix of ham, cheese, and egg. Melt in your mouth Chisesi ham. 
If you are in town for a day or you live here, I highly suggest stopping in for a meal. This restaurant is now on our top list of must visit again places.Food is not worth the price, fills a hole at best. Went there for brunch because of the reviews. Menu had some leftover food on it from last customers. Service was ok, coffee was way too strong and had floating grounds in it. Probably one of our least favourite meals while staying in New Orleans.We came here for happy hour. $.75 raw oysters & $1.25 fried. We got the fried oysters and they were served with a hot sauce mayonnaise concoction. Over all they were good and tender yet crispy. 
We all ordered drinks. I wasn't impressed with those which is sad for a happy hour. 
Our server was great. He anticipated all of our needs and a sweet guy. 
We decided to have a progressive dinner and eat somewhere else. The dinners sound good. The prices were a bit on the pricy side.Great fresh oysters. I'm giving them five stars for the wonderful happy hour. 75 cent oysters from 3 to 6. Friendly and quick service.If I had to choose my deathbed meal, it would probably be shrimp & grits. I'd like to think I've become somewhat of a connoisseur of my favorite dish. Luke's s&g are pretty darn good, and the lunch size is perfect. The crab bisque is also delicious. We had a table right by the kitchen and it was so fun to watch them whip everything up. The chef even sent us over an appetizer which consisted of pork belly, pecans, brussel sprouts, pomegranate seeds, and who knows what else- it was an amazing combination of flavors and we couldn't get enough!We weren't planning to make this a stop on our trip, but I'm glad we did. This was our first meal in NOLA and we did not have time to make reservations anywhere else. Our concierge recommended this place so we went along with it. It is located in the Hilton just outside the French Quarter. 
He ordered the burger, which the server notified us was one of the top 5 burgers in the US. When it came, it made me wish I ordered one as well. After having a bite, I was blown away. The bun was hearty enough to hold everything in the burger, but soft and absorbed all the juices. The meat was juicy and cooked well. The bacon was not salty like storebought bacon. It was smoky and tasted amazing. Just a note, our server recommends ordering this burger the way you order a steak. They grind their meat fresh every morning. 
I started with the beet salad with greens, spiced pistachios, and blue cheese. Toasted pistachios are a weakness of mine, and the textures of the cheese and nuts went well with the beets. 
The entree I ordered was the mussels. This is a favorite dish of mine to order at restaurants, but never had I received an order with so many mussels! The broth was not oily and was perfect to dip the french fries in. Without help from the boyfriend, I would not have been able to finish this entree on my own. 
Our dining experience would not have been complete with our awesome server, Rye. He knew the menu inside out and gave us history of the restaurant. Everything served is locally grown or grown by the restaurant themselves. Luke also has choice of its own two beers, a light or amber beer and a great local beer list. 
We were too full to even look at the dessert menu, but I am sure there were some great options on there!I was in town for business and too tired to venture out and find something. Since I was staying at the Hilton next door, I decided to go out of convenience. I thought I would keep it simple with a burger and a beer. I'm always a sucker for a good burger!  I'll say that the burger meat itself was cooked to perfection (medium) with some great smokey flavor. However, the accompaniments were not so impressive. The bacon was limp, there was very little cheese, the bun was dry and crumbly, and the fries were barely warm and limp. If they had taken the time to prepare everything properly, it could have been amazing. For an $18 burger, I expect there to be a little more attention to detail.Lüke, how I love you,
I thought I had experienced happiness before we met, 
You introduced me to the level above happy, 
Pure perfection,
Elevated elation, 
JOY!
Lüke, simple words are not enough,
To express my love,
My devotion, 
To your deluctable food,
Your incredible service, 
Every part of my experience with you, 
PERFECTION!
Lüke, I wish I could keep you all to myself,
But like fine art, 
You must be enjoyed by all,
Thank you for your existence.Of the fine dining restaurants in Nola, this is my favorite.  I would stop short of saying it's the absolute best food in town, but I like the combination of good food, interesting menu, and comfortable atmosphere.  The service is usually good too.  The cold seafood is always great, as are the fries and bisque.  I generally get the ribeye, which is not the best steak I've ever had, but combined with the frites and homeade steak sauce, its pretty damn good.One of my favorite spots in NOLA.  Everything is fresh and seasoned so well. Would recommend making reservations ahead of time. I've tried lots of different things here (cocktails, starters, and entrees)... Never disappoints!BEST SHRIMP AND GRITS EVER! Totally want to go back for some more! Their oysters were awesome too! However, service was kind of slow, but it was a busy night!P ml hi o Jv 89274077147 mm 
p I'm I l l eat dry Jojo o mpub k0  m p7k H I  MI k WA lyI highly recommend coming here. If you do, ask for Kevin and Rich. Fantastic professional servers. They make you feel at home here. The food was unbelievable too. It was an overall great atmosphere and our waiters were wonderful. If you are in New Orleans, you must come here !Excellent happy hour if you can get a seat at the bar. I stayed there all night once I managed to nab a stool. A nice dude, and total stranger bought me and another new friend I made sitting in my other side tequila shots. Thanks Miles! It was the girl on my left's 21st Bday. 
Do yourself a favor and get the crab salad as an appetizer with those airy chips. I loved the hint of grainy mustard and the huge pieces of crab. I also tried the smoked fish spread as a starter and thoroughly enjoyed their shrimp and grits. The bartender, Kristoffer recommended I add lump crab to the S&G. Ummmmm, yes please! It was divine! Thanks Kristoffer and staff!This place is part of the Hilton hotel and way more expensive than the Yelp price range suggests.  Room-service food at room-service prices!Tried out this place for lunch with my SO. We ordered the tried eggplant, a bowl of their gumbo, and the jumbo Louisiana shrimp "en cocotte."
The waiter brought us bread and butter. Normal baguette and nothing special.
The fried eggplant is served with a marinara sauce. I would have personally wanted more cheese in the eggplant and a thicker sauce, but this was not too bad. The presentation of the dish is also exquisite. The eggplant was served in a small fryer basket on top of a thick cutting board. The sauce was served in a creme brulee sort of cup and also on the same board. I probably won't order the fried eggplant again since I didn't love it, but my SO loved it a lot.
The gumbo has fantastic flavor. The portion is quite small, but the flavors make up for it. It's served with a bit of white rice.
The shrimp and grits is fantastic. Jumbo shrimp was slightly overcooked, but shrimp tastes good regardless. The grits were cooked perfectly with a sauce and served with sausage. This is a delicious Southern staple.
The portions are okay and prices are not too bad for food in Louisiana.Friday, lunchtime, go to Lüke and order the special off of the "Express Menu," the court-bouillon (comes with soup (or salad upon request), $15), and be amazed. This is essentially a sort of seafood stew with oysters, crab claws, shrimp, and redfish, and it's absolutely delicious. Even if you're allergic to shellfish, order this, and be confident that your final meal will be worth it. Especially at that price--your survivors won't be left with much of a bill to cover!
Shortly after arriving in New Orleans I found myself here for lunch, and it certainly set a high standard for anything that was to follow. The city is known for its great food, and this is certainly one of the spots to go. Of course, I can't speak for the rest of the menu, but as a mostly-vegetarian that eats the occasional food from the sea, this was an excellent introduction to the city.
Aside from the special menu, prices are a bit, well, pricey, but at $15, the (Friday!) lunch special is a steal. Definitely a recommendation for the friends.A great place away from all the noise, waitstaff friendly, prices a bit high but well worth it. A very classy spot. I love how they are open until 11pm.An unpretentious throwback to Old World New Orleans. Luke offers German specialties such as house-made sausages, classic French fares and super fresh Louisiana Seafood. They have an extensive wine and beer selection. 
Flammenkuchen- Thin alsacien onion tarte, bacon, emmenthaler cheese. This appetizer could have well been my main dish. 4/5. Try it!  
Matzo ball and roast chicken soup - mehhhh...I compare Luke's matzo ball soup 3/5 with that of NAT N' AL 5/5 in Beverly Hills, California. 
Shrimp and grits- not a fan of creole, but this dish was spot-on. This dish is perfect to share and with bread......awwwwww 5/5.  Try it!  
Just one last thought. Just be aware that in today's world, your customers have the power to share their positive or negative experiences on social network. For every one person who complains, there are thousands who will not. They just will just stop doing business with you. This being said, the hostess of the day is in need of customer service training.Came here twice on a short trip. Food and ambience are both great. The most amazing thing about this restaurant is our waiter Gary. Was fortunate enough to enjoy his company both times and he couldn't have been more hospitable. Come and ask for Gary!Had a wonderful early dinner there Monday night.  The service was outstanding and with happy hour rolling, the value was also outstanding. The duckduck rice and crispy brussel sprouts were superb and the raw oysters very fresh and super tasty - better than many others in town.  In fact, while not a place for a quiet meal, the ambiance was good and the overall experience top notch. Will definitely go again!Wow! If this place isn't in the mix for best burger in the city, then something is terribly wrong in the universe. The signature burger here, the Luke burger, is quite simply amazing. For starters, it is huge. There is probably a full pound of beef in it. They cook it the way you order it, which isn't always a given at restaurants - medium-rare came out perfectly medium-rare. Then they top the burger with melted cheese and a heap of delicious caramelized onions. If you want mayo, mustard or ketchup then you get little individual bottles on the side so you can add them to taste. Add some great lightly fried and salted french fries on the side and you have one amazing meal. (For extra points, you can even spice up the ketchup with the Tabasco sauce that is on every table, but I understand that not everyone likes their food as spicy as I do.)
This restaurant is a little on the spendy side, but they do have an Express menu to help keep the cost down a little. For $23, which is very reasonable for the quality of the establishment, you can have a cup of soup, the entree of the day, and a dessert. They also have some good Happy Hour specials if you can make it there at the right time.
Overall, this is a great place. The food is wonderful, and the place has a great atmosphere - the old timey tin ceilings are great! The service was a little slow the last time I was there, but I'm chalking that up as an anomaly and giving it 5 stars for the excellent, excellent food.Come at happy hour and get a French 75 and the stuffed oysters. You won't regret it! The atmosphere here is great and the food is well worth the stop. They have great drink specials and delicious oysters. This was one of our favorite stops in NOLACame here with a party of 9 when down visiting my brother. I was so excited to try this place after reading all the reviews and dining at other John Besh restaurants. Honestly, I left just slightly disappointed. Everything was good but some dishes were just ok. The seafood gumbo was really nothing great. Lacked flavor and I don't think I had any seafood in it! We had an order of king crab legs which were great!
Entrees were also hit or miss. The roasted chicken was good but a little dry and the skin was kind of soggy. The grilled swordfish was also very dry and extremely fishy tasting. I didn't get to taste the burger but I heard it was good. The grilled ribeye was cooked more medium when asked medium rare but it was a great tasting steak. Awesome flavor and that maitre d hotel butter is unbelievable! The star which we all agreed upon was the shrimp and grits which was my entree. The shrimp were cooked perfectly and the jalapeño cheese grits were insane! An awesome dish! 
Overall Luke was a great meal! Nothing really negative to say about it. A few dishes lacked in my opinion and others were really great.A typical refined oyster bar with friendly staff & well portioned dishes. The service however regarding pacing of dishes is off & needs refinement as main courses were brought while we we still working on our appetizers & then we were expected to make room. Overall though a good place to perhaps meet friends.I went here for lunch and started off with the crawfish bisque and it was the perfect way to start off a chilly morning. It was creamy, rich, and truly tasted like crawfish. I wish I had some right now in this cold NY blizzard. What's a lunch without some champagne au poire? It was light and complimented my heavy jumbo Louisiana shrimp en cocette well. The shrimp sucked up such much flavor of the broth that every bite was juicy. The creamy fluffy texture of the grit balanced out the heavy sauce. Come here for lunch. You won't be disappointed.I ate here with my boyfriend on New Year's Eve for a nice dinner before heading out for the night. While the food was very good (4 stars), the service was poor. We ordered a second round of drinks, but the waitress completely forgot to enter the order. The waitress was not around to get her attention to remind her. Luckily, a hostess/manager was floating around the restaurant asking how things were and we told her about our missing drinks. She was able to get our drinks quickly; although, since our waitress forgot, we didn't end up getting them unitl after our meal was served. I also noticed that other tables had received bread and butter, which we never got. It also took awhile for our dinner plates to be cleared and for our check to come. Also, there was a very drunk group at the bar, wandering around and bumping into the servers and making loud remarks. I would expect a group like this on Bourbon Street and not at a nicer restaurant, yet nothing was done and they kept on serving them drinks. Overall, the service was slow and not very attentive.
I would dine here again in hopes that the poor service was a fluke. The raw oysters were probably the freshest I had on my visit to NOLA. The Shrimp & Grits dish was good, althougn not as good as Mr. B's.Luke is always a great experience. 
My favorites:
-50 cent raw oyster happy hour. 
-Paneed pork chop with red beans. Thick, smoky red beans the way they should be. 
-Oyster salad. Not your average disappointing oyster salad with 3 oysters. Almost a dozen of the best fried oysters you can eat. 
I return to New Orleans often, and even when I resist, I always end up back at Luke, and always am pleased.Amazing food and service. We walked in on Sunday afternoon and was greeted by the fantastic bartender, Steve, who helped us pick out our meal. I was excited about all the fresh seafood, unfortunately the stone crab claws were on display, but not available. We did get delicious oysters, watch out the horseradish is spicy. Had the blue crab soup also delicious and because Steve told the chef we wanted to see what the restaurant offered, he sent a complimentary gumbo that was fabulous. For our main entree we got something that was not on the menu, but Steve told us was a great dish to show off the restaurant, a pork shank with onions and potatoes and sauage and then a little hidden secret pork belly. All of it was wonderful. The skin on the pork was crispy and fatty and the meat fell off the bone and eating with the hidden pork belly made it more delicious. We will be back!Luke is a John Besh restaurant. It is known for their 75 cents oysters at Happy Hour, from 3PM-6PM every day. If you like oysters, this place is definitely for you. However, I tried Luke for breakfast. I ordered the chicken and biscuits. It was awesome. The challenge with fried chicken is that it is easy to dry out the meat. The best fried chicken is tender and juicy in the inside while maintaining the crispy skin on the outside. In this regard, Luke is on par with all the best fried chicken I have eaten. I have also been advised to use honey on fried chicken in the past. Until Luke, I refrained from doing so. However, Luke does not leave it up to you and it puts the honey on the chicken for you. I am glad it did because it was great. I also loved the biscuit. Like the chicken, it was soft in the inside and crunchy on the outside. The portion size is not huge. I was full but not stuffed. The dish also comes with grits. It is good but I am not a grits fan.
If you are visiting New Orleans and looking for recommendations, feel free to message me through Yelp and I can share my itinerary, which includes my Yelp reviews. The information for an electronic copy can also be found via my Yelp profile.Continues to be my favorite. Recently went to get the seafood tower which was ah-mazing. A lovely dinner splurge. Ask for Rich! He's the best. The epitome of southern service.I had lunch and dinner here on this trip. My lunch was not what I had hoped. The salad was basically lettuce and ranch dressing with beets hidden underneath. The croque monsieur had waaay too much bechamel sauce. I wanted to give it another chance, though, and I'm glad I did. At dinner, I had the ribeye and frites, while my husband had the schnitzel. Both were very good. We also had the greatest bread pudding ever. I disliked the serving methods (frites in a cone fell all over the table, bread pudding was hard to spoon out of a too-small cup) Service was great both times, but the dinner crowd was super noisy. Our server seemed to keep encouraging this hyena of a woman and her friends to laugh at every stupid joke, nearly screaming. I'm sure that woman had a great time, but the rest of us diners exchanged glances that said, "Is this really happening right now?" That would never happen at a real bistro in Paris.Great food and service; the shrimp and grits with poached eggs is incredible.My second time in NOLA in 2 months and Luke is the favorite so far. Excellent service, food, drinks, environment. Seems like a healthy combination of locals and tourists.I hadn't been to Luke in many years, so the other night a friend was staying at a hotel nearby and I suggested we go to Luke for dinner. I was disappointed that they only had one of the five selections of oysters, however we enjoyed some tasty P&J's oysters as an appetizer. We moved on to order the Shrimp and Crawfish Etouffee and the Crispy Brussels Sprouts. The etouffee was excellent, not too spicy on the cajun side and just right on the creole. I look forward to exploring more of their menu soon.I want to believe the customer service was a little slow because we went during Madi Gras. But No! I was talking to a total stranger from LA, California.  The topic of Mardi Gras came up, and I was like oh I was just down in New Orleans for my birthday. I mentioned a few restaurants that I went to and Lüke was one that I brought up. The guy asked me how did you like it because when I went  customer service was horrible. 
I was like wow, I thought it was just me! Which brings me to this review. My fiance and I went there for a late lunch. Once we were inside we were standing at the counter for about 5 minutes before three of the hostess even acknowledge that we were standing there. All three of the hostess were standing  talking and laughing as if they weren't at work.
Once we were finally seated and given the menu. We quickly realized the choices were very limited. I ordered the Shrimp and Grits and my fiance had the Gumbo. My food was adequate, it wasn't gross tasting but it wasn't all that either. Now the gumbo my fiance had. Was not appealing at all. It was a dark thick gravy and it had very little Seafood. I'm from Baton Rouge Louisiana so I know traditionally how Gumbo should look and taste, bottom line it was not good at all. 
The issue that I had was definitely the customer service, it sucked. For establishment to be that upscale and high-maintenance the hostesses were very unprofessional. 
The two waiters we had made the experience a little better because they were very attentive and concerned about how our experience was but I probably won't be back.