Food was good, drinks we're better, service was best. (April you are a rockstar). I just wish I had the good sense to go during happy hour.Awesome had the crab Avocado app and boudin rolls, pepper jelly was to die for. Hot garlic shrimp boil was great 2. Great spot with great drinks, good for a first date or with the family!First ever distillery restaurant in NOLA.  Fantastic brunch with bottomless vodka bar which is more than a Bloody Mary with fresh squeezed orange and grapefruit juice.  If you don't like vodka they will substitute for real.  Salads are delicious with homemade dressing and large enough to split.    Definitely make this a future stop.Happy hour deals are amazing and include seafood. The boudin egg rolls were awesome paired with our super strong cocktails (all happy hour price!). We ordered the shrimp basket and rainbow trout. The shrimp basket came with awesome spicy shrimp on top of really good thin cut fries. The rainbow trout was to die for. Good vibes hereWould love to be able to rate the food and drink but unfortunately the only thing we were able to sample was water. We choose Lula from the many options in NOLA, were seated on the patio and promptly ignored. The waiter took pictures for the other guests and chitchatted with the other tables but never even took our drink order. After waiting for a long while, we walked out. I don't think anyone noticed.French toast was great. Everything else we ordered was just so-so (salads, omelette..) Slow dining experience - we didn't get our food until 50 min after sitting down.Came here with a group of friends for dinner. Heard great things about their brunch and dinner, so we had to check it out! Their menu had lots of options, so my group had a hard time choosing appetizers and entrees. We ordered the Lump Crab & Avocado Dip and the Escargot Saint Michael for appetizers, then the Grilled Gulf Fish, Grilled Skirt Steak, Braised Pork Roast, and Blackberry Glazed Ribs for our entrees. 
The appetizers came out not too long after ordering, but they did not look too exciting. The Escargot Saint Michael sounded better on the menu than it tasted. It wasn't so flavorful. My friends and I were looking for the lump crab in the dip, but we think it was just finely mixed in there. It just tasted like avocado and mango put together as a dip. The entrees came shortly after finishing the appetizers. Everything looked very appealing and tasty. We all had a little piece of each of our entrees to try out. None of the entrees really stood out to us, even though the menu and pictures made them seem very captivating. The Grilled Skirt Steak was grilled very well and it was very nicely portioned, but it definitely need more seasoning. The Braised Pork Roast was pretty tender, but nothing to brag about. The Blackberry Glazed Ribs probably had the most flavor out of all of the entrees, but it was just decent.
Overall, the food here is pretty decent with a really cool interior. I was amazed when I walked in with the awesome architecture and view of the distillery through large windows. I heard really good things about their brunch and "All-You-Can-Drink-Vodka" option. I will definitely think about trying that out one day.Finally made it to the restaurant as recommended by a friend. This place is awesome. Service by Ian was professional and on time. Food was fresh. I had the crawfish and it was perfectly seasoned! My husband had the skirt steak, it was very tender and the succotash.... (OMG) was beyond delicious. Definitely one of my favorite places now! ICE cold beer is a plus!!! The decor is different, but it's a comfortable atmosphere with impeccable service!!!Délicieux. First eatery stop in New Orleans. The Blind Pelican was what our hotel suggested. Blind Pelican packed with a 90 minute wait. Place looks like a party, for sure.
Nope, hungry. We needed food. 
Short walk no line, fast service, industrial look instead of a Mardi Grais float motif and ooooh...the food was good.
I had rum laquered (like teriyaki) prawns on dirty rice. Fabulous. I asked for dirty rice instead of succotash (blergh) substitutes ok here. Love that! 
Hubby ordered flank steak, mashed potatoes  (another substitute) and salad. He loved.
M.  had catfish and fried dill pickles. She thought catfish best tasting ever but the darn thing was a sandwich. She didn't care for the bread. The fried pickle very different and quite tasty. 
S.  had pork scewers. He wanted more. Yum.
And the place makes its own rum,  vodka...The rum rocked. 
New Orleans is starting off a delight of dishes.New Orleans has so many food options. It's hard to know who has the best food because everything is so good but I truly believe we discovered the best chicken sandwich in New Orleans! 
When we arrived our server told us about a $20 unlimited vodka offering. We were too hung over to even think about alcohol. I wanted a Po boy but sadly they didn't have any so I begrudgingly ordered this chicken sandwich! Whoa! The bacon has the most amazing sweet crust of molasses and figs. The cheese is shredded and the chicken was cooked to perfection. Two of us ordered this and both agreed it was one of the best things we ate in the city! 
Our friend ordered the garlic shrimp bowl. She said the sauce was amazing and it was drizzled generously over the shrimp and the fries.
So good! Definitely make sure you check this one out!First off, this place has really cool features in the building, but okay food.
For appetizers, we had the lump crab and avocado dip which was good, very light in flavor. We also had the Escargot Saint Michael and that was not the favorite on the table. The only way I could describe it was different...kind of weird. Maybe trotter sauce is not my thing.
After looking through all the Yelp pictures, I ended up ordering the Braised Pork Roast with an Iberville salad. The braised pork roast was on the bland side, but tender and juicy. Also, it has the same sauce as the Escargot and that just threw it off for me. 
My friends had the Grilled Gulf Fish, Blackberry glazed ribs, and the Grilled Skirt Steak.  The fish was kind of bland as well as the skirt steak.  The blackberry glazed ribs were pretty flavorful and tender, just a little more hands on to eat.
The best part about this place is that they have their own distillery! I just wish they had better food.One of the best meals I've every had.
-The crawfish mac n cheese
-Coconut chicken soup? or gumbo? can't remember the name but so amazing and unique tasting
-The prawns were too fishy tasting for us
-The drinks were really good and amazing happy hour pricesThe food and service was excellent.  The staff was very nice and enjoyed giving us recommendations of what to do in New Orleans.  The planters punch & Lula's omelet were delicious.I was extremely disappointed with the food. We got the Iberville salad and the Lee Lee sandwich. Each dishes were lacking flavor. However, the most disappointing aspect of the visit was how rude the bartender was to our party. He was supposed to be our waiter and barked across the room instead of approaching our table with professionalism. I'm not sure of his name, but he was working during the day on Friday. We will most probably never return.Was very excited to try this place as an out of towner. The pictures online look great. However, was disappointed at many of the menu items my friends and I ordered. We questioned their food pairing choices that didn't quite go well together. For examples, the crab avocado dip we started with (which sounds delicious) had a very off putting flavor. We thought the avocado would come NEXT to the avocado rather than mixed in, the flavor was weird but not in a good way. Then the shrimp broils came with about two cups of SOGGY fries some of which weren't completely cooked. The shrimp itself was okay, a bit salty but edible unlike the fries. One of my friends was lucky enough to order the Mac n Cheese dish which was actually really good. The hostess was also not in the best mood, she sat us down without even saying a word to us. The saving grace for this place was the waiter who was actually very nice! He noticed we didn't like the avocado dip thing and took it off our check, very much appreciated! Wouldn't come back.The dinner was amazing, best redfish ever over popcorn rice. Also had a fantastic piece of salmon over slaw salad . Save room for dessert, the flan and boozy cake was phenomenal .My husband and I were visiting New Orleans for the first time.  Celebrating 35 years of marriage we were looking for a memorable meal.  Boy did we find it!  The light airy atmosphere stunned and impressed me when we first walked in along with friendly greetings by several employees.  We were seated and our server, Ryan, came to our table and explained several items to us.  He did such a good job we ordered two appetizers:  smoked pompano and avocado served with bread and boudin egg rolls.  Both appetizers were New tastes for us and we loved them.  My husband had the braised pork with smashed potatoes and he devoured it.  The pork was edible without a knife!   I had skirt steak with fries and salad.  The steak was cooked perfectly to my request of medium rare and was so tender!  The fries were good as was the side salad with oil & vinegar.  So they had just boiled crawfish outdoors on the restaurant patio and even though my husband had been satisfied with his meal, he couldn't resist the 3-lb bowl of crawfish!  I even ate my first one (and a few more) and was surprised by the flavor.  Who knew?  We then ordered the berry cobbler and it was the final palate pleaser to this great meal!  We arrived quite early and had the pleasure of enjoying Ryan's undivided attention.  We found him to be very attentive and very much a part of the great experience we had at Lula's.   For us, this restaurant was a  departure from the usual and we are so glad we went there!Wow! I had dinner at Lula with a couple friends and everyone was impressed. I'm reviewing dishes in descending order of greatness. 
I started with the cucumber vodka Collins, which was fantastic! I could have drank them all night. It went down smooth was perfectly sweet, which for me isn't too sugary. 10/10
The fried pickled mirlitons were surprisingly good. The crispiness of the batter played well off the soft, almost sliminess (in a good way) of the mirlitons. But the star was the poblano ranch dip. I could have dipped everything in it. The fried mirlitons in the ranch had a tangy, smoky thing going on that was delicious. I will order that again. 10/10
I ordered the grilled gulf fish and was very pleased.  The fish was seasoned lightly and cooked perfectly. The green onion popcorn rice was very flavorful. Lots of herbs and a sweet-ish sauce that could be a little overpowering for some but I loved. I would definitely order it again. 10/10
My friend got the special, which was crawfish Mac and cheese. Amazing. It came with a salad dressed with the poblano ranch, which was very good, but it was a too-much-of-a-good-thing situation as the amount of dressing could have been reduced by about half. I would get the salad again but with dressing on the side. 8/10
The blueberry cobbler was very good but seemed more like cake topped with blueberries. 8/10
The boudin egg rolls were fine. I prefer boudin with a bit more rice and these were very meat heavy. The fig sauce they were served with was good but an odd pairing. 6/10 
The service was fantastic. We wanted to sit outside and we're content to wait at the bar until a table was available but after about 3 minutes, the host moved a table outside for us. 
The wine list was also nice with lots of options in the $30-40 per bottle range.Excellent food, excellent service and reasonable prices! What more could you want? The waiter brought us some crawfish "just to try" since we were curious about them but didn't want to commit to an order, and yum! They were great! As was everything else we had.  Highly recommend this new place.  Help them grow!Food was good, but the drinks were great! The house made vodka cucumber cocktail stood out. Had a great time on the patio and our server, Judy, was amazing!!!The atmosphere is nice, the drinks are good but the food is just okay. Definitely not what you expect for New Orleans food. But service is great and prices are reasonable! I would come just for drinks and eat somewhere else.Have to say that we chose this because it was right down the street from our hotel. But! It did look fun and inviting (restaurant/distillery, for heaven's sake!) It was really nice. We went on a Thursday so it wasn't busy. We were promptly shown to a table and our waitress Brittany was right there. I am a vodka drinker so this being a vodka/gin/rum distillery was right up my alley. I ordered an interesting vodka lemonade with basil which was delicious! My husband, the bourbon drinker, was rewarded with a very nice Manhattan.
We weren't starving so we split an appetizer, smoked pompano and avacado dip, and shrimp in a ginger and lemongrass sauce. Delish! Give this off-the-beaten-path place a try soon!My sister and brother-in-law booked a small get-together event at Lula's as their rehearsal "dinner." The restaurant was awesome. The vibe was fun and upbeat and the room where the private event took place was just gorgeous.
We can't really speak for the menu as the event had a catered menu, but all the food was really delicious! The staff was really attentive and accommodating and everyone had a great time.
The party also had a chance to tour the distillery which was both a great time and a great learning experience. It definitely puts into perspective how much time and effort is put into distilling.
I had a great time and I totally would be excited to visit the restaurant again!Delicious food, stylish, clean interior, and good service! We couldn't resist to a freshly distilled gin in the house! They literally drafted it into the bottle from their distillery. We also brought our 1 year old, and they accommodated her well with some crayons and coloring paper :-)Great location, great atmosphere, great staff, great food.  Very spacious, modern rustic decor , awesome view of the distillery.  Huge bar.  I highly recommend this restaurant.  It's casual and family friendly. There is also outdoor seating so you can watch the streetcars pass by while you sip your cocktail and enjoy your meal.Great food, friendly customer service, and fair prices. I would definitely come back. It's big so good for large groups.We came here really wanting to love this place. The location is great, and who doesn't love a local distillary? We walked in and loved the ambiance- causal, rustic, and warm. Unfortunately soon after we were seated things quickly took a turn for the worse. 
The servers appeared to be attentive, everyone was very concerned whether or not someone had been over to take our order. However, no one had actually taken our order and we waited for about 10 minutes before someone came to tell us about the menu. He was eager to give us information and went on to describe the alcohol they distill in house and the use of sugar cane, but he was stumbling over his words and forgot a lot of details about what he was supposed tell us from the menu. 
We ordered the planters punch,  which tasted delicious! After about 3 drinks each we realized it was lacking the "punch" we were looking for.
We decided to snack on a few appetizers, so we ordered the boudin egg rolls, fried pickles, and pork skewers on sugar cane stalks. We ordered the pickles first, but they came a few minutes after the other two apps (which we had ordered about 15 minutes apart). After ordering, we had to switch tables because we seated directly under a tree that had caterpillars falling from it. One landed on my ankle and stung me, which isn't the best way to start out a meal. 
After we switched tables and our food was coming, the servers became very confused as to where our food and drinks should go, even though no one was at the table we left, we were at the table directly next to it, and we told multiple servers we had switched tables. 
The fried pickles were the best of the three, but the breading was very thick and it lost a lot of the pickly flavor. As for the egg rolls- as soon as we took a bite, we had a lot of trouble chewing as it felt like a raw mushy meatball inside of a crunchy shell. I will say, the dipping sauce it came with was delicious and made the dish a lot more edible. The pork skewers were..umm..very phallic..and lacked in flavor. It was also very awkward to eat off a thick stalk of sugar cane. 
Toward the end, we both felt pretty sick and bloated from the food. All we wanted was to get out of there, but our server was nowhere to be found. After about 20 minutes he came by, very apologetic about the wait, and brought us our check. The check was incorrect and charged us for too many drinks.
 In the end, the food was WAY overpriced for the low quality that it was. I'm glad I tried it, but we will not be returning anytime soon.Great food and the vodka was amazing. Highly recommend for brunch and Britney was a great server.First things first, it's a distillery. Rum, vodka & gin. Take me at my word gin is not even close to my favorite. Lula's gin however is fantastic, try the bees knees. 
The crawfish Mac-n-Cheese was creamy and delicious. Only critique would be the the crawfish chunks could be a bit bigger. 
If you like ribs or even have a passing fondness for them do yourself a favor and get the blackberry glazed ribs! Fall off the bone delicious, sweet and fruity with the glaze while the meat is nice and savory.If you are in NOLA and want a neat place to eat that's not in the quarter, give them a try! A little on the noisy side because, well it's a distillery and apparently an old warehouse so open rafter ceilings but food and drinks are super yummy. We weren't terribly hungry so split two apps.; Boudin Egg Rolls and Avocado and Crap with Wontons. To drink I tried the Bees Knees and hubs had a beer. They distill their own vodka, rum and gin. Have a bottomless vodka bar but I'm not a huge vodka fan. Definitely give them a go!Really incredible food. Best shrimp and grits I have ever had! We did the $20 bottomless vodka bar which seemed great in theory but we all felt that the vodka was pretty watered down so might not have been as great of a deal as we thought bWent here for dinner last week and it was sub par. Had the drum special on a bed of rice. The fish was fishy and the rice swimming in some sort of oil. Gave them another shot strictly for the boiled crawfish and they failed again. They disintegrated as you tried to peel them. Pre boiled and obviously soaking until ordered. We asked if they could make more and the answer was no. Won't be going back.I think if I ate here first I would never go anywhere else in New Orleans. The crab claws with the lemongrass marinade we are religious experience. Fish with grilled vegetables and rice was amazing. And I think I could drink the cucumber vodka Collins  all night long. We also did a tour which is great because you can go any time and don't have to wait for specific tour times. Loved, loved, loved this place!!!My wife and I had a nice lunch on a Saturday at Lula.  My wife had the Coolinary special.  It consisted of 
Fried green tomato
Braised Pork Shank and grits
Apple Pie purse with Ice cream
I selected the fried chicken and grits.
Everything was fresh and nicely prepared.  The waiter was very attentive.
The atmosphere can be described and loud.  My wife and I could not carry on a casual conversation.  We had to speakly loudly to be heard.  
You could not hear the music playing over the speakers and the waiter had to speak up so we could hear him.
There were 4 large tables in the back having some type of function and their loudness influenced the whole restaurant.  
Overall we enjoyed it, but this is not for a quite meal.Enjoyed a delicious meal, grilled vegetable salad with steak. Cocktails are fantastic and made with their small batch vodka, gin and rum. We were lucky to get a tour of the distillery. Super cool process and beautiful place!Been hear plenty of times for drinks, but was very surprised on how good the food was. You must order lump crab and avocado dip as an app. The skirt steak entrée was humongous! Best cocktail on the menu is vodka and Basel smash.Stopped in here for a Sunday Brunch based on the high ratings others have given this place.  It should be noted that one "reviewer" gave it 5 stars then had complaints about the Boudin Egg Roll, the crawfish, the cornish hen, the rice, the veg and the dessert!... REALLY?! 5 Stars??  Ugh.
ok - rant over.
We started with the Lump Crab & Avocado Dip and were expecting to actually SEE some crab.  I even asked the waiter about my "missing" crab.  Apparently, they take a little bit of crab and mix it in with everything.  Maybe instead of calling it Lump Crab & Avocado Dip, they should call it Avocado dip with mango, curry and crab since the amount of the crab ingredient was clearly the smallest.  But I love avocado and mango, so it was still good.  We really liked the wanton crisps.
For my meal, the waiter recommended the Boiled Shrimp and I chose the Garlic Butter seasoning.  For $15.00, I got 5 shrimp and some fries I could have done without nor did I even eat.  I thought they were a little soggy under the sauce and they certainly weren't fresh out of the fryer.  They weren't worth wasting any belly space on.  The flavor of the garlic butter shrimp was on point though.
A friend had the Lula omelette and she LOVED it.  The eggs were cooked well (not overcooked at all).  I tried her biscuit and I could have eaten a few of those!
Another friend had the bacon egg cheese burger without the bacon or egg and thought the burger was too froo froo for her.  But once she removed the bacon from the burger, her opinion no longer counted.
I'd eat here again, but I probably try somewhere else first.
A plus - Lula's has free wifi!Amazing food.  Hand crafted spirits and the best customer service !  Thank you Rhonda for your amazing service, helpful tips and friendly conversation.  The food is 5star!  
Thank you for an amazing first meal in this amazing city!Beautiful inside and good food. We had vegetarians and non vegetarians as a part of the party and everyone was happy. Fried Picked Squash dish was AMAZING and a must have for everyone. 
Lula cocktails were great. Lula vodka on its own was not.
They run the ac super high in the summer. Felt good at first but a light jacket would have been good.Maybe it was an off-night because there were multiple huge parties and a private event next door, but it was a really rough go of it last night, and I feel compelled to offer some constructive feedback. Perhaps our server was new to the job--very pleasant, but seemingly unfamiliar with both the menu, and the very basics of service (e.g. don't serve dessert while the dinner dishes are still on the table...and while you're at it, don't leave the dinner dishes on the table for 20 minutes after everyone has finished eating). Management was intermittently attentive to us, but not to the functioning of the restaurant. Some of the food was excellent, but some didn't come close to matching what was described on the menu, some was cold, some was way over-cooked, and how do you run out of one of the prix fixe menu items for the first seating of the night? And if you do, why do you wait to tell the guest until well after dinner should have been served? It was actually comical after awhile. Anyway, I could go on, but hopefully management will take stock of how things are functioning in there. It looked like the bulk of the crowd was families with kids, or huge holiday parties. Hope they had a more consistently better experience than we did. It's a cool place but this is NOLA--with all the choices we have, restaurants need to earn a return visit.The restaurant has a cool vibe with a friendly staff.  Their home brew vodka is excellent.We visited this restaurant for the first time with a party of two, on Saturday, September 1st at about 5:15PM.  
We actually already had dinner plans, so we were not here to eat.  We actually stopped in just for Happy Hour.   We sat at the bar.
The restaurant is really beautiful. It has a classy elegance to it; however, yet remains pretty casual.   It appears it was recently remodeled; however, I am not 100% sure of that.
So, we came in and ordered drinks, which were delicious.  We also had the Fried Pickles, which were absolutely delicious with the included Poblano Ranch sauce.   
So, why the three star review. The staff refused to honor happy hour prices.  The sign on the sidewalk (outside of the restaurant) clearly indicates that happy hour is everyday.   Once you are inside, they inform you that it is only Monday - Thursday. Seems like a pretty poor ploy to get unsuspecting people in the door. 
Based on the truth in advertising, I likely would not choose to dine in this location again.Amazing cocktails, delicious food, great atmosphere. Pork skewers, escargot, rum lacquered shrimp with succotash all so good. Boudin eggrolls, yum!This restaurant and distillery has got it going!  Josh was so helpful and provided excellent service.  I asked him for a drink recommendation and he suggested the Cucumber Vodka Collins.  Wow, it was so smooth that I could drink three of them!  I asked Josh for food suggestions.  Josh suggested the Red Fish with popcorn rice and vegetables.  I ate every bit!  It was so flavorful and healthy at the same time.  I had never eaten red fish before.  My husband was very pleased with his selections as well.  I would not hesitate to return to this establishment!!This restaurant is the BEST! The ribs here are truly fantastic! The rum and vodka is out of this world. Their cucumber Collins drink is refreshing . We bring all our friends here after the saints games. The service is also extremely friendly and attentive.If you're in the neighborhood of St. Charles and New Orleans you must go to Lula!  the vodka basil smash the desserts the fresh vegetables and salad wonderful foodLet me start by saying,  absolutely beautiful place. With that being said looks alone are not going to be what keeps this place in business. 
So when we arrived we were greeted and welcomed immediately. Following this was two servers that were standing at the front door/hostess desk bickering about tables being taken from one and the other firing right back that he needed to take it up with the one or ones that took his table/tables. This went on for a good couple of minutes. Right after the hostess came back and seated us. 
Our server was Jose, one the servers that was bickering at the front door, introduced himself and stated, upon our request of course, that he would return in a few min to take our order. We ordered a bottle of wine, which he knew nothing of, and took almost 12 min for it to be brought to us. Now on to our food!!!! I had the Blackberry Glazed Ribs with Sweet Corn and Dirty Rice. Friend had Crawfish Mac & Cheese, also with Dirty Rice and for an appetizer we shared the Boudin Spring Rolls with a Fig Maple Sauce. The flavor of everything was had was amazing, but very sad it was more of a room temperature when we got it. Must have been precooked and ready to serve without being kept hot or even warm. 
So in completion the servers need to know when the right time for a conversation is and isn't and the food should come to the table hot.This was my second trip there and it was still as amazing as the first time I went. I got the boiled shrimp with the lemon grass sauce......O.M.G it was delicious....the only thing I didn't like is that it was on a bed of fries, which I don't eat, but I'm not complaining at all. So far, Lula is one of my favorite restaurants. Our waiter was amazing!!!!!! He was very attentive and charming and made sure everything was good with us!Second time visiting Lula. The first time was definitely better. Maybe because of the novelty of a new place. I would recommend sitting outside because the atmosphere is nicer. Nothing wrong with the inside but it contributes to a better overall experience to sit outside on the patio. 
Honestly would say the food is pretty average. In a city that has phenomenal food, it falls below my standard especially when you're looking at how much the food is compared to the quality of it. Plenty of other places to visit here that are way better overall. 
Our server accidentally brought us another round of drinks that we didn't ask for and then proceeded to try to make us pay for them. It was definitely her mistake and we didn't want the drinks. At the end of the meal, she finally came back and took it off our tab (I'm guessing because she second guessed her judgement?). Normal restaurant etiquette would have panned out differently from the get go. We would have been fine with paying for the second round but the way it was represented was less than appealing (sorry, y'all have to pay for this.....). She was flustered and we completely understand it's not an ideal situation but it could have been handled better. 
Would suggest maybe just coming for drinks and that's about it. Food is overpriced but I'm all for trying things at least once or twice!Fish dish, Cornish hen and hamburger were great. Smoked pompano with avocado and picked mirleton were very good. Very attractive but a bit noisy. Enjoyed it.Lula had a very cool atmosphere! However, the service was just ok. I had the boiled seafood option which had great flavor, but I only received 5 shrimp in the bucket, with the majority of the dish being French fries. If I were to return in the future, I would pick a different dish to try.Was so excited to try this place. Unfortunately, I will never go again. First off... my friend found a tiny bug in her mojito. Looked like a baby ladybug. Assuming they didn't wash the mint leaves. She sent it back and the waiter was rude and didn't apologize. She bites into her rice... of course... there's hair that clearly wasn't hers or mine. Sent that back... again... the waiter was rude. A Male manager came and apologized... brought her a new meal and drink but didn't offer to comp anything. Then, I noticed my drink also had two bugs in it and her new drink had one. We asked to speak to the manager again. The waiter was extremely rude... this time a female manager comes up and is ridiculously rude. Points at us as if she isn't next to us and says "they're the same ones" with a nasty attitude. Then she proceed to tell us they got their mint from restaurant depot and it had bugs in it so they are throwing that bag away and opening a new one. Never once did they offer to comp anything nor did they even make us feel like we were valued customers. It was an extremely awful experience. The place is beautiful and we had high expectations. But no only did they have so many mishaps with our food and drinks, but our waiter was extremely rude, short and unapologetic ... not to mention we had to call him several times to get his attention for the issues we had because he never checked on us! Just absolutely terrible!!!We live not to far and usually get amazing service at the bar, but tonight the bartender is awful!!
Not coming back anytime soon 
Will wait for Sara to be our bartenderUpdate: the restaurant owner reached out to correct this issue. Additionally after hours the staff brought us a folder we had left at the restaurant. We couldn't believe it. Excellent service 
Okay I really wanted to give this place a full 4-5 stars but we just had the weirdest experience paying for dinner. My dad ordered a Manhattan and they charged us $21 for a little drink. Apparently they charge you $10 for the liquor and another $11 for the "stuff that goes in it." The martini is the same price. The food is great, the service lackluster. Lots of potential here, the menu, the food, it's good but some stuff has to be figured out. Crawfish Mac and cheese was great, so was the buttermilk Cornish game hen.Dudes, come on. I get that the awkward period between Thanksgiving and New Years might be your slow period, but that's no excuse to have such lackluster service. 
The head manager was leaning up against the front host stand when we arrived, didn't bother to greet us or get us seated. Hilariously, as we were leaving, he was leaning against the back corner of the bar, staring into space. "Bye" to you, too, man. 
My main bone to pick with this place is the "boiled seafood" that they have on the menu. I ordered the shrimp with the spicy garlic seasoning. Was super excited for some boiled seafood, you know, with potatoes and corn and all. I was not expecting four shrimp on a bed of soggy fries topped with super sour gravy. Maybe it was because it was the end of November, but guys, that's a misleading menu item!This was definitely the best food we ate in NOLA. I had the hot garlic shrimp and a daiquiri. Absolutely blown away. Both of these items are simple but they took them up a hug notch. I wish I lived near by!!Review for private event in the space to the left of the restaurant: 
I want to give 3-1/2 stars, but I can't. Since nothing terrible happened I'll give 4 stars. 
***I have been here for a bar visit. The drinks are tasty, and the bathrooms are very clean & nice. Staff has always been great, but I haven't yet been here for a full dinner service. I'm sure that review is coming soon. :) ***
Things that were less than enjoyable - the floor is CONCRETE and there were 3 tables with chairs for 75 guests. The dinner was a SIT DOWN style requiring utensils. Trying to eat at the tiny little stand tables was rather awkward. Also, after a few hours of being required to stand up, the floor gets annoying. If you're having an event there, presumably everyone will be in uncomfortable shoes, being made more uncomfortable by bare concrete. There has to be another flooring solution.  
Things that were more than enjoyable - the staff passing apps and working the bar, were super pleasant. The table settings were nice, and the set up where the buffet was looked pretty as well. The food was good considering buffet style: super tasty salad, and more than decent shrimp & grits. Grits were a little watery, but flavor was there. The food was definitely something that could please a crowd of people, which is a win when you have a small buffet for a party. The bar served a variety of drinks, and the cocktails were made to order (not from a huge pitcher!!!). Music was being played during the whole event, and while I could easily hear the music I never felt like the space was overly loud. I could hear the music and the person next to me speaking. There is a parking lot, though I did not know that, and simply parked for free a few blocks down the street. Parking can be difficult so if there is said parking lot, that would be a huge bonus.On a very wet Saturday afternoon on NOLA, we decided to walk to this place. It was a very large building inside with a huge open celling and floorplan. A distillery at the other end of the room behind glass which a man was polishing the brass. We were greeted by the hostess and seated in towards the middle of the restaurant she said our sever Ryan would be right with you. 
Ryan came over and greeted us and asked if we have ever been there before. We said no and he explained that they made their own Gin, Rum and Vodka. 
The menu is on the smaller size, but Ryan recommended the favorites, but since we were from out of town, we should really try the Avocado and crab dip. We also tried the Boudin egg roll app in wonton wrappers. Those were not that great but the sauce made it okay. The hit was the Avocado Crab dip. Simply amazing, and the fact they served with fried won tons vs chips. 
Because they were in Happy Hour all drinks and apps were $ 5.00 each, we told Ryan to leave a menu as we were going to order through the menu as courses. Ryan suggested that we try Crawfish as we've never tried them. He brought us 3 and showed us how to eat them, my wife and I tried them, and learned that although its a lot of work to only get a little meat. We decided to pass on ordered 3 pounds and going with Buttermilk Fried Cornish Hen. This came out smelling good, it was perfectly fried yet a tad salty. it tasted well with the Rum Punch I was sampling and my wife Vodka Cucumber beverage. Or next course was the Gulf Fish over Parsley Rice and Summer Squash. The Gulf Fish was seasoned wonderful but the rice had too much oil through it. and the summer squash was hard and not fully cooked. 
  We decided to order some dessert. Ryan suggested that we get the boozy cupcakes and the berry cobbler. The Boozy Cupcakes came out with two in a pool of Bourbon pecan sauce. The cupcake itself was dry and dense. It needed some moisture inside. Although the boozy sauce is what sells this dish, but it still needs moisture inside. 
The berry cobbler with Vanilla ice cream came out hot. The fruit was sitting on a biscuit not a crust. Nor did it have a crumb topping. It was warm with sensation of flavors dancing around my mouth. 
   Overall, we would go back to Luna's and try some different things. 
Ask for Ryan as he really understands the true meaning of customer service by going up and beyond for his guests, 
Well done !$20 all you can drink  self serve vodka bar on the weekends is one of the best deals in town. However, the food is pretty underwhelming. Pretty basic menu that lacks flavor, although we did enjoy the fried mirlitons and pablano ranch dipping sauce.  The wait staff didn't meet expectations, especially after ordering another round of "all you can drink" then telling us at 2:01 the deal ends at 2:00 after we had already ordered ... but luckily the manager took care of us, thank you. 
Overall, a bang for your buck for the drinks, not food.We had a wonderful experience working with Erin at Lula as we planned our wedding reception. Lula's Barrel Room is a beautiful space and a great canvas for whatever direction you want to take your decorations in. Erin was incredibly helpful and responsive, which was one of the most important things to me, as I was planning from out of state. The food is wonderful; the braised pork roast is tender and flavorful, and the avocado dip is delicious. The cocktails are outstanding; I tried the Cucumber Vodka Collins, the Bees Knees, and the Daiquiri and was impressed by all three. Erin was willing to work with me on the menu options and incredibly accommodating, with great ideas when I was unsure of what direction to go. Ultimately, the band we'd chosen needed more space and our guest list grew, so we aren't able to hold the reception at Lula but I wouldn't hesitate to choose them for another event, and look forward to visiting them for drinks and delicious meals during future trips!Awesome restaurant! Great atmosphere, great workers, great food! Nathan, our waitress, was fantastic, really knows how to talk to people and be very conversational. I definitely recommend this place!We arrived on a quiet Saturday for lunch. There was plenty of outdoor seating (not much shade, so bring your sunglasses). The service was great. We wanted to change our order a few minutes after placing it (a function of a menu with great options leading to second guessing and buyers remorse, "I should have ordered the shrimp not the steak").
We had a salad with shrimp and the spicy shrimp with fries, a couple of beers and a mojito with house made rum for dessert. I can't recommend this place highly enough. I look forward to returning.Easily the best place we ate at our last trip to New Orleans.
Went here for brunch and also the famed bottomless Vodka bar - it is a distillery after all. Drinks were good - they give you a glass of vodka on ice, and there's a bar of various juices and bloody mary mixes and fixins. All combinations were very good. They are not stingy with refills, so pace yourself and be careful.
Food was even better. I did the shrimp and grits, which I'm not always a fan of, but this was the best I've ever had. Giant, head on gulf shrimp, creamy grits, and a fried green tomato slice. Perfect combination of fresh flavors. Other foods we ordered were good as well.
Service was good, and prices were on the higher side, but fair. Definitely will be back next time we pass through.Fantastic restaurant with great food and drinks. Apps were reasonably priced and well proportioned, with great flavors. Highly recommend the escargot. Drinks were stiff. Pompano avocado dip was fantastic, as well. Staff was energetic, and quick to respond. 
Recommend, but prices were a bit steep.My friend and I went here for brunch and waited for 45 minutes and a server never came to our table. We wanted to have a nice Sunday brunch, but left after asking for someone to help us and no one came after about 10 more minutes of waiting. We wanted to have a nice brunch!Great food and super friendly service. We went during happy hour, and I must say the cocktails were delicious and the appetizers were not too bad. They make their own spirits and they are very tasty. We ordered the garlic shrimp with a side salad and the coconut crab soup, which was the flavor of the day. The broth of the soup was ahhhhmazing, definitely house made. Check this little jewel out.Such a disappointment... The mojitos and crawfish mac n cheese were good but I'll stop at that. The  service was absolutely terrible. Our waitress was too focused on the table behind us to get anything right. We had our appetizer for about 15 minutes before getting our silverware. We got a blue cheese side salad and received Cole slaw instead (never been here so we didn't realize we were even given the wrong thing until we saw it on our bill) by then it was too late because our bill had already come and our waitress was giving attitude because she  thought we had ordered an extra drink  which we clearly did not. Anyways, won't be back here EVER.This place is amazing. The food is good but what made them exceptional was their service and that they truly cared and made me feel very special on my birthday.  I definitely recommend this place.Wow! What an amazing place. Totally kind, great food, and great spirits! We had their flight and was totally impressed.  We loved their salad and shrimp boil. The owner took us on a tour and their distillery was in full force. Clean and professional none the less. I can't wait to see this place take off and I know it will!!I randomly found this place when leaving Krewe du Brew a few doors down. I ordered the Gulf Fish Sandwich. It was fresh and flavorful. I had the Cucumber Collins which was a refreshing drink. Came back a few days later for the the crawfish. The owner worked hard to ensure they were just right! Great service!Went for brunch.   Delivered one item completely wrong then brought correct sandwich with wrong things on it.  Brought back sandwich where it wasn't made again just pulled off the bacon.  Had Omelette with burnt veggies and rock hard breakfast potatoes.  Nice looking place but food needs lots of work.   Hey don't look for anything,  but would of been smart to take care something on the bill.  Maybe some time will make this place better.The service was awesome !  The Collins with the made on premise alcohol using local sugarcane. Was amazing we got the boiled crawfish big enough to share but doesn't mean you have too :)This is a genius idea and well done. Tasty spirits, delicious food, friendly staff and great use of location. Kudos!Great happy hour until 7pm weekdays only.  All drinks are $5 during happy hour & the apps are $5 during happy hour.  Easy to get to from downtown and plenty of parking behind restaurant.  Put this on your "to do list" after work!  My recommendations include the French 75 and the vodka basil smash.Loved the ambiance and drinks but food was less than stellar. Crawfish Mac n cheese, very bland and almost over cooked. Shrimp and grits, very bland, not enough sauce. Salmon, over cooked n salad. May just go for cocktails next time...they were very good. Not a good kid menu...just in case you were wondering.Great dinner options with Tuesday night trivia! (See tips.) Mel, bartender/server always upbeat and fun. Geoff,  quizmaster, always has original questions and quick repartee!  The only downside? More serving help needed for quiz crowd in Tuesday night.We went to Lula's for lunch.  St. Charles street is away from the crowds so it was nice to have space to breathe.  I had one of the most delicious salads ever.  Roasted veggies, salad, and shrimp.  We sat at the bar.  The server was attentive and on top of things.  
The prices were reasonable.  The space is large and clean.  If you have a large group this would probably be a good place to stop in for lunch or dinner.  We enjoyed our dining experience.  I would definitely go back for the service and that salad!My sister and I stumbled across Lula Restaurant and stopped in for brunch. We had great service! I highly recommend ordering the Cucumber Vodka Collins - such a flavorful cocktail! The Lula omelet and grilled skirt steak were amazing!You have to get the Hot Garlic shrimp. It is the best shrimp sauce I've ever had. The house-made gin is good but the Spanish Gin and Tonic with basil and black pepper is phenomenalOur group was eager to try Lula's after reading all of the reviews.
We found the house made Vodka very smooth, but the house made gin somewhat bland in flavor.
Our food choices included two dishes that used the house made Boudin.  Both the appetizer Boudin egg rolls and the entree Boudin stuffed quail suffered from the very bland, overly rice-laden Boudin.   Good south Louisiana Boudin is full of flavor from the pork ingredients, chicken, and an abundance of spices and aromatics.   The egg rolls are good if you use a lot of the dipping sauce.   The quail could have had so much more flavor.
The braised rabbit with white beans was just ok... had a vinegar taste.
The ribs were flavorful and really tender.
The crawfish Mac and cheese was good also.
Service at the table was good, not so much at the bar.
Ambiance was very nice.Good food. Good service. Good drinks. Loved the atmosphere.
Had the boudin egg rolls. They were delish. And the pork skewers were good too but I preferred the boudin egg rolls better. We also had the crawfish Mac and cheese and the pork and grits were delish as well. We hung out for a long time on the patio and never felt pressured to leave. Very relaxing.Love this place! They make their own gin, vodka, and rum which is strong and awesome. The mixed drinks are strong.  You can get a tour of the brewery. I've had great experiences there. The staff was nice, love the atmosphere, and off-street parking available. Oh, and the food was excellent. Definitely making this a regular spot.This place is awesome. The food was GREAT, the service was amazing. We went for brunch and it was packed but I can definitely see why. Because they're good. Nathan our server was very helpful and checked on us a lot to make sure our experience was great, and it was. I will definitely be coming back.Lula has a nice ambiance. The food is amazing, fresh and made to order. They even get crispy bacon right lol! Molly was my waitress and she was A1. Valentine's Day was a success. Thanks Lula!Enjoyed this place! We had the seafood boil shrimp, avocado pompano dip, boudin egg rolls, and chicken sandwich for lunch! Food did not disappoint. Only thing is I wish the dinner items were available during lunch. I'll be back!Super super friendly staff, the food is wonderful. We had the escargots appetizer and braised rabbit in white beans entree and thoroughly enjoyed both. Highly recommended.Loved it!  Great bloodies and cocktails!  Food was interesting too. Go for brunch or lunch and let it linger!!Great atmosphere, even better food. Had the boudin stuffed quail that was very flavorful. Tried some of the specialty beverages that included the Lula spirits. Drink was a bit strong and a little sweet but overall good. Finished the meal with a sazerac that was made to perfection. Will recommend and return.What an amazing brunch spot! Brian was an excellent waiter and even accommodated our (growing) table despite a reservation for only 8. He was the best! Great suggestions, super friendly and helpful. And the food-- AMAZING. At the table we Had the chicken sandwich, shrimp and grits, shared the French toast, and had the pulled pork and grits-- everything was seasoned and cooked perfectly and most of us cleaned our plates! Also ordered an array of drinks, you can't go wrong dining here! Very reasonable prices, too!Just found this gem across from my hotel. Dinner recommendations from the bartender Nathan were excellent! Had shrimp in a spicy, garlic sauce with fries. His rum recommendations were even better!! The house rum was very pleasant and easy to sip on, and the bar even had my favorite... Zaya!! Definitely adding this place to my regular stops when I'm in town!!Try the Vodka Basil Smash! Absolutely delicious and refreshing! Very modern establishment with great cocktails.Overall this place was excellent. Had the skirt steak and my girlfriend had the Cornish Fried Hen. It was the best fried chicken I've had in NOLA by far. The skin was crunchy and crispy and not greasy. Coleslaw and Dirty Rice were good and not too heavy. It complemented the chicken well.
Skirt steak was a little under seasoned to my taste but was tender. Fries were very good as well. 
The service was also great. Very friendly wait staff, Josh was great. 
Also had the mixed berry cobbler for dessert. It was amazing. It was not a traditional cobbler but it came with a great berry compote on top of a muffin with real vanilla bean ice cream. It was really good.Great place.  Huge sandwiches.  The fried chicken is fantastic.  Ask for the distillery tour!Nice brunch spot in NOLA. Nice environment.
Order the shrimp and grits and receive your blessings! It comes with whole shrimp and two large fried green tomatoes. I don't like fried green tomatoes, but the waiter convinced me to try theirs. He did not lead me wrong. The tomatoes were delicious. 
I took away one star because I wasn't wild about their alcohol options. I'm not a big vodka drinker, and of course, that was a key ingredient in all their specialty cocktails. I was hoping there was more variety. If you do like vodka, then this is the spot for you. Lol
Other than that, it was a great atmosphere and great food.It's the third meal in this city and environment is very good. The food is delicious too. Clients are nice.Had this business booked marked on my to do list during my brief trip to NoLA. So happy I did! 
Sat at the bar and was served by Gisele. Was WOWED by her customer service, professionalism, and recommendations on food + libation offerings.
Being vegetarian I questioned menu and if a particular appetizer could be altered to exclude fish from its ingredients. Gisele walked all the way to kitchen to check what could be done and returned to assure item would be customized to my liking.
In questioning the Lula brand spirits w/out hesitation Gisele poured a small shot of each for sampling (gin, rum, and vodka). This lead to a purchase of a full bottle of their house rum and gin as a souvenir. 
After ringing up the bottles for sale a manager stopped by to deliver them personally and inquire how we learned about their restaurant... to which a response of YELP was provided!
This restaurant/distillery may be only 4 months young but was definite leaps and bounds ahead of some of the older establishments I visited during my trip. Way to go Lula!Hands down the best restaurant so far in NOLA! I had lemon grass shrimps and omg it was amazing. Their hidden dessert menu is great too...I had he chocolate cheesecake and it was so fluffy. Don't think twice! Just come here! And prices are great too!Appetizers: crawfish mac and cheese, pompano dip, fried pickles, and boudin eggrolls- all were nothing special, wouldn't order any again. Mac and cheese was expensive  and not worth it for $17. 
Entrees: gulf fish was good. The hen was ok.
Bloody Mary was good and spicy.We came on a Friday afternoon during a preseason saints game and had a very enjoyable experience. The wait staff was super friendly. The drinks were very good. I ordered the hot garlic shrimp and my boyfriend got the flank steak and both were delicious! Plus they had nice soft live music in the background that added to the already nice atmosphere.This place is definitely something else. My company and I were here for a trade show so we tried to hit up as many delicious restaurants and I'm glad we came here. 
LOCATION: Parking can be tricky but we got really lucky by getting a sweet spot on the street right by the entrance. It's located on a main street where you can see tour buses and carriages driving by - it's really cute. Ample outside seating and the inside area is enormous! 
FOOD: Where do I start? You need to try their special drinks. They made their spirits in-house so you gotta try it! We shared a salad, eggs rolls, and the baked mac-n-cheese. Salad didn't blow me away, eggs rolls were okay, but the mac-n-cheese was out of this world. YUM. My entree was the Lemongrass Shrimp. My coworker ordered the garlic shrimp and I think those were better!! 
SERVICE: Oh yeah, make sure to make reservations because it gets crazy busy here at all times. 
Will I come back? Yeah and next time I'll just order drinks!I dined on a Sunday evening with my son and child. After being seated by a confused hostess we were greeted by a very sweet server. Ill go ahead and say she was awesome from beginning to end, engaging with my child and offering every possibility to keep us happy.
I also want to say that I appreciated the kitchen making the mac n chz less spicy for my child, it was an accommodation that does not go unnoticed. The rest of the servers and bartender also greeted us at some point in the night which was wonderful. 
The reasons for the low rating come down to food execution and an unsavory exchange with the manager Kayla later in the night.
While the food presentation was delightful, my rum lacquered shrimp was just ok. The rum broth was wonderful but the shrimp were under-seasoned and a bit overcooked. My husbands gulf fish was the same. His was not overcooked but drastically under-seasoned.  The mac n cheeze was really good but very overpriced. At the end of the meal we ordered chocolate cheesecake which our server told us people said was some of the best they had ever had. This was the weirdest cheesecake. It arrived warm in some spots, and semi cold in others with a weird crumbly texture. Yes crumbly, like the texture of goat cheese under a thick blanket of chocolate sauce they hoped would mask this clearly frozen cheesecake thawed hastily in the microwave resulting in this unpleasant monstrosity. My child ate some because he doesn't know the difference and my husband helped because frankly he was still so hungry.
The straw that broke this camels back was the manager Kayla. I noticed that the hostess seemed a bit confused upon arrival and sure enough, they forgot to mark my open table reservations off when I arrived. This resulted in an email that I received after dinner alerting and essentially shaming me for being a no call no show. As every avid Open Tabler knows, you can be dropped from the app. While an easy fix, her attitude was unprofessional and aloof.Great food and excellent cocktails.  We're glad you're on St. Charles Ave as this would be a great place to watch a parade from.I didn't eat here, so this review is only geared toward the drinks, staff, and ambience. Everyone was very friendly and the restaurant was very accommodating. Loved the atmosphere....very open and airy. I had a vodka basil smash.....pretty much tasted like a mojito with basil. Still very light me crisp.Beautiful place! Delicious cocktails with house-made gin, vodka, and rum. They also were running a special for 3lbs of crawfish for $15 which was an absolute steal compared to everywhere else we went. Great service, beautiful atmosphere, and amazing drinks.Decided to have dinner here while visiting NOLA as yelp had given it a "hot and new" rating - so why not? We got there in time for a pretty decent happy hour ($6 cocktails) which were all exceptionally good. The fried pickles were so good we had to order a second round. I had the grilled fish of the day - well executed but nothing too special. The crawfish boil is more than anyone should eat by themselves in one sitting - definitely enough to share. 
Our server was fantastic and played along with our sometimes boisterous group. 
They offer distillery tours as well - we opted not too but looked interesting!The house made Rum was Amazing.  The coolinary menu was really very tasty.  I would come here again.A one of a kind atmosphere in New Orleans . It is beautiful with the distillery behind glass . The food is Delicious and the waiters are friendly . My husband had a gin and tonic - he was so impressed he bought 4 bottles to give to friends !Boiled shrimp with lemongrass, chilies, etc was amazing and Cornish Hen was very good otherwise the meal was mediocre. Remember it is primarily a distillery. Would be hesitant to return unless I items become less salty as noted by one of the other reviews.Just an FYI, if your looking to do a private gathering/dinner Lula is the place to be.
Ours was a prenuptial dinner for 70, in their private Barrel room. The evening couldn't have gone any better. The food was amazing !!!! No, really, really amazing. Great care has been put into the menu choices and execution. From the appetizers thru to the desserts, this comfort food makes you smile.
The open bar was not only super affordable it allowed our guests an extensive selection.
Great food and a great distillery makes for an incredible experience. You can't miss! The staff were not only professional they were personable and a pleasure to deal with.
Lula's is a class act yet without the attitude. When planning the event, Erin was our contact. Her calm demeanor and can do attitude, made me calm. From my first contact with her, I was confident in choosing Lula. So glad we did!!Awesome dinner after a long #NOLA weekend ! Nathan showed love with the hospitality for the first visit! The boudin quail with the braised cabbage down to the reduction​ sauce !First time stopping in here for brunch, the food was amazing and the service was just as good. I really can't think of a better place to be for an 11 o'clock Saturday brunch. They even to distill their own vodka in  house which is pretty amazing! Highly recommend this placeOnly 3 tables full on a Wed and Service was lousy and if I hadn't been w a friend who recommended it, when the owner came by and asked about our night, I would have politely given this feedback.  
Service was slow. Had to ask for specials, had to ask to order, had to ask for extra ketchup, had to ask for check.  My ribs were cold. Not lukewarm.  Cold.  Would have asked to warm them up but was worried it would take an hour. 
Have no clue how their reviews are so high.
As I said, I was a guest of someone so couldn't express my disappointment to the manager in front of her.  But, Erin who replied to this clearly didn't understand.I really enjoyed the ambience. I sat at the bar. My food was delicious. I ordered the fried chicken sandwich it was served with fries. The bottled gin and tonic was very refreshing. Rebecca was a very attentive server & insightful on my brunch choice. I liked the fact that she had tried the menu items and delivered recommendations based on my feedback.Great new restaurant. Needed a place to eat near the Garden District and thought we'd check this place out. Happy we did, the modern vibe, decor and bar are a refreshing twist in the old historic city of New Orleans. Let's talk about the drinks, not only do they make their own liquor (and you can see the beautiful distillery from your seat), but they make mouthwatering drinks. I know mojitos! One of the best mojitos I've ever had, the ice chipped and the mint leaves fresh. We ordered the crab & avocado, new concept for me, and one recipe I will try to recreate. What a delicious combination with a hint of pineapple and peppers but no ingredient overpowering, everything was just right. For the main course I did the crawfish mac & cheese. It comes with a cute little crawfish on top, not too much crawfish, but the waitress warned us of that before we ordered and I did not mind. It tasted like lobster mac & cheese. My husband ordered the ribs, six ribs, fell right off the phone. Finally, although I was so full, I wanted to try to booze cupcakes, they were so cute, but not as good as I expected them to be, a bit too much alcohol on a dessert for my taste. The drinks & food came very fast, as soon as we finished our apps the dinner was brought to us. We sat down around 6:30, they weren't too busy and during that time the staff was fast and very good, by dessert they were swamped and felt like they were struggling to pick up the pace. The waitress was fantastic, but she didn't warn us there were nuts in the cole slaw and the cupcakes, my husband is allergic and that could've turned real ugly. The menu doesn't mention the nuts so I would be aware of that. Regardless it didn't ruin our experience and I would definitely recommend it.Fantastic time eating on the patio on Friday evening!  Food was delicious, service was fantastic and atmosphere was perfect.  Can't wait to go back.Nathan provided great service, went above and beyond to make our evening awesome.  The fried hen was delicious, with the side of dirty rice and coleslaw.  French75 was delightful also!
My husband enjoyed the quail and cabbage.
Next time we will tour the distillery and hope to have room for some desert.We had lunch reservations for 16. We were seated promptly. Everyone totally enjoyed their meals. I will just list what I can remember we ate....crawfish Mac & cheese, pork tenderloin sandwich with fries,iberville salad, fried mirliton pickles,crab & avocado dip, fried chicken sandwich. Can't forget the great drinks we had.... mojito, planters punch, french75, Cucumber vodka Collins, & wine. I was happy that everyone enjoyed their meals & drinks. After we ate we decided to stay for happy hour & sit outside on St. Charles. We all said we would definitely return.Have been here a few times. Food is good but the bar is weak. Have had the steak salad, appetizers. Dessert choices are minimal.Hopped off the St Charles streetcar on the way to the French Quarter to eat lunch. Love this place. My 2nd time to eat here-the first was happy hour and dinner in June. Brunch was still going when we arrived. Atmosphere is very laid back and the place is so light and airy. Love the glass wall where you can look through to distillery. Ordered chicken and biscuits and it was amazing. Friend ordered shrimp and grits and loved it. Others ordered the chicken sandwich with fig jam. It was huge and a perfect combination of flavors. Next trip this will be our 1st place for brunch so we can enjoy the $20 limitless vodka bar. Hopped back on the streetcar when we were done and enjoyed the rest of our day.Been doing the COOLinary circuit - Galatoire's, Upperline, La Petite Grocery to name a few. This place knocked it out the park. The food and ambience were EXCELLENT!Group of 4... everyone ordered something different. I have the fried chicken sandwich. Others had the crawfish Mac, the Fish Club ( no bread ), the boiled Blue Crab Legs (spice garlic), The Grilled fish all as entrees... for appetizers we had the pork skewers and boundin wontons. To keep things simple this was EXCELLENT. Lula is now Our favorite new restaurant in the city for group dining.This spot was on my MUST TRY list when I visited Nola for a week. It did not disappoint! Hubby and I went for lunch and had signature vodka cocktails, a fried chicken sandwich, side grilled veggie salad and crawfish Mac and cheese. Everything was phenomenal! Hubby still raves about how amazing the fig spread was on the chicken sandwich. Even our bartender at the touristy Sazerac in the French Quarter told us that we HAD to try Lula. Without a doubt, I'd recommend this spot!This is a great lunch spot. The fried chicken sandwich, on the lunch menu, is AMAZING! If u aks nicely, and go early, they may even let you order it for dinner. The chicken is fried to perfection and the molasses fig sauce is life changing!! The cornish hen is moist and delish. The mac and cheese is tasty but a bit under-seasoned. The Iberville salad is very yummy. The boudin rolls &  fried mirliton appetizers are also very tasty. The dessert selection has a nice variety.The hand crafted cocktails, made in their own distillery, are a great way to cap off an enjoyable meal in a memorable environment. The happy hour is one of the best deals in the city!To start, the bartender Sarah was pretty cool. She gave us some good tips of things to see and do in NOLA. If Sarah no longer works here, my apologies. I waited too long to write this review, and Yelp has been bugging me to write this review since March. Thank you Sarah! 
March is when my brother and I drove from Florida back to my home in Texas. You can't make that drive without stopping in NOLA, so we did for a few nights. Lula is one of those places we literally stumbled upon. We might have been going to, or coming from, the Garden District. Or, who knows, maybe it was the The National WWII Museum. Regardless, here we are. 
So, unfortunately we were not eating, only drinking. That sounds bad, doesn't it? At least I'm in a city where that sort of behavior seems to be (more) acceptable. And while we were not eating, I can say the restaurant is gorgeous.  The menu offerings all look good. Next time.
So, what gets distilled here? Lula Vodka, Lula Rum and Lula Gin are all made on-site and are featured in signature cocktails that are made fresh daily and served from a custom draught cocktail system. Got to say, booze on tap is pretty cool. The distillery is featured prominently at the back of the restaurant,  behind a wall of glass. 
We did our best to sample all the offerings. No complaints on any, but I liked the gin the best. My brother was partial to the vodka. 
Bottom line: Cool place to chill, away from the chaos (Bourbon St.). 
PS. I think there are also private rooms for functions. Would be a great place for that special party.Great service, great food, great drinks! Love the concept of this place and the decor.what a great concept. Drinks and food were incredible.  Nice job.Beyond outstanding!
Daiquiri is served in a sweet old style glass. Deliciously tart and just sweet enough. 
Started with the fried mirliton pickles- loved them.   They are served somewhat like a fried zucchini stick but so much better!  Will definitely want these every time we go to Lulas. 
We had the Boudin stuffed quail over braised cabbage. Was divine!  Large serving too - my husband and I split it and were quite full. The quail was perfectly grilled, the boudin was savory and slightly spicy over the sweetness of the braised cabbage made this a stunning entree. 
Service was relaxed but attentive. All the staff acted as if they had ownership in the place - in a good way.I'll start off by saying that our server, Meredith (I believe) and Jessie (owner) were the reason for the 4 star, instead of 3 star. Although I received a scathingly nasty email from the owner about my original email (and rating) I will not allow that to decrease the rating. It was a 2 star meal with 5 star service. The average of that is 3.5 but that is not possible so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt.
We had a 7 pm reservation and were seated promptly in an almost empty restaurant. After 10 minutes without anyone coming to our table, we decided to go to the bar and order and were met with some resistance from the blond unfriendly, female bartender who thought we should wait for our server. While true in most cases, we had not seen our server so we ordered there anyway. I ordered the Cucumber Tom Collins drink, which was okay.
Our server, Meredith came and saved the day. She was not our actual server but decided to wait on us so thank her for that. She delivered our drinks and an appetizer of Fried Pickles and Guacamole and crab spread (or something like that for the meat eaters). Think of the best Southern Fried Pickles that you have ever had...keep that memory as this is what you are left with. All of us could not figure out what we had delivered to our table. We even questioned what it was we were eating and assured it was fried pickles. There was no indication of pickle in this dish. Moving on...
They were able to make a vegan pasta dish for me and my co-worker and my other co-workers ordered a medium rare Skirt Steak. My food was just okay. Although is was spicy it was nothing special. My co-worker had to return his dish as it came it extremely well done. Once we pointed this out to our server, wonderful Meredith, she promptly replaced it with another...which was perfect and complimentary.
We had a couple more drinks from their vast selection of crafted beers and left. Because of some of the issue we had two of our drinks and a desert comped as well. Thank you Meredith and Jessie.I was visiting the west side of New Orleans and my girlfriend recommended to stop at this place. The interior was nice and modern. It looked like a brewing factory and I understand why the name of the business includes "distillery". I looked at the menu and I wanted to eat some boiled seafood. I saw shrimp and crabs so I ordered boiled shrimp and blue crab for $25 and a Samuel Smith's organic apple cider for $5. The place was busy but the seafood came relatively quickly. The shrimp was decent (not exceptional) but the crab just wasn't that exciting (fairly flavorless and definitely not worth the extra money). In retrospect, I think I should have ordered only shrimp. The reason why the seafood should be stacked on top of fries is something I do not understand. The fries soak seafood juices and it's just not what should happen. My plate was decent but nothing out of the ordinary. The cider was good. It was a cider I am not familiar with that comes from the U.K. Being a fan of ciders, I would say it was a somewhere between dry and sweet.Loved the location and how it was set up inside. Really nice atmosphere!  The food was pretty good, but nothing to go crazy about. We had the pork skewers and the crawfish Mac and cheese. Could hardly find any crawfish and it lacked the creole flavor I expect from a New Orleans dish but it was nice.  Staff was great!!!Came for dinner and the food was excellent. I was a bit reluctant because the atmosphere is not my thing (loud, uppity types, etc.) but I enjoyed my meal very much. We started with a salad each, which was beautiful but a mistake because they are HUGE. If it's just a starter, definitely share. I had boudin-stuffed quail, which was perfect and very reasonably priced. We didn't have room for dessert after all that salad, but they sounded so good that we took one to go. The cocktail list is nice and it sounds like I have to go back for brunch, too.Great food, signature drinks and atmosphere.  Excellent dinner menu and staff was very attentiveArrived in NOLA and was starving so my mom and I decided to grab a little app before walking around. Food was pretty good but would not recommend coming at 4:20 on 4/20. Service was fine but we came at an awkward time when waiters were switching off so we got three different waiters in the span of 15mins. Overall a good experience but not absolutely amazing or anything to call home about.Very modern/trendy feel to this place. There is a huge patio on St Charles where you can watch the streetcars pass. Good service and drink recommendations.Superb food, atmosphere and drinks. A must visit if you are in Nola! Bartenders are the best in town!First time here and won't be the last. House made gin, vodka and rum were outstanding. The gin and tonic comes bottled with both being made in house. They blend them and then carbonate them together, unreal. We had boudin egg rolls and crab claws for an appetizer. The crab claws came atop fresh French fries and it was all covered in a delicious garlic butter. Wasn't sure about the fries at first, but once they soaked up the butter they were just as good as the crab claws. The egg rolls had awesome boudin and came with a molasses fig dipping sauce that was out of this world. Cocktails and appetizers set the bar high, maybe too high. The entrees were delicious (blackberry glazed ribs and fried Cornish hen) but were overshadowed by the appetizers in my opinion. Our server Megan was friendly, attentive and offered great suggestions from the menu, she dud an outstanding job. Overall a great experience and will definitely be back again.It is a very clean, modern and spacious restaurant. Came in a group for lunch, service was very attentive, it seems they have good alcoholic drinks but I cannot drink any of those :-( We ordered a bunch of items from their lunch menu: lobster Mac n cheese, grilled gulf fish, chicken sandwiches. Food came out quickly and together for all the people which is amazing! My gulf fish tastes ok, not too impressive, I mean, the fish is really thin and seems to be over-grilled, and the rice is basically soaked in olive oil for some reason. The grilled veggies are really good though. My husband likes the chicken sandwiches also. Other friends said their lobster Mac N cheese are good, even though the lobsters are too small to locate lol. Generally a nice place to hung out. Nice environment, ok food, and reasonable prices (each lunch item entree is only around 15 bucks).I was in town from Cali where we're no strangers to good food and service. But Ive gotta say I had one of the best meals I've ever had here  Amazing. Do yourself a favor and get here.Great food, fast and friendly service. Fried Cornish hen yummy. Dessert was amazing- the cupcakes:) Gin distilled here and yum. Easy walk from our hotel.Very hip place. Fascinating to watch the distilling process firsthand. Good service. Food was good but not 5 star good. It was not hot when it came out, which for a hamburger and some fish sandwiches, I wouldn't think would be that hard. Great bar, cool place. Worth a try.Came here for brunch and loved it! A very cute place with really tasty food. We started our meal with the boudin egg rolls which were very tasty, and I followed up with the shrimp and grits which were fantastic. They do a "bottomless vodka" special for $20 where you can make Bloody Marys, screwdrivers, etc, and their house cocktails were reasonably priced and very good.
After brunch we went on a short tour of their distillery, which was interesting and very cute! Would absolutely recommend a meal here.Checked this place out with a group of 10 and everyone loved it! Keely did a great job taking care of us.
Oyster Sliders and Crabmeat Avocado for apps that I loved. 
I had the Gulf Fish (redfish) which was a little dry but that didn't detract from the flavor of the dish. The rice and vegetables were seasoned and cooked perfectly so my first impression of "dry fish" was quickly forgotten as soon as I dug in. 
Christina had the Des Allmends Catfish Club and hasn't stopped talking about it! Wish I had taken a bite. 
My only issue is that it's loud. Concrete floors and exposed ceiling don't make for great acoustics. But that said, it didn't take away from the experience at all. 
We'll be back!This place was dope. We ate here because the pelican brief or whatever bullshit overrated oyster place down the street that we'd planned to go to had a long wait. Great decision. Fantastic crawfish, delicious rabbit and black drum, all priced under $20. The best part, however, is the in-house distillery, which produces delicious rum, vodka, and gin that the bartender uses to whip up some excellent bottled cocktails, including a perfectly balanced negroni, which cost under $10. In terms of quality, price, and ingenuity, Lula is aggressively ideal.The space is sooo spacious. You can see the distillery at the back of the restaurant. You can tell the servers want to be super attentive, but it looks like they're struggling. 
The food was so-so. Nothing wowed me and there was nothing I would order again. 
Boozy cupcakes ($7) - vanilla cake with praline sauce. It has a pipette with rum sticking out of the cupcake. This cupcake was so dry. All that sauce made it a dry super sweet cupcake.
Cornish hen ($18) - my friend ordered this. She said it tastes like very salty fried chicken. Dirty rice was OK. Creole slaw wasn't her cup of tea. 
Grilled veggie with skirt steak ($15) - I thought the dressing was overly sweet. Yes yes, molasses dressing. But, I just don't like my salad drowning in dressing. So. I got my steak medium rare and it was perfect and tender. Should have just gotten the skirt steak with fries and a side salad. 
Escargot St Michael ($10) - The blandest escargot I've ever had. But I'm prob just used to eating it smothered in butter. 
Service - David. He was really nice, but was running around the entire time servicing other tables. Apologized that the food was "mediocre" and said he hoped he would see us next time. Then the manager came to get us for the tour. Asked us how the food was. Asked us to be honest. I was honest. And he goes "Well! I heard y'all wanted to go on a tour of the distillery." Like. Obviously they don't gaf about their customers' opinions if they can blatantly dismiss it after asking for it. Like okay... why did you ask? 
Tour - wasn't their fault but it was terrible. We ended up being stuck with a group of 10 other women and a man. And they were face timing and snap chatting and really just disrupting the tour for me and my friend. 
Drinks were really good! I had the bees knees and the cucumber vodka Collins. Both were very refreshing. So I'd definitely come back for drinks and a good time.I want to like this place so bad but I can't! It has so much potential. It's got a great vibe and location but that's about it. I've been three times: twice for brunch and once for dinner. Each time the place was nearly empty, awful service and blah food.We are visiting NoLa and looking for a hearty bite later on a Sunday evening. Everything we ordered at Lula hit the spot to a T (crawfish mac n cheese, grilled Gulf fish, grilled vegetable & chicken salad). What really stood out, however,was the service. Our waitress Brittany was fabulous. We probably would have ordered beers but she explained the distilled options in a way that really highlighted them, and her recommendations for how to order them were appreciated for us as we aren't gin/vodka drinkers. Drinks were great! 
Brittany was attentive, friendly, and at the end of the meal she did two things that none of us have ever had any server do for us EVER - she wrote the date and dish on our take out boxes, a small gesture but so smart! Also all of our entrees ranged in price enough that it required some dreaded credit card math, and Brittany volunteered to divide what each person ordered by name. It was kind of slow so can't say that's always possible, but still, we all left feeling we wanted to acknowledge how over the top great she was.Food and atmosphere was amazing.  We went If for lunch on Sunday walked right in.  The service, staff, restaurant and food was solid.First time and probably last time. New Years Eve with party of eight. We ordered from pre fixed menu. They didn't have rabbit gumbo after we ordered it, so we opted for chicken sausage gumbo. Came a long time later and was barely warm. Not much chicken or sausage. I got the feeling we were being treated like tourists. Our server had no help bringing dishes and was bringing them 2 at a time. Other servers had help, why not ours? I ordered filet with scallops. When it did come the steak was just warm and cold by halfway through the meal. We were told they were "short staffed" but I noticed other tables being served and leaving sometimes twice while we waited. Another excuse was the "kitchen messed up the order." I don't think so. Our orders were correct, our server was busy doing something else and forgot us. There was a big party or something "in the other room" as we were told. I also watched our server be much more attentive to other diners. After 3 hours and no dessert, we asked for that to go. To top it off, the bill was not itemized and we were overcharged. I know it was a busy night but don't advertise what you can't deliver. I will not return to this restaurant and I surely won't reccomend it to anyone elseExcellent food.  I had the grilled skirt steak, cooked perfectly medium rare, this may be one of the better steaks I've had in the city.  Served with fresh cut fries and a salad, fairly simple but delicious.  They distill their own rum, gin and vodka - they're best mixed in cocktails, nothing fancy but good.  The dining room has high ceilings which help diffuse the  noise when the place gets packed.If you are looking for a great time with a group, this is a perfect place to go. The service at Lula is impeccable, and the food is even better. I really enjoyed all the cocktails they had on the menu, all using their own homemade liquors. Go check it out!One of my friend's local friends suggested we try this place.   The place wasn't that busy when we arrived at 5:30 on a Saturday but by the time we left was full.   We got there just in time for happy hour and tried every appetizer on the menu- and they were all worth trying.   Personally, I liked the avocado dip the best along with the beef/sugar cane skewers.   
For dinner, had the stone crab claw boil- not what I expected, but better.  Get the hot boil if you enjoy the heat.-  well worth it.   
Ask for Brian the waiter- he took great care of our table and the birthday guests.With our server Brittney Wright we had a glorious diet food experience in NO. The food and drinks were awesome, but Brittney made the occasion perfect.We were in town visiting and found this place on Yelp. All 8 people in our party loved the food. The spicy garlic sauce for the boiled shrimp / crab really is spicy. The Grilled Gulf Fish is perfectly seasoned and a wonderfully mild dish to please everyone. We were surprised the place wasn't busier for the quality of service. Would highly recommend for a group, surely will please everyone.Had a great experience multiple times. Great atmosphere, food, and drinks. 
Will keep coming back and recommendingThe atmosphere is gorgeous and the service was fast and efficient.
The food was a bit disappointing. We are New Orleans locals and when we see "boiled seafood" we expect a plate full. We ordered the boiled shrimp over fries. The appetizer was $15 - it came with 5 pieces of shrimp and a mountain of fries. They also gave us shrimp heads with no shrimp. I couldn't help but feel I was cheated $15.  They should not label it as such or they should change the price. For example, the neighboring restaurant Blind Pelican offers two full plates around 20 pieces of boiled shrimp for $15. 
Other than that great experience.The gulf fish was great - and a nice, light dish compared to usually heavy seafood fare everywhere else.  The accompanying chimichurri rice was delicious.  The grilled vegetable salad is was also great, and a nice surprise.  Def order it.  Lunch pricing is great, too.  Good happy hour, and never a wait.  Not sure why this place is so empty.A very good meal. Garlic shrimp over fries and crawfish Mac and cheese were delicious. Well worth the price.One of the worst dining experiences I've had in a while! While the service was satisfactory, the food left much to be desired. The Grilled vegetable salad was virtually tasteless, the fried Cornish hen had the potential to be delicious but was so salty it was almost uneatable, and the pork roast was mediocre at best. We also had the pork skewer as an appetizer... smelled like dog food and didn't taste much better.  The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because our waitress was kind and accommodating! - This restaurant had really good reviews, so I'm super disappointed, maybe we just ordered the wrong things:(Never heard of this place until I went out for lunch with some friends yesterday. 
The restaurant itself is beautiful and comfortable on the inside. The service was fast and great. Our waiter (Josh?) continued to check on us throughout and meet our ridiculous demands. I ordered the boiled shrimp. The shrimp themselves were delicious and served on a large bed of fries. Next time I order this meal, I will probably ask for the shrimp and fries to be separated since my fries go really soggy really fast, but all was good. I also ordered the daiquiri and learned that all daiquiris are not frozen. 
TL;DR- It's good. Give it a shot.This restaurant is AMAZING! We had the pickle appetizer (the dipping sauce was delicious) and the avocado appetizer (bread was perfect). We also had two mixed drinks that were great. The boiled shrimp with garlic butter and crawfish Mac and cheese were our entrees both were so good we struggled to stop eating. The servers were very nice and provided the perfect amount of assistance. This place is excellence and you should eat here! (We are coming back for brunch tomorrow)We ended up stopping here on our walk tn another restaurant and decided to give it a shot. It was a beautiful day so the patio was full BUT the manager and staff brought a table out from the inside so we didnt have to wait. Awesome. Service was very friendly but also very slow. Food was good but did not make me want to go back super soon. Beautiful restaurant in a great spot. Boudin eggrolls were good, burger was good,  skirt steak was good but maybe a little too charred for my taste, pork tenderloin was good but a but tough and dry/overcooked. It's a maybe for returning later once they've settled.The gin had as very different taste that detracted from the martini. Couldn't put my finger on it.  I have been drinking martinis for 35 years. The fries were soggy. The boudin would be better if it wasn't in the egg roll. The vodka taste was off as well. Beautiful space.The inside of this place has a bit of a warehouse/industrial feel to it so it is certainly modern/trendy versus classic/homey. 
The food was quite good and also leans more towards a modern than classic cuisine, but still with a New Orleans influence. 
Our waiter was quite patient even though my mother was asking a bunch of questions, he did not visibly roll his eyes (believe me, I've seen this before).
The location is convenient to the Garden District and right by a streetcar stop. 
It depends what you're looking for but if you're looking for a less formal more casual dining experience with a bit of a modern flair, Lula is worth checking out.A few friends and I went for a late brunch this morning and found the scenery to be quite nice. Although they both ordered salad and sandwiches, I went for the boudin egg roll appetizer. It was delicious! Can't speak for any of the other food or drinks. The staff was very nice and accommodating, as well.Really, really great fresh grilled fish. The draft IPA and atmosphere was fresh and sunny and open. A nice half mile walk from the convention center area and worth every step!!Fantastic not overly crowded love the vodka bar for brunch food was great going to put this place on my go to list when I wanna have a great brunchMichelle was amazing. She was so sweet. Accommodated my dairy allergy and had great recommendations.  Food was great, and those drinks??? Ooooh. The best! Had to take a few to go.Took the recommendation of other yelp people. Loved this place. Rum punch is great. The boudin egg rolls were wonderful.  Also had coleslaw salad with shrimp.  The shrimp were huge & the salad refreshing. I sat at the bar at a high top so I could people watch.  Staff were very friendly and attentive!  I'll be back.Great drinks, amazing food (crawfish mac and especially the cole slaw), and a cool atmosphere with great service.This is a hard one. We enjoyed the space and the food while we were there BUT... the next day the hubby and I both had food poisoning with the exact same symptoms. In analyzing the day, we only had two meals, one of which where we didn't have the same thing and the other at Lula where we shared 3 dishes. Unfortunately we have a bad feeling that it was from one of those 3 dishes. Whaa whaa...Nice restaurant. A bit slow while we were there but our server was excellent and the food was outstanding. Great use of fresh ingredients. Will be back.First time in NOLA and I was recommended this spot by a local. Upon arriving to the destination, I was super impressed w/ the bartender (JUDY) and her excellent customer service. She was very informative on the h/o where this distillery originated from. THIS PLACE IS A MUST!!!! If you come to NOLA you have to stop by this and ask for Judy!!!!You walk into a beautifully designed distillery, lots of space and good atmosphere. They have a small menu. Good food and especially food boudin egg rolls. (My favorite) prices are a bit high but food is decent. Not a huge fan of sausage skewers as they were a bit dry.Service was great ! Food was just ok ! Boiled crawfish had a fishy smell to it and a bit grainy . Was recommended by a friend but was very disappointed ! Don't think we'll be coming back 'Went for our first time last night. The drinks were perfect. Loved the Vodka( took a bottle home with us). Not a Gin drinker but my stepson said it was really good. The wait staff was pleasant and informative. Had the fish club. It had a lot of bread but the fish was good. The fried pickles were amazing with the smoked dip. We enjoyed the patio during dinner.Came in to try samples of the spirits.. bartender initially told us the price was $10 and changed the price to $15 after serving us.. his only response was "is that a problem?" and didn't honor the $10
price. Spirits were fine but not up to the quality of other craft distilleries I've visited. I didn't try the food so that might be worth a visit because the space is nice, but wouldn't come back for cocktails.The crawfish Mac & cheese is off the chain and so are the fries. The cocktails are refreshing and was very please with our service and every choice we made was delicious and we were there just to visit for Mardi Gras  but if we come back to Nola we will definitely stop by!Food is ok. Bartender is amazing. Table service was AWFUL. We only had one course and it took 1.5 hours. Water glasses empty for a good 20 minutes. Didn't see our waiter for at least a half hour and when he did come by we STILL had to ask for our check (we had been done eating with cleaned plates for a good 15 minutes). This is a beautiful spot but I really hope they work out their kinks.We went here and sat at the bar on a Saturday and it was pretty busy but they were able to accommodate us. The drinks were really good! We didn't get to try the food though because we had eaten right before coming. You can also sit outside on the patio! The only reason that this place didn't get the full 5 stars was because the bartender was kind of rude when we first got there. Eventually he "warmed up" to us though and was nicer. Not really sure where the disconnect was though. I did try the rum as a shot and I thought I was gonna die because of how strong it is. I enjoyed the atmosphere though!Beautiful space & distillery. Food was great (delicious gumbo!) and presentation. Spirits and cocktails fell a little short, despite being artfully crafted.Sounds like this place is renown for cocktails, but, alas, I came in for lunch on a work trip. Big, nice space (with a large patio out front)--albeit without much character. Food was good & plentiful, though. Had the crawfish mac&cheese, and it came out in a cast iron pan, all caramelized on top. That dish also comes with a huge side salad, which was also very nice. Ate at the bar & had friendly service.Oftentimes, I say to visitors, "I challenge you to find a bad meal in New Orleans." Sadly, I came upon a bad meal and a bad dessert at Lula's. 
The Good: Their on-premises distilled vodka, rum, and gin are top notch. Plus, it is nice to be able to take home a bottle or two of these tasty spirits. Also, their restaurant has a spacious, airy feel with great views of the distillery. Finally, the location along Saint Charles and private rear lot are excellent perks for guests. 
The Bad: 1) Crawfish Mac & Cheese. It's hard to mess up this deliciously rich and cheesy dish but sadly Lula's does. The dish 'looks' good but the flavor is bland at best. To make it worthwhile, I added salt, pepper, and Crystal hot sauce. Plus, the consistency of the dish was far too soupy. Since it's cooked in a small cast iron skillet, I expected the dish to be hot and bubbly. Sadly, it was loose, lukewarm, and soupy. Additionally, the ratio of pasta and crawfish is too skewed - too little crawfish (and flavor). While it's true that the noodles were cooked well, that's the only positive for this dish. Consider improving the flavor profile with 1-2 ounces more of crawfish; adding garlic; adding smoked cheeses; and cooking long enough to ensure the dish is bubbly (and not soupy). 2) Apple Pastry with Vanilla Icecream. Upon ordering, I specifically asked the waiter whether the apply pastry was hot. He wasn't sure but said he'd make sure it was hot either way. Sadly, this beautiful apple pastry purse was not even lukewarm. Further, the apples were mushy and not well seasoned. Finally, even the waiter noted that the dough was too "doughy" or soft. Of course, a barely eaten and lackluster dessert didn't signal to him to consider removing it from my bill. 
The Ugly: The Ladies Room. Aside from being badly in need of attention (toilet paper and paper towels), the restroom was in a very poor condition of cleanliness (refuse all over the floor and sinks and toilet out of order). Plus, the air filter was so filled with dust, that it's looked like a fluffy, grey wool sock. Nasty. 
If this restaurant and distillery hopes to make it as both, then Lula needs to step it's food game up...way up.We were staying in the area and got on OpenTable and found this place.  It was one of our favorite meals in New Orleans, which was a huge surprise.  First, their drinks are wonderful.  The Gin and Tonic are their own.  They bottle them and it is wonderful.  I am usually a Gin and Tonic fan but it was great.  The cucumber and vodka drink was good as well.  We started with the escargot and the crab fingers.  Both were great.  The crab fingers with the fries were AMAZING.  This dish was one of my favorite for the week.  My husband got the ribs and I got the shrimp.  Both entrees were good and favorable.  However, the best thing was the crab fingers which if returned would be my entrée.  We finished the meal with chocolate cheese cake.  However, it wasn't that great.  I would pass on that the next time.  I think all the other deserts had nuts and I am allergic to nuts.  My husband bought a bottle of their gin to take home.  The staff was friendly and Megan T did a nice job explaining everything to us.  Additionally, the owner/manager came by the table and asked how we found them.  I believe they do some sort of tours if interested but we were there just for our meal.  We actually considered returning during our week but there are so many good places in New Orleans.  However, the fact that we considered it, is a huge compliment.  Four drinks, two starters, two entrees and a desert was $121 before tip.Enjoyed Easter Brunch here.  Stumbled upon restaurant after trying a couple of others that had wait times of over an hour. Enjoyed the cream based broccoli soup and crawfish macaroni and cheese. Son had fried chicken sandwich, which he also enjoyed.  Service was excellent.Amazing brunch menu with a bottomless vodka bar and amazing speciality cocktails. I highly recommend the punch and Mac n cheese. Very cute atmosphere....high expectation, higher letdown...
The atmosphere and the drinks are by far the only good part about the restaurant. The architecture and the open exposed ceiling is beautiful. The restaurant is clean, rustic, and chic with a great vibe and playlist. The drinks are great with their housemade alcohol.
That brings us to the food. ABSOLUTELY AWFUL! Boudin egg rolls were bready, disappointing, and tasteless. I've eaten redfish all my life. This was the ABSOLUTE worst fish I've eaten in a restaurant - dry, flavorless, and tough to cut (yes I couldn't cut with a fork). 
The service was subpar at best. Walked in and no one was at the hostess stand for several minutes to help. Waiter came to the table 3 times the whole night. When we told him the fish was awful, no action was taken to reprimand the situation.
UPDATE: Jess from Lula has corrected the issue and made the situation right. Thanks for your quick response!Lula is one of the best restaurants with both great food and friendly staff! I really enjoyed their brunch. Their salad is delicious as well as their unique appetizers. It's one of the rare places I would actually go back multiple times.Good food on St Charles, but we had horrible service. Our waiter was friendly but would disappear for large amounts of time. Before we ordered our drinks. Time to get drinks. Time to order food.  Time to get the check. Time to run the CC. It was really frustrating and unfortunately made our experience less than ideal.Excellent and a must try when in New Orleans! The Hot Garlic Shrimp were delicious and their house made spirits were on point as well! Try their bottled  gin and tonic, it was a great surprise and had excellent flavor!Meh.  Cucumber Collins were very tasty, but otherwise I was underwhelmed.  Server did not know what the happy hour specials were, nor did he know what the soup of the day was.  Also, he wasn't aware of some of the sides that were offered.  He was, however, very nice.  
Escargots were ok, but snails and mushrooms all had the same texture so they should add something to give contrast.  My crawfish mac n cheese had 4 minute crawfish tails and was very spicey.  I will say that when I complained, they brought out 6 boiled crawfish to supplement.  The crawfish were nicely purged but as a native, I could tell they had been cooked in advance as another post mentioned.  I think tourists will like this place because it's large, has a Louisiana centric menu, and has the novelty of the distillery, but with so many authentic choices in town, I won't be returning.The fried chicken sandwich is awesome.  The service is terrific and the ambiance is great.  What a beautiful setting.  My wife loved the salad with fresh HUGE shrimp.This was one of my favorite meals while visiting New Orleans. It was our last day in NOLA and my girlfriend and I were tired of popping around the French Quarter. We had passed Lulas several times on the streetcar and their outside eating patio always stood out to me. Finally, on our last day, we decided to try it out. After days of heavier food, Lulas light, but filling, food was exactly what we needed. I got the crawfish mac-and-cheese with their grilled veggies as a side. Oh goodness, it was to die for! I'm going to recommend this place to anyone looking for something other than the stereotypical standard food cuisine of NOLA. Also our server was top notch and didn't mind that we kept switching and moving tables to get out of the sun. Thank you for being patient with us. 
Lulas for the win.Ate there for lunch.  Drinks were great, appetizers and food were good.  We also sampled their Vodka distilled at this location. 
Very good.Went here for a late lunch / early happy hour waiting for friends to get into town.  Ordered drinks off the happy hour menu.
Vodka basil smash was done right!  Cucumber vodka Collins was a bit sweeter than I like but I'm not a sweet drink person.
Had the smoked pompano and avocado dip. Didn't skimp on the bread like other places but the avocado overwhelm the pompano (smoked fish?)
Ordered the hot boiled shrimp.  Better to have fries on the side vs underneath as it got soggy right away.  Overall great atmosphere and well decorated!Location, space, decor, cleanliness, great food, unique & delicious beverages. Check. Check. Check. Check. Check. Check.
But, I just can't keep quiet about our server (who I don't want to call out by name). I understand the back & forth between table & server -- quippy remarks made/jokes shared, but it's all about reading your table. Our server became abrasive and offensive numerous times throughout our experience at Lula. 
First he mocked my mother for asking if something was spicy. Stating, "why does everyone ask that?! If it were spicy it would SAY spicy on the menu!" etc., Awkward laughs... We were sitting outside on the patio when it started lightly drizzling, ourselves & our server seemed confident that it would pass over quickly & our server even grabbed us an extra umbrella (good move, was much appreciated) but, as our food was about to come out the storm picked up & rain from one of the umbrellas was pouring onto the middle of our table. That's when, apologetically, we said maybe it would be a good idea to move inside (which had plenty of open tables). Well, my sister was the first one into the restaurant following behind our server who overheard him say to another server, "I tried to get them to move inside PLENTY of times but they're now finally realizing the error of their ways!" Seriously......? Sorry, we were trying to NOT be that high maintenance table & stay outside when it started to drizzle as to not disrupt your service. & lastly he basically double-checked to make sure my aunt had left him a decent tip on her separate check (that she paid with in cash) before leaving the table with the checkbook. He literally opened it in front of our entire table to make sure she had left enough. To me, that's just bad taste. He knew his stuff but just talked non-stop & never gave anyone a chance to get a word in edgewise. 
Like I said earlier, place was great overall but for me a server can seriously make or break an experience. I had the Fish Club & it was super delicious & I typically NEVER order fish from restaurants. Definitely worth it to check the place out. & you may have the best time. Our server just wasn't our cup of tea & really had no concept of how he was coming across. I know this because he even mentioned the restaurant trying to get its Yelp score up by the end of the month & told us if we were so inclined to go ahead & leave a review. I'm just unsure of how someone can lack so much self awareness. Just a major disconnect between our table & our server.My goodness, the food here is delicious! I was a little nervous bringing the family here without first vetting it on my own, but my nerves were abated when we walked in the door. We went for brunch, and every plate we passed looked so tasty. I had the shrimp and grits. Phenomenal. Fried green tomatoes layered with the grits add the perfect amount of texture and the sauce was amazing! We got a plate of the French toast for the table to share and everyone loved it. Definitely decadent! The hubs got the fried chicken sandwich with fried egg and I couldn't believe how good it was...Oh, and the drinks! Loved the lemon basil smash and planters punch. Really everything we ordered was so good that I can't wait to go back. Plus bottles of their own liquors to go, what's not to love! Also, can't wait to try the AYCD vodka bar next time we come for brunch.The restaurant is beautiful. The food was great the pork loin sandwich was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. They make their own vodka and rum. Very good experience. Great service. We will be back for sure.Brunch was great. 
Beautiful inside seating and outside where you can bring your dog with you. 
Service was excellent. Drinks were made well. Appetizers, we tried the sugarcane pork, well done. 
Food was amazing, great location on St. Charles ave.Stopped in for lunch.  The first thing that stood out was how clean everything was.  Our server, Molly, was very personable and knowledgeable about the menu.  At her suggestion we enjoyed the refreshing Cucumber Vodka Collins.  We chose the Cheeseburger and Lee Lee Chicken Sandwich.  Both were delicious.  We will return.So delicious! I got the fried fish sandwich and the all you can drink vodka. The vodka is incredibly smooth, I'll be buying a bottle after lunch! And the sandwich is fresh, not too soggy and just really flavorful. Next time I'm in New Orleans id absolutely come back and try something new!