As many other yelpers have stated, I've been dying for this place to open since I moved in around the corner. They finally opened during the course of the week leading up to Mardi Gras, and I couldn't be more excited for it. 
Walking into the Magasin, you'll get a very upscale, trendy vibe to the place. Everything is sleek and new, and quite impressive. I'm a fan of their lighting, but that's another story. 
I was salivating at the menu upon first glance. I settled on their Pho my first go around, and I was so very satisfied. Their presentation is flawless, and their amazing food just makes the whole experience even more delightful. Yes, they may only have one size to their Pho bowls, but to be honest, that could be the least of my concerns. I've since gone back and tried numerous menu items - among my favorites are the Spicy Beef Noodle Soup, the Grilled Shrimp Spring Rolls, and the BBQ Pork Vermicelli Noodle Bowl. Tasty, Tasty, Tasty. 
At the moment, they're still in their first few weeks of being open. They have a delightful owner (who even let my roomie and I be served before they opened for dinner the other day!), and staff who are very eager and apologetic for mistakes made. I haven't had a problem waiting for my food, as all of the times I have gone there, my food has been brought to me in under 10 minutes. I've had to wait longer at numerous other restaurants, so I don't see the wait for food as an issue. 
Cost wise, Magasin is super affordable, with most meals costing under $10. I love meals that don't break my bank and Magasin caters to these needs. 
A few tips - Magasin is BYOB (no corking fees), they do take-out, avoid the busy hours of the day (i.e. 12pm, 6-7ish). I haven't had a problem yet rolling in around 5:30, right when they start up dinner, or a little after the lunch crowd. 
To make a long story short, this is my new go to Pho shop. It may not be like those Pho shops on the westbank, but I've fallen in love with Magasin, and will continue to visit this darling shop frequently. I've been going back continually, and quite frankly, you should give it a shot.As someone who has lived and traveled around Asia, I scrutinize Asian restaurants a little more than others. I look at noodle shops as "Asian fast food" and I'm used to hole in the wall places that are open until 3am. I find it a little unusual that people (hipsters) would want to have a dining experience with soup and noodles.
BUT Magasin does a fantastic job of blending East and West as well as bringing local Vietnamese food culture to Uptown. This is probably the only place that I have been to more than once in a month. I love, LOVE their BBQ pork spring rolls as well as, of course, their pho! The portions are a good size, my order came to me really quickly, and the bill didn't break my budget. 
They do close nightly around 9 pm but I hope they keep open later in future. They just opened and while their staff are friendly and polite, they seem at times a little overwhelmed. But that's OK because they will get even better once they hit their stride. They are going to be a strong Uptown establish soon enough!Fresh and delicious. It was busy for a Monday at lunch, but we only had to wait ten minutes or so for a table of 2. They offer many options, at reasonable prices. Vietnamese sandwiches (bahn mi) are about $4-5 each and are in yummy crusty bread with an average portion of meat. Spring rolls are also inexpensive at $4 for 2 with a side of peanut sauce. The lemongrass chicken was excellent.Magasin is such a great find in NOLA.  We wanted Vietnamese food during our trip to NOLA and the locals recommended Magasin. The decor was extremely modern with a very refreshing feel to it.  I imagine if I were to open up a Pho restaurant on Hillcrest or North Park, it'd mirror something like that.   
We ordered the egg rolls, pork spring rolls, banh mi, and some Pho.  My oxtail Pho was probably the best Pho I've had.  This is coming from a southern California gal who practically grew up with Pho. The broth was very light and flavorful.  The noodles cooked perfectly, and the oxtails were perfectly juicy.    The best part part?  The Pho was served on a plate with a side of bean sprouts and other herbs. 
The presentations were absolutely gorgeous for a Pho restaurant.  Service was friendly and attentive and I honestly don't have a single bad thing to say about Magasin.Excellent Vietnamese restaurant with a modern decor and style. We only had pho but I did see other dishes that were ordered by others and they all looked good!The filet mignon Pho is amazing! My favorite Vietnamese in Uptown New Orleans!People have been telling me to go to Magasin since it opened and I'm happy to say that I finally made it on Lundi Gras day this year. The small space was packed and we had to wait to be seated at the bar by the window, but it was worth the 15 minute wait. I had been suffering from a terrible cold and their pho was exactly what I needed. It may not be the most "authentic" Vietnamese food, but oh so good! This was by far the most pho I have ever eaten in one sitting. I had the rare steak and it was delicious. Service was attentive and very fast with any requests we had.  I will be back to try other options, my friend had the eggplant bun which looked amazing as well.We used to go here frequently and my gf love their chicken curry that was priced less than $10. Called an order for it over the phone and was told the menu has been updated since their renovation. They replaced it with the braised oxtail which I was hesitant to try. What we got was a $20 + .50 take out upcharge messs that was still gelatinous when heated up. The French bread included was stale and dried up. It looked like it was prepped for a Banh mi and forgotten. We will not be coming back here again.Have eaten there several times with the family (wife and two four year olds). We like it because the food is really good and consistently so. The service is fast and the place is clean. Prices are very reasonable. One of our kids is a picky eater, but likes the chicken with vermicelli - so nice not to plead with him to eat! Seating is limited, but as others point out, the turnover is pretty fast.This is my favorite Vietnamese restaurant and has been for years. They recently did a facelift to the interior and it looks pretty awesome. This is a family ran establishment and they put their heart and soul in their craft. I read a few reviews from the other yelpers which are absurd and inaccurate. First of all, yes prices went up. Ok, that's not a deal breaker for me especially when the food is amazing. The service is always always friendly and excellent. My new favorite things on the menu are oxtail curry which I dream about and their new pork and wood ear mushroom spring rolls which I crave on the daily. This place did not get taken over by a design company, like a previous review stated. It is simply the best.We've always loved Magasin but recently, they have really been lacking.  Now when we walk in, we don't get acknowledged and the staff seem like they could care less about being there or caring at all.  
The food literally gets thrown down on the table.  Granted, the food is still good, but the atmosphere is really not good.  I miss the smiling and caring staff they used to have.Eat here regularly and generally have a pho soup of some sort.  Crab rangoon appetizer is also very good as appetizer.  Never disappointment.  We walk there from our house, otherwise the parking would be a drag.after many attempts to like this place, finally have to give up. food is boring and bland and tonight was the final straw: worst service and attitude imaginable. waiter was unable to grasp the concept of food allergy and *twice* brought out a dish that was messed up. finally he said the kitchen simply refused to cook anything my friend wanted and would only serve plain white rice. i know this sounds crazy like i must be making it up but it's absolutely true. there are plenty of good Vietnamese options within blocks of this joint, drive on by.I went here 3 times in two weeks. LOVE their lemongrass Bánh mì sandwiches!!!! YUM3 strikes and you're out! I've been here before. The pass two visits were bad so I decided give it another try. I usually come back to a restaurant a few times before I give it a review or rating. My third time coming here, it was closed. All 3 times I've been here this month they were closed. What kind of establishment does that?! I wouldn't recommend coming because most likely they'll be closed!This place is pretty good but I can't understand why it's always packed out when Pho Cam Ly is just down the street.I may not understand all these hipsters with their edison lightbulbs and chic concrete counter tops, but I can appreciate good food when I eat it.  At Magasin, it's hard not to: it's like slapping your palate across the tastebuds with a savory shamwow.  While that may not make sense now, it will once you eat here.  The food is vietamerican (NOT fusion...thank goodness) - or at least I'm calling it that.  It may not be super authentic vietnamese, but in catering to my fatty inner american they have created something truly amazing.  Throw in the fact that everything is very affordable (we're talking ~$10 or less/person) and the deal has been sealed. 
Come early though because it always seems to be hopping with people.  Based on the reviews from people who went earlier in the week, it seems like they are getting their act together pretty quick.  We had a bit of a wait (~15 min) but the owner brought us some blue cheese crab rangoons and quelled any anxieties we might have built up.  I can't wait for their breakfast/po-boy place to open up in the back.  Based on the chicken lemongrass banh mi I ordered, I'm suspect it will be a mind-blowing experience.
Protip: If you stop on by, bring a bottle of wine - there's no corking fee!Where to even begin?.. THIS PLACE IS AHMAZINGGGGG!!!! Best Pho uptown. everything on the Menu is delicous. I love Pho Oxtail and I'm always there 2-3 times a week.
I love the fact that they are FitNola friednly so when I need a light meal they have it. Baked chicken and Salmon are delicious. 
The prices are great compare to toher Vietnamese places uptown.
The staff is  very sweet and friendly. I LOVE THIS PLACE.Magasin has not even been open a month yet and it has 17 reviews (now 18) with a four star rating. That's saying something!
Normally I'd wait to bang out a review so quickly, BUT... when food is *this* good, you just want to tell the world. Pardon me as I rejoice, because now I can get a daily dose of vegetarian Vietnamese spring rolls! Well, except for Mondays. All vegetarians can rejoice in the fact that there are about two options in every category from appetizers to pho to bun to banh mi! Vegan, at that. Pinch me, I mean it. The food is incredible here (to be fair, I've yet to have bad Vietnamese food in this city). I loved my garlic tofu bun (vermicelli salad) and avocado spring roll. In fact, I'm already planning my second visit within 3 days.
Due to the immediate popularity of the place, you will find a line at prime times. And honestly, the staff seemed really overwhelmed the other night. A couple of them pointedly ignored people waiting for service, but that was rectified by who I believe to be the owner going around making sure everyone was taken care of. There are really nice people involved in this restaurant and I do feel that in time, things will calm down and their operation will be in order.
So, some personal taste things. I, for one, do not like the whole 'ordering at the counter and then find a seat to get served' trend. Half service, as I like to call it. What this means is that I'll be more inclined to take out of here than anything else (and I'd so give them a fifth star if they added blessed delivery). One thing to note: you need to ask for condiments like hot sauce and soy sauce, as there isn't a condiment bar and they won't automatically put these in. If you're like me, this is important. 
It's sleek and modern decor will appeal to those looking for a dining experiences with a bit more ambiance than the likes of Pho Tau Bay, however I prefer the latter because there is charm in a more lived-in and loved type of space. Magasin is a bit too bright for me. We all look so much *kinder* in dimmer lights, don't we?Was here again! Hd the pho this time and the bunh! Okay this is a winner!! Best vietnamese restaurant so far!! We like more vege and broth and lesser noodles and thats exactly what we had !!I waited to come here, mainly because every time I drove by, there was a huge line-up outside. This made me believe that this place must be amazing. 
I like the interior decor, the seating inside and outside, which then really explained to me why there was a line up.
I can't say that I was thrilled with my food. I can say that the portions they gave were just right. My friend got the lemongrass chicken bun and I got the stir fried pork noodles, one of their specialties. We also shared a steamed pork bun.
I was expecting my noodles to be full of flavor, but instead, what I got was starchy tasting ramen noodles that were clearly not stir fried with the pork as it did not embody the flavor. The bbq pork was seasoned with the typical roast bbq pork sauce that you get in chinese restaurants, it wasn't the bbq vietnamese pork I was expecting. The rest of the dish was very spicy, and to compensate for the starchy noodles that were stuck together, I had to put in a bit of hoisin sauce, something I never usually do - I reserve hoisin for cooking. I enjoyed the onion and cilantro soup that came with my dish.  My friend noted that she liked her lemongrass chicken, it tasted very good, but commented that the bun and veggies could have done with a little bit more seasoning, or the sauce was a bit too sweet. She felt that if the veggies were cut slightly different, it would have been easier to mix her food together as well. She felt that the dish as a whole was lacking something, it might have been the added taste of the vegetables (cucumbers were bit tasteless), as you usually get from other vietnamese places. The steamed pork bun I would have to say I enjoyed, however a bit soggy, I expected it to be a bit fluffier, I love steamed pork buns in general.
Oh well, I may have been disappointed because I was expecting more. I do like the food at Magasin (give them extra points for presentation), but I think I'm going to stick with my Viet food on the West Bank.I'm so glad this place opened! I live a few blocks away and have been waiting for this place to open for months due to the lack of Vietnamese restaurants nearby that aren't across the river or in Metairie.
We decided to go to dinner last night, and although they were out of milk tea, we ordered a grilled shrimp spring roll, which was very fresh and flavourful. It's about as much cost-wise as other vietnamese restaurants but the spring rolls come two to an order as opposed to four. I ordered the lemongrass chicken bun which was fresh and bright, but there were 3 rather massive, awkward slices of cucumber that were too big to incorporate into the dish without using my hands to break it up into smaller pieces. The "lemongrass chicken" was mild in flavour; i didnt even really detect ANY lemongrass flavour attributed to it, and it was also large pieces that had to be broken apart, and unfortunately there was a lot of cartilage...on chicken. Which should never happen. But all that aside, it was delicious. My fiancé ordered the filet mignon pho, which was beautiful and well presented. The filet was a nice addition to the pho as it was very tender. The difference between it and other pho I've had is that it has a very prominent note of star anise. It was the first and main flavour I tasted in it. In this respect, I prefer other pho just because the others I've had had more contributing flavours that were balanced better. 
The interior design was spot on. Really clean, minimalistic design, which is not the norm for a vietnamese restaurant. I love the big windows and the al fresco dining. Well designed, contemporary, definitely a good addition to our neighborhood, the food was good, my fiancé and I would definitely return, but also don't mind driving to the west bank. I'm very glad it's open, and I wish them total success. Totally worth going! :DThis is one of my absolute favorite lunch spots in my neighborhood!  The vibe of the place is very modern and clean, but well worn enough to be comfortable and inviting.  The waitstaff are always courteous and though they're usually slammed (and I'll admit, I have a few unusual requests when it comes to my meal), they are never brusque.  The food is awesome!  I always get rare steak pho, no meat extra noodles with no cilantro, and pork dumplings.  If I'm feeling especially hungry I'll get a pork banh mi as well. I don't know what they do to that banh mi to make it so freaking good, but I actually prefer it to the ones I've gotten from the east (blasphemy, I know!). Everything is delicious and consistent every time.  I also love that if I'm alone I can grab a seat at the counter along the window and people watch or read a book without having to take up an entire table.  The prices are also extremely reasonable, my husband and I can go and stuff ourselves with multiple dishes and still get out of there under $30.  We always try to throw the server a few extra dollars because of that.  They're hustling hard, and 20% of $30 or less isn't much!
I think it's important to know what you're getting into when you go to Magasin though.  I've had a few friends complain that the food doesn't come out at the same time, the wait is long etc.  That's just the way it is!  If you go to a noodle place in vietnam (or japan, or china or where ever) things are fast paced.  You get your food as it's ready, they don't course it out for you.  People tend to eat quickly and leave, not linger over their food, so chances are if you're waiting you'll get a table quickly.  That's how this place works as well.  I recommend going with a friend and splitting a few dishes, that way you won't sit there all butt hurt if "their" appetizer comes out first.  And if you have to wait so what?  You'll get a table soon enough!A brand new addition to Magazine Street, Magasin Vietnamese Cafe is a sleek modern take on a Pho shop, with ultramodern interiors, ultra-low prices, friendly service and really dynamite food. The cafe has recently gone "full service," as opposed to the order-at-the-counter place that it was when it first opened. Sometimes the service can be a little spotty, and the wait times a little lengthy, but they are still figuring things out. The Pho is heavenly: rich, flavorful, salty/sour/umami broth with rice noodles and whatever else. I recommend the rare flank steak ($7.50), with thin slices of tender beef. The Pho comes to your table in the traditional way: a big bowl with a tray of garnishes: bean sprouts, fresh jalapeno slices, fresh basil, fresh cilantro and a lime wedge. I like to load mine up with all the garnishes (and some sriracha), pick out all the goodies with chopsticks, and then eat the broth with a soup spoon. A very satisfying meal all by itself.
I've also tried the fresh spring rolls with grilled shrimp cake ($4.50), which is a slight twist on a Vietnamese classic: cold rice noodles, carrots, cilantro, basil and warm, crispy shrimp cake rolled inside a rice paper wrapper, with a hoisin-peanut dipping sauce on the side. Absolutely delicious.
On more than one occasion, I've gotten a bahn mi (i.e. Vietnamese po-boy) to go, and oh man was I happy. I'm calling it right now: Magasin has THE BEST BAHN MI IN NEW ORLEANS. No one else really comes close, actually. Let me know if you think you've found a better one. The BBQ pork is my favorite: tender slices of pork barbecued with some kind of hoisin-inspired sauce, matchstick carrots, green peppers, cilantro and some kind of butter or mayo, all on a warm, crispy torpedo of crusty french bread. It is perfection in a sandwich.
Magasin is my new favorite neighborhood restaurant: nice atmosphere, really low prices, and really great versions of Vietnamese classics!Very nice atmosphere, super-friendly staff, and great food... what more could you ask for? The sandwiches are the best, and less than $5 each. They're made on REAL French baguettes, not the lighter than air styrofoam Bunny bread crap that everyone else in town seems to favor. It's kid-friendly, and there are tables on the sidewalk in front of the store. A very welcome addition to the neighborhood! We'll be back often.I was looking forward to trying their oxtail soup, which they unfortunately we're out of that day. ouch! BURN!!!! I mean hey though, if a place is out of something, must mean it's good right?
But I ordered a meatball pho instead and was still thoroughly pleased with the noodles and broth. 
Not to mention we also ordered the crab Rangoon which was equally delicious.Love this little place. Clean restaurant, tasty food. The staff leaves a little to be desired but on the other hand they don't constantly bug you and bring out things quickly. This is a great great lunch location.The ONLY reason it doesn't get 5 stars from me is because of the hours of operation. I really wished they opened earlier for dinner. Those of us with kids can't really wait until 6 to go to dinner. 
But other than that, Magasin is consistently fresh and yummy! My favorites include the lemongrass beef with rice and the vietnamese crepe.Delicious, BIG lemongrass chicken sandwich for under $5. That's pretty excellent. My one complaint: I chose the place because the Yelp page says they have wifi and they do not.Went there for lunch today and ordered the rice plate with grilled shrimp. Took it to go. The food was good, not great, but O.M.G., the portions are TINY. Did I just pay almost ten dollars for FOUR shrimp and a fried egg? Yes, I believe I did. The rest was a tiny side salad and a small portion of rice. Cleaned my plate, and I was still hungry. I would give it another try for the pho, but in the other reviews people were saying the vegetarian pho isn't actually vegetarian. That ain't cool! Skip this place--it's a rip off. Try Le VIet on St. Charles instead.I went to Magasin with my family over the break. There were four of us in my group and I would estimate we waited about 15 minutes for a table. We could have been seated sooner if we'd wanted to sit at the bar stools. I thought the seafood pancake was by far the best dish I tasted. It had a great, fluffy texture with very tasty filling. The shrimp fried rice was tasty, though the shrimp on top was quite over-cooked. The only thing I would not really order again is the lemongrass chicken, mostly because it didn't have any taste of lemongrass! All in all, the restaurant is clean, the staff is friendly, food is tasty, and the prices are moderate. I think all four of us ate lunch for about $45 (including tip).Soooo good. Great, fast service too. Pork noodle special is insane. Potstickers will change your life (don't skimp on the sauce that comes with them).I had an eggplant noodle dish and it was extremely lacking in flavor. The spring rolls and peanut sauce were delicious but my main course meal was a bland disappointment! I thought the ambiance was great so I would give this place another try but only in the hopes of redemption.I wanted to see what all the hype was about here.  I had the pho and it tastes like it came out of a powdery pack that makes pho.  Geez,  whoever says this place is good is mistaken.  The service was ok and the seats were so uncomfortable.  I give them a one store cause the way they present the food is pretty but thats it.  I wanted authentic pho but this wasnt it.My favorite Vietnamese spot in NOLA.  Modern ambience, and on nice days you can sit outside.  BYOB is awesome, meaning you can come here and enjoy a bottle of wine you brought from home.  Food is delicious!  Grilled pork spring rolls are classic, and the broth on the chicken pho is heavenly.   Very reasonable pricing as well.My husband and I were really excited to try a new pho place but it fell flat. Our waiter tried but the pho was unimpressive and the man working at the cash register was a serious "drama king".  I don't want hear the issues that employees are having with each other, save that for the back of the house.  Coupled with the tough chewy meat in the beef pho I won't be going back.So good! I love Vietnamese food and Magasin is by far my favorite spot. Spring rolls are so delicious! I typically get the pho (chicken) and it's super good. The rice dish (com) is also really good with their grilled pork. Not very expensive and a really casual place!Favorite Vietnamese place on the East Bank- my only complaint? They're not open on Sundays! Great atmosphere and it's always busy, but worth the wait. BYOA last time I checked. But if you're not drinking, get some lemonade- its delish!
They've really got the pho down here, you can't go wrong with rare steak and I even like the ox tail! I also love the steamed pork bun- that sweet green dough with just the right pork fillings and hard boiled egg. I can't decide if they make them on site or if they are from Duong Phong in New Orleans East- either way they are delicious. 
I also like most of the bun dishes here, but I find it too hard to skip out on the pho. In the rare case that i do, I usually go for the fresh shrimp spring rolls and any of the delicious (and cheap!) bahn mi.So good! That's a start and great prices. I had the filet mignon pho which was superb. Grilled pork spring rolls with yummy peanut sauce were also excellent. My friend had chicken fried rice and enjoyed it. Casual with nice staff. Recommended by my manicurist in Florida and I was in the area so I gave it a try. I'll be back next time I'm in NOLA.Background: I just moved to New Orleans from Houston a couple of weeks ago, and I have been on a PHO QUEST because I had such great go-to pho places in H-town and I've heard the Asian selection in general in NOLA is slim pickins.
The place is super stylish which made me a bit wary, since I usually like my pho from dives at the back of shady strip centers. I came for lunch on a Wednesday.  I walked up to the counter to order since it looked like The Thing To Do, but the woman at the counter said if I was eating in I'd need to wait for someone to seat me.  So I stood around awkwardly for a few minutes, being ignored because they were busy and there's no host stand (hence the 4 stars, not 5).  Finally I was seated and from then on, my every need was met.
The pho is legit, y'all.  I ordered the Pho Ga (or "Pho Chicken" as it says on the menu) and asked if they'd add some tofu to it, because if you haven't dunked broth-soaked tofu chunks into sriracha you haven't truly lived, friend.
The bowl comes out, and it's slightly smaller than the humongous bowls I'm used to, but it's in the ballpark.  All the standard fixins are there; bean sprouts, lime, jalapeno, cilantro, basil. Looking good. Hoisin & sriracha are already on the table with chopsticks, napkins, silverware, soup spoon, etc.  The broth is pretty darn good, not super greasy like other places I've tried here, and not too salty.  The chicken & tofu were pretty and high quality. The wait staff were around frequently to make sure my water glass was full, asking if I needed anything, etc.
This place will give me my pho fix without having to go to the West Bank. Very yummy with friendly wait staff.  Solid place, will definitely be back.My favorite Vietnamese rest. in Nola. Authentic food and family run. Atmosphere is nice with a touch of modern decor. Clean and fresh. 
I had the Banh Xeo aka Vietnamese crepe or "Vietnamese pizza"  flour batter pan fried to a crisp and stuffed with fresh bean sprouts, grilled pork, caramelized onions, fried shrimp, and fresh lettuce.
How you eat it: traditionally you cut a piece of the Banh Xeo and place in a lettuce, wrap it, dip it with sauce and enjoy. 
My wife had, summer rolls, pork Sandwich with fried egg. "Banh mi" super good.
Order the Vietnamese ice coffee to wash it down.
This is our second time: the food was still the same and the staff were friendly and accommodating.The vermicelli with chicken arrived with dry slices of chicken. When the server inquired whether my lunch was good, I told her about the disappointing chicken, and she said she would get the kitchen to cook new chicken. It arrived a few minutes later, dry as the first. The salad greens and herbs and the noodles were fine. Apparently I'm spoiled from eating more authentic versions of Vietnamese food on the West Bank where the bun comes with delicious moist lemongrass chicken.  I believe I read that this restaurant closed for remodeling and has recently reopened -- does it now have different owners? I have had good food at Magasin in the Warehouse District, and hope that one has not changed as well.Not authentic at all. I ordered my usual drink which was cafe sua da and their Vietnamese crepe. Coming from Vietnam myself, I am not very impressed with the Vietnamese food they sell here. It wasn't the original Vietnamese style. My cafe sua da was already made by the waitress, and it was super sweet! Literally super sweet! I felt as if I can get instant diabetes when taking my first sip! I always like my coffee the original Vietnamese style, which was a french drip self-serve style. In that way, I can avoid making my coffee super duper sweet by just simple make it my own style. Sorry, people just like their coffee different ways I guess. The Vietnamese crepe I ordered was..... self-created Vietnamese crepe. They add grilled pork inside and a whole bunch of other stuff. It looks amazing though, but the flavor was way off. The original Vietnamese crepe only has bean sprouts, scallions, and shrimp inside, and it tasted a million times better. There's a saying, "Less is more." So adding grilled pork and other stuff to make it looks fancy is not helping the flavor at all. On the bright side, their pho is actually pretty tasty! But a large bowl of pho comes with only a few tiny pieces of meat is a red flag in my opinion. $7-$8 for a bowl of pho is super cheap, but it is not cheap at all when it only comes with a few TINY pieces of meat and mostly the BROTH. Overall, I wouldn't recommend this place anyone. Just to avoid and saving people from experiencing the same mistake I did, and that was wasting my time and money here.This Vietnamese cafe is a breath of fresh air from all of the fried oyster poboys, shrimp jambalaya and bourbon pecan pie floating around New Orleans! We ordered the fresh summer rolls and spring rolls to split as appetizers--the fresh rolls were so good we ordered a second round on the spot! I got the garlic fried tofu with brown rice vermicelli, my dad got the Vietnamese crepe and my mom ordered beef pho. Absolutely delicious! There was a delay on the crepe (some mix up with batter or something?) and the chef came out to personally apologize, and the waiters and waitresses kept telling us don't worry it's coming! Can't get mad about a delayed entree when the staff is so friendly! Four stars only because there is limited seating in the restaurant. Bar seating is first come so we sat there which wasn't a huge problem but we would've preferred a table. Will definitely be back again soon!!How was the Pho? Meh, it was ok. 
The lemonade is awesome though. It's quite a nice place in a very nice location. Staff is friendly, but you better not try to sit around and talk after you're done eating! My food was ok. I really didn't find anything too, extravagant or outstanding about it. Overall I've had better Vietnamese food, so I probably will return if I don't want to drive somewhere else.Went there for the first time tonight for dinner. I had the shrimp balls and the seafood soup. The shrimp balls were tasty but incredibly greasy. The soup was good albeit light and not very much seafood in it. The service was great and I liked the layout and look. They can't hold a candle to Vietnamese restaurants on the west bank or the east but for uptown it's not bad. I'll try it again.Obsessed. Great selection (including a wide variety of spring rolls and healthier dishes). The staff is always patient with our toddler and even brought her a special bowl of noodles and chicken on the house during a recent visit.Love this place! Bahn-mi is awesome, and the Pho is consistently delicious. Highly recommended.Nice modern looking place.  It's like everything you want in Vietnamese food in one place.  I've seen people post things here and it looks very appetizing.
Our waiter was very attentive and patient with taking our order so the customer service was great.  I only got to try one order with meat because the person I was with couldn't have meat on Friday.  
For starters:
--Crab Ragoon - (4/5) Very crispy and it was good, just like any other crab ragoons out there.  One of our crab ragoons had a hole in it so there was nothing in there but the rest was good.  It may be airy inside with the first bite but if you break it in half to eat it then it'll all even out. 
--Fried Garlic Tofu Spring Rolls - (2/5) There was one tofu on each side of the spring roll, after one bite the rest was just noodle and lettuce.  I didn't taste the garlic or the fried-ness to it.  I wish I got the meat spring roll because that sauce that came with it was bomb.
--Pho Oxtail - (4/5) The oxtail was very tender and delicious, I loved it!  The pho broth probably needs a bit of a tweak to it, not sure what it was but it still had flavor.
--Seafood Noodle Soup - (1/5) It was very bland and the seafood wasn't fresh and most of the seafood was imitated.  I could pass on this.
Other than the difference I had of the food everything else went well.  I will be back again to try out other meaty foods and have an update next time!I have to start by saying that on previous visits I have not been disappointed by Magasin. However, this evening proved to be not only unsanitary, but unsatisfactory and full of error. I placed a pickup order of chicken pho and once I got home, found my lackluster bowl of hardened, sticky noodles and three pieces of chicken. No onions, cilantro, sauce or onions. No biggie, I thought and went back to pick up what was missing. I arrived home once again, to my now cold pho liquid and started to place the noodles in my bowl. A black hair stared me in the face. I picked up out and unwrapped my once forgotten bag of additions. I served myself the clean noodles, annoyed but starving and went to add the bag's contents only to find my sprouts wound around a rather long hair: so far not one but two in two separate items picked up at two separate times. I called the restaurant to let them know and am certain that they screened my call.  I am not only upset, but hungry and disgusted. I would love a full refund but as I said, no one would even answer the phone. I am in the service industry and have been for years and never have experienced this. I will never eat here again.This is not a negative review by any means.  I will be back and I will edit this review when everything fits together.  
In the meantime, there are some opening struggles.
Pros:
Prices are great
Lemongrass chicken is very good
Bahn mi worked great!
Location/Design are excellent
To be determined:
Service needs help, just kind of strange...Trying so hard, but making it kind of uncomfortable.  Once they calm down, I am positive this will not be an ongoing problem
Cons:
As mentioned before, pork bun was truly awful.  I am not comparing this pork bun to some far off Little Saigon or Chinatown...but, dang, it was pretty rough.  Did have a hard boiled egg in it which was cool...
Just being tough on my new neighborhood spot because the potential is so great!This is one of our favorite Vietnamese spots in the city. The food is always fresh, and the prices are really good. Most items are well under $10. 
Parking can be a little tricky, as with most places on Magazine without a parking lot.I never had Vietnamese food before but now I am hooked. We sat outside and our waiter was Kevin and he was excellent. We had the Crab Rangoon, Veggie Spring Rolls and the Chopped Filet Mignon...all were very tasty and simply amazing. The interior dining room is cozy yet modern with a full view of the busy but quietly efficient kitchen. There's also outside dining on the sidewalk and on a patio in the back. You can bring your own wine which is a huge plus. I say get there now before the  lines get too long.I don't really understand why everyone loves this place. I'm guessing cause it's full of yuppies and "cool" crate and barrel decor making it seem like a trendy and safe bet for uptowners. I'm not sure how to put this nicely but the food was blah. I got the rare beef pho which had four slices of thick rubbery beef. I'm used to a very thinly sliced mountain of beef that cooks as you eat it. I also asked for veggies which were definitely a frozen mix they microwaved. Also got the pork bun which was green and also microwaved to such a high temp that it scalded my mouth and hardened. Weird. Overall wasn't impressed. Pho is supposed to be rich with flavor that deepens, instead it tasted like too much salt and beef stock. I'm going it two stars because the staff is ridiculously nice!Can't believe I haven't written a review for this place yet. This is the only Vietnamese place I go to on this side of the Mississippi.
I have only had the Bun with Grilled Pork because it's so good and I keep ordering it every time I go back. My friends who have accompanied me have ordered other things and I've had bites of their dishes and everything I've tried was delicious.
Maybe one day I'll go back and try something new. :PFood was great as was the service. Had the steamed bun and spring rolls for appetizer and brisket and chicken Pho. Everything was very fresh and tasty. Will most certainly be back!Inexpensive and delicious! For a recent grad on a budget, looking for some healthy food in this great city (which can be difficult to find), this place will probably become my go-to spot. Heard about it for a while but took 2 months to finally go-should have come earlier! Fresh food, great prices, and different options. Can BYOB as well!One of my go-to places for food in NOLA! Let me start with the fact I'm usually a (not on purpose) picky eater. I'd never eaten Vietnamese food before my sweet boyfriend took me to try Magasin. I LOVE you it, and the staff too. They are amazingly nice and helpful every time I visit. They occasionally are a little slow when you done in between trips to check on your table, but, this is a small price to pay for the delicious food and friendly service! Our waitress Ashley helps us whenever we dine in and she is working. She has tried to learn our names, and always remembers our favorite orders. They are quick and efficient when I order take out too-they have only messed my order up one time, giving me eggplant versus egg roll vermicelli. I forgive them because it sounded loud in the restaurant, I have a quiet voice, and it was still delicious . THIS spot is a great place for those wishing to eat a healthy, satisfying meal. I have noticed my Pure Barre NOLA owner frequenting the joint, and was able to eat here during Beachbody's 21 Day Fix with only moderate portion size alteration. The rice is always perfect, they have a Fit NOLA section healthy substitutes for under certain calorie marks. I always get the avocado spring rolls with peanut sauce (mouthwatering) and brown rice noodles/paper, and egg roll vermicelli with brown rice noodles. I don't even like coffee and love their cafe su da-it is basically half condensed milk, half strong coffee, iced. Don't get that if you're limiting your sugar, haha. Only critique is I WISH there were more parking. But, this may be a problem that just has to be lived with near Magazine Street. We sometimes get the pho, and it is amazing too. Especially on cold or rainy days...ahh. I have also gotten their hit green tea and it is never over brewed. Their crab Rangoon (which I almost always mistakenly say as crab raccoon) is wonderful! I love my Magasin crew! They are always do kind. Will forever return! :)I am delighted to find that Magasin is a truly delicious Vietnamese restaurant that is neither on the West Bank nor unjustly expensive. The hubs and I went for dinner at about 6:30 in the evening when they were very busy; however, whatever kinks in the service I read about on yelp must have been worked out because everything went off without a hitch.
Two important points that everyone should know before dining at Magasin:
1. It's BYOB. They welcome you to bring your own adult beverage but do not sell alcohol on the premises. There is another establishment that sells booze across the street but they close early so this would only be helpful for a 'wet' lunch. Unsure if there's a corkage fee.
2. If you decide to have one of their delicious non-alcoholic flavored teas, you will be charged for a refill. Should have known or known to ask but now I do and I'll be ordering 1 cucumber honeydew ice tea and lots of water after. Lesson learned!
We started off with the egg rolls with lettuce wraps and grilled shrimp spring rolls.
Both were great with a couple of minor critiques. The shrimp in the Goi Con were amazing so much so that I wish there had been just a few more. The peanut sauce wasn't the best I've ever had but it was certainly tasty (even more so with a bit of sriracha). Egg rolls also were divine but skinny. Give me a little more filling! I like an eggroll to be like a fine cigar :)
Entree side hubs ordered the Grilled Shrimp Bun and the Grilled Pork Banh Mi. The banh mi was something I could eat almost every day: great portion, great bread, and great spice. The Bun was perhaps one of the best vermicelli salad bowls I've ever had. We saved an eggroll from the appetizer and threw it in with the grilled shrimp... perfection! Lastly, I had the rare steak pho. Great portion size, good pho. All of this ran us $40 before tip.
Place is tres cute. Service was great. Food is very very good.Magasin is the best Vietnamese restaurant in the city.  I recommend it to my friends alot.  My boyfriend and I have been there at least a dozen times and have tried most everything on the menu.  All delicious.  Fast, nice service - outdoor seating, good ambiance.  
Call and check hours for sure - they close and re-open most days.  They have take out too which is nice because they are always busy seating is limited.  Worth goin to over and over - and there are so many restaurants in this city.Best Vietnamese in New Orleans. Authentic, clean, and friendly service. Interior is very modern and again clean. 
Had the pho combination (flank, brisket, and meatballs), grilled pork sandwich (w fried egg), and Chinese sausage + egg spring rolls. Everything was good and comparable to other Vietnamese restaurants in Houston that I'm used to. 
Will definitely be back next time I'm in town.Food continues to be outstanding but service has gone down our last two visits.  Tonight, it seemed as though we were a bother for walking in. I hope this is short lived. :/Fresh ingredients, well prepared and healthy menu choices.  Bright and airy atmosphere in a cafe setting, with a dining bar.  Attentive and knowledgeable staff.  Excellent choice for a light lunch in the uptown New Orleans area.The friendliest staff/servers. Food is always consistently good. Huge portions and reasonably priced. They also offer brown rice and noodle options. The atmosphere is super cute too. The only downfall is that they are closed in the middle of the day from 3:30-6pm.Very good vegan pho and the spring rolls were okay. Happy it is Uptown but I prefer Tan Dinh on the WB. Also, it is really bright in there. I would live the lights to be dimmer. All and all a solid 3Amazingly delicious and fast service. Tried the pork vermicelli and filet mignon special plate - both wonderful. Clean contemporary decor. Will come back again.Sorry, but I have to take back some stars.  The place still looks nice and appears to be popular, but unfortunately, the food was sooo bland.  I suspect this was the trade off for popularity, but how sad to sacrifice all the wonderful bold flavors that Vietnamese food has to offer.  Luckily, there are plenty of other options.I had the oxtail pho and spring rolls. The broth was ok (not much flavor). I expected much more from this place considering the reviews and stars but to be honest Jazmine Cafe has a much better pho.Tasty inexpensive Amercanized Vietnamese.
I do like the outdoor seating and that the BBQ pit out back is always going.  I do like the variety of dishes and there is something for everyone, vegetarian to meatarian.  Even my picky eater 8 year old niece liked the shrimp fried rice...which was fried rice with a handful of lovely grilled shrimp on top.
This place has been slammed since it opened and I get it. It is tasty and cheap.One of my favorite places to eat!  I eat at Magasin at least once a week and I've never been disappointed.  They know be by name I eat there so much.  I went to Lilly's last week after reading positive reviews and was very disappointed.  I will stick with Magasin - they are the BEST!ABSOLUTELY AMAZING, DELICIOUS, AND THE HAPPY WAIT STAFF SINGS! 
I was turned on to pho several years ago by a friend who describes it as "the worlds most perfect food", and today when I needed comfort food, I stopped into Magasin for some delicious pho at the suggestion of my nail tech, who is Vietnamese (thus, high praise!). The Pho Filet Mignon is very reasonable, $9.50, and comes with cilantro, basil, mint, lime, and bean sprouts on the side. I wanted more basil and they were only too happy to quickly bring it to me. "On tap" were several types of iced tea, and I chose the cucumber lemongrass. DIVINE! 
Everyone was very nice and friendly, to me and to each other, happily singing along with the radio a few times -- nicely, not obnoxious. 
I left full, happy, and singing, too. Highly recommend this to anyone who loves pho, or who wants to try it for the first time.This place gets five stars for being delicious, convenient and affordable.  I had lunch here with a friend and was shocked that the bill (for both of us) was under $12.  I didn't think that was possible in this town.  This is the perfect option when I can't get over to Pho Tau Bay on the West Bank.trendy (obviously), but our experience was very reminiscent of *bad* airport phoThis is a great place!  Oxtail pho is incredible (favorite new broth in town!).  Savory crepes are unlike anything you've ever had before. And OMG the almond shrimp!  There are so many items I want to try.   We will be back for sure with our kids, since there's nothing too spicy that we've found.  
The oxtail pho tastes major rich, and I didn't even eat the meat (because I find the texture of all meat maj vile).  The crepe defies description - you just have to try it.  Unlike a traditional crepe, it's crispy.  So it's pretty greasy, but the sauce and the fresh cilantro cuts the grease nicely.  
Service is fast and friendly.  We have tried almost every Vietnamese joint in New Orleans.  Magasin is not too traditional, but also not trendy.I must preface this review by saying I live around the corner, so that automatically sweetens the deal. BYOB, kind of tight dining room, but they have recently added patio space, and bought new tables and chairs (w umbrellas) for the sidewalk in front( a month ago we were put on the sidewalk at a wobbly cheap table, but they have stepped up the game). The food: pho, vermicelli, and other Vietnamese staples are solid and filling, at a good price. I would recommend trying something from their specialty menu, at the advice of a friend I got the shrimp fried rice, and was blown away by how well done this simple dish was. As many have said, it is not quite as good as the Westbank viet options, but it is MUCH closer to my house. DIG!First off, right now it's BYOB which I love. It's not pricey at all and the pho is right on, so is the bun. They are both the jam, so get you some. Seriously, the best vietnamese on the east bank that I've had (born and raised new orleans foodie).This is a regular haunt of ours and we always leave happy. Can't pretend to have tried a huge amount from the menu because I tend to stick to what has worked in the past. Usually, we'll go for the grilled pork mixed rice and the garlic fried tofu mixed rice as entrée's. The mixed rice dishes come with pickled carrot, a generous portion of white rice and dipping sauce on the side of your protein. The pork option is delicious, really flavorful and meaty while the tofu is dense, beautifully flavored and holds its texture nicely. Pour over the sauce and mix it all together. Delicious!
We also get the pork bun (think of a Chinese style baozi) and the potstickers. The bao is a standout for me, I'm often tempted to walk over at lunch to just order a couple of them. Potstickers are fine, but nothing special. For drinks, I really like the Vietnamese iced coffee, not too sweet but damn tasty! Alas, they don't serve alcohol though. The girl who is ALWAYS at the register is super nice to deal with too, really nice and friendly even when it's busy.
We have yet to try the pho or banh mhi here although looking around, we're the outliers for not doing so. Maybe next time.Fresh, Yummy, Perfect, Decently priced, Healthy!  One of our favorite places!Excellent food, excellent service and resonably priced.  I consistantly get the grilled pork and brown rice (com). It comes with an egg on top and a small salad!  Also, BYOB is great.  The menu says there is a corkage fee but I have never been charged for it.I went there for the first time last saturday and WOW! Both me and my two friends were extremely happy with our entrees: grilled pork come for me, shrimp bun and grilled pork for my friends. The sua da coffee was excellent as well. My friends also had a couple appetizers, I only tried some of the dumplings and they were good. The goi cuon looked fresh, but as it happens at many vietnamese places, the ration noodles-meat (or fish) was a little out of balance :(
I strongly recommend this place: delicious food, clean space and affordable prices!Got take out from here last night.  I had the chicken pho and my wife had the brisket.  The chicken broth was near water - like almost clear - and had almost no taste - akin to eating hot water soup.  The beef broth was better, but also lacking in flavor.  Neither of us received much meat - as in maybe 1/3 of the amount given at Mint (literally).  Bottom line: I did not get the normal satisfaction I get when eating pho.  I was talked out of calling and asking for my money back.  1 star.
My scale on pho is usually from mediocre to great, so you know something is bad when I have bad pho.  This was just plain bad.  I really hope they were having an off night; regardless, I will not be returning, just not worth the risk of a repeat when there are so many better options.
I've been here one other time in the past.  It was okay - not great.  For that reason, I am giving them 2 stars overall.This place is phenomenal! The pho rare steak and the spring rolls are my favorites, though the lemongrass chicken dish is amazing as well. This was my first introduction to Vietnamese food and I soon began going every week! Plus, the prices are as low as can be and the service is excellent. Patio seating outside for nice weather. Five well-earned stars.Cute little Vietnamese cafe on Magazine Street with very modern decor. We came here for pho after a night of drinking on Bourbon. Ordered the grilled pork springrolls (goi cuon thit nuong), chinese sausage and eggs spring rolls (goi cuon lap xuong voi trung), banh mi, pho oxtail, pho dat biet, and several glasses of cafe sua da.
The service was amazing, the waitress even told us other places to go in New Orleans.I am so happy to have Vietnamese food in my Neighborhood!! The food is good, the prices are cheap and the decor is clean and simple. I have been to this place twice now and I must say, I have been impressed both times. The service could use a few tweaks, however, I feel as if that comes with time. The food is super fresh and tasty. The Lemongrass chicken is super yummy. 
Make sure you check out the cucumber lemongrass iced tea!!Magasin, what a fancy French name for a Vietnamese restaurant! Located in a busier segment of Magazine St., Magasin Vietnamese, as its name suggests, aspires to be a hip joint for a quick, inexpensive fix for a delicious bowl of pho, spring rolls, grilled meats, and etc. 
And it lives up to its name. The waitstaff are young and energetic as are the customers, he decor modern, simple and vibrant. The dishware and plating technique are quite fancy for Vietnamese food. I love their earthenware pho bowls. 
I have only ordered pho's here, and left full and quite satisfied each time. I'd never thought vegan pho would be so good, teeming with such a variety of vegetables and flavors! And only $7.50? It's a fraction of $ I've paid in Viet restaurants elsewhere. 
My Vietnamese friends have told me that Viet restaurants in Westbank boast greater portions and authenticity. Nevertheless they were quite pleased with their dishes. There is always a good number of Vietnamese customers here, a sure indication that its quality is above average.
I would not recommend the restaurant for a large group. The tables accommodate no more than 4 people though of course, the host will pull two tables together if necessary, but expect a long wait especially on a busy weekend. I came on a rainy Wednesday night recently, and the place was so packed that we waited 40 mins for 2 tables to open up!
A great place for a casual date, easy on the wallet.Ordered from Uber Eats and was the first time I've ever had Oxtail Pho. The meat falls off the bone and broth was not your traditional pho broth however still tasty. 
Have ordered from there a few more times since, but sometimes they are out of the Oxtail Pho early which is disappointing.My friends and I had a long evening of crafting planned to get our outfits ready for Red Dress Run, so we were looking to pick up some food close by.  
My friend suggested Magasin.  I had heard pretty good things and had been looking forward to trying it, so I was on board.
Even though I was just picking our food up to go, I really liked the atmosphere.  It was very different from your typical Vietnamese restaurant.  It was open and airy and bright, with lots of windows.
From the little bit that I looked at the menu, the prices seem to be very reasonable.
Now onto the food...
I got some shrimp spring rolls.  They were very, very good!  I liked that the peanut sauce had a kick to it.  I only had one, but I could've eaten 4.
For my entrée I had the char grilled pork bun.  This was just o.k. at best.  While the flavor was good, the meat was so overcooked, that my efforts in chewing it made me feel not guilty for missing my work out that day.  
I think I'm just really spoiled by how AHHHHMMMAAAZZZING the char grilled pork bun is at Tan Dinh on the Westbank.  
I doubt that I'd ever go back to Magasin unless I just had a hankering for spring rolls.  Next time if I'm Uptown, I'd likely have to give Lilly's a try.The Pho - Oxtail is to die for...think fall off the bone and extremely flavorful kind of delicious meat. As someone from Los Angeles and surrounded by amazing Pho places, this New Orleans gem definitely makes the cut for my Top 5 Pho places! If you're not a Pho person, I would also recommend the Rice Combo plates as well.I can't comment on the location itself since my only experience was take-out picked up by my girlfriend but wow was it delicious. I got the pork roll and pate banh mi. The only possible thing I could say bad about it is the bread was slightly more stale than I like. The pork presented amazing flavors and the pate texture was amazing with the crisp vegetables in the sandwich. I was initially a little put off by the small size of the sandwich but it was surprisingly filling.
Despite the fact that I live in Metairie, Megasin was good enough for me to think of reasons to visit.Finally a delicious place for good, cheap Vietnamese uptown! The food is fresh, ridiculously inexpensive, and the restaurant itself is clean and a cool atmosphere. Prepare for the wait if you plan on going during prime lunch hours! While their service is incredibly fast and I have never waited long for food to come out, there is almost always a line. Either way I highly recommend it, I have yet to be disappointed.My husband had been here on a business trip and was eager to bring his family. We both ordered the bunh. It was relatively flavorless; we soon realized it was missing the mint and the ground peanuts--both of which were on the menu description. We asked and the waiter said there was no mint that day, but he brought us stalks of basil. No peanuts. When my husband later told the waiter how unhappy he was, having brought his whole family and promised us that the food was excellent, the waiter seemed unconcerned. We won't be back, and cannot recommend you go, either. There are too many Vietnamese restaurant options in New Orleans to waste your dining experience on this one.I used to love this place, but lately it has gone down in service and food quality. My husband and I stopped in on a weeknight to grab a quick dinner, and it was terrible. The two other tables that arrived after us received both their appetizers and entrees before we got our app (a spring roll). The servers seemed very off and unorganized which I never experienced before at Magasin. I won't be returning anytime soonFirst time last night, and loved it. Great food, quick service, and reasonable prices for Vietnamese food. Finally I don't have to drive to Gretna if I'm in the mood for some good and reasonably priced grub.This is place is to go to go Vietnamese food! The interior is very nice, staff is nice and friendly. And the food, it just "hits the spot" !. Pork stir fried noodles is the bomb!The people that work here are so rude. They denied me when I asked to speak to a manager. They were obviously going out of their way to not be accommodating.  Absolutely no costumer service. I was beyond shocked that this kind of service is tolerated by the owners.We absolutely loved the ambiance, the service, and especially the food!!!  I've ordered grilled pork @ many restaurants, but this place HIT the MARK!  It was seasoned perfectly & the taste was impeccable!Magasin is a weekly go-to. After taking some time to renovate summer of 2017 that have reopened with a new menu with more upscale entrees but still have some of their classics as well. The interior renovation is hip but warm and inviting. They still have a BYOB policy. Their spring rolls are still on point. I tried the braised oxtail- a new entree, rich and full of flavor, absolutely delicious but best to split with a friend. Looking forward to trying more dishes off their new menu!Great food. Friendly wait staff. Plus its BYOB (bring a screw top to avoid a corkage fee ;-)) great cheap date night without tasting cheap!Love, love, LOVE Magasin!! This place is a staple in my weekly dinner routine. It's clean, the service is exceptionally quick and efficient, and the food is always Ah-mazing. I'm a huge fan of their Vermicelli, particularly- I think it's the BEST in the city as far as freshness goes (I usually alternate between lemongrass chicken and egg roll). My bf loves the Pho and the chicken curry with bread. Oh. And did I mention that the prices are unbelievable for the quality and freshness of your meal? Also, this location is BYOB. they've just opened another downtown location, and I couldn't find that it's been listed on Yelp, yet, but that location is also phenomenal-different menu, equally as fantastic.There are so many restaurants in Nola, but this is one of my favs - delicious, cheap and fast. Try the spring rolls with letuce - a-magasin!This was our first experience with authentic  Vietnamese food, and it's safe to say we'll be back. Really enjoyed the rare beef pho and the combination bahn mi. The bread was perfect. They also offer a great variety of freshly brewed iced teas, which were perfectly sweetened.Food is not really that great (couldn't tell if my beef was really beef or if it was pork:/). Restaurant is dirty (fabric seats had stains, we left with the feeling of disgust...skin crawling type feeling). You don't really get a server. Just in general don't go here it sucks, sorry.Perfection.
Quality, taste, authenticity, décor, service, location.
Try the cucumber iced tea.
Go NOW!Had the OX Tail Pho really good flavorLove this place! Have tried nearly everything on the menu and haven't had a bad item. I know a lot of people go here for the pho but my go to is the pork roll and pâté ban mhi sandwich and the cafe sua da (iced coffee with condensed milk). The service is always good and the prices are incredibly reasonable. (Side note: I spent some time in north Vietnam last year and their BBQ pork reminds me of what I got over there!)as far as Vietnamese in the CBD, Downtown, Carrollton, and Garden District areas goes this is by far the best Vietnamese you will find. A lot of the restaurants here are "inspired" rather than authentic, however this restaurant is very different from those. It is authentic Vietnamese and although the prices are more than most places you have to take in to account the area that you're in. The restaurant is also very modern and I love the wooden bench seats. They also have an outdoor dining area which allows you to people watch on magazine street while enjoying the fare. I would definitely eat here when I didn't feel like driving to Metairie or to the east for Vietnamese.Oh hell naw - the menu online is totally different than the "new" menu that's really what they have. And they tried to play it off too and said maybe the owner could delete it. Nope. No way. False advertising and the place was completely vacant....wonder why!??I haven't tried too many items, but I can attest to the quality of the eggplant bahn mi, vegan pho, and veggie avocado spring rolls. I get the same thing every time, and it's always consistent. I've tried just about every Vietnamese restaurant in New Orleans, and I'd say this is my favorite.On the recommendation of my fellow Yelpers, I decided to try Magasin last Thursday night.  We arrived around 7pm to a packed house and were informed of the 45 minute wait time, so we put in an order to go instead: barbecue pork bun, garlic tofu vermicelli and two pork sticky buns.  By the time we got the food home, I would have eaten my shoe leather, so it is difficult to criticize food of which I devoured every morsel.  The price/portion ratio was definitely skewed in favor of price, which is understandable for a place that has to pay prime Magazine St. rent.  The sticky buns were well-cooked and contained some pretty flavorful porcine delights.  My asian wife remarked, "This is vietnamese food for white people."  Fair enough, but this white guy plans to return at some point for the pork roll & pate bahn mi and to give the pho a try.  I'm sure an additional star will be forthcoming.Cute little corner cafe. A bit crowded, but clean with central kitchen/assembly area. Very popular the Wed night I went. Tables are small, especially with condiments/utensils taking up space.
Food is fresh. I had the cucumber lemongrass iced tea, which was refreshing, but not as unique as I'd anticipated. Our table shared a number of spring rolls and banh mi. I think the banh mi (lemongrass chicken and grilled pork) were the winners. Meats were well seasoned and tender, and bread had crisp crust and tender interior. One person in our group had the Vietnamese omelet, which seem underwhelming. Our table also ordered several orders of pho. I had the combination, which included chicken, brisket, and meatballs. I agree with another reviewer who thought the rice noodles were a bit soft and gummy (overcooked/precooked) and the broth a little bland compared to pho I've had in California, Houston, or the West Bank.
Nice to have the option of Vietnamese food Uptown, and it is certainly clean and trendy, but I'd stick with the banh mi here. I would go to Pho Orchid or West Bank for pho.If you're stuck in the area it's not to bad but pho bang on the westbank is a bit more consistent. Banh mi were really good though so try one of those instead. They are up there with what you can get in the east. Service was above par for a typical viet noodle spot, most likely due to the white clientele base they were targeting, so don't expect the typical "stop at your table once for your whole order and never see you again" set up. Flavored ice tea was a nice touch as well. Prices were good for the area.Very casual, bustling environment, creative dishes of fine quality.
Don't care for shoulder to shoulder seating at bars along the exterior walls, but appreciate the need to do it! I was there for a late lunch on a Tuesday and the place was still packed.
Started with the spring roll with egg and Chinese sausage. Pretty and stuffed with fresh ingredients, including the most brilliantly yellow eggs I've ever seen. Two rolls come with the appetizer order, and frankly, that would have been enough for lunch. 
But did I stop there? Noooo. I also ordered the dgg plant bun (rice vermicelli). The composition was delightful, fresh, crisp, with mint and other flavors. I added a dash of sriracha which made it the perfect heat for me.This hot spot opened a few years ago on Magazine Street near Napoleon Aveneue and has been a wild success. They were real pioneers of bringing pho and other Vietnamese delicacies to uptown and out of New Orleans East and the West Bank. It's a super modern styled spot with a BYOB policy that is always crowded for both lunch and dinner. Plenty of seats at the counter for singles and they always seem to do a very good job on all the food. Owners and family are in the kitchen at all times and make sure the food is up to snuff!good place for the most popular vietnamese food offerings - spring rolls, pho, banh mi, bun, in a clean modern setting with good service and a great location on magazine street.  also, i greatly appreciate the REASONABLE prices - finally, a place that isn't buying into the overpricing of food that has swept nola.
so far, i have tried the grilled pork banh mi, pho brisket, and almost every kind of spring roll.  it was all decent / good.  i will be back for more and to try other things.
a few, mostly minor, negatives:  the lemongrass iced tea was too watered down.  when with a large group (as i was), there needs to be more utensil / condiment trays for the table.  the bench seating by the windows is uncomfortable as it digs into your legs, and awkward as one is sitting higher than the person across from them.Can you say...O.M.G.? I died and went to heaven today. I have been reading great reviews of this place for a while now, and the other day I passed it and saw it from the outside and it was soooo pretty. I had to go and try. 
So, today we decided to take a break from our studying duties and we headed over for lunch. Yummy-yummy-yummy-yummy. 
We started off with the sausage and egg spring roll. Everything felt so fresh and I was so happily eating that. I think I could have had that as my meal because it truly tasted wonderful. 
Then, I had the beef brisket noodle soup and I cannot quit talking about it. Again, the ingredients felt fresh, the broth was full of flavor. After I though I was done eating, IT'S SUCH A HUGE BOWL OF SOUP, I told my boyfriend to finish it. He's like a human trash can. He started eating and decided that it needed a little bit of spice. Unbeknownst to me, there was hot sauce right in front of me that I had completely missed. A few dots of the sauce and my bf was such a happy camper. I must say it gave the dish a completely different taste, SO GOOD. 
I'm already planning the next time, I'll be back. Oh yeah...and it's so cheap. Two entrees and an appetizer, all for $17. BOOM.
PS- I'm editing this just to say that I went yesterday at 12:30. It was packed, but the servers were nice and we were seated almost immediately. I'm thinking they're getting the hang of it, in terms of how to make things move more quickly.Nice space for a casual restaurant with cheap eats. Service is friendly and efficient. They do not serve alcohol but charge $5 corkage fee if you bring your own wine. Parking is very difficult because it is in a hopping area on Magazine. Lot's of 20-30 year olds having dinner with groups of friends when we were there on a Thursday evening.
I've had better Vietnamese, but this is a nice place nonetheless..YUM!  I really enjoyed eating here a few friends of mine joined me for lunch and we enjoyed banh mi and spring rolls.  The prices are reasonable and the food is really good.  Service was fast, and restaurant was clean... all the makings of a 4 star review.  
Its a super sleek and trendy inside this little cafe spot but an excellent food experience awaits.  Everything we tried was excellent and we will definitely be back!FINALLY!  A solid pho place near my school in the uptown area!  I cam here on a Saturday night and boy was it packed.  Luckily we didn't have to wait long to be sat.  I was instantly attracted by the modern decor of Magasin: so sleek and trendy.  I was in love with the hanging light bulbs on the ceiling.  Vietnamese restaurants usually aren't very modern with their decor, so it was refreshing to enjoy pho in a new atmosphere.
Now on to the food.  We wanted to get a few different things just so I could give Magasin a fair review.  The pho by far was the best thing on the menu, so if you want to get the best experience, you can't go wrong with the pho.  I got the Pho Filet Mignon, and it was delish!  The broth was tasty, and the filet mignon was cooked to perfection (so tender and juicy).  It's also the only place I know that offers filet mignon in pho, so I had to get it!  We also tried the BBQ Pork Spring rolls.  My only complaint is that I wish there was more meat, but the sauce itself was very good.  My boyfriend got the Bun Thit Nuong and added egg rolls.  He liked it, but it wasn't the best he ever had or anything.  I tried the meat and it was pretty good, but I did agree with him.  I then tried the Peach Mango Black tea.  It's organic (as well as everything else in the restaurant) and was refreshing.  If you're expecting something really sweet, the tea is not for you.  Overall, the food was pretty good.  Definitely stick to the pho if it's your first time.
The service was great!  It was fast and the servers were very sweet.  They were all very accommodating, and I liked how the GM walked around to make sure we were all doing okay.  They also gave us complimentary cupcakes!  Too bad I gave up desserts for lent...it was a sad sad day :(  But I did appreciate the kind gesture :D
So is the best pho I've ever had?  No, Pho Bang still has my heart in that area, but that's just because I'm a bigger fan of more authentic Vietnamese flavors.  Magasin is a bit more fused with American flavors since it is geared to that crowd based on its location.  Nonetheless, the pho is actually really good.  I'm just excited to have a good pho place minutes from my school!  Can't wait to come here on a cold day :)Good food, great service. My table all had different versions of vermicelli dishes and left feeling full and satisfied. I had the pork vermicelli and it was quite tasty. Our waitress was awesome as well!Magasin is a great cheap, quick dinner place. The food usually doesn't take too long to come out, and it is really quite tasty. I've been here a bunch since they've opened, and I've never been disappointed. 
I have to recommend the Oxtail Pho. It's delicious, and a dish that I'm not used to seeing on menus around the city (given, I'm far from an expert in Vietnamese food). Beyond that, the pork rice is awesome, and for an appetizer I'd suggest the crab rangoon, cuz it's also delicious. 
The only reason this place doesn't get a five star is that most of the seating is a little uncomfortable, and the service can be pretty slow, especially when they get busy (which they usually are). 
Come early, come often, and enjoy!delicious vegan pho, but I'm not sure if you can really mess up on pho unless your veggie broth is completely tasteless. I haven't seen other pho places in New Orleans with a veggie version, so props to Magasin...but I am from the Bay area, where there is plenty of vegan pho for cheap ($5-$6), so I'm not too impressed with Magasin for the price they are charging. The veggie spring roll with avocado was refreshing. One thing I didn't understand about Magasin was why they couldn't make their tofu without butter....I am vegan, and I don't really understand how butter enhances a tofu dish all that much. I don't eat dairy, but I can understand how dairy dishes can't be made without milk or butter or even eggs, but I don't understand their reasoning for the tofu. Just seems simpler if they just fried the tofu in oil. Anyways. I would give them four stars, but my bf's ox tail pho didn't really have ox tail. It had remnants of half an oxtail and it was basically just cartilage. Why call it oxtail pho? And oxtail isn't even expensive.Magasin has succeeded in getting me totally addicted to Vietnamese food. Every time I go out of town, i find myself craving a big old bowl of pho, and as soon as i return, Magasin is usually my very first dinner. 
I've been a little less-than-impressed with their Filet Pho, but other than that, everything on the menu is great. Portions are huge, service is fast and prices are low low loooooow. And yes, as many yelpers have stated, the decor is modern, clean and appealing. 
The vegan pho is fantastic, loaded with veges. The crepe and curry entrees are a delicious departure from your standard vietnamese menu options -- both are amazing. The spring rolls are fresh and the peanut sauce tasty. 
I tend to order my food to go, because there is always a wait for tables at dinnertime. My only complaint is that it seems that 50% of the time i attempt to call to place my order, its impossible to get through. The phone often goes to a weird message that says something about the line not being in service, though clearly it is. Sometimes i give up and end up eating a depressing bowl of cereal instead :( 
All in all, Magasin is a delicious option for Vietanamese comfort food.For me, pho is comfort food. The broth is the foundation, the soul of a bowl. The analog of the roux in a hearty gumbo. My ideal broth is salty, savory. You can taste the oxtails and bones that have been simmering for hours on end. The pungent steam soaks the aroma of star anise and beef stubbornly into the fibers of your shirt. The watery, one-dimensional rendition served here is nothing less than a deathkiss, regardless of the quality of the other ingredients. Add on meager portion size (one-size-only that's smaller than a usual "small"), miserly garnishes, and a viscous undercooked puck of noodles and the whole thing's a disaster. The entire table ended up drowning their bowls in Sriracha.
Pre-made cafe sua da. *facepalm*
2 different people tried to clear our dishes 3 times in the course of 5 minutes. Yes, you want to turn over the table, message received loud and clear. Service was polite and friendly overall though.
I bought the hype. I thought my West Bank drives were over. It was not to be.Had the pork vermicelli bowl and liked it for the most part but wouldn't order it again.  The pork was a bit too tough/chewy for my taste.  The actual taste of the pork was good but I like my pork a bit more tender.  My partner  had the chicken vermicelli bowl and his was delicious all the way around. Chicken was nicely done and tender.  We though the sauces were good, should have asked for a bit more.
I'd definitely go back and try other items.  The prices were very reasonable for what you got.MAGASIN: a haiku
i love you spring roll
i'll just have the pork bahn mi
wait...red velvet cake.
my experience at magasin can be summed up in one word: frequent. frequent as hell. this place is right by my house and I am ALWAYS in the mood to eat it. 
The pork is definitely marinated in heroin and this gal is addicteeeeeed! All pork everythang! Until I got the lemongrass chicken and the grilled shrimp and now I just have menu anxiety.
The take out girl said she sees my sister more than she sees her cat. THAT IS HOW MUCH WE LOVE MAGASIN. 
If you go get the mango peach black tea. And a pork bahn mi. or the filet mignon pho. yeah, filet mignon- DID I STUTTER?!
Honestly this is some of the best food to ever grace my lips. And I eat a lot. And now 80% of what I eat comes from the beautiful people at Magasin which is good because it is so freakin' affordable. They could charge more and I'd gladly pay it, but thank God they don't because then I'd be homeless. 
Magasin pork takes precedence over  having a home.
Go there, or forever have a hole in your heart.Magasin is currently my 'go to spot' for Vietnamese food. I have come at all the right times. I have not been disappointed at all. The pho was served beautifully in a huge bowl along with spring mix and veggies on the side. It was good with the addition of meatballs, rare steak, and brisket. It is called pho combination. Don't forget to add the sauces. They make the soup more flavorful. I've had rice with the grilled pork and egg. The addition of the egg makes everything taste so much better. I love how it is a little runny when you poke the yolk. Also, another time I had the white rice with lemongrass chicken entree with egg. Man, was it delicious! The food is a little on the sweeter side, but it works for me! I can tell that the chefs do a really good job.I gotta say that this place is beyond good, it's super GREAT!!!! I am from Houston and we are known for great asian food and they must have lifted this restaurant from Houston and moved it to New Orleans.  It's pretty cheap too. My wife ate the rice dish with pork chops and she loved it and I had the Pho with filet mignon ($10.50) and I gotta say it was worth every damn penny.  The business is brand new so it was packed.  The service is good for a new staff, but once they iron out their flaws, it's going to be great. I would definitely recommend eating here and once you arrived and see a full crowd, then you know why.  GREAT FOOD!!!FAST SERVICE!!GREAT ENVIRONMENT!!! what else can you ask for?Great food and great price!
Excellent service. 
Cork fee, but I do not go here to drink. I always order the Lemongrass Tea.
Great BUN 
Great PHO
Great Spring Rolls
Great AtmosphereAmazing food for a very reasonable price. May have been the best pho I've every had.The food here is pretty good. I've only really had the pho and spring rolls: pho has a nice depth of flavor and the spring rolls are fresh tasting. It's authentic-tasting for the most part. 
Ambiance is nice too. Cute outdoor dining and a nice back patio that is good for larger groups. 
It's BYOB. They just started charging corkage: $5/bottle. I brought two bottles of beer and was able to get $5 for both bottles. They should just keep corkage for wine in my opinion. 
But, DEAR GOD WHAT THE HELL IS UP WITH THE SERVICE???!! It's terrible.  Food comes out at all different times (which could also be a kitchen problem) leaving other people waiting forever, servers don't know anything about the menu, the host is inept for the most part. I HATE when I sit down and they don't tell you what they're out of that night, only to order it in anticipation and then have them come back and tell you they're out. Their horrible service even makes it difficult to do take-out. 
Maybe it's because they're still new and working some things out, who knows. If you don't mind clueless and inept (albiet friendly enough) service, then come here. The food makes up for a lot of it.Filet Mignon Pho was delicious!  Not your traditional pho, but seriously good.  The shrimp spring rolls were also great, although it's hard to mess up a spring roll.  Sit out back.  The wait staff was very friendly, but a bit awkward.  Didn't bother me since I enjoyed my food so much.After two years and numerous visits, it's time for an update.
Magasin is now my "go to" for Pho when I am uptown, mainly because it's close to wherever I usually find myself and it's amazingly good. I have tried all different types of Pho at this point and I would have to say that the Filet Mignon and the brisket are a couple of my favorites. Another new discovery is the avocado spring roll which is fresh and crisp and delicious, especially if you aren't in the mood for a seafood roll. The staff is always super friendly and there has been no issue with any wait the last few times I've been.
I have taken to eating outside, when it's ncie, since there are tables and although you are just on the sidewalk, it's nice to watch the world go by. The cucumber green tea is still one of my favorites and is the best flavored tea that they have.One of the best banh mi's I've ever had. Highly recommend the grilled pork; perfect amount of sweet and smoke flavor.Out of the five times that I've been here I have only encountered one bad experience. But I like giving places the benefit of the doubt and assume it was just an off day. Here's what happened:
My mom and dad called me as soon as I was closing my shop (on Upperline and Magazine) and asked me to run over here and get a table ready and order the food so that by the time they got there the food would be served. They were approximately 10 to 15 minutes away. I drive over and was seated promptly. It wasn't as busy as I have normally seen it, so i figured everything would go according to plan. After being seated for a while, my server had not come to greet me yet or ask for my drinks. After I finally got her attention, I placed my entire order at once. Not to mention, the person that had seated me somewhat refused to take my drink order. I was a host once, and I usually always took drinks orders to help our the servers a little. So, anyway - whatever, no big deal. Like I said, I gave her my full order.
Then, one plate arrives REALLY fast. Like abnormally fast. It looked like something I ordered and the bad part was that my parents had not arrived yet. After a minute or two, someone came and took the plate away because they had brought it to the wrong table... RATS! Well, it was kind of a good thing since my parents had not arrived.
Shortly after, mom and dad walk through the door. I had ordered three dishes - two rice plates, one with pork and one with steak; and a soup dish. The food was served less then 5 minutes after they arrived, so that was nice... all except mine. I was really frustrated and upset because I was also super hungry... we all were. Both my parents finished they plate before my soup even arrived. That was super disappointing and I'm usually not to say something, but I did express my thoughts to our server, which I know it wasn't her fault, but I made it clear to her that this was not acceptable. 
The soup eventually came and I finished it rather quickly.  
Anyways, I do like this place a lot. And like I said, I'm not going to stop coming here because of one bad experience. 
So give it a shot... and try the soup sometime.. they are big and delicious!Yaaaaaay a Vietnamese spot close to my house! I've only had pho and spring rolls here so far. It can get pretty crowded very quickly, so I recommend coming in the off-hours if possible. 
Thumbs up to the garlic-fried tofu spring rolls and beef brisket pho. I had the beef meatball pho more recently, and the meatballs weren't quite what I was expecting. Several vegetarian/vegan options on the menu.Located on Magazine Street, "Magasin Vietnamese Cafe" is so named as a joke poking fun at how most elderly Vietnamese people don't make the effort to pronounce English words correctly. I feel like part of me should be offended on behalf of my elders, but I sadly think it's kind of funny, because well... it's true. 
Upon entering this restaurant I was quite surprised by the decor - very modern with soft lighting. There was a crowd, even when I went at 8pm and all the people jammed into the relatively small place just adds to the mystique of how popular this place is. You feel privileged to get even the crappy seat at the bench table along the window, as if you were eating at an airport between flights. 
Indeed, I did feel very much like I was eating at an airport restaurant. This is not necessarily a bad thing - I actually really like airports - but while there you're in very close proximity to other diners and forced to hear nearby conversations, or at least the ambient noise of chattering voices in what becomes an echo chamber. Of course, there is also music playing in the background - the night I was there it was the sort of music you'd hear in night clubs circa the 1950s - Unchained Melody, Cheek to Cheek, etc. An odd choice for a Vietnamese restaurant I think, but I like that kind of music, so I don't mind. 
As for the food, I ordered grilled pork spring rolls and a bowl of filet mignon pho. The spring rolls were good - the rice paper was just right. There was perhaps more vermicelli than necessary (making up for the lack of veggies that should have been in the roll), but they were good.
The pho came out in a bowl atop a long plate that also had the traditional garnishes of bean sprouts, limes, cilantro, and mint. High marks for presentation. Typically a Vietnamese restaurant opts for relatively cheap ceramic bowls and utensils but this place opted for nice oversized porcelain bowls. Where a typical bowl of pho is practically filled to the brim, this place serves their pho with the bowl only filled about 3/4 of the way up. 
Portion-wise, I was disappointed. It just wasn't the oversized bowl making me think I was getting less, I actually was. This place gives you less pho noodles than the typical Vietnamese restaurant (while charging you more for it). Also, they were really skimpy on the pieces of filet mignon in my pho. I kept having to look for more bits. "Filet mignon" pho is not really a traditionally used cut of beef for pho and is something that is used at trendy Vietnamese restaurants. But at other places, at least you get sizable cuts of beef - here you get mini-mini cubes. 
When my pho came out, the first thing I did was taste the broth. It was okay, but a little off. Not bad, but not what real Vietnamese pho broth should be. (The best stuff should be made using bone, so that there are bits of marrow in the broth. For time's sake you can also use chicken or beef stock from a can and flavor it accordingly.) Most people upon getting their pho immediately add the lime and siracha and hoisin sauce. This is a mistake. You have to test the broth to judge the cook. And especially because when you find that rare magical bowl of pho with the perfect broth, you really shouldn't add the other stuff. 
My qualms with the broth are minor however, and after adding the lime, siracha, and hoisin sauce, the base broth becomes negligible anyway as the mixture of the sauces saves a weak broth. 
Ultimately, Magasin Vietnamese Cafe is a huge leap forward for bringing Vietnamese cooking into the mainstream. Up until now, there haven't really been any good Vietnamese restaurants in New Orleans proper. Although there are Vietnamese restaurants on the Westbank and in New Orleans East, these are not areas that tourists (or even locals) venture out to without specific reason. 
Happily, this is not fusion food. It's authentic Vietnamese food with a modern twist (for example, vegan pho is something I've never seen before). This is a good place to bring someone who had never had Vietnamese food. 
However, traditionalists and people who are looking for value will probably want to stay away unless in a bind and suffering from a true craving. The food here is overpriced for what you get - I paid about $15 before tip for spring rolls and a bowl of pho that did not fill me up. I might otherwise pay $10-12 for the same thing at other Vietnamese restaurants, although when I go out typically I never order spring rolls and the bowl of pho alone is enough to fill me up. 
Worth mentioning is that this place kind of dumbs down Vietnamese food. Pho, traditionally, is supposed to be rice noodles with a variety of different cuts of meat, from flank to tendon to tripe to rare steak, etc... Here they give you the option of a single choice of meat to go with your noodles. Like I say, it's a good introduction, but this is clearly not a restaurant aimed at Vietnamese people.This is not the most authentic place, but they do have some solid dishes. Their Banh Mi (sandwich) is excellent and very affordable. Their Pho is great, but I do crave some tendon and tripe once in a while (which they don't offer at this place). Their service is always excellent, quick and friendly. I love it here for a quick, solid meal.It was "OK.."... the two guys were very nice, while the lady at the counter wasn't quite friendly... the food was pretty good. Won't be a favorite of mine or a regular.I was very excited to try this place, but found it did not live up to the hype. They open for dinner at 6 PM, and when I arrived at 6:12PM there were only 3 stools left. It is a popular establishment that fills quickly!
A friend and I wanted to see how it compared to West Bank Vietnamese and we ordered way too much food for one meal in order to sample everything. We ordered:
Veggie/Avocado Goi Cuon/Spring Rolls
Eggplant Banh Mi/Sandwich
Vegetarian Crepe
Garlic Fried Tofu Bun/Vermicelli
Pho Vegan Pho/Noodle Soup
Hot Green Tea x2
One appetizer and one or two entrees should be sufficiently filling depending on your appetite, as portions are rather large for the price and we had ample leftovers that filled two soup containers and two square meal containers. Service was relatively quick and they garnish their water with lime, which I like.
Nothing was horrible, but the food was flavorless and devastatingly neutral overall. The peanut sauce was unremarkable, the pho tasted like frozen veggies in water, and my palate was bored. 
If given the option I will always choose Phò Tàu Bay over this establishment. If I am forced back here for whatever reason I will order the Eggplant Sandwich, which was the only menu item of those mentioned above that had any distinct flavor. It is quite tasty, but one dish is not sufficient to merit a repeat visit.I. LOVE. this place. I'm not a pho snob (well, I haven't had enough of it to judge, and never even tried it until I moved here 2 years ago), so I can safely say, they've got great pho. Their spring rolls are pretty amazing, and everything else my friends have gotten here, they've raved about.
Great for dinner or a quick lunch, and even to go -- where you need to make sure you have an extra big bowl at home for your pho (and they give you all the fixins for as well! I would ask for double basil, just b/c I love it so much).. so when you've got a sick/hungover friend, their to go-pho is perfect.
The staff is super friendly, and the decor is clean and modern. I just love this place. And you can tell they use the freshest ingredients. 
Now I want them for lunch.. hm.Really fresh ingredients, great service, and excellent flavor.It was about time that a vietnamese restaurant opened in Uptown. 
I went there for lunch and it was a pleasant, tasty experience.
I started with the tofu spring rolls. Ingredients were fresh and peanut sauce was delicious. I also ordered the Chicken Pho. It comes with a side of beans sprouts, basil  and jalapenos ( so you can add to the broth). It was very satisfying. 
Also, Dont forget to order the pork bun it was soo good!I will be coming here. A LOT.
I had the garlic tofu bun and crab rangoons. They were both delicious.  Service was quick and prompt.  I can't wait to come back.Returned for the pork roll & pate bahn mi -- not at all worth the trip, as there was barely any pate on the sandwich at all beneath a few slices of pork roll.  Redemption: the baguette they use must be from Boulangerie down the street.  I'd eat that bread by itself.With several visits back to Magasin, my conclusion is that it has worked out all the growing pains from the winter and is now a serious contender for my favorite eateries on Magazine Street. But that's why I gave it four stars to begin with.
So, the aforementioned issues with slightly confused/overwhelmed counter service and long waits? A thing of the past. We were greeted immediately, whisked to the counter when we told the gal we wanted take out instead of being seated. Within 10 minutes our order was brought out to us by the nicest lady ever. 
Oh besides the bun and veg spring rolls, I suggest you get the garlic tofu banh mi if you're looking for something hearty with good value ($4...really? Really.) I even ate *all* the bread. That's rare for me when it comes to po-boys (and I consider most of the banh mi  to be like delicious Vietnamese versions of this New Orleans staple). Crusty, chewy goodness. It could stand to have more vegetables, but that's a small quibble.
I almost look forward to the cold weather so I can finally try the vegetarian pho!This was absolutely the worst Vietnamese food I have ever eaten. I am a HUGE fan of Vietnamese food and have been to almost every restaurant in New Orleans and this was by far the worse. I ordered Pho with steak with extra veggies and I was disappointed before even trying it. The "extra veggies" was a tiny handful of veggies definitely not worth the extra charge. The broth was so salty I had to add a large cup of hot water to it and the jalapeños were so bland after 10 I decided to stop adding them because they had no flavor and asked for chili oil...but even the chili oil was gross! It was a creamy pinkish texture that was sweet and definitely bad quality. I was out to dinner there with a Chef there and he said to me "When you have to add every condiment, you know it's shitty food" and it definitely was! This place uses the cheapest ingredients and it is reflected in their food. Also, their fish sauce is the bottom of the barrel...I will not be going back here.  If you want some AMAZING Pho in New Orleans, go to Lillys Cafe on Magazine in the lower garden district!Decent Vietnamese restaurant, if you're looking for a very Americanized restaurant. The presentation of the pho noodles was beautiful, however the taste was not as authentic as other restaurants i have been to. 
I ordered the brisket pho and avocado spring rolls. Ingredients were fresh and plating was beautiful. 
Great first experience.The vegan pho is incredible. Full of flavor, and a HUGE portion. Lots of vegetarian options, so I would love to go again and try another item. Enjoyed the outdoor seating on Magazine Street as well.I'm so-so on Magasin. The prices are excellent on everything and a $4.5 pork banh mi feels like a steal. Said banh mi is tasty, as are the lemongrass chicken spring rolls. I'm not a huge pho girl and Magasin didn't persuade me to be one. Maybe next time I'll try the bun and my review will change. I did really like the cafe sua da both times I was there.
So the price is great, the food is decent, but the service was weird. Like spacey and almost like I was inconveniencing them. I'd rather go to Lilly's.This really is the best Vietnamese food I have ever had ! It's fresh, the location is perfect , it's super clean and cute !!! I come from Houston which is Vietnamese central and this is by far the best flavored fresh food I have had in a long time !!! Love loveI go frequently to Vietnamese restaurants back home in mountain view, ca. Originally unsure of Vietnamese restaurants away from the areas of large ethnic populations. But the dishes we had at this restaurant was very good. I had the pho with filet minon. It was tasty and lower in fat than the usual pho I am accustom to in places in CA. I prefer lower fat so the way they prepared the meats was very welcome.This place is AWESOME! Get the sausage and egg spring rolls and the combination pho. Food's fresh, quick and cheap. 
My only criticisms are 1) They're closed on Sundays!!! They should definitely rethink that policy. 2) It's BYOB, and you don't even have wine glasses. Please, just invest in some wine glasses.I can only speak of pho there. I did not enjoy the pho there because I it was too sweet for me. There might be people who like their pho sweet, but the least I can say is that sweet pho is not authentic.Great friendly service, catch it after the lunch rush. Bun and Banh Mi with grilled pork and fresh shrimp spring roll were perfect. I'll be back to try the pho.I used to really like this place when it first opened. The pork vermicelli bowl was always wonderful. However, my last visit in December was a rather bad experience for my group. All of our dishes were severely lacking in one way or another, with the service not being up to par of previous visits. We left wondering if their quality had inherently suffered over time from the need to service the daily large crowds coming in from Magazine St.
I don't want to completely write them off just because of this one time, though. There are several other great Vietnamese places that are easily accessed, but I've always got Magasin in the back of my mind for a revisit.Love it. I've had my fair share of Vietnamese food and can't say it's one of my favorites, but Magasin does it so well. We got pho and the steak fried rice with avocado (not  normally a fried rice person, but this was recommended- and I'm glad we got it). Both flavors were really amazing. Very rich and flavorful, with high quality meat. Service was lacking, most likely because they are so busy. My friend got a Vietanmese coffee and really didn't like it, so I would stay away from that as well.Magasin never disappoints! Every dish that I have tried is delicious. They are fast, friendly, accommodating, and for the price, they stand out as one of my favorite Vietnamese restaurants in the city. 
I tried something new for a change today - the Vietnamese crepes were spectacular!! Anyone craving quality Vietnamese food should definitely give them a try. Thanks again for always accommodating our large work orders with a smile.Pretty decent pho and excellent garlic tofu rolls. I would go back for sure!!!
I love the location and all the servers were super nice!My favorite Vietnamese place in the city- staff is friendly, service is prompt, prices are great, and the food is delicious. Order the fresh avocado spring rolls and Pho Filet.Yes. Finally a Vietnamese restaurant on Magazine street! This one being modern, sleek, trendy yet cheap and friendly. 
Magasin Vietnamese Cafe has quickly become a popular spot on Magazine street so you may find yourself waiting in a line up during rush hours. The staff seemed overwhelmed the night we went and I can't say that the service was amazing because it was far from it but given that they are a new restaurant I won't be quick to judge. Hopefully, once everything falls into place they will get the hang of things and provide better and more prompt service. On the night we went, we had to wait 15-20 minutes before anyone came to our table. The food came out in a timely fashion but there was not enough spoons and when we asked it took another 15 minutes (the waiter forgot) and we had to go inside to grab spoons ourselves. There was no alcohol (assuming they do not have an alcohol license) so we went across the street to buy some wine which was fine. We went on a Friday night and were surprised to learn that the restaurant closes at 9 pm until we looked around and saw that the place was empty except for us.
Despite the lack of proper service the food was great (see menu). It was everything you could ask for on a Vietnamese menu: pho, spring rolls, subs and rice noodles. The best part was the vegetarian and vegan options on the menu which I found to be extremely refreshing since its a rarity down south. Our vegetarian friends were very happy with the options and ordered several of the veggie dishes off the menu. I am a big pho fan and opted for the chicken pho which was just perfect. The spring rolls (both friend pork and shrimp) were good as well. Perfect proportion of meat and rice noodles served with peanut sauce. The best part had to be the prices. Everything was reasonably priced: dinner for our table of 5 came to just over $60 dollars. 
This place is great if you don't feel like making the trek to the West Bank for your Vietnamese food fix. I for one will definitely be back for more. I just hope their service improves in time.(With my Nola accent) It's aight. 
3/5 stars, because well the service was nice and place itself was so beautiful, very modern and refreshing. 
Food didn't really amaze me too much. I eat Vietnamese food everyday when I come home so I know what authentic Vietnamese food tastes like. This place lacks that. I understand most if not all of the Vietnamese places in the city are modernized, so if you want authentic, I highly recommend one of the Viet restaurants from either Metairie or the West Bank. I promise the prices are far more reasonable as well. Lol. 
The portions just seemed so little for everything and I didn't feel full.. it felt like a snack or a bunch of appetizers. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing? Let's see, I got:
Lemongrass Beef Spring Rolls, peanut sauce was way too watery for me, in my opinion. 
Steamed pork bun, it's literally just one steamed bun filled with pork and egg. 
Panko Shrimp rice plate, it was small portions and ok. 
Vietnamese crepe, lacked fillings and I received 2 shrimps. 
To conclude, I don't see myself coming here again. It wasn't worth it to me. I didn't find anything significant that would pull me back to this place.Tried this place last night after reading all of the great reviews from fellow Yelpers :)
Lemongrass chicken spring rolls were delicious, served with a very yummy peanut sauce. The filet mignon Pho was super flavorful. I am freaking stoked that I no longer have to travel over to the West Bank for decent Vietnamese food!
Rock on Magasin!The hours for this place are weird. FYI- Open from 11-345, Reopen at 6-9. Closed for lunch during 345 and 6! I know this because twice, not once but twice I entered into the door only to hear that they had just closed 10 minutes ago! The first time was after 9 and the kitchen was straight up closed. BUt then I went back the next day at 350 and again- they were closed- luckily though the kitchen had not yet shut so I placed a to go order. Totally- plus one star just for the service.
Definitely worth it! It is pretty inexpensive, but of course I unknowingly got the most expensive thing on the menu. The seafood noodle soup, since it is made with chicken broth, I replaced it with a vegetable broth (add $1), which came with huge chunks of shitaki mushrooms and carrots and broccoli. Good! There was a healthy serving of shrimp in the soup, and they were fresh and tasty. 
Also, they have a lovely outdoor seating deck space on Milan street!Update - the restaurant has for some reason opted to change breads used for sandwiches. The delicious, hearty, and crusty French baguettes that they originally used have been replaced with lighter than air, styrofoam - like, and frankly off-putting Leidenheimer loaves that more closely resemble packing material than baguette. Definitely a drop in quality as far as I'm concerned. Otherwise, still a big fan of Magasin!I have found my dishes at Magasin and now I won't stray. LOVE the avocado spring rolls and the fried shrimp balls. BALLS, I say.Oh gracious what a delicious Vietnamese restaurant! I have pretty high standards for pho and this place absolutely lived up to them and even surpassed them I think. The quality, portions, and flavors are all on point. Aside from the super fresh and extremely tasty food, the atmosphere is so perfect. It's trendy and cute but still quite cozy. This is quickly becoming one of my favorite spots in the city, ESPECIALLY in the Vietnamese category.I came here for lunch yesterday and loved it. I ordered the pork bahn mi and it was delicious. I can't say I'm well versed in bahn mi sandwiches in the area, but I'd definitely eat here again. At $4.50, I'd say this is my new go-to lunch spot.This is my second time here; and both times were a great experience. Servers and kitchen staff are very friendly and the food is amazing. Pho is very light and taste great. They have great choices for vegetarian eating as well.So we have only eaten here once- but we really enjoyed our meals!  We found the food to be quite fresh and very affordable!  (And the venue is quite clean, which wins an extra star with my hubby, who hates eating at questionable-in-the cleanliness-category restaurants).  There are several menu items that are listed as vegan.  Pinch me please!!!  I expect this when dining in "big cities", but not New Orleans!  We will definitely be going back :)Had the rare steak pho. Certainly wasn't bad, just not memorable. The broth didn't have any depth of flavor. With all the pho shops around these days the bar has been set pretty high and this place was just okay. Also, just fyi, it was pretty spicy. 
Husband had the lemon grass chicken Bahn Mi which had a nice flavor. If you're a guy you will want to order two or you'll leave hungry. (Just $4 each)Perfect food and space for hot and sticky New Orleans.  Winter, pho is in order but summer calls for Banh Mi or Bun.  Never disappointed and real value for the $$$As a fledgling restaurant getting it's grip on the New Orleans dining scene and learning to spread it's wings, Magasin is doing an excellent job.  Opening just as Mardi Gras is getting underway is no joke, and they have had to handle huge crowds, and have done so with great effort and patience.  Give them time to work out their service kinks.  They are getting there.
However, there is NOTHING wrong coming out of the kitchen!  The food is absolutely superb.  Fresh, delicious, plentiful, hot and satisfying.  We've been there 3 times in 6 days.
I highly recommend the following:  Pho Filet Mignon, Spicy Beef Noodle Soup, Grilled Pork Banh Mi, Lemongrass chicken spring rolls and the Acai Berry Iced tea.  I'm sure I'll go back in a couple days and will update again.
Congrats Magasin!  Keep up the good work!!!  Can't wait til it's perfect window opening weather! xo,JBeen twice now and consistently good. Cheap prices and byob keep bill to under $30 both times. Food is all good quality, healthy portions, and service is fast and friendly. Hard to miss.The food here is just as good as the Vietnamese you find on the WestBank.  But the upside is.... you don't have to go the WANK.  The banh mi is always my go-to Vietnamese favorite.  But their Vermicelli is good (or so I hear from my dining compatriots).  It is BYOB, but they have a corkage fee ($5 last time I checked).  Kinda cramped and busy, but that's just a sign that things are good!Yummy food.  But 5 stars because of the value.  Low price high flavor.  I would eat here all the time if I lived near.  Good ambiance and decor.  Friendly and attentive staff.1. I had the freshest spring rolls I have ever had. It was so good it felt sexy
2. I had a 4 dollar BBQ pork sandwich that was was delicious. Yes. It was 4 dollars.
3. My girlfriend had the Pho Brisquet. It was goood and the best part was that it was big and I got a chance to act as her designated food trash can. 
4. The place is minimalistic and beautiful. Good for dates and impressing the boss.
5. Service was good but not great. I know that its part of the hole, "we are in a cool place vibe" but, in my book, this makes you lose a star.
18 dollars + deliciousness - excessive coolness = 4 starsA great place if you enjoy a good bowl of pho or vermicelli.  I had the chicken pho but the seafood noodle soup my mother in law had looked amazing.  I also recommend trying the spring rolls.  The peanut sauce that they come with was also delicious.The food here is really well prices for the portion sizes. They have good pho but their bahn mi is my go to jam. Service staff is always very cool. They do get busy for lunch sometimes so the earlier the better as usualWe had a great time. The portions are a little small given the size of most New Orleans customers. If you're a normal eater definitely go. Food and atmosphere feels clean and healthy.I've been to Magasin a few times for lunch and honestly can't remember if my meal was awesome or not. So when my go-to place was closed and I needed my Pho craving taken care of I settled on Magasin. 
Its a lovely space further down Magazine Street. Clean, modern, white decor is very inviting. Its usually always pretty busy when we come, but this was a late lunch so there wasn't many people in the restaurant. 
I ordered the combination Pho minus the meatballs. It came out fairly quickly. The food was good...just not great. Something was missing. The meat itself was seasoned well, but the broth just wasn't doing it for me. It was kinda bland. Overall I left satisfied, but my Pho craving still exists. Maybe I'll have to try some suggestions of other things on the menu. My boss raves about the fried rice dishes. 
And considering I live in new Orleans East I can't allow myself to pay $7+ for Bahn Mi. There's definitely way cheaper places.Love the decor, LOVE the spring rolls, the pho is good, appetizers are fun... my favorite are the panko shrimp balls and crab rangoon. I've dined in a few times but I usually just pop in for take out. The prices are really reasonable and the service is friendly and efficient.I liked the food better at Magasin's downtown restaurant (separate review) than at the hip-looking Magazine Street original. It was a nice setting and a prominent location to be sure, but I was a bit miffed.
For one thing, the grilled tofu I ordered didn't actually seem grilled; it looked just like the fried tofu dishes that I saw others get, but cost more (I've had grilled tofu elsewhere and it's been good). Some of the other dishes came with fish sauce on the side as well, which the menu and the staff didn't warn us of, but which we just skipped. We also had shiitake mushroom rolls and tofu rolls, which tasted nice and had a pleasant peanut and chili sauce on the side, but which had too many rice noodles as filler and in some cases just a small piece of the mushroom/tofu that we ordered them for. Also, they just had regular Sriracha instead of whatever special hot sauce the downtown one had.
So it wasn't perfect, and I've had better Vietnamese food experiences in the area, including but not limited to their sister restaurant. At the end of the day though, the food wasn't bad and the price wasn't bad for where and what it was.VERY disappointing!  I have been waiting in great expectation since October for this place to open and had the most disappointing Vietnamese meal of my life here.  This place is very popular at the moment and it was packed full of people in the small space like a sardine can and I was sat in the tiniest baby chair I've ever attempted to sit in within the most cramped space I've ever attempted to eat in. This place looks a lot like a trendy gastropub and what a surprise they also serve stupid SMALL portions of food just like a stupid gastropub too.  I was served the smallest serving of pho I've ever had in my life anywhere!  They have one bowl size and it is smaller than the small size at all the other places in the area.  If the size of the serving wasn't bad enough they dished out the bean sprouts and greens like they were made of gold and then only ONE slice of jalapeno.  
So after this tiny snack I attempt to pay my bill and noticed that when I got my credit card slip back that somehow they added on TWO special coffee drinks to my tab that I didn't have.  It took three times longer to take care of my bill than it did to eat and in the end all they could figure out was to just give me cash for the difference they had charged to my card.  I don't like small portions and dainty little snacks and I don't like being crammed into a sardine can and then forced to sit in a baby chair.  I'd be betting I probably won't be returning to eat the micro pho here so do yourself a favor and get a real bowl of pho elsewhere.Save your money and head down the street to Lilly's. The food is mediocre, the service is worse. Review your Guest Check because they charge you different than that which is listed on the Menu.great food, great service, great prices, as good if not better than food i ate in vietnam. BYOBTHEY GOT IT UNDER CONTROL YOU GUYS! IT'S VERY EXCITING!  They got some new, competent staff.   The food is swift, delicious, and priced appropriately.  I hate going to vietnamese restaurants and paying like $10 for a bahn mi.  Like, lets consider the ingredients and simplicity of the sandwich, it's not supposed to be $10.  And magasin gets this!  I actually travel all the way from the marigny to get here, it's worth the trek, haven't found better vietnamese food in the city. YAYThe food is always delicious but sometimes the servers try to rush you along to fill the tables again. The noodle bowls are pretty top notch, as are the rolls. Great food, but not the most relaxing atmosphere when the servers are coming around every two minutes to hurry you along.There's a lot of good Vietnamese food in New Orleans... We're very lucky here. But this place is special. 
The people are friendly and sweet, the atmosphere can be loud but it is pretty and feels good and the food is wonderful, after all. The classic ox tail pho is especially good if you like authentic Vietnamese.
I only wish they had more tables and a liquor license!Before Magasin renovated, this was my go-to Vietnamese spot. I've always thought it was the best in the city. Then they renovated and were closed for like 4 months or so. They reopened with new wallpaper, a fresh coat of paint, new chairs.......and a 25% to 40% increase in prices. Their food quality didn't change...but their prices did. I could care less what a restaurant looks like on the inside for to-go orders which is mostly how I eat most vietnamese food. Lower your prices. Update your website since it has the old menus with the old menu prices.
Food is still bomb-AF tho.The thing I love the most about Asian food is it's freshness!  And served in an ultra modern decor.  Reminds me of a lot of places in the EU.
I've been hear several times, can't believe I haven't reviewed it.  
Took my aunt here for dinner.  She doesn't know much about Asian food unless it has to do with 5 Happiness.  The menu was all new to her.  It's divided into pho, vermicelli, bah minh (sandwiches) and an assortment of other small dishes.  My aunt not being too adventurous ordered the noodles with pork (not the rice noodles, the other).  I ordered the pork bun which I've never had here before and the Vietnamese crepe.  A couple from Japan was sitting next to us.  They too ordered the bun as well.  There's arrived before mine.  It was a mint green color... huhh?  That I've never seen before.  A green bun.  Oddly, the couple hadn't either.  Turns out it's made with edamame and that's why it's green.  Makes sense.  The inside is stuffed with roasted pork, egg (think hard boiled) and other tasty treats.  It was a little thick and doughy but still good.  the my Vietnamese crepe arrived **drool**  (see pic).  First the smell hits you.  Roasted pork... egg... the crepe is made of egg so think very, very thin omelet.  This is a very simple dish.  The only other ingredient is mung beans.  But seriously that's plenty.  Second, it's a really big portion.  So much so I almost took home half of it home!
What I don't like is that it's cramped.  The space between the tables is very slim.  Not all diners can squeeze through to sit down.  If I keep eating I do, soon I won't be able to myself.  Other thing, lot's of hard surfaces so the noise bounces around.  Obviously I can over look things because the food is sooo good.
I so wish this place were within walking distance to my condo!!  If it were, I'd eat here all of the time fo sho!!DELICIOUS!! 
Chicken Pho!! 1st time here and picked up and order to go, and I fell in love!! Great food, fast service!!Magasin is good, but not the best Pho I've ever had in the city.  The best vietnamese restaurants are on the West Bank & in the East.  They have great prices, good service, & a nice ambiance, but I usually get my order to go.Perfectly seasoned tofu on fresh warm crispy bread - the Banh mi sandwiches were absolutely delish!I don't usually do this, but I'll give Magasin 3.5 stars. 
I really wanted to like it, but I just wasn't blown away by the food. It was good, but I finished my meal and still felt unsatisfied. Which forced me to go our for dessert, which isn't a bad thing. :)
I had two different kinds of spring rolls -- the chicken and the sausage and egg, and both were good. I liked the chicken better, though. And the peanut sauce is really what makes them so good. For my main course, I had the vermicelli with grilled shrimp. It was a large portion, but by the time I'd eaten two-thirds of it, I was bored and wanted something else. Maybe I just have eating ADD. I don't know. I'd like to go back and try some of the other dishes -- particularly the pho, which I understand is very good. I just wasn't in a soup mood.
I did really like the vibe and the atmosphere though. It just seems like a cool, hip little place. But there aren't a lot of table and it can get very busy, even during off times (such as a Tuesday night).
I'll be back to Magasin at some point and maybe I'll have to adjust my review then. I'm really hoping it'll grow on me.I have been to Magasin twice now and both times thought the food and atmosphere were great. The staff were very pleasant and helpful. The space is bright and clean and the smell inside is fantastic. They prep/cook on the line to the left of the cash register and looked to be doing some interesting things (once they had a fried sesame ball special).
First visit I opted for the BBQ pork rice dish with a side of shrimp spring rolls. 
 The pork meat itself was very tender and seasoned well. Not oversalted, chewy or lacking flavor.. but it did need a little extra punch. Which came from the sauce on the side; my guess is that it was fish sauce w/ sesame oil, garlic, ginger and red pepper flakes. Made the entire dish pop. 
The little cabbage/carrot mix on the side had a nice pickle brine flavor to it and was a nice palate cleanser. 
Spring rolls were perfect. Vermicelli was done just right, veggies were super fresh, shrimp were cooked nicely.. but the star was the peanut sauce. Top 5 peanut sauces I've ever tasted for sure. Guaranteed that it's made in-house and they let it set up in the fridge for at least 3 days. 
Went for a second time again for lunch. Ordered something different, of course. Had the crab noodle soup and a side of chinese sausage per my barber's recommendation. 
The sausage was tender and had a really nice flavor, but was a little oily for my taste. Crab soup was delicious. They added some tofu for filler to make it a litlte heartier, which I didn't mind because the tofu was done well. Soup had a good spice level and the crab held together and tasted really good.
My main complaint was the bar stool I sat on. Was quite uncomfortable. I can't imagine a man over 200 lbs even fitting on there.
For the price, location, quickness, taste, quality of ingredients, service, atmosphere... it's hard to beat this joint.So I am obsessed with vermicelli bowls so I can't say that I eat a wide variety of Vietnamese because I can't make myself order anything else. These are fab! I had the lemongrass beef, the husband had the pork, we both added the egg roll... We are in heaven and a food coma. Plus the price was amazing.Great food at a great price. Plenty vegetarian options. Vegan pho was the best meal in town so far!Oooh wee.  I love trying new places, so when a friend suggested Megasin tonight, I was all about it.
Where do I start?  Well, I guess I will start with the wait.  Yes, there is one.  The place just opened and you know how those New Orleans folks go mad for their Vietnamese food.  My friend and I waited for about 30 minutes.
Once we were seated, I ordered the cucumber green tea and an order of shrimp spring rolls (I would have gotten beef, but it's Lent and it's a Friday).  The spring rolls were amazing and delicous.  I don't partake in peanut sauce (aka fancy peanut butter, stop kidding yourself), so I ate them dry and loved them.
For my entree, I wanted the wonton soup, but they were out, so I got the seafood pho.  It was amazing and it had shrimp, fish balls and scallops in it.  It was really good.
Am I a nerd because I was happy that they gave me a fork at the beginning of the meal?  A lot of times you go to these places and you feel weird if you ask for a fork because you aren't being "authentic".  Well, I used a fork for my noodles in my pho soup and I didn't feel weird about it.
While this place isn't as good as maybe a Pho Tau Bay, it is definitely worth at least trying.  I mean... I'm not a huge Pho fan and I liked it!Love at first bite! This restaurant revived some of my faith in NOLA. My food adventure in NOLA hasn't been the best but dining here made it a whole lot better! My friends and I had the bahn mi, mamas friend rice and the classic pho... and it was all pho-nominal!!killer spring rolls, excellent Brisket Pho.
best vietnamese ive had in the city. Id probably have noticed it sooner if they actually had a sign out front.
BYOB