Ran across this gem when walking from building to building at the World War II Museum.  The smell lured us in!  We had a small Magazine Supreme. It was the perfect size for two for lunch. The crust was great and it had just the right amount of sauce. The lady at the counter was so kind and helpful. The atmosphere was rustic but clean.I ordered from Magazine Pizza after a long day of travel. I ordered a small pizza and soda to be delivered to my hotel. When it arrived, it was the wrong pizza, as they person taking my order had misunderstood that I was looking for pizza with chicken and olives with pesto sauce, instead delivering a Chicken Pesto pizza (which is some kind of specialty pizza). 
I called to ask them to send the correct pizza (as I couldn't eat what they sent due to allergies). They eventually sent the correct pizza, but it was more than an hour from when I first called (about 50 minutes the first time and another 20 the second time, and well before the dinner rush). After all that, I was also charged the price of the specialty pizza, not the pizza I ordered (a difference of several dollars). Admittedly, I did not call a third time to rectify the situation, as by that point I was exhausted.
One good thing: the sauce they serve on the side of the pizza is delicious.
Not my best experience!Had their Margherita pizza and it was awesome! Also had the Caesar salad and that was great too! Ordered there twice in the week we were here, definitely recommend!Hands down the best gluten free pizza I've had, but the best part is the homemade ranch dip!I absolutely love this establishment! Great food, wonderful staff, and delivers all over the city.
The hangover pizza is one of my favorites. They also sell Nur's Kitchen Hummus which is delectable! 
If you're a local or just visiting, if you want a pie, go to Magazine Pizza!Magazine pizza is great.  Aphrodisiac and Lagniappe are my go-to pizzas, plus their salads are spot on. 
And the spinach dip? Yes, please. Plus you can get hummus.. HUMMUS ON DELIVERY WITH MY PIZZA WHAAAAAA?!I ordered this pizza for my staff and wow was I disappointed. I ordered two large pizzas and anywhere else they would be considered mediums at best but they still charged a large price. The pizza itself was just ok but for the price it wasn't worth it at all. Bei Tempe is a much better choice in that area especially since they have pizza by the slice and Magazine doesn't.This pizza was excellent. We ordered a four cheese pie with a couple beers and it was pretty affordable. I'd definitely go back.Pretty good pizza.  Love that they are open late. Just what our group needed after all the Mardi Gras celebrations.Placed and order for two pizzas (to be delivered), waited an hour (they promised it to be here in 45 minutes). They didn't come, called to cancel my order, was placed on hold twice!!! The line kept beeping at me....so I  hung up, this my first attempt buying pizza from them. A waste of time, don't spend your money on this *gourmet* pizza, it will never come.Always fast and hot when delivered. Love that I can order online and pay online!  Prices are fair and portions nice size on sandwiches. Pizzas are good too! I'm with the other reviewers, ranch dressing and all the topping choices make this one a great choice for a night in and they are open late! We order from here often downtown. And the calzones come with fries, who does that?! Awesome!!Minimal sauce to the pizza, soggy fries, but mozerella sticks are prime. On uber eats so available for delivery!Let's see, I ordered delivery from here two days ago and was actually pretty stoked about it, having tried and enjoyed it once before. Also, my hangover was like, feed me pizza now. However, I will not be back after my experience with them. 
The woman that answered the phone sounded disgruntled and annoyed, asking me repeatedly to speak up. I obliged and reiterated, almost robotically, my order to her. She did not repeat it back to check for accuracy and hung up the phone as soon as I said "cash," having only been prompted about my payment method. No delivery time, nothing.
The food arrived in a reasonable amount of time, delivered by a nice guy who called and told me he was downstairs. But to my dismay, there was a large pizza instead of a small! AND it was missing the mushrooms I paid an extra $1.50 for, tsk tsk tsk. That's not all! My girlfriend got one of their sandwiches on WHITE, it came on wheat. The bread that came with the spin dip was like eating cardboard. Fairly small errors, yes. But I paid an extra $10 (without a complaint whatsoever) or so and still tipped the driver over 20% on the overpriced total, which was not his fault after all.
THEN I called them up and asked to speak with a manager, just to let them know about the error. A less-than-enthused man answered and told me "no, there's no one here." WHAT? As a service industry vet, this is unacceptable and Magazine Pizza should be embarrassed. Get your $#!+ together, or at least get a ringmaster on the clock to control the circus that is your establishment.
Oh, and that large pizza is still rotting away in my fridge. I want my $10 back, I want my $10 back!Great little local pizza dive. Stopped by around midnight & enjoyed a margarita pizza but added chicken to it! It came plenty of fresh basil which I appreciated. (Most places skimp on it!) The husband had the Lagniappe pizza which was good different. It was covered with a delicious rich white sauce, shrimp & crawfish!We absolutely LOVE the pizza! Every time we come to town, we order delivery at least once. The pizza is still nice and hot when it gets to the hotel and the wait time isn't bad at all! Definitely recommend trying Magazine Pizza!Ok your in  NOLA under tornado warnings.  Not a lot to do on lined ordered through Yelp was to take 60-90 minutes arrived hot and delicious in less than 30. Two 14" pizzas salads and cheesecake.   Polite delivery.Good pizza. The OMGzone was delicious. We tried the Hawaiian, Margherita pizza and the Lagnipipe pizzas. Good seasoning and flavor on the pizza. It's a thinner crust pizza. We needed a place that delivers and enjoyed these pizzas.I'm only giving it one star because I can't give negative stars. I ordered online from my hotel room. I ordered a simple pizza and salad with a few two liters of Diet Coke. After an hour, I got a cold pizza, warm salad and dressing and warm soda. The driver was dressed like he was homeless and acted like he didn't give a shit. I called the place to complain and was put on hold for over 10 minutes so I hung up. This place sucks. I should have ventured out but was too tired to go anywhere. I'll probably end up with botulism.Thanks for littering the city with your flyers guys.  I make a point to not patronize businesses who resort to this type of advertizing.  It's a waste, and it makes a mess of our city.  I'll take my money elsewhere.Very disappointed! Quoted an 1 to 1 hour and 15 minutes for delivery at 2:00 pm on a Saturday. After 2 phone calls to find out the status of our order it finally arrived 2 hours after the fact. Pizza was cold as were the other items. Salad was hot not cold as it should be. Pizza crust was similar to something you would get at Papa Johns. Bland and rubbery. I let the female know (she refused to give me her name)who we ordered from originally that after a 2 hour wait we wanted a credit to the bill. She became very defensive and when I said "Fine I'll just write an honest negative review on Yelp" she hung up on me!! Rude and very poor customer service. Would not order from this place again!!When I moved to New Orleans, one of the top priorities was to find good pizza in the new city! Not an easy task. Discovering Magazine Pizza, was like finding treasure! Their pizza is beyond DELICIOUS! There is no pie I don't like, its made with love, attention and care. Fresh quality ingredients, and super good cheese!
They love their customers, its obvious to see and they make sure every pie is the best. 
There is also this secret sauce that comes with each pizza, this stuff is major! It's unique to Magazine Pizza, no other place offers extra something with a delicious pizza. Their ingredients are fresh and tasty. They deliver all over town, the delivery is always with a smile! 
They love what they do and it shows, they feed Nola everyday with the best pizza in town!
Yum! Yum!We were staying at the Sheraton off Canal St visiting from Orlando, and tired of eating out and needed a night into rest, so we decided to look at the options for ordering pizza, so we saw the reviews for this place and called to place a delivery order for one 14" Pepperoni Pizza and an order of baked mozzarella sticks. We were quoted 45-60 minutes for delivery, and our order arrived in around 35 minutes. As far as the food, the baked mozz sticks we "ok" and nothing special, and the same goes for the pizza, there enough cheese and toppings, but no where near enough sauce to give it the fresh and lively flavor you'd expect when paying $15 for a single pizza. Oh well.Meh. It'll make a turd.  Got a thin crust supreme and it was barely sprinkled with topping & crust was chewy
 Very bland. If you've been drinking, it'll be AHMAZINGGG!Top five on our list! Being from  we travel a lot and have had our fair share of pizzerias... Not only do they have a great selection but the taste and ingredients and flavors is just an amazing experience.My friends and I ordered pizza to go at this establishment. When I got home I realized I left a souvenir there. When I called back to let someone know I would be back to get it, the young lady was beyond rude and told me she see it, but could not save it and hung up. I called again to let someone know I was down the street. A male employee then answered the phone, said the manager wasn't there and begin to tell me how busy they were, but he see the pouch and it will be there. When I arrived moments later. Everyone (5 employees) was standing behind the counter with the their backs turned "even after I said "excuse me". When I asked about it no one knew what I was talking about including the two people that I just spoken with. I then asked for the manager that "supposedly" just left. Once I said I had spoken with the young lady on the phone and she hung up she blurted out "get it out the trash". The staff was not nice or friendly and the girl kept yelling "we are closed".  I told them it wasn't necessary to be rude or nasty. One of the employees dug my pouch out without the lid. The girl then yells out "you got what you needed and know you can go".  I left once my lid was recovered from the trash by another employee. This is by far The Worst Staff ever!The best salad I think I've ever had! I got the Magazine salad and it was delicious, fresh, perfect combination of ingredients. We also got the Margherita pizza and the spinach artichoke dip, both were excellent. I highly recommend this place, and they delivered to our hotel!Excellent thin crust pepperoni pizza. Plenty of cheese, good crust, and quick delivery. If you're staying in the Quarter or Downtown, this place is a go-to for ordering in.
Glad to have found it!Eh.. their pizza is better than some big brand pizza deliveries but I still feel that it's over priced. Why? Well my $10 gourmet spinach salad wasn't so fresh few crisp spinach leaves here and there but the rest we soggy and limp. The pepperoni pizza I ordered was fine but wasn't buzz worthy to us. Sane goes for the sausage pizza. The tomato sauce didn't taste freshly made. And the delivery driver put the nail in the coffin by mentioning a tip which I already had waiting for him. But couldnt hand it to him quickly because I was trying to gather everything because he didn't want to take the pizza out for me and I had my one yr old running around. So instead of giving him a 20% tip I gave him a 10% tip. Be a gentlemen and help a lady sir. But most importantly the food wasn't what they hyped it up to be.Just ordered the Farmer's Pizza-- what a disappointment.  The toppings were all concentrated in the middle and were very very sparse for $19.  Overall greasy and unappetizing.  There was nothing gourmet or special about this pizza. 
I also ordered hummus and was very surprised to receive a tub of hummus a la the grocery store nested in cut pita.  I am a huge hummus fan but not familiar with the brand so I thought it was going to be homemade.   First and last time I order from here.We ordered 2 pizzas online. It took two hours and all we got was excuses. They said something went wrong with the online ordering system. Fair enough if that actually happened but why not call me and tell me that or apologize? The lukewarm pizzas we finally got were pretty good but I'm not ordering from this place again.Reviews below about the long wait time are accurate. I don't care as much for delivery but you also have to wait a long time if you buy in the restaurant. The area is also kind of small and hard to find seating inside. It's also by the highway so kind of noisy sitting outside. The pizza itself - we had the "hangover" was above average. I saw some of the other combinations and they all seemed pretty creative. This is a place I would definitely come back to to try the other pizza toppingsHad a little trouble ordering over the phone, but this was solved quickly with the app.  Pizza arrived hot, fresh and quickly.  Ordered 3 pizzas and all three were great.  Good firm crust and could tell ingredients were all fresh.My order was incorrect and was mediocre food. Way overpriced for the quality and quantity. It was delivered in the time frame suggested, but was an hour for one small pizza. I wouldn't reorder simply because it was over $30 (delivery, but still) for one small pizza that didn't match my order.This place is awesome.  I am so excited to have found a place where I can get an entree-size salad with plenty of fresh ingredients.  We ordered the spinach salad with roasted red peppers, cranberries, goat cheese, very delicious pepper jelly vinaigrette and the chicken Caesar salad!  The salads are HUGE and all of the ingredients are super fresh.  We also ordered the market fresh wrap which we were too full to eat after the salads and complimentary hummus.  The hummus was delicious and I noticed that it was made locally in Covington.  I ate the wrap for lunch today and it is also, you guessed it, delicious, even after sitting lonely overnight.  Veggies with fresh mozz and light hummus in a nice thin wheat lavash wrap.
About a month ago I got a pizza delivered, and although I have an affinity for paper thin crust, I did like this pizza.  The crust has a medium thickness and dough-iness about it, and all of the ingredients were fresh and thinly sliced.  The sauce is what sold me since I'm not a huge fan of thick crusts.  I'm pretty picky when it comes to pizza, the only places I really love right now are Pizzicare and Nino's.
The staff is super friendly and I would say the only strange thing that struck me is the very small dining room.  I'm not sure if they are going to expand to have more space since they are just starting out.
PS I also heard the chicken Caeser salad was noms.Visiting New Orleans for the first time on our honeymoon, we found Magazine Pizza by accident.  Once we tried the pizza, we couldnt stay away.  We ate there 5 times in 8 days... it was fantastic!  Generous amounts of chunky toppings, flavourful ingredients, lots of cheese and a great crust.  Our favourites were the Farmers Market (consisting of so many kinds of vegetables including whole cloves of roasted garlic and bursting with flavour even non-vegetarians love it!) as well as the Grilled Shrimp pizza.  That one had bug chunks of shrimp (aka prawns) throughout. 
We also tried the strawberry cheesecake and it was amazing.
Service was always friendly; relaxing/casual atmosphere with a TV screen and tables to sit and enjoy. Wine and spirits also sold there.
I've never seen so many delivery drivers! They are busy and I can see why. This is one of our favourite places to eat in New Orleans, give it a try, you'll be so happy you did.I know NOLA is about Cajun/Creole food, but this place is a must visit. It's unique. You don't even have to visit there because they deliver, but their pizza is good.
We did the small grilled shrimp pizza, the baked mozzarella sticks, and the garlic cheese bread. The pizza was truthfully the best thing we ate.
It came with grilled shrimp, chunks of whole garlic, tomatoes, cheese on a thin crust dough and with a signature sauce and the flavor was fantastic. 
I wasn't fond of the garlic cheese bread, which was burnt, or the mozzarella sticks, which could have been my mistake by ordering them baked instead of fried. 
The atmosphere is neat. It's more of a deli atmosphere and it seemed like the air wasn't working because of the hot pizza ovens being on, but we didn't die in there. 
Staff was super friendly. They even brought us out a free pizza that was a mess-up that we ate as breakfast and lunch the next day, which, too, was amazing.We ordered delivery after the NBA All-Star game.  It's been a long weekend and we just wanted to have one last good meal before going home.  They delivered it in one hour.  To all of our surprise it was exceptionally good!  If ever back in town, we would definitely order again.Quite possibly the best pizza we've ever had. They were very generous with the cheese and toppings. It was so good, in fact, that the next day we bought slices for road trip home to College Station Texas along with a large "Macho Man" with cheese bread!Not only did our delivery take over an hour...from an 11 minute drive away from our house. The pizza was covered in grease, soggy, and taken out the back of our delivery driver's trunk who was apparently the manager. Highly suggest any pizza place other than this restaurant. Seriously had better pizza from Little Caesar's.Pretty good pizza. Crispy crust with a nice chewiness. Especially good for families doing the museums down the street. Not expensive and kid friendly menu. There's no "decor", a few tables and paper plates but who cares, in and out quick with real pizza. The marguerita pizza (which is a good standard to judge a joint by) had a ton of basil, tomatoes and other herbs and a nice garlicky sauce.First time ordering here and will the the last time. Got a small cheese and a large magazine supreme. They both were literally worse then frozen pizza from grocery store or gas station. 40 bucks plus tip I threw in trash. Do not eat here unless u have below standards for pizza.I found their menu in our hotel room and decided to take a chance, glad I did. I ordered the Mediteranian salad and chicken avocado wrap, they were delicious and arrived in about 30 minutes.  The salad was made with a spring mix (I think I tasted mint also) olives, walnuts, crumbled cheese and they put a slice of garlic bread that was perfectly toasted in the container.   The wrap was great, it came with fries but I forgot to ask for ketchup, and they didn't put any in the bag.  :(   Other than that, my experince was great, I ordered online, food delivered fairly quickly and didn't have to get out of my jammies!  I don't know what their peak times are, I ordered around 6pm Saturday.WOW! For 35$ you can get a tiny pizza and 3 pieces of lettuce on the side (you call that a salad?).
I feel as though they need to either up the sizes of their servings or drop their prices. Nobody likes a business that has 350% margins. 
All in all, I'm kind of a pH 7 for this place. The food is decent but stupidly overpriced. The only way I'll ever eat here again is if you pay.Quick and friendly delivery. Delicious pizza with fresh ingredients. A little on the pricey side, but worth it!Being new to the New Orleans area my husband and I had no clue where to order a good pizza. We decided on Magazine Pizza for a delivery and were very pleased. The cherry on top was the included condiments; ranch dressing, Parmesan cheese and crushed red peppers. Dipping pizza in ranch dressing is a very common occurrence in California and we are excited we found the pizza restaurant that embraces this as well! Thumbs up! We will be ordering the next time we have a pizza craving!Called for a delivery to my hotel room and was told no more than 45 minutes. 75 minutes later I call and am told that because it's raining, everything is running slow BUT I am next. TWO HOURS after I called -- I call again and start to tell them to just cancel my order but naturally the guy on the phone says it's on it's way. 15 minutes later -- cold pizza and an unapologetic delivery guy show up.
No offer to discount the price or bring along a little something extra to say "I'm sorry." Hand the delivery guy $30 (it was $24) and he leaves without asking if I want change.
Have no idea if the food was any good -- it was after midnight and I just tossed it and went to bed.
Don't bother unless you have a ton of time and aren't very hungry.Good customer service, fresh and quick delivery (even during the essence festival). Not the best pizza reheated (thats normally my tester). But I have no complaints about this company or their food. I ordered the magazine supreme. I would order here again.Just got to your hotel?   Feeling hungry, but tired from traveling and just need some yummy comfort food?  We asked the front desk person at our hotel who to call and she told us to call these guys, and so we did.   
Call these guys, no seriously, call them.
We ordered the veggie hot sandwich: "extra veggies, less cheese, please?"  response: "sure ma'am, no problem"              sweet!       The sandwich arrived and was busting out with veggies, super good.
We also ordered the garlic bread.  We wanted to make sure it was low sodium, and they certainly delivered.  It was not salty at all.  It's definitely not your average pizza hut garlic bread, I can't really describe what the difference is... more crispy?  yeah, I guess that'll have to do.    It was really good none the less, and the marinara sauce was not salty either.  
They quoted the delivery time as 30-45 minutes and I swear he was here in 20 minutes.  They even deliver to your door.  They do charge a delivery fee, it's not a lot.Ordered the Margherita Pizza for delivery and was not disappointed.  Very tasty, and Lots of cheese.  Box was Pretty greasy from the cheese, but its all good.  This meets my definition of a "real" pizza. Reminds me a lot of a good NYC pizza.  Delivery was quick.  Will be ordering from here more often.Their chicken and bacon calzone is amazing. Their delivery was really quick too! Food arrived good and hot. I wish there was one in Jacksonville Florida where I live because there were so many menu items I wanted to try. Next time I'm in town I will definitely come backBest gluten free pizza I have had yet. Pricey but definitely worth it. We had to have it two nights in a row. A must try!I live walking distance from this spot -- and it's my go-to pizza joint.  It's absolutely delicious. The ingredients taste fresh, they prepare them quickly; always hot and served with a side of home-made RANCH every time.  Quality, classic-style pizza. They also have gluten-free options for your weird friends. The owner and staff are super friendly and loooove their pizzas. Try the HOT MAMA, spicy/sweet delicious goodness. Go eat here.Whoa yum yum! I got the aphrodisiac delivered and it was delicious! The toppings perfectly roasted, whole cloves of garlic, dried chilies and the packets and sauces on the side were a lovely touch. Definitely would order again!Ordered delivery and was 1hr 15 min wait on a Tuesday. Pizza was lukewarm and similar to dominos. Thin crust was identical to regular crust. Delivery guy called 3 times in 2 minutes and seemed confused. Told us to meet him outside and couldn't put tip on credit card. Chicken fingers and fries were pricey and not as good as out of my freezer. Coupon said it would be automatically added with free dessert - we received no dessert. Will not be ordering again.Go there, get the hangover pizza and maybe get two because you'll eat it. But be sure to save room for the cheesecake. Trust me it's worth it.Didn't actually step into this place, but we did order delivery from here.
We had the grilled chicken pizza and it was so good. It's a veggie pizza topped with chunks of chicken. The best part is the HUGE pieces of roasted garlic. I LOVE garlic, so it was awesome finding yummy pieces of garlic buried under mounds of cheese and other toppings. Speaking of cheese, there was tons of it. Magazine Pizza does not skimp at all. I will definitely be trying other pies from this place!I could overlook the ridiculously long wait time and the cold pizza, but I cannot overlook the unbelievably bad and rude service we got. 
We ordered delivery and after waiting 90 minutes, I called to see what was up. THREE TIMES, they hung up on me. First they said it was on the way and hung up on me. Then they put me on hold and never came back. Then they made up a a lie about how they'd been trying to call me (I had gotten calls from other people, but not from them) and HUNG UP ON ME AGAIN. 
Finally, they delivered our old cold pizzas. I sent them back and called for a refund. They hung up on me A THIRD TIME. At this point, I was at the end of my patience. My toddler had to eat a banana and a cereal bar for dinner and I had to drive out to the restaurant for my refund.
When I told the woman at the restaurant what happened, she simply said "Okay." I asked if she cared at all and she said "We already apologized." But nobody ever apologized. In fact, they did the opposite and got ruder every time I spoke to them. I made a scene and got my refund. 
I then contacted the owner on facebook and was told not to order from them again. He insists that they tried to call me and will not even address the fact they repeatedly hung up on me. You will see when you read other reviews here that they have told this lie before. Magazine Pizza is a terrible business owned by a terrible man. They are a disgrace to this city.I've eaten pizza and other things here a few times, but never actually eaten at the establishment. I absolutely love their Hot Mama pizza, and today I tried the Spinach and Artichoke pizza. It stole the show; I don't know which I like better! I think the Blanco looks amazing and it is next on my list to try. Also (and don't ask why I know this) the chicken strips are pretty fantastic, too.
The only downside I've experienced is the wait time for delivery. They estimate an hour for delivery, and my delivery has always been more than an hour wait. Now I know to allot for more than an hour if I'm going to order from them.Great food and friendly phone staff. But the delivery driver did not bring part of our order, so we called back to ask for them to bring it. He brought it back and instead of coming up to our room he had the front desk call our room to make us come down to retrieve the rest of our order. We also asked for them to bring plates and utensils and that was not brought with the rest of our order.I ordered a pizza with pepperoni and mushrooms and also got the garlic sauce. The pizza was good, though I wish it had more pepperoni and mushrooms on it and the garlic sauce was good as well - not too oily. The only bummer was that it didn't arrive piping hot so I ended up having to eat a few pieces cold. They did, however, honor my Yelp coupon for a free drink with purchase and gave me two free cans of Coke with my delivery order.Delivered to our hotel in 1 hour, online estimate was 60-90 mins so that was nice. Food was good, but VERY overpriced. I guess you pay for the convenience? Probably should've walked there instead in was a less than 5 minute walk away.Tops on my go to for ordering in. The variety on the menu makes it impossible to not want to try something new every time you order. And their delivery people are FAST! My current favorite is the gyro meat on a pizza. Brilliant! The prices are great. The food is excellent. If I had more than two thumbs, they would all be up for this place.I work a few blocks from Magazine Pizza, and one day I decided to get some pizza delivered from them.  I ordered a small Macho Man Pizza, and it was so much meat on it, it was falling of the slices every time I lifted one up to eat.  It was so good, that I ended up ordering another to take home.  Needless to say, I am hooked on their pizzas.  They always deliver pretty fast, and it is hot and delicious as usual.  I highly recommend.Service was great. Mel rocks! Pizza was even better. "Macho Man" is where it's at yahurd!I have eaten at this place twice. Both times I got a large pizza with the meats, a Large Caesar Salad and we got the cheesebread. Everything was delicious. The only knock on this place is the location and the prices are steep but that is to be expected in the CBD. 
From the looks of other reviews their Delivery service must be complete garbage. So I wouldn't bother ordering delivery from here. I picked up my order both times so I don't have any comment on the delivery procedures. And the food itself was fantastic.The girl behind the counter greeted us immediately entering the establishment. Offered us menus. Was patient about questions we had. The food (L Magazine Supreme & S Lagniappe & cheese bread ) took 15 to prepare. We went around midnight they close at 2am. Pizza was the best I've had in a while. Hot fresh. Ingredients tasted fresh and it was sooooo cheesy. Perfect crust. Very relaxing atmosphere. Plus they deliver. I want to try every pizza now.So many creative pizza options! The Aphrodisiac is my personal favorite. The guys who run it are great, too!I love my extra cheese pizza, but this restaurant and its artisanal offerings was enough to satisfy me and my friend. They also automatically provide ranch. Final star...it's a Coke restaurant!Our favorite splurge/hangover delivery pizza!! When they get it right, they get it RIGHT! There has only been one or two times where we got a dud pizza, but for the most part, it's legit and we rave about it. Love the ranch dip that comes with the pizza.While on vacation we ordered two pizzas and a spinach artichoke dip from here. First, the food was supposed to be delivered in 45 minutes but it ended up not arriving for 1 hour 15 minutes. Second, the delivery driver was a jerk (and I hadn't even complained about anything). Third, the pizza was over cooked. The crust was hard. The pizza tasted ok (average). I think we would have been better off just calling Domino's or Pizza Hut.Magazine Pizza is my new favorite pizza place! Their buffalo wings are delicious, and so far, all the different pizzas have been excellent. The farmer's market pizza has roasted zucchini and other veggies, the cheese pizza is FULL of cheese, and the Supreme had THE best tomato sauce I have ever tasted on pizza. Online ordering is fast and convenient, and delivery is usually at my door in less than an hour.What a treat this was! As a visiting vegetarian i found it VERY difficult to find food in the French Quarter that I could eat. Not only did this place have a wealth of choices which were easily customizable but they delivered too. What a great experience and the food is delicious! The Farmers Market pizza with gluten crust was truly good; probably one of the best pizzas I have ever had. The spinach salad was crisp and refreshing and then there's the OMGcalzone; simply wow. Well done guys!I've walked by this place many times and the decor is minimal so I wouldn't generally recommend dining in.  You go to Magazine Pizza when you need something delivered and I have to say the Supreme pizza was pretty good.  I haven't heard great things about the sandwiches but the pizza is definitely one of the best options (along with Reginelli's) for delivery in the LGD.  It's certainly not the best ever, but definitely an A-OK place that is worth an occasional order for delivery.We ordered pepperoni pizzas tonight and they were sooo good! I love that ranch dressing was added and it is the best ranch I've had in a long time. I have four super picky kiddos that loved the pizza tonight. Delivery was pretty quick and they were open on a holiday--July 4, so that was also great!I literally just got on my iPad to write this review after eating my delivery. While vacationing in NO from Baltimore, I needed some lunch after putting my daughter down for a nap. The receptionist was helpful, patient and courteous. The food was delivered on time, the deliverer was pleasant and most important of all, my pizza hit the spot.  While the wings were only average, it wasn't that big of a deal.Hands down the best pizza in New Orleans, and Madison Blome agrees!
Lagniappe, Chicken Pesto, the Hangover, the Philly and the Hot Mama are the five best pizzas I've ever had :)Great pizza! The cheese is so yummy and so  much of it. The hot mama is super spicy yumm. Really quick for pick up on the way home from CBd. Accommodating and friendly  staff.Visiting NOLA for a conference. I didn't feel like going out to eat so I ordered from Magazine Pizza. They said it would be 45 minutes but it got to me in 30! The delivery girl was super nice. The pizza was hot and so yummy! If you're ever staying at the Hilton Riverside and want pizza, don't order from Domino's or Pappa John's. Order from Magazine Pizza. You won't be disappointed...I wasn't.We ordered large grilled chicken, lg farmer's mkt veggie, lg pepperoni plus a chicken avocado wrap that came with fries. Total $65. They said 45 minutes it was delivered in 30 minutes. ..very nice delivery girl. Pizza delicious, nice sized fed 9 of us with left-overs.I am a frequent customer at the CBD location (it's close to work), and tonight I have ordered delivery from the Mid-City store. I was injured during a parade I was marching in last night and anything requiring 2 hands (like preparing dinner) is impossible.  It's Halloween,and they told me my food would be here in 45 min.  That, in itself is awesome.  You guys ROCK!  I am kinda fussy when it comes to pizza, and this is quite good IMHO!  Have also had their BBQ shrimp poorboy, and a house salad with the BBQ shrimp.  REALLY  GOOD, and love being able to get shrimp that is not fried.  Mange!!!!
My pizza arrived right on time, and it was still HOT! You have saved Halloween for me, at least a little bit. Thank YouAnyone can place a plethora of toppings on a pizza pie an bake it. People love pizza not only for the variety of toppings but a good crunchy crust, that is what makes one pizza stand above others. Magazine pizza offers that  sought after delicious and crunchy crust. No matter what, however, one has to eat this pizza in house rather than delivered, to obtain the ultimate pizza experience. I go to Magazine pizza and eat when I want to savor a good pizza. Others are only for those times when I'm very hungry!I have to update my previous review to say two most important things.
One:  last night i ordered and dined on another MachoMan Pizza, their version of the classic "meat" pie.  Although the sausage is excellent, i am not a fan of anise at all and have learned to omit the italian sausage from the pizza, i have discovered that by the Lords of all good taste Magazine has zero problem taking that ingredient hole and filing it with extra bacon for but a quest.  I have previously said that the za was fine if not artisan, but in the time since i typed that first some grand lesson has been learned because as of last night such is no longer so true.  And not like corporate branding (ahem dominos and ahem tostitos and ahem et al ahem ahem) artisan, but really fucking delicious and textural and flavors that communicate wordless ascensions of bliss amongst the gnash and tear of tooth and pull and suck of (real) molten cheese: elastic and lovely and fully alive like an obese orgasm- napkins necessary not because you're a sloppy bastard (which i am) but because the loving in your mouth makes you sweat, breathless, chewing at first haphazard and without fear of danger simply and only because you just cant goddamned wait to tell someone, anyone, just how fucking delicious the amalgamous but still incredibly macro/micro tactil-acious in its individual taste three-dimensional flavor profile.  Crispy bacon, Chisesi's ham cubed and crisped with good fat, pepperoni with a small(ish) fat content so the meat remains monument in the sea of cheese (queue bassline), and even the dense if bready-centered crust is crisp (buttered?) along the edge of its world, a worthy beach for such a sea.  Nola still has a long way to go no matter what your opine of the za whine might be (sorry Pizza Delicious), but at least when i stick one of the these Imperial SSDs between my teeth, i am rewarded both in the (eventuality of) my belly, and in FEELING the REALITY (as tony of the neighborhood would say) IN MY MOUTH.  
"it's food.  It's really food!"
Two:  do you love a caesar salad?  I do.  This one is good, no stupid secret ingredients, not too much fish, not too little, and the croutons are grand and hard to hold up to delivery specs, and it comes in a tight large plastic clamshell that seals.  So you can shake shake your body (and salad).Visited New Orleans last week and checked Yelp for recommendations of pizza places that deliver, and decided on Magazine Pizza. Reviews indicated delivery took a while so I ordered just over 1 hour ahead of time. Still, it took 1 hour and 45 minutes for delivery. That's unacceptable. It's a pizza, not a 5-course meal. And it was just ok, nothing exceptional. Because of all that, I'm only giving it 2 stars. 
Get it together, people. It's not rocket science.Wow. the Margherita Pizza was SO good! Fresh not super heavy or greasy. I'm a fan now and will make a point to get it every time I'm in town.Just amazing! They deliver to the Rusty Nail and it is perfect! The pizza is really good. We had the macho man and the farmer's market which I would recommend.Ordered a pizza for delivery. Was told it would be 40 minutes. I called after an hour and was told it was on its way. After 1 1/2 hours...still no pizza and called again...was told pizza was on its way. No offer of apology or explanation, I was only pressured to decide if I still wanted it..I can't imagine how cold it would have been. Horrible service.Don't order from here. They will confirm your order, charge your card and never deliver. So messed up. And to make things worse, they won't answer their phone.Ordered delivery home, was fast, honey mustard souse is just Delicious !
Cheesecake is MUST to try, don't remember having something that tasty for a very long time!!!good pizza !!!!  rally tasty   -  close to WW 2 museumBest pizza in downtown Nola. Always ask for d livery time estimates but pickup is simple and quickThree hours for what, I'm pretty sure, was frozen pizza. They said it would be about an hour, when it got close to 2 I called. They said the driver just left with it, put me on hold. Came back and said that he's leaving now and it will be here shortly. 30 min later, driver calls and asks my address. Really?! Never. Again.We ordered delivery while visiting NOLA. We didn't want to go out, so we decided on delivery...only when I called to order, I specifically asked if they delivered to us. The hostess said yes after I gave her our address. It was relieving because all the other places did not deliver to us. So we ordered. About 10 minutes after I placed the order, I get a call from the hostess stating that they do not actually deliver out to us. Great.... she said because they had started the order already, they'd deliver to us this one time. I said cool, thanks and hung up but I was very irritated. I specifically asked before placing the order, so that's on you lady! 
Wings and pizza were good/average.My boyfriend and I have ordered about 8 Magazine Pizza pizzas since we discovered this place about 2 months ago, and I am in love! They have a GREAT selection of toppings for a very reasonable price. 
I'm a vegetarian, so I get tired of the same old shit: tasteless black olives & mushrooms, and onions. Magazine pizza puts caramelized onions, roasted garlic, spinach, etc. etc. on their veggie pizza! Yum!Erick B
Great pizza and nice dining atmosphere.   Find this pizza parlor when we were in the area looking for something to eat.  Walk in and was greeted by a warm, friendly, helpful staff.  We got the large veggie pizza and it was great, the crust made me just want to dip it in a sauce and eat it by itself.   We will be back on our next trip this summer.OMG! Best pizza EVER! Seriously, I eat pizza at least once a week, from all different places, so I know good pizza. I got the thin crust custom, with pepperoni, mushroom, bacon, and red onion and it was perfect! Just the right amount of cheese for a thin crust, and perfect amount of parm. Yum! Delivery in only an hour, to the French Quarter, so that's pretty good, especially in the horrible thunderstorms we are having today. I would definitely order from these guys again.Visited from San Antonio in June 2015, party of 6 . Ordered individual pizzas and a couple of sandwiches. ALL were delicious.  
Only complaint- the inside of the restaurant is SUPER hot. We were all sweaty and red in the face by the time we left. 
But the pizzas and sandwiches were awesome.I feel like all delivery places short you on certain things but damn- I order a salad chicken strips and fries and you guys give me one tiny a** thing of ranch and one ketchup packet. I was nice as hell on the 'special comments' asking to please remember to add the sauce  (AND PAYING)  for extra because  I'm CONSTANTLY shorted. Aggravating now I have to ration this Barbie sized ranch and not order from yall again I gave him a good tip too. UghGot the magazine supreme. The small is a little too small I think, but the pizza itself is fantastic, great cheese and fresh ingredients. Turtle cheesecake was also really good. We had it delivered, we weren't feeling so good so had to cancel dinner....they were took less than 45 mins! :)We ordered the Aphrodisiac Mozzarella, fresh basil, fresh mozzarella, cilantro, artichoke, pineapple, chili pepper, roasted garlic, light tomato sauce. We added chicken and jalapeños. The chilli peppers were like plastic and didn't offer any flavoring. The $17, 14" large (looked more like a medium when arrived) pizza was dry, barely warm, and had no taste at all other than the jalapeños we added. The light marinara sauce doesn't mean light in calories it means they use barely use any at all.  The light marinara sauce doesn't mean light in calories it means they use barely use any at all. 60 plus minute wait. If you like bland this is the pizza for you. The cost was $31 and some change which included a 2$ delivery fee and $5 time of order tip. Which wouldn't deliver to our hotel room after I confirmed with the hotel they would be able to go to our room.Ordered pizza, cheese sticks, and cheesecake our first night in NOLA. The pizza was so good that my 7 year old begged me for it again the next night. My Mom was in love with the cheesecake and I loved the cheese sticks.So far, disappointed.
Ordered on line over an hour ago, still no pizza.
I called 45 minutes in and was given the excuse that "sometimes the printer doesn't print the order". She apologized but that doesn't make the experience much better. 
So my recommendation is, if you order any way other than calling it in, CALL and verify they got your order.Forgot to update sooner, found the catsup inside the container under a mound of fries.   I only ate a few so I didn't see it until I threw the food out the next day.  So perfect experience!!I'd give it 10 stars or even, 100 stars!! Best gluten free crust I've ever had and the pizza is amazing and so is the service. They let me read the crust ingredients as I have other allergies. I'm in heaven, this is it.I just got in town and they were listed in the hotel directory so I gave'em a try.  I ordered a philly sandwich and chicken wings.  The sandwich was not impressive and the wings were okay.  Hope the pizza is better than what I tried.Good pizza but the hidden gems are the salads! Go with a friend and split a pizza and salad....GREAT LUNCH!I've had pizza all over the country and THIS pizza was terrible! Worse meal I've had in New Orleans. Whoever rated this pizza as #1 need to be tarred and feather in Jackson Square. 
They need to surrender their recipes and ingredients just like Napoleon did. I've smelled better dough in my daughters diaper.
$12 for a small (6 personal pan size slices), was cold, crust was disgusting, and sauce taste like two year old baby food. This was an insult to all frozen pizzas.  Only thing worse then this pizza is that I might have to give it one star to complete this review.
They should be kicked out of NOLA for this.Wow, found this place located in convenient Warehouse location.  Walking distance from many areas and transportation.  Ate in a few times and ordered out several times.
Gluten free is a big draw for our family and service and people were great.
Give it a try.Magazine Pizza has won my heart as my favourite uptown delivery pizza place. I've ordered from them several times, and their pizzas have been a hit both at work and with friends. I have ordered online and delivery typically takes between 45min-1hr. Large delivery area.
Their pies are a bit on the greasy side for me, but otherwise great selection of ingredients, very easy online ordering (including substitutions). A little on the pricey side compared to other pizza places in the area.Its definitely in a weird location, but I really like this place. I have only had the pizza but if everything else on the menu is like the pizza, you're in for a treat. The place itself looks like the owners didn't intend for people to eat in because there isn't much decor and there's no table service. Magazine Pizza is my new go-to for neighborhood take out.I eat here a couple times a week..tbe pizza is always great..its always hot and yummy when it gets to my house!!!We were in town from Indiana and took a chance on this place. The pizza was very good. I also had a salad with a pepper jelly dressing. It was made in house and was delicious. The BBQ chicken pizza was very good.Love this place! Food is great and service is absolutely wonderful. This place is my favorite restuarant to go to in the area. 10/10 will come here again!!! :)Amazing local Pizza place. They accommodated our group of 12 with 6 pizzas within 30 mins. They gave us plates, napkins and condiments to have a picnic in the park. The owner even go gave us 2 pizzas at half price since we purchased several.The quality is terrible. Mt chicken literally tasted like floral soap. They treat their employees like garbage. They litter their menus all over the city. Do yourself a favor and avoid this place.We ordered take out & it was pretty good. The guy over the phone was extremely nice when I called and checked on my order! We haven't dined in, so I'm not sure how the service is. 
The crust is the best part about the pizza! The crust with their ranch dressing is great! The pizza itself was good. It just wasn't having that wow factor. The breadsticks are pretty good! The hot wings aren't really hot & the color threw us off, but you do get a lot of wings! 
All & all, if you're looking for a late night pizza, this is the place to go!It is a lovely place to dine. Very clean and the servers are really nice. I get the hangover pizza every time. And its so good. The pizza isn't doughy but a very nice blend. I recommend this for late night eats as they close at 12am. Overall 5 starsOMG!!! We were starving after Voodoo Fest when we finally got back to our hotel room. I asked the concierge what good pizza places were in the area. She handed me a to go menu for Magazine Pizza and we placed an order for delivery. Less than an hour later, they brought us a bag of the most wonderful hot food right to our hotel room door. The chicken fingers were hot and delicious. The honey BBQ sauce was the shizz! We ordered two Philly cheesesteak sandwiches that were AMAZING!!! If we knew how big those sandwiches were we would have ordered only one. Huge portion! I will definitely order from them again. :)Room temperature pizza and a forgotten beverage. 
Magazine Pizza started with 1 star for delivery taking double the time that was anticipated on the delivery service site. (Read the countless reviews noting lousy and consistently long delivery times before ordering.) 
When I called to check-in on my order status the gal who answered the phone was very friendly and told me that the pizza was on the way and that they were swamped, which was understandable. I was optimistic that the pizza would be worth the wait and her being very apologetic helped. The delivery guy arrived and was nice. But they forgot the drink. One of the two items ordered was forgotten and honestly, my husband was so angry he didn't even want the pizza anymore. I tried it, nothing to rave about. It would probably be good enough for a late night snack if it was hot or I was drunk; but I am very disappointed in this experience and would not recommended ordering from this establishment.
**Update they came back and brought the drink so I have updated my review to reflect that.**Ranch dressing compliments was New Orleans calls pizza very well!  The small pizza is very filling. I got the farmers pizza and the veggies tasted very fresh.  My buddy had the philly pizza and also enjoyed his.  I got both pizzas delivered and the box kept the pizza piping hot and got to my place on about 20 min.  Nice bang for your buck I'm a fan.  Not 5 stars because I'm from new York and this isn't pizza ;).This pizza was amazing !!!!!!!!!! The ingredients where fresh! I ordered there equivalent to a meat lovers and let me tell you the cheese literally embodied the pepperoni and spoke sweet nothings to the bacon and then add on the red pepper flakes to really get the party going. If you love pizza then this is the place to go the price is worth it and honestly it's not even expensive. You get what you pay for and that is good pizza. Great job guys kudos to the cook.We ordered the Supreme Pizza and the cheesy garlic bread. It was delicious! Veggies were fresh and flavorful and the crust was very tasty! I've been living in Eastern Canada for 2 years (they just don't know good pizza there) and I was so happy to get a taste of the good stuff while exploring NOLA. We went for lunch and we will be ordering it for dinner!We were visiting NOLA from Brooklyn and my husband said that it's comparible to NYC pizza. That's a compliment!In town for lengthy work, and my co-workers said this place delivered to my hotel, so, being sick and bedridden, I ordered. It took 1 hour and 22 minutes, along with a very confused phone call (on their end) to get my food, and I'm 1/2 mile from their store. No offer to knock a buck or two off, nor any coupon of the sort. Hot stuff was only luke-warm and basic at best. I believe the delivery guy would've left the food in the lobby had I not told the front desk to send him up. Poor service. If you're as busy as you claim then hire more people. Customer service should be more important to a business. Never ordering from again.First, I called about five different times, to both of their listed numbers, from two different phones and never got an answer. The manager swore up and down he had no clue how that could've happened, so okay whatever. I had to order at the place and wait for my food which prolonged everything. I got the lagniappe pizza and breadsticks. The pizza is supposed to come with shrimp and crawfish on it. The pizza tasted good but it was extremely greasy. Shrimp was few and far between and I never tasted crawfish on any slice I had. The breadsticks barely had any flavor. It was nice to try something new but the pizza isn't at all worth the price (large for $20)Best pizza, love margarita pizza.  They sell beer too :) get the market fresh salads, they put awesome stuff like pumpkin seeds, feta cheese, olives, avocado.  Sandwiches are humongous, owner is friendly.  They grow basil and oregano fresh to put on the food.  Great to pick up on the way home from work for the family.  You'll never be disappointed, huge menu.The pizza is pretty good, but my issue is with the service. Once I called because I had accidentally ordered a small instead of a large and was told they couldn't do anything about it. I literally had to speak to a manager to fix that. Another annoying thing is they ask me EVERY TIME I ORDER to meet them in the lobby of my apartment complex instead of bringing it to my door. The problem is I live in a huge complex so I would literally have to get in my car to meet them. If I was going to do that, I would just drive over to the restaurant to pick it up and save myself the delivery charge. Also, they will give you an approximate deliver time. Not once has this ever been right. It's always longer, no matter what time of day you order. As you can tell, I've ordered multiple times. The pizza is good, but the service is severely lacking. If you can handle the annoyance of that, you may not be as unimpressed as me.After days of overpriced food, Magazine Pizza was a God Send! I had the Philly and it was awesome. My wife had the Grilled Chicken Ceasar as a salad, and said it was pretty good. I definitely recommend the Philly.Ordered their margherita pizza to my apartment the other night and I was not dissapointed!! The pizza arrived super fast, was reasonably priced, and tasted phenomenal. Will order again!Don't think I've ever had pizza as horrible as this was.  Soggy crust, bitter, bitter sauce, otherwise tasteless. Cheesy Bread Sticks were merely the above soggy pizza dough with cheese on it. Memorable, yes, a good memory? Absolutely not!We ordered in from our Hotel on a Saturday, and the delivery time estimate was 90mins. It did take that long, but the food arrived right to our room and quite hot, especially on a chilly night outside. Thank you! 
The pizza and the breadsticks were pretty. Wouldn't mind ordering but would have to plan ahead since the delivery wait time is longUmmm... I've been here a bunch and never reviewed? Weird.
Y'all know I love pizza so I'm all about the local pizza places. This spot has some interesting specialty pizzas that are tasty with fresh toppings. The crust is medium thickness but not too chewy. Love the grilled shrimp and the spinach artichoke. I'm also a big fan of the mango-cado salad. 
I've always picked up my pizzas... I may be outside of their delivery area.... or maybe not. I figure if I'm getting a pizza at least I can go fetch it myself. The staff in the shop is personable but not necessarily your standard service industry interaction. I once got into a totally ridiculous (and fun) argument with the counter staff about Madonna... because a song of hers was playing. Good times.
The dine in portion of the restaurant is small but serviceable. 
Great now I want pizza at 9:30am.We ordered the large pizza from this restaurant late in the night. The pizza was super small and the two of us split it but we both got stomachaches. Overall the experience was pretty poor but if you're ordering a pizza and midnight and you don't care about your health, this is the place.Got to-go to be delivered at work today. I ordered cheesy garlic bread over the phone and the spinach salad. When the order got here, it wasn't the cheesy garlic but just the bread sticks (luckily I wasn't charged) and they were burned. As in, hard everywhere, black in some places, and completely inedible. The salad seems relatively fresh and the delivery guy was nice. I won't bother ordering from them again though. When I spend 20 bucks (including tip) for a salad and some cheese bread, I want to be able to eat it, ya know?The best pizza in New Orleans! Love love love this place and they have a lot of other delicious things on the menu. Try it, love it, and you'll order once a week at least!excellent pizza, despite it not being what I ordered lol. The wait for delivery is pretty standard, about 60 mins but I'm grateful they even deliver to my location so hey, thanks."Grease is the word, is the word...."    Sometimes, this is exactly the type of pie you crave.  Chewy thin crust that's getting a good dosing of fat/oil from the toppings, easily foldable, value priced, and most of all, because they are the only ones that deliver to your neighborhood.
In what used to be a crappy pizza town, now there is a gaggle of excellent choices.  I ordered online and the pie was delivered in less than 45 minutes, all the way uptown from the CBD, and the box contained two shaker packets of cheese and a ramekin of ranch.  WTH?
The pie was satisfactory in every realm (for me, at the time) and would be a great conclusion to a New Orleans night resulting in an abundance of alcohol consumption.
I'm pretty sure I used to go get pizza at this location years ago, but I think (don't quote me) it was called Warehouse Pizza at the time. Or maybe not.
Magazine Pizza, I am betting, is a great choice for hotel delivery in the Quarter / CBD.I'm not going to tell you how often we order magazine pizza because that would be embarrassing. It's delicious! First off, they deliver. It can take around an hour but it's worth it! Secondly, you can order online (for some reason this is always a plus for me). Third, their pizza is really good. I love the margherita pizza and the spinach salad! So.good.  I've never had a bad experience with magazine pizza and anytime I'm feeling lazy it's generally my go to.ick. I got a gluten free pizza and their crush was mushy- it was half philly cheese steak and half margarita. both were horrible...i won't be going back here :(Last time we ordered they brought us a cold pizza, a cold sub and a melted cheesecake more than an hour and a half after ordering. This time they forgot the pizza and forgot the side sauce...finally brought the pizza and the wrong side sauce. Won't be ordering again.Cute little pizza dive! I get to the counter and the girl at the register couldn't look anymore like she didn't want to be there. She was literally 
grudgingly working... I mean slumped over, head down, COULD NOT BE BOTHERED. I could barely hear her. Just terrible. 
OK SO, I understand people have bad days... BUT even if you are having a rough day, just crack a smile and try your best to make people feel welcome. 
THE FOOD WAS SUPER GOOD though!!! I got a grilled chicken sandwich and a small Caesar salad. I'll be back to try the pizza but give that girl a coffee and a smile!Pretty solid pizza. The sandwiches are so-so, as their ingredients are limited (although they are huge and cheap and come with fries). The pizza is definitely the best part- good dough, reasonably priced and they don't skimp on toppings. The other thing worth eating is the OMG-Calzone- basically a dessert calzone with fruit and nutella instead of sauce and cheese. Delicious. Also they/re open pretty late.
Overall: pretty good for what it costs. 
Side note: I'd order, don't dine-in. While the drivers are nice enough, the cashiers seem indifferent and sometimes rude.In town for the All Star game and didn't feel like leaving my hotel to eat, so I looked up pizza delivery places.. And I'm so glad the other place wasn't answering their phone! 
They told me to be prepared for a long wait because they were busy and traffic may be an issue, but it came pretty quick! So A+ for delivery! 
The pizza itself was so good.. Got the Macho Man (basically a meat lovers).. It was cooked perfect, great spread of toppings.. The only thing wrong was that I ate too much!! Haha
If I lived in the area, I would make this my spot.. But I'll just have to remember if I'm in need of pizza delivery in Nawlins again!Not bad! We stopped by here after visiting the WWII museum. I had the Farmers Market pizza without cheese and butter.  It was okay. The artichokes were kinda bitter so I had to take them off and when I did it took off half the veggies. So my pizza was kinda boring. And there was no sauce on it. Like hardly any at all. My defiance asked me how the sauce was and I was like what sauce!? Not sure what the deal is...every pizza place does this when I hold the cheese. They barely sauce the pizza. It's so odd. 
The fiancé got a philly sandwich and his words were: pretty solid sandwich. Fries were fries. 
Limited seating inside.This my second visit to this place. Both times I dined in. I gotta admit, in the second visit I remember why I didn't want to come back here.
First, the prices. Gees man, I would think ordering an "appetizer" shouldn't cost $10.97 plus a $2.00 tip. I understand they need to make a profit but the tell tale signs are obvious when the cashier puts her head down and is actually waiting on people coming in. 
Second, portion sizes. The chicken strip "appetizer" was average at best when it came to taste. I was surprised by the portion sizes on both visits. Lots of fries with the chicken strips or burger.
They have one size for their fountain drinks, small. I mean for $2.00 before tax, you would think they would give you different sizes.
Yet, I still haven't tried their pizza for one reason. They don't sell slices. Before anybody raises hell, I don't care why they don't. If they did this, I would more than likely try their pizza without committing to order a whole one regardless of their sizes. But then again, the slice might be severely marked up, just like everything in this joint.
This place is just here for the sake of it. Pizza might be great but their prices aren't.In town for the Labor Day weekend celebrating our family's annual reunion. After a long day of activities,  we got back to the hotel pretty late. Got the number to Magazine Pizza from the "tourist table" in the lobby. Given that we decided to order a pizza at 1am, our expectations were not the best. But a masterpiece was delivered. The margherita pizza was phenomenal!  Hot, fresh, and tasty. We devoured it. Great job you guysI love magazine pizza! The crust is thick and luscious and the cheese and sauce always taste amazing. To make it even better, they serve every pizza with AMAZING homemade ranch sauce. AMAZING. Delivery is always fast and the delivery boys are always very nice. Try the chicken bacon pizza! Won't be let down! One of the best places to get pizza in NOLA.Always delicious, really great menu selection. Delivery guys are always friendly and polite and pretty quick too!!!Did not have a chance to try the food, called for delivery and they answered said they did not have a driver and we're too busy and hung up on me.  I called back for carry out twice and they are not answering the phone.  Guessing the food is good but I will never know.This place came highly recommended, so I tried the same day. They did not disappoint!! The cheesy was nice and gooey, the toppings were of a very high quality, and the service was very professional and personal!! I will definitely be returning!!This place is a good place to keep in your back pocket. One, their delivery range is pretty good. Two, There pizza was good. It was a little more on the saucy side how I like it and closer to a New York Style Pizza. I enjoyed the pizza, it was a good pizza but it really didn't have a wow factor to it. I judge all pizza places using a pepperoni and black olives pizza. Mainly for cheese, topping coverage and freshness of black olives. There wings were nothing special. A good appetizer except for that they came after the pizza. But in the end they were just as good as any store bought wings.We were in town visiting the WWII Museum and neither of the onsite dining options appealed to our family.  We were very happy to find this place on Yelp right down the street.  The people were friendly, the restaurant was clean, the prices were reasonable, the selection was extensive and our order was out much more quickly than we expected.  We ordered a Large Macho Man Pizza and it was enough for a light lunch for 2 adults, 2 teens and 1 child.  Everyone loved the pizza!Absolutely delish. Best pizza in town! We eat here all the time and the kids love it. We normally get the macho man and hot mama. The salads and sandwiches are good too!The pizza was okay. It was a little too cheesy for my taste because the cheese was super thick. I also wish that there was more pizza sauce. All in all it was not bad pizza. I ordered it kind of late so it hit the spot for the time being. Also I ordered delivery and they forgot the caesar salad in my order which was a big bummer. I would order from Magazine Pizza again but not before exploring all of my options.So, it was in the midst of Jazz Fest, and every place we called at 10pm said that they were booked solid until closing at midnight, and they weren't taking any walk-ins.
That said, from our hotel we called Magazine Pizza and ordered a "Philly" pizza and "Magazine" salad w/ the dressing on the side.  
The salad exceeded all expectations, and was truly delicious with a generous amount of avocado and all but one of the other toppings; the only topping I would have liked more of was the goat cheese --- but, it was still an excellent salad nonetheless.
The pizza was very tasty.   The crust was on the thin-side, just the way we like it.   It would have been better if they had cooked it a bit longer to make the crust crispier, but I find this is a common problem with a lot of pizza places.   The cheese was of a good quality, and the pizza was not greasy.      
If you are looking for a pizza and a salad delivered to your hotel room, I think you will be pleasantly surprised with the quality of this place.Visiting from California and had a hankering for pizza, this was the closest place and I'm glad. The pizza was delicious, it tasted fresh, got here twenty minutes early and, the deliver guy was a sweetheart. 
A+ guys, keep it up!Unfortunately it took over 75+ minutes to have our pizza delivered to our hotel which is less than 1 mile away.Not For Me. The pizzas will satisfy anyone into doughy chain fare, and even though the toppings were decent quality, this is the sort of mediocre stuff that diminishes the idea of what pizza can be.We were being the laziest of the lazy and decided to order in pizza, rather than explore the wonders of NOLA.  But it was probably one of the best decisions we made that weekend.  We were staying at the Hilton, so expected the delivery to be slow/burdensome/not as good as a sit down restaurant (+ all the other delivery qualms), but it was completely the opposite!
Ordering through Yelp was super easy.  I called right after to see if they had received the order and they said they were already working on our order.  I was again being the fatty I am and ordered over $100 worth of menu items and thought it would take at least an hour, but everything surprisingly arrived pipping hot within 45 minutes.  When the driver arrived, I received a phone call letting me know that the driver was downstairs where the Valet was.  Super easy.
On to the food.  I would surprisingly recommend the avocado chicken sandwich if you want something other than pizza.  And of course for those meat lovers out there, the Macho-man pizza.  Best meat pizza I've had in a while because it wasnt TOO overpowering with meat.  Crust seemed freshly made and it wasnt too crispy.  (Also, as a side note, that was the fanciest Chicken caesar salad I have ever have delivered to me...good job Magazine Pizza)Food was great and they delivered through an extremely busy Nola night.  It was so busy we didn't want to go out.  The delivery took 90 minutes to the hotel but that was very reasonable considering how busy it was. The portion sizes were very large.  My 15 year old son couldn't even finish his calzone and that's saying something.  I would recommend this place for sure.This place has saved me so many times being open so late!! I love love  love the Hot mama pizza! Sweet and spicy and yummers all over. Otherwise if you're craving meat the macho man is loaded with a variety of delicious meats.
The deliveries are usually pretty quick but I usually walk over and grab a cold beer while i wait.Fantastic Pizza and the two-fer price if you pick it up yourself is a sweet deal too!Chicken pesto pizza was amazing 
Staff were a little uptight and it took a while because they forgot us but I'd go back for the taste.Complete Shit! Order #7265009. I ordered a cheese calzone ADD HAM. After taking forever, the order was delivered incorrectly. The cheese calzone was a pound of cheese with thin bread surrounding it. I threw 3/4s away because it was inedible. I called to let them know...... they said we are crediting your card right now. I asked for confirmation numbers or some type of receipt. They stated "we got it."  I called two days later to follow up... they said it'll take two weeks to credit the account because they close out every week... (not every day). SOOO FRUSTRATING !!!! I'm giving a horrible yelp review and never ordering from this place again!Great pizza, nice staff. Would definitely recommend! First time visiting from Chicago and they were so kind telling us what to visit. Great eat!Friday night with a toddler means pizza delivery to your hotel. This place did not disappoint! Delivery time was under an hour, driver was super nice and pizza was delicious. Highly recommend!Simply put, this is an excellent pizza. 
Now on to the review...pizza pie can make of a good meal or a bad one. 
Magazine pizza is delicious and with every bite you want more. 
Good pizza has a tasty crust, fresh ingredients and baked well.  Especially the cheese, so fresh. 
In a town where you can find 100 different great restaurants, Magazine Pizza is amazing.Love these people. I order delivery all the time. The food is consistently good and the delivery people are super.Ordered this pizza for the first time today.  My Hot Mama pizza arrived completely soggy and almost inedible.  The menu advertizes spicy sauce, jalepenos, chicken, and pineapple.  This pizza had cheese and chicken, no peppers or pineapple to give it any flavor whatsoever.   A big disappointment.  The crust looks like it came frozen.
Only reason I bumped to two stars was because when I called they took the charge of the pizza off of my order.  I still had to throw out my food though.
Apparently the delivery people are not allowed in my building because they repeatedly trashed the halls with fliers after being asked not to.  This makes ordering delivery a little annoying.  They should have warned me on the phone ahead of time.Tried calling Slice after Saints game but line was constantly busy so decided to try Magazine.
Got the Macho Man and an extra cheese pizza.
The Macho Man was delicious.  Huge pieces of meat and great ham.  Everyone was very glad that Slice didn't answer.
All of their pizza comes with sides of Ranch dressing.
Will definitely be ordering from Magazine again and glad to know there is a new Mid-City location.We ordered the macho man pizza and cheesy garlic breadsticks. Both were excellent. The pizza even came with ranch dipping sauce! We did have to wait a little bit for our food, but we came in on Super Bowl Sunday, during the game, so they were extremely busy with to go orders. To compensate for our wait, without us even saying anything, they gave us a piece of cheesecake (which was AMAZING). Definitely recommend this place.It was good ordered off of Yelp. Service was a little slow and pizza not too hot but the chicken Calzone was so good!!! From NY and it's hard to beat NY pizza. Good job Magazine!I enjoyed my pizza. I didn't know that ranch dipped pizza could taste so good. Prefect late night tummy filler. I've yet to eat my cheesecake. It really took am entire hour before they showed up as advertised, but my food want piping hot. It was just warm enough to eat. I want thrilled about the pricing of my meal neither, but I'm satisfied overall. I'd eat here again.Ok your in  NOLA under tornado warnings.  Not a lot to do on lined ordered through Yelp was to take 60-90 minutes arrived hot and delicious in less than 30. Two 14" pizzas salads and cheesecake.   Polite delivery.Quite simple, very good pizza and they deliver to the hotel.  Very fresh, a bit expensive for the 10" but then again, there is a coupon online so that offset the cost.
I was pretty impressed with the quality and would suggest this place if your in the area.  What I mean, really, is that we had a very busy day and went back to our hotel, not wanting corporate pizza... but didnt want to leave our room.  Great product and delivery.Got a Philly cheese steak pizza. Not good. Edible, but not good. Hardly any meat. The cheese was that plasticky tasteless stuff you'll get from a cheap frozen pizza box. The pizza had little going for it. Barely any sauce. It's supposed to have a garlic herb butter sauce. Didn't taste herbs, garlic, or butter! I won't be ordering here again.We're staying at Children's Hospital for a while. We were craving food other than the cafeteria and decided to check on what was available for delivery. Unfortunately they only mention about 2 restaurant that delivers. I turned to Yelp to check out Reggiano's and came across Magazine Pizza! After looking at the reviews/pictures/menu my wife and I decided to try them out. We ordered the supreme add pineapple. The ordering was fast and easy online. I was expecting to get a call to meet in the lobby downstairs as I seen other patients this week having to do that for Dominos and Papa Johns. I was pleasantly surprised when I received a knock at the door. The driver delivered all the way to our room. The pizza was hot and delicious!! The cheese they use is great and the ingredients were fresh. It was easy to see this was no freezer to oven pizza. This pizza was good! It came with a packet of red pepper which I put on my few slices and Parmesan cheese also there was a small container of ranch that came with it. If you are looking for something delivered while staying in the New Orleans area especially Children's or Audubon park area I recommend Magazine PizzaReview for delivery only (which according to other reviews, seems to be their main thing):
Was feeling lazy on a weekend night, so I called Magazine Pizza for delivery. The pizza came 45 minutes later, right on time based on the estimate they gave me. I thought this was pretty decent for a Friday night. The delivery guy was very friendly. 
I got the Aphrodisiac (minus the pineapples). It was pretty good - certainly nowhere in the realm of pizza heaven like Pizza Delicious, but totally acceptable for delivery pizza. I was a little confused by the chili peppers - awkward to eat, so sometimes I just picked them off if they were particularly large. My delivery included some kind of ranch dip - I'm not sure if this was intentional or a mistake, but it was nice for dipping the crusts.If you are working at eh convention center this place is supper close, you can eat in or get your food to go. I had a calzone which was good once I got it. There were several of us that ordered and they got a few of our orders mixed up. The food is your typical pizza joint. If you don't want greasy food this will not be a good place for you.Quick pizza delivery. Very good "white pizza" and pepperoni pizza. Ordered the spinach salad. Dressing was very good.Best GF pizza in town for a reasonable price and a good size pie too!Worst pizza ever.  Ordered 1 plain 1 pep, get call out of pep, but I could get a meat lovers (odd).  Now I have 2 plain coming.  Pizza shows up, 1 plain, 1 everything/deluxe.  Best guess, these are pre made frozen pizzas.  Cheese was burned, almost to the point of being inedible.  Won't ever order from here again, suggest other deliver if you're looked for room service/delivered food.Had a very bad experience with Magazine Pizza and Grub Hub....ordered through Grub Hub and most of my order was missing.    Contacted GH and they called the restaurant and inquired about the CK instead of returning the $5.50.    Poor service.....Had a pepperoni pizza delivered to my hotel room. The phone service and delivery service was great but the pizza is just okay. It's does the job if your hungry but nothing to rave about. Our crust was burnt and not enough sauce or pepperoni's. Nonetheless, it's not terrible but nothing great either. Fits in the "just pizza" category.Had to wait a little bit long than usual the other day and they gave us free desert to make up for it. Pizza is pretty great and they'll make any of the menu pizzas with spicy sauce so that's a win for meVery good gluten free pizza! I guess I got it delivered at a slow time but the delivery was very fast. I like that you can tip with your card online, too.Had the Mediterranean pizza and caesar salad.  
Salad: Not worth the price.  Literally chopped up romaine, store bought croutons, and Kraft parm cheese shaked on top.  Dressing is the opposite of delicious...it was probably store bought.  I understand that these are the basic ingredients of a caesar salad...but it had no imagination or flavor and was the opposite of delicious.
Pizza: Meh.  Pizza tends to always be good.  The pizza was not terrible, but it is nothing I would remark on or ever order again.  I wish it was covered with more fresh ingredients.these guys are just starting out in a location (formerly, knock knock knock) doomed, but the marketing and quality they are putting out might just break that curse.  
Yes, my delivery did take too long to get here, almost an hour, but the salad was cold and the chicken atop it was hot, so it's a kitchen timing (staff) issue and not the driver (who was a very nice gentleman).
Quality, however, in the ingredients and in the delivery presentation (something usually skimped on) were both impressively above my expectations.  I know it's not hard to serve (or make) a good Caesar dressing, plenty of other za places do, but for the love of Christ most places in nola like to screw it up.  Magazine pizza learned that lesson, though in a nitpick i will complain (probably due to said kitchen restraints) that it was not tossed.  Is that my main complaint?  Yep.
Had the Macho Man pizza (mmmm... meaty), it was fine but not artisan.  All their specialty pizzas are moderately standard, it seems, but if the quality extends to the toppings then this raises the bar for evening and latenight delivery.
Pretty good for a new business.  Let us hope that the promise of quality LOCAL SOURCED ingredients remains cost-effective enough for them to keep it up.Super super friendly staff!  Great that they are open late and the pizza is delicious! Had a Cesar salad and the lettuce was crisp and fresh. Definitely recommend Magazine Pizza!We ordered the macho and cheese sticks for delivery.  Awesome flavors and received rather timely.  My only complaint was delivery service.  Staying at a hotel and the driver acted put out that we asked for room delivery, even though I notated it on my order and tipped accordingly.  Otherwise, I highly recommend the pizza.Great pizza. Friendly staff. Hot and fresh. Smaller sized dining area. Close to WW2 Museum. Street parking only. Busy (that's a great sign). Quick take-out order. Loved free drink with Yelp check in!I like getting my salad here along with my pizza. I usually get my salad tweaked to how I want it (as I should, I'm paying). I've been told by the not so friendly lady at the counter that it's okay to do that as long as it's not busy. Fine, I have been very courteous. Today, another fine lady was there and it didn't seem as though they were busy so I order my salad first and she seems frustrated as hell that I had to add a few items to my salad, before I even get to give my next order she just gives me my total. I'm not done ordering! So rude! I don't know why I've had to put up with this. I pay and tip well. I think I'm gonna call it quits for this place.The best pizza in New Orleans! Love love love this place and they have a lot of other delicious things on the menu. Try it, love it, and you'll order once a week at least!It's Super Bowl Sunday everybody! There's so many Super Bowl food choices out there and tonight, I decided to order from Magazine Pizza. They're located at the corner Magazine St and Calliope St and it is super easy to get to if you live in the Lower Garden District. They're mainly a takeout establishment, but they have a few tables and enough space for dining. What's great is that they offer online orders directly through their website and they open late. 
I've ordered Magazine Pizza about 3 times and have loved it every single time. (Check it out! I'm the Duchess of Magazine Pizza! =P) Their Spinach Dip is awesome! The garlic bread sticks that accompany it are thicker, but still soft and chewy on the inside. I nearly liked it more than the pizza itself. To be honest, I usually hate calzones due to excessive breading, but Magazine Pizza has found the perfect bread-to-filling ratio. I can now say that I love calzones. As for the pizza, it's perfect! The pizza was picked up and traveled to the Westbank and despite the wait, it was still crispy and delicious. Excellent job especially for Game Day service!
Loves: Late hours every day of the week. Online orders. Great calzones, dip, and pizzas!
What NOT to Love: Limited parking on busy days or weekends.We called at 4:45pm to order a pizza and a salad it is now 6:45pm the order is still not here. Granted they did say give them at least 45 mins. I have never in my life waited 2 hours for a pizza! We have called twice and both times they hung up the phone on me while I was speaking. This is horrific service. Do not order from this place!Don't order from here. They will confirm your order, charge your card and never deliver. So messed up. And to make things worse, they won't answer their phone. 
**Update: I did indeed place this order through Grubhub. After two hours of waiting for my delivery, I called the restaurant 10-15 times to see if there had been a mistake or if the driver was lost. No one answered. I then called Grubhub who also tried contacting the restaurant. No one answered. At 10:35 pm, two and a half hours after my order was placed, they tried to deliver my food. Mind you this restaurant is less than one mile from where I live. I was already asleep when they arrived and refused the order. No one ever tried calling me from the restaurant. Thankfully Grubhub was kind enough to refund my order the next day and apologized profusely for the poor service. PS - we did not order pizza.The food is awesome,  the people are great..they remembered what was forgot on last order I ordered a week agoOrdered the pesto chicken and a veggie pizza. The pesto was one of the very best I had, my delivery was quick and hassle free.I don't eat cheese and the aphrodisiac doesn't need it! It's veggie goodness!!! The salads are really good too!Prompt delivery, scant toppings, ordered the Hawaiian large...tasted slightly above average.We ordered some pizzas this evening. While the delivery was pretty quick and the delivery guy was very nice, I didn't understand the pricing of the product. 
Pizza had good flavor but two very small personal pan pizzas, two Coke liters, and bread sticks shouldn't be over $40. I understand that the pizza place is downtown and we are in a tourist area, but this was borderline ridiculous. All five of us, mind you, just ate at Gumbo Shop (seafood, gumbo, platters, etc) for $60... and that was with dessert! 
Such a shame- good flavors, but really crazy pricing.