I ordered the "peacemaker" po-boy, which did not disappoint!!! I would've given this place a 5 but they didn't bring my appetizer, and the mustard I ordered was stale and in a package. Will I go back? Absolutely!!! Very cute and quaint, away from the hustle of bourbon street and the fowl smell. This is in the garden district. So enjoy a sandwich and then a stroll.Oysters. Bacons. Cheese. Peacemaker.
Once I heard about the Peacemaker, I knew I had to make Mahony's a priority. And was I ever so happy to have made it. Every bite was a delight. They do not skimp on the ingredients, but I do wish I asked if they could melt the cheese, because that would have been simply perfection.
We also had the roast beef and dirty fries (which were "the best thing ever," according to my friend), and the root beer-glazed ham po'boy (which was consumed in less than ten minutes...the ham is tender and the root beer made this anything but an ordinary ham sandwich). Everyone was happy with their po'boys, and I still dream about the Peacemaker when I have a serious craving for a great sandwich.
The staff were very nice and scored bonus points with us for cheering on the Warriors alongside us. They were also very friendly and efficient.
If you are looking for amazing po'boys, Mahony's will not disappoint. You have to keep in mind, though, that they are not the cheapest. But boy are they worth the extra buck or two. Have the Peacemaker if you like bacon and oysters!I don't live in New Orleans anymore, but every time I come home, Mahony's is usually the first place I go to get a shrimp po boy, cheese fries and a beer on tap. It's SO good, I'm salivating thinking about it and missing home more!! I wish I could tell you how good the rest of their food is, but I don't think I'll ever change my order.I've been hearing great things about Mahoney's on Magazine St, so we finally tried it out the weekend before last.  The place is a bustling converted building with wide front steps and original floors, and was certainly busy upon our late-lunch hour visit.  We ordered 2 small po-boys, a side, chips, and 2 sweet teas.  The tab?  $42+.
The sandwiches were good, the potato salad was so-so, and the tea was sweet.  But, this place is not worth it.  I doubt I will be back, and instead opt for Jonny's or Central Grocery in the Quarter.  You'll be much more pleased with your $$ spent.Very nice place on magazine. I don't get why it only has 3.5 stars here on yelp. Probably some Hipsters thinking it isn't alternative enough. Anyways,  we had different PO-Boys and they were all amazing!Literally the best po boy I've ever had!! I went a little adventurous for me and got the chicken fried liver and slaw po boy -- simply bc I was intrigued. It was amazing!!!  Also got the pig fries. Service was great and friendly! Highly recommended!!!Dined here for the first time and loved it.  Our group of 6 enjoyed shrimp poboys and Pig Fries - fries topped with delicious pulled pork and thin crispy onion rings.  We will be back!Okay but not great. Everything was fried in almost straight cornbread. FYI half a poboy is more than enough for one person. Tastes like typical poboys but not worth the prices...
30 minute wait we were warned about turned into 45 for poboys that were big but too expensive and mediocre. Breading is almost pure cornbread. Fried green tomatoes were cut into too large wedges that only cook halfway through and the breading just  falls of in one piece as soon as you touch it. Staff was polite and friendly thoughWe had a great lunch and tried 3 different Poboys. The short rib, the lamb stew and shrimp. Fantastic!!!The fresh cut french fries and fresh thinly sliced  onion rings are amazing.  All of the poboys are tasty, but I am partial to the root beer glazed ham and cheese, the roast beef, and the jumbo shrimp poboys. I would say it is one of the best poboy shops in the city.  Have a seat on the front porch and dig in!Peacemaker po boy was delicious. I really dont care for the bread they use. I now realize its all over louisiana. The buffalo oysters were amazing. I will come back.I always hit the spots Guy visited. Super excited to find this gem. 
The peacemaker
I got shrimp only. The small was very filling, I can't imagine having the large. The shrimp were nice and big, none of that popcorn crap. Good hard fried with mild seasoning flavor. Loved the dill pickles, very crisp. The maple bacon was a nice compliment to bring it all together and I loved they used legit thick sliced cheddar cheese. Very delicious po'boy. 
Onion straws
Hands down the best ones I've had. Truly held up to their award winning status. Nice and thin, fresh oil was used and crispy goodness. 
Sweet Tea
I love coming to the South to get legit delicious sweet tea. Perfect amount of sugar so it wasn't overly sweet and a good choice of tea that they use. 
Jininie 
She was an awesome server. Very friendly and keep the refills coming BEFORE I could ask. Prompt with greeting you and bringing out the food while it was still hot. Make sure you sit in her section. 
Thanks Triple D for leading me to another great find!The Etouffee fries are amazing for starters.....
We also had the short rib and shrimp remi po-boys. They were simply delicious. We would definitely go back again to try their different types of po-boys.Got the oyster Po-Boy and was kind of disappointed. Not much flavor. We got the fries with debris and the debris was barely warm.The most amazing roast beef po boys I have has so far. Sooooo juicy and tasty and I highly recommend it!I'm with the Rita M. who wrote that the staff are great.  It's not that the food will blow you away but it's just simple comfort food with nice wait staff and a fun atmosphere.  I had a delicious draft beer with a po' boy of fried chicken.  The wonderful bartender gave me a description of what makes a po' boy a po' boy.  The fries were as delicious as the sandwich.  This is the kind of place I would stop by to after a day of work for a beer and a sandwich and a nice chat with the bartender.  It's a keeper.Stopped today at mahonys to eat a good po boy sandwich and was deeply disappointed!  I ordered an angus roast beef dressed and the meat was severely burned,  dry and hard as a rock.  I showed the meat to the waitress and told her it was bad and she did not offer me another sandwich or a discount from the price.  This poor quality of food in a po boy city is inexcusable. The manager should be ashamed.  Ruined part of my vacation. 
Pig fries were good.  
I won't return.My fried green tomato and remoulade po-boy was good, but not earth-shattering. I was a bit disappointed because I'd heard so much about this place and it was so close to where I was staying. Though the ingredients were fresh - and I really appreciate that you can add extras (like pickles!) at no extra charge - the concept (bread, tomato, dressing) just seemed unimaginative. Hate to say it, but I've had much better po-boys at the Cajun restaurant near where I grew up... in New York.
I think that if you want a decent sandwich that will fill you up, this is a great option. On the other hand, if - like me - you're hankering for one of those fantastic meals in a new place that exposes you to a cuisine and gives you new perspective blah blah blah.... well, this is not going to do any of that.Soft shell crab po-boy was fresh and delicious.  Counter staff was very pleasant and accommodating.  French fries were fresh and really good.
Others in my party had roast beef, shrimp and arugula salad.  All very good.
Overall very nice!Found this place on Diners Drive ins & Dives. My fav show.... Anyway flew from miami and this was the first place on my list. Huge po boys. Whats even better are the onion straws!!!!! I had the pork po boy but i liked my husbands burger even better. Great little place!Yes, the po-boys here are good. Nice quality, crusty French bread with top-quality ingredients. However, the prices for their signature po-boys are also stratospherically high. If you want one of the po-boys that they are (rightly) famous for, expect to pay $11-25. They are filling and high-quality, but it just seems to run counter to the spirit of a neighborhood NOLA sandwich shop to be charging so damned much for them.
Everyone loves the root beer-glazed Chisesi ham and cheese, and it is a great choice. Their most unique option is the fried chicken liver with Creole slaw. Very delicious if you like the weird, mineral-y taste of liver. The mustard-y slaw cuts the richness of the livers so that it's not too bad. The most expensive options tend to be the po-boys containing seafood: there's a fried oyster, bacon and cheese that I've never tried, and a jumbo shrimp, fried green tomato and remoulade that is AMAZING. However, it will set you back...it was like $25.00 for a medium-sized one of those bad boys when I visited. I've also had their extremely thin-cut onion rings...hmmmm. I think I prefer traditional onion rings, but these are not bad, and doubtless they will find fans.
You can expect to wait a good long time for your po-boy, especially when this place gets busy in the afternoons and evenings. They've got a selection of beers, wine and some cocktails while you wait, though. I've heard anecdotes about a special night where you can get a 1/4 po-boy and an Abita for $10 or so, but I've never been. I just don't think that a quarter sandwich would fill me up...I had the Peacemaker. Which is fried shrimp bacon and cheese. The bread was too much and too hard. The cheese was not melted. The only thing that saved them was the fried pickles I devoured.Cute place. Amazing food. Servers are great!! The alligator sausage poboy was the best!! And get the fried green tomatoes. You won't be sorry. This is coming from a local girl.I really love the feel of Mahoney's. Casual and cute, not too divey, but just laid back southern charm. There are Leidenheimer Bread posters, Saints memorabilia and Dixie Beer posters adorning the walls. That's my kinda place.
I went and split half of a roast beef and half of a shrimp with a friend. The roast beef was out of this world. I loved it and usually am not a huge fan of roast beef poboys. The shrimp (normally my favorite) was just not up my alley. I may be in the minority here, but I'm not a fan of corn meal thrown into the breading on fried shrimp. I know, I know...but it's just not my thing. It had a good flavor but honestly the corn meal ruined it for me.
I'll definitely be back to Mahoney's to try that roast beff again and sample more from the menu, though.
Happy poboy eating!I stopped in for my first visit for lunch and when I got there I went to sit at the bar. I wasn't told hello or anything.  The bartender was just looking at me with no smile. I know this is a poboy shop but when you have a bar and a dining room, you should maybe be a little more hospitable than that. I had to ask for everything, it seemed, including my drink. I asked for half sweet half unsweet tea. What she gave me tasted like simple syrup it was so sweet. The poboy was good, though. I think it's kinda hard to mess up a chicken parm poboy on leindenheimer French bread, and they didn't. That's about the only positive thing I can say about my first visit here. It has some interesting things that sound good on the menu, so I will be back, but I will be grabbing to go. I would recommend ordering to go from this place, because the food is pretty good and you can avoid their bland ass shitty service.Went here late in the afternoon to avoid the lines. If you can hold out for a late lunch, the fried green tomato po' boy here is awesome.It's amazing what happens when you get on TV.  This place has ok Po-boys at unbelievable prices. Go to Domilise's on Annunciation and Bellecastle or make the trip to midcity and hit up parkway bakery. This place has outrageous prices for a Po boy And is not a New Orleans institution.Started our most recent road trip in 'Nawlins and had to make a stop to try a po-boy at Mahony's and boy was it good. We had the shrimp and the roast beef po-boys and they were excellent. And the fact that Mahony's is locally owned made it even better.Bland city!  The only thing positive I can say about this place is the sweet tea was good.  Nothing else had any seasoning at all.  The fries didn't even have salt.  If you're looking for plain cooked food this is your place.  We went because we saw it in Triple D which must be why it was packed.  There are much better places in Nola to eat.  This was a waste of a meal in a city full of great food.There is nothing  Po about this place, Boy can they deliver on the flavor! Started out with some spicy house made buffalo wings, you know that hot Vinger buttery coating kicked off the taste buds and got me warmed up for my dressed hamburger po boy . It was perfect, so juicy, and fresh veg made it a home run in my book. I also snuck a little but of my companion's roast beef po boy and ooo la la talk about deliciousness! If you need a great sandwich, at a great quaint location, for a great price then look no further because here it is!I went here with my friend for the crawfish etouffee. The rice was apparently undercooked.Great food. Roast beef and shrimp Po-Boys were my favorite yet. Better than any place in the French Quarter. And the onion rings are so good too.If you stop to enjoy a po boy here, try the ham or chicken liver poboy.Stumbled into this place on Ash Wednesday, we were picking up our car which we had left from the prior day's marching parade.  We were looking for something quick and simple cause we had a plane to catch.
Strictly a Po Boy Shop, I ordered the Oysters Po Boy.  Not bad at all, good crunch and flavor to the oysters.  I overlooked the shrimp, fried green tomato, and remoulade one.
The service was very good, especially the 79 year old sweet lady that was helping out.  She introduced herself as the owner's mother -in-law.  Man this lady had some kind of energy, she was running around and cleaning tables and giving out orders like crazy.  Keep on truckin granny!!!Do you enjoy waiting 45 minutes for a po-boy? Do you enjoy food that's subpar compared to similar restaurants in New Orleans? Are you into paying exorbitant prices for sandwiches? If you answered yes to any or all of these questions, Mahony's is the place for you!
Seriously, today I put in my order at 12:52 p.m. and received my sandwich at 1:31 p.m. A 30-45 minute wait for a po-boy is inexcusable in this city. Not only that, but there are countless places that have better po-boys: Parkway, Domilise's, Crabby Jack's, Commerce, even your neighborhood grocer probably carries a better po-boy.
And the price. Geez. $32 for two six-inch po-boys (catfish and shrimp...nothing fancy), two sides and two Diet Cokes. The places listed above don't charge close to that amount for superior products.
Don't waste your time. And I should clarify that I've visited three times and left disappointed every time. The ONLY reason I'm giving it two stars instead of one is because of the onion rings. So there's something worth mentioning. You might get those in 30 minutes instead of 45 because I was done with mine by the time my sandwich arrived.
In marketing, there's a saying: fast, cheap, or high-quality...pick two. At Mahony's you don't even get to pick one.The food was great!  The Po' Boys were great.  Shrimp Remi was so good!  It was nice to have the option to have the shrimp grilled instead of fries if you wanted. The Slow pork po' boy was the best sandwich I've had in awhile.  To Top it all off Palm, our server was funny, fast and awesome.  We were a big party and they handled us with ease!  We will definitely be back.I'm always craving a fried oyster poboy when I come here, and they definitely deliver. I'm no expert on poboys, but the ones I've had here are delicious. Outdoor seating is also in a nice location on Magazine street, and they allow dogs on it.Despite being on DD&Ds and being home of the original Po-Boy, the bread was too high and there was too much mayo. Also, sides were extra. I feel like this restaurant capitalized on Guy's visit by going from mom and pop to more commercialized. It got us down to Magazine street and a place to go with nice service and ambiance, it kept me full for most of the day, but I feel like the sandwich itself can be a little different and a choice of side given with your sandwich. All in all though go and check it out and look around Magazine Street when there, cool place!Great service, we spoke to the manager endlessly while eating our food on a late Thursday afternoon while sitting at the bar and had a wonderful experience. 
   I think out-of-towners aren't aware of what a Po-Boy consists of (Google it if you don't know so you will be well-versed or ask the server, they're never afraid to talk to visitors) As for the food, my husband had the shrimp Po-Boy and let me tell you, he's a big eater and couldn't finish it. I had the fried oysters...they were cooked to perfection (some places cook them to the point of being dried out) and I had so many of them and a nice size too. They didn't skimp on the food and even gave me a decent "sample" of beer prior to purchase. 
   It is very hard to find parking and would NEVER recommend eating here unless you come by cab, friend, bike or feet, because parking is a bear...but when you get here, well worth it.To-go or eat in, Mahony's has the best po-boys of all the spots I've tried. I've had the peacemaker and the shrimp, and to be honest, haven't strayed from ordering the same two in rotation. Located in a lovely and remodeled shotgun house, it's easy to miss and mistake for someone's home.
The porch outside is quiet for Magazine Street, and inside there's a bar where 1 or 2 men are sipping beers, and two rooms with seating, depending on how quiet and how close to the food you want to be. You place the order at the counter and when it comes out of the kitchen in the back, you're called or it's brought to you, possibly by the older lady shuffling about in an apron and Crocs (she is adorable!).
The fries! I love that the fries are browned to a crisp, freshly cut from potatoes, not from a freezer bag. The bacon perfectly complements the fried oyster, in the Peacemaker, and the fried shrimp is tasty and fresh, with the breading adding just the right amount of crunch. 
Also, they take card, which is great for constantly cashless me.Fantastic po boy's!! We went out of our way to take a bus uptown to this awesome spot.  The peacemaker is no joke and definitely worth the price. And get the onion rings...they melt in your mouth!! Had heard it can be a long wait, but we got there at 1:30 on a Saturday afternoon and walked right in.Didn't really eat but I did have a few bites from a friends shrimp po-boy and it was surprisingly delicious.... 
I am planning on going back to try their grilled shrimp po-boy, just sounds so awesome.....If you find yourself wandering up Magazine St. looking for some NOLA-inspired food, this is a great spot! My husband and I walked in and there was a bit of a wait, but we were able to get drinks at the bar and the hostess accommodated us as quickly as possible with seats at the bar. We started with their famous onion rings - crispy shoestring style. I ordered an oyster Po-boy and my husband ordered the "Peacemaker," a shrimp, bacon and cheese Po-boy. The gentleman next to us ordered an oyster Po-boy as well, but oysters were 86ed by the time he placed his order, so that was a bummer. They did say that they were really busy, and the oysters were really good, so maybe running out was unusual. The Po-boys were great, and we had the coleslaw with plenty of Tabasco. It definitely hit the spot after a stroll in the Garden District! Highly recommend!Awesome onion rings...addictive! And the Remoulade is just the best I've had. Alligator Sausage is tasty.I had heard great things about this place and I left my meal being impressed but not blown away. Maybe the meat make the po-boy (I don't eat the stuff), but mine, the fried green tomatoes and remoulade was a-ok, no better, no worse. The remoulade was pretty flavourful, as were the tomatoes. I added some pickles and I feel that that really helped 'umph' the flavour profile. By all means, eat here, but I wouldn't go out of my way to do so.After visiting Magazine St for my first time, I was craving a po-boy and came across Mahoney's Po-Boys and Seafood. 
In short, I wasn't very impressed. I ordered a regular jumbo fried shrimp po-boy. It wasn't bad, but it just wasn't that good. It was a bit dry for my taste and didn't have very much sauce or fresh ingredients to make up for the dryness from the fried shrimp and toasted bread. 
A few positives about Mahoney's are that they have a great happy hour, the location itself is nice, and the service was good. During their happy hour draft beers are just $2! The location is cool because it almost feels like you're walking into a vintage southern home, which appeals to visitors like myself. The service was exceptional and the staff was very friendly. It seems like a great place to catch a game and grab a beer if you live nearby. 
I have to give this place 3/5 stars though because they had a great chance at satisfying my craving for a po-boy and I felt like they came up short. Maybe I could've been more particular about my order. If I were to visit the area again, I'd be willing to come back for a beer and/or try another one of their po-boys.The roast beef poorboy is the best I've ever eaten always busy but worth the wait cheese fries are also good would have been better without the hair I found in the friesGreat food, love th gumbo and shrimp poboy.   This is my first return to New Orleans since Katrina.Great Food! The staff was super friendly. The Peacemaker definitely lived up to the hype. This a must eat place while in town.Fried food and beers.
We enjoy the happy hour here and the service has always been good.
Nice little place in the area for a seafood platter and a beer.Truly local fare; and true creole food. Spicy is spicy, and the shrimp don't come de-veined.  My server was amazing! I had the red beans and rice lunch special with tea (true southern sweet tea). the beans and rice were super spicy, she offered to get me something else, but I declined. They did add extra rice to the dish for me though to help with the heat. All of the staff were very friendly and nice, will certainly eat here again!Had shrimp poor boy was the worst frozen shrimp. Sister had oyster poor boy over cooked. Gumbo had nothing in it but broth. Service very slow. Will not go back. Was told great place . Triple D got it wrong!Was in New Orleans for 2 days before a cruise. Saw this place on Diners Drive ins and Dives. Had the shrimp po boy and my husband had the oyster. Seafood was absolutely the freshest I've ever had. Atmosphere gad a bit to be desired but food was worth it all.This is so close to my house that I have gone here quite a bit, but those days are through.  The sandwiches taste good, and I love the cornmeal coating on their fried shrimp, but the prices are ridiculous. The 6 inch shrimp po boy is 10 bucks and the last time I got it, there were 4 shrimp on there. They were big shrimp, but come on.  The food is good, but far from special, and I think the pricing is outrageous.  Crabby Jacks has better selection and better value and a tastier po boy.  That being said, the location is really cute and close to Magazine shopping.This place was tasty but I was expecting more give some of the high profile recommendations. The Pig fries were quite good. I had the Crawtator Poboy which sounded amazing and bursting with flavors but it was a little on the bland side. The menu looked amazing though. Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing.I got the Peacemaker and it was worth it.  The oysters were so tasty and I got 2 beers for the price of one..or I could've gotten 2 beers if I wasn't so full from just 1.  It didn't take that long for it to get to our table.  Bread was crispy and the sauces and all the dressings were so good.  I still think the random place at Broadview seafood market is better, but this place's po-boys are still tasty.
PLUS they have the street fighter arcade game.  Win.Nom Nom Nom!
My friend and I came here for the roast beef, but it wasn't ready so we opted for the club po-boy which included bacon, root beer glazed ham, and chicken with a side of onion rings.  The large po-boy was HUGE!  Even split between us, it was still ginormous.  You definitely get what you pay for because these po-boys are fully loaded!  It also doesn't help that I'm a messy eater! Haha.  The onion rings are awesome!  They're literally thinly sliced onions that are fried, and I loved it!  It's perfect for putting in your po-boy to add some extra crunch and flavor.  The sandwich was actually really good.  I like that you could really taste the root beer flavor, but it wasn't overpowering.
The only downfall was waiting for the po-boy.  It took longer than expected, but the wait was well worth it!Anytime I'm in New Orleans I eat a Po Boy Sandwich as they are one of my favorites.  This time around I went to Mahoney's as they were popular with Yelp and on Diners Drive In's and Dives.  Awesome building off Magazine Street in one of my favorite parts of town.  As I was traveling alone I went up to the bar and was immediately greeted by the bartender.  This was about 5:30 at night and I was one of 5 people in a very large dining room.  I wasn't too hungry so I ordered the small shrimp peace maker.  My first bite was a disappointment as the bread was a little more stale than what I'm use too with a po boy.  I deconstructed it and ate the seafood only.  I can say the shrimp was large, perfectly seasoned and some of the best fried shrimp I've ever hard.  Had the bread been better this would have been a fantastic sandwich.  For dessert I ordered break pudding.  This was by far the best bread pudding I've had!  Moist with a sauce I could drink.  Ill be back to Mahoneys for that alone and hopefully the bread is a little better next time.Exceptional service and food!! They can make it jut about anyway you want. Had a great fathers day here! Really recommend it from a locals standpoint as well for people out of town. Outside seating is a must as wellTried the Supper Club at Mahony's last night.  The 4 course dinner was amazing with dishes inspired by the Chef's travels in Asia.  $65 price included 2 wine or beer with the elaborate meal.  Excellent value and service.Was in New Orleans and decided to grab po boys with a friend.  I was not disappointed!  The staff was awesome and friendly, and the po boys were huge! We had the following:
- Shrimp Remi - Fried jumbo gulf shrimp, fried green tomatoes, remoulade dressing, and green onions - delicious and light!  It was heavenly, every single bite!
- Short Rib - Abita braised short ribs, fried onion rings, garlic mayonnaise, arugula, tomato - this po boy had too much going on, the braised short ribs was delicious, but I enjoyed a more simpler po boy, like the Shrimp Remi
- Loaded Fries - House Cut Kennebec Potatoes, Cheddar Cheese, Roast Beef Debris Gravy - could not stop eating this delicious fries, the debris gravy was delicious!
- Thin Cut Onion Rings - thin cut, easy to eat, delicious and very addicting!  I could not stop eating this!
Definitely a choice when in the mood for po boys!If you go here try to go after the lunch rush.  You HAVE to order the fries and gravy with cheese.  We opted for provolone instead of cheddar and it was a good choice.  That was the best thing we ever ate. Rich, pot roast gravy over fries and melty provolone cheese.  YUMMO!  
Oh yeah, the Po Boys are good too.A friend and I split the muffaletta whole. With 2 drinks it came to $20 and change before tip. As stated in other reviews, the wait is long. We ordered it cold based on the cashier's suggestion. Big mistake. It did not taste good. We both only ate 1/3 of the whole sandwich. When I toasted it in the oven later, it tasted much better. I think this place is not worth the money though.I really enjoyed this little nook in New Orleans! The food was fantastic, but the floors were filthy and overall the restaurant seemed slightly unsanitary overall. If it's not too hot, opt for the patio!I've been here a few times since my initial review. Have had some good po boys since. The roast beef is awesome, very flavorful. The shrimp Remini is great, lot of taste. Had the meatball today, comes with provolone,  red sauce, and peperoncini.  I added lettuce and tomato. 
This is meaty. Beef and pork mixture , well seasoned and I detected a special herb taste in addition to oregano. Guess what it is? Im not tellin', lol. I had fries also. Done crispy, cuz thats what i likes!!  Might be my favorite in NOLA.  Wonderful. Big difference from my first impression. Glad I tried it again. 
Also, I ate in this time. Friendly staff, clean men's room. 
TRY IT. 
Recommended.Been in here several times since moving in the neighborhood.  The shrimp po boy is really good.  So is the alligator sausage.  The service has been great every time.  Just a nice little po boy shop.  Yes Ive had better shrimp po boys but this one is one of the best, and the atmosphere is nice.  Not sure why its getting some really harsh reviews, as Ive had no complaints at all.Delicious, award-winning Po-Boys for a (relatively) reasonable price. I came here for brunch on a recommendation and it exceeded my expectations. In addition to having great sandwiches (succulent shrimp and perfect bread!) the service was very good and the restaurant had a great vibe. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive, and we sat on the porch and watched folks walk down Magazine Street. I'll definitely return next time I'm in New Orleans!Yes, the po-boys are good, I'll give them that. However, $65 for four po-boys, 4 sodas, and some "dirty" french fries is outrageous.  (The same four people had a spectacular meal at R'evolution for dinner with cocktails and it was only $130!)   For that money, they should be bending over backwards- but it took 45 minutes for our food to come out. The staff is borderline unpleasant. There are so many other shops I'll go to before I ever go back here.Menu looked amazing.  Went during lunch on a Friday.  Waited OVER AN HOUR for a crappy cochon poboy with dry bread.  
Don't understand how it's so crowded ... Must be the cute little old lady that brings our the sandwiches :)
Stick to Parkway and GuysLacks the N'awlins flavor.  First visit to this restaurant with a friend from out-of-town had the chicken and andouille sausage...no flavor at all.  Sorry Mahony's for this review.  I expected more.  The hush puppies and garlic bread were the tastiest.Where's the beef. Just charge me an extra dollar and put some meat in that sandwich. The fries were literally crumbs. So why three stars? Because when the bartender saw it, she brought me some longer cut fries. The bread was actually very good.
Put some more meat in there and double check the fries before serving it. It'll be a solid four stars. 
I'll come back and try other stuff because the staff was so friendly. Plus the 80's music is totally awesome.Came in late on our first night in Nola. I had the gumbo and F had a oyster PoBoy. Both were really good. We sat outside on the sidewalk patio. The service was prompt and friendly.Tried to make a to go order. The server guy who answered said "we stop taking to go orders at 845 and it is 843 so it probably won't be ready so I don't want to take your order". The he proceeded to hang up on us. Very mediocre po-boys and very shitty service.that'sa one giant po boy you have there
i ordered a large, knowing someone would want some when i brought it back.  sadly the rest of my group had already konked out for the night leaving me to manage this delicious beast by myself.
a little on the pricey side (i'd grabbed a take out  menu to take a pic of to post but it was stolen and put in my friend's "place to try next trip" folder) ...  but the prices that are listed on the website were accurate.
the large, MUST have been meant for 2.  the site says 12" but mine was def a little longer than that, and served dressed- stuffed with lettuce tomato pickle and friend shrimp.    shrimp were lightly coated HUGE and delish!  by the time i got them home (fiasco) they'd over cooked just slightly but that's of no fault of theirs. 
bar in the front room. had a barq's in a bottle, and dixie to-go.
barq's- NOM
dixie-  was a gift for someone else *shrug*
lg shrimp po boy- def coming back for this one!
and  2 bread puddin' s -   didn't try  but  got RAVE reviews the sauce was 1-yay 1-nay  
.. .$30-some
ps: when you're leaving, watch out for that top stepLocals place so you know it is good.we went there on a tip from a friend. Well worth the trip. Magazine St. Is a nice departure from the hustle of the French quater. I had fried green tomatoes and shrimp PO boy. Not over fried, batter was similar to cornmeal. Delicious! They were very busy on a weekend lunch service and it took a while but the food was worth the wait. A definite must for the local PO boy experience. Quick tip you order they ask your name and they bring your food to you wherever you choose to sit.Please remember that 3 stars means "A-OK". I think that is the perfect way to describe this eatery.
I felt that the food was.....A-OK. My main squeeze ate almost all of her po-boy, and enjoyed her hurricane, and my husband went into vacuum cleaner mode, so I don't even know what he ordered. I got the seafood gumbo and I couldn't eat it. It tasted really fishy....in a bad way.
Our waiter, Evan, was a really nice dude. He thought we were tourists, so I think that might have been why 3 drinks, 2 po boys and a bowl of gumbo was close to a hundred dollars.
That seems a bit much.Their po-boys are really good, but's not worth the wait and the price. Seriously, if you are thinking of heading over here, don't. Instead, go to Zara's food store and get one from them at $5.99. It, too, will be delicious, over-filled and thoughtfully dressed with pickles, mayo and lettuce: but you'll get it when it's ready. 
Twice, I've waited an hour for my sandwich just to find that it was sitting on the counter being ignored. The first time, I was eating with my friend Tracy. She finally said, "alright, let's just take it to go." Our sandwiches were sitting by the register. The next time, I was being careful: I sat at the bar, where the sandwiches are taken to be called out. That time, when the young lady swore she called my name repeatedly, I couldn't believe it: I was sitting right by her. At what point is it no longer my fault for "not listening?"
Fool me once...Best Po Boys in town as well as shrimp & grits, homemade from scratch bloodies & great Sunday brunch. What could be better brunch & football on SundayWent in here first thing after moving. The staff was friendly, courteous, and informative.  The root beer glazed ham poboy was out of this world.  I got 2 for 1 Abita Amber despite the fact that I ordered half an hour before happy hour.  Also, I didn't get a chance to have their sweet potato pie, but it seems to sell out every day around 1 or 2.  Many customers came in specifically asking for it. I will be a regular customer from here on out! (And will show up early if I need a sweet potato pie).Ahh. Mahoney's...  I have been dreading this.
I want to love you. I want to be happy you exist. Unfortunately the extensive menu lacks the magic necessary in execution that ten (plus) dollar sammiches require to make them valid. 
Most of the ideas are there, yes, but the key ingredient seems lacking in almost every area available in every item I've tried- and sadly it's not one single thing to point out.  It's a widely varied jumble of dissonance that I have to believe only goes unpunished because of the vacuum of competition to judge it against. 
Roast beef, proper New Orleans style, is not a dinner roast, for one, and should be removed of fatty web and connective tissue. Two out of two rounds of disappointment, me grabbing  the "meat" part of my meal to pull loose that thing whose culinary removal is supposed to define the term "debris," which i guess is either no longer on the menu or i've mind-blackened it out because it isn't anywhere in the house as far as i can tell.  A sandwich with extra gravy to go is accompanied by pot roast gravy (starches intact) in a tub as if to rub it in that i'm getting gypped by way of a purposeful ignorance of simple tradition.  When i order a roast beef loaf with extra gravy, nevermind if i have to clarify with the beautiful counter girl that by loaf i mean sandwich (sigh), i want something so wonderfully drenched in its own self worth, a glorious slop that demands an inch of napkins that leaves me sucking the white and wax paper dry after all the soggy bread pieces have long since disappeared, slurping down every drop of the brown gravy mayo-gism until i'm covered belly to beard and stuffed silly hot and bothered even in a room with three window units in January.  Yes, i want my roast beef to be dirty dirty sex, and i want to degrade myself and feel filthy afterwards, and Mahoney's is, well, the opposite of that.
The Fries are nice, as long as you eat in-house.  But don't try and ask them to use the fries as a TOPPING, despite  them selling it as the base of a sandwich, and you either get a confused look from a girl who probably just learned a new definition of loaf, simply sold an (extra, if possible), small side of french fries for self-application, or once, simply told "we don't do that."  
At least they have barq's in a bottle to moisten the dry, uninspired, non-ethnic and overpriced "po-boy" you're going to convince yourself was better than it was.Their Po-boys are sloppy good and kind of pricey and I'd probably have a heart attack if I lived in New Orleans because I crave those shoe string onions.. Oh my.. are they ever good. I'm planning another trip and you can bet you'll will find me plonked down at a table out front with onion strings flying. Hmmm!Came here to try my first po boy after moving here, and I was not disappointed! I even tried the chicken liver po boy! It was a bit rich in taste, especially, if you are not too keen on the idea of liver...because there's a lot of liver jam packed into that sandwich. The lunch combos are decently priced, as it comes with chips and a drink.Our intended destination was closed so we ended up here as Plan B. I had heard a lot of great things about this place and was looking forward to trying it. I had read about how crowded this place can get, but there was no crowd and we walked right up to the counter.
My boyfriend and I split the roast beef poboy and the overstuffed shrimp poboy with an order of fries and 2 Barqs. The total came to near $40.00! I'm used to paying half that price for the same order at my usual place.
We sat at a table to wait for our dinner. It took at least 15 minutes for the food to come out. We were with another couple and we politely waited to begin eating until they received their order. They had ordered at the same time as us and they had ordered less food. But they still had to wait another 15 minutes before their food came out! We saw a table near us that had been waiting even longer for their order. They finally got up and complained. The place was hardly filled and there were no crowds in line. So, I don't understand the hold up.
After we all finally had our food, we tried it out. I thought the shrimp were very good. I am very particular about fried shrimp and won't eat them if they have a formaldehyde or chemical taste like most often do. These were just right, however, there weren't very many of them. For a poboy that is supposed to be overstuffed, this definitely was not overstuffed. Kind of disappointing because we didn't even know how much this was going to cost since the menu only said "market price".  The roast beef poboy also did not have much meat in it. They used the pot roast style meat, which I like. Theirs had an extra taste to it, that I wasn't sure if I liked or not. The fries were kind of soggy and lacked any flavor.
I don't think we will be back anytime soon. The prices are just way too high for a poboy that is more bread than meat.Made a special trip because I saw it in Triple D. 
Have to say though it wasn't the best. 
Great service and good if you're nearby, but not really worth a trip from across town just for their po'boy.Everything was fresh and good. The staff was friendly and we really enjoyed. I had the fried chicken liver po boy! It was everything I expected and more.I was visting Nola from NYC for a weekend trip and stopped here for lunch. My boyfriend and I researched a lot of po boy places but ultimately picked Mahony's since it was closest to where we were walking around. 
We both got shrimp po boys and enjoyed them enough. The bread ruined the sandwich though...maybe it started out as good bread (it's supposed to be famous bread from an old German bakery in Nola) but it was toasted SO much it was very dry and crumbly. The shrimp itself was tasty and seasoned nicely.  If only the bread were better I'd give their po boys 5 stars! For sides we got onion rings and fried green tomatoes. Both were good! 
Service was great, very friendly and attentive server. I wish we had more Southern hospitality in New York!nola natives, stopped by Mahoney's after seeing it on diners, drive-ins, and dives. we were uptown participating in the champagne stroll and decided to make Mahoney's our last stop. We walked into the shop right at closing time and the waitress was nice enough to allow us to come in for another drink and a po boy.  She was the only server on the floor and was super busy but still took the time to recommend a few items from the menu and genuinely seem interested.  I got the cochon and slaw, my wife got the peacemaker, and we split some pig fries.  The food was great! The service, even though it was slammed, was also great. We will definitely be coming back to Mahoneys and most definitely requesting the same server;  She was cute, kind, and courteous.I stopped in here with my friend while on vacation (she is a local) for a late lunch on a Sunday. What a treat. The fried shrimp po'boy has great. Perfectly cooked and dressed to perfection (my friend said her hubby would argue that pickles shouldn't have been included but they tasted great). We also split an order of the "pig fries" which were decadent.
Service was great -  prompt, efficient and our server did a great job of explaining the different options and making suggestions. I felt like the price was right too, for what you got.
Next time I'm in town this place will be worthy of a return visit!This is definitely one of the best roast beef poboys. The bread, you get to choose between seeded and non-seeded, is just the right texture; crispy outside, soft inside, a bit chewy. You need that combination so it doesn't turn to mush with the addition of gravy. And man, was the gravy good. Just right. Imagine boeuf bourguignon as a sandwich, and that's pretty much what you have at Mahony's. The atmosphere is typical poboy shop, and the sandwiches come wrapped whether you ordered them in or to go. The focus is entirely on the food.Love this place!! They have a great happy hour from 3-7.. Must try the chicken livers and slaw poboy, add pickles, you won't regret it!Walked 3 miles to find this little gem and it was well worth it.  we had the oyster po boys and onion rings.  Perfectly breaded and fried oysters on a baguette that was light and flaky.  Even the pickles were delicious and I suspect they were made there.  The onion rings were again, nicely breaded and perfectly fried with just the right amount of grease.  Don't miss this place when in NOLA.Very cute place. I love restaurants in old houses. But come on, $15 for a sandwich? OK so we came to try their po boys. Husband got the fried shrimp and I got the fried Oyster. Bread was trending toward stale and I know that even the best french bread has to be eaten by day two or it goes stale.  Both fried shrimp and oysters were fine, though could have been a few more on each po boy given the price. We were there during happy hour so we got a beer each and they were half price. Good selection on draft....had Fat Tire, my favorite at the moment. 
Overall, WAY too expensive. Our bill was $43 for two 12" po boys and two half price beers. That,s without the tip....... $50 for two sandwiches and two beers...please where am I, Paris? No, just Magazine St. NOLA. 
My suggestion, for great po boys go down to Cajun Seafood on S. Broad.
If you want to try Mahoney's, then hang out during happy hour, split a po boy...unless of course you make tons of money and $50 for a quick bite and a beer is no big deal!!I guess it is a little pricy but the sizes were so huge that it made up for it in my case. I could barely finish half of my po boy which tasted really great w/ fries washed down w/ Abita purple haze :) 
Not gonna lie, Mahony's kinda won my heart when I saw the old school arcade game in the center of the room....it's been ages since I've seen one. I digress...somewhat pricy, portions make up for the price and you will probably have to wait around awhile but hey...play a video game to pass the time.This is probably the highest level example of a fine dining po boy place in existence.  I used to eat here pretty often when they first opened but now the wait and prices have gotten outrageous and there are simply too many other places to get a po boy.  The prices are sometimes crazy expensive.  The last time I went and ordered a regular shrimp po boy they told me the "market price" of the shrimp would make it nearly $30 (they then offered me a smaller popcorn shrimp po boy for $15)!!!  The Big Fisherman seafood market down the street was still selling the biggest shrimp for $9 a pound so I'm not sure what market they were using.  I got a bit worried back in the days when I ate here often when several Hollywood actors, of the famous type, started slumming it up here and before too long the tourists started showing up in droves and there was a line out the door to get in the place confirming my worst fears.
They do use local, fresh, quality ingredients and I'm all for making profit but wow I've never heard of a $30 po boy anywhere else ($15 for oyster at the height of the BP troubles is the closest I've ever seen).  I really like all of their seafood selections and especially their fried green tomato and grilled shrimp po boy and they use huge shrimp in their gumbo (that they only make on Friday but they never seem to make enough and always run out so I never seem to be able to get that anymore).  I also liked their turkey but wasn't so fond of their roast beef (go to Tracy's for a better and quicker one).
If there isn't a line it might be worth checking out if the prices have gotten back to reasonable levels.  They also seem to have some decent happy hour specials on beer.  Usually they have some pretty nice people working in the place that are good about taking care of you and bringing you refills promptly.  I would still expect to pay around $15 for a po boy which that is not very po and would get you a decent dinner at several nicer places.  If you are in the mood for some fine dining po boys then this is your place!Unfortunately not up to my expectations. 
Came here during a trip to NOLA for Thanksgiving, heard it's serves one of the best poboys in town. Had the traditional shrimp poboy, a friend had their signature roast beef poboy, another had etouffée, and all were disappointed.
The food was extremely greasy, and dont get me wrong, I love greasy food, but this was not the good type of greasy. The fries and the onion rings were almost soggy from being soaked in oil. I only enjoyed the fried oysters, but I've never had those anywhere else so I dont know how they compare. The po boys were so dry and the bread looked old. I know we came after lunchtime but I expected good food either way. 
I gave them two stars for the friendly service.The roast beef po-boy was delicious but Not good enough to make up for the extremely rude staff behind the counter. The girl that took out order acted like a total brat when we asked about the specials. Then had the nerve to roll her eyes while my mom and I decided on splitting a sandwich or getting two.   It was around 3pm and was slow, maybe 3 tables. No excuse for her poor attitude. This is the first time I've published a bad review. It was that bad!While waiting for my sandwich at the counter I noticed that the cocktail tray containing the fruit and which faced the customer was very dirty. I pointed it out to the bartender and she simply wiped it which just removed the condensation.  This needed to be scrubbed to remove all the stuck on food but she did nothing further.  it was disgusting to have to look at it.If you are a local - stay away on big weekends. We eat here regularly and are here on Final Four Saturday and treated as though our business doesn't matter. We ordered one roast beef Poboy and have now waited for over an hour. There is a sign at the register requesting no cell phones while ordering, however, that didn't stop the women on front of us from calling all of those friends to get their order , while the line behind them waited for over 10 minutes. Clerk should have not taken that order and should have told them to wait till they got here. Service sucks. Management should stand by their posted signs. Won't be back here anytime soon. 
Poboy wasn't even that good....meat had no flavor....won't be back at all.Dressed pot roast po-boy (12" was huge). Very good, tender meat. Still not as good as Parkway in my humble opinion. Indifferent hipster guy at the register and Smiths background music brought the place down a notch or two as well. It did take a while. But I would rather wait for a cooked to order sandwich than have something speedy and stale.It was so good!!! Exactly as feature in FoodNetwork!!! the food was delicious!! authentic New Orleans Po-Boy!!!!I have tried this place 3 times. The first time was good, the second time was ok and the third time we left after waiting 20 minutes for someone to acknowledge us. The fries were good and the Po Boy was average. I would prefer Zimmer's and a drive to the Lakefront.One of the few places that has some pre-Katrina themes on lunch items.  Excellent gumbo, wedge salad.  Roast Beef poboy is amazing.  Service...well.  I guess if they went faster, no one would have a place to sit.Very, very slow service.  I arrived and placed a take out order for 1 oyster poboy, fries, onion rings, 2 teas at 1:59pm.  Total was $41.  I left an $8 tip.  The restaurant was steady but most certainly not slammed.  I mentioned to the server taking the order that my 2 yr old son fell asleep just before we arrived so my wife and kids were waiting in the car.  I stand in the waiting area at the front of he house.  At about 20-25 mins, I inquire with staff about the order.  Very nicely they say it won't be long......and every 3-5 mins, some comes and says it will only be another minute or two.  Finally, it is capped by the bartender who originally took the order telling me my order was next.  At this point, it has been over 40 minutes for 1 sandwich order, fries, onion straws, sweet tea!  Again, not at peak time, peak season and I had told them I had a sleeping kiddo in the car.  The cook in the back told the bartender to give me a discount for my wait, but when she told him I already paid with a card, there was no further reparation.  I must whole heartedly encourage you to stay away from Mahoney's.My first poboy... I'll remember it forever because it only lasted 5 seconds...
I got a friend shrimp poboy with fried green tomatoes and an order of fried pickles.  The portions were pretty generous for both, bordering on insane for the pickles. Overall very good meal but based on the next several poboy joints I tried I can only give this place 4 stars. Service was great though and definitely recommend this place if you're in the area looking for a poboy.Possibly the best meal I had in New Orleans. We had the Peacemaker with fried oysters (fried oysters, bacon, and cheese po boy), the fried shrimp po boy, and the loaded fries (french fries with cheddar cheese and roast beef gravy). All were phenomenal, with great flavor and high-quality ingredients. The fried oysters on the Peacemaker especially were extremely good. I seriously can't understand how this place doesn't have a 4+ rating. I will definitely make it a point to come back here each time I visit New Orleans, even above the classic places like Cafe Du Monde or Acme Oyster House. This is the best!!!!!!!Major points to Mahoney's for using real French bread! That's something that you really can't take for granted anymore. I ordered a po-boy at another place earlier this week, and the bread was more like "Subway" bread. If it's not French bread, it's not a real po-boy! 
Overall, while the po-boy was adequate, it didn't really hit the spot. The shrimp were kind of bland. I tasted more cornmeal and oil flavor than I did shrimp. 
They don't charge extra if you want it dressed, which is nice. However, I don't think it was a good value for $14.99, especially since it didn't come with a side item or anything. The same sandwich at Joey K's is $10 for the same size. 
I also ordered a side of potato salad for $2. The flavor was really, really good, but it seemed to have chewy, almost dehydrated chunks of potatoes that were kind of rubbery and hard to chew. 
I think one visit was enough to satisfy my curiosity.My husband and I both always leave here full and satisfied. They have great traditional New Orleans style food in generous servings. 
There is a patio and outside seating that is dog-friendly. 
Any time that we have been there it has been seat-yourself & a very relaxed serving style, but we haven't seen it extremely busy.It's not worth the wait for a po-boy that takes over 30 mins . The sandwiches were ok !! I would just got straight to " butcher " .
It took us almost 45 mins to sit and then another 30 mins to get our foodI saw this place on Diners, Drive Ins and Dives and couldn't wait to try the food here. I got a shrimp po'boy and my husband got the peacemaker w/o bacon and an oyster po boy to take home. I tried all three and they were good not great. I was also disappointed by the bread pudding that was almost all bread and no custard.
It wasn't really worth the trip from CBD but since the people were nice, the area was lovely and the restaurant was cute, I let it slide.Mahony's is a solid lunch spot with some very friendly staff and a pretty thorough menu. That being said, the food was just OK, if I could I would probably leave 3.5 stars. Let's dive into it.
I came here on a Saturday with my friend for an early lunch on a beautiful day. We shared the breakfast fries and I ordered a hot sausage poboy. The breakfast fries were solid, topped with gravy, debris, fried eggs, etc. The fries themselves were average, I probably would not order them again. The poboy was insignificant. The bread was so-so, nothing to write home about. 
If you're craving a poboy and do not want to suffer the long line at Domilise's, Mahony's is not a terrible option.So was I expecting something more out of Mahony's? Maybe.. I got the chicken livers and slaw poboy, and it tasted just alright to me. The bread was extremely overwhelming, so I chucked most of it to the side and focused on the ingredients. 
I won't come out of my way to get this if that's what you're wondering. There are probably better places around. Staff are friendly and welcoming tho, gotta give them that.Service is great, the male bartender is very good and easy on the eyes. Great atmosphere on Magazine st. The food however needs lots of work for the price Cesar salad came with poorly cooked dark meat that cost an extra 4.95.   Bad choice . With all the competition around their restaurant it seems they would do a better job with the menu.We went to Mahoney's for lunch for the first time today.  At first, looking at the menu, we had sticker shock.  The prices for Po-Boys seemed kinda high.
So, we split a large Root Beer Glazed Ham and Cheese Po-Boy.  It was amazing! I could barely finish my half!
And, we definitely feel as though we got our money's worth, there was plenty of meat filling that yummy goodness.
Being right on Magazine Street, we enjoyed people watching also.  
I highly recommend Mahoney's for anyone, visitors and locals!Definitely worth the trip from the French Quarters! My husband thought the the peacemaker was the the best sandwich he has every had! Must check out this place! Also, had the best service from Duffy. Thank you!OVERPRICED! This was my first time trying this place and I absolutely did not like it and will not go back. I ordered two fried shrimp poboys and they were ok..just ok.. Nothing, I would take a drive and go get. The fries I ordered were hard and stale..paid $32 for my whole ordered..A WASTE OF MONEY. I would have been better off getting gas station poboy!Great shrimp and oyster. Worth the wait.Short rib po boy excellent as well as the catfish. Staff was very kind. Will visit again .The peace maker has moved almost to the top of my favorite po boy. It's one you need to try, fried oysters, bacon and good cheddar cheese. You can't do much better than that. 
The dirty fries are also worth trying, great homemade fries covered with melted cheddar and then smothered with their roast beef gravy mix. 
Their fried green tomatoes seemed about average to me, as was the bread pudding.Came back.  2 for 1 draft beers all day on Thursday.  Hello Abita, goodbye sobriety.  Fried green tomatoes came with a weird creamy sauce with hardboiled egg in it.  I say weird because I don't know what it was, but it was good.  Got the famous pacemaker: fried oysters, cheddar and bacon.  The cheese could have been more melted.  The market price, $23 for a 12 inch, could have been a little bit less.  Total tab for the tomatoes, pacemaker and 2 beers was $34.  Not the cheapest dinner for how casual a place it is, but bacon and mayonnaise and cheese and fried oysters all in the same bun is really something everyone should try.Wanted to try a po boy, found this spot. My po boy (fried shrimp) was very good, they also have some local beers on tap, great deal on fries on the side, and nice outdoor seating.Loved their short rib po-boy! The front porch is a great place to eat if you can grab a table there.Definitely not my first choice as far as po boy shops go but it's a good place to go for a quick lunch on magazine, or to bring people who are visiting the city (kind of a touristy vibe to me). Only complaint I have is that the last time I went, I ordered a muffuletta and the bottom slice of bread was a bit soggy.. Yuck. Other than that, every po boy, side/appetizer (wings, fries green tomatoes, fries, cole slaw) I've tried have been decent. I'm kind of just indifferent-- I don't love or hate the place. It's just.. Meh.Mahony was one of the place we want try for the past several years & now we got a chance to try it.  This place is over rated.
Every year when we pass by after 11:30am , there are always a long line out the door so this time the family got there by 11:15am. 
Service:  Good, friendly waitress.  However, they automatically add 20% tip on to the ticket for # people & up, assuming 6 & up since we had 9 adults + 2 children.  She does come & ask how we're doing but didn't refill any drinks.  If they put 15% then I'm ok but wasn't happy with the 20% with limited services.  They really jacked it up on the tip. 
Food:
  - po-boys were good & bread is crunchy & really flaky.  Out of all the food we
    had, po-boy was the best.
  - Crawfish étouffée was on the salty side. VERY SALTY.  Usually with this type
    of food, you expect it to come out hot, but it was not HOT the dish was room
    temp.  We told the waitress that it was cold then she said that they will
    reheat it.  Reheat?  Yes, they reheated via MICROWAVE.  How we know?
   Plate was hot BUT the étouffée was warmer than before.  Wasn't HOT all all!
   Also, we were asking "Where's the crawfish?"  Was more on tomato side than 
   crayfish, creole version. 
 - Fried green tomatoes are good.  An order has about 8-10 quarter pieces of tomatoes.
 - Onion rings are good, nothing extraordinary. 
Overall, if you want to try Mahony, best is to stay with po-boys as main dish & come before 11:30am.Great location serving mediocre food, which means it should be easy to get a table here.   Ordered the triple sampler (etoufee, red beans & rice, gumbo) which was brought to me in three separate, little cups on a metal tray.   Reminded me of fruit cups in cafeteria lunches back in grade school!   Oh, there were two non-matching slices of white french bread. I didn't see any butter, so I asked the waiter who said he'd try to find some, but thought they were out of butter.  Seriously?    I sent him off to look harder, please.  He finally came back with some tiny pre-packaged butter.   Food was good though portions are small.   The overall quality of the experience here is definitely uneventful.First time checking out Mahony's and I had a pretty good french fry and cheddar po-boy here. But, I was surprised at how much $$ I spent on two sandwiches and two beers! 
The outdoor seating is nice but right on the street. I will definitely stop by here again and give it another try, but I was not overly impressed my first time.Excellent po-boys and huge portions. The bread is fresh and the food is really great going into the sandwich. A friend also ordered their gumbo and had a great lunch. Our server was really friendly and helpful guiding us through the menu. If you'e in the area, and craving a good po-boy, this should be at the top of your list.We heard this was the place in NOLA to get the best po-boy. We got the peacemaker and roast beef 9 inch po-boys and fried green tomato. It did not disappoint. Those expecting more than just a sandwich may be disappointed. The bread was fresh but not the best I've had on a po-boy. Salvo's has a good break for po-boys. The fried green tomatoes was okay. You have to eat it with the "thousand island-like" sauce. Overall, great place to grab a sandwhich if you're on Magazine street.Stopped here  because it was on DD&D. I had the Peacemaker and my wife had the Shrimp PoBoy.  We also ordered the fried green tomatoes and the small onion rings.   The best part of the meal was the fried green tomatoes and small onion rings. The poboys were not bad, just overpriced.  This is probably one we will not visit again.Kind of disappointing. The service was great and staff was very friendly, but the food was just not that impressive. I got the roast beef/pot roast po boy, and it didn't taste that great. The people I was with got some different kinds and in the end, it felt like a quantity over quality kind of thing. Not worth the trip to magazine street.Under new ownership. So disappointed. Over priced and under-flavored. Had a large short rib. Not even close to being as good as before. So sad.Came here after reading the reviews. Server was kind but service was slow. A few of the poboys were more bread than meat/fish. Onion  rings came out cold and catfish was stiff as a board. Have definitely had better po boys nearby.Good sandwich but I seriously don't know if it is worth the wait. Tuesday afternoon 2pm, maybe 6 other tables and over 30 mins for a sandwich? Eh, I think I will do some research for a better place for my next visit, I won't be back ... I have better things to do with my time.Not a big fan of po-boys only because I don't like all the bread. However, I ended up ordering the shrimp po-boy just to see what the hype was all about. 
I will begin by saying this lunch was great! The shrimp was delicious and the combination of the sandwich was the best. 
I scooted a lot of bread to the side and focused more on the shrimp with all the dressings.  The shoe string onion rings were great and the fries were plentiful but great as well. 
This stop was a success! 
Moving on to our next destination!I was looking forward to this after seeing Emeril Lagasse and Guy Fieri endorse it.  Casual and cute, not too divey but just laid back southern charm. Our server was really friendly and helpful.
If you are looking for amazing po'boys, Mahony's will not disappoint. Have the Peacemaker if you like bacon and oysters!I want to like Mahoney's, apparently, because I've given them more than one shot, but each of the three times I've patronized this place, someone in my party got stale bread. For a poboy shop, this is unforgiveable. 
I gave them a three anyway because I do like their fillings. The shrimp and fried green tomato remoulade is tasty and a pleasant change from the basics. The rootbeer glazed ham is weirdly good, as is the meatball. 
I have, however, given up going there entirely. The prices are too high to gamble on nasty bread when there are about a million poboy shops that don't have this problem.I was steered wrong by Guy this time around. I went to Mahoney's in the middle of my po boy binge, and I expected it to really steer me right. On Diner's, Drive-in's, and Dives, this fine establishment showed some flare. After I saw the pricing--roughly $20+ for a large special--I was taken aback.
I figured I would give some of the "special" offerings a shot, so I went with a fried green tomato and remoulade. In hind sight, I should have gone with something with cooked animal. I mean, they had one that boasted bacon, cheese, and fried oysters! Alas, I went with a poor choice.
The green fruits had a tooth, but they yielded perfectly once a bite was exerted, and the cornmeal crust boasted the perfect crunch. The bun was good, and the remoulade was not bad. All in all, I thought the sandwich here was good... it just did not blow me away. Yes, I made a poor choice.
Mahoney's sits on a cool little strip of Magazine, and it fits right into the neighborhood, providing those doing some upscale shopping with some down home cookin', with a tough of finesse. You will still pay out the tail, though. The people in front of me had a $20/person lunch!Everything it was cracked up to be. Great service! Short rib poboy was out of this world. The service was prompt and friendly. It doesn't get any better than this.Skip the etouffee and gumbo. Etouffee was a soupy tomato mess, sort of reminiscent of jumbalaya if compared to any New Orleans dish. When I asked the waitress if she potentially mixed up my order, she stated that it was the etouffee and they were just working out the kinks...Overall, just a huge confusing dish. The gumbo was slightly better, but you can definitely find better ones elsewhere. Stick to the po'boys - they looked good and I was so jealous every time the waitress walked by with an order of the sandwiches.Had a fantastic Po boy , Chicken liver and slaw. Service was fantastic. I would go back today if parking wasnt such an issue on Magazine.I was disappointed in my trip to mahoneys. Yes the service was outstanding, friendly and helpful but the Po Boy's just aren't up to par and way over priced in my opinion. I have had a much better Po Boys for nearly half the price. I just don't understand what makes this place so great other than their service.
I was in a group of three people and we were all served approximately 5 minutes apart. The first to recieve his food was nearly done by the time the second sandwich arrived. I just don't see myself coming back here, so many better places where I can spen half as much andstill come out ahead.Yum, this place serves one hell of a po boy. The service is hit or miss, I have been multiple times. Great food, a bit pricey.Not impressed with the food, over priced. I got the loaded fries, it had a weird taste kinda burnt oil. Then i got a meatball poboy i wished i knew they added Italian sausage. I got another poboy a turkey that was ok, little skimpy. I will try this place again to make sure.Admittingly, a food network show brought me here. I wanted a great Po Boy and to check out the Garden District so it worked out. I got an oyster po boy and it's probably one of the I've ever had. It's simple and no fuss with plump oysters and great bread, just a good example of a delicious sandwich.I can't imagine any other review than a completely glowing one. Being from out of town we got a recommendation from a local that this was the ONLY place to have a Po-Boy. He's was right! It was delish! The place is quaint and homey and the service was spot on. The Bloody Mary was also super tasty. We d it!!!Okay, I know that shrimp po-boys are as classic as red beans and rice on Mondays, nonetheless Mahony's shrimp Po-boys are a must try. I was quite pleased with it I went back two days in a row.. Great lunch spot and the staff was very friendly. Oh did I tell you about the onion straws those little things will cause a lunch brawl (Don't touch mine get your own)I just ate what was quite possibly the best po-boy I have ever had.
I have heard both good and bad about Mahony's, but wanted to try for myself. The talk of lengthy waits always deterred me, but yesterday at 5:00 p.m., there was no wait. I was even able to park directly in front which made the experience even more perfect.
As I entered, I was immediately greeted by two very friendly employees. I decided to go all out and I ordered a pot roast beef po-boy plus an order of dirty fries with cheese (cheese fries with roast beef gravy). In about 10 minutes my food was ready, and I headed back to work to eat.
When I opened the container of dirty fries, I was surprised at how large it was. It was easily enough food for two or more people. I highly recommend splitting it. The fries seemed to be fresh cut, and were covered in their amazing roast beef gravy with chunks of beef throughout. These were the best example of gravy fries I have ever had.
When I unwrapped the po-boy, it seemed like a normal run of the mill roast beef. When I took a bite, holy hell, it was incredible. The roast beef was tender, plentiful and tasted so wonderful that I wanted to lick the paper it came in. It was the best version of roast beef I have ever had. If this sandwich was an example of what they regularly put out, I may be willing to wait hours to get one as long as there was a steady supply of beer to keep me occupied.
The total for both items was $16 and some change. While not cheap, it was more than worth it.
In summary, I am in love with Mahony's roast beef.When Guy Fieri and Emeril Lagasse recommend a Po Boy spot, I listen. Went here for an early lunch and was excited to try their Po Boys. Was happy to see some unique variety on the menu. The bread was great, toppings were big and fresh. Picture perfect sandwiches. They lacked flavor / seasoning and were too pricey for a sandwich. This place probably gets better as the day goes but it wasn't as good as I expected.Wasn't disappointed! We had the sparerib poo-boy and were pleasantly surprised by this nontraditional sandwich. Everything on it, the bread, the sauce, the arugula, deep fried onion ribbons, and the sparerib were a perfect marriage! The jambalaya is very "tomatoey" but very good and plentiful.While this isn't my favorite place to grab a po-boy, it was certainly delicious and hit the spot.  Though, I'm not going to lie, this place was a little pricey.  Isn't that the point of a po-boy, to be cheap and filling?
Great location, though it did take a bit for our po-boys to come out.  Again, this is a pattern we noticed in New Orleans, incredibly s-l-o-w service.  And especially when you are drunk/hungover, you want your food quick.
Great shop, just not my favorite...I know they are known for their Po-Boys, but their crawfish étouffe fries were life changing! The staff was so nice and accommodating, I will definitely be a return customer!Mahony's is good but just way too expensive for Poboy.  So although they offer a bunch of good sandwiches and other items,  i just can't help but feel played when I eat there. They don't even load the sandwich up. So it's a good place to just bring out of towners who may already be on magazine and aren't yet ready for the new orleans gas station poboy experience lol.This was one of the best po-boy I've had. 
But not only were the po-boy incredible, but the Dirty fries rock.
Bring a hungry belly and be ready for a great meal.
My personal favorite is the fried oyster po-boy.LOVE THIS PLACE!  Also- its in the perfect location to take a nice long walk after you stuff yourself!Neal and I visited Mahoney's on our first trip to New Orleans for our first real po' boy experience.  This place is popular so expect to wait at least a half hour for your food.  If you are hungry the portions will not disappoint you.  I got a fried okra po' boy, and Neal ordered a half muffeletta which was approximately 10 pounds in weight.  The whole would be about the size of a manhole cover.  He ate 2 or 3 slices before throwing in the towel and we wrapped the monster up and stuck it in our scooter seat with hopes of giving it to a homeless person at some point along our travels.  Unfortunately there it stayed for the rest of the hot april day and ended up going in the trash.  I do remember feeling remorse that we didn't put it in the fridge for a later meal.My wife and I made a special trip to the Garden District to visit Mahoney's, but it wasn't wort the effort.  Our poboys were delicious, but the fried green tomatoes were blah and very expensive.  The line was long and moved slowly - I think we waited fifteen minutes just to order.  The woman at the counter was rude and cranky, and didn't bother to tell us until much later that the wait for our food would be 45 minutes.  To me, this is just not acceptable for a sandwich.  I can only guess why it takes 45 minutes to make a sandwich... my best guess is that only one person can cook in this joint? They need to step up the service big-time. To make people wait an hour from the time they step foot into your sandwich shop until they are served - rudely - is counter to the whole premise of owning a restaurant.  I wonder how much business they loose on that element alone.  Also, really expensive.  Won't be going back.  
If you are going to expect your customers wait so long and pay so much, is a smile too much to ask?  How about chips or something to help us wait? Clean the bathroom?Bang for your Buck: 9.5/10
Quality: 9/10
Service: 10/10
Ambiance/Location: 10/10
Overall: 9.5/10
Okay, so maybe I'm a bit biased because they had Barq's Red Cream soda at the soda fountain, but we really enjoyed Mahoney's Po-Boys. It's a great spot to grab a quick, but delicious lunch, when shopping on Magazine St. We split the fried green tomato po-boy, and it was out of this world delicious. The service is phenomenal with such sweet and attentive servers. We can't wait to go back on our next trip to NOLA!Awesome bar / restaurant! Bartender Jinie and manager Megan were  friendly and personable. Other customers we're more than friendly! Highly recommend!After all of the hype and recommendations I expected more. The food was ok and the ambience was friendly. However, the po-boys were very expensive and it took over an hour to get our sandwiches on a not so busy afternoon. In my opinion, there are much better po-boy's in uptownI am a huge "Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives" fan, so I had to try this place out when I got to New Orleans and realized it was only a few blocks from my place. I had read a few reviews of bad service, but I had a great experience. The staff was nice and my food came out really quickly. I had the root beer glazed ham po-boy, which was great and enough food for 2 meals. The atmosphere made me wish that I had not ordered to-go and took a seat at the bar.
I can't comment on my po-boy in comparison to others in New Orleans, but I thought this one was great and I will be going back to try more!**May as well have eaten a few packets of salt.**
I went here because it was near my hotel. Typical tourist mistake. I walked about 1/4 mile down the road to this little spot. Cute decor, bar, nice vibe.
LOCATION. Cute!!! Nice outdoor patio, looking over Magazine St. Indoors, there are tables and a bar. Comfy feel... I have no complaints about the way the resto was laid out. Quaint, homey, and comfortable. 
SERVICE. When I asked my server whether to get the Roast Beef or the Short Rib Po'Boy, surprise, he suggested the more expensive of the two. Go figure.
I waited a full 15 minutes for the goddamn sandwich. The place was NOT slammed. I don't understand why braised meat took SO long to get to the window. I won't even begin to give my opinion about why this took so long. Everyone says that things move slower in the South, but cooks shouldn't move slowly in ANY city... Especially an epic city like New Orleans. Shameful.
FOOD. The Short Rib Po'Boy ($13 for a HALF sandwich). It had braised short rib, arugula, tomato, fried onion strings, and aioli. It smelled EPIC!!!! When I took a bite, my tongue immediately felt the burn of salt. I kid you not, I suffered a salt burn from their over-reduced short rib. I know how shorty's are kept during service, so I KNOW that these "cooks" weren't adding water to the ever-reducing short ribs. The result?... A disgustingly unpalatable short rib sandwich. I took two or three bites, and ended up repurposing the sandwich contents. Most of it went into the garbage, and the meat went into a bowl of ramen and nori, that I cooked up on a camping stove. ((I'm on a road trip, so it's all I could do.)) I'd have added an egg, if I had one. 
OVERALL. This place sucked. It basically taught me a very important lesson: Not everyone in NOLA can make a decent po'boy, and these people certainly don't care enough to maintain high standards. Garbage. If it wasn't a million degrees outside, I'd have returned it and ripped the kitchen staff some new assholes. 
Disgusting slop that I wouldn't feed to a Guantanamo prisoner. If you're gonna be lazy and careless, just close your doors, buy some weed, and watch COPs all day, in a trailer. Garbage. Thanks for totally ruining my FIRST po'boy in NOLA... I never bought another one while I was in town, because your sandwich was SO bad. You represented your city, and you totally sucked. Your timing, your service, and your cooks were all a VERY poor reflection of your city.Hurricanes and fried oysters! Excellent. Po boys are huge and great specials. Thank you to Brandon in the kitchen for telling us about the restaurant while on the St Charles trolley. Get off at the Louisiana stop and walk about 4-5 blocks to Magazine. You won't be sorry!!This Poboy Shop is one of the 10 best Poboys Shops in the State of Louisiana and I have been to most all of them. My favorite Mahoney's is the Peacemaker (Fried Oysters, Cheddar Cheese, Bacon, dressed). However, after consuming a homemade Peachmaker at my friend Bob Chauvin's house in La Place, I am left with a desire for a better Peacemaker at Mahoney's including thicker, crisper Bacon and a better Cheddar cheese (especially at $15 menu price for a 6-inch). Still, its pretty damn good!The food was so good it's just not fair. Lol we had sausage gravy, shrimp salad, and chicken (it was ok) but that gravy. OMG! Service was good too once they noticed we were there.Been meaning to try this place for years.  Actually, I have been there at least twice to eat but the line was out the door and, of course, there are lots of other choices in New Orleans.  
Saturday afternoon, parking spot half a block away.  There were a handful of empty tables, so we parked ourselves at one.  Service was quick and friendly.  The menu covers the usual poboy offerings, full bar, multiple versions of fries, sides, specials and more.  
The Pig Fries caught our attention - there wasn't  a whole lot of detail on what exactly they were but sounded neat so we ordered some to accompany our poboys. 
The fries came up quickly - wow, this is meal in itself.  Not sure what I thought was coming, but this wasn't it.  Seriously, this is a large plate of fries, pork, cheese, probably half a dozen other things I am forgetting.  Very tasty, but no way this world class athlete is eating half a plate of pig fries and a large meatball parmesian poboy.  
Both poboy's were very good.  The bread was excellent.  
It's a little pricey, so wouldn't eat here regularly on principle, but a can't-go-wrong choice for the occasional lunch.I have eaten here multiple times and every time the food is spot on.   They have mastered the New Orleans po-boy experience.   As far as sandwiches go I recommend the Oyster and the Grilled Shrimp.  As for side the Onion rings are great.Way, way, WAY overpriced.  My girlfriend and I spent 35 bucks for two sandwiches.  WTF.  
We've eaten here twice (4 sandwiches total) and only one of them really knocked my socks off.  We spent over 60 bucks on those damn sandwiches...1 out of 4 isn't good enough.
I had a soft shell crab po boy.  It was ok.  The best part about it was eating a soft shell crab.  It's just fun.  Other than that, it was only mediocre.  The crab was cold when I received it (normal?), and they only put butter on the roll. A bit plain.
The lady ordered a shrimp remoulade po boy.  It was damn tasty.  Great flavors and textures. 
Yet these things were outrageously priced.
Our second trip we ordered to go.  We ordered another shrimp remoulade and a peacemaker (oysters and bacon).  I know these are the priciest sandwiches on the menu, but they didn't taste like it.  The cheese was cold on mine and hers wasn't nearly what we remembered from our first trip.  Very disappointing.
They have a lot of potential, but your dollar could go a lot farther if you just get a po boy from one of the corner groceries.  
Not worth it.A friend originally from Nola brought us to Mahoney's to have genuine muffaletta's as our first official meal in the Big Easy. The wait was fairly long but it was worth it! We shared an order of onion rings, dirty fries (fries topped with what I think was pork smothered in some sort of gravy), and a half muffaletta sandwich. The fries surprisingly reminded me of my grandmother's cooking, delicious beyond words and the sandwich was unlike anything I've tasted before. However, because we ordered the muffaletta hot, it took an additional 20-30 minutes for our food to be ready. 
Exceptional staff, great service and a very laid back vibe. We actually came a second time before going back home to NYC, taking with me a doggy bag for my wait during the connecting flight (lol!).I had a po' boy as big as my ARM yesterday, for serious. That is, it was placed in front of me and then I ate half. These things are ridiculous... stuffed with stuff.  I opted for fried green tomatoes because I love 'em (maybe even slightly obsessed) and I'm a vegetarian (there are a couple options for us). It comes piled with whatever you choose and if you get it dressed, it'll come loaded with lettuce, tomato and... PICKLES. Holy crap. 
Nothin' po about these boys. Not a damn thing. Pricey, but could possibly fill you up for the entire day, depending.I was so excited to try my first oyster po'boy here but was underwhelmed and disappointed, however Colleen the bartender was so sweet as well as the rest of the staff.This place is fairly average, but strangely enough I like their po-boys over Parkway.
The angus roast beef po-boy was juicy, the odd basket of shoestring onion rings were decent. Shrimp was good.
Service was not good today. Waited 8 min after an estimated 5 min before I started counting. And that was just to get water and a root beer. We were quite literally the only ones in the place aside from 2 guys sitting at the bar who left shortly after we arrived.
The food came out fast, but honestly I think I would have felt better about this place if there wasn't an unreasonable wait attached to getting our food. Might come back for a 2nd attempt, but this service really has me on the fence.A friend and I ordered roast beef poboys and were disappointed.  It was dry and uninspiring.  We had better roast beef poboys elsewhere.  We waited 45 l-o-n-g minutes, from the time we placed our order until it was brought to us.  We did not expect our wait to take that long because it was after normal lunch hours on a weekday.       
It seems the majority of reviewers found Mahoney's great, perhaps we were there on an off day or ordered the wrong thing.   I am willing to return to check it out again.Currently sitting in Mahoney's about to leave. Walked in and the dude says to me we can't sit you yet. Plenty of seats available so I ask why not, and tells me they're just incredibly understaffed so we'll have to wait. Ok. That's fine but when tables get up and leave and you make me wait twenty minutes without acknowledging the wait, you can suck it. 
Should have known when Guy Fieri endorsed this place it would be crap.I had the regular shrimp po-boy and the price was outrageous, the french bread inordinately small, and the shrimp obviously skimped. 
I've had much better po-boys in Kenner and Metairie. 
The only good thing about my experience was the huge styrofoam lunch box filled with fries with gravy which included a hearty chunk of roast beef settled right on top for only $5.99.Solid food and po-boys, but it just way too expensive for a 'Po-Boy Shop.'
Much cheaper alternatives...Magazine Street Po-boys...Parkway...etc.
But if you dont mind spending the dough, a solid eatery.
GET THE PEACEMAKER. Fried Oysters, Cheddar, and Bacon. Would probably end up eating this more than I should, if I had the money. Solid hand cut fries, and onion rings as well.
But for my money, I'll more than likely hit up somewhere else.Was in New Orleans for vacation and this address was listed in Yelp and on several review sites as the best Po-Boy in the city. Well, the business has apparently since changed hands because the address was that for a Po-Boy shop, but the name was different and the menu had changed. 
I still wanted to try a Po-Boy, so I ordered the shrimp with an Abita beer. The woman behind the counter was incredibly helpful and told me right off the bat that she was working on some large take out orders so there was a 30 min wait. I'm so glad she told me - that was great service. I went ahead and placed my order, grabbed my beer, and stepped outside to sit at one of the tables and bask in the mid-day sun.
The sandwich came out right on time - 30 min later. It was definitely good, but nothing to write home about. The dressing was a little light and there was way too much bread for the sandwich. The shrimp was cooked perfectly, though and there was just enough of the other fixins (lettuce, etc) to go with the meat. 
I would probably try another po-boy shop in the future, but the service, the ambiance, and the outdoor seating really made my lunch a happy time!This place is great. I just made it back into town after nearly two years and this place delivered exactly what I wanted-excellent poboys, drinks, and service. The debris fries were every bit as good as I expected. If you don't know what debris is, then ask and enjoy.I was in NOLA in 2011, visited Mahony's and was impressed with the service and food then.  Fast forward to 2018...went back to Mahony's.  Even better than 7 years ago.  Excellent, quick, friendly service and reasonable prices. Had The Pork & Slaw P.O. Boy Sandwich.  It was piled high with meat, and crammed with tangy, tasty Cole slaw, tomato slices and pickles.  Left feeling full beyond belief.  Will definitely be a "must go to" place on my next visit!Platter was really good. The sandwiches were average especially the gator po' boy.Great lunch yesterday at Mahoney's. Oh yeah: I have heard the haters and doubters and yes it has changed in the last five years. It's not as divey and informal as in the past. But neither do you wait. bored out of your mind in a long line as some first timer takes 5 minutes to merely grasp the number of po-boys but to then ask: why would it need to be dressed? The po-boys (we had the classic shrimp and oyster ones) are still perfectly prepared. The onion rings and debris fries remain excellent; the beer is cold. The wait staff are efficient and fun. If you want something else--go for it and leave Mahoney's for me.This is such a quaint eatery! The bread they use for their sandwiches is crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The roast beef is really tender and not too heavy. The hamburger comes on a roll and is soooo delicious (yeah I had a hamburger at a po boy shop, but whatever!). When I come back (because I definitely will), I want to try the root beer glazed chisesi's ham & cheese, fried catfish po boy, and sweet potato crunch pie. The prices are reasonable and the sandwiches come in small, large, and supa (30in). 
Eat it. Really like it. Repeat.Don't go to Mahony's if you are on any kind of time schedule. We ordered po-boys and it took 45 minutes to get them.   It is a semi-self service shop, you place your order at the counter and when they rang it up, they added a 15% tip!  In view of the slow service, I probably wouldn't have left a tip, and anyway all they did was bring the sandwiches to the table.   The po-boys were average in taste and above-average in price.   We don't plan to go back.I am always surprised to see sub par reviews about this place. My husband and I have been eating here since they opened. It is easily, in our opinion, the very best po-boys in town. They are huge, fresh and freaking delicious! You might have to wait....you might pay more then somewhere else...quality is expensive and it takes a minute. Go to McDonald's if you want fast food sandwiches for $3. I'll be chilling at Mahony's drinking a beer and eating a veal parm po-boy.Ok!  So the first thing that you'll notice about this place outside of the absolute darling location is they play REALLY good music! It's like being in your favorite 80'movie! 
OKAY let's get to the food! Everything I ate was good! 
Oyster PoBoy...Out of this WORLD!  I couldn't even taste the oyster really. Everything just goes together so well its Ile one ingredient. 
Fried Chicken Livers...Didn't think I'd like them to be honest but boy did I!!! The sauce that comes with them is so tasty!  I didn't even need hot sauce!
Fried Pickles...So light, fluffy and crispy all at the same time. Just excellent. 
I really enjoyed this place!
I know you will too. They have great service so your in good hands!
#IwillBeBackFinally escaped work for lunch and decided to go to nearby Mahony's. I was pretty impressed with the Root Beer Glazed Chisesi's Ham & Cheese po'boy because I've ordered root beer glazed from other po'boy shops before and couldn't taste the root beer. I could taste it here and it was very yummy!! 
They have a full bar, happy hour from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m and all day on Thursday, but it doesn't seem like a place that I'd like to enjoy a well from. The vibe, to me at least, is po'boy shop and no more.  
Service was friendly, but not the quickest for someone watching the clock.Meh. It's ok. Fair at best. So many better places for a much better tasting poboy for much better prices. We had the crawtator catfish, the roast beef and the loaded fries. I won't be back. Life is too short for "meh".I don't think I could say enough good things about Mahony's. We went fairly late on a weekday evening with friends. The atmosphere was nice, and the service was fantastic! Our waitress was friendly, helpful, and quick with a drink refill. The Po-Boys were delicious and the real star of the show.
I got the Peacemaker with half fried oysters and half fried jumbo shrimp, dressed (are there people who don't get them dressed? I don't know any!) I got a full sandwich but only finished about half of it. The leftovers were great the next day, but I could easily have done with the smaller size, especially if I hadn't been heading back to a fridge. The shrimp were indeed jumbo and very good, but for me the oysters were the best. The breading was crispy and flavorful but didn't overwhelm. I'm drooling just thinking about those oysters!
My husband got the Short Rib Po-Boy. He loved it! The combo of short rib, skinny onion rings, and arugula was amazing. Our friends also shared an order of Pig Fries, and though I was too full, everyone else at the table raved about them.
Great food, fair prices, fantastic service!The large side of onion rings is gigantic! It was definitely enough for 3 people and even to take some home. They were GOOD! The po-boys were a bit expensive. For 4 people, it was about $60. I can't actually comment on the po-boys because I didn't have one. The cold muffaletta half size was still gigantic. It probably wasn't the best muffaletta. Decent enough. Service was very friendly. It did take about 30 minutes for the food to come out though.$15 for a sandwich! I thought they called them "po-boys"?
Cute place. Snobby staff. 30-45 minute wait for a freaking sandwich?!
I suppose if Mahoney's were serving up a gourmet sandwich with crazy fresh toppings it *might* be worth $15 but the bread was tough, the lettuce was shredded iceberg and the whole thing was just ok. 
Oh yeah, there was a nice big piece of fried oyster shell in the sandwich. If you make me wait 30 minutes for a sandwich at least spend and extra minute doing quality control for shit like that. 
What a rip-off. You don't see any other restaurants up-charging their local shrimp and oysters; these guys are clearly taking advantage of the BP spill to charge the shit out of people.By far the largest poboys that we ate on our entire New Orleans trip, and fairly priced. The fried green tomatoes poboy was outasite enormous and good. We only wished that there was a bacon option so we could get a BL(FG)T. They had a special of blue crab fingers with remolade that was terrific. Their potato salad was also nicely balanced with more mustard and hard boiled egg than mayo. Great, more 'foodie-interpretation' of a poboy shack than authentic, but better than most meals we had in NOLA.The staff was wonderful and they're quick to give suggestions and filling up your water glass :D
As far as the food: everything was decent, besides the gumbo. If you're expecting a seafood gumbo then don't order this one. The po boy sandwiches were good - nothing extraordinary though. 
Now the downside is that the prices were sort of steep for what you got. The prices of the seafood po boys were up there but not so much the quality. It was nice to try out on my vacation in NOLA, however I would probably try a different place next time around.The food was OK, not good, not great. The service was either indifferent when present, or missing in action entirely. I was one of two customers in the place, so the service levels were not a result of being busy.
BUT, what really rankled me was the size of the portions. My entrée had the volume of a side, and my sides were the size of something you'd grab off a canapé tray at a cocktail party. A meal for one person with two beers cost $41.00, and I was still hungry when I left this restaurant.
You know that ain't right.Wow, the po boys are so huge my husband and I shared a large shrimp remoulade one and it was delicious. BUT BUT we absolutely could not stop eating the order of onion rings we got for the table. THESE ARE A MUST if you like onion rings, heck even if you aren't sure! They are sliced thinner than angel hair pasta and are simply heavenly. But beware, one order is enough for 4 or 5 people unless that is all you are having (which I would consider next time I go there).  A must if you are in NOLA!An amazing traditional New Orleans po' boy shop that you can't go wrong with.  The peacemaker is a pleasant surprise that combines all your favorite elements of these famous sandwiches.  I will be back as soon as I can!We found this restaurant through diners, drive-ins, and dives. The area was cool and we were welcomed in nicely. We ordered Po'boys as suggested and overall they were good. The chicken parmigiana was tender but the bread was kind of dry and crunchy like a crouton. The pulled pork was the best! Our waitress was ok but it seemed we bothered her when we asked for stuff.I was a regular here before I moved away, so I stop back every time I visit now. My last few visits I feel service has been on the decline, and the ingredients in my po'boy have been... Less. I feel badly writing the review but I'm hoping the company will take note. 
I popped in the other day to place a to-go order and stood unattended at the register for over 10 minutes as one employee stood next to me using the computer and as two ladies behind the counter actually looked at me and ignored me. Do we not order at the register anymore? 
Finally as a line began building behind me, someone came over and said "well, do you know what you want now?", like I couldn't figure it out this whole time. 
They were pretty quick to make the food, but she forgot my drink and was kind of pissy about having to go get it for me at the end. 
It was moderately busy, but no line out the door like I'm used to seeing, so I'm just not understanding the stress/attitude/service problem. New Orleans is a town of hospitality; I hope the staff are reminded of that soon and the love here is restored.Wife always insist we come here to eat when we're in town. I had the turducken po boy fully dressed with the smothered fries. All I can say is AMAZING po boy. Our waitress I forgot her name maybe Cam?, but was very attentive and very nice to even bring out an extra plate for my grandmother whom wasn't really hungry but insisted she test out the fries!! We will back again soon.Pretty good po boys but a little on the pricey side. The ingredients that go into a po boy aren't expensive on their own so how places get away with charging so much is beyond me. Mahoney's does sell the BIGGEST po boys I've ever seen! If you're looking for quantity this might be your place.
I'm on a hunt for the best shrimp po boy in town - it's not at Mahoney's. This might not be a completely true statement since I haven't brought myself to paying for the fresh Market Price shrimp option. I'll have to try that before I make a final judgment.
Overall, this place isn't terrible but I don't think it's all it's cracked up to be. Nice staff and lots of tables inside and out. You can even call ahead and place your order so you don't have to wait in the crucial line!This is a great spot to grab a po'boy or some fried seafood. Really, a great spot for anything fried. 
I've had the spicy catfish and the eggplant Parmesan. They are both good, but the spicy catfish is the best. 
I highly recommend the onion rings. They are the thin onion straw kind and they are perfectly salty and delicious. 
If they are busy the food can be a long wait, but our waitress was very nice and gave us an complimentary order of onion rings after I mentioned how much I love them to make up for the wait. The good service is really what pushes the place from 4 stars to 5 stars.Return trip back to Mahony's after a couple of years... Still great poboys and friendly service.  This go around I tried the roast beef and it was just amazing.  This tasted like the roast your grandmother made in sandwich form.  I ate every bit and once that juice soaks into the bread, you will be hooked.  I will now have to return and try this again.  So terrible, but I'll do it!After loving the roast beef on my first visit, I came back to try their famous grilled shrimp remoulade poboy.  
It was ok but I wouldn't get it again.  I think the grilled shrimp should be chopped and mixed with the sauce and the sauce has too much horseradish for me.  I just wanted to brush my teeth after eating this poboy. 
I'll stick with the roast beef.