Excellent tasting Po-Boys but it could have had mire catfish, pretty skimpy.
Service, very good.Great place to get out of the New Orleans heat. Great cold drinks, yummy appetizers and tasty Po'boys!This place has really good food and the service here is amazing! Everyone is super nice and quick to accommodate! I would definitely recommend for others coming to the area!This is the best shrimp and grits I've ever tasted. The cornbread is unique and tasty. The service was amazing.  I will definitely be going back.Really good food and friendly, helpful servers. The etouffee loaded fries were really great. I had the pot roast Po-boy and it was delicious! The only thing that wasn't great was the kid's burger. My son didn't really like it, but they are known for they're Po-boys so stick with those.Awesome Saturday lunch here. My party was seated with no wait. Even on the touristy part of town, the restaurant was very clean and the service was friendly and prompt. Food (3 po-boys) came out super hot and quickly. The dressed shrimp poboy was delicious. The onion rings were a little greasy but still good. YUM. Fun decor and bar, tooGreat seafood selection combined with outstanding  service. Menu choices were great. Enjoyed our dinner and drinksWe had the pleasure of dining at Mahoney's on Friday, August 31st at about 7:30pm with a party of two. This was our first time ever at this restaurant chain.
We arrived and were promptly seated at a table by the window.  The interior of this restaurant is very classy casual, and we enjoyed the environment.  
For our party of two, we decided to share the Buffalo fried oysters, the Etouffee Fries, and a fried shrimp Po Boy.   We thought all of our food was delicious, really yummy.   The fries and oysters were amazing!  
We enjoyed our visit and there are definitely other menu items we would like to try.  The reason for the one star deduction is that our server definitely made it clear that for some reason she was irritated.  I'm not sure if she would have rather been at home or if there was another reason; however, she was very short and snappy.  She clearly was not presenting genuine hospitality.Ate here with my mom on our trip to New Orleans. Overall a decent spot but the food was kinda bland. The customer service was definitely on point. They got us seated and our drinks in no time. Our waitress was on point which is why I granted the restaurant 3stars the food definitely could have been better. We had green tomatoes along with fried fish dinners and oysters.Not as busy as some of the other restaurants we saw in the French quarter but it should be. The food was really phenomenal and the service was great. It wasn't the fastest but my food made up for it. I got the shrimp dauphin and I loved it. Shrimp, Tasso, artichoke, with a Alfredo sauce spin. My mom got the fried shrimp and homemade onion rings and hers was so good too. We both finished our plates. If I lived here, I'd definitely be back but if I ever come back on vacation, I will be.Their two person sampler is huge and absolutely delicious. A great way to taste different dishes of NOLA. I would recommend a stop for lunch!We had a wonderful catfish dinner with fries, cole slaw and corn bread.  The fries were to die for.  Really, one meal would be enough for two if you were not super hungry.  The service was excellent with great atmosphere and great music.  The manager was friendly and made sure everything was to our satisfaction.  Dinner was reasonable for the french quarter.Went to Mahony's for dinner with my daughter while we were in NOLA. We ordered the shrimp and fried green tomatoe po boy (actually shared it-split in half) because it was huge for just one person. I ordered the spicy potatoe salad and my daugher ordered french fries.
Service was awesome, we were greeted by the lovely hostess and our server Cookie provided us with top notch service and had a lovely personality (southern hospitality).  The restaurant is very nice, classy and modern.  
We also ordered dessert bread pudding with ice cream.  This is not your regular bread pudding. It is made somehow like an ice cream cake with carmel drizzled on top ( I requested on the side).  It is to die for.  Everything on the menu look great and tempting and the portion sizes very large.  We enjoyed every bit of our dinner and can't wait to return in the near future.Honestly, the food is very good. The ambience is excellent. My only reason for giving a 4 star is because the staff & bartenders are ONLY dealing with the fellow staff and fellow bartenders! There is NOOOOO focus on the people they are servicing. They are more worried about getting along and talking with their fellow staff members. And that is sad, because honestly this place is perfect-- clean, good is respectable ( I mean with the exception of the too spicy red beans... too hot, no seriously- like ridiculous). I will come back but they gotta get this mix of service, product and ambience right--- they have ALL the "right stuff" to do it. Manager(s) didn't even come ask us why we thought the beans were inedible.... just credited the ticket (and the restaurant was only about 40% full). Keep up the good work... needs some
Tweaking but nothing bad. Product good.This place was amazing and I highly recommend it. The service was really nice and I was seated with no issue. I ordered the 6 inch peacemaker po'boy, the small gumbo, and the small etouffee (I was hungry) along with a schooner beer, the great raft southern drawl. 
The peacemaker was really good and although the seafood was fried it tasted pretty fresh. There may have been slightly too much mayo but overall that may just come down to personal preference. 
The etouffee and gumbo were both fantastic and I'd be hard-pressed to choose my favorite. The beer went along super well with the food. 
My waitress Cookie I think her name was, was fantastic. I will definitely come back whenever I'm in New Orleans.The peacemaker Po-boy with oysters is a must try. I also discovered the ham and cheese is delicious. They bake the ham with root beer, brown sugar, etc which gives it a syrup like glaze. If you like sweet & salty together you should try it.Great service, food is almost as good. Oysters were the best I've had on this trip to NOLA. Definitely recommend for lunch dinner is good but not as good as lunch. Drinks (not the kids type) are very good. Definitely worth the price and I will definitely go back every time I am in the French Quarter.Tim was our waiter and he was so friendly and nice. He make great suggestions and I went with the Gumbo and Shrimp PoBoy. I was just visiting for the weekend but will deff come eat here whenever I come back.This place is just amazing the food here is so so so good it's fairly new but it is nothing short of amazing! Our waiter Jonathan (i think) was amazing I truly just loved to hear him speak ;) he was so kind and extremely informational with the area. We enjoyed the gumbo, which came with a mini taste of their potato salad, the red fish meal, and Po-Boy, and also the fried chicken and truffle fries the mule and Nawlins lemonade was strong and sooo yummy! . I love this place the also have bad ass cars located inside of the restaurant. I loved visiting this place and so did my family!Me and my wife were on our honeymoon I wanted to try this place cause the food looked good The food was ok my wife got the chicken salad but the chicken wasn't good I got the seafood platter, I really liked it was beautiful. The service we got was really bad it was like we had done something wrong to the lady that was serving us didn't ask us for drinks then just took the drinks away when we finished without asking if we wanted more. Also wouldn't have mind having dessert but as soon as she came back and we finished our food she gave us the check. To our surprise the minimum gratuity we could give was 18% honestly she did not deserve that.Great place. Atmosphere is awesome. Customer service is on point. And the food is wonderful. Must order the shrimp and grits. Nothing like your use to...in a delicious way.This food was ahh-mazing! The owner was so nice and our waiter Kevin was so patient and kind. We had a huge party and they were very cooperative with everything. We appreciate their service, 5 stars!!!!We stopped in for a quick snack since we had dinner planned in a few hours. We had Pimento Caprese which was pimento cheese over fried green tomatoes and arugula. Awesome! Next we had buffalo oysters which is how they sound, served with blue cheese. Excellent.
My wife had the Bloody Mahoney which is their version of a Bloody Mary using infused bacon vodka and garnished with candied bacon.
She loved it. We noticed the other food being served and noted we would try one of the Po-Boys and the thin cut onion rings on our next visit to NOLA.What an EXCELLENT experience!!  The Food Portions are HUGE, and our waiter, Kevin, was Fabulous!!  We fly for an airline, so we travel all over the country, and we will definitely be back!!  The bread was suburb on the po-boys, crunchy, yet soft in the middle... baked in house!!  The appetizer onion rings, and fried pickles were to die for!!  Can't wait to try the fried green tomatoes next time!!  Definitely a MUST VISIT Experience!!!Really enjoyed this restaurant. Was seated quickly on a busy weekend with great service. Everyone enjoyed their meal: Gumbo, Shrimp Po Boy and Grilled Redfish topped with Shrimp. Yum. I would return to this restaurant.Amazing food and atmosphere.  Started with the Homer's Crawfish Almondine, followed up by 2 Po-Boys, the shrimp and their famous "Peacemaker."  The best Po-Boy I've ever eaten.  The fried shrimp and oysters were to die for.  Our least favorite part of the meal was the hand cut fries, but everything else beyond made up for those.I wanted a shrimp Po boy and checked at yelp for nearby places.   The food was great including the onion strings.  The service was great.  Samantha did a great job taking care of us.   Even the lady that greeted us had a smile.  Next time I come to New Orleans I'll be sure to find you againCold and disgusting seafood gumbo worst service ever experienced in New Orleans and way to expensive for what you get.Delicious food, strong drinks. The one missing star is because of the prices and serving size. Shrimp and grits are a must! Fried pickles are a must!I don't know where to start, The Peacemaker Po-boy is amazing! The debris frys are a must! I could get all wordy but what's the point, that would waste your time...time that could be spent eating here!!!Great service, good food, beautiful atmosphere! The fried pickles were delicious! Also, I had the shrimp po'boy dressed and it was very good.I can't remember the last time I had a catfish po-boy with fish that tender...probably never! Lots of flavor as well. The bread also had a beautiful crust. The onion rings were so good that I may be picky about my onion rings from now on. Sliced thin and battered well - nice and crunchy. Please try them!This was my first time here , from first glance the environment is very friendly and welcoming . You'll deff notice the Ford GT sitting in the dining room stage right :) a nice sight for sore eyes. The bar has adequate room to come in and catch a quick sports game as well as a good selection of different alcohols . As for the food I was in the mood for some red beans and rice, I would give it a 6.5/10 it's a little soupy and I was hoping for a more authentic New Orleans style of red beans . I'll deff be back to try diff menu items , especially because of the staff . Kudos and welcome to New Orleans !I've been in New Orleans for several days and have made a point of eating at as many locations as I can before I go home to North Carolina. Mahoney's was by far THE BEST experience I've had. Our server, Joe, was truly the greatest server we had our entire stay. We came back a second time before we left because of our server. The food is AMAZING. AWESOME size portions. Sauces were great. Management was awesome in checking on our experience. But I have to say Joe made the experience even greater. We'll be back!The food, atmosphere, and service was amazing. Excellent selection of local beers on draft. The sausage Po-Boy was delicious. The arugula salad was fresh and satisfying. Best of all was our server, Cookie, who made our experience delightful and entertaining!Was told about Mahony's by a friend who frequents this restaurant.  I am always looking to expand my NOLA restaurant list.  
Got here around lunchtime and sat at the bar.   Not super crowded but had some good banter with the bartender.  
On with the food.  I was told about the po boys but I love etouffee and this is how I compare restaurants in NOLA. I went to the French quarter location (not sure if that matters).   The crawfish etouffee was delivered and at first site was really excited.  I liked the fact that it was in a bowl, that it had bread with it (gotta soak up the goodness).  The spice built up as you enjoyed the goodness (really liked that).  My only drawback is the lack of crawfish.  Just didn't seem to have enough.  
Really cool looking bar.  Nice look, clean and a friendly environment.  Just such a difference than most places on the quarter.   
I would give this place another try. I would like to experience the po boys and give the etouffee another shot.Great service and no long wait time. Really just stopped in to grab a drink and watch some football but I ended up getting the buffalo oysters as an appetizer. These were really good. I would have ordered more if I didn't have dinner plans and if they were a little cheaper. If you're in the area and looking for a cold beer and some food, this isn't a bad option.First meal in NOLA will come back. Waitress was nice and attentive. She had amazing knowledge or the menu and her recommendations were perfect. The house hurricane hands down best drink.We got several dishes, but the best was the Crawfish Etouffee and the side of cheesey grits. Our five-year-old liked the popcorn shrimp. The gumbo was a little bland but the cornbread was great and added some flavor to the gumbo. The potato salad was way too spicy.Fries kinda cold but poboy was awesome. Lady behind the bar was super cool. Got a double shot of Patron for $8 which wasn't too bad. I think I will return but not this trip!I wasn't terribly impressed with Mahony's. My experience wasn't a bad one, or unenjoyable, just a bit underwhelming. I had the etouffee and the shrimp po' boy. The etouffee was on the thin side, and the crawfish did not seem substantial. The po' boy wasn't bad, but the bread was dry (not crusty-on-the-outside, chewy-on-the-inside, just dry).  The saving grace was the ice-cold schooners of beer. Not cheap, but not expensive. They salvaged my experience. I'd give Mahony's another chance if I'm in town again, but I'd try different items for sure. Except for the beer. That's a winner.Stopped in mid afternoon for dinner after a cemetery tour. There was some sort of mix up and nobody came to our table for 15 minutes. The girl cleaning up after the lunch rush finally noticed and alerted a server. No big deal. My date had 1/2 chicken Po-Boy (minus the marinara) dressed with fries, I had 1/2 shrimp Po-Boy dressed with onion rings. Do not order a full sandwich unless you're one of those eating competition guys. They're enormous. Both sandwiches were very good, I finished the last few bites of the chicken, but wished I hadn't, so stuffed. The onion rings are lightly floured and not a typical "onion ring" but really good. The fries unfortunately were not. Greasy, limp, and we left those uneaten. The restaurant was clean and definitely on our go to list next time we're in town.Got red beans and rice, which was very good. Service was not great and ambiance wasn't really my style. There were two cars in the place.I'm so sad that I don't have a photo of that great pho-boys that they do.
We were in a kind of a rush. 
Arrived at late Thursday afternoon - no line.
In the whole place there were five customers. We waited for a hood couple of minutes to be seated. The waiters here were too relaxed and in to there own vibe to bother paying attention to us. May be it's just my impression (we were in a rush).
I had the beef sandwich with the dressing, but no mayo, and my partner opted for alligator sausage. Food arrived in 15 minutes. It was delicious, even without mayo it wasn't dry, beef was tender and well seasoned. The alligator sandwich was delicious too.
Over all a would definitely come back here without a rush to have a chance to fully enjoy the place.Fantastic eats!!! I highly recommend the Mahoney fish punch bowl if you like buffalo trace bourbon. The debris fries were amazing and very filling. The oysters were large, filling and awesome! We all got different P.O. boy sandwiches and I'm not hearing any complaints. I personally got the alligator sausage poboy and I'm not leaving left overs! Great service, great place, GREAT RESTAURANT!First time visiting and they didn't disappoint! Had the bbq shrimp as an appetizer and the shrimp po-boy. Both were awesome. Staff was friendly and attentive. Will definitely be back when I'm in town again!!Not impressed.  Onion rings are weak and the in a burger kind. Not traditional, don't as a side.  The eggplant po-boy according to my partner was meh. Overall a disappointing looking meal. A definite pass here.Pleasant staff and good food! Had bbq oysters, etoufee fries and shrimp and grits shared with 2 others. Very filling and was nice to taste more that one thing... highly recommended sharing!!Although the one just off Bourbon st was better, our po boys were really good and the gravy fries were good too, although we had a lot more meat at the other one! But still good though.I had the Pimento Cheese BLT Po' Boy with a side of Red Beans & Rice and damn was it good!! Went there for lunch a little before noon on a Monday. Wasn't crowded at all, sat at the bar, friendly staff, comfortable vibe. Two good craft brews and sandwich was perfect break from a day full of meetings.Loved this place!! Stopped here one night on a trip to New Orleans. The shrimp were delicious and the service was awesome. Definitely going to come back when we return to Nola!Delicious food! Definitely a great opportunity to try a variety of traditional Cajun and creole dishes. Shoutout to Brandon C. for the great hospitality and solid recommendations! Try the catfish po' boy and anything craw fish.So here is the good, the place has a great ambiance and the libations were great. The bloody Mahoney was amazing. Now on to the food. We ordered the fried green tomato caprese. It was pretty good (not memorable, just good). The fried pickles were tasty, most fried food is! Then we ordered the peace maker. This is where it went south. The shrimp was downright fishy. My wife took one bite and left it. No offer from the waiter to replace etc. go next door to acme. There is a line for a reason!Great food and great staff! The fried green tomatoes w pimento cheese and onion rings appetizer were awesome. The PoBoys were great! Loaded with fried shrimp on that authentic bread.Amazing food, fast service and super clean. I ate here more times than anywhere else in New OrleansGreat bar, cool cars and delicious food. Brandon was the bomb! Don't miss out on the fried pickles.We were seated right away! The short rib po boy was amazing! Great, friendly staff! Delicious food and clean restaurant!I will give it two thumbs up. It was right around corner from hotel. 
I was not sure what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised. I will back! 
I had the barge. Only because I wanted to try the shrimp, oysters and catfish. The hand cut fries were cooked to perfection And tasty too. 
The shrimp in my opinion needed to be soaked in milk to get rid of the iodine taste. It was cooked perfectly, the breading was just right. It could just be me and my taste buds. I have had shrimp that doesn't have that iodine taste and prefer it that way. 
The catfish was great  as were the fried oysters. 
I know it said barge but I really didn't expect the barge to be as big as it was. Two could defiantly share this one. As there were ample fries too.  
The place is clean and the staff is very professional and helpful. As this was my first time being here. 
They have a fair selection of beers and other adult beverages. 
Defiantly need to give this a tryBad service. I went during the weekday , which  means they're short? After being seated we asked the person, that was clearing the table, for water. He said you'll have to ask the hostess. 10 minutes later the hostess took our drink order. Then the the waitress took our meal order; I'm not sure why they don't cross train for shortages This place was highly recommended by the front desk at our hotel. It was late by the time we left & we were starving, if not for these reasons I would have left immediately. Horrible customer service & over-priced sandwiches.  BTW it was another 10 MINUTES before 4 waters were served & 30 minutes for fried seafood on a bun. The place was crowded, but not without empty tables, so I guess the shortage applied to the kitchen as well.My wife and I went to Mahony's on Iberville Street for lunch yesterday the food was amazing, presentation, flavor and temperatures were on point! Ashley J was our server she gave us personalized service felt like she was our auntie the was she took care and looked after us during lunch. This 5-star review is really to highlight Ashley J. Thank you so much, we'll be back with our son before we head back to DCThe local mule was absolutely delicious. Shrimp Po-Boy and creole slaw was amazing. The restaurant itself was fantastic with great vibe and really nice place to sit at the bar. Highly recommendCame here and had the best sandwich ever! Service was great and friendly staff. Decided this will be the last meal before leaving New Orleans. 
Came in today and it was the complete opposite!
I ordered the Peacemaker and a tea. After a while she set my sandwich down and walked away. By the time I realized she gave me the wrong sandwich she was nowhere in site. It took 15 minutes to get her attention and I asked her "what is this?"
She said "it's the short rib".
I figured she would remember right when she said it. I guess she thinks I said "short rib". 
Anyway she offered to remake it but because it took so long I had to get to the airport. It's nice to be social but you need to check on the customers from time to time.Excellent place. Came here when we discovered Killers Po'Boys wasn't open on Tuesdays.  Glad we did.  We liked Mahony's better.  Selection was huge. Service was great.  Lots of clean, comfortable seating just one block away from the Bourbon Street chaos.  Wait staff knowledgeable and helpful.  They get their bread from Leidenheimers Bakery.  My suggestion is the Grilled Shrimp on Fried Green Tomato with Roumalade.  This combination was invented at the Upperline in 1992 but Mahony's does it justice. Awesome place. We will return.I'm so excited when I get to give 5 stars. Listen people. This is the best potato salad you will ever have. It's the best ever!. The seafood gumbo was solid and how the hell can you not order the fried chicken liver po boy. There is talk of making this into a franchise. Well I want in. Call me.
Did I mention the potato salad?
I love places that aren't afraid of bold flavors and spices. Cant wait to go back.Ashley is the funniest and best bartender I have ever been around! Oysters were great and the wings made it onto my top 5. Definitely a favorite in my book!We stumbled on this place which was next door to our hotel. This restaurant is really nice. It has nice sports cars inside the restaurant! Ok... I was supposed to talk about the food. The food was excellent!! We ordered the Alligator Sausage Po-Boy & Seafood platter! It was the best Po-Boy in town! The food is so much better than anywhere I ate here in French Quarter. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Great atmosphere! I highly recommend this place! Will definitely be back when I am back in town!Great chow.    Authentic.  Excellent service.  Booze selection is awesome.   VERY affordable.  Fun atmosphere.   Right near the action.   Big surprise after a dozen trips to New Orleans.   and I will definitely be back!Glad this NOLA institution finally found its way to the French Quarter! They are renowned for their po-boys, and my to-go catfish version early in our weeklong visit did not disappoint! That was accompanied by a generous order of their thin-cut onion rings, and I now definitely believe the "voted nation's best" claim. Both items made me look forward to a weekend return with some local friends, where we sampled several more items, and enjoyed attentive & thoughtful service (which is especially important to me, since most of my kids have been servers, including a couple in our party). I was particularly pleased with the fried shrimp on my platter, definitely very jumbo and lightly breaded, and the comparable po-boy was wolfed down by a younger table mate. Another tried the Grilled Shrimp Remi, and was similarly pleased. There are no shortage of other traditional and specialty po-boys, over 20 by my count, several other seafood platters, plus multiple Cajun staples, like the red beans & rice polished off by another of our crew. The drinks that were sampled were all very well received, from the mojito to the root beer float, and the bananas foster ice cream was chilled goodness. This has just risen to near the top of my go-to NOLA joints!The shrimp po'boy is so good. Ty is a good server. Highly recommend this place. Omg, soooooo good.Friendly service, great atmosphere, drinks, and food!!! Very clean. Would definitely recommend this place!A hole in the wall with excellent po-boys! Cash only but they have an ATM on premise.So we discovered this place on the rush of the night and it turned out that this place was bought out by another establishment. So we were shocked to see a full restaurant and bar set up there. We walked in just in time before closing. You could tell the staff wasn't too excited to let us in as they were closing in a handful of minutes but the hours online didn't say that. We were trying to be nice and took them to go. We know how the restaurant business work and people wanted to clean up and go home. Good solid sandwiches. They hit the spot. The one that I recalled was the gator sausage the best. Totally worth it.We've been in New Orleans almost a week and we've had a lot of oysters, including from several mainstays here and these are by far the best ones we've had.  Fresh, clean, wonderful.  
Get this Bloody Mary man...We were visiting New Orleans and stopped here for a po-boy.  The regular po-boy you could get with shrimp or fried oysters or both.  It was a huge sandwich so you definitely get you money's worth on top of all the fries it come with.  Definitely could share or be happy taking leftovers home.  It was very filling and good.
Service was great.  The only thing was the credit machine went down but we only had to wait a few minutes before it was back up and we were able to leave. 
They also have a bar as well if you are looking for something casual to watch a game.  I got the Mahoney drink while I was there and it was delicious.What's funny about here is they may have the best oysters one had in NOLA. Had the shrimp poboy. I should have ordered the small one because it was a lot of food. Bloody Mary was great too. Only think is the bread was a little crunchy for Ky taste. Overall, it was outstanding.On my Sunday po-boy adventures we decided to stop into Mahony's in the French Quarters. I've been to the Magazine location several times and they never disappoint but different locations have different cooks so there we were. The location isn't very convenient if you're traveling by car and need to park but for tourist in the area it's perfect, we lucked up and found a spot just a few feet from the door. We ordered the fried crawfish almondine and it was soooo delicious and perfect for sharing. We also ordered the shrimp po-boy (duh) and a hamburger po-boy. The shrimp of course was good but the bread was a bit stale (hard) for my taste on both sandwiches. The waitress told us that was not normal so I can somewhat give it a pass. The hamburger was sort dry but I didn't expect too much from a burger at a po-boy shop. We had a couple drinks, I wasn't too fond of the raspberry in the el Diablo but that's just my taste, the drink wasn't that bad. The margarita must have been pretty good because my sis ordered two and she's way harder to please. The staff was super friendly and patient. Our table was up against the window which I love a nice view and put the way of too many random people. All in all I would recommended it to others but I'll only be back if I'm in the area. On to the next po-boy adventure. LolThis place was actually my second choice to the restaurant across the street. Boy am I glad that I came to Mahony's. This place was amazing. The staff was wonderful and we didn't have to wait long for our food at all. I had a shrimp po boy, ettoufe and their amazing onion rings. OMG!! This is definitely a place to stop and grab a bite to eat without the busyness of being on bourbon street but close enough for the action.Great service, asked for a station change on the main screen and was promptly rewarded with the NBA playoff game.  Good atmosphere, and would recommend the blackened redfish.The wait staff is lovely. Ash was our server. So kind and quick. Food was fantastic. I had the oyster po-boy. Wish I could go there regularly as I live out-of-state.This was my first po-boy, and I loved it! I ordered the dressed fried catfish po-boy with fries. Our waiter was very kind but seemed to miss my order, for everyone in my group was done eating before my food even came out. A bit unorganized but I would definitely eat here again despite the mix up!Tried the pimento caprese and the wings. Wings were good, but the pimento caprese was great! Such a different dish, but it was perfect. Fried green tomatoes with pimento cheese. A must try! Good drink menu with local beers.After a less than stellar experience with taking out a fried oyster poboy, I opted for half of Mahony's dressed up Grilled Shrimp Remi Poboy $14.95/$21.95 grilled jumbo gulf shrimp, fried green tomatoes, remoulade, lettuce as my last meal in NOLA, to be consumed at the airport (out of consideration of my airplane seatmates).
To keep the fried green tomatoes from becoming a complete sodden mess, I requested them on the side.  Though they lost whatever crisp they may have had, it worked out pretty well, and I tucked them back in for a highly satisfactory dinner.Great food, quick service, very friendly staff. My husband and I enjoyed our meal and drinks. He had the red fish I had shrimp, very good with large servings, more than we could eat.This place was great! Wait time was about 30 mins or so on a Saturday night right next to Bourbon St, which means not bad! I also like that they are on Yelp Waitlist so we put ourselves on the waitlist before getting all the way there. 
Staff are awesome! They also seem to be very lively without overdoing it. Pretty knowledgeable of their menus as well. Food came out rather quick. We ordered Shrimp po-boys and they did not disappoint! Also had the Nawlins lemonade and Strawberry Basil Lemonade and the bartender is heavy handed with the liquor, always a plus!Yum! Roast beef and shrimp po boy fully dressed were amazing and the fried pickles were delicious! Don't miss itLoved our waitress Candi. She was personality plus! Everyone enjoyed our meals (2-Shrimp Po-Boys, a Meatball and Parmesan Po-Boy, and a Chiron Po-Boy).  Nice atmosphere!Gotta do the Mahony Bloody Mary, plus you can build your own Bloody Mary and comes with bacon infused Tito's vodka! We did the 12' catfish po boy which is perfect for 2 and added the spicy potato salad.. that is a must try! Definitely recommend this place.. not to mention the atmosphere is kick ass!I ordered the short rib po-boy and it was DELICIOUS. The group I was with ordered oysters, and the burger. The burgers were underwhelming but the fries and oysters were very good. Overall a really good experience!Great service-- terrible food! Soggy greasy luke warm french fries - how can you mess up fries?! Tip Mahoney's kitchen-- French fries should be golden, crispy, & hot. The tough rubbery, over cooked shrimp were no better. The side of beans & rice came out cold. Uggh - really?Who wants cold beans? I hardy ate anything and neither did my girlfriend. We paid and left still hungry. Never again!Good onion rings. But fried pickles one table over looked better.  There is a poor boy with shrimp, oysters, bacon and cheese that is outrageous. Service was great and close to rue bourbon.The place itself is pretty nice inside, clean and modern decor.  However, it lacks in service, food, and higher cost.  While we were waiting for our table we went to get a drink at the bar. I had 2 friends sitting on the barstools and I stood behind them waiting for a drink.  A server with a pink Mohawk yells "Move out of the way! This is a walk way!" Which was uncalled for. He wasn't hold any food and there was plenty of room for him to pass me as the place was half empty.  Our actual server forgot an order of Oysters and when we asked about it, she said no you didn't order that. The fried oyster PO boy lacked a lot of flavor. Just tasted oily and bland and for $22 it should have been a lot better. Same goes for the bloody Mary's.  way too much horseradish and the mix tasted like really salty V8 juice.  It's a shame because the place looks pretty cool from the outside with a couple of Ford GT's in the window.Great food. Great service  The Po Boy was delicious. Onion rings were thin, crispy and right out of the fryer. Server recommended places to see during our visit. Highly recommend this place.Maybe we went on an off day, but we didn't have the best experience on our last visit. We did immediately get a table and were able to get our orders in pretty quickly, but we waited quite a while for our food. I ordered the Peacemaker po-boy with a side of "onion rings". Their onion rings should more properly be named onion strings. I was disappointed they weren't true onion rings, and they lacked any salt. Everything lacked seasoning, the food was kinda cold, and the service was slow - not to mention it was $70 for lunch with tip (we ordered two small po-boys, with sides, and a total of 2 drinks)Really good fried shrimp poboy. Simple and tasty. Would come back for sure. Also the GTs are really cool to look at.Went in with a group of six 20 minutes before close which, as a former server, I know usually makes the wait staff cringe. But they greeted us and were all very friendly. We ordered drinks and food and were served quickly. A few of us ordered the Debris Fries and WOW they were amazing. Highly recommend. Imagine beef tips and gravy but over French fries with white cheddar cheese...First time here. The food looks very good. Good display. But the seasoning wasn't so good it was very light.... wish it was better. Wasn't satisfied with the good at all and out server didn't come back to ensure we were okay she could have done a better job with checking on us. She didn't give any suggestive drinks nor inform about any specials. Truly disappointed.   I was expecting much more for a girls night and hungry day.Such good food and Cookie was our waitress and she made our whole experience super fun!    Our teenagers loved her.   We all loved her!!  We would come back because she was so engaging!   Best part of New Orleans!!  Do not miss this place!  The catfish, shrimp and grits, and the shrimp were all excellent!   Oh and the cornbread (Sweet!) All so so good!I REALLY wanted to love this place. I have been trying to get there for a while as I am local. I was dying to try those shoestring onion rings and a roast beef poboy. Finally got there today when family came in to visit. I was so disappointed....when the waitress came to give us our menus I knew right then that I wanted a beer but she said she would get that order after she brought our water??? When she brought our water we order our beers and our food. After about 15 min our food came out and I asked her if she forgot about our beers and she uncomfortably said yes. She went to the bar and came back and told us that the bartenders had just changed shifts and it would be a few more minutes for our beers...at which point I told her nevermind....The food....those onion rings I couldn't wait to try were cold..The roast beef poboy was good but I have had better. There are many poboy restaurants in New Orleans so unfortunately, I will not be back to this one.There are better Po-Boys in NOLA, of course.  But this joint gets it done and is right in the French Quarter.   Waitress was awesome and friendly.  I had a shrimp po-boy and it hit the spot.  Crawfish Etouffee was tasty.  Very clean and spacious.   Can't go wrong.Fantastic Peacemaker Po Boy
Great crawfish etouffee
Drinks were good and service was friendly!Genuinely can't say enough good things about this establishment. The food was sublime (And I say this about sandwiches; seriously, sublime) service was very friendly and prompt, prices were more than reasonable, and my wife and I ate our meal seated next two not one, but two Ford GTs. Seriously, how?!
I'd eat every meal of the day there. We will definitely go back before we leave New Orleans. Fantastic experience. Go. Just go.Good place to stop and take in the atmosphere, cool cars and good food. Loved the pimento cheese.Everything we ordered was really good, the fried shrimp poboy, the ham and swiss poboy, and the crawfish 3 ways. The etouffee in the crawfish 3 ways was a little cold, but still delicious. Our server Jasmine was helpful and really nice. Decor is interesting. Overall good meal, we plan on coming again! :)Can't comment on food. Had to leave bc in essence this is a high end sports bar with sports blasting on their multiple TVs and speakers around the restaurant.This place was awesome! Our server Izzy was tentative, polite, and made our experience wonderful! The food was fresh and delicious, definitely will come back!We were admittedly being lazy since this place is right across the street from our hotel, but it was also independently recommended by our Lyft driver. It was a bit early for dinner so it was not very busy. We were seated quickly, our server was friendly, made recommendations, but not in a pushy way. The food came out stunningly fast, was fantastic, so much so that my husband went back later in the evening and got another one to go!
I had a pot roast Po-Boy which felt kind of sacrilegious, but was tasty. My husband had a half dozen oysters and their Peacemaker Po-Boy. We each had a cocktail as well. Mine was fine, my husband's first try was pretty awful but our server was quick to replace it with something else. 
The only potential negative, and even this isn't a big deal, is they use hand held devices for ordering and processing payments and the server stood there as we swiped our card and added a tip. Kind of awkward.
Completely unrelated to the food, they also have a Ford GT in their window, if you're into that kind of stuff.Very good lunch and well located- little pricey and they'll charge for every soft drink- no refills!Mahony's was great! The food was delicious and drinks were great too. Our server, Jared, was fun and very attentive. It was a very busy Saturday night, but our food still came fast and was amazing!Appetizers came out in only a couple minutes. Best shrimp/grits in the world. Po-Boy's were great, and Cookie is probably the best waitress in NOLA. You get what you pay for; great service, food comes out quick and is all around high quality.Steep prices for alright food. Don't get me wrong, the food wasn't bad. I would even argue that it was pretty good. But it feels like you're paying for the fact that there are two expensive sports cars in the dining room rather than quality food. And on top of that, the service wasn't really that outstanding. Overall, there are far better places to visit in New Orleans.The food is lovely. I was in heaven! We just happened to pass by it and we were starving. I would definitely come back again. A great restaurant to go to. Lovely atmosphereAte at Mahoney's this past Friday night. First, are waitress was wonderful, very upbeat and on the ball however I have to give it two stars based on the food. It was rather uneventful. With all the other restaurant choices (even the place across the street that we ate at the night before), I'd pass this one up. We ordered the taste of Mahoney's for two.Delicious shrimp po-boy and hush puppies.  We debated sweet potato fries and decided not to get them.  A few minutes after enjoying our food Lori Beth comes back to our table and kindly gives us some complimentary sweet potato fries. Seriously how sweet and great was that?I got a peacemaker 10" and a bloody Mary. My bill was $44. I think that was with tip.
The Po boy was great, but got a bit of sticker shock after paying $4 bloody Mary's at the other places. 
Peacemaker was great though. I dunno if I'd go back though for that price or if it was worth it. I guess the search is still on....Pretty good restaurant, but honestly the over an hour and a half wait to be seated and for our food to come out was almost unbearable. The fried shrimp po-boy was delicious! The Mahony's platter for 2 was a good portion and was great because we were able to try a lot of creole classics! The gator sausage was surprisingly one of my favorite things on the platter! The rice and beans, and the crawfish were really great too! The gumbo was a little too fishy for my taste. It was good, but nothing amazing and a ridiculously long wait time.Think of your typical Friday night in your hometown... you want subpar food that offers nothing but average. This is the place for you. The food is acceptable and service sucks. This place is going to be your worst eating experience when you are in New Orleans but hey that's good enough for some people. They are just monopolizing on the name po-boy without actually delivering anything close to the quality a po-boy usually brings. Never will I recommend this place- but it provides food with no wait time and I appreciate that.Fried shrimp po boy and fried green tomato pimento BLT with friend pickles was amazing!Enjoyed ourselves here as a group of 5. Excellent, Excellent service! They do a great to make you feel specula and accommodated. In fact I think this is the best service I received during this trip to NOLA. We had the Jumbo Shrimp, seafood Gumbo, Alligator Sausage and Etouffee fries. All great choices. It was a great experience.We had another restaurant in mind for dinner but the wait was crazy. We kept walking and Mahony's had a couple empty tables and really no one waiting so we decided to go in. They said the wait was 25 minutes but ended up being about 8 minutes. Our waitress was very nice and brought out our drinks immediately. They have two large TV's with sports on. I should have ordered a poboy, they looked delicious and were huge! I had the BBQ Peppered Oysters and they were just ok. The bread underneath was cold and the breading was pretty soggy. Service was good but not overly impressed with the food. Again, should have gotten a poboy. Stick with that!Great place!!! Love Cookie!!! Ask for her section!!! The fried green tomatoes were amazing!!If you're looking for a tradition roast beef po-boy to really discover what the original po-boy was all about -- this is the place to go (and the Bloody Mary here, with just a bit of beer, is delicious too). They definitely have a long and complex process of getting the beef to be as tender as it is and infused with so much flavor. But don't be coming here wanting étouffée sauce in your sandwich or anything like that -- this is the traditional po-boy the way it's meant to be.Great Po Boys and the creole slaw.  WOW.  I got the short rib.  Service is excellent.   The drinks, forget about it.  They don't hold back.Truly exceptional!  We hit Mahony's based on the recommendation of a local (and food touring professional).  She was dead on!  Started out meal with the BBQ shrimp appetizer, sooo good!  For entrees, we enjoyed the poboy and shrimp and grits, both incredible!  Service was prefect, and bar selection was great!  Can't wait to get back.The bartender girl was amazing, friendly and knowledgeable with the drink menu. The food was delicious will def recommend.There was no wait to sit down. The service was amazing. Super attentive and friendly. Had the fried shrimp po-boy which was delicious. My friend had the red snapper with sauce and it was just as good. We also ordered the wings which were great. By far the best po-boy sandwich I had during my stay.Food was good. Sidneeka, our server, was terribly slow and rude the entire duration of the meal. We're all servers at restaurants and there was no reason for that poor of service during this slow hour. Customer service needs an overhaul.First time coming here, super clean and nice inside, really good vibe, severs/bartenders and the manager were all awesome! The drinks aren't too expensive and they come out in nice glasses and fancy garnishes. Food is amazing and in big portions. Brandon was our server he knew every ingredient on the menu and was super fun and polite.Ate there twice this week. First time by myself and the second with my girlfriend. Both times sat at the bar and the service was awesome. Very friendly bar tender and guy shucking the oysters. Hand shucked the oysters right in front of us both times. Oysters were good. Everything aside form the oysters is made right in house with there own recipes. The red beans and rice, crawfish etouffee,  and seafood gumbo were all delicious. If you like Ford GT 40's there's 2 of them to gawk at right next to the bar.Delicious oyster po boys.  Love the fried pickles.  And one of the best margarita!  The staff is always friendly.  It's a great spot for lunch !Exceptional experience!
We are a large group of experts in the healthcare hospitality industry and a finicky bunch. We had reservations and were seated in the Tabasco room (very cool). Service was prompt, friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu and answering our million questions. We have a few wine lovers in the group and I had many questions. Turns out the Sommelier (partner) was there. YES. A SOMMELIER. At a po boy shop! After a wonderful tasting I selected a bottle after which the Sommelier came and chatted with the group...yeah we love that kinda stuff! The food was very good! Oysters were freshly shucked and clean, fried tomatoes brought back memories of gardening with my dad, fried pickles were out of this world and the po boys were ridiculously yummy! Proper temps are a pet peeve for us and all was piping hot. Yeah they serve on metal trays...its called character! The other partner on site also dropped in and gave a rundown on the luxury cars that added a bit of fun to the atmosphere. All around an exceptional hospitality experience!The place was nice and clean. My wife ordered the shrimp and I got the alligator po boy. We heard from many people we had to get one not sure what the fuss was all about. It was ok but was lacking something. When I saw the loaded option I was thinking grilled onions and peppers not lettuce tomato and mayo. Again for was ok but not a must have.Recently went to New Orleans on vacation with 5 other couples ..... went to Mahony's for dinner- party of 17 total.... the hostess and manager accommodated us with no problem what so ever and Informed is Cookie would be handling our large (slightly rowdy) party. I have  not one negative thing at all to say about Cookie. She made our dinner a party and was spot on servicewise. Cookie made suggestions, made jokes... enhancing our time just that much more. And the food??!??!! Amazing !!! There was not one item on the table that was not raved about ( and we ordered A LOT!) this has now become a quick NOLA staple for us as we actually went back for lunch 2 days later before flying out of town. From hostess to manager to our amazing server Cookie this place is top notch awesome.I was excited to try this place after the reviews I read and I was severely disappointed. It's grossly overpriced and the food is not great. The gumbo was bland and watery and the po boy was average at best. The serving was pretty large and generous but the overall taste was meh... service was friendly and place is clean but I'm sure you can find better po boys in New Orleans for a much better price.Was floored by the cleanliness and service of this restaurant. Spent last several days in NOLA and realized we didnt get a Po Boy. We were in a hurry to catch a flight out and told our server (named Cookie) so when she came to the table. She had a handheld device that out theborder in as we said it. I kid you not, it was out in 11 minutes!! Awesome taste, great slaw and further note..the bathroom wa step cleanest we'd seen all week. Will go there first in our next visit and make sure your waitress is named Cookie! That girl rocked!I stopped here on the way in from Mardi Gras festivities. Great ambiance if you want to watch games and drink but that's about it. You'll likely wait to get seated then wait longer for your food. I had the green tomatoes BLT. Never again. A PO boy is all about the bread. I ditched mine and ate it like a salad because it was toasted too hard and not the best. I couldn't even tAste the pimento and I'm a fried green tomato connisour: this didn't impress. My debris fries were dry and not NOLA worthy. I hear the place open less than year ago. Let's hope it improves its food. There's potential for sure because it's upscale diverse and friendly. My server was good guy. Tried his best.The service is was good but the food is a little pricey. The gumbo is ok,  not as good as they claim to be.  The portions are a lot smaller that other places.Very sold happy hour! $2 beers and $3 wine and 1/2 off apps! Can't beat that! We have the fried green tomatoes which were awesome, and the buffalo oysters, also delicious. We ordered shrimp po boys and the oyster po boy, both were fantastic and the service was fantastic. The debris fries were only thing not good, the beef was really weird, almost sweet. We switched these out for the crawfish etoufee fries which wereI'm still here and I'm writing this review. Service is bomb food is blah. The "famous" onion rings were served cold and are season-less. I don't know what is supposed to be  famous about them because this was a complete miss. Now the Po-Boys. Bland. I just expect everything to be well seasoned and it was not. We ordered a fried shrimp and a catfish po-boy. They both came out like warm (as well as the onion rings). Not sure what's going on with the timing of the kitchen & the waitstaff but that's unacceptable. Our waiter is so sweet and his section is busy but they need to get him help or have a better system of getting food out while it's hot. Back to the po-boys both bland and in dire need of hot sauce to give it that much needed kick. This honestly was not our first or second choice to try a po-boy and I see why. They have very cute decor and lots of tvs to watch sports but I think that's as good as it gets. Oh wait the drinks were nice as stiff that's always a plus. Our waiter & the bartender made this experience a 5. The actual food which was just ok, lukewarm, and not cheap made it a 3. Try somewhere else higher on the review list.Let me start out by saying the restaurant is super cool inside I love the layout very much, anyways I have never been to a place that when you sit down at a bar you order and drink and you feel like your doing something terrible by ordering a beverage? even though it's the bartenders job to make you happy and give you a great cocktail. Anyways I order a mojito and the girl tells me there is no mint so I say okay no problem then I ask her if you guys had any ciders, she says no then she says a smart remark "let me know when your ready because you obviously don't know what you want" at that point I wanted to just get up and leave but my husband already had his cocktail this girl was so rude and she obviously didn't want to be there we ended up having our friends meet us there for dinner we had a large party at that point everything got better, just a really bad experience.Excellent!  Excellent service, atmosphere and food. Everything was cooked fresh to order. Beer choices were great. Bloody Mary was strong and tasty. Food was top notch. Did I mention the service was excellent.  Strongly recommend Mahony's to anyone wanting a great dining experience in the Quarter.The sever was friendly and the po-boy was pretty good. Sort of wished there was a little more on the bun, however it was well made!  Overall, a good experience!So when we were in New Orleans, Idk if it's because of the number of tourists, but I was actually surprised how pricey the food could be in NOLA especially in/nearby Bourbon Street. Now I never had a Po Boy, and honestly, when my friend was describing it to me, I thought it was just a regular sub.
Now, this is where I made a grave mistake as an uneducated tourist because a Po Boy, is definitely not just "a sub". A Po Boy is a Po Boy.
And I believe this place has one of the best Po Boys we have ever had in NOLA. Now the portions were really generous, I mean idk how many shrimps were in my fried shrimp Po Boy but I'm pretty sure I got more than three in every bite, and it was just perfect and I mean it. 
Please. If you are a lost nooby ass tourist like me, who knows nothing about Po Boys or NOLA, do yourself a favor and go to Mahony's. You will most definitely not spend more than $50 + for two people like we seemed to be spending in most places nearby Bourbon street, and will leave this place smiling without a hint of alcohol in your system.Service was slow and the po boys weren't even good. Super hard, almost stale like bread and the shrimp had a weird flavor. The roast beef one was better, it was basically like a pot roast in a po boy. Their sazarec drink was so small for the price too. Wouldn't return to this place.Great service! The food was delicious and served quickly.   The server was outstanding!  Will definitely return!  Ask for Shante!I would not recommend, very poor food, nothing special! The 3 way crawfish one of the way is a small bag of chips, the fried crawfish is as small as it can be!Whilst I firmly believe that their next door neighbor (Killer Poboys) is the best place to get Poboys (that we know of) in NOla. This place isn't that far behind!
Their hurricanes again beat Pat O'Brians. Kinda sad that other places do better hurricanes than the place that made the drink in the first place. But resting in your laurels will do that.
We had both versions of the hurricane they offer. My personal favorite being the SoCal Hurricane as it had more of a tartness.
The food? The missus got the peacemaker. A beomoth of a poboy with shrimp and fried oysters. A winner of the NOla poboy championship. It was good, but you could tell that the ingredients were prepared. Their neighbor does everything fresh to order. Everywhere else, this would be five stars. Here not so much.
Friends with pimiento sauce is a must. As are the onion rings.
Kudos for the wait in line thingy they have in Yelp. Very helpfulNice casual fun atmosphere.  Limited menu with 90%seafood. Fried green tomatoes where good (a bit hard) the fried catfish and shrimp were great.  Service was good as well.Stopped in for shrimp po boy and those great thin onion rings.  Ate at the bar kept company by an engaging female bartender.  I asked for the sandwich dressed without pickle and when it came with pickles I said no problem, I'll pull them off.  She insisted on taking it back and it soon arrived pickle free.  Great atmosphere, staff and food!We've had po boys  and they were great. Today we tried off the dinner menu. The large gumbo had 5 very small shrimp. A remoulade salad was a bowl of lettuce with boiled shrimp, period. There was a container of remoulade sauce on the side. No flavor basically. No french bread. No butter. The shrimp appeared to have been just boiled in plain  waterMy husband and I had lunch here because it was close to the hotel we were staying at. Service was excellent. The establishment was very sanitary. We even asked to speak to the manager and let him know how impressed we were with the establishment. The food was ok. We got an order of fried green tomatoes as an app and the short rib po boy with fries and slaw. None of the food was bad, but we felt that everything was under seasoned. Again, service was great, but the food will not bring us back.My work girls and I were in town on a business trip. We passed Mahony's every day in and out of the hotel and ended there for dinner on our last night. Our girl was super polite, attentive and extremely helpful on recommdations. The good was outstanding. The service was better. Will definitely go back when we return.This place has a casual setting with chandeliers and fast cars. No seriously they had two nice cars parked in the back of the place but they were nice to look at. There was no wait at the time, so the hostess was able to sit us immediately. Our server was nice and attentive. My family dined in with me as well and immediately ordered the catfish po'boy, roast beef po'boy along with the shrimp etouffee and gumbo. For the most part everyone was pleased with their food. I heard the roast beef was too salty, the catfish was amazing but the po'boy had too much mayo but for the most part good. My wife tasted the gumbo and said it was the best she had found NOLA!! Unfortunately, I do not eat seafood and was not in the mood for a salad. I wanted a grilled or fried chicken po'boy. There was a chicken Parmesan po'boy but they were not able to just give me the chicken. The server also explained he was not able to give me the fried chicken that goes into their salad and put it on a po'boy. I honestly feel like he just didn't want to get creative and figure it out. So I had to settle for a cup of red beans and rice. They were pretty darn good I must admit!! Happy Yelping!We ate at the Mahoney's in Uptown on a food tour and it was delicious. Tried it again in the latter half of our trip in the french quarter and had the worst experience ever, would not return. Our fried shrimp and oyster sandwich (The Peacemaker) arrived less than five minutes from ordering with cold seafood and stale bread. I ate two bites and told my server I didn't care for it and she ignored us. Most expensive, least appetizing sandwich of my life + terrible service.If you come in this place you have to try those damn grits and food is fucking delicious!!!We love NOLA! And possibly more than that...we love Po-Boys! 
Night three two of our four day adventure finally led us to Mahony's. This joint was recommended to us by many. Supposedly the best po-boys in New Orleans! I think that's a pretty hefty title, but they were definitely yummy! 
We ordered fried green tomatoes with pimento cheese spread and they were NOM. The po-boys hit the spot and had a great amount of filling! I always find po-boys to be a bit dry, so we asked for some remoulade on the side and that was very helpful! I think if they had put more sauce on the sandwhich itself we'd be reaching that "best po-boy in NOLA" threshold for sure. 
You could really tell that the staff was proud to work there and passionate about customer service. The decorations were fun and Mardi Gras-esque and the whole place felt very alive. 
I definitely recommend if you're in search of a delicious Po-Boy that you can sit down and devour!Way overpriced for what you get. I ordered a "bowl" of Crawfish etoufee and a side of cheesy grits. The amount of  etoufee was laughably small for the  $17 price tag: one small scoop  of rice and a handful of tails in the gravy. Flavor wasn't bad, but not worthy of the price at all. Grits were good. Service was good. 
Find another place for your Cajun fix.Miss Ana @ Chateau Holiday Inn referred me to this establishment, (pub like, in decor), as this writer informed her , is a food enthusiast. So good she did , upon entering, the hostess was warm and inviting. From party of One to .... Is NOT an issue. She asked if I prefer seating at the bar or table . Opted for table. Tiffani N., was my server . She is grand , intuitive to let One enjoy , yet has an eye for when One is done. They have Cabernet savignon on the wine list ... ordered.Tiffani B., quickly served the wine.  The serving glass of wine is ample. Ordered french fries smothered with etouffee' with cheese , arrived hot and generous . An order, under po' boys,  of cochon (pork shoulder),with slaw . Delectable . Both plates were generous and appreciated . BTW... Upon speaking with the server about po' boy and opting not having bread.... Somehow she read my mind ...Good server. Although they do not have specific chocolate dessert, this writer desired something chocolate . They do offer chocolate chip cookies and milk. I opted for an order of cookies to go, less milk. 
This writer looks forward to returning to this restaurant , as it is a high recommend and kudos to Tiffani B., she is a grand asset to the establishment , along with the lovely host. Thank you, Miss Anna at Chateau Holiday Inn.Can I start with the customer service at the restaurant makes chick Fil a look bad and we all knowchick Fil a has great customer service. Shenay took really great care of my party of 6 and made great reccomendations. I will be back here when I'm in town. The sand which I tried was the club. Be sure to bring your appetite because a small can feed two people. I am still stuffed 8 hours later. I tried fried green tomatoes which were ok but I'm not a fan of them at all normally but everyone else liked them.Omg cookie is amazing. My favorite waitress ever.  This is our honeymoon and she made it so special.  Can't sufficiently express my joy at meeting her and eating the amazing food here!Just a great place for a po'boy and the best onion rings. Sweet tea is excellent as well as the grits and ettouffee. Staff is friendly and efficient!Mahony's Po-Boys and Seafood on Iberville Street in the French Quarter quickly became one of my favorite places to stop in for a po-boy during my most recent work trip to the Big Easy.
Stopping in 3 of 4 days for either lunch or dinner I tried a different type po-boy each time (oyster, catfish & shrimp).  The shrimp was my hands down favorite.  So whats a po' boy you ask?  A po-boy is a traditional sandwich born in Louisiana and served on submarine style French bread stuffed with meat or seafood (or sometimes both!). Since its origins in the 1800s, the Po-boy has been one of New Orleans' favorite bites to eat. 
Mahony's has more than po-boys, they also have a menu with plenty of comfort foods, in addition to  an in-house oyster shucker available for your fresh Louisiana oyster eating enjoyment.
Before a day of wandering around the French Quarter or after several Bourbon Street indulgence, stop into Mahony's for good food and friendly "southern hospitality" service.  You can thank me later.The seafood gumbo was DELICIOUS!! We also tried the shrimp Po-Boy delicious as well. Our waiter was super sweet. Great location would definitely go back.From the time we stepped into the door, we were welcomed with warm smiles and greetings. It was recommended by a good friend that's also a chef and we were not disappointed at all. Our server, Jalesa, provided some excellent recommendations. 1. Fried Green Tomatoes 2. Crawfish Étouffée (must get!) 3. The Peacemaker PoBoy (definitely lives up to it's accolades!) 
From the drink menu we got the Nawlins Lemonade (tangy adult beverage...just strong enough) and Julep Iced Tea (perfect for whiskey drinkers that want a hint of sweet)
This is the newer location and although I can't compare to original, it seems to still hit the mark of tasty goodness.Came here today for dinner. We ordered the buffalo fried oysters, shrimp and grits and the chicken and liver po boys. The food was way too salty and not tasty at all. Worst meal so far in new orleansShoulda ordered the po boy. Unfortunately the greasy fried green tomatoes and warm pimento cheese appetizer was the highlight, but left me at a meh. I wanted gumbo but was warned against it. Went with shrimp remoulade and it was ok--Nothing to write home about. The waiter was excellent and the service will bring me back if I need a drink later. Bar was buzzing. Host was kind and informative. 
Recommend they sop up the grease and find another way to serve that pimento cheese, which was good. It would have spread nicely on some thin, crisp French bread toast or tucked inside a ramekin for dipping. Maybe they were going for a melted pimento cheese swimming in grease? Let's hope not. Next time I'm trying the po boy.My first bite of food in NOLA had to be a roast beef po boy and they did a great job.  Server was very attentive and had a great knowledge of the menu.  She made recommendations and the drinks came out great.LOADED with shrimp.
I had another po boy at a restaurant and wasn't wowed. I wondered if there wasn't much to this simple sandwich and just had to accept it. After ubering to Parkway... ON A TUESDAY we sadly ubered it back to our place- because they were closed. I stumbled across this place on DoorDash and ordered the shrimp poboy and was amazed at the side and amount of shrimp in it- at half for lunch and the other half for dinner. 
My husband had the hamburger po boy and he said it was really good as well.Fried duck with gumbo debris poboy was delish!  Onion very good also.  Wife had roast beef and she liked it .We ordered hurricanes and they were so sweet we could not drink them. We told the waitress who told the manager. The manager came over and was rude to us. He asked us how we ordered a sweet drink then complained that it was too sweet. Poor customer service.Casual restaurant serving up hearty servings of Big Easy classics. Came here for dinner after a long day of walking around New Orleans, and walked in around around 5:30. We got seated immediately with no wait. The menu has a lot of different New Orleans classics, and we got three dishes to split amongst the four of us. The Peacemaker Po'boy has fried shrimp and fried oysters alongside thick cut bacon and melted cheddar cheese. It was super hefty and my favorite. The crawfish 3-way was a good way to try multiple iterations of crawfish (including Zapps Crawtator chips, which we planned to order more off amazon when we got back to LA). The crawfish etouffe was buttery and so comforting. The fried crawfish tails were a little too salty, but they came with a cocktail sauce and a tartar sauce you could dip them in. The fried chicken was decent but not memorable. The hurricane was just the right amount of sweet and came with a cute lil straw. I liked how the owner came around the tables and asked how we were doing - it was a very nice touch. Overall, the food was yummy and the ambiance is chill. It's a nice spot to come for comfort food off of Bourbon St.I had the grilled hot sausage P boy fully dressed. It starts with the French bread unbelievably fresh. The sausage has just the right amount of spice dripping fat all over the place delicious.Great food and Great service!  Our first time in New Orleans and I can say that the next time we are in town, we will definitely go back!Food is slightly above average. I had a weird waiter at the bar area that kept asking for me to pay in cash or tip him in cash even before the food has come. Is this the service standard in NoLa or did I get a waiter reject? He just said "I only got one dollar all night and scolded me how I needed to tip in cash."
It takes a long time to build a loyal customer but just one has experience to lose them. 
I was also told that since I'm allergic to shellfish that he can ask the chef to fry the catfish in a different oil but I would need to pay for the meal in cash. What is going on here?Ordered online and the catfish poboy was sooo good! The bread was soft, the fish was still hot and tasted fresh, and it was just bomb all over. The fries were fries, but back to this sandwich. I heard other people complain about the slight abundance of mayo and there is. I just happen to like that. But if you're not a big mayo fan then I'd suggest asking for light mayo. My only regret is not trying the roast beef but unfortunately/fortunately I only have one stomach  :/I've been to NOLA before, but wanted to ensure this time I really enjoyed the flavors of this region. So a Po boy was on the list as a must have. Of course there's so many places to choose from, and how the heck do you really know what's really good. Reviews are fine, but it is simply a persons opinion. I saw Mahony's, read the reviews, and then looked through the menu. There's a litany of options, but the liver and slaw caught my eye. So while I enjoy fried chicken liver and have eaten it many times, I was reluctant that they'd do it right. They certainly did not disappoint!! I'm sitting here now at 9 in the morning wanting to go there when they open for another. It was fresh, crispy, and the slaw made all the difference in contrast and moisture - so pleasantly pleased. My wife enjoyed the catfish version as well. We were too full afterwards to try dessert, but the Po boys are certainly worth it.I came to Mahony's with my friends for Brunch one Saints Sunday. When we got there it was a little packed but it was to be expected because it was brunch time on Magazine and it was gameday. It didn't take us long to be seated. When we got there we walked in and took out seats. Our waiter was really cool. Beware super friendly and nice. I ordered a roast beef poboy. Yeah, interesting choice for brunch. But i didn't mind. I really wanted something hearty and it was a poboy spot so why not. I must say, the food was really delicious. I loved every bite of it. Not to mention, we had bottomless mimosas. That's literally one of my favorite things about brunch to be honest.Gumbeaux did not have any flavor. There was more rice than gumbeaux in my bowl. My salad was delicious.While visiting in Nola my husband and I were in need of a good ole boy boy! I checked out the menu and was like "yep" we gotta go there!
The appetizers looked so good we never made it to the po boy lol. We ordered fried pickles, buffalo oysters and etouffee fries! They were all delicious. We both ordered drinks and the fish house punch is the bomb!!!
Jaz was our server and she was super friendly and amazing. I wish most servers had her personality. We would definitely return!!! The atmosphere is super welcoming and chill.Affordable, delicious AND the best service we received on our week long stay in New Orleans. Kayla was friendly, polite and kind! Manager walked around to make sure everything was great.I want to start out by saying the waiter was very friendly and helpful. Unfortunately my fiancee and I went to split a chicken parm and the meat in the middle was completely raw. Which is terrible thing to discover and could potential got us sick if we had not cut our food in half to share. The staff was very helpful and nice about it. Gave us percentage off our meal.  But it really did ruin our meal. My two friends food was fine. Poboy wasnt average. And the seafood fries were good. The wait wasn't long either. I'm not sure if I'd return given the experience there. Maybe for drinks but a bit weary about the quality of cooks there.First day back in NOLA in a while and what better start than a fried oyster Po-Boy. I would never eat this any other place than NOLA. I tried Mahoney based on yelp, and I had the 6 inch dressed with fries. It was perfect. Now I have to eat healthy the rest of the trip but it was so worth it.Me and my boyfriend stopped in here on a random stroll through New Orleans on our way to Bourbon Street. We ordered the buffalo fried shrimp, the shrimp and grits and the fried oyster po-boy. The shrimp and grits were our favorite, absolutely delicious! The broth was savory, the bacon salty, the tomato with a bite of acidity and the corn added a nice crunch. I can't stress enough how much we enjoyed it. 
The buffalo fried shrimp had great flavor as well and didn't have too much heat which was wonderful since I can't handle too much spice.
We also ordered a couple of drinks and they poured on the heavy side which was pleasantly surprising. To top it all off, their customer service was superb! "Z" was a wonderful server who was attentive and gave us some good local suggestions. The manager also came by our table and exchanged some friendly conversation. 
Highly recommend!The atmosphere is cute. Ordered the shrimp pasta.  It was so bad. It has Tasso ham in it and it was so salty and buttery.not a good flavor. Took a bite and I couldn't stomach it anymore. My boyfriend had the shrimp poboy. They do not clean the fish poop out of the shrimp. I only ate the fries. Very disappointing for my first meal in New Orleans.If I could give zero stars I would. Horrible just horrible service. Waited for a table forever and the servers were just stacking dirty glasses and plates on the bar. I watched a bartender open a liquor bottle with her teeth. Food was ice cold. 
Never again.Went here with my sister and daughter while vacationing in NOLA. My daughter and I both tried the shrimp and catfish platters with fries and my sister had the hot sausage po boy with onion rings. We also ordered buffalo wings for an appetizer. Wings were average. My daughter hated the catfish strips as she thought they were too, fishy tasting. I personally, thought they tasted similar to another establishment back home. However, the shrimp in my opinion were just okay. The coleslaw was bland and the fries were decent because everything was piping hot. We all despised the texture of the hot sausage on the po boy as it was really mushy. My sister ended up messing over half and not even touching ther other half of her sandwich. The bread was crispy on top and the veggies were fresh. I personally, thought my food was quite average. Nothing to rave about. The service was average as well. Not sure if I'll return.Stopped in at 8 PM. Good service, Mediocre Po-Boys, fries weren't hot/fresh. Expected much more for the price.This place is amazing! We had dinner one night and came back the next day for lunch! My husband and I started with the onion rings one day and fried green tomatoes the next day, both where amazing! We had the red beans and rice which was super yummy! They are known for their Po-Boys! Vernoa was our server for lunch, and she was awesome. Super helpful and very friendly.This was our first stop in NOLA and I can't get it off my mind. I had the fried green tomato pimento cheese blt po boy and I am MAD at it. How dare it be so delicious!? I had the Tasso grits on the side and they were equally as good. I was happy dancing through our entire meal. 
Service was great. We sat at the bar and I loved our bartender! I wish I remembered her name. She told us some great spots to go and we loved all the ones we made it to. 
This is definitely a must stop in NOLA.We had appetizers, main course and dessert. All of the food and service was good. I would call this joint a good choice for dropping in and dining. Nothing fancy but a solid choice.Wow! This restaurant was a gem for me and my 2 friends in New Orleans this past weekend! They have something for everyone at every price range. The service is prompt & THEY USE PAPER STRAWS! Yay for saving the environment! I had the debris fries and they were absolutely delicious. As always, our group ordered entirely too much food , but had no lack of enjoying what we did eat! Po-boys were delicious with 2 different sizes. Many items on the menu have two prices with a slash between, these prices are for different sizing. I would definitely stop back here again'Went here looking for a Po-Boy and was not disappointed. Ordered a fried shrimp po-boy undressed with onion rings on the side. The onion rings were a happy surprise--thin and crunchy rather than the big thick ones. I loved them. The po-boys came in two sizes, I got the large size and it was definitely large. It was really good--there was lots of shrimp on it and it was hot and fresh. The bread was perfect. Want to come back and try the other po-boy varieties!I've been here twice now and really enjoyed it both times. I found the price of the meals to be a little bit on the expensive side given the quality and ingredients that go into them. We went there at lunch and for my family of eight it was $120 after tip. That was three kids meals and five adults meals. No drinks and no sides. The first time I came I had the liver sandwich, which was good. This time it was the red beans which was not so good. Overall though I think everybody liked the food quite a bit. I would come back but probably not with all the kids again. While we were here we found other restaurants that had sandwiches that tasted just as good for a lower price point and we frequented those afterwards.Really enjoyed my lunch and the friendly staff at Mahony's, which is conveniently located a few steps from the Courtyard Hotel on Iberville St. I ordered a Oyster Po-Boy with a side of creole coleslaw (additional $2.45), and a piña colada punch. The food was delicious and the drink was refreshing. The restaurant is clean and spacious with ample room between tables so you're not sitting on top of your fellow diners.  I will definitely return to Mahony's next time I'm in NOLA.This is by far our favorite lunchtime restaurant in New Orleans and our waiter Jonathan was great our food was perfect and very reasonable priced great experience!The fried pickles were amazing!! Def try them! We had chicken parm po'boy and club po'boy. Go with the 6" - they are HUGE! See photos.It started drizzling during Jazz Fest and Mahoney's was the closest place to grab a bite. Beer list was nice and I have not seen a fishbowl beer mug quite like the one I got since my college days. We had the Fried Onion Rings, Wings, Catfish Po'boys, and something else. The food was tasty but not memorable. One stellar point was the service we received from our server; it was excellent.Drinks were excellent. Very disappointed in how the staff treated each other. They were yelling at each other across the bar and saying it wasn't their job and then asking their manager to fire the other person. Disappointing ....Had an awesome time at Mahoney's!  My wife and I had just pulled in to town and were looking for something quick and delicious and we were thrilled to come across Mahoney's!  There was no wait, we tried the buffalo shrimp and pig fries and our bartender was HILARIOUS! We had such a nice experience and will be back the next time we're in town!Definitely one of the better po boys I've had. They definitely don't skimp on the shrimp. Loved the hands cut fries too.When looking for nice bite to eat between work and more work, this was recommended and we decided to try it out. The restaurant was not very busy and the staff was very friendly, repeating our order accurately. However, when my fried green tomato and candied bacon po-boy arrived (which had been ordered without mayo and without cheese) it was covered in so much cheese I had to scrape it off with napkins (and wasn't able to get it all off). It was quite frustrating. I would suggest trying them out, but make sure they get your order right.