whole wheat bread options for those on a high protein diet craving bread and YAM FRIES!!!This place is good, cheap, and friendly. Great place to start the day with breakfast. The hot sausage and potatoes are scrumptious as the grits and biscuits. I will be back again.I came here for lunch on my last day in New Orleans. $12 got me a plate of fried chicken, corn, double-baked mashed potatoes, a small salad, and a big glass of ice cold Coke.
It was greasy. It was good. And the ladies at the counter are so sweet. 
A local told me the chicken is a Thursday special, so I recommend going Thursdays obviously!This place felt like a real local spot with great friendly ladies behind the counter. The food was just ok though despite what all of the other reviews say. The shrimp po boy was average, about what you would get anywhere in the city. The "gumbo" was a decent chicken soup but felt like it was completely missing the roux. Worst gumbo example I've had so far.Awesome spot for breakfast with the locals! Good food, great prices, and the nicest staff you'll ever meet. Fresh bread brought in everyday, each meal made to order. Old school New Orleans! Love it!Good food, large portions, great prices! What more could you ask?
Oh yeah - the folks there will absolutely make your day.  Friendly, funny, welcoming. You feel like family.  If they don't make you smile, I don't know what will.Great atmosphere and the Cajun Eggs Benedict did not disappoint. (Even the half-order; it was a perfect portion for a medium-sized breakfast.) the flavor was amazing and the level of heat was perfect; not too spicy, but definitely a bit of kick.
Chased it down with some coffee and soaked up the welcoming, down-south smiles, and the hustle-and-bustle of the city outside.Ate here yesterday and fell in love!! Best coffee for a low price. Great grits and eggs!! My boyfriend loved the Monster!! I will comeback for my next stay in Nola!!For what it is--a working man's lunch spot--this place is fantastic and a remnant of a New Orleans that's increasingly hard to find.  If what you want is red beans 'n rice with or without sausage (hot or smoked), a fantastic po' boy sandwich of all the usual types (like oyster, shrimp, roast beef, chicken and such), or gumbo, this is your spot.  I had red beans, rice and hot sausage and it was probably the best I can recall.  I sat at the counter next to some guys having a roast beef po' boy and the daily lasagne special, both of which looked spectacular.  The menu says spaghetti and meatballs is also a house standard.
The place is justifiably packed at lunch time and it isn't that big.  Consider coming well before noon or after 1 PM.***update***
Went back for breakfast and we are so happy we did! I ordered the CBB and the hubs ordered The Monster. The cheese that comes with the CBB was so full of flavor. I ordered the half portion and I was full! The Monster was probably enough for two to share. This time around we sat at the bar and everyone was very attentive. Food did take a little while to come out, but the wait was totally worth it. 
The best place we've eaten while in NOLA! The ladies behind the food line made you feel welcomed and were forthcoming in answering any questions. The food was delicious! Ordered po' boys and were very satisfied!Fast service, great staff!!! Went to this place after not being able to get served at our hotel. A local diamond in the rough.  Good food.We stopped by for breakfast on a whim our last morning in NOLA and were glad we did. The service was phenomenally friendly and attentive. The breakfast was classic, satisfying diner fare in a casual and welcoming little space. I had grits that were buttery and savory, perfect scrambled eggs, and hot sausage with exactly the right amount of heat. The coffee was great too.This place was awesome! Great Po Boys! Our group went there after looking on Yelp, it was a walk up and order they do have dine in seating or take out. My group was new to ordering Po Boys, so a really kind customer (that had been going there for 20 plus years he said) told us how to order! It was great and service was good ! Great place for Po Boys and a quick lunch or dinner!I will always gravitate to Formica and linoleum in the south and breakfast here was pure simplistic goodness. I had the monster and the three eggs were fine perfect as was the smoked sausage...and biscuits , biscuits, biscuits!!!!Majoria's was right across the street from the hotel we were staying at, The Omni Crescent. Majoria's is within walking distance (if you don't mind a 15 minute walk or so) of the convention center.  This place offers hearty breakfast, with some cajun twists in a vintage dive looking place, with vintage dive prices as well! The absolute best part of Majoria's?  The people!! Cassandra, our server, was warm, welcoming, and by the end of the trip, had a coffee in my place before I even sat down.  One of the warmest people I've ever had the privilege of meeting.  A guy who was occasionally running food (but i didn't get his name) also recognized us and was funny and friendly every time he saw us.  
On to the food... I tried the Cajun breakfast, which is two biscuits (they are good!), two eggs, and it's all swimming in this Cajun sauce (that has jalapenos in it).  It was good, had good flavor, a little heat, but be warned, it's very heavy and you may be full for days.  It's under $6 for a breakfast that will hold you over till mid-afternoon for sure... 
I also tried the fried chicken at Majoria's, another solid choice. Great flavor, not overly greasy when I consider what many fried chicken places serve, and it came with sides. 
The last two days, I was so over "heavy" food in New Orleans, that I ordered just two eggs, a biscuit, little potatoes and coffee.. It was super cheap, the eggs were always perfect to how I requested them (over medium), and it was still more food than I could put away in one sitting.  It's no wonder this place is packed every morning.  Smiling faces, hot food served quickly, and prices to please.Place was good.  Only place I had a Po-Boy in NOLA.  No complaints.  One thing is for sure....the ENTIRE staff is super friendly.  The little old ladies treated everyone in the like they were their own grandchildren.This is not the place for healthy food for sure so don't come here for that! The food is amazing! The grits are so creamy and buttery. The service is straight forward and quick. The CBB is super cheesy. The coffee is strong. Definitely a fun authentic diner experience. Definitely recommendWow I love little hidden joints like this. We were lucky to get a late breakfast for 6 people, only having to wait 10 minutes.
Hats off to all the staff here, they are all hillarious and so friendly.
Loved the cbw special, the veggie omelete and breakast sandwich.My husband got the CBB Breakfast Biscuit it was great, if I could old handle jalapeño I would have been all over it! The service was fast and beyond friendly, everyone was so nice and checked on you regularly. The prices are excellent too!This is a no fuss, no frills Diner! You order cafeteria style and they bring the food to you. It's a great location few blocks outside of the Quarter in the business district-which means theres no french quarter craziness! The atmosphere is peaceful and the staff is super sweet and fun.You are met with Southern hospitality and great value when you come here.
In the heart of the hotel area, this is a great place to grab breakfast as you are about to kick off your day of sight seeing. The inside is no frills, but very comforting and has a strong local feel. The staff is bursting with personality and positive energy.
We dove right in to some coffee and didn't take long to both decide on the CBB, the favorite here. I went for the half, Brian went for the whole (a daring move). This plate was huge! It contained an unreal amount of cheese. Super delicious with the popped yolk, great flavor and came out very hot. It was probably too much cheese for my taste, when we come back to NOLA, we will absolutely be back but I will try something else because this was more cheese than my tummy could handle.Excellent breakfast and lunch place in the heart of New Orleans. I spent 5 days in town on business and walked over from the Blake Hotel each morning for breakfast. The place is small and rustic; on the ground floor of an 1849 building. The service is quick and friendly. The patrons were an good mix of visitors, like myself, and locals. My breakfasts were perfect and had a New Orleans flare. I highly recommend it.Great place for breakfast. Had the monster and muffuletta. Everything was very good and the staff were very friendly and helped us pick what to get.Good breakfast.  I love the house potatoes.  Grits are also very good.  I like butter on my grits and I asked for some.  Staff came back with Parkay Margarine.  Didn't know they made that stuff any more.  No where near the same as a slab of butter  melting in the middle of a bowl of grits.  
I had a bacon cheese biscuit sandwich.  Biscuit was good but the bacon was all pre cooked.  Everything is better when it is made fresh - bacon included.
All in all, better than most breakfast spots in the area.I looked on Yelp for a local place to get a great shrimp poboy here in NOLA. I walked the few blocks to Majoria's Commerce. The wait wasn't long, but I was disappointed in the poboy. The shrimp was small and overlooked. It was rubbery and tough. I also kept biting down on grit. Each shrimp still had the black vein in it. I'm sure it was too small to devein before cooking. I am sorry I walked the distance only to be completely disappointed. I do not recommend the shrimp poboy.My daughter found this place because of the potato menu.  But from there this place surpassed every expectation.  I highly recommend this place.  The best muffuletta we had in New Orleans.  Great friendly service.  I mean the friendliest service we had in all of our time in New Orleans.  
If you are going to go to any restaurant in New Orleans, go to this one!!!!!Summary
No frills local diner that serves decent food quickly and with a smile
Details:
I'm very particular about my grits, and I wasn't too impressed here, but it wasn't bad either. Their take on eggs benedict was a bit spicy but I would order it again. I'm not sure it's a Southern thing, but hash browns are more like home fries (I'm from NYC). Also remember to bring cash to this place.
The best thing here is the speediness of the service and the quality and friendliness of the servers!It's our first time in New Orleans and we are lucky to be near this resto. I ordered the BLT poboy while my mom ordered the Ham in Toast. Boy, oh poboy! Incredibly delicious especially that the crispy bacon took my breath away. I'll definitely come back for more if I could. The service is also excellent and the food is totally affordable.Another tiny little hole in the wall breakfast spot in downtown NOLA that I found through Yelp! I ordered the CBB as recommended by EVERYONES reviews and I was NOT disappointed. DELICIOUS!! I also felt like the staff thought of customers as family. One of the older gentleman asked me what my plans were for the day and checked on me frequently. What a delightful place to be! Also my entire breakfast was $8 and it was MASSIVE!! Great deal for the NOLA area for sure. If i'm back for work I'll definitely be back!Visit Date: 03.08.2011
Was looking for a local po' boy place near the French Quarter and in walking distance from the Hilton, and this seemed the place to be. I had the shrimp po' boy and red beans and rice. Great stuff, but I believe I did not get the regular fare, as I had to order off the Mardi Gras menu, which meant higher prices and less food. For example, during Mardi Gras it was $10 for a shrimp po' boy, no fries, and $6 for a cup of red beans and rice, sans sausage and not served on a plate. I can't blame a mom and pop shop for trying to make more money during special days, but charging $10 for a simple po' boy is a bit ridic.Found this little gem on a list of places to eat in New Orleans. Although we came to get breakfast, we had missed it so we ended up getting shrimp po' boys. They were so yummy, the bread & shrimp to the "dressing" ratio was just perfect. 
The kitchen was also backed up and we waited a bit for the food, but the manager promptly offered a refund and free refills on our drinks. We declined the refund since things happen and then was offered breakfast on them! Unfortunately we don't have the time to go back, but will DEFINITELY next time we're in town.
Heads up if you go for breakfast, they stop serving it at 11am!Great place for breakfast, great omelettes, even better CBB, very decent coffee and super-friendly staff! Will definitely go back!The best place to have your breakfast while in downtown NOLA. Try their signature CBB breakfast meal, IMO it was simply delicious, topped with a warm and friendly service, feels like you're back in the 50's/60's having breakfast in your favourite diner. Try it and you'll be back again for sure!Truly a classic NOLA gem! The oyster poboy was so good that we came back on the last day of our trip to get a poboy for the airplane ride! Staff is super friendly, it's almost like you're having lunch at their home. But back to the oyster poboy, the oysters were bigger than any of the other restaurants that we went to. Do you guys deliver to Chicago?The food here is good and affordable,  I just wish they served pancakes. The Creole eggs Benedict was the best.This is exactly the type of place I wanted to get breakfast from. My mouth was on fire from the Cajon eggs benedict, but I ate every bite. Nom nom nom.Quite possibly the best biscuits on the planet. Friendly, zippy service, cheapest meal I've found in New Orleans. Divey, in a good way.Majoria's is good for what it is. A simple place with classics at great prices. I had the rice and beans with smoked and andouille sausage. The andouille was fantastic! The dish comes with a salad (just okay) and french bread (very good). The restaurant is nestled in an interesting historic part of the Central Business District.This ended up being my first stop in town. Just what I needed after the flight in. The Po Boy was everything it should of been. My kind of place. Not to expensive and good food. Not a tourist trap as the place was loaded for lunch by locals.Fantastic team working to take care of you, great service! The oyster po boy was amazing, the oysters coated in a light, crispy breading, tasted fresh and had a nice crunch. The meatloaf special was better than mom made! Definitely have to get back to try the gumbo!This is another great downtown po-boy spot.  The lines do get long and seating is limited so try to beat the lunch rush if you can.
HUGE portions--my friends often get the red beans and rice, which has to be enough for three meals.  I usually say I'm going to stop at half a po-boy and end up staring at scraps of po-boy bread wondering where my shrimp went went ten minutes later, but if you can control yourself, they've got a ready supply of to-go boxes.
All their platters come with generous side dishes too.  I'd avoid the salad unless you want pale lettuce swimming in Italian, but their other options look pretty good.This was our favorite breakfast spot in New Orleans with super friendly service and very good food at reasonable prices. The eggs Benedict were vet good, especially the signature spicy one smothered in cheesy jalapeño yumminess!  Also, the biscuit here is as good as anywhere you've ever had. Get here!My last day in New Orleans and I just had to try this place. I'd walked by it for the past week on the way to the convention center and had read most all the Yelp reviews talking about how good it was, so before I went to the airport I dropped by for a quick breakfast. So before I go any further let me say the "ambience" is not what gets the five stars - basically it had a very common interior with pretty rickety tables and chairs - so the five stars were solely for the food, which for a breakfast is hard to do!!! But they pull it off!!! I got the usual breakfast (can't remember what they call it), but it's 2 eggs over easy, bacon, cheese grits, and a biscuit. Everything was cooked just right, the bacon was crispy, the grits were awesome, the biscuit was everything that everybody had raved about, and the eggs were cooked to perfection. I also got hot, black coffee and a lot of it!! My waitress was great, fun to talk with and there whenever I needed more coffee. Definitely check this place out for a great breakfast in New Orleans!Loved the food and the service was authentic as well. I'm sure they get alot of tourist which can be so annoying, but they were genuinely nice and full of information and suggestions to check outWhere has this place been my whole life?!?! The best breakfast ever. They do the simple things well no frills just down home good breakfast food. AMAZING!!!Great breakfast! Biscuits were melt-in-your-mouth fluffy, bacon crisp, and omelette huge. To top off the coffee was great and service was perfect. Will go back!There are two places in NOLA that are local and have amazing food and service. This is DEFINITELY one of them. I just saw a review that said "Get it together you bunch of rude mean people." I don't know the reviewer, but I cannot even imagine that person has a clue of what he/she is talking about. The staff was absolutely INCREDIBLE. They were soooo nice and helpful, guiding us on what to have, being patient when we couldn't decide, and showing approval for my boyfriend's insane appetite for incredible food. It's really just a down to earth local place to enjoy good cajun food or a simple, diner breakfast. It is cash only, so make sure you come prepared.Local "hole-in-the-wall" serving reasonably-priced New Orleans staples for breakfast and lunch. 
I was looking for an affordable alternative to the Sheraton for a basic breakfast (eggs and sausage or an omelet) and this definitely fit the bill. Ordered a vegetable omelet (cauliflower, broccoli, and zucchini) - it was a little salty for my tastes, but otherwise hit the spot for breakfast. Service was speedy, bacon was super crisp, and prices were very fair.Looking for an inexpensive, good hole in the wall is what I do.  I read the reviews on yelp for the Commerce Restaurant and thought it sounded right.  Well, these folks might be the friendliest in all of NOLA.  
Ms. Jean behind the counter greeted me with a big smile and "Hey Baby!". She quickly explained how to order and what the specials were.  I had come in for a po boy, but her description of the fried chicken this day almost made me change my mind.  
The shrimp were lightly breaded and flakey.  Ms. Jean threw that sandwich together just right with enough mayo to moisten but not overpower the shrimp.  I also had an order of yam fries.  They were fine.  Next time I'll order some beans and rice instead.  
Everyone was friendly and welcoming.  The atmosphere is of a 50's sandwich counter with the red and white upholstered chairs and white speckled countertop tables.  The clientele ranged from first time tourist (such as myself) and the businessmen who work down the block.  
I highly recommend coming to see Ms. Jean and trying everything you can on the menu.  I'll be back tomorrow for the seafood gumbo.We went first thing in the morning. The place was not as packed as I thought it would be. The service was as welcoming as going to your grandmaw's, OR to some other older relative who actually knows how to cook.    : )
  The place is nice and clean and everyone working there is super friendly. They do not half-a** anything here. 
  The menu is straight up and absolutely no frills.  They do very little but they do it very, very well. We got a loaded biscuit which had sausage, jalapenos, and cheese sauce, and we also got a humongous "Monster" platter. We are big eaters and we could not finish our plates. Everything was spot on. 
  It is not hard to find, and I've seen single brunch/breakfast plates priced the same as we paid for two huge meals plus coffee. Its sooooo worth a try.Great local joint with True New Orleans flair.
Cheap and quick breakfast when you are short on time but want a quality breakfast!This is a traditional diner with quick service, cheap prices, friendly staff, and good food! My husband got the sausage omelette which was good, but you should really be coming here for the CBB. It's a creole-style eggs Benedict. It was perfectly-seasoned and not overwhelmingly spicy. I got the half portion which was one half biscuit and one egg but with the same amount of sauce as the full size. Would also recommend a side of toast for extra dunking!Cute little diner. The people are so warm and nice. Food was good for breakfast and easy to take out to take back to the hotel. Great way to start the day.My friend and I visited here twice during the stay. Overall it is a good place. They serve the food in a large portion so I suggest half the size if you have ordinary capacity. The CBB was tasty, kinda salty but worth trying occasionally. People are friendly there.Good breakfast and good people.
If you want an experience just sit at the bar and  enjoy people.
Honest food and personable staff ready to entertain.
Endless and hilarious banter.
Enjoy.We had a great brunch at Majoria's yesterday, complete with eggs & grits, bacon, red beans & rice, the fried shrimp plate, and spaghetti & meatballs. The food was really tasty and well-prepared--a cut above the usual diner fare. And it was a really great value. We paid less than $40 for the five of us. But what was best was the service. We arrived too late for the regular breakfast menu, but the kitchen staff went out of their way to prepare breakfast foods for us. You'll be glad you came here!If you make it before the mid-day breakfast rush then you should be fine. The restaurant is cramp and operates like a family-style diner as most of the employees are super friendly.
The significant other and I shared the Commerce breakfast biscuit. You can get it in a half or whole biscuit; ours was a half. It was like cheese heaven. Instead of biscuits and gravy, it was biscuits and cheese, emphasis on the cheese. I could feel my aerial walls closing in as we shared the dish. There was also an over easy egg that topped this dish.
They have other simple breakfast items on the cheap too. We just happened to have picked the most unique item on the menu.We missed breakfast :(  actually we arrived at the change over, and they were still able to do eggs and toast, but we opted for lunch.  The counter staff were outstanding, they made us feel like old friends.  We ended up with a mufaletta and shrimp po boy.  No frills here, just really, really good sandwiches!  The shrimp, oh, the shrimp.  Delicious, lightly fried, not greasy, just shrimp yumminess spilling out of that delicious crusty roll.  Very generous portions, we ended up with a little bit to carry out.Best lunch special in the CBD and arguably the downtown area as a whole. The lunch special is different everyday and comes with a salad, vegetable, bread and a side. Great deal for $8.50
Nicest staff in townVery nice friendly place. We came here twice for breakfast. Nice food and quaint atmosphere. CBB is not to be missed.Hole in the wall diner. Great southern breakfast. Very friendly staff, filling breakfast, warm coffee and couldn't have had a better diner breakfast.Terrific little diner. Nothing fancy, this is an authentic diner with outstanding friendly service. Their breakfast special is the "CBB". It brings a little cajun heat to the morning. Great food, great prices.Local flavor nice people. Po boy was shrimp. And they were small and overly fried and very rubbery and hard to chew. Good flavor and big portion.  10$ also decent as you could hypothetically split it. People watching and local feeling 5/5 *****.Delicious food and amazing staff. Loved their sweetened ice tea, gumbo and loaded potato. It made my day!This is a good place for lunch without breaking your pocketbook. I had etouffee and my husband had gumbo. They were both good. The boudin balls were tasty also. We were glad to eat someplace below $50! French Quarter dining has been pricey, pricey seemingly no matter where we go.Unfortunately we missed the world famous Cajun eggs so I order a shrimp poboy instead. It was ok but the customer service was simply AMAZING!!!!The locals are going to hate me for this but all of you going to Mother's because you heard its the place to go - keep walking a little further for a less touristy, tastier food alternative.  
What a great find for us this last trip to NOLA, been visiting for almost 20 years. Amazingly friendly staff... like everyone one of them. Loved hearing them greet all the locals by name as they walked in for lunch. It was Fried chicken day and it was some of the best I've ever had. We also had a shrimp po-boy, spot on and as good as any I've ever had. 
Couldn't recommend this place more!! We will return next visit.Great food! The shrimp po'boy was just what I was looking for - juicy shrimp packed in between soft bread with the works!  It was a bit crowded but we managed to squeeze into a table. It seemed a bit disorganized at times between the ladies plating the food and the kitchen making the food. We waited some time because the shrimp they ran out of shrimp and we're frying a new batch.  However, the ladies made it a point that we weren't forgotten and checked up on us often. 
Wish I had more room in my belly to try the other items. The fried chicken and sides looked delicious!  I would definitely go back!!!They were out of biscuits and the special, so maybe that would have made this better, but the one egg, grits, toast, and bacon meal I had was fine. It was cheap, so that's a plus, but otherwise it wasn't nothing special. The grits were super bland and the service was pretty terrible. Rude servers and it took almost 40 minutes after ordered to get some eggs, grits, etc. And we were there at an off time even, though it was still fairly busy.  Most of that food is made and sitting under heat lips anyway so they weren't making anything fresh except eggs. No idea why it took forever. Also they said they were out of omelets but still served eggs so no idea what that was about. I wish we had waited for the longer line at the Ruby Slipper.Great breakfast! Really good biscuits, bacon done just right. Great service, very attentive. Can be a bit busy with locals so you might have to wait a few minutes for a table but worth it.Great service, big portions and inexpensive, but the po boy and hamburger were as bland as can be.Love this place!!! The staff that works here is what New Orleans is all about, fun, friendly and caring. It's literally like walking into Ya Mom n ems house!!!Side I had where just ok my boyfriend like them once salt and pepper was added so the sides we had was Mac & cheese, potato salad, red bean and rice way too much salt in this dish, catfish fish was fried great with seasoning oyster shrimp I do not eat salt so I love it when the flavor come through food without it and that was the case with the seafood customer service was great sweet tea just right sweet the half and half did not likeI love greasy spoons and this spot is good for a simple breakfast and the lunch menu looked good too. We got there around 10 on a weekday and they ran out of biscuits and potatoes! The grits were comforting. They are generous with the bacon. The night before they were filming a movie with Robert Deniro at the diner.Nice local diner. Spent a week in New Orleans and ate at a lot of places that were overpriced and not so tasty but the food here was awesome. I had the sphagetti and meatballs the first day for lunch and returned the second day for lunch and had the fried chicken special.  Very friendly crew too!I had a bacon omelette and they did not skimp on the bacon. The bacon was cooked perfectly crisp & the homemade biscuit was excellent. 
It was a good breakfast and it didn't break the bank. The servers were friendly and attentive. Would go back and I'd order the biscuit again.Thursday morning, a bit run down looking when you walk in, but staff is super friendly saying hi w Louisiana charm. 
-CCB, commerce biscuit, as suggested without hesitation by waitress: big, drowning in gallons of melted/liquid cheese, jalapeños add a nice spice, well flavored - tasty way of eating plate of cheese w biscuit floating in itFood is so great and inexpensive. Super cute and causal diner with some good home style food.Stumbled upon this gem while down in Nola for Mardi Gras. Authentic to a t! Hole-in-the-wall just a few steps off the main streets. Phenomenal po'boy and great, local vibe. I believe they close early, so go for lunch!They didn't have omelettes unfortunately but the eggs that I ordered were done just right and the potatoes and grits were seasoned perfectly!This place was amazing. I could not believe the prices. Its like stepping back in time. friendly staff, great food with personality. The grits were perfect. The eggs were perfect. The home fries were the BEST i ever tasted. and the Biscuit made me sad that this was my last meal in New Orleans.Was invited in served coffee and helped with my order. Great food and friendly service. 
Very reasonably priced which was appreciated in the touristy French Quarter.  I had a great breakfast and wondered how their lunch was.3 of us had an awesome breakfast and the bill was under $20.  It was simple and delicious, the people were friendly and it was fast.  Hash browns only thing we didn't finish - a bit plain.Great fresh food at a great and reasonable price.  The shrimp and fish po-boy is fresh and the bread is so good. Worth a stop for a quick fresh meal.Sign says Best Coffee in Town, and it is! Friendly staff and food so good we came back a second morning. We'll tell our friends this is a great place when in New Orleans.A hidden gem.  Nothing fancy just Wonderful southern hospitality  great breakfast choices at very reasonable rates. Coffee cups where always full and friendly service and interesting conversation aboundWe wanted a quick breakfast and this was just a block and a half from the hotel and had good reviews.    It is a diner and the five star rating is for a diner.   Food and coffee was good.        I had the veggie omelet which had cooked broccoli as the main part-for some reason something I hadn't thought to do myself but it was delicious and I will probably do myself.   They are fast and efficient which is what you want along with tasty food.We found this gem and went there for lunch while in NOLA for a work conference. The place was packed with locals (good sign!). The service was amazing. Southern hospitality at its finest.  We had the special - smothered chicken with corn, mashed potatoes, and a salad. All for about $10. The food was great and tasted like you were eating at your grandma's.  I highly recommend this place.This was our first visit here and we went at lunchtime. 
There was a line and all tables were filled. We worried about not finding a seat and thought we might should get the food to go just in case but but the time we got our food a table or two was available. 
I ordered the shrimp poboy with sweet potato fries. This was enough for two people and very good.  There was so much shrimp that it overflowed onto the plate off the sandwich. 
They have lunch specials and regular menu items. The seafood gumbo looked delicious and several ordered that while we were in line. This is a tiny little restaurant and the employees were very efficient and friendly.The fired oyster po-boy was simple and perfect.Great real local food. We had an amazing experience in this place. Strongly suggest the CBB for breakfast.this is a great spot for a hearty breakfast.  they got those patten's hot andouilles and the best potato hash.  po boys are delish and the other creole dishes taste homecooked.  love the staff, they give you that good ole southern hospitality.The poboys were your average New Orleans poboys. Just a little bit expensive. Kinda small restaruant.Great place. Breakfast and Lunch is served. Great spot for CBD workers to get in and out. The menu is classic New Orleans. The staff is very friendly and remind you of your grandma.Super affordable...you can buy the whole family lunch here and wonder if the cashier added it up correctly, fast paced local spot that you must try. Only had lunch, but will be back for breakfast!
Ok this isn't the trendy, polished type of place that exists all over, this is a real local dive. This kind of place is what travel is all about. Can't say it's the picture of a healthy meal...it's delicious and awesome...just don't eat here every day ;-)
Don't leave the city without at least having experienced a meal here! This is the kind of hole in the wall you will never forget. Absolutely a must do in the cityWhat a great little hole in the wall place! The service was excellent. I really enjoyed the old school diner atmosphere. I had the veggie omelet and sampled the grits which didn't need dressing up. The were outstanding as served. I heard another customer say,'These are the best grits I've ever had.' I can only agree.The shrimp po boy here was one of my favorite meals of the trip. This  diner is frequented by many locals but we felt welcome here. Wish I had room for the red beans and rice, as I saw many people that looked like they were on their lunch break ordering it. Like other reviewers, the older man bussing tables is a sweet southern gentleman. I'd definitely go back.Diner food. Had the CBB it was excellent. Coffee and meal were $7.25 and can't be beat. I'll be there again tomorrow. Wow! Recommended to me and I would recommend to others.The last leg of our New Orleans trip we were pretty tired. We just come back from a themed cruise and probably got about six hours entire week of sleep. Of course our number one destination us to go to Ruby slipper Café. We found it, but the wait was way too long. We decided to get on the waiting list and walk around the area when we stumbled upon Majoria's commerce restaurant. I'm glad we did. I ordered the Oyster po boy. My friends ordered a classic sub and a shrimp Po boy we order the potato salad also. I would say at this place is a little pricey but I do not mind it Because the service was great and the food was exceptional. Very cute classic style diner with a little renovations. A secret hidden gem!Come here if you want an outstanding poboy or fried chicken where the locals eat. Convenient walk from our hotel at Canal Place. Highly recommend!Great little old school diner.  Feels like you're stepping back in time when you walk through the door.  Basic, simple, inexpensive menu.  Service was great, so hospitable, nicest folks work there.  Food came up fast, it was so tasty.  Biscuit, egg, sausage, jalapeno, cheese goodness, 1/2 order, was perfect (if you like spice).Excellent low-key breakfast place, nothing fancy, but if you fancy eggs, bacon, sausage, hash browns and toast then you have come to the right place.  Very friendly service.  Recommended!Fantastic piece of history. Excellent home cooked local food. The shrimp po boy and the beans and rice were really really good.  A large selection of breakfast and lunch. Authentic 1965 decor hasn't changed a bit. Owner is second generation.Super friendly staff, very welcoming the moment you walk inside. The Po Boy breakfast sandwiches are to die forWhen in Rome, do as the Romans!  Same applies for NOLA!  Me, my buddy and his boys had a men's trip to NOLA for a few days.  We asked where a good, "locals" place for breakfast was... we were immediately escorted to Commerce!  From the minute we walked in to the return visit the very next morning, it was exactly what we hoped for!!  First, the food... outstanding!  A country diner style breakfast the way I remember getting at a diner when I was a kid... but better!  Atmosphere.. it's a diner!  Loved it!  But, the people... the people endeared us to this place!  They treated you like family!  Like they've known you forever!  Words like honey, sweetheart and love were interjected with, "baby, you wants some more coffee?!"  Going there twice simply was not enough!  I cannot wait until we go again!  What a great experience!  Thank you!!!3 egg omelette was delicious. Great customer service. Cassandra was awesome. She made us feel like family. My friend had the CBB and his plate was cleared before everyone else lol. You will enjoy!!This place is great, comfort food like no other in New Orleans.  We had breakfast there every morning on a recent family trip to New Orleans.  The kids loved the Cajun Eggs Benedict.  The staff were the friendliest people we encountered in New Orleans.  Go there, you will not be disappointed.Amazing food, friendly, fast entertaining service, reasonable prices. The biscuits were amazing !Love this place.  Only a few blocks walk from our hotel and on our way to bourbon.  It was unpretentious and great food. 
Hubby had the tomato and shrimp special and I had the fried catfish poboy.  Omg it was the best one I have ever had.  It was humongous with probably four large filet pieces of fried catfish. Perfectly crispy not oily and flavorful. 
I am feeling hungry just thinking about it.  Hubby liked his shrimp dish as well. Staff is very friendly.  Seem family owned.  We ate a great luck for $25 for two people.  Highly recommendSouthern hospitality at its best. Oh yeah and the food is good too :) but don't expect too much variety.. you get eggs meat and a biscuit anyway you put it #satisfied5  First stop after arriving in New Orleans and it sure didn't disappoint! Love the homey old school vibe, people and of course the food! Please do yourself a favor and head here. (Do yourself another favor and get a shrimp po' boy ) Will be back before we leave!Good food. Solid service  plenty of choices.  Gets pretty crowded so get there early. D enjoy!This tiny diner is worth the wait. Old fashioned style meets stick to your ribs breakfast. I had the CBB biscuit plate and it was the best breakfast I'd had in a while. The red beans and rice with sausage is a hit; spicy, savory, and delicious. Find a place to park, give yourself a good 90 minutes at least, and come stuff yourself.The CBB breakfast was so great we came back two days in a row. As many reviews before the staff treats you better than anywhere I have been. Each day Lyn was greeted as Queenie and the second day she not only remembered us, but also what we ordered. Great New Orleans, big easy ambiance and great breakfast.Great greasy spoon, clearly popular with locals and tourists alike. I definitely ordered wrong. If i were to rate the place based on hamburgers and fries it would be two stars, but I breakfast food looked good. Clearly the local cops like it--not that cops are known for culinary discernment, but still...
As far as the service goes, I'd say it's more "authentic" than "friendly"--meaning they will treat you like an actual human being rather than a customer. In my case, that meant realizing that I looked like I'd been up all night and letting me eat in relative peace. In the case of the perky couple sitting next to me at the counter, that meant playful banter. So, something for everyone. Just steer clear of the hamburgers.Best place to eat breakfast in New Orleans! Simple menu, quickly made food, small town feeling and an incredibly friendly staff. No need to wait inline at the Ruby Slipper for an hour! Keep in mind they do not open weekends and close at lunch time. Also, this place has 10 tables max so come early.
I had a cup of coffee, orange juice, two over easy eggs, bacon and hash browns. I believe my meal was less than $8. I sat at the counter with my girlfriend. She ordered a 3 cheese omelette with hash browns. We spent under $20 and left feeling stuffed. The food was yummy, nothing out of this world, but the food came out within 2 minutes hot and made to order.
Also, a waitress walked by with a plate full of bacon 30-40 strips, to fill up their to-go area. It so happens I was starring at her and that plate. She stopped turned and said to me, "you want bacon?." I said "no, no I already ordered I'm alright." She responded by smiling and telling me not to be shy that if I wanted some to just ask. I said, "I guess I can take some." She put about 10 strips of bacon onto my plate and said, "don't worry we wont charge you, have a wonderful time." She was so kind and the bacon so good.. 
I ended up leaving my waiter, not the bacon lady, a good tip. The bacon lady said, "have a wonderful day" as we left. The simple things are so important in life. This is why I had to give them a perfect rating. Good cheap fast service food with wonderful staff.This is the ultimate authentic NOLA experience. This spot is where the locals come and it's very clear when you walk in. Food & prices were great, friendly service. I had to take a star away only because if you've never been here before or are a tourist like my friend and I you will be very confused by the menu which is posted on a chalk board above your head, half the chalk looks wiped off and you can't really read what it says. The rest of the menu is on little Coca Cola signs. They stopped serving breakfast at 11 which is fine because it's all about the seafood gumbo!!!! MmmmmmmmmIt's a small menu, few options. Don't go there thinking you'll order waffles or french toast, fruits no way! The only have biscuit sandwiches and omelets, both served with grits or hash browns (which didn't taste quite good, no crispy at all).
The cheese they use is processed, very very yellow, I can just imagine how not healthy it is.
But, it is really cheap, so if you're short on money and don't care about a healthy breakfast it could be an option.Friends and I came to this place and had the muffaletta, fried shrimp, fried oysters and fried catfish, french fries, the fried pork chop, and red beans and rice. 
The food is good and the restaurant is diner style. 
All the food (besides the pork chop) tends to be on the salty side. I'm not a huge fan of really, really salty foods which is why this is a 3 for me.Breakfast was great!  Service was phenomenal and the prices are super reasonable.  Everyone was so friendly.  It's a little diner that leaves a BIG impression.  Anything off the menu will be great, but the potatoes are unreal!!  So good!!!  Definitely on the hit list every trip to NOLA.Needed a quick breakfast sandwich before touring area. Did take out and so happy with meal! Egg biscuit - great scrambled eggs on biscuit - super tasty and cheap! Old school cash register and diner atmosphere. Definitely worth visiting for a good meal. Nothing fancy but great food.Incredible breakfast with very attentive staff.  Great southern experience.
My wife and I were looking for a real local feel and we found it here.Great value for breakfast at a diner. The staff has a superb sense of humor and interacting with them is all part of the experience. 
So, if you happen to be overserved beignets at 1 am the night before, and shamefully order the half size of the CBB, they'll tell you to "Go big or go back!"The CBB was was a good breakfast choice. The coffee was also very good. Must try when you're in the area.Breakfast for two was $12. If you're as cheap as me, that's a five star restaurant already. But the food was good too. The veggie omelet had a nice variety of perfectly cooked veggies in it, and it came with grits and toast. 
Don't come here if you have special instructions for how you want your food prepared. You get it the way they make it. But it's good, and it's cheap.Right now, our favorite breakfast..."CBB".  Cajun eggs benedict.delicious ligjt, fluffy biscuit, with over easy egg on top, smothered with a cheese sauce with jalapenos and a little Cajun kick.  Friendly, homey atmosphere..just like an old fashioned diner.This is my boyfriend and I first time in New Orleans and according to Yelp this was a great place to try!! The place is pretty small, but the smell and taste of the food makes you feel like you're at grandma's house!! You seat yourself if there is an available table and wait to be satisfied! There homemade biscuits literally melt in your mouth!! The sad part is they are only open Monday- Friday so if your trip involves any weekday, be sure to give this place a try! You won't regret it!!How could you not love this place? Easy good po' boy, great staff, fresh ingredients. This is my new favorite lunch spot downtown.Outstanding customer service! The staff treated us very well. I like this spot because of their authentic local cuisines.An epic local dive! Love the ambiance!  Had a hot sausage po boy with yam fries. Tasty!  Nothing fancy, but food is flavorful .This place has good food for a fair price. The coffee and eggs and grits were delicious. I think it has been around for a long time. The waitress was very nice and the food came very quickly. If you are in New Orleans you should give this place a shotI love this place.  The people there are SO NICE!  It reminds me of Mother's... the food is pretty good... definitely not healthy, but the people are so nice it makes me want to go in there every day!We rolled in for breakfast after finding a pretty high yelp review.  The quaint restaurant was loaded with character and the staff was helpful and authentic.  I am pretty sure the Cajon Eggs Benedict took a year off of my life, but I knew what I was getting myself into.  It was very tasty and everything else they brought to other tables looked quite good as well.  You can't beat their prices.  I would definitely recommend it.Best breakfast I had during my trip. Grits, eggs, & biscuits were perfect. Had some great conversation with the owner, showing us his southern hospitality. Definitely a place to stop for some local cuisine and not a tourist trap. Try the CBB!!Looking for the Real Diner? You know the one actual New Orleans people go to for real southern diner fare?
Well, this is it. 
Really good cuppacoffee !
Super friendly staff, great daily specials, supported by a down home menu selection.
No wait when we arrived. 
We've found our breakfast place for the central,  French quarter area.Really friendly warm place for breakfast!   Good coffee fast service and good food.    I had scrambled eggs with sausage .   Didn't much like sausage but eggs and biscuit were really good.  My husband who doesn't like breakfast was able to get a  ham P.O. not.  Thumbs up!Superb Southern hospitality service and good food. Tucked away but if you look hard you can find it.
Best grits I've had going back to what Momma made. They come out ready so no salt or butter is required. Awesome biscuits -- don't you dare get toast!Such a cute little breakfast place..  food was great!! Service was nice as well... would definitely come backGood basic breakfast if you are looking for eggs, biscuits or grits. They don't have pancakes or waffles. Food is good and cooked fresh. Smaller restaurant with just a few tables. Prices are inexpensive for a city breakfast. Coffee was pretty good. The biscuits were some of the best I've had anywhere. Eggs are eggs, so for a quick breakfast, this is a great option.Top notch NOLA diner and sand which shop. No frills but good food and big portions. Ordered the "Muffulatta" sandwich -on a sesame bun with potato salad. Sandwich was toasted to perfection  with melted provolone do the bread, meats and cheese were warm, then topped with the cold olive salad. Friend order grilled chicken salad. Everything tasted great!With the allure of all the touristy places like Jimmy J's and Ruby Slipper...this was a welcomed change of pace.  It was busy the first day we went and I was too hungry to sit and wait for a table.  The line was about 10 deep.  The second day we went back and got seated right away.  The service here is awesome...I mean absolutely awesome.  I could have had a terrible meal and it still would have been worth the service experience.  So friendly, It was like going to an old friends house that you haven't seen in years...but that friend could also throw down in the kitchen.  The portions were generous, the prices were cheap for being where it is, and the flavor of the food was down right satisfying in every way.  Skip the over priced tourist locations and find this place for a great meal and great service.Great lunch! Three of us shared a Red Beans w/Rice and Hot Sausage, a shrimp po' boy, and a roast beef po' boy.  All three were exceptional.  Going back for breakfast in the morning.Best breakfast I have had ever in NOLA! And one of the only places where all our food was hot. Cleaned my plate.This is a local, authentic breakfast/lunch diner. They greet regulars by name. Good prices, great food, great staff. If you're not afraid of waking up with spice and cholesterol get the CBB (Commerce Breakfast Biscuit - Cajun eggs Benedict). I got the whole order, but half would have been plenty.Delicious shrimp po boy.  Also had the gumbo which was good.  Most disappointing was that we got there after breakfast so couldn't try the CBB.  Staff was extremely friendly and helpful!  Definitely a hole in the wall restaurant.Missed breakfast because the kids couldn't get out of bed, but the lunch was fantastic. Poboys, red beans and rice, shrimp, sausage. One of the best meals of the trip and by far the least expensive. Will definitely add this to the rotation.Came here 2 days in a row craving the CBB! It's delish! Both times had the 1/2 portion and it was perfect , that's if you're a light breakfast person. Yeah, little hole in the wall but a GEM! Prices are super reasonable and food is on point..This was just a block down from our hotel and satisfied my breakfast craving. 
Ambiance: old school diner. Few places in NOLA seem to be too concerned with their decor and this is one of them. Lots of laughing and playfulness among the staff. I was NOT enjoying the racist side comments by the local sitting next to us at the counter. He seemed to be a regular and I am not sure why the almost all African American staff (except for the white manager looking guy who handled the cash) tolerated and went along with his bs. 
Food: simple straight up good eats. I had the egg bacon po-boy. The bacon was perfect. Let me say that again. THE BACON WAS PERFECT!! Coffee was good. My daughters eggs, sausage and grits were simply delicious.
Cost: Very affordable.
Service: All of the staff were very nice, lively and there seemed to be a large number of people working. We got there at 10:40 and there were many spots at the counter. We ordered right away and got our food  very quickly.Love this place! Was in NOLA this week and stopped here for breakfast for 2 days out of the week. They were so hospitable with their service and the food was great. Definitely recommend.The waitress's called everyone "My Baby" and she was sincere. The place is what you want if you want a local diner. Clean and comfy. We had the breakfast special which was Cajun Eggs Benedict. 
The cheese sauce is perfect in that it has some heat but not too much. A fluffy biscuit and the eggs were on point.Awesome cheap diner breakfast, especially when hungover.Doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside they make the best lunch in town.  The day I was there I had a roasted cornish hen with green beans, corn bread and lima beans.  Po'boys look good too.  Very reasonable.Fantastic and friendly service. I ordered the seafood delight potato and it is HUGE. I should have just shared it with someone in my group. It did take a bit longer for the potato to be done, but the servers kept checking in for us. Check it out if you're on the lookout for comfort food.Great food, friendly staff, maybe needs little bit of update but still very cozy and warm:)Well worth finding these great spot.  Cheap breakfast and lunch.  Be sure to have the CBB for breakfest.  Spicy and taste awesome.  Great coffee.Delicious and CHEAP!  If you want no frills but great taste and a little bit of New Orleans hospitality eat here.  We had breakfast here twice.  I got 2 eggs, grits, sausage and a biscuit -  it was too much food but I couldn't stop. My daughter got the biscuit sandwich - twice!  My husband got the CBB, he loved it and will try to make it at home.  The 4 of us ate for under $25 before tip, in New Orleans, in 2016, with 3 coffees.I was in town for a few days, and this was my last day. So needless to say I wanted an inexpensive and tasty place to go for breakfast. I'm so glad I went here! First of all, their service staff were so welcoming! I loved it. I asked for recommendations and the waitress recommended the CBB (Commerce Breakfast Biscuit) and it was only for $4.25 for half biscuit! It was delicious. My only complaint is the amount of cheese sauce. If I'm ever back in NOLA I'd go back!Based on Yelp reviews giving this restaurant 4 stars and the reasonable cost we decided to head there for lunch today.  It was only a couple of blocks walk from our hotel on Canal Street.
This small hole-in-the-wall type restaurant deserved its Yelp rating.  My BLT was excellent with enough bacon that it overflowed the toast. My husband"s salad with grilled  shrimp was excellent.  It was piled high with small shrimp.  There is a choice between placing your order at the counter or at your table but it looked like counter service was faster.
The price was also very nice so give this one a try for lunch.I am a Louisianian living in South Florida. Although the food is pretty good in SoFlo, the service is usually not as personable, something I grew up with when living in Louisiana. My girlfriends and I stayed at the Q&C Hotel for the Jazz Fest and decided to try Commerce for lunch upon our arrival. Upon entering, the ladies behind the counter greeted us with the New Orleans accent that I have dearly missed. The menu--extensive deliciousness (fried chicken, twice baked potato, NOLA staples such as poboys, etc).  One decided on the fried chicken which she described as perfectly cooked. And two of us decided to share a shrimp and fish platter. Salads accompanied the meals and we topped it with their homemade balsamic vinaigrette. The fried bite size shrimp and lightly battered catfish melted in our mouths. I heard the fried chicken (a breast and two legs) was just like "grandma used to make." Sides included a half of a potato, whole kernel corn, fries and red beans and rice. All created a party on our palates. We could not finish our meal and the price of such a feast with drinks for 3 = $24.00!!!!! We decided then and there that we would have breakfast there the next day for some grits! They did not disappoint and the crew remembered us from the day before. Scrambled eggs, grits, home fries and nothing needed additional seasoning!! My only disappointment is that they are not open on weekends.  The treat we had on Thur and Fri should carry us through the weekend!Great breakfast potatoes and the best and nicest servers I've ever been around. Down home local place. No pretensions here. Just a local place with local food.Good little breakfast spot. I wish, since they're only open until 2:30, that they would keep their breakfast going for all their hours. 
Big food -- a little more on the greasy side than you can stomach eating regularly. I do think it could be a little less expensive, too. Being downtown, though, I guess it's just nice to have a little diner that seats executives alongside working folk in a natural way you don't find much anymore in American cities. 
The staff here are always friendly and like to joke around.On my recent visit to NOLA (5/4-7) I encountered Majoria's Commerce Restaurant and it is a gem not to be missed. From the moment I walked in the door, I was greeted by Cassandra and Jasmine and all the ladies behind the counter in a exceptionally warm manner. That was only the start as the food there was an incredible slice of all NOLA has to offer. I began with red beans and rice with smoked and hot sausage and followed that up with a shrimp po'boy. (Yes I love to eat) I returned the following day for fried chicken (so good the bones were seasoned) cheddar mashed potatoes, corn, salad and french bread. My wife also loved this place and when she couldn't find it and wanted to go elsewhere I went and got her and she enjoyed it as much as I did. The owner Brett is a fixture at the restaurant and the fact that his place has very low turnover is a huge plus. The chef is Rome and he does some amazing stuff. I am planning a special trip back to NOLA in June just so I can have their Cajun egg biscuit for breakfast. They're only open Mon-Fri from 7:30a.m. - 2:30p.m. so get there early and enjoy!I'd been craving lasagna, and found this place.  They have daily specials, and this week's Wednesday was lasagna day.  They start serving lunch at 11 am.  Small joint, friendly ladies behind the counter. Nice size piece of homemade lasagna, came with green beans and salad for $10.  Great price for the CBD.  Lasagna was very meaty, and satisfied my craving. Green beans, though possibly canned, were filled with flavor. Salad was ok, blue cheese dressing was good.  I'd go back, if in the area.So glad we made the fun breakfast stop to commerce! The old decor and service are entertaining and the food is just as comforting. The omelette, grits, and biscuit were very good. Also, the cbb was insanely tasty with the egg, spice, biscuit, meat and cheese all mixed around. Can't wait to go back to the local feeling place!Food was a bit greasy, but good and very filling. No line/wait when I went (10AM on a Thursday).Looking for breakfast in the CBD/Quarter?? This is THE PLACE!!! So happy I found this spot!
This is a no frills diner/restaurant with exceptional service and delicious food.  It's a small/quaint restaurant situated on the corner of a rather quiet block.  Older decor gives the feel of a 1960s restaurant.  The staff is welcoming and inviting from the second you open the door.  I saw many people come in and turn right around to walk out because all of the tables were taken or the decor wasn't what was expected... don't walk away... give it a try!!!
I had a simple breakfast with 2 eggs, grits and a biscuit.  Simple but oh so delicious and the price was super cheap!  The cheapest meal I had in the area but the most tasty food!
Unfortunately we came in right before breakfast ended so we missed the opportunity to try their omelets.  Get there before 1030 if you're looking for the full breakfast menu! They will still accommodate breakfast orders minus the omelets after 1030 but if you want the full experience come early!!! Oh and they're closed on weekends... so make time during your trip to stop by on a weekday!  Happy eating!This is the real deal, local diner thing. Food is fantastic. Don't come here if you can't do "hole in the wall". Expect it to be busy. If would be a go to spot if I lived there and will seek it out next time I'm back. Staff is fun, too. Don't miss it if you want to find some down home, great food.Hole in the wall type of place. They where tucked in with a barley visible sign. We walked past it not even seeing it we turned around a found our way in. We sat down and immediately greeted with a smile. I ordered the restaurant favorite it was an open face biscuit with Sausage crumbles covered with a jalapeño cheese sauce topped off with 2 over easy eggs It was so delicious. It had a great price to!We had a cheap diner breakfast here. The eggs were greasy, the soft biscuits came soaked in margarine, and the hashbrowns were not worth finishing. However, the waitress was friendly, service was quick, and the food wasn't all that bad considering we paid something like $4 per person.
Other folks around us were having more lunch-type meals, and I think that might be the way to go with this place.fast service and very friendly! delicious shrimp poboy. we just missed breakfast but will definitely be back to try it!Went this morning had the CBB. It was great. Great service, great food, great prices!!  Will make this a staple when visiting NolaI just moved here and don't have anything with me to cook with, so I was in desperate need to find a place where I can order food and not spend too much money. I read about this place from several review sites and thought I would give it a shot, especially since it is only 3 blocks from my apartment. 
I love that the place wasn't filled with tourists and it was relatively clean. The lady taking my order was amazing and patient enough to explain the menu since I don't know much about the food here. I got the Chicken Po-boy, Red bean over rice with hot sausage, Spaghetti with meatballs and got a side of corn and salad (they come with the rice and spaghetti), as well as 8 pieces of bread (also come with the entree), all for $22.50! The portion was a lot bigger than I expected so this will last for two days and it is delicious! I will definitely go back there again, until my stuff comes.My friends and I loved this place!!! It's got great food for affordable prices! Everyone who works there is so friendly and made us feel so at home. I got the cheesy spuds and they were incredible. Definitely would recommend this place to anyone.Unfortunately, this is a weekday daytime spot. They have wonderfully buttery biscuits in the mornings and the best Monday fried pork chop with red beans special. Affordable, delicious, and the manager/cashier recognizes all the regulars. I could really use their cooking on the weekends, though!Maioria's Commerce Restaurant is an old-fashioned hole-in-the-wall where you can get a great meal at a very good price. It is located in a nondescript corner building at Camp and Gravier. They reportedly have been in business here in the CBD since 1965.
You enter and are immediately greeted by the nice ladies on the serving line who tell you about their specials. I've had two wonderful daily plate lunches there, and I assure you that you won't leave hungry. You also won't leave feeling like you paid too much either, which is a really nice thing in downtown New Orleans.
In addition to hearty lunches, there is breakfast and brunch. If you look at the pictures here on Yelp you'll see that this is popular! There are also po-boys, and stuffed potatoes on the menu. For those with dietary concerns, they even have low carb and gluten free offerings. Everyone can find something to eat here!
This little place really has local charm and character. I saw local businessmen in their suits sitting at a table next to construction workers. The post-lady dropped in to pick up her take out order. Tourist wandered in and checked out the offerings. The view from the window tables was worthwhile as well. So, stop in and try this classic NOLA experience for yourself!Got the oyster po' boy dressed. The fried oysters were crunchy, the French bread chewy,  "dressed" just the right amount and I topped it with Crystal hot sauce to make it perfect.
I  waited all week to have a classic oyster po' boy in a small hole in the wall. The sign is faded, the building is oland my food was great.
I recommend it, but it's a little hard to find since it doesn't stand out. Fortunately,  it's right on the corner.Biscuits and eggs - yesss. I'm here for a conference and I hope they're okay with seeing me every single morning for breakfast. New Orleans they way the locals eat, not the fancy french quarter brunch. :)As an out-of-towner, I would be more than happy to come back here and eat again. Down to earth folks good people providing your food. I had a very positive experience. I really enjoyed the Shrimp Po Boy and the Twice Baked Potato.Got in just before they close and they graciously accepted me - unlike another cafe down the road. The staff is very pleasant and friendly. Despite the slightly dismal appearance, the attitude of the staff is very light hearted and jovial. I ordered their shrimp po boy which was fresh, crunchy and delicious!! I will be back for breakfast as this is right around the corner from my hotel! I think I've found my new breakfast spot!!Amazing breakfast! Start your morning off right eating here! Everyone is so friendly and sweet! Very personable staff. They make you feel right at home and serve a wonderful meal. Homemade biscuits are to die for.Based on a recommendation from a hotel doorman, we came to Commerce for lunch around 11:30AM; and hands down this was the best New Orleans local experience we had while in New Orleans.  This place is tailored for the locals working in the area as you'll not see many tourists wander in here.  
If you do? They were like us; were fish out of water as we had to be coached by another local in the line as to how to order.  There's a method to ordering as you queue up to front of the line; and might hear one of the ladies say "order" or such.  Well, you better listen up and speak up or go home as that's your cue to speak up..   
I found the food here to be fantastic home cooking style as we had a couple of oyster po-boys, a side of orca that was the best I've ever had in my life, sweet tea and some potato salad.   They also had some fried chicken and pork chops that looked so inviting.   I also found that all the orders come with a side salad or some bread; but you have to know or you'll be left out. 
I loved this place and it was tempting to come here for lunch everyday; but we ended up trying other places.we found this place accidentally one morning when wandering around, hungry - OH MY GOD.  not fancy, but what great service, and what great food :).  this is our regular breakfast place when we're in NOLA now - I even try to book my hotels so that they are in some sort of proximity to majoria's, so I can get my Cajun eggs benedict fix!small old/clasic lunch counter style place, very welcoming, good food, ridiculous portions, good service. red beans and rice, fish/shrimp, loaded potatoes, all good and fairly priced and came out fast.Excellent food, excellent value, supeb staff. Extremely welcoming people. Seems like the place where locals go and the staff knows your name.We stopped here for lunch. Place was packed. There was a long line, but it gave us time to look at the menu. We both ordered the shrimp po boy, fully dressed. It was one of the better po boys I've had. The thing I loved the most about this place is how awesome and friendly everyone was. We were traveling with our 1 year old. They made her a Turkey sandwich and even cut the crust off! They treated us like family. Good food and friendly staff!Amazing for breakfast. Great prices. Large portions. Friendly staff. I ordered the veggie omelet with grits and a biscuit. Very good! I never go to the same place twice when traveling, but loved it so much I came back the next day and ordered the same thing. If you are close by GO!!Greasy spoon hole in the wall breakfast. Don't let the look of the place scare you away. Awesome breakfast!!! And the staff was very friendly. Happy we tied this place out. Very tasty.We found a goldmine when we found Commerce Restaurant for breakfast. It's a little place.... no decor to speak of but a place you can be comfortable, eat good food and be treated respectfully.....and have fun with the staff!! They certainly care and want to please YOU. The staff made it such an enjoyable experience that you want to go back for more! We did!! The food is deliciously down home and really made you feel so good and ready to tackle the day when you left. They make you feel good when they say "we were looking for you this morning!" The prices are reasonable. The only drawback is they are not open on Saturday and Sunday. But that's okay. The staff deserves time off. Thank you Commerce Restaurant for the great food and making us feel so good. We WILL be back!We stopped in for lunch here. GREAT! Great service! Great food! Great atmosphere! The red beans and rice was my favorite part. And all at a very reasonable price. 
I liked the poboys, we tried the fish and the shrimp ones, but I wish the bread was softer. The fish was fresh and hot. The shrimp had time to cool and probably would have been better if it was hot, but did not lack in flavor! 
The man running the cash register I think may have been the owner, was just as nice as can be!I came to New Orleans for a week-long conference. After trying this place one time, I came back every day for the red beans and rice, and the friendliness and warmth of the staff. Really felt like home. Thank you!Cajun Eggs Benedict was packed with flavor.  Good prices.  Friendly staff who made you feel at home.Before Katrina, the prices were half they are now. But the food quality has never changed. If you want a great breakfast at a decent-ish price, this is a wonderful choice.
I know rents in the CBD is high and prices reflect that, so I can't be mad at them for the higher prices.
I can compliment them for keeping the quality up. My breakfast was exactly like it was 12 years ago when I last ate there. Keep it up.Just had a great breakfast experience ‍if you are ever in the neighborhood you need to stop and have something to eat. I can make up a whole story but just go and visit them you'll see what I mean.Great service, food, and price! Perfect way to start my New Orleans trip! Grits, biscuit, and hot sausage were fantastic!Friendly staffs, hot n delicious food!
I didn't use Google map to reach here but my nose! Met many of local people here, love this small but lovely restaurant!The food and service were excellent. Their home fries were amazing! My husband and I ate breakfast there and all we have to say is the CBB is a delicious monstrosity. We will be coming back to try lunch next time!Great service.  Very ole school.  Almost a hole in the wall.... Great biscuits. Just plain ole simple breakfast with the regulars... Cash only business!!!Great food and amazing staff! Super friendly and will make you laugh the whole time. The food is definitely something not to miss if you're in town.A great little nugget of New Orleans in the heart of the CBD.  There's no real name outside, though, just a half busted RC Cola sign.
It's a busy lunch spot with a lively staff behind the counter - that will probably call you "baby" about 10 times collectively from ordering to walking out the door.  It's dinerish, but no diner style seating, just crammed with small tables.
The food is cheap and a bit greasy - lots of fried and sopping Po'boys on the menu.  The old fashioned baked potato is loaded with good things.  
Getting some food for take-out, I was given a separate cup of ice in a bag to go with the bottle of Coke I purchased - a nice touch.  
You'll feel loved.Majoria's Commerce restaurant is awesome. It's full of good food and friendly service. I came here for breakfast with my boyfriend one morning. We were headed to the WWII museum that afternoon and we wanted some food to fuel us up before we started our day. We're so glad we came! Service is impeccable and the staff is fun. I can't remember exactly what I got, but I remember it tasted delicious.