First time in NOLA, and all I have to say is this place from the outside does NOT do its food justice.(clutches my pearls) but bay beeee, the shrimp n grits were to die for!!! Since this is my FRIST time in New Orleans I wanted to tatse a lil bit of everything, and I did jus that, ordered the seafood sample as well, it had grilled shrimp, jalapeño hush puppies, fried oysters, crab cake, grilled fish slaw and this ahmazing tarter sauce!!! LOVED EVERYTHING IN THE PLATE. I also ordered " The Taste of New Orleans" which had a cup of  crawfish Étouffée, a cup of red beans and rice with Andouille sausage, and a cup of Gumbo!!!! Yes YES AND oh my god YES!!!!!!!!!! I knew the food would be good dwn here but I wasn't expecting all that flavor and spices.Pretty good. Much more expensive than other restaurants in the area, no drink specials or lunch specials but incredible service. Huge portions, divide and conquer. Try the Mambo's oysters! They're one of a kind!Good food, generous portions. The Crawfish Poutine "appetizer" is delicious and enough for two!Best shrimp and grits i've ever had. will definitely recommend and will return. staff was fantastic.This is a hidden gem. We wanted to stop someplace and have cocktails on a rooftop patio. We found this place on yelp. It's very unassuming. When you go to the restaurant there's a bouncer who radios in when you tell them you want to go to the rooftop bar. You walk through a very small restaurant that's unassuming. You head back to the elevator and another person radios upstairs that you'll be coming up. You enter a modern elevator to the top floor which is another bar and rooftop dining area .
Up on the roof there are tables and a lounge area. The view is pretty awesome. We had some cocktails and enjoyed the sunshine which was a treat given the previous day had been cold and rainy.
Service was great. I would definitely go back here on my next trip to NOLA.Really great local flavor grub. Good local beer and a fantastic staff. Juan knows how to steer the ship when asked for recommendationsWow this place was amazing! First time in New Orleans and was looking for a good seafood meal and Mambo's did not disappoint.
We have never tried alligator so we started off with ordering this and it was delicious!
Waitress, who was wonderful recommended the Blackened Red Fish with Jalepeno hush puppies and that too was outstanding!
The service was great, food even better, we strongly suggest you try this restaurant!!Excellent sea food! Our server (Huey) was great. We had a taste of everything (large party) . Very accommodating, fast service. Totally worth the price, couldn't eat it all.The food came out pretty fast and the service was amazing. We asked out waitress for foods we should try around New Orleans and she ended up writing a whole list for us to try! She was really helpful and understanding.Server Sarah was good. The food is overpriced, but better than you might expect on Bourbon Street. The air conditioning is very welcome. Beers are fairly reasonable. A welcome respite from the madness outside.Great food-crab cake pasta to die for. Jambalaya gumbo great as well, good attentive service.. will come again.OMG best food of our trip in New Orleans! 
I had the Blackened Shrimp Alfredo that our server Christina recommended and it was sooo bomb! 
I would also say that it's worth it to get the New Orleans bread pudding with ice cream! If you can get Christina as your server you'll be the luckiest person ever, she was amazing and super sweet!So first of all, check in when you get there. You'll get freebies for your first check in.
Drinks are decent, food is also decent. Get a window seat if available, since you can people watch while eating. Expect drunk people to ask you about the food, so if you aren't into occasional (good-natured) interruptions, grab a rooftop seat or sit somewhere out of the way.
We stopped here for snacks prior to getting our drink on. Get the seafood platter, it will feed 2-3 people EASILY, and is pretty inexpensive.
We stopped in on a Wednesday so there was no wait, and the staff was friendly (though pretty new). I'm sure you'll get good service on a busier night too.Stopped in for a sandwich, got a lot more! Friendly staff helped me figure out my touristy afternoon and the food was delicious. Alligator bites appetizer (blackened is good, plain ol' fried is better) and a tender and flavorful buffalo oyster po'boy made my dayGreat food and great service. Even with the COVID crap going on. Lovell recommended an incredible dish. Wish I'd taken a picture. Highly recommend.Very nice place with wonderful people. We had our dog with us so they took us to the courtyard so we could have dinner. Our server was amazing and made some good recommendations. The food was good nothing out of this world but great taste and everything was hot when it got to the table.  Overall excellent service and great food!The seafood a service were great ! My favorite part of the meal were the oysters ! My only comment was the wait for the food but that is not atypical for a restaurant on bourbon streetI stopped by this restaurant and wanted something to eat. I ordered the gator bites, half fried and grilled. They were great! The restaurant was very clean and the men's bathroom was spotless.
I will return to try more food on my next trip, but so far, so good.If you're looking for authentic New Orleans food then this is the place to go. The food was beyond compare to any of the other restaurants my wife and I have been to since being here. Try the Alligator Kickers w/ Remoulade sauce. So good! The Oyster Rockefeller was delicious, along with everything else there. Come to Mambo's. You'll certainly love it!Food service excellent. Being able to eat on Bourbon Street a plus. I was impressed by the quality of the dinners we had. I had planned to go to one of NOLA old legendary restaurants for dinner that evening. They had a host on the street who was telling us about Mambos and he convinced us to try the food. We were. To disappointed. They serve all 3 meal periods but we were very pleased and will return on our upcoming visit.Best food in the entire city!
Roof top is very nice, inside is nice, great place. Food was amazing.In a sea of restaurants located on Bourbon street ,Thos place was recommended by a local resident and this place was awesome ! Great food and drinks   and they have a great balcony too ! Be sure if you go
Here to ask for Hosi ,She was our server and was on her game ! Fast and friendly and if her boss is reading this ,she defiantly  needs a raise :) Good waitresses are hard to come by and you certainly don't want to
Loose this one ! Thanks guys and we will be backMambo's got the spot after walking and partying through crowded Bourbon street. I enjoyed the crawfish pasta which was blackened crawfish tails in a creamy Alfredo penne pasta. We also tried their chargrilled oysters. Their mambo oysters were chargrilled with a creamy type sauce. They were good and I recommend you try them. The service here was excellent as well.The food was great and Juan at the 2nd floor bar was super cool. We were originally waiting for a seat to open up outside on the patio but ended up staying at the bar chatting with Juan instead. He made great menu recommendations and chatted with us about cool things to see/do as it was our first night on NOLA. If you stop in go visit Juan.First and foremost. The garlic bread is phenomenal! We were able to get a table the night after LSU #Alumni won the National Championship in Nee Orleans #GeauxTigers. The crawfish nachos were the best nacho appetizer I've ever had before. Creamy, not too rich and seasoned properly. The Cajun twist on the pasta was good. Unbeknownst to me the shrimp and grits entrée took the lead against my pasta. Wonderful place to eat! Our waitress Patricia was honest and forthright. Great Job!!!We stopped in for a late lunch/early dinner. Got a table quickly and ordered right away. Had the spinach dip (average, they all taste the same). Wife had the bbq shrimp and grits m, and I had the alligator Po' boy (undressed). Wife loved hers and I really enjoyed the alligator, weird, since I don't usually like seafood. Waitress was in training, but was on point.Don't let the location fool you - the second floor of this place is very nice - a quiet break from the Bourbon street hustle.  We had the Jambalaya pasta and it was AMAZING!  Nice lemon drop as well made with Citron vodka - just the right balance.  A far cry from the well drinks in the bars.Good service, decent food on bourbon street. I had the red fish and po boy both of which you can find better options nearby. But if you are looking for a decent place with good AC on bourbon street go for it.Great place! We came here earlier this week for lunch an has a Great time so we decided to come back for dinner!
So delicious and the service is great. Leo was our waiter and he was very attentive and polite.Horrible horrible experience and I didn't even started eaten as yet. I ordered a sprite and started to drink only to find two grains of rice in my drink.Best food we have had in NOLA during our week long trip here. I made it my personal mission to try the chargrilled oysters at every place we went to- these were by far the best. Best fresh oysters as well. Crawfish Etouffee was excellent, seafood fry platter was awesome too. Planning to go back one more time before we go home.Got into town on a Friday and left on a Monday. I spent Friday, Saturday, and Sunday at this place in some capacity lol. The food is great. Red beans and rice, gator bites, oysters, and the drinks. You can't go wrong anywhere. Everyone who worked there was nice and enjoyable. They have a sit down outside rooftop area where my boy Glenn was throwing it down. You have to stop at this place and enjoy everything it has to offer. Wish we had one in DC.Was here for my sisters' birthday and we decided this was the spot because of all the fabulous reviews. We were not disappointed! No better way to begin a trip than eating at great restaurant with stellar service and food. Maddie was so amazing, helpful, and friendly! Brooke was shadowing as well and when we came back a few nights later, she remembered us and made sure to say hi again.
Everything from the service to the fresh oysters, crawfish etouffee, to the Cajun Jambalaya Pasta...MOUTH WATERING. Wow! Crawfish etouffee was what I ate the first time. But on our second visit, I made sure to order the jambalaya pasta. And note, rooftop seats are first-come, first-serve. With COVID-19, all tables weren't being utilized to comply with CDC guidelines and enforce social distancing. The rooftop was great. I hope your experience will be as great as mine. :)It's so cold in here, and they will not accomodate. Food was marginal for New Orleans style fare. Way to expensive for fried everthing. I am being generous with 3 stars because Our waitress was a delight. 
Skip this! Go to a food truck.Amazing food, drinks, and service! A must when in New Orleans! I had the Gumbo, blackened red snapper with turnup greens, and pecan pie. Delicious!Awesome roof top seating. Everyone was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. Food was wonderful with nice size portions. Obviously a somewhat new restaurant because everything was clean and shinyMe and my group were walking by and didnt want to go anywhere crowded. Best choice we made. This has been the best food we ate since we have been here. I would recommend the mambo oysters.Great food and great drinks! Ask for Glenn!!! He's going to recommend the best and breakdown the menu. Glenn is the BEST !First time in New Orleans and this was the first place that popped up as we were leaving our hotel to walk bourbon street and I gotta say it was a good choice food wise.... cocktails.... maybe lay-off the premix shet and do it correct with a mixologist that does uniquely!!A personable guy at the door practically lured my friends in with the promise of alligator nachos (the day's special). I heard they were great. In fact, everything was great - gumbo, oysters - all of it. Our server Christina was friendly, funny, and knowledgeable!Excellent food! Do not leave without trying the bread pudding, it is absolute money!!! Adrian J. was our server and did an outstanding job!!Came here on a cold night and it was too cold in here for my liking-but I do see that absolutely no one cares about this but me :/ Anyway we came for a kind of late dinner on a Thursday and were seated immediately. The server (Huey? Joey?) was amazing and none of his recommendations were wrong. I had the carnival pasta and had the shrimp and crawfish blackened. Sooo good. The sauce was in abundance, the pasta al dente, and it wasn't super salty. The lil garlic bread on the side looked like nothing to pay attention to but do not sleep on that bread. If I'm ever back, I'll definitely make another stop here.Highly enjoyed our meal.  The shrimp and grits was great and very flavorful.  The shrimp were large and the bread..excellent. blackened redfish lafourche was awesome and highly recommend to order.  Last was the pecan brownie...  Mind blown!   Excellent and very nice dessert.I ordered the bbq shrimp appetize and ceaser salad, perfect for one person...whitney was AMAZING, she split our order without asking who ordered who. Tommy brought us is, so beginning to end it was perfect. Honestly great service all the way around and food. OH! Order the strawberry blended margarita.For this being a restaurant on Bourbon, I was pleasantly surprised! The food was so good, and Christina was the best! She was so helpful with everything, so definitely ask for her when you go!The food is delicious! Dining on the upstairs balcony was great! I definitely recommend this place!Felicia deserves the 5 stars. She is kind, friendly, and gave great recommendations. The food was good, but not 5 star worthy.This spot is right on bourbon street and a block from our hotel which was a win. I stumbled upon Mambo's thanks to yelp and I'm so glad I chose to eat here! 
The service during covid has been quite nice, no long waits, nice and clean. 
The food is all so AMAZING! From the gumbo to the crab cakes. The oysters were fresh, the food hot and succulent! Definitely going back on our next trip to NOLA.It's definitely a hole in the wall & for being on Bourbon Street the pours are stingy.  HOWEVER, the crayfish etouffe was very good! My husband and I shared a portion. Views are great from the rooftop. Worth a drink & a share!Mambos was an awesome experience.  We were on the 3rd level dining.  Our waitress was Patrica and she was an amazing waitress.  She was very friendly, funny and a genuine person.  The food and drinks that were suggested was true Cajun southern hospitality.  Definitely return to mambos.Food was pretty good. The oysters had way to many shell pieces when you ate them grilled. The Taste of New Orleans was lacking in flavor and the Red beans and rice was barely warm. Could have been better for the price.Food was fabulous! We had blackened alligator, mambos oysters, and the vegetarian pasta (added blackened chicken). If you check in on yelp you get a free dessert. Bread pudding was just ok. The service was a little slow, but I'd still go back again.I don't recommend delivery. The portions of my $24 Cajun Jambalaya Pasta isn't very fulfilling. It's very tasty, just wished it was a full portion. The kids loved their fried shrimps and alligator po boy sandwiches.Great experience at Mambo! The food was great. We had the seafood platter and the ribeye steak. The red beans and rice were delicious! Get the crab cakes!! The service was AMAZING! Our server Daijnae was WONDERFUL. She was so friendly and attentive!Food was ok. Pretty expensive for what you get. Rice and beans for $19.99 is a lot to me but it is on Bourbon St so they are gauging the tourist. Service was decent. The bread pudding was very goodLiterally one of the best roof top experiences I've had and this is coming from nyc and houston living. Amazing service and the view is phenomenal. Had a blast here. Glenn is the man I promise you thatDecided to stop here since we are visiting from Long Beach, CA. Service was amazing thanks to Ponce and our hostess Robriyion! We ordered the alligator and crawfish nachos and Rockefeller oysters ! We were told these were a must, but the whole menu is great! Would highly recommend, such a friendly atmosphere! Finishing up our visit with a Passion Punch!Patricia is the BEST!! I'm from Maryland and she was very helpful with places to see. Loved her personality and service was on point. She went in depth when explaining the menu and specials. 10/10 recommend her and make sure you request here!Excellent customer service! Our server Ashley was so sweet and made us feel right at home! 
Helping staff was very attentive and also very sweet. Food was FIREEEE and authentic. 10/10 would do it again!!This was my favorite place to eat in New Orleans. I loved the decor. We had alligator for an app. Surprising to me, I loved it. The staff was very friendly. I had the bbq shrimp and grits. I think they may have been one of the best things I've ever eaten! My husband had the oysters, which he loved. We topped it off with pecan pie, a free dessert from Yelp! Thank you! I can't wait to return!The staff is top notch!  The atmosphere is wonderful. The food is good. The management is doing a great job!"Alligator po-boy was slammi".
"Shrimp Alfredo "best i ever had".
"Whitney great server".
"Mardi Gras Mambo "Was the best".
"Gumbo is absolutely amazing".
-Group of 4.This food was excellent!! As a tourist, I was looking for New Orleans style seafood and this place was superb. Leah and Quincy were EXCELLENT!!! The food was amazing and the service was even better. Best restaurant in New Orleans.The Oysters here are quite nice.  We liked the way it was prepared. NoLa special.  We are not a big fan of Oysters, but it was recommended by the waitress.  Definitely recommend this Item even if you don't eat oysters regularly.  We also ate blanketed fish with greens.  The fish went well together with thee sauce and the greens.Great service and staff! Came here on a Friday night with no wait after walk down Bourbon Street and picking a random restaurant. I had the red beans & rice and Fried chicken...delicious!Had the carnival pasta. Simply delicious and was delivered hot and fast. I would eat hereExcellent-food, prices, customer service, ambience and music is the best!!! Clean, extremely clean restrooms, drinks are great! You won't regret coming in here!Definitely hit this place up it is amazing. They have a rooftop where you can eat and look down on Bourbon Street. When we went the Sun was shining it was so nice the drinks were great and the music was lit. 
You definitely have to come here hungry though. We split our french fry appetizer and we're almost completely full before our food came. The Mama's style oysters are  and this is from somebody who loves classic charbroiled oysters but I would eat these over and over. The seafood platter has enough food for three people it was amazing it was delicious the tartar sauce was great I cannot say enough good things about the food from this place. I can't wait to go back.Makay was amazing.  She makes the best drinks and her personality is like no other.  Yall come see Makay at Mambo's for good food and phenomenal drinks.  I had the deep blue horizon and my friend had the frozen melon margarita.  Definitely worth the trip.  I will be back again.Hidden jewel on Bourbon Street. Great food, great Service, and clean establishment. Redfish LaFourche is incredible. Amethyst is the server to have. She is outstanding!These Mambos World Famous charbroiled oysters have ruined my life, I have never had such tasty charbroiled oysters. I will definitely miss these when we leave. A must stop if you are ever in New Orleans.We were looking for some late night good food in our trip to NOLA. We were looking for good food and based on the reviews and pictures we thought this was the best option. Boy were we wrong. Bad service, cold food, dirty looks, and frustrated staff. All we wanted was warm food and good service and we didn't even get that. Serves us right for thinking we could get food food straight from bourbon street.This was exactly what I was looking for in New Orleans. Casual and delicious! We loved all the items we tried. Crab cakes, jambalaya, grilled oysters, and chocolate mousse (complimentary with check-in) was excellent! Thank you for a great experience!!!First off, our sever Brian is amazinggg. 10/10 recommend him. He helped us pick our food, and gave amazing tips! We started off with the mambo's oysters, delicious. Hot and fresh. Then we split the blackened alligator Po Boy and Cajun jambalaya pasta, both were heavenly!!! This is a must go too placeWe got in line at 430pm on a Saturday afternoon. The hostess seated us as quickly as possible, and our server, Joshua, was prompt and efficient. Germide was very friendly as well while he cleared our table and brought us our to-go boxes. We will definitely be back!Was cool.  Food was alright... not bad.  Laura was awesome at the bar upstairs.  Not bad for typical bourbon street place.We stopped in for dinner just days after they opened.  Service was great, food was amazing, and vibe was fab.  They did a beautiful job in renovating the space.  Very generous portions.  The rooftop bar is a great oasis to people watch on Bourbon.  We will definitely be back!Great food.  Our server Briana was great. 
The fried fish platter was a large portion. The chicken po'boy left much to be desired. The chicken portion was tiny with a small slice of tomato and a few shreds of lettuce there was literally one single slice of onion on the sandwich. The fries were good, but just regular. I got the days drink special which had sangria and margarita mix. It was tasty and strong, no complaints there.Great food! Great service! Bree was a wonderful waitress. And the bread pudding was to die for!We had a wonderful time last night, food was great, atmosphere really nice and the service by Christina was exceptional.Food was absolutely amazing. The oysters are so delicious and cooked in a Cajun southern sauce- to die for! Ask for Ponce- very hospitable and a wonderful server!If I could give them 100 stars, I would. Good food and the staff here are SO friendly. We came here multiple times during our short trip and enjoyed the company of both Chris's, Stephen, Juan, Alex, Glenn and everyone else! Thanks so much for the wonderful experience!BBQ shrimp was a bit too oily. Blackened fish po boy was amazing. Well cooked and flavorful. Oysters Rockefeller was superb. Great flavor.  Service was solid but forgotten a few times.  Surprisingly clean restaurant and great good for being on a major tourist street.Idk why my original review isn't a five hahah that's clearly what I meant to leave lolCame here because we heard there was a rooftop bar. We had to take an elevator upstairs to the rooftop. It was an awesome view. There was couches and seating on the deck. We ordered spinach dip and alligator kickers. The spinach dip was basic wouldn't order it again, but the alligator kickers were pretty good. It was a very chill environment.I love pasta !! And Alfredo is my favorite. If you're like me. Chicken Alfredo is where it's at ! The penne pasta is what makes the dish! It's absolutely delicious. Bryant the bartender was great. Such a fun atmosphere. Right in bourbon so when you're starving walking down bourbon after a long night or for lunch or just because , come to Mambos. Highly recommended. ***plus , ROOFTOP BAR !This was the first resturant we went to. The service was really good, and the food taste fresh. The weather was nice which made the rooftop experience really good as well. The fried shrimp was the bomb! The oysters rockefeller was very good too. Also has a good view of Bourbon Street. Oh yeah try the Hurricane Remy!The wait in line wasn't too bad, but didn't like the fact that the young man at the door was letting others go in ahead of us. We were a part of two, and he was letting larger parties go ahead of us. Our waitress, Darrionne on the other hand, was awesome! I was unsure about the sauce on the menu,so she asked the chef to make a small sample for me to taste. Great service! The food was good, but my grits were just a little greasy and bland. Overall it was a nice dining experience minus the loudness, but hey we were on Bourbon Street, so that's to be expected I guess.Great food-crab cake pasta to die for. Jambalaya gumbo great as well, good attentive service.. will come again.We loved the atmosphere and the food was great! Service was slow, but no big complaints here!FANTASTIC food and service! Christina was a wonderful waitress and, because we are so indecisive, gave us great recommendations on the menu! Would definitely come back!Great taste and good service.  Huey, our server was very friendly and accommodating. My husband loved the Taste of New Orleans. My Shrimp and grits were good just a little too soupy for my taste but had great flavor. My favorite was the crab cake.SCAM!!!! Worst experience I've ever had. Being a local you know what fresh shucked oysters look like. Ordered 3 dozen raw and watched the oyster "shucker" place oysters on empty shells from the cooler not realizing he placed two oysters on some shells. When I asked the shucker if they were fresh and where did he get them he said he don't know to ask the bartender. Bartender said they get them from down the street and when I said are the oysters from the container and being placed on empty shells he said yes probably so. $18 for a dozen of raw oysters that come from a container that probably cost them $10 smh. Disgusting!!! Also had the bbq shrimp which taste like rubber bc clearly it was frozen shrimp. Place is a jokeGiving this establishment a 2 for two failed attempts of bringing fresh crackers to the table (with 2 dozen oysters) and acting like this was the norm. Aggravating to say the least. Won't be back.  Way too many other "fresh" options. I'm out.Great rooftop view, service, Creole/Cajun dishes and very clean and neat establishment! Will be back. Daisy is the bomb!This was my 1st visit. The service was quick, friendly personal. Unfortunately the food was not good. I ordered a buffalo chicken po boy. I asked for a substitute of blue cheese sauce than ranch on the side. I received chicken strips on a hoagie roll and nothing else. I bought this to the attention of the hostess & she had then bring the fixings. So I had an a la carte po boy! 
I still gave the benefit of the doubt and fixed my sandwich. When I bit into the chicken it was hard & bread cold. I made my server aware I wasn't pleased. She notified the manger & the suggestion offered to me was: "My manager would like to offer a free desert or we can give you a discount off your meal." Discount is what I chose, as I was still hungry & didn't want sweets. Once I received my bill, I had a 10% discount! LOL. My server rung my order up as BUFFALO SAUCE on the side, no sauce on the chicken which was incorrect. Overall it would have been better if the Manager would have came to the table to address my concerns.Food was decent and kind service but my waitress may have been drunk and a bit all over the place and forgot us a few times.For our first night in New Orleans this was a great first stop. Ky was an amazing server. We loved her honesty and helpful suggestions. Definitely suggest Mambos for everyone visiting.We have had dinner here two nights in a row. Great Food Even Better Service!!!  Give it a shot new restaurant you will love it!!!Found this place on yelp . This is my 2nd day here and the best place I've eaten at so far. I had the shrimp and grits, spinach dip, and gumbo and they all were delicious. I hope to return here before I go back homeBest meal after spending a few days in NOLA. Ordered the blackened fish po-boy,. Bread was perfect, sauce good, loved it. Fries were amazing as well. Wadlldasia took good care of us!Food was great. Staff was awesome. Me and my friends enjoyed our meals. The greens were the best part very flavorful.First stop in NOLA & Ponce made it amazing! he was the sweetest, best waiter ever! gave great recommendations and was very attentive. told us an amazing story about his 50 year history working on Bourbon. 10/10 would give him 100 stars if we could! Love your new york gals!!Once we arrived we were given a choice to sit inside, or go to the rooftop. Upon my arrival at the rooftops witnessed great views above the scene but away from the scene. Good vibes.  Food good with decent 'menu options and prices. Moral of the story.... Chill bossed up spot good vibes ! OWe went during happy hour, $1 oysters and half off draft beers! We had IPA's and ate a toooon of oysters sooo good. Definitely give this place a try. We went back a few more times after that. Yum!Stopped in for a quick appetizer. First time to Louisiana. Fresh oysters were good here. Our waitress was great! Thank you Rasheeda for a fun and helpful experience. I would go back for her entree suggestions. She's a keeper.The mambo oysters and crab cakes were delicious. The Taste of New Orleans was really, really good. The shrimp fettuccine was alright. The kids shrimp platter was unfortunately very bland. Overall though, it was a good first meal in NOLA. I'd be happy to come back!I had already eaten at 13 places in two days at this point, but "one last stroll down Bourbon Street before I head back to the hotel" turned into a Butterscotch Old Fashioned down at Molly's and a pile of luke warm paradise coated with melted cheese and crawfish tails. 
I'm usually a recluse when it comes to Bourbon Street eateries, but after a long day of chasing down taco trucks and donuts, a heaping mess of Crawfish Poutine caught my eye on the menu at Mambo's. I had just stumbled into Molly's Pub down the street 'cuz the daily special board on the sidewalk uttered the chalked writings of "Old Fashioned". A Butterscotch one at that. I'm from Kentucky ... 'nuff said. I was intrigued. It was wonderful. Light and sweet. Finished off with a cherry. 
A line had started forming early for a Tuesday, and I was already full and just started to sip my OF so I dialed in an order and grabbed it to go. Twas freaking scrumptious. Ridiculously freaking scrumptious. And the ranch ... for dipping ... heavenly. EnjoyGood spot on Bourbon Street for a drink! We enjoyed the rooftop area! Staff was very friendly and drinks were stronger than expected! We went on a Friday afternoon and things were lively but not crowded!My friends and I visited this location during Essence Fest. I had Jambalaya--and it was so delicious. My friends had the chicken wings and a seafood type dish. 
The service was great, food was very lovely-and just great entertainment on Bourbon Street.We had the alligator bites as an app and seafood platter for dinner...very delicious, not greasy...staff was very courteous and knowledgeable...very clean....staff wore masks and gloves...give them a try, you won't regret it!!I ordered Tradition of New Orleans which was a trio of red beans and rice, crawfish etoufee, and gumbo. 
It was packed nicely for a to go order. And OMG- deliciousness!!!! I honestly can't say which I preferred-they were each so good I contemplated ordering it again to take home on the plane to my spouse.This place is very good & it most definitely would have gotten 5 stars but I had just one problem. As my sister & I came in a gentleman greeted us a little past the door & offered to open the door for us, he was super kind had great vibes! We talked with him as we came in & checked in with the hostess, she then sat us instantly. Our server Chris came over to get us started & told us their specials & I ended up order their drink special "Twisted Temptation" and boy was that thing good! We proceeded to order our dinner, my sister got the Crab Cake Pasta & I got the Louisiana Crab Cakes and Hushpuppies. It was all so so good! But my problem happened a little bit after we received our food... as I was drinking my Twisted Temptation I discovered a fly was floating in the middle of my drink. When Chris came over I told him what was going on & he was nice about it & asked if I wanted another one but I had to kindly decline, as I had just lost all my appetite. Then I suppose it was the manager who came over to the table next & he was also very kind & understanding about it & they took it off my tab. But that was the only thing that knocked off a star! Otherwise Highly recommended! Love the vibe, staff is very nice & the place was clean & mask were being worn!!Great food the gator nachos and oysters were phenomenal! Also Ponce was an amazing and kind server!Christina was so nice!!! She saved me when I needed it the most and she's so nice!!! The food and service is also so great! Would come back!Server - Whitney
Service - Excellent
Price - $$
Sunday, January 5th, 2020 2pm
Took a stroll down Bourbon street and decided to stop in Mambos.  
Ate on the Rooftop bar which was nice and was not crowded, but a bit chilly due to being Winter.
We ordered the Fried Shrimp Platter and The Blackened Redfish.  The food was excellent and they are not stingy with the portions at all.  
This is definitely a place to return to.The best service we've had in town. Daren was excessively fun. The other server next to us put up with the worst group of Karens I've ever seen and he did it with a smile. 
I can't express how much I hate the table of 6 next to me. They're disgusting flyover state idiots with no respect for anyone. I can't imagine being such unhappy people.Steven is Your Go-to guy! Go visit mambos in NOLA. Great food and even better Service.This was my favorite PO-Boy in all of New Orleans! I ordered the blackened aligator PO-Boy and it was one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten! I hope to be back before we leave. The fries were good and the bread pudding was to die for!Walked in and was seated right away..ordered the drink special for the day, seafood platter with a side of mustard greens...was delicious...restaurant was very clean..staff had masks and gloves on...give them a try!Fantastic time. Greta view from the rooftop bar. Every staff member made eye contact, thanked us for coming, and asked if we needed anything. One of the cleanest places on bourbon and nicely painted/decorated on the inside. Drinks were made fast and strong. Certainly my new favorite bar and hang out on bourbon. Haven't tried the food, but if it is as good as everything else there, I'm sure it'll be fantastic.Good spot to enjoy drinks upstairs! Can't rate the downstairs, looks classy but didn't spend much time downstairs so can't rate. 
Laura, awesome and b-e-a-utiful bartender!!! Mardi Gras mambo special is where it's at!! Will be back soon!!!We stopped at Mambo's for a later dinner despite the line didn't have to wait long to get seated. The staff was friendly, attentive, & Covid rules were being followed. My favorite was the Mambo's oysters, they were just delicious! We also tried the Taste of New Orleans which included gumbo, red beans and rice, & crawfish etouffee. The gumbo & red beans and rice were tasty, but found the etouffee to be okay. Overall an enjoyable dining experience & would recommend.We're in New Orleans for the week & had a hard time finding a place to eat late on a Monday, as all my usual favorites were closed. 
After a quick search, we found Mambo's. What a great place! Lively & warm. Very clean. Tori & Tamesha were our waitresses & were knowledgeable and friendly, making great recommendations. 
I had a taste of New Orleans which had gumbo, crawfish etoufee, and red beans and rice with andouille. My daughter had Carnival pasta which was shrimp & crawfish in a spicy Alfredo sauce. We had the special cocktail, the main squeeze, which was delicious. Everything was tasty, and quite filling. Lots on the plate, couldn't finish every bite. 
In all the times I've been to NOLA, I've not been, but I know I'll be back & would definitely suggest Mambo's to anyone coming to town & wanting good quality food served later.Beyond happy with our experience at this restaurant. My boyfriend ordered the rib eye and it was so juicy and tender. I ordered the shrimp and grits, which was super filling and delicious. The best part of this experience was our waiter, Ponce, who went above and beyond to make sure we were well taken care of. Highly recommend this place!Food and service was excellent.  Our server was Christina and she was able to change my partner's catfish from fried to blackened.  Food was hot fresh and flavorful. 3rd story dining deck is something to see.  Only complaint is it was a chilly night and they ran out of gas for the heaters.Doorman Wellington was legit, great guy. Kind, courteous, and great recommendations for a family holiday on bourbon street  would come again just for this guy.Jessica, Tommy, and Jaun are amazing. Tommy drew us in as we working by and we had a great experience, wonderful conversation, and a lot of fun here. Ended up coming back the next day. Will definitely return when we come back. The food is amazing.Was across the street... a man brought us over.... oysters on half shell- delish. Oysters mambo...... AMAZING
!!!! Don't miss this bourbon street treasure!!!!!!I loved the oysters and the red fish was good as well. The drink I ordered was cool, something with Hennessy in it.Isiah helped seat us and he was so nice, even suggested the gator nachos which were wonderful!!! Loved it here!Food was fantastic! I got the chicken Alfredo and my boyfriend got tonight's special which was gator/shrimp nachos. Brydrika was our waitress and treated us with none other than that wonderful southern hospitality. Will come back next time we're in town. Make sure you check in to get a free dessert!Not only was the food spectacular, but our service from HUEY was every bit of amazing. He is such a light, serves well, and is just so personable. People like Huey make places like Mambo's. He adds so much value to the space and the food was a cherry on topI'm still in awe from the delicious oyster rockerfellers!
We waited in line on a Saturday night for 45 minutes. You're outside where all of the live music and festive tourists are passing by. It makes great for people watching! But best with a drink! I don't recommend going next door to grab a drink at the bar. They took the whole 45 minutes to get to me and I was the 4th in line ‍
We were first offered to be seated somewhere in the back and they said, "yes, it's really nice in the back!". No, it's not nice in the back. It was a bit chilly that night, the music faded, and they had metal chairs. I had to pass or my butt would freeze! We begged to be sat inside instead and the guy wasn't too happy about that. 
Our server, Shane, was great! He was attentive, suggested great food, and friendly. 
My husband's po boy came out looking great and meaty but, it was missing the rest of the sandwich contents. They brought what was missing to the table when we had asked for the missing lettuce, tom, etc. The gumbo I ordered wasn't anything special but, when in Nola!... however, me oh my! The oyster rockerfellers were all buttery, creamy, flavorful, huge, and delicious! I could order 7 more plates! I was very happy after a plate of 6! I'm definitely coming back for those oysters.Amazing food!!! And amazing service! Highly recommend the gator nachos best I've ever had !!Great food and great service. Ponce was our server and he made great suggestions and was attentive. My husband and I shared the shrimp poboy and it was delicious, the remoulade is so good! Its smoky and spicy and it was just a great sandwich. And the bread pudding is a must have!  Overall great experience  and if you sit in the front you can watch them make the oyster RockefellerI really liked the rooftop on this place. It's food was good as well. I had a fried chicken Po boy sandwich with buffalo sauce on the side with fries, my friend ordered crab cake pasta (crab cake was gooooddd) and my other friend ordered crawfish pasta. Which he raved about. My meal was good. The chicken was seasoned perfectly and the fries were good. The music was great on the rooftop. We went pretty late. Like 1am and was able to have dinner. The staff was super friendly. I would return.Our first meal in New Orleans and it was a warm welcome to the city.  We had Whitney and Whitley as our servers and they were super friendly.  They even took a couple extra minutes to recommend local spots to try through the week.  This was the best experience to start our 40th birthday celebration off right.This is a great place if you're looking for a great meal, good service, relaxed but not dull atmosphereThis is my favorite restaurant on Bourbon! I enjoyed the food and the staff. If you're in doubt come here to eat; the shrimp and grits and crab cake pasta were my favoriteOver priced, food is over salted, the portion is only the thing under. I tried from appetizers to desert, is bad.
I don't know how they have 4 stars, maybe is their own staff review.
Highly not recommend to eat there, many restaurant in the same street is better than them.
Really upset,
If any one is giving more than one star then please give a reason.My wife and I decided to try this place out for lunch. We started off with drinks, and we ordered the crawfish poutine as our appetizer. That was absolutely delicious! I then ordered the alligator bite po-boy, and my wife ordered the blackened fish po-boy. Again, both were so delicious! Portions are huge, we barely ate half of our food. The staff were friendly and very helpful. Next time we're in New Orleans we will definitely be back!!Food was great!! We had the jambalaya Cajun pasta and alligator po boy! Langston was an amazing server! Def recommend.Shortly after arriving in New Orleans for the very first time, we came here for dinner and I have to say it was the PERFECT introductory meal. If you want to get a feel for a few staples of the local cuisine, I highly recommend ordering the Taste of New Orleans, which is comprised of 3 slices of buttered bread accompanying 3 bowls of comfort food:
1. Chicken and sausage gumbo
2. Crawfish étouffée
3. Red beans & rice with smoked sausage
I thought it was going to be too much food - especially because all three are creamy comfort foods - but it was the perfect amount as the bowls are the size of side dishes. The gumbo wasn't too heavy, the crawfish really came through in the étouffée, and the sausage was delectable (I could make a meal out of a plateful of that sausage).
Finished off the meal with the bread pudding. Because raisins are often a polarizing subject, I'll note that this bread pudding does have them. I'm usually not a fan of raisins in my desserts but this one was so good it didn't even matter. Hot and fluffy and sweet and nicely complemented by the whip cream on the side.
As you walk into the restaurant, if they ask you whether you want to sit upstairs or downstairs, note that the upstairs is a lounge/drinking area so the ground floor is where you want to be if you're looking for a meal (mentioning this because we originally thought upstairs was just an extension of the dining area). We got a table by the window, which allowed us to witness all the shenanigans on Bourbon Street on a Saturday night (or perhaps every night).
Lastly, want to give a huge shout-out to our waitress, Harley, who was super friendly and professional and made sure we had a wonderful first night in New Orleans! I also overheard her giving our neighboring table some good tourist tips!The good and bad:
I was so looking forward to visiting New Orleans and ordering one of my favorite dishes: Cajun blackened fish topped with crawfish in a cream sauce. Our concierge recommended Mambo's on Bourbon Street in the heart of the French Quarter. I was worried because of its location on such a "touristy" street. The menu featured "Blackened Redfish LaFourche." I love redfish. Exactly what the doctor ordered.
The plate arrived with a great portion and beautiful piece of fish and looked yummy. At closer examination, the tiny crawfish were fried and the fish was dry, hard, and overcooked. I complained. Our great server, Justice, immediately got the manager who replaced my meal immediately.
The worse:
The new plate arrived with a great portion and beautiful piece of fish and looked yummy. At closer examination, the tiny crawfish were fried and the fish was still dry, hard, and overcooked.
What a shame. Redfish is hearty and not oily and can easily be over cooked. If you don't know this, don't serve it.
So disappointing.Checked them out during happy hour. We were seated on the rooftop patio which has a cute vibe.  Had the $1 chargrilled oysters. They were tasty but the sauce is more of an etouffee than the typical butter garlic. The star of the show was the catfish.. probably the best I've ever had a restaurant. The serving is enough for two to  three people. Way too much but so freaking delicious. Red beans and chicken were tasty but they really hit the spot in the room later that night LOL!My wife and I come here pretty regularly and we always enjoy it :) Our server's name was jasmine and she was great! However, we were not impressed with the Mambo Oysters. We get these everytime we come and usually they're pretty good. I don't know what changed this timeThis is so close to our hotel The Royal Sonesta and we didn't get in until late when a lot of other restaurants were closed for dinner. It wasn't very busy inside around 10:30 and had an upstairs bar and patio to enjoy as well. We got the chicken Alfredo pasta and the Cajun jambalaya both were so goood! We had 3 drinks, two dinners & a cheese cake and our bill was $90 so pretty good pricing in my opinion. All over great experience!Mambo's was recommended to us by a waitress at another restaurant, she was not lying! This place is so reasonably priced & absolutely delicious. The doorman, Wellington, was so helpful in telling us what his restaurant was good for. He even recommended a different place if we were in the mood for a different style of food, very trustworthy. Our waitress, Whitney, listed all the special in detail & did such a lovely job we ended up ordering all of them! SO TASTY. I'd recommend the alligator bites and any special they're having. 
We will absolutely be coming back.Mambo's  has great seafood, great oysters, great customer service, and a great bibe. I highly recommend the crab cakes with the remoulade sauce.Food was decent but nothing to brag about. I liked the balcony on the second floor. You can look down on all the foot traffic but I never made it to the rooftop bar. The waiter was too slow in bringing the check and we sat with a table full of dirty dishes just waiting DoD him to bring the check for at least 30 min. I guess he was in the weeds that night.This was the best meal we had all weekend. Hoshi was very helpful in our meal choices. The shrimp and grits were great and the redfish was delicious.  We had to come back later for dessert.Mambo's is located conveniently on Bourbon Street. It's got delicious drinks, lots of appetizers, and a variety of NOLA style dishes. Drinks are on the pricey side but typical for Bourbon Street. 
To eat we got the Famous Mambo's oysters and they were really, really good! The alligator tail bites were okay. They offer them blackened or fried and we ordered them blackened. However, they were still covered in some sort of breading and seemed like they were fried. Not really for me.
Service was friendly but not overbearing. 
With regards to COVID safety, employees were all wearing masks properly and tables were spaced out well. I definitely felt safe!Huey is awesome!!! Honestly the best food I have had in NOLA thus far. Here for a conference and my friends & I decided to check it out after a recommendation. We sat on the rooftop where Huey was kind, charming and amazing with his suggestions of the daily special (which I had - voodoo pasta with blackened, fried shrimp & catfish). 
Huey's knowledge of the menu, the city of New Orlean, enthusiasm and ability to create a warm environment for us here at Mambo's was greatly appreciated.
Definitely will be coming back to visit & requesting him as my server. 
Thank you for your hospitality, Huey & Mambo's!Amazing! We had the crab cake entree and a good ole hamburger. From the drinks to the incredible service Samuel gave us-everything was phenomenal. Eat here!Service was great but was displeased with the meal. The long lines and long wait are not worth it. This picture will show you that it's not worth the hypeAmazing drinks & food. Joshua was waiter and he was equally fantastic. Beautiful rooftop.The waitress Felicia was great, we came in with a large party and she did her best to provide great service to us all. On the other hand the chef has a heavy hand with the salt and food was about a 6 on a scale from 1-10. The manager Julie was called because one of the orders was incorrect and we wanted it taken off of the check. Julie stood there for 10 minutes going back and forth about how she would not take the food back even though it was untouched. She was extremely rude considering that it was a party of 20 patronizing her establishment. Piss poor service I will not be back.Stopped in for a quick bite and had their nachos and a couple of drinks. The doorman Wellington didn't steer us wrong by stopping in to eat here!Stumbled into this place and found some amazing food & service was awesome!  
We ordered two of the Bucktown Seafood Platter, one with blackened  gator bites & thr other with fried gator bites.  Blackened gator bites were better & not too spicy!  The fried fish was catfish and THE BEST fish we've had!!
For apps we ordered half order Oysters Rockefeller & half order Mambas Gstlic Oysters.   Rockefeller did not disappoint, but I preferred the sauce of the other.  
Highly recommend this place....clean, great service and incredible tasting food!Let me first off say, I really do enjoy the food here.  It's a legitimate Restaurant ON Bourbon.  We started with a dozen oysters, ice cold and delicious (I asked to take the shells with me and they happily brought me a to go box). We ordered the crab cakes with a side of coleslaw, shrimp Alfredo and grilled redfish Beurre Blanc and I subbed in smashed potatoes for the grits.  Don't get me wrong the cheese grits are delicious, I, this day wanted potatoes. My son ate all his pasta, but Miss Yvonne and I both took have our meals home for dinner.  Easily 2 normal portions or enough for any hearty appetite. Since I checked in on Yelp, we got a free dessert.   My son opted for the bread pudding which was sooooo good, warm and served with sauce and a gigantic pile of whipped cream.  One minute it was there, I sampled a bite and in a blink the boy had demolished it.  Our food was so enjoyed by each of us.
So here's the rub, the service was off.  The gal at the hostess desk was outside trying to get guests in, but left me standing at the front not knowing if she was the hostess? Should I just give you my name and wait outside? Why didn't she at least take Yvonnes name 
earlier?(I dropped her off because I didn't want my 76 year old neighbor walking too far In the rain). 
Then no explanation on the Covid protocols regarding waiting or tables.  I was confused and literally left standing there as staff members continued to walk. Y, even the manager a couple times.  If it was just me and my son, I would have walked out. It felt rude.  Then instead of acknowledging me, she walks past me to Yvonne? What? I'm standing right in front of you.  She could have said "this lady was ahead of you".  Ugh. I finally said, excuse me, this IS my party.  Fast forward to a couple leaves their table and I watch as she disinfects the table, but not the chairs.  No worries, I clean them with spray sanitizer in my purse. But people touch the backs of chairs as they sit, right? Ugh.
The server was absent a lot and I found myself chasing her down a couple times.  She forgot things, but she was forgiven after apologizing and saying it was her only her second day.  Okay cool, an explanation of some sort.  Okay, I'll give ya a break sista.  
Manager was more worried about seating a party of 16 behind us all squished together.  Again cool, but in a limited dining room? Ugh. And I had to wait so long because they couldn't add an extra chair to a two top?  I'm confused.
It's a really great place and I suppose COVID19 is making things extra hard.  At least the hostess could be a little more informative to their set up. Maybe it's the new staff, maybe they are short staffed......who knows. I never will because no one bothered to explain anything, except the new waitress Gabriella.Had dinner on a Saturday night and had to wait about 20 min, the blackened ribeye was a little thin for me but good, my wife had shrimp and grits and she said it was good, you can walk out to the balcony to see the action on Bourbon St. Service was good not overwhelming or not lacking, I would comeback.Delicia was our wonderful server. She was very sweet and informative. Due to Covid there was no wait and they had a sign in sheet for all guests. The list helps to get track of guests due to Covid 19. All restaurants should follow those guidelines. The food was amazing lastly right on Bourbon St a must stop.I have truly never had such a poor experience in my life! The manager Julie should not possess a job in customer service. If you order anything in this establishment, please hope that it comes out right! If you have any feedback, keep it to yourself. Otherwise, you can expect  Julie to come to the table in a defensive and aggressive manner to inform you that the item was made perfectly and that you will still be paying for it even if you want to send it back without consuming any of it. If you aren't happy with that, she is more than happy to grab the local sheriff to deal with you. Please don't go there if you value customer service or your own self respect!! There are sooo many great places to eat in New Orleans!! This is just not one of them! Try Lula!We went there after this terrible debacle and the food AND service were amazing!I was very impressed by the service our waitress (Whitney was a gem). Every thing that she suggested was great.  We had several different things off the menu and I can say that everything was good. We will be visiting again.I got the catfish salad (blackened). I was a little bit apprehensive paying $18 for a salad but the portions were larger that I thought they would be. The salad ended up being quite filling. You have their option of getting Caesar dressing or their 'regular'. Not entirely sure what their regular is but it tasted very good! The blackened catfish was very good, flavorful and flakey. There were some crutons as well. 
I sat on the third floor on the patio so I could get some fresh air. 
Mambo's is a great option if you're on Burbon Street. The prices are the same at other restaurants.Place was amazing. If you go, make sure you try the gator nachos.  Unbelievable in the taste.   The charbroiled oysters were made perfectly.  Everything was great.The manager is just nasty, servers are nice and they are literally scared of her. Drinks were as nasty as the manager.Normally I would not eat on Bourbon St, but this place was new, so we decided to try it.  We had the Mambo and Rockefeller oysters and they were really tasty.  Came out hot.  The drinks were awesome.  I had the deep blue horizon and she had a mango tango.  Both really good!!  The crab cakes were great as well as the poutine.  Our waitress, Felicia, was terrific and took great care of us. O ya, try the bread pudding, seriously good.Delicious food with fast service!  Our waiter was very knowledgeable and answered all of our questions without hesitation.  We ended up getting the Crawfish Poutine for an appetizer - 10/10 delicious!  My husband ordered the Blackened Redfish Lafourche - which he loved and I ordered the BBQ shrimp and grits!  I very much liked the shrimp and grits with the exception of all of the oil/butter - it was very greasy and kind of made my stomach hurt after eating it.  But I still thoroughly enjoyed it, I just probably wouldn't order it again.  
We used our "check-in" dessert and ordered bread pudding!  So so so good!!  
The portions were huge.  We had a hard time eating everything and could have done without the appetizer, but it was so good I don't regret ordering it!!  I think the dishes and drinks were a bit on the pricy side, but they are in the heart of bourbon street so....‍Best alligator po boy I had all week.  Wellington, the hostess, lured me in from the street and I'm glad he did.  I will deffinately be coming back.Cajun Gumbo was good, avoid the steak, not their specialty. The bread pudding was surprisingly good. Had a glass of Cabernet served  in what appeared to be a 4 ounce pudding glass. Nothing to write home about for approximately $55.Brianna was the best! Loved her hospitality and everyone's else that helped out. The vibe and food was amazingThe food was fantastic.  Our bartender Dejon was very knowledgeable, friendly, and made some great food recommendations.  She definitely made the visit fun, and I might go back again tomorrow for the famous and popular grilled oysters!Absolutely mind blown and it's what you would think blew my mind. This spot is on Bourbon St right in the middle of the nightlife. We went around 8pm so the streets were filled with life. The wait wasn't too long and we were quickly seated. We both had eaten 2.5hrs ago so we weren't extremely hungry but I just had to try out one more spot before we split. 
I ordered Mambos famous Oysters and my wife had the bbq shrimp. I had a variation of the same type oysters the previous day and loved them, I needed a repeat but at a different spot. Because I checked us in on yelp, I got a free desert in which I'll talk about in a bit. The oysters with the bread were amazing. The cheese and the sauce go well with the oysters. The bbq shrimp was great too. 
Now on to desert! I redeemed my free desert and went with the Praline topped brownie with a scoop of ice cream. First bite was the praline topped ice cream... fucking bomb. Next was the ice cream and a brownie scoop... amazeballs! Then I added the whip cream.... mind blown. My wife doesn't like brownies but I insisted she try. After one bite her eyes lit up,  two bites my desert was now a shared desert. We both loved it. Best desert I EVER tasted. 
This place is HIGLY recommended!This place hands down the best place ever! We ordered a variety. From gator nachos to pasta and seafood. It's nice and quiet inside very clean and our server was so nIce. This was our  first time visiting New Orleans. Other places looked sketchy. Price were reasonable and service as great. Definitely going back here if we visit again.Great service and great food!!!
Our host, Robriyion was very friendly.  She seated us quickly and gave us the table we requested.  We wanted to be near the doors so we could catch the sites walking along Bourbon Street. This place is a MUST if you're ever in New Orleans. The seafood was so fresh, it tasted as if it had been caught an hour ago. We will be back!!Excellent food and service.  Loved the oysters, crab cakes and hush puppies.  Ashley was a wonderful waitress.Excellent restaurant!  The service blew me out of the water...the staff were so polite, everyone greeted us as we walked to our seating.  Our server Mary was amazing!  She knew the menu like the back of her hand.  I ordered blackened Alligator with red beans and rice...O M G...it was so good!  The strawberry cheesecake was phenomenal! I Definitely will be eating here again!  If you have a seafood allergy...they are accommodating!Came here for happy hour on 1/26/21. All the workers here are super friendly, our waitress was great. Food was good. Got the happy hour special $1 per oyster so we ordered 2 dozen. We also got the alligator gumbo (tastes like chicken), poutine fries, & seafood appetizer. But the star of the show was the bread pudding. OMG. I can't even describe. I would come back to NOLA again just for this bread pudding.This was one of our favorite restaurants. The entire staff was amazing. Deuanta greeting at the door made us know we were definitely in the right place. We were seated with Patrica who made our experience amazing! An awesome experience sprinkled with a sassy good time. Her recommendation were perfect and we all enjoyed our meals. We were reluctant on dessert due to being so full but with her high recommendations of the bourbon pea pie we ended up ordering a second after devouring the first! Things to try... the specials were all amazing along with the Carnival pasta and add a crab cake!!!Couldn't decide where to eat our last night in New Orleans. Chose here and were very happy with the choice. I got the voodoo pasta, wife got shrimp and grits, kids got jambalaya pasta and seafood basket, and we got the crawfish and alligator nachos. We also got the bread pudding and pecan pie fore dessert. Everything was really good, I would definitely recommend the nachos, the voodoo pasta and the bread pudding.  Brittany and Stacy were great servers.I picked this place based on yelp reviews and the fresh looking pics.  Service was good and staff were all friendly.  I ordered the crab cakes as an entree and they were fine, but nothing that rocked my world.  My friend ordered the fried oyster platter - also good, but nothing transcendent.  I wanted to leave a review only because coming from out of town, I really wanted a "best of" dinner, and not sure I got it.  Definitely didn't leave disappointed, but hoping to find something with a little more "wow" tomorrow.Service was painfully slow. The cold outside wait didn't help either . Food presentation wasn't a good quality in this establishment but the taste of the food was delicious  Even tho the red beans and rice wasn't what I was expecting by far , it still had a great tasteWent here twice during my stay. Felicia (bartender) was AMAZING and so was the food BOTH times. I'd recommend anybody come here. I had the blackened fish po boy and crawfish poutine fries both times. YUMMY IN MY TUMMY!After being a little disappointed with my usual Felix's I decided to try this place and they've definitely become my new favorite. 
Their fresh and house famous oysters are delicious! The drinks are good and strong. 
But the shrimp & grits?!? AMAZING. The only negative thing I have to say is my shrimp & grits dish literally had more sauce and shrimp than grits...they def could have added more grits. Other than that I'm still returning!First time in New Orleans stopped in mambos for dinner and a drink and our bartender Devon was amazing! So much fun to talk to and make amazing drinks! Made our experience on Bourbon Street top notch!! Highly recommend!!Amazing restaurant with even better service. Ponce took great care of us! Would recommend this place to anyone looking for authentic food in New Orleans!Going with what the Yelp consensus said, we made reservations for the rooftop area on a Saturday night ahead of time. The temperature was just chilly enough to sit outdoors so I was excited. Located right on Bourbon street, we walked right in and told to wait a few for our table to be ready on the roof top. When we proceeded to the third floor, the area is divided and only a few tabes are truly on the rooftop area (meaning that overlook Bourbon street) The table that they gave us was not one of those and the host explained that those were not for regular reservations only deposit reservations. Since I was not aware of any of that and they didn't clarify at the time of reservations, I pleaded for what I thought we had reserved. A rooftop table. After a little snag from the host, she finally gave us a great table at the end. Honestly I think it was fuss that could've been avoided. We were going to eat and drink, I don't get it. Anyways, away her vibe and in come our waitress for the night!
Can I tell you that the vibe completely changed when our Maddie waitress took over? Wow she was great we had such a fab night. We took her recommendations for the dishes and had a fantastic first dinner in New Orleans. The music was playing, the weather was cool, the Cajun fried catfish and shrimp over penne, the mambo oysters delish! Wow my mouth is watering remembering those oysters right now. And the warm rum bread pudding? I think it had praline sauce. If you're in the area, give Mambos a shot. I recommend upstairs if you can.Service and food was good!! I ordered gumbo as an appetizer and this "small" bowl was not what I was expecting, lol. It was really a meal BUT no complaints. The drink was good and strong as well as my entree. Our waitress was informative and patience with us. Great experience.The restaurant is new. The food was delicious. I had the blackened shrimp Alfredo. Our hostess Jermrya was awesome! What I didn't like, the employees cannot ride the elevator.. they have to take the employee stairs. Christian did a great job by telling us to come in & eat. His personality won us over after we passed him 3 times.. WTG!! We'll be back.Tasty shrimp poor boys. Great location and open late. Just a little pricey for a sandwich and fries.Our first time ever in New Orleans and we went straight to Mambos! I'm so glad we did! Joshua was our server and he was such a delight! He recommended the shrimp and grits and I wasn't disappointed! The food was amazing, vibe was amazing and the service was amazing! I highly recommend to anyone wanting to go here! It's a must!So I'm in Nola for work and thought I needed to get some food that reflected the city.  I must say that down in the French quarter it's not completely barren of people but it's light on the people side.  And it's Monday night so the choices were slimmer. But Mambo's menu really intrigued me.  I got the taste of New Orleans which is obviously hard to do to go.  The smoke sausage was outstanding.  Gumbo and etouffee were good.  Could have used some hot sauce but obviously to go wasn't in the bag and I know hard to do.This place was fabulous! We came in as a last minute decision. It did not disappoint. We started with the gator and crawfish nachos. Out of this world! My husband ordered the special which was etouffe with fried catfish on top. It was an amazing dish. I got the chain Jambalaya Pasta. So tasty and delicious. This place was overall a huge hit!Very good oysters and gumbo !! I loved the service it was very fast she professional will definitely be backCame here for apps and 'zerts after a few drinks on Bourbon street. The hospitality here was amazing, and the food was just as good. If you are looking for a family friendly restaurant on Bourbon street that will treat you right, come here. And I highly recommend the bread pudding with ice cream...to die for.UH-MAZING!!!!!!! We had our company Christmas party here and the staff was incredible and the food was more than "on point"! We will be back for dinner soon! Everything was perfect!!We had lunch in the upstairs dining room. The food was wonderful and the service was great. I had a delicious Bloody Mary. The shucked and grilled oysters were massive and mouth watering. Glen provided very attentive service. The place is clean and really nice. I highly recommend this place.Dined in and had such a great experience! Our server was so friendly and enthusiastic. She even helped us by recommending drinks and apps! The alligator kickers were very tasty. The crawfish poutine was also delicious but very heavy. I'd recommend getting that to split across the table.