This restaurant was very good.  The reason for the 4 stars was just due to price.  It is a little expensive for what you get.  Food was very tasty and service was quick and friendly.  If you have children it is less expensive to split a hamburger po boy and french fries than it is to buy two kids meals plus you will probably have extra. I suggest trying the onion rings and the turtle soup (if you've never had it, it tastes like spicy gravy).Absolutely love Mandina's! The food, the service and the atmosphere, afternoon or evening always delicious, warm and friendly.I can't find anything negative about this place. Just pure southern hospitality all around, even the customers were very friendly.  This is worth the trip...the food will make sure of that. 
We found out about this place by talking up a local who works at the Civil War museum. Because that's what foodies do:)
Amazing place to eat great food! A definite New Orleans "must do"!Literally the worst service I have ever had. Food is fine. Can get better food and certainly better service at dozens of other restaurants like it. Sad, because it used to be great.We wanted to get away from the French Quarter and didn't want anything fried.  So that we did by trying Madina's.  
Starters, turtle soup and salad with vinaigrette.   Both were very good, I've never had turtle soup and this I would trie again.  My husbands salad, the vinaigrette was some of the best homemade dressing I've ever tried.  The buttered toast was ok, maybe it needed some spice or more salted butter.
Meals- husband had grilled pork chops, I had grilled gulf fish.  The pork was flavorful and I liked his roasted potatoes better than my boiled potatoes.  The green beans were also good, seasoned a little different that what were use to.  The gulf fish was flavorful, but it was a bit dry/crispy from being overcooked.  It seems like this is a struggle when I get grilled fish, to get the right char the fish is usually over cooked and this wasn't any different.  This was a thinner filet that should have been quickly chard.  Anyhow I ate it all up because it was flavorful.  
Lastly we ordered dessert, I wanted to try something local so we split bread pudding.  Husband wanted the marble cheesecake, should have tried that.  I was kind of excited when the server said pineapple with rum sauce and how rich this was.  Now I'm a dessert person the richer the better.  This was a let down, the pineapple was a good addition, I would leave the raisins out; they take away from the pineapple.  The sauce needs to be changed up also, the creamy white rum sauce was kind of flavorless.  I would make a sugary, buttery rum sauce this would have hit the spot.  
I wouldn't be opposed to trying some of the other dishes, the Po Boys looked good and some of the specials that went by looked good as well.  I'm just not that thrilled for a $74 meal to hurry back and there wasn't the wow memorable factor that I'll be taking about when we return to the city in a couple years.Great mid-city restaurant that was flooded during the storm but came back...even better.  If you are traveling to NOLA this is a great lunch spot.  Simple and tasty food.  Prices are reasonable too.  Just take the trolley car and tell the driver that you want to go to Mandinas and he/she will know where to drop you off.Great food and good service. We were lucky enough to come during happy hour which is between 3-6pm. We were very happy with everything we ordered. Calmari with marinara was tasty and hot. Shrimp poboys were filled with big juicy shrimp. My husband shared a half for only $6. Crawfish balls were an unexpected treat as well. Left full and pleased!I LOVE Mandina's!!! My only complaint is that I don't get to go often enough. I'm head over heels in love with the calamari. It's perfectly seasoned and perfectly fried. The marinara is as good as it gets. My favorite dish is the Catfish Almandine. It's perfection on a plate. The portions aren't skimpy either. You will NEVER say you left still hungry. Not possible. Favorite server is Travis. He's amazing.Always great food. Friendly and courteous staff. The reason why i gave 4 stars and not 5 is because it's a little pricey and most things are either a pasta dish, sandwich, or fried. Not great for a low carb dietTurtle soup was wonderful. Parking is easy and no wait. Service, shrimp poboy and oyster poboy were good enough, but not impressive. RW & LSFried eggplant sticks, seafood gumbo, roast beef po-boy, shrimp po-boy, a couple margaritas..all delicious and great/friendly service.I have enjoyed this restaurant for many years! I am just getting around to critiquing it. I generally like most everything I have ate on their menu. However, the two items that I have regularly devoured has been the Meatball Poboy and what we call the Wop Salad (Italian salad in these more PC times).  The Meatball Poboy is generous and the red gravy is excellent with the seasoned meatballs. The Wop salad incorporates olive dressing and hard boiled eggs. I love it! Think of it as a muffuletta on lettuce - the "healthy" choice.I ate at Mandina's on 3/15/13. The wait for a table was ridiculous, over an hour. To be fair though, it was a Friday night and St. Paddy's weekend. I had a couple of forgettable mixed drinks. Service was sufficient, not stellar. The atmosphere -- definitely nothing to write home about. 
It appeared that this visit would be 3-star experience at best. That is, until our first dish arrived -- Shrimp Remoulade. Holy Shit! With one dish, this restaurant went from 3 stars to 4 stars, despite the fried chicken not having enough seasoning. 
Listen people, go to Mandina's. Order the shrimp remoulade. Thank me later.The place is a hole in the wall but was packed. A security  guard was in the parking  lot. Don't come here if you are looking for ambience.  Service was a little  slow . Their gumbo was exceptional.  Prices were reasonable.  Had their  fried chicken  and red beans  and rice portions were huge . Enough  for two . Definitely  a place to tryOne of New Orleans' finest gems! Delicious food- Mandina's never disappoints! I get a cup of seafood gumbo and a cup of oyster and artichoke soup! Both are divine, and the seafood gumbo is some of the best I've ever had (and I'm from New Orleans!) The daily specials are always scrumptious too!This is not a touristic restaurant, and we loved that. The soups were great (we recommend the oyster+artichoke over the turtle soup), and so was the shrimp remoulade. Drink Dixie beer! The place is frugal, but again, this is a restaurant for locals. Service was very good and helpful.I really wanted to like this place more because it came with great reviews from locals.  They were recommending onion rings (very good) italian salad (good), turtle soup (very good) and fish almandines.  I had fish the night before, so I went for the waiter's recommendation - eggplant creole.  When the entree arrived, it was like nothing I had ever experienced before - basically a brown pile of what reminded me visually of meat stuffing (kind of).  The ingredients were indistinguishable and I couldn't finish it.  My companions were urging me to send it back, but I figure that I had ordered wrong and that it was some kind of regional fare.  In any case, I can recommend Mandina's, but make sure you know what you are ordering.Had dinner here on a Thursday evening at the suggestion of a NO native. Seeing the photo of about 10 feet of water covering the place after Katrina made it even more impressive. It's a big, pretty noisy dining room, nice and informal. We started with onion rings which some in an arranged stack of overlapping rings.  They were very tender with good batter and very mild onions.  I had the seafood platter, which was on the menu for $19.95, but was $22.95 that night because of the problems they (and all NO restaurants) are having getting fresh oysters.  They had signs everywhere warning of market price on oysters, so it was no surprise and the waitress told me of the change as I ordered.  
The platter was just seafood on a stack of fries, but it was probably the freshest fried combination I've ever had.  Two catfish filets, which were the mildest catfish I've ever eaten.  The shrimp had different batter and almost melted in my mouth.  The oysters had corn based batter and were also obviously very fresh and tasty.  I kept passing pieces to others just to clean my plate, cause there was so much food!
My wife had the daily special of smothered chicken which she keeps saying was "absolutely wonderful".  The chicken had been cooked before being covered with gravy and cooked more until fall-off-the-bone tender.  It came with a huge mound of mashed potatoes and green peas.  It really looked like a cookbook photo when served.  
With 4 entrees, 2 beers (Abita Amber, from just up the road)  and the onion rings, the tab was less than $100.00.  After $50.00 for burgers the night before in the Quarter, this place was am amazing bargain, with great food and service.  
THEY ONLY TAKE CASH, so be prepared--it's worth it!We came here for Father's Day because it is one of our favorite restaurants and my father in law's favorite. Long wait, no reservations okay.... seated and sat 45 minutes before drinks and orders taken! No apologies just too long. Food ordered incorrect, never got another menu to re order! No remediation to bill, just not good. I grazed off of relative's plates. So sad to see this 
Will stay away for awhile and have been coming here for 40  years plus.i ordered  softshell crab almondine, and when waiter took order I even stated how happy o was they had it! 
Food arrived, trout almondine
Sent back  after  minutes  of no waiter sighting 
Another waiter said that they did not have all day!
Food taken no menu given 
So I left hungry 
Still tipped waiter 15 percentThe service is attentive, the turtle soup is perfect, the ambience is New Orleans- loving it!Came to visit some friends for Bayou Classic and had lunch here. The best dishes were the crab fingers, seafood platter and the filet.   Don't recommend the stuffed shrimp...too much stuff and not enough shrimp. Bread pudding was really good...fresh and soft yummy! Overall good experienceMandina's was the first stop in my New Orleans culinary adventure.  I was looking for some down-home, honest cooking in a local setting and I wasn't disappointed.
Food: Ordered the turtle soup.  I got a bowl, girlfriend got the cup.  GO FOR THE BOWL.  Seriously.  It's the best thing I had all day, and the waiter will pour sherry all over that bad boy at your request.  Mandina's doesn't slouch on the meat; there is a ton of turtle in there, and the roux is really dark.  I ordered Creole Eggplant (a daily special) and the girl friend got the Mandinas staple: catfish almandine.  Except she forgot to ask for it blackened.  Oh, this was a big mistake.  Neither of us are huge fans of fried foods to begin with, and the wonderful almandine sauce did nothing for the breaded and fried filet.  Everything fried tastes like calamari to me ...
The Creole Eggplant was complex, spicy, rich and delicious.  It looked like a small portion, but it was hearty and compact (it was stuffed with crab, crawfish, shrimp and other goodies).  It looked awful (like mush from a cafeteria in the elementary school you never went to but read about it newspapers) but tasted great.  Served with pasta in a sweet tomato sauce.  Would get this again.  
On a sidenote, the complimentary garlic bread they present you with is pretty awful.  It's garlicky (a plus) but crumbles the instant it touches your lips, and at the same time, is kinda rigid in that stale bread sort of way.  Definitely not a texture I want my mouth to spend time with.  The Abita Mardi Gras seasonal bock on the other hand ... on tap ... delicious.
Service: Our waiter was helpful, attentive, and spoke with an awesome Nawlins accent.  Maybe the romance of it all was heightened because it was the first one I heard upon arriving from Newark, who knows.  
Atmosphere: We scouted this place on Frommer's under the tag "best neighborhood restaurant" and it most definitely lives up to that.  Far removed from Bourbon and the French Quarter, it's definitely not touristy.  
Value: Great bang for the buck.  Big portions.  Just make sure you specify how you want your fish cooked! (duh!)NoLa local favorite spot. Never disappoints. This time I had the eggplant parm, excellent choice. Enough food to share. Eggplant is served on top of the massive pile of spaghetti. Red gravy is outstanding!!!  Well worth the wait.Mandina's is mediocre. Simple as that. People with no taste buds like this place. The trout almondine, or anything almondine you order here for that manner, is BLAND. The only decent dish here is the veal parmigian. Anything else is very basic. Do not recommend this place, sorry NewOrleanians..Yesterday, I had the chance to eat at one of my favorite restaurants. Now, everytime I come back to New Orleans I head over here to fill my belly with the joy of taste from here and yesterday was know different. My uncle and I came here to eat and I mean eat good, yaheardme! So, when we arrived we had a 5 minute wait for our table near the bar then we was seated. Once we was seated our waiter asked what we wanted to drink and quickly got our drinks for us. Afterwards, we was ready to order and we both ordered a sandwich and turtle soup. Now, we of course ordered both our "poorboys" sandwiches dressed and when they arrived we immediately attacked them with our taste buds. All I can say was "what a meal" out loud and the face my uncle made was priceless after finishing his order. In the end, this restaurant will always have a special place in my heart! So, let the good times roll!Ate here on a Saturday for lunch. It had been recomended for their etoufee special. I tried that and was disappointed. There was a lot of it, but it was pretty bland. I'm used to etoufee with a little spice to it. Also, we waited quite awhile for our food.Authentic New Orleans. The locals love this place. When you are inside, look on the large wooden post, note the metal plaque attached to it.  This is indicating the waterline of Katrina. About 9' off the ground.My dad (75 now) grew up in New Orleans and is always one of his favorite places to hit when we visit.  He claims it's still the same crowd hanging out by the bar. :)  Seems to be a local place, come and enjoy the atmosphere, be patient and eat some awesome food.  Shrimp Remoulade, gumbo,  po-boys, all AWESOME! some of the best I've ever had.  Gets crowded.... did I mention be patient??Mandina is a place for families, it seemed like everyone knew each other there. The waiters are so friendly. You'll be treated like a relative not a customer which is nice. The food is delicious, I was picking at everyone's plate. Everything was good; from French fries to sautéed shrimps, fried catfish... I'm telling you everything is delicious.I hope you have a refrigerator to put your leftovers in. They serve huge portions of yummy food. I would recommend sharing an entree if you have the same taste buds. Our server Diane was great and even was able to get my shy 3 year old to talk. I ordered the turtle soup with some sherry on top. It was nice and hardy and I wish I had more. I had to make myself stop eating salad with the Italian vinaigrette dressing, so I could save room for my meal. That dressing will keep me coming back. I ordered a Sunday special of Gulf fish with a shrimp etouffee. I'm so happy I have left overs! Somehow I saved enough room for the bread pudding that came with my meal. It was warm and gooey and tasted like Christmas. I definitely recommend dining here, and try to come before 7 when they get busy.Friends brought us to Mandina's for lunch and we are sooo glad they did! 
We arrived for lunch and were met by a rather taciturn gentleman who took my friends name and wrote it incorrectly on a list sitting on the bar. We waited for tables to clear. This is an open room with approximately 20 tables.  We were seated in less than 10 minutes. The menu is quite large with specific daily specials along with additional specials noted on the board on the wall.  
We shared Crab Fingers which, as previously mentioned, were a little light on crab meat but excellent flavor.  I opted for the Turtle Soup which was amazing and Yes, be sure and have the Sherry added when it is delivered to the table.  Husband ordered the Red Beans and Rice---a Monday Special Only...and it was the BEST I've tasted yet!  
Friends ordered Eggplant Creole special that day.  OMG!! I had no idea what was going to show up BUT what did was one of the best dishes Ever!  Crab and Shrimp and sautéed eggplant (if you don't like eggplant you would never know there was eggplant in it) and amazing seasonings!  
We came back for dinner a few nights later...We ordered Calamari appetizer, fried Shrimp and hubby ordered Veal Scallopini.  Too much food!!!   But, that didn't stop us from getting dessert to go..It was great...the appetizer and 1 entree would have been enough.  You will go home with leftovers.The atmosphere very old-school New Orleans. So many great choices. Love the daily specials. Food portions are very large. I will return backVery busy and apparently popular. Good food, but a little expensive. Service was adequate. Would only recommend if you have reservations.Decided to have dinner here because of the high Yelp stars and it was also recommend by our AirBNB hosts. Arrived just before happy hour started and took advantage of the drink specials while waiting for our table. Once we got to our table, everything went downhill. Our waiter acted as if we were inconveniencing him by being at the restaurant. His demeanor was friendly with other tables and we do not know what we did wrong to deserve such treatment. He avoided our table and never checked to refill drinks. After he dropped off our meal he never came back to check how our food was. One of us ordered the stuffed pepper special which didn't have much flavor and another ordered the Grilled Shrimp over Pasta Bordelaise which had entirely too much garlic for even a garlic lover. Needless to say, we will not return and will warn anyone we know who travels to New Orleans to try another restaurant.Love Mandina's! We stumbled upon this place by accident. Our uber driver drove us in circles around the Mid City area as we were convinced a certain BBQ place existed in the vicinity. To our dismay, that bbq place was closed. We proceeded to get out at the next block thinking we can find a restaurant along the way. Keep in mind, this was our first time in New Orleans. We weren't aware of the sketchiness down mid city canal street. Any way that's a different story...ater passing a bunch of older buildings and doctors' offices, we were attracted to the bright lights at Mandina's. They had a pretty long line for a Sunday night so we decided they must be really good if they brought the crowd. We waited about 20 minutes at the bar before we finally were seated. The food was delicious! We had their sausage and spaghetti dish and the oyster artichoke soup. They served us plenty of garlic bread and a complimentary bread pudding dessert. Service was good no complaints! Although the drinks were way over priced (but that's to be expected when you're a tourist right?) We had a great evening.The best roast beef po boy I have ever had. The meat was tender and the gray had so much flavor so far the best I have had in New Orleans. The crab claws in wine sauce are a must to get as well I could eat both of these things about everyday. You can share the sandwich it is so big! This place is kind of off the beaten path but a great place for lunch.GO FOR THE CHICKEN PARM & SPAGHETTI! Their sauce is amazing. Even picky kiddo loved it! Great for slurping lady and the tramp style!   :)
Go early or be prepared to wait!We came and started with a cup of turtle soup and then had a bowl of gumbo. So delicious. It's a busy place but has that home cooked casual feel.Gigantic portions!! My cousin and I stopped in on a Wednesday night when he was in town visiting. We were seated right away. I had the stuffed bell pepper special. It was stuffed with shrimp and meat and in a delicious semi-sweet red sauce. It was so delicious and HUGE. I took most of it home. The baked macaroni side dish was amazing. The pasta was thick and perfectly cooked. The consistency of the sauce was on point, not runny at all. The side of beans was super super salty. Not even the sweet sauce of thee bell pepper could balance it out. I didn't even take it home. My cousin had the catfish meuniere. I had a bite and it tasted good, not dry. He seemed to enjoy it and finished the whole thing! Mandina's appears to be a solid spot for a comforting meal. Generous portions balance out the price, which is on the high side for this type of food.cab driver recommended this place, we were not disappointed. Great crab fingers, delicious turtle soup and super yummy garlicky grilled shrimp and pasta.Split the seafood platter & had a onion ring app. Seafood platter was great & fresh. Also very reasonable on the price for the amount of food received. The buttery french bread that came with it was icing on the cake. I shall return!Can't go to New Orleans without stopping here for a great dish at a great value. Mandina's has been around forever and the quality of their food, which is stellar, has never changed. They're pricing is good and their service has always been great.
Advice: take an Uber as parking can be kind of tough during prime hours.I am in town for business and my cousin, who is a local, brought me to Mandina's for supper. The gumbo and the shrimp po boy were both amazing. The service was also great. I will definitely visit this place again when I return to town.Stay gold,Pony Boy.Great line from 80s movie,The Outsiders.I think of that line when I reminisce about the beautifully golden fried seafood I get at Mandina's!!This place is so yummy and has been around since the 1930's.Id say they must be doing something right.Start with the gumbo,delicious ,and about a medium darkness as far as roux.If you don't know what that means you need to cook or eat more cajun food!!The crab claws in a buttery wine sauce is also a great starter!!Softshell crab  Almondine when crabs are in season is wonderful,but don't sleep on the Italian dishes.The red gravy is to die for.....The veal Parmesan is amazing! So are the eggplant sticks W/marinara sauce. The fried calamari is some of the best in the city. A little pricy, but quality and quantity makes up for it. Good house wines. I usually go there about 3-4 times a year. My husband loves the seafood.Had lunch on July 4th. The red beans and rice with sausage was simply amazing! The fried chicken...amazing. The boneless fried chicken...amazing. The catfish po boy....amazing. Do you get the point? 
The server was very prompt and attentive. The food was served quickly and was very good. Everyone at lunch thought the red beans were the best they've ever had.The food was good but not excellent. The prices were much higher than the menu posted on the menu on their website. The menu was also different as it was the Sunday menu tonight. The restaurant has a nice feel to it, and I liked the main dining room. The staff were all dressed very causally and were working hard. Entrees were 18-28 and the tiny cup of gumbo for 5.75 was tasty but expensive. I had the fried chicken which looked great and OK but was a bit overlooked and under seasoned. I will not return, as it failed on more than it succeeded. I'm not sure when New Orleans got so expensive, but it sucks now. I used to live in New Orleans pre-Katrina, but I can eat better for less in Southern California. There are still great places out there, I just wish this was one of them.Us 6 girls stopped in to grab a quick drink while waiting for our table at Ruby Slipper. A bystander told us to order the Grab Fingers in wine sauce.... omg the best thing I've had in Nola so far!! Soooo good. Our bartender Kevin and server Ron were such gentlemen! Gave us excellent service even though they knew we weren't ordering much. True southern hospitality!!! Thank you so muchI don't understand how this place has 4 stars. Mediocre food and service. Even desert was bad. Don't go.It took this place for me to realize that po boys are just not for me. Big crusty bread with already breaded oysters and shrimp is too much for me to handle. The fried oysters and shrimp were really tasty on their own but as a sandwich i'll pass, its way too try. A few people recommended this place to me. Its a cute restaurant, kind of like eating in a really big dining room in someones old victorian style home. The southern hospitality here cant be beat. The portions were big, but I didnt expect to pay $18 dollars for a shrimp and oyster po boy so that threw me off a little =/We visited Mandina's at the invitation of a local friend.  I was dying for étouffée, and my friend said we should go to Mandina's.  However, there was none to be had.  Instead, I ordered the special lunch of the day -- half of a oyster po'boy and a cup of gumbo.  The gumbo was good and rich.  The oysters were perfect and the sandwich perfectly dressed.  The only downside was that the bread was a bit stale.
Next time we're in town, however, we will come for dinner and call in advance to be sure they have étouffée.My last night in Louisiana was made memorable by my dinner here. Soft she'll crab and fried oysters are the best!!!Not fancy local spot. They were lovely and accommodating and great service. But food wise, totally mediocre. Nothing inspiring and nothing wow. The drum with meunière was delicious but not enough to save the meal from mediocrity. 
Apps were blah. Sides were blah. 
The NYC equivalent of this old school hole in the wall would be vying for a Michelin star. This place is not even close. 
You won't be mad but you won't rush backGreat family spot with great food. My kids and I enjoyed it.  Even with younger kids, it was a great atmosphere and a place we could enjoy together.Still gets 5 stars but dont forget that it's a cash only place!We stumbled upon this place looking for somewhere to eat lunch after visiting City Park and heading back to the French Quarter. It was perfect because we had taken the trolley, and being on Canal St. it was right on our path.
We got there just a bit before noon on a Tuesday which ended up being lucky because by noon there was quite a line of people waiting for a table. It looked like they do take reservations because a couple tables had "reserved" signs on them, so that maybe the way to go so you don't have to wait.
They have a large Creole and Italian menu, but being from out of town we wanted to try the local fare so we got the lunch special (1/4 Shrimp Po Boy and a Cup of Soup). I've never had Turtle soup before so I tired that, and although I can't say I'll have it again it was yummy, and my bf very much enjoyed his gumbo. We both enjoyed our sandwiches, although I do enjoy remoulade more so than the tarter(?) sauce that was served with our sandwiches. 
Service was very quick and friendly. There definitely seemed to be a large local following here. They also serve beer, wine, and looked to have a full bar.  I would definitely recommend Mandina's to anyone looking for a nice meal away from some of the "touristiness" of other parts of the city!Great place for lunch. Bloody Mary, crab claws in wine sauce and the turtle soup with sherry. You can't go wrong with this lunch!Terrible.  The waiter was extremely rude to our party and the food was bad too.  The turtle soup is probably the most overrated thing in the world.  It tasted like bits of ground beef in gravy.  Seriously, if you microwave a frozen salisbury steak dinner, take the liquid, and add alcohol to it, you get practically the same thing for a tenth of the price.  They also used canned peas to accompany the liver dinner, which was nothing special.  That's just inexcusable.I finally made it to this New Orleans institution and I couldn't be more pleased with my experience.
We went at around 1 and by then the lunch crowd had died down, so we were quickly seated. Everything on the menu looked so good and you can get an assortment of things like poboys, seafood platters and spaghetti.
I decided to start with the turtle soup. While it wasn't bad, it's not on the level of a place like Commander's Palace. It had good flavor, but they kind of went easy on the turtle, if that makes any kind of sense. For my entree, I got the fried oyster platter and that came with fries. I LOVE fried oysters and any place that offers a fried oyster platter is good in my book. The oysters were AMAZING. I actually loved that they were a little smaller, which allowed me to eat the whole thing in one bite and not cut it in half.
I will definitely return to Mandina's and will be adding it to my list of recommended places to visit when living in/visiting New Orleans.Down from Atlanta and came here for a 60th birthday celebration. Had the shrimp remoulade appetizer and it was really good. The highlight was our seafood. We had the soft-shell crab meuniere, the Drum almondine, and the seafood platter. All were simply outstanding. The Drum was lightly fried with a tasty but not-too heavy sauce. The soft-shell crab was lightly fried and the meunière sauce perfect. The seafood on the seafood platter was fresh, tasty, and not over-breaded.  Portions of all were generous.  Service was attentive, friendly and prompt. In a town known for its wonderful food, don't miss this treat!This is a solid go to for a lunch meeting. They can handle a group and it is good NOLA classic food. I think they have some of the best Red Beans in the city.Let me start out by saying this restaurant was one of my favorite places to dine. If I were to rate it just for the food I would give it four stars, but today I'm rating the customer service. My husband and I decided to eat lunch here over the weekend. It was raining outside so business was pretty slow. When we walked in the guy behind the bar said sit anywhere you like,  so we did. We were there about five minutes and no one came to greet us or take our drink order. A few more minutes passed and three other,separate,  patrons came in and sat down and within seconds they were greeted by the waiter and he took their drink order. We were literally there about fifteen minutes without anyone acknowledging us so we decided to leave. We told the guy behind the bar that no one wanted to serve us and were leaving. He didn't even look at us, there was no apology. He could care less. I am so shocked at the poor service, I'm sorry,  NO SERVICE we received. We will think twice before attempting to dine here again. Mandinas management: please give your staff some customer service lessons. We are the people that keep you in business and allow you to have a job. Customer service always comes first.Great service, very friendly. Chris, our waiter was awesome! We were a difficult table with 6, including 2 little ones. He handled every request with a genuine smile. Food was really good, I had the 1/2 loaf half shrimp half oysters. Very good!! My wife had Shrimp Creole, she liked it but wasn't great. The Seafood Gumbo was very good!
Will definitely be back and highly recommended!Great introduction into creole/Cajun cooking on our first night in New Orleans. 
I had fried chicken, roasted potatoes and green beans. Delicious! My husband tried the turtle soup, which he is still taking about 5 days later, as well as fried catfish and fries. 
I liked this place because it was a small neighborhood joint, outside of the French Quarter. We really felt like we were discovering a locals favorite hang out. Good service, great food. I would come back and try them out again.Comfortable atmosphere and huge portions. The almandine is wonderful noir service was fair and probably only reason we gave it 4 instead of 5.Mandina's was a recommendation from out Airbnb host as a great place for authentic creole food and great gumbo. The restaurant did not disappoint. Although there was about a 20 minute wait, it was absolutely worth it to experience the best of the best. Prices were affordable and the wait staff was very friendly. Service was quick and garlic bread was included. The building was an adorable pink two-story house and the atmosphere was comfortable and well lit. 
If we're ever in the city again, we'll pay Mandina's another visit. If you're going to do New Orleans, do it right!Ok so check it.  Mandina's. Right off Canal St.  Amazeballs menu.  Po Boys as big as your ass.  At least mine that is.  
Ordered the half soup/half Po Boy combo.  Out of control.  The seafood gumbo was soooooooooo good.  Added some Tabasco and this little cup here changed my life.  The shrimp  po boy was most excellent and that Remoulade sauce....ahhhh.  My half Po could have been a whole one for all I knew...then I saw the waiter bring out a whole one for someone else and almost fell off my chair.  Who could eat all that?  Well maybe I could, but I digress.  
Gotta deduct a star for the service...very sub-par.  I must have asked for my iced tea 5 times.   When I asked him about it the final time, he goes "oh ok".  Duh.  We also tried to order about 10 times, he kept walking past us. However the food is outstanding.   I loved how the place is so casual but all the waiters wear suits.  Will be back.  For the Po Boy that will go straight to my thighs, and I will love it. 
Ah Nawlins. Gimme some of that lovin.Turtle Soup w/Sherry...2 die 4.  Had Soft Shell Crab Bayou w/Shrimp Etoufee...Amazing.  So good brought half back home 2 make room 4 bread pudding, which sealed the deal.  Each Restaurant shown on HBO's Treme is The Best in New Orleans cooking!I went back to my birthplace for my 50th birthday with a group of friends and decided to go to Mandinas for our last night of the trip. It was a Sunday night and they had a 'limited menu' on this night. This place never disappoints. The service, atmosphere and food were all exceptional. When one of the members of our party had questions about the food the waiter pulled a chair up to the table to let her know he was in no hurry and happy to help. I had some eggplant shrimp and crabmeat casserole dish that was incredible. Enjoy if you take my adivce and go to this New Orleans institution.We went there a Sunday afternoon with my Girlfriend,I have ordered a roast beef Po-boy and my girlfriend ordered Shrimp Creole,My roast beef Po-boy was disgusting,The gravy wasn't even beef gravy and it was just blend no taste no flavor and roast beef was dry and way to much for a Poboy.
Shrimp Creole was a canned diced tomato stew with some boiled shrimp in it,I haven't taste anything but diced tomato from the Can in it,No Creole flavor it was terrible 
We won't be returning and I wouldn't advise anybody to go there.My family LOVES this place!! Everything that was ordered is delicious. My Aunt & Uncle are regulars here and are recognized but even with them not around you get treated like family.
Food... oh the food... I got smothered chicken ("don't you like seafood?") Their gravy is divine and so are the homemade mashed potatoes. Oyster Salad? Would you like some salad with your fried oysters? For real, and the remoulade dressing sets the bar. Onion Rings, Fried Eggplant sticks, Turtle soup, I CAN'T STOP! IT'S ALL GOOD. Portions are out of this world, too! This is a must stop for whenever we are in town, I definitely recommend anyone to give it a try! 
FYI - $$$ CASH ONLY!! $$$I don't feel like writing much today, so to be brief:
Seafood gumbo was too thick and slimy, not to mention lacking good strong flavr like gumbo should have.  Salt & Tabasco couldn't help this sad, sad dish.
Shrimp remoulade was a generous portion and pretty tasty, though I'd trade out some of the quantity for fried green tomatoes in a heartbeat, or even edible salad lettuce (romaine is great for this) underneath rather than the whitest 2 sheets of iceberg lettuce ever.
Catfish poboy was acceptable - needs more salt in the fry batter and less of something else I couldn't put my finger on, but that was overpowering the fish.  The bread was appropriate and good, though, very important for poboys.
In response to some other reviewers - their turtle soup uses veal - a number of restaurants around the city use beef or veal now, ask before if you really want to try turtle.
And to Margaret R. - the meat and gravy are supposed to be a little hard to handle when eating a roast beef poboy - a good one leaks, deal with it.  Now I haven't had them here so I don't know on flavor, but don't complain about messiness when eating a poboy.  Clear sign of a tourist ;)
Also, cops parked outside could mean that they're hired off-duty, just in case (in which case you ARE safe), or that they're hungry.  Sheesh.
Given that 3 stars is "a-ok", I have to go with 2.  The gumbo, at least, should not be served the way it was today.Their food is always great. We finally try the soft shell crab and it was a absolutely delicious. Big portions and tasty food. Definitely the place to go when you are really hungry.  Their service is great, they anticipate your needs and your cup is never empty, I love that. The wait can be a little long especially on the weekends.My friends picked me up at the airport and since it was time for lunch, we headed over to Mandina's-what a great place. we were seated fairly quickly and got drinks and started to peruse the menu. I got a cup of the seafood gumbo since I was warned that a bowl would be a full meal and I would be able to eat little else. I wanted to have oysters so I got the oyster po  boy-[oyster half loaf] which was filled with fried oysters-it was delicious-As i was eating, there were so many oysters in the sandwich they kept falling out no matter how I held the sandwich. My friends, who go their regularly were not as hungry since they go all the time and got the grilled shrimp sandwiches on toasted shole wheat. The meal was delicious. I would recommend and return.Another classic neighborhood establishment that deserves some more visits.  Great pasta dish, delicious gumbo and packed dining room made for a good evening for us.  Good prices, too.Want to add to my earlier review some other items of note. The okra gumbo here is great. It is rich thick full of shrimp and crab and very satisfying. I stopped in today with the intention of ordering the corned beef and cabbage. The corned beef looked great but the cabbage looked like it was just warmed up in hot water with some potatoes and taken out. I like my cabbage cooked down and caramelized till its a golden brown. They usually serve it that way but I guess today they wanted to cook it Irish style. My friend got a huge half shrimp salad and a cup of oyster and artichoke soup which was a very good deal for lunch only. The best soups are by far the turtle soup and gumbo.Mandina's wins on local charm inside. It's full of cheery people without feeling too crowded.  The food was pretty good, but I have a feeling it could be better. Maybe we just ordered the wrong thing? Our crew had pasta bordelaise, and it was pretty tasty.  A pork cutlet dish was disappointing, and spaghetti and meatballs was devoured by my son.  
The plates are enormous and definitely worth going halvsies with a friend. If we were to go back, I would try a po boy or other fried seafood dish - that's what the locals we were with ordered.We went during Krewe de Vieux and had no wait for a table.  Unfortunately, the food may have been sitting out all evening.  The oyster and artichoke soup was lukewarm and mushy throughout - had no texture whatsoever.  Two members of our party both ordered the turtle soup and were in the restroom sick within an hour of the meal.  Our waiter failed to bring the drinks we'd ordered to our table and had to be reminded multiple times.  Of the four of us, three had water with lemon and one had lemonade.  The watier continually tried to tell us the 4th water with lemon was lemonade.  Overall, he was rude to us throughout the meal.  Had high hopes as this is a New Orleans estsablishment, but would not recommend to anyone due to the food poisoning and poor service.Our party of 6 visited Mandina's for my birthday dinner on a recommendation from a friend, and I think I owe that friend a hug now.
This place obviously attracts some regulars. It was packed on a Saturday night, so I'd recommend reservations, particularly with a large party. Given how busy the restaurant was (we heard they had a party of 60+ in the back room), the service could not have been better. Even when we asked for split checks, the waiter handled it like a trooper.
Each of us ordered traditional Cajun dishes, and no one left disappointed. Crawfish etouffe, gumbo, catfish - everything was stellar. We finished off the night by sharing the bread pudding. Yum.Of the soups, the gumbo is the best, seconded by the turtle soup, with the artichoke being third.If you are looking for old New Awlins flavor, this is the place. Try the red beans and the veal cutlet.Great mom & pop style seafood restaurant.  Wine list is average but very palatable. They do have Italian, steaks and some sandwiches but trust me, stick with the seafood, you won't forget it.  The fried oysters (it's pronounced ersters) are divine, the shrimp are succulent and the soft shell crab (in season) is ambrosia.  The turtle soup is especially exceptional.Fantastic soft shell crab. Everything tastes fresh.  Menu is heavy on fried food.  Surprisingly and thankfully not a lot of tourists. Gets a healthy serving of judges and lawyers being close to Tulane and Broad. Can get packed for brunch or lunch on Fridays. I love this place.Must get the onion rings to start they are so good. Love when they have the open face BBQ shrimp poboy it's amazing!I really really like this place. One of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans. I recommend going with a small group and splitting the fried seafood platter as an appetizer and then getting their veal parmigiana as your entree. They do fried seafood so well and their red sauce is awesome! The trout (or soft shell crab) meunière is excellent too.Went here based on a recommendation, and I'd like to think they were just having an off-day because it was pretty bad (although I went on a weekend, and don't restaurants usually staff their best chefs on the weekends, since there are bigger crowds?).  
The catfish po-boy was bland, the catfish just tasted like some fried nondescript thing.  The shrimp remoulade was okay, but it was just a pile of cold (what I assume to be thawed) shrimp and some sauce over it - nothing spectacular.  The gumbo was really terrible, which is strange, because I'd heard it was good.  It was really bland and slimy (maybe too much okra?) and even though we tried to add salt and Tobasco, it couldn't be salvaged.  There are far better places to eat in New Orleans...Everything that I've tried here was delicious. The whole restaurant was PACKED when we arrived, but luckily we made a reservation. Positive vibes,  great food, will be returning.I love this place!!!  I grew up getting take out from here and I 'll come here when family comes in town.  They have the BEST Roast Beef Po'boy in town, and they also have the BEST Fried Oysters in town.My stomach can't handle heavy food, so Mandina's wasn't a great choice for me. My fault, I know! Even though I was starving, I got full after the first few bites. It's Italian/NOLA style so you've got to expect heavy.
Great that they have daily specials, so I tried the Trout Laffitte with Potatoes and Vegetables (Grilled Trout with Crawfish Etoufee) and my sis got the Fried Catfish with French Fried Potatoes. Trout was too smothered with sauce for me to actually taste the fish, but not bad. Unfortunately, all I remember was really liking the veggies (green beans) because I felt like I was hitting my limit. And the fries were bad.
Also tried the gumbo and turtle sherry soup. Really liked the gumbo, turtle sherry didn't seem very special. It was different though, worth a try. 
Love that the restaurant looks like somebody's house and is local, but I probably wouldn't come back again. Lines are too long anyways (get here before 5 if you don't want to wait).Was visiting New Orleans for Mardi Gras and this restaurant was right at the end of the street where I was staying.  Couldn't tell from the outside that it was a restaurant.  I was surprised that this place had so many reviews with a pretty good rating and was just right down the street, so decided to give this place a shot.  Went there for lunch and wanted to try something new orleans is known for.  Ended up trying the crawfish ettoufe.  I really liked it.  Now, I will be the first to admit that I am not sure what good New Orleans cajun/creole food is but the dish I had at this place was really good.  In addition, I was with a group of 7 and all of them enjoyed their dish even though it was a little pricy for young adults traveling.  Nevertheless, had a good meal.  
Definitely go check it out!Pretty solid local spot.  Had a bowl of the gumbo and it was a meal in itself.  Stayed stuffed for hours surprisingly bc I usually get hungry about every 3 hours or so.   Our server was fantastic.   I would def come back if I ever visit New Orleans againVery traditional Old New Orleans style food here.  We always take guests from out of town.  The food is reliably good and the service is never horrible, rarely great as they're always busy, but never horrible.  The menu is really diverse - Italian dishes, seafood dishes, salads, creole dishes, soups. They also have daily specials - but avoid the vegetable soup on Monday, very bland and tastes like it's out of a can.  They have one of the best Shrimp Creole dishes in the city though.For my money, the best combination catfish/shrimp po-boy (a close second is Mother's) in the city. Decent service. Great prices. 
You can get a whole catfish amandine dinner with salad, bread and bread pudding for under $20. 
Local flavor and local loyalty. 
Apparently, their meatballs are off the charts.Mandina's is a pretty good neighborhood restaurant but here's the problem. They don't take credit cards. They don't do seperate checks and therein lies the problem.
A few years ago,  a user group I belonged to had their late-night dinner at Mandina's as they usually did. I was in LA at the time but when I came back I found out Mandina's screwed them on the check. Charging them for items they didn't order and things like that.
Needless to say they never ate there again and instead went to places like Five Happiness and Miyako instead.
The food isn't terriible there at all. Actually, it's pretty good. It's just service brings it all down.This restaurant was recommended to me by my New Orleans hair stylist . I will give her another tip when I go back to her!!!! This establishment is awesome. Our waiter was Mike. He explained everything so well. Our table of 4 ordered different items and all 4 were extremly pleased with their selections. I got soft shell crab with almondine sauce. It was fabulous as was the turtle soup and eggplant creole. I just can't say enough about this restaurant. Make sure you visit during your visit to the Big Easy and ask for Mike.Went back to Mandina's after 10+ years.  Better than I remembered.  Their Turtle Soup was better than Commander's.  Now that is saying something.  Very few restaurants are worth a 45 minute wait.I really liked this place.  It is a local staple so you are unlikely to see too many tourists.  It was really really crowded when I went but I dont think that is the norm.  They have a nice bar and make great drinks while you wait if needed.  The menu was a lot of seafood.  I got the fish with shrimp remoulode (no clue how to spell this).  It was amazing.  Friend got some eggplant seafood thing that was also awesome.  The waiter was oldschool.  Born and raised in NOLA.  I love that.  Really awesome place.  Make reservations if you have more than 5 even though normally they say you dont need it.  I wish i hadnt been so full or I would have gotten dessert.  Really good stuffHands down, the best spaghetti and meatballs that I've ever had, and that includes what I ate in Rome itself. Very friendly staff and well versed on menu. My daughter had the spaghetti, and we also had a roast beef poboy and the special which was BBQ shrimp. These were also fantastic. I can't wait to go back!Back on my good side.  Seemed like they were struggling the last few times we ate here, service still not as friendly as before Katrina... but have to say the food has improved.  Had the roast beef poboy and fried oysters...both great.Good grief this place is great. Took a while to get seated as the lunch crowd lingered till past 2. The restaurant is not fancy but has a warm neighborhood feel. Staff is very courteous and friendly.
I had a cup of the gumbo for a starter and it was excellent. My wife had the turtle soup and raved about how good it was. Several of us selected the French fried potato and brown gravy po-boy. Just like it sounds: crisp  shoe string potatoes smothered in a generous portion of great tasting hot brown (beef) gravy on a great Po-boy roll.
My wife had the roast beef Po-boy, one grandson the meatball version. Both were very large and received raves on the taste. Neither were able to eat the entire sandwich due to its size. 
The other grandson had their house burger fully loaded. Huge and juicy. Served with a plate of crispy shoe string potatoes. No one had room for dessert so that will have to be assessed on my next visit.Awesome place for some good grub!  This is where the locals eat and I make sure to come every time I'm in town to get a Shrimp Po Boy - dressed ;-)Had dinner there twice this week. Outstanding food and service. A fun neighborhood restaurant with great seafood and professional and highly competent staff.  From a first class Old Fashioned cocktail to excellently prepared seafood.  Will return on our next visit.My family loves to celebrate special occasions at Mandina's. The food is incredible and pricing is reasonable. They have a fully stocked bar which will not disappoint. Whether it is for lunch or dinner, you will not be disappointed. Must try the gumbo!Only the BEST Sunday dinner in the city!  I must visit every time I'm in the city.  Mandina's is probably one of the places I miss the most. I've been away from home way too long.  If you get a take out order, please tip the ladies in the kitchen. They work super hard!Great local restaurant - if you grew up in New Orleans most remember their parents taking them here. The turtle soup and shrimp remoulade is excellent; however, I still prefer the spaghetti and meatballs. Prices are reasonable, atmosphere is typical New Orleans and there is off street parking.Always a favorite - dinner tonight: crab claws in wine sauce (appetizer): turtle soup and fish meunière (entrees). Yum! One of our favorites and a true New Orleans neighborhood restaurant. Can't go wrong!If I'd ordered this meal in Los Angeles I would have been delighted (fried shrimp and fries).  But  with so many other amazing food options in New Orleans I was under-whelmed by Mandina's. My friend had a very good drum fish almandine but again.....it was good...no complaints, but I wished I was at Royal House instead.  If this is your neighborhood restaurant, okay, but if you're a "food tourist" like me you'll wish you were still hungry.After several days in New Orleans, the locals recommended that I try Mandina's. Even though it was a couple miles away from my French Quarter hotel, the weather was perfect, and it seemed like a good destination to walk to. For those not in the mood for a walk, there is a cable car that runs up and down Canal St. I was told to seat myself, and the wait staff took excellent care of me. I went with the waiter's recommendation for the dinner, and I was not disappointed. Based on how good everything was, and the very reasonable price, this is a place that I'd go to on a regular basis, if I lived in the area. Highly recommend it.Came here on the recommendation of our Uber driver and were glad we did! The portions here are huge and there was a lot of variety. I got the pork chops and my friend got the spaghetti & meatballs. The meatballs are the size of baseballs, no joke. Both of us enjoyed our dinners. We also ordered the garlic bread and it was yummy; not shy on the garlic, which we both appreciated. This was our 2nd favorite restaurant during our week in NOLA. Service was a bit slow but it didn't hinder our experience. Would recommend giving it a try!What an awesome meal from an unassuming restaurant. The bar was fully staffed and fully stocked, the homemade Italian salad dressing was incredible, and the staff were gracious and hospitable. Portions are generous. Skip the garlic bread - the complimentary French bread is all you need. 
Probably the best thing - my companion ordered all sides, and the waitress recognized her as vegetarian, and started making suggestions - all of which were great. 
Highly recommended, and plenty of parking by the restaurant.quintessential new orleans neighborhood restaurant with plenty of character (or characters... if you're talking about some of the regulars and/or servers).  order the grilled shrimp salad, which, at 15 bucks and some change, is a steal since you get a small ocean full of shrimp on said salad.  
bonus: plenty of street parking. also, there's a lot next to the building for suburbanites with an aversion to parallel parking.Fast service from a decent middle-of-the-road restaurant. The server that took my order was friendly & straight up with the service assessment. He said it would take 15 minutes to prepare 10 sandwiches & ...it took about 18. So accurate as it could about get. 
My sandwich was he chicken breast. It was tasty & warm...just the way I ordered it.  Probably will never go again but it was decent.Mandina's is probably my favorite restaurant to eat at weekly in New Orleans. I'm from New York City/New Jersey so I know a good spaghetti and meatballs, but I LOVE Mandina's the best. I friggin love their sauce. Everything here is good and it's a very family friendly place. That's partly why I love it too!Southern Fried Chicken was delicious. Huge portion size. Friendly service. Casual neighbourhood restaurant. Plain and simple.Average food and service and extremely over-priced. Ordered a dish with grilled shrimp and they were anything but grilled. Bread was not fresh. The classic NOLA restaurant that gets customers because it is popular... Touristy? Plenty of better options out there. Went once and that was enough. Never going back again.The shrimp po'boy is my favorite in the whole city.  It's not about "quantity" but quality.  The homemade  tartar sauce is awesome, and if you order for pickup-they keep your sandwich on the oven so it will stay warm for you. ;)
It's a "power lunch" place, and you will find notable persons in here (if they know what good food is).  Realistically, you could order anything from a sandwich, to seafood, to a steak-  and it's going to be perfect.  Kind of like Maspero's, Emeril's, Chinese Kitchen, Mother's;  they are great  at what they do and you cannot go wrong no matter what you order. It is a classic New Orleans staple.Food was overall very poor. My friend got the creole shrimp and rice with peas,a Saturday special, and it lacked any flavor. The food was garbage. The whole plate didn't have any flavor much less "Cajun." I had grilled catfish and the gumbo. After having gumbo at luizzas by the track and loving it there I hoped for a similar experience with this gumbo. Again it was garbage. The gumbo lacked any flavor, the rice was terrible, even the shrimp was poorly crafted. No part of the gumbo was good. The grilled catfish, however, was really good. It was well seasoned and almost perfectly cooked. The bread was great though...GO ELSEWHERE FOR A BETTER EXPERIENCE, I put that in caps just to better let you know my point. I don't mean to be too harsh with the place but it just sucked. Don't come here there are better restaurants for the price and quality. good luck and enjoy!!!Po'boy was ok, nothing special. Not enough mesh between the ingredients. Felt a bit stuffy in the restaurant, not quite sure what it was. Service was good.I'm giving this place twobecause even though I wasnt really a fan my fiance loves this place. I should also mention he is a native and has been going here for years. This is your classic neighborhood NOLA place. Not much on the menu that isnt deep fried, covered in mayo or prepared with iceburg lettuce. 
I ordered the seafood gumbo and a grilled cheese sandwich. The gumbo was spicy and good with plenty of shrimp. The grilled cheese was soggy bunny bread with a barely melted sice of american cheese (for 6 bucks) and highly dissapointing. I should have got the big gumbo and just stuck with the free french bread. My fiance got some sort of fried fish with a buttery sauce pored over the top. It was so well done the bite I had felt like bones crunching in my mouth.
That being said, he and his family abslolutley love it, so don't take my word for it...unless you like lighter fare, because you wont find it here.Prompt service, good food, reasonable prices, attentive workers...for my first experience I was quite pleased.Sunday, October 29, 2017 went to Mandina's after church.  It was half empty.  We, Black people, ordered appetizers.  We were never asked for drink orders.  Then appetizers came, we then ordered soup and entrees.  We were seated upstairs.  There were two large parties (6at each table), four tables of three (we were one) and each table (not ours) ordered and were served appetizers, soup/salads and entrees.  We were the only black people in there.  After appetizers ALL 5 other tables received all courses and still we were waiting.  We were told by waiter it was coming twice and only after we asked for our entrees.  After 40 minutes we cancelled our orders paid and as we were leaving I complained to the Manager all he said was ok. No apology! Horrible and despicable.  
Mercadel, Esq.  I am telling everybody I know of this awful prejudicial treatment.Great food, HUGE quantities. Like, HUGE.
Their Italian food is great - I've had the eggplant parm (possibly the best I've had) and their gigantic meatballs. The eggplant was perfectly cooked, surrounded in a delicious fry that was still crunchy, with not too much cheese and not too chewy, and covered in tasty tomato sauce. Their meatballs are the size of a softball, delicious, and moist.
Their fried food is also great. I personally wish they'd cut back on portions and price, but splitting is the go to option. Wine is $3 for happy hour...
Great neighborhood cajun/Italian place.My husband and I stumbled on to this place on our first visit to New Orleans. We were driving around looking for a place to eat away from the tourist area of french quarter for lunch and we spotted Mandina's.
The place is old looking, as matter of fact, the waiter told me that this place has been there since the 30's and the decor hasn't changed.
The food was really good. My husband and I shared seafood platter which included Fried shrimp, Catfish and oyster with french fry's. it also come with salad and bread pudding for around $20. It was more food than we can finish. we left there happy and stuffed. I have no doubt in my mind that we will be going back there again on our next trip there.SO GOOD! The food here is absolutely amazing! Definitely the best restaurant that I've tried in Nola (I've only been here twice though, so take this with a grain of salt). The only reason I give them 4 stars is that the restaurant gets so packed that the wait for dinner gets really long; we had about a 45 minute wait and then another 20 minute wait for our food. And unfortunately, Mandina's does not take reservations, so I would suggest arriving really early on to avoid the long lines. 
The restaurant is a pretty casual place; they do have a full bar and a couple of TVs for people to stay at while they're waiting for the line. But it gets really tight fast. There is a back room that is a little quieter, and a small alcove with a couple of electronic slot machines (pretty random). As for service, all of the waiters/waitresses/hosts/bartenders were really nice. They were a bit frazzled because of the large volume of customers, but otherwise, they did a splendid job.
Food, literally everything was delicious:
1. Onion Rings -- Great thing to order while waiting in line. The best part about these onion rings is that the onion doesn't fall out of the batter! They actually stick together, crazy! 
2. Shrimp Creole -- If you like tomatoes, then you will love this dish. The shrimp was a tad bit over cooked and the sauce was a little sweet, but honestly, still the best shrimp creole I've ever had.
3. Side Salad-- GET THE ITALIAN SAUCE. I know that this sounds really weird, but I have to say that the Italian sauce that came with the salad was probably my favorite part about this meal.
4. Bread Pudding -- By the time this came, I was so full that I could barely take a bite. However, the small bite I did have was delicious. Be warned though, it has raisins.Great food, Nice setting. Had Oyster stuffed chicken breast that was great. 
Taken here by a local, because this is where both locals & tourists go.Everything was great. I'm glad I have them another try. I had family in from out of town and they wanted to eat here. Everything from the service to the food was outstanding.After extensive research, it was decided to go there for a big group. A call was made to see if they could accommodate 20-25 people. Assurances were made they could. So reservations were made.
We get there and were sat immediately... And that's pretty much the end of what was good about our visit.
It took 40 minutes to finally take our orders and then, at least 80 minutes to get our food... Which many of the dishes weren't even warm!
When the manager was contacted, he blamed the size of the party, and that some ordered appetizers as for why the food was cold. But, if they couldn't handle the size of the party, they shouldn't have said that they could handle a party that size. They only assigned one waitress to deal with 22 people. Which, to me, is also the managers fault for not preparing for the large party, because the reservations were made weeks in advance and a call was made, that day, verifying the reservation. 
So, the manager was unwilling to make amends for their​ mistakes and was totally alloof to deal with. Had it not been for the waitress who tried to make things right, this rating would be worse.
As for the taste of the food, it was actually pretty good, if you could get past the fact that it was cool.
So I'm giving them 2 stars. I'd have given three had it not been for the manager and the way he dealt with us.Fantastic service and food! We chose this place for our last night in Lousiana, I wish we had went sooner! We would have returned atleast once more. I got a cup of oyster/artichoke soup, I should have gotten a bowl, it was that delicious! I also got the chicken parm, Omg the best I have ever had and my husband got the roast beef poboy, it was good, but he ended up eating the rest of my meal since I couldn't finish it because it was so big! This will be our first stop when we return to New Orleans!I've been to mandina's twice now and I have enjoyed both visits. On the first, I went with traditional New Orleans fare such as seafood and gumbo. On the second visit, I went with Italian, which they also do well. The chicken parm was perfect -- a giant piece of chicken that was fried crispy on the outside and was tender on the inside, over a HUGE bed of pasta. It also came with a salad and dessert. You get enough food for at least 2 meals, and the leftovers were just as good the day after for lunch. The service is really good here too. Everyone is very nice and accommodating. I'd definitely recommend this place to natives and tourists alike.Comfort Food in Comfortable Surroundings
Mandina's has been around for many, many years.  It is loud and boisterous and very casual.  The food is solidly good and flavorful.  Nothing is fancy or fussy or nouveau.  Prices are reasonable and portions are generous.  Our server was friendly and helpful.
We started with an appetizer of shrimp remoulade which was delicious.  We moved on to a delicious cup of artichoke and oyster stew.  Our group enjoyed several different entrees.  None of them would set the world on fire but all were very good.The turtle soup with a splash of sherry is excellent, I ordered the creole eggplant and did not like it, very rich and heavy in my opinion, the bread pudding came with meal and was delicious.Mandina's first came to my attention in an interivew with my beloved Harry Connick Jr. back in 2002 or 2003 When he was asked what his favorite restaurants in NOLA were. That reccomendation got us there the first time, but we have been going back ever since because it's wonderful!  It's been remodled since the levee failure, but the food is the same. We have never been disappointed with anything we've ordered. My husband loves the daube, my son the spaghetti and the burgers. I loved the pork chops and the mufaletta is good too. 
It's nice that its out of the French Quarter, we like to ride the streetcar up, enjoy a relaxing dinner and ride back. 
They have a really big menu, there is something to please everyone here. Just thinking about it makes me want to go back now!I've only spent about two weeks in New Orleans, but this is easily the worst food I've had here. The turtle soup was good, but the shrimp creole was absolutely disgusting.
One of my friends used the men's room and said he heard mice or rats scurrying above him in the ceiling tiles. Yuck.
9/26/18 update: I wrote my above review in April of 2014. Apparently the management takes 4.5 years to respond to complaints (see below). I'm guessing the customers' experience  is not a priority for them. I stand by my above review. Find somewhere else to eat. There are so many delicious alternatives in this city.I ordered their seafood gumbo and it was everything I ever wanted in a gumbo. The atmosphere is really chill and our hostess was super helpful. I would definitely go back and recommend this place to my friends.So sad.
I have wanted to try this place forever and when my sister came in town we made it there for dinner on Monday.
It was crowded, but we were seated within a few minutes and I was happy to have a great seat by the window.
It was very bright for a traditional Italian/creole place and I thought they needed to take the lights down by about half.  Although, if they did, our server may have forgotten us completely.
The waitress appeared to be sedated, or just really unprofessional.  She had extreme difficulty explaining the menu questions.  She never returned with our waters after we placed our orders so we had to flag down another waitress, who was obviously busy with other customers to do it. 
Our waitress re-appeared in the dining room to wait on other tables half a dozen times, but ignored us completely.  We always had to call her over, she never seemed phased by any indication that we were unhappy, or that the wait was sort of getting ridiculous.  
After nearly an hour, our appetizers came out...sort of.  I ordered turtle soup, we had calamari, and a salad.  A tray with turtle soup, calamari, and salad came to our table, the calamari and salad got set down, and she turned to another table to deliver the soup.
Perturbed, but keeping it together, we politely asked if the soup was coming out.  She just said "Yeah" and walked away.
When our food came out everything was really good, which was the saving grace of the night.  We had so much left over that we wanted to box things up.  UNFORTUNATELY the waitress never came back to our table to ask if we wanted dessert or coffee, ask if we needed boxes, or anything.  We asked a bus boy if he could send her over and he bluntly said "No".  Who is training these people?
My sister got up and went to the bar, and said "Can you just run our tab.  Our waitress abandoned us and we have to go."  Finally the waitress came running over to the bar and said "I will bring it to you".  She continued to serve other tables in our dining area and never brought us the check.  My sister had to AGAIN get up and ask her for the check. "I'll bring it to you!"  She hadn't even run it.
When she delivered the check, the CHECK wasn't in there.  So my sister had to go up and ask yet again.  "Oh, it isn't in there?  I put it in there."  NO IT ISN'T!  "Oh, here it is."  
On the way out she just said "Thaaaanks have a good night".
What a nightmare.  Is this the type of place that only regulars get treated well?  
Skip it.Food was mediocre at best.  Only good part was meatball sandwich.  Desert was bland and we had a big party ordering different types of desert.  To top it all off, my tea was served with an entire lid inside!!CASH ONLY vut they have an ATM, this New Orleans institution lives up to it's reputationI come here for lunch and get a bowl of Turtle Soup with Sherry!  It is so delicious.  They have great service.My first trip to Nola and I stumbled upon the perfect introduction to this southern haven... 
So you walk in and you can tell from the get-go this is the real deal..  Nola is a cross between classy French and southern hospitality... Creole. I gotta say... Mandinas had nailed Nola... Only thing missing was a jazz band to tie it all together. But hey, it was only 2p in the afternoon.
Greeted by a young, Southern gentleman... Cute as a button with light humor that kicked off my vacation in good spirits.. he treated us to some warm French bread that was by far the best of all the joints that my bestie and I went to.. the bread was toasty warm, crisp on the outside and warm/fluffy on the inside. Yum!!! I started simple with a fried shrimp po boy and a cup of gumbo... Accompanied by a nice full body Brown ale to fill my belly and warm me up from the chilly afternoon. 
The shrimp po boy was tossed in a light crispy batter, with the tartar sauce obviously made in house that was delish, but oh boy that gumbo... That gumbo was wholesome, fresh and piping hot!! It was seasoned to perfection unlike others that I have tried that always lacked in flavor and heat... This gumbo will be hard to beat. Authentic is what I tasted and I'm not even a native New Orleans resident. The local Brown ale was slightly sweet and nutty which merried with the spice of my dish and helped wash it all down. 
Our server almost convinced us to try the milky way pie... But after what I ate... There was simply no room for it, unfortunately... 
Mandinas though... One of my favorites except for the beignets at Cafe du Monde... But that's a whole notha genre in itself.I had never had turtle soup before so I tried it. It was OKAY but I wouldn't order it again. However, on the other hand, the shrimp and pasta was DELISH and the portion was big enough for a second person. I would definitely recommend Mandinas.The food here was really good! Definitely recommend! They have lots of creole options that are quite tasty! I had the gulf trout topped with crawfish etoufee and potatoes and green beans!Omg I ordered eggplant parmesan with spaghetti it was huge a small family could have eaten it for a meal. It was awesome the waiter was exceptional I ordered it with no cheese & he came back to let me know that the breadcrumbs they fry the eggplant in has cheese in it you don't get that kind of service elsewhere.Mandina's reminds me of back in the days, when the worker's worked hard and the food was prepped to perfection...
Love the specials at this place:
Fresh Daily Special
Sunday Brunch, Lunch, Dinner is all great at this place!!Amazing friend oysters and sauce to go with it. Probably the best fried food I've had.After a long weekend of fancy dinners and public drunkenness in New Orleans, I was ready for something different, something special, something totally authentic and unpretentious.
Hooray Mandina's!  I'll tell you this - it's simplicity the way it should be. Everybody's nice and forthcoming. The dining room is functional, not overly fussy, but not a mess. The food is straightforward and honestly prepared. This isn't three-star stuff here, people - it's GOOD FOOD. Leave Michelin at home, that snippy little snob. If you want to get a little messy and leave full and happy, this place will do the job right. 
My travel buddy and I had a fantastic meal to cap off our weekend in Nola. Salads to start, gumbo and turtle soup, followed by a shrimp and oyster po-boy with the best remoulade and pickles I could have asked for. Uncomplicated stuff made the way it should be. It was fast, affordable, and tasty. A child jumped on me on the way to the bathroom, and the guys at the bar gave us tips on what to see next time we were in town. We felt at home, really. No need to conduct oneself nicely, just sit back and stuff yer face. Mandina don't mind.Delicious--one of our favorite restaurants.  There's a reason it's usually crowded.  I love the turtle soup with a splash of sherry and the gulf fish meunière.  Both dishes are well seasoned and very tasty.  The fish was fresh drum from the gulf which was lightly fried with a perfect brown roux based sauce which was absolutely delicious.  The turtle soup is made with veal and no turtle--should be called mock turtle--but it's wonderful.  I also had the roasted sliced potatoes, which were seasoned with garlic and other herbs.  The other potato choices are boiled and frozen French fries.  Yes, they admitted they serve FROZEN French fries and that's why I only  gave 4 stars.  I don't eat frozen French fries ever--not even at home.  If you're charging $20 a plate,  you better peel some potatoes!  The  bread pudding was OK but somewhat dry.Amazing food has ate grilled fish incredible. Great service and wonderful local feel. Would come back again and againWhat a lovely spot for a home style dinner in Mid City! Mandina's gets packed but it is definitely worth the wait. 
As we soon learned, a meal here is much more than the entree you order. Each comes with a salad and bread pudding for dessert. The portions are huge so it all adds up to quite a feast! In fact, my friend and I even split an entree and couldn't finish everything. 
Our main priority was trying as many of the unique dishes as possible. We started with the turtle soup and had the shrimp etouffee for our entree. Loved the chewiness of the turtle and the spicy Cajun flavor of the soup. The etouffee wasn't as flavorful - reminded me of vegetable soup - but the shrimp itself was INCREDIBLE. Hands down the best shrimp I've ever had. Tender with no crunch, they melted in my mouth. Truly have never had shrimp like that. Shout out to the spicy Italian dressing and bread pudding for a perfect start and end to the meal. 
Loved the vibe of the dining room. Bright room with specials written on chalkboard. Very warm friendly feel that matched the home style cooking well.First time in New Orleans... was told about this spot by a local uber driver. Based on Yelp reviews me & my girl started with turtle soup with sherry & seafood gumbo... OMG YESSSSSSS yes yes yes do this. 
Then split soft shell crab with salad instead of fries... super yummy. I'm not a big fried food person but I can't knock the restaurant for that because it was fried crab for god sakes but definitely not a healthy meal. Glad we got salad instead of fries because their homemade Italian was AMAZING and a lil spicy just the way we like it!!As one of my dear friends, and fellow Neuroradiologist, is wont to say:  "It is what it is!"
I have never been quite sure what that means.
But, applied to Mandina's 3800 Canal, "It is what it is!" does mean something.  and, something important.
Decades ago, when I was young and slim, New Orleans had dozens of "neighborhood" eateries similar to Mandina's.  Sadly, none were left open when we got back after the Katrina floods episode.
The City was eerily quiet, smelled of mud, and it seemed everything was in disrepair.
The flood-damaged Mandina's was cleaned, repaired, re-modeled, and re-opened.  It took the owner and her crew over a year to get the kitchen back to its prior dependability.  But, BACK it did come;  bigger and better than ever.  
We watched as several others tried in vain to "get back to normal", and we diners faced disappointment after disappointment.  
Of course, the undamaged places stayed open or re-opened soon, some recovering nicely, and others not.
But, Mandina's kept chugging along, continuing improvements, and is now the ONLY old-time "neighborhood bistro style eatery" which is both very good and consistent.
We always insist that our out-of-town visitors have one meal at Mandina's, to get some of the flavor of "Old New Orleans."
So, night before last, we trod the familiar path to 3800 Canal.  No softshells, yet, so I had the stuffed shrimp with potato salad and Wife had the Shrimp pasta Bordelaise; both excellent and both way too much for one meal, so we're having Mandina's leftovers tonight.
Yes, Cynthia; You do get your FIVE STARS back, and you do deserve them !
Congratulations !
RickAmazingly slow sit down and service leads to quite a wait at the standing room only bar. That's ok. Sazeracs from the bar are tough to beat and the po-boys are incredible.My friend and I were staying at a BnB across the street and noticed that this restaurant was constantly packed. We decided to visit on a Sunday evening for supper. Upon entering there is an old bar to the left. It have a very cool vintage feel with the dark wood details. We were seated under an a/c vent and due to the good ol' New Orleans heat, the vent was dripping on us. We moved over a table and it was fine. We ordered calamari for our appetizer, my goodness it was so tasty and the marinara sauce was chunky and flavorful. I ordered the fried chicken special. The meal included a salad, fried chicken, mash potatoes, peas and bread pudding for dessert. My friend ordered the sausage sandwich and that came with pickles and fries. We could not believe how delicious our meals were. I saw a bit of heaven as I bit into this crunchy, moist, chicken leg. The mash potatoes with gravy would make my grandma blush. I'm telling you, it was FANTASTIC. My friend loved her meal too. She said the sausage had a crisp casing and a perfect blend of seasoning. We were so full after a few bites we had to take it home. If we are ever in Louisiana again, we would make a special stop here.Mandina's is a neighborhood staple that generations of families have enjoyed. We went on Lundi Gras night, so it was PACKED. That being said, we only had to wait for about 15 minutes for a table. Granted, it was a table tucked back in a crowded corner, but it was a table nonetheless.  
Their menu is quite large, and other than not really being very descriptive of menu items and sides, is well organized. I like how it tells you if a menu item is going to take a particularly long time (like the broiled chicken and it's 45 minute cooking commitment). 
I ordered the boneless, fried chicken breast. It came with green beans and a boiled potato as sides (listed only as vegetable and potato in the menu). The chicken was good, the green beans were fantastic, and the potato was just ok. I would have preferred if the potato side would have been mashed or au gratin, but I get the boiled potato being culturally significant. We had onion rings to start off the meal, and they were quite tasty. I hear the crab fingers are delicious as well, but cannot speak to that personally. 
I love that this place is such a staple to Mid-City. I mean our waiter was probably 137 years old and has, most certainly, been there his entire adult life. People talk about how they came here with their parents and grandparents. I hope it never changes!It was a nice place. But too busy at times and waitress are kinda rude also there was a hair in my steak . Worst experience in my time in NOLAGot an order of half loaf with fried shrimp. The shrimp was breaded and fried perfectly.I had to split my chicken parmesan, because I didn't want to go into a food coma. A mix of Italian food with a New Orleans flare.I am only giving this a 1-star because the system doesn't allow zeroes. On the strength of the Yelp reviews my family had its only meal in New Orleans here that last time we visited. Omigosh. While the fried eggplant fingers were passable, anyone could have made these. Meanwhile my shrimp ettouffe still scares me to think about it. The shrimp were spongy and tasteless and the ettouffe lacked character. While the corn side dish was tremendous, I couldn't get over the shrimps' lack of texture and taste. Meanwhile our waiter seemed oblivious to the fact none of us were eating our meals and boisterously spoke about how we were clearing our plates with gusto. Never again.This place is a must stop every time I visit NOLA with my family.  It is a streetcar ride away from the busy French Quarter, located in Mid-City. You can never go wrong with the Oyster Po'Boy. The bread should be crispy and flaky on the outside, and soft on the inside. Top that off with the "fixin's" - pickles, hot sauce, lettuce, mayo, etc., and you'll quickly find yourself indulging in one of the best culinary creations known. This isn't just a sub sandwich; Po'Boy restaurants are as much a part of personal identity as the neighborhood you grew up in.Old school neighborhood New Orleans.  Or at least to my knowledge as an outsider what I would consider that to be.
- Delicious crab fingers
- The vegetable soup was full of flavor and a little pop
- The creole catfish was a little boring, but a little hot sauce turned it into a something borderline special
- Nicely paced serviceHad the meatballs today and they were great. Much better experience than in the past especially since they now take credit cards. The meatballs were better than Venezia. Still a bit pricey but your paying for the nameMandina's has a retro feel, when you walk in the door. The servers are wearing white shirts and bow ties. It looks like they have left everything as is, and it is known as a classic neighborhood restaurant from 1932. We wanted something very New Orleans, that we couldn't get at home. They serve Cajun items and good home cooked foods.
Even though they were packed, we were quickly seated, greeted, served, and on our way. Our server was very friendly and answered any questions. We ordered the chicken and the pork chop with red beans and rice. I wished that I also got the red beans and rice, because it had such good flavor! The portions were huge, but so good! I would definitely go back, for a good real meal at a good price!great turtle soup, gumbo, soft shelled crab and catfish.Great place with awesome staff. The crab fingers and GUMBO are delicious. Everything the staff recommended was perfect. Nice place to come with friends and enjoy!Not "Cajun" or "Creole"; but still very, very good !
After a Noon time funeral yesterday, we headed for Mandina's 3800 Canal, for a slightly late lunch.  
There, we encountered a number of fellow-mourners.
Both the "buster crab remoulade" and the regular fried shrimp platter were excellent, as usual!
COLD coldbeer, great full bar, plenty protected on-site parking in lot.  Even the "waiting line" is a pleasure.
Loud, gigantic servings, rustic digs; we just LUVVITT !  This is REAL New Orleans; no tourist tricks here; but tourists are very welcome.  Take the "Red Car Line", tell them you are headed to Mandina's on Canal.
If you have only two meals in New Orleans; one of them should be here at 3800 Canal !
Rick
p.s.  As this is an Italian "Creole" Restaurant, their regular Italian-American dishes are all very good.  And, although not real "Cajun", Mandina's fried seafood dishes are fried "Cajun-style", and have been very good.   In fact, this is one of the best fried-seafood places in the area.I love their red beans, only served on Mondays though,  the fried oysters, to me, are the best in New Orleans, and you get a bunch!  Usually I get the seafood platter and share it because it is so large!  Tasty though.  I usually try to get there before 5:30 PM to beat the crowd because they do come after that time!  Lunch is always crowded, you will have to wait, for dinner there is a serious waiting period, but worth the wait.  The gumbo is DELICIOUS!  Yeah, be prepared to be rolled out in a wheelbarrow after meals, you will be plenty full!  Yeah, I highly recommend them.This is always my go to place when I come to New Orleans. It's about as New Orleans as you get. The location is a classic the setting is a classic. Every lunch it's crowded. My go to item used to be the trout almandine. They've change this to fish of the day almandine. When it was the trout it was the bomb. The seafood of the day today was drum.
I have to say I don't think drum almandine was as good as the trout. To be honest, I was underwhelmed. If it is still been trout almandine this place would have five stars. Stick to the fish that works with the dish.Had an absolutely amazing lunch here! The wait time was around an hour, may be it's because it was mardi gras but the food was absolutely worth the wait. 
They have a bar so we just had few drinks while waiting. They have some refreshing and revitalizing Bloody Mary's! 
Food was just amazing. The fish I got was really good.We have been going to Mandinas for years, but hadn't been in a couple of years. Today we went for lunch. It was busy, but only a few minute wait. When we saw the current prices we were shocked. $24.00 for a Catfish po boy with no sides. We ate anyway and the food and service was great as usuall, but with those prices we won't be back.Waited almost an hour to be seated. The place was packed. Calamari appetizer was the best. Large portions. Fried seafood platter the shrimp was best. Could have kept that crab ball. Eggplant was ok. Was out of stuffed shrimp and oysters.Just ok.
This place was both a hit and a miss for me. What I really liked about it was that it seemed to be filled to the brim with locals. The atmosphere was homey and a bit loud. Our server was attentive, fast, and was quick to give recommendations that turned out to be really good! 
The miss for me definitely had to be the food. If I had to sum up Mandina's in one word, it would be cholesterol. I'm pretty sure mine went up several notches after eating my seafood platter, ladened with fried goods that didn't seem to be drained properly before being served up. Don't get me wrong, I love me some fried food, but the breading on the seafood platter was just too heavy and greasy. I went home feeling like I'd swallowed a gallon of paste. Ugh. 
Needless to say, the turtle soup was divine. Definitely the star of the show for me. Will I go back? Maybe. It's definitely convenient and the prices are pretty reasonable.We made this spot a destination at the beginning of our trip, as they only serve red beans & rice on Mondays. The order is large enough to split. A very charming spot.Last stop before we came back to Alabama and decided to stop in for our last dinning experience. The greeting was great! 
The appetizer was calamari, which was not my favorite. It was very chewy. Wasn't a fan and still not. 
However, I ordered the catfish and shrimp combo which was great! Also ordered the onion rings which were my favorite!
Will be back but not my favorite.I had the fried shrimp platter it was okay my husband had the cheeseburger which I do not recommend and my daughter had the roast beef po-boy which was amazing if I ever go back that's what I'll be gettingSo. Much. Food.
But so yummy! Great service, great prices and great food. Definitely a gem of the city!
what did we order?
I had the meatballs and spaghetti, my son had the grilled shrimp over pasta bordelaise and our uncle had chicken parmesan...all YUMMY.  And now I am hungry thinking about those meatballs!Everything was great. I'm glad I have them another try. I had family in from out of town and they wanted to eat here. Everything from the service to the food was outstanding.We went this past Sunday for a post baptism luncheon with friends.  We were not impressed.  However, we didn't order any signature/recommended dishes.  Several ordered sandwiches which came out cold instead of hot.  Had to ask the waitress to take them back.  She was kind and apologetic.  We figured they sat until the hot dishes we ordered were ready to come out and that is why they got cold.  Not her fault but unacceptable.  Service was good considering how busy it was that day.  I got the fried shrimp plate and they were good.  Husband got the roast beef, dressed, and it was soggy and not very flavorful.  A few others got the meat ball sandwich and they barely ate half because it didn't taste great.  The veal got good reviews as well as another hot dish I can't remember. I doubt I would go here again when there are so many other places in New Orleans that are so much better.We were looking for some place near by, not too terribly expensive, and with some "new orleans classics" for my friend's first full day here.  Since mandina's is right down the street and I know the menu offers a fair amount of variety that's where we went.
I don't know what was going on, but it was packed for 2 o'clock on a sat.  We got deated pretty quickly though and sat down to pick out our food.  Stephen ordered the half a friend chicken and subbed peas in for french fries, jess got the trout menuire, and I finally decided on the chicken parm.  The food came out timely. The waitress was super friendly, and we chowed down.  Stephen loved the chicken and jess was all over the trout though none of us knows what a menuire sauce really has in it and couldn't really get an explanation about any of it, my chicken parm was very tasty.... but if you mess up chicken parm you have many problems.  Unfortunately when the peas came out I was once again faced with that one part of old school nola dining that horrifies me.... canned peas.  Who... tell me who... likes those mushy grey tasteless things?  Both stephen and I love peas... fresh peas and frozen peas are fine... but when those things showed up we both blanched and wretched a little.  He tried them.  I wasn't getting near them.  (Crescent city steak does this too and I do not understand it)
When the bill came I was surprised to realize this was still a cash only operation.  Wish there would have been a sign.  At least we were prepared... magically somehow.
It was good.  I'd go 4 star if it wasn't for the peas and the fact that is seems that I can get a fair amount of that menu at liuzza's for cheaper and not as crowded.  ($9 for a half a catfish poboy?!  I just can't justify that)There's something irresistible about a big pink house whose neon signs brag that it's air-conditioned. You know it has to have been around a long time, and in this town that means a lot. I love eating at places where there are at least as many locals as tourists, and it's easy to see why. It's comfortable and not the least bit pretentious; the servers treat you like a neighbor and the menu looks like it was printed years ago, long before the terms "coulis," "crudo," and "gastrique" were invented.
And the food is homey, New Orleans Creole and Italian fare. We started with gumbo, which was yummy; next time I'll order the turtle soup because I've never had it and all the Yelpers rave about it. I swear I had a barbeque shrimp po'boy even though it doesn't seem to be on their published menu now. Whatever it was, I loved it, ate all the shrimp and every scrap of bread that had any sauce on it. Yelper Daughter had shrimp étouffée which was also delicious, even when I finished off the leftovers one morning for breakfast!I love this place. They were one of the first to reopen after the storm. I really like the Italian-Creole style of food and the atmosphere is classic New Orleans neighborhood culture. My favorite entree is the Creole Eggplant off the Sunday Menu with shrimp and crabmeat. It is very rich and filling.I had much higher expectations as quite a few Yelpers gave out 4 and 5 star ratings. IMO, the food is really average. I enjoy casual local eateries, which is what Mandina's is all about. But I was expecting much better quality. It seems as though Mandina's is all about quantity rather than quality. The portions are enormous!
We ordered veal Parmesan and a wedge salad. This gigantic hunk of iceberg lettuce was served with fresh sliced tomatoes, but none of the extras that I am accustomed to, such as bacon bits, chopped egg, red onions etc.... The blue cheese dressing served appeared to be the he processed bottle variety like Kraft, with no hunks of real cheese. We did enjoy the Italian dressing however, which had a tangy kick thanks to some added creole spices. 
The Veal Parmesan was very heavily breaded and fried, more batter than meat. The red sauce was average. Altogether disappointing. 
As I looked around and strolled though the restaurant to catch a glimpse of what other patrons were eating, (because sometimes you just order the wrong thing) I observed massive quantities of fried foods on the majority of tables. Fried to the point of revolting. Not one healthy, fresh menu item to be seen!
Frankly, with all the dining options NOLA offers, no reason to return!The food was just as expected for a New Orleans landmark like Mandina's. Classic dishes like Gumbo, Poboys, Turtle Soup, and Crawfish Etouffee pepper the menu - they do it all and do it REALLY well. 
On the day that I went for lunch, they had a special for 1/4 poboy and a cup of soup for $11.95. WOOT! Because I had Turtle Soup the night before at Bon Ton and because I've had Mandina's Turtle Soup before (and it is LEGENDARY), I passed and got the Artichoke and Oyster soup with a Shrimp Poboy. The Artichoke and Oyster was just the right consistency, not as thin as chicken soup but not creamy like a bisque - very enjoyable on this cold (read: 65 degrees) New Orleans day. My only gripe was the oysters were finely chopped and not halved or left whole, so you were only getting the essence of the oyster, not the actual oyster. If the oyster was whole, I'm pretty sure this would have been the perfect soup. The Shrimp Poboy was good, stuffed to the gills with shrimp, but their tartar sauce was the real star. WOW. I won't lie, I slathered my poboy with it and then just ate the leftover tartar with a spoon, it was that awesome.
The whole experience was delightful, although I will say the service was a little stiff for my taste. The waiter was on the antisocial side and performed the minimal amount of service needed to secure a tip. It may be a business lunch mentality (get in, get paid, turn that table quickly) from the waitstaff because everyone else we encountered was very pleasant, but it is worth noting. 
I will be back next time I'm in that neighborhood!Atmosphere makes you feel like you're at home. Ordered oyster artichoke soup and it came with only one complimentary oyster. Shrimp Poboy was one of the best I've ever eaten. Looking forward to trying other dishes but will stay away from the soup.Very great historic restaurant in New Orleans.
The portions are extremely generous.
The prices are average for the area
Waitstaff was attentive and professional
The drawback would be the parking, but it's like that everywhere in NOMy meal at Mandinas was not as good as I hoped it would be, but was an okay dinner. My husband and I started with the crab claws and turtle soup. The crab claws were sitting in a huge pool of sauce, yet didn't seem to have much flavor....we added salt and pepper in hopes of bringing out some flavor. The turtle soup was very thick, almost like a stew, and had a strong clove taste to it. Not my cup of tea, but not bad. The house made Italian salad dressing was excellent! For our entrees he got the eggplant parmesan and I got the chicken parmesan. Both the eggplant and the chicken were fried nicely and had a great flavor. But we did have to add salt to our pasta to bring up the flavor. And I removed a good bit of cheese, it was just too much for me (but that's a personal preference). The desserts were delicious- Milky Way pie and a custard cup. Overall, more seasoning and attention to small details would have made this an excellent meal!I love every meal i have had at Mandina's. great food and a low price is always a good stop if your on Canal St. Even visitors can cab it over or ride the street car down to Mandina's. I've never experienced a long wait either.Another fabulous classic New Orleans dining experience today!! Brought out-of-town colleagues here for their first time & everyone was satisfied with the choice! We started with crab claws & hot garlic bread. Main courses included shrimp poboys, gumbo, turtle soup, and grillades & grits (special du jour).All amazing!! Grillades some of the best I've ever had!! Be v sure to get them if you ever see them on the specials board!This place is the quintessential New Orleans neighborhood restaurant. Ive been coming here for 40 years and I'll admit the food was better before the storm but it's still very good. They lost all of the old cured pots and pans in the storm but they have hit their stride again.
Appetizers: I used to get the crab fingers every time and sadly this just isnt the same as it used to be but there's still the unbelievable Shrimp Remoulade. Enough for two but you wont want to share. It is amazing. 
Entrees: You cant pick just one. It's all great but the spaghetti and meatballs are just unreal. 2 huge meatballs that are simply delicious an a authentic Italian marinara sauce. When im not in the mood for spaghetti, one of my favorites is the half and half poboy. Oh my god, the Fried Oysters and Shrimp are to die for. The french bread is so fresh and soft, seafood cooked perfectly. 
After you eat here, save room for Angel Brocato's for italian ice cream and cookies about 2 mins away on Carrollton.Mandina's is one of my favorite restaurants for a variety of reasons.  Their turtle soup is some of the best in the city.  The red gravy is excellent, and portions of pasta are always generous. The chicken and veal Parmesan are delicious, as is the fried seafood, particularly the fried soft shell crab. Add $3.50 old fashioneds during happy hour, and you can't lose.  I will keep going back, again and again.The gumbo was excellent as always. The okra and shrimp combo was tasty. Not so much for the stuffed shrimp. There was a lot of bread in the stuffing. It wasn't as seasoned or as flavorful as what I'm used to. Not bad if you've never had good stuffed shrimp. Getting the bread pudding to go. I ate 2 shrimp and I'm stuffed. Great portions for the price.I was out and about New Orleans running errands with the wife, she said she wanted a good roast beef poboy. We were near parkway, and figured we go there since she never had been. Well the line was too long to wait so we left. She mentioned Mandina's on Canal that her family went there when she was young. We get there and find a parking spot, and go in threw there new side entrance. I never been here before so everything was first impression. They had a really cool old looking wood bar that looked like it had been there for years. We were seated and our waiter came over, really nice guy. I told him we wanted a sloppy roast beef Poboy and a Veal Cutlet poboy and a Turkey poboy to go. Our food didn't take long, and we watched the plates coming out the kitchen and damn they all looked good. We got our food and i was happy they had the soft french bread instead of that rock hard kind that explodes bread crumbs each time you take a bite. There roast beef was aweseome, it was made in  house and carved thick. Not the Deli crap soaked in can gravy, it was awesome and messy, exactly how it supposed to be. My wife put my napkin like a bib, because every bite i would drip gravy. I then next tried the Veal, it was pretty good, i liked it but for the price i expected more veal since it was nearly double the price of the roast beef. The turkey was great, tasted like they carved off the bone, then grilled. Before we left my wife got the strawberry shortcake, it looked good and i am not a big sweet eater. I tried it and it was good, not overly sweet just right. Our waiter checked in the right amount not to much or to little. The only part i didn't like was the bill, i thought it was more then what we got, not saying they padded the bill, but i was charged extra on two of the poboys and over all for the amount of food vs the bill it was kinda high. I will definitiely come back and try some other stuff that looked goodThe waiter was really nice but this restaurant was disappointing. I disliked my po-boy and the atmosphere wasn't appealing me. I was hungry so I managed to eat it but wouldn't be my first choice for NOLA dining.Mandina's is one of my favorite New Orleans style restaurants to refer first timers to go to. My personal favorite is the red beans with fried veal cutlet, served on Mondays. A little pricey, but i never have an issue with paying for quality. 
I get the whole 'keeping things original' but it really sucks when places don't accept card payment. I can also understand from a business standpoint of wanting to avoid ridiculous service fees, but a place that gets this much business shouldn't have to penny-pinch there.  It's really one reason i don't go as often as i would.
Other than that it's usually pretty good service, good food and good times.I am maybe too full from their rich food to be functioning let alone writing this review, but I will soldier on.  This place is a charming local establishment filled with customers that look like they have been eating here since 1932.  The food is good quality standard new orleans fare.  All this said it is rich.  I am pretty sure the crab legs appetizer alone gave me instant gout, still it was delicious.  The shrimp po-boy was nothing special but still quite good. Though I would go back based on the quality of the food, I think the real draw is the great wait staff and the wonderful atmosphere.What else is there to say about this great place than "First Class" We checked it out on a recommendation from a local and boy were we more than pleased!!! Travis our server was the best his recommendations were on point. Once you walk up you realize that this is truly a locals spot, off the beaten path and just perfect for that awesome Nola food experience. We had the turtle soup which was rich and packed many complex flavors... Oh and don't forget to have them drizzle a bit of sherry over the top it will set all the flavors off.. For our main course we had the red beans and rice and WoW they were amazing I strongly recommend they be a must have. Finally you can't go wrong by checking them out I know we will every time we are in the area!!This place was the highlight of my first visit to New Orleans, and not in a good way. I write very few reviews but felt it absolutely necessary to review this place and suggest that you spend your hard earned money elsewhere, as I was pretty upset that we spend a nice $ for a meal that my husband and I could barely get down. I'm not in any way trying to bash this place to the ground, maybe it was just an off or way too busy night... but either way... i was completely overwhelmed by the terrible service and food, and certainly won't forget the experience for years to come. To start, we got a shrimp cocktail that was about $12 - after a 7 hour drive, we were exhausted and extremely hungry, definitely looking forward to this... to our surprise, we receive a plate with two pieces of iceberg lettuce, a handful of shrimp that looks like it was just tossed on and gobs of cocktail sauce poured over the the entire thing. My husband and I looked at each other in that silent "are you serous" look? We were so hungry we decided to dig in anyway. The shrimp was completely drenched in cocktail sauce and the poor lettuce was soggy from being drenched as well... which i didn't understand the point of the lettuce if there was no effort for presentation either way. We had to dig through the soup of cocktail sauce to find a shrimp and proceeded to clean each one off in an effort to make it edible. The second things we had was the artichoke soup, which THANK GOODNESS, was good otherwise I would have went to bed starving. We then ordered this seafood platter which was a complete mess. The fries were soggy and the batter for the fried food was completely bland, it was the worst batch of fried fish, shrimp, oysters, etc. that we'd ever had. Both my husband and I being seafood lovers were blown away that a restaurant that would put so little effort and care into the presentation and taste of their food... and even more disappointed that we walked out with a $70 bill! :( We couldn't stop talking about it during most of our trip. We will be back to New Orleans and certainly stay inn the Canal Street but sadly, we couldn't bare to go back or ever recommend Mandina's.Hubby declared that of ALL the seafood gumbo he'd had while on our trip (six days, eight different gumbos), Mandina's was the best.  And I was happily satiated after having FINALLY had a chance to have some REAL Southern fried chicken...it was soooo delectable!  We plan on going back to Mandina's the next time we're in N'awlins, which is saying a lot because there are just sooo many choices there and going back to one place SPECIFICALLY is just a testament to their awesomeness :)Loved the crab fingers and the gumbo was so good. Glad I got to try it. I'm now in California craving the crab fingers.Piece os shit services.
Waiter leaves us like out the door and we got no damn serviceOn Sunday, August 9, my boyfriend and I ate at Mandina's Restaurant. I really wanted to like this place a lot. Our starter meal was delicious. We ordered the gumbo and Turtle Soup Au Sherry. Which I have never had before. We ordered our entrée which was the Eggplant Creole Pasta. This dish was enough to feed two people and it was average. As I got to the last drop there was a hair mixed in my food. The waiter came over to check on us as I was pulling a strand of hair out of my mouth. I pulled the hair out of my mouth and showed it to the waiter. He stated it was my hair. I said no, it is not my hair. My hair is straight not short curled at the end. He said no one in the kitchen has hair that length. I stated it is not my hair. He offered to take something off the bill or bring another dessert. We declined the dessert because he just brought a dessert to our table. He said he will take something off the bill. The waiter left and came back to the table with the check. The check was not adjusted. We asked to speak with the manager. The manager came over and listened to us. He apologized and then said our chef wears net. I am looking at the chef coming out of the kitchen without a hair net on. The manager adjusted the bill. 
I love New Orleans. But, I don't think I will visit this place again.You can tell that this restaurant is very popular. My advice to anyone wanting to try this spot out is to make a reservation. The restaurant is located on Canal Street far from the tourist areas. The restaurant itself is cute; I loved the wood flooring and the brick wall.
The menu offers a variety of options; you can find anything from Gumbo to a regular pasta dish like chicken parmesan. They also have a full bar and can make any drink you want. I also loved the fact that the menu had different specials throughout the week.
I ordered the grilled boneless chicken with potatoes and vegetable. You can tell the food was prepared from scratch. The potatoes and green beans were very well seasoned and chicken was flavorful. The portions are huge so you need to come with an appetite.
Our server was good, he took the time to make sure that we had everything we needed. My overall experience was good.