Get what you expect from a sports bar.  Good Bloody Mary.  Decent service. Recliners for the big screen are nice if that's your thing. But food was underwhelming.This service was epically slow.  No one apologized after we expressed our frustration on two separate occasions.Avoid this fake football tourist trap at all costs!  Went here upon wrapping up JazzFest weekend...terrible mistake!  First impression: Told hostess we wanted a table for 3, she responded with "You'll have to wait 5 minutes" ...mind you, this place was maybe @ 20% capacity....I ordered a dozen wings as an appetizer...I could not believe how sparse and dry the wings were! I'm not picky but the chicken these wings were harvested from appeared to come from
an anorexic, meth addicted chicken!  Hard to understand how anyone expediting would allow these to leave the kitchen!  For lunch I ordered an Archie Classic Burger with American cheese:hard to screw up a burger but it seems to be what Manning excels in and does it well.  The patty was way overdone and uninspired.  The roll was stale and over toasted.  The fries were cold and tasteless.  Since when is Archie Manning known for his burgers? He's mostly known for being an OK QB on a shitty team in a Nasty ass town.  I would've giving this place zero stars but the ice tea was pretty cold and they refilled it once.  Do yourself a favor and skip this joke of s bar while in NO!This was one of the worst experiences I've had.  Ordered appetizers and took 35 min to arrive at the table and the place was pretty empty.  The portions were so ridiculously small and over priced (the shrimp corndogs had 4 tiny shrimp for $9). I couldn't even believe they felt OK to serve this on a plate.  The entrees were not much better and took forever as well.  The server left all the dirty plates on the table during the entire meal.
The TVs are good and the layout is nice however I would never go back to this place!Went to Manning's on a Saturday night during Memorial Day Weekend.  Awesome place to watch sports.  Plenty of tvs inside.  We went there after a wedding and were out in the patio with the huge wall screened tv and watched the Blackhawks game.  Very spacious.  Great location next to Harrahs casino and other bars/restaurants.The BEST beignets in NOLA!  Go take your photo at the "famous" one and keep walking to Manning's....you're welcome!!  
Ask for Arthur.  He is a fantastic server: Friendly, knowledgeable, and professional.
Thanks for the great eats and the delicious beignets that we will be dreaming about!First time to NOLA and to Manning's.  Our server "Q" was fantastic. Took the time to give us local places to see and go after having some great local beer and wings!!!Don't go here unless you want to watch the game on recliners and have people serve you less than ideal bar food. Also be prepared to wait a very long time for everything. Went for a birthday party and from the hostess to the runner to the server the staff was untrained, slow, and confused. Will not return.Great food! Great atmosphere! Perfect weather for food in this traditional quintessential New Orleans courtyard!I've never been anywhere in the world with as incompetent service.   Dozens of employees ignoring the patrons.  I had to walk around restaurant to seek a hostess. Game machines were broken and no one could help fix or return my money.    Dinner food took forever.  I even had to ask for silverware, plates, napkins. You would think they would know that someone needs those items to eat food. Horrible experience.  Not even gonna bother getting into the foodGood place to watch the game. Overpriced prosecco!! Watched the game upstairs, bartenders friendly and attentive! Would have liked to see more seating upstairs and more reasonable prosecco pricing!Visiting New Orleans and thought where better to see the Super Bowl, what a mistake! The sound system was so bad you couldn't understand a word that was spoken. Cut back on the TV's and get some decent audio. 
The food was mediocre at best. The only redeeming quality was the wait staff. Cecelia was excellent and provided some quality service inspire of the short comings around her.I'm sure their trying.  But service is non existent and the excuse of were super busy in the back is not acceptable for a restaurant across from convention center.  Archie would be ashamed. And now We're getting hit up by a homeless guy.  And they didn't apologize for being late. Really disappointing.We had high hopes for this place. We went on a Saturday to watch some football and grab some food. It is your typical sports bar. We ended up leaving before our food came out. It was so loud that we couldn't hear our server or the other people at our table. I know sports bars are loud but this place was ridiculous.Yeah just go somewhere else...food was terrible and the service was worse than the food.Likely will never be back, I'll spend my hard earned money elsewhere. Transaction started at 5:47 PM. I ordered a balsamic chicken salad and two burgers to go. I don't end up getting the bill until 7:20. If you're thinking "wow almost two hours on that is too much" you would be right!
Coming here the traffic is redunkulous so I figure sitting down to eat instead of getting everything to go is a better idea (I was wrong). As I mentioned earlier I order a chicken balsamic salad and two burgers to go. The salad arrives, it has pecans and what seems to be blue cheese mixed in. Half-way through I receive my burgers, I then realized that she never asked me how I wanted them done so I look at the receipt of how she put the order in. Med-Rare...YUCK! I eat nothing besides well-done, I like my patties burnt and crispy just like my soul! She also added cheese (who pays for cheese? definitely should've asked me before adding an additional upcharge) anyways so the next time she comes over I tell her that I only eat well done meat (mmm dry) and she suggests that the kitchen will make it again. This could've been avoided if she had asked me what I wanted in the first place, the servers ALWAYS ask me how I want my burger prepared here and anyplace I order a burger. I finish eating at 6:20 and pull out my method of payment, a little later I get my burgers. She completely ignores me and I see multiple people getting their food, unbeknownst to myself at the time the manager passes me up looking bored towards other tables and doesn't ask me if I need anything. The waitress FINALLY asks me if I got the burgers and I say yes. She gives me the bill and I request to speak to her manager because I had been waiting on the bill for an hour at this point. She leaves then comes back and says that she messed up the bill after it had been cashed out and needed to charge more on my card (tick-tock-tick-tock). The manager comes up and I explain to her the situation and all she offers me is a slice of cake. I guess it's better than nothing but it in no way makes up for an hour wait to print out a receipt!
What upsets me the most is the lack of service, just because I came in by myself doesn't mean that I am less important than your other tables. My money is still green and I have NEVER received such lackluster service in my ENTIRE life! I'd give this place negative stars if I could.I had the artichoke dip appetizer 
A few cocktails
Took a to go order of a steak coleslaw and a bowl of gumbo
Pretty good foodFood misrepresented on menus. Waitresses boyfriend keeps distracting her from working. She took one person drink order at the table then got waters for everyone else. She then proceeded getting the rest of us our drink orders 1 at a time. Sitting here forcing ourselves through the appetizers and she still hasn't come by to take our dinner order. Asked the hostess a question that she was unable to answer which made her huffy and she grabbed the plate and said 'I don't know I've got to check' and walks away. Sorry, I don't eat returned food. Horrible experience. Terrible service, bad food, and they had a talk show on which made it so we couldn't have a conversation with each other. Trust me, save yourselves time and money and steer clear.Not only was the hostess and the bartender rude, they wouldn't accept any of our IDs because they were vertical and not horizontal, regardless of the birthdates on them. We are all over 21 and this has never happened to us.. they were not accommodating AT all and we definitely will not be back.Slow service and bland food. However we stayed to watch the NFL games. Lots of tvs, you have a view from any seat.This was our first dining out experience in NOLA, and we walked away with a skip in our step from our delightful service and delicious food. Our server Marlon was top notch and too good to us! The manager came by to talk to us a couple of times and we were surprised to be treated to some beignets compliments of the restaurant to finish out our experience. I highly recommend Mannings. Great atmosphere for familes and couples alike, AMAZING food, and smiling employees at every turn.Former long time New Orleans residents, our family met up in town for the Saints Monday Night game and a birthday celebration. We are all die-hard fans of the Manning family, and decided Manning's would be the perfect pre-game dinner spot. The atmosphere was nice, the restaurant is clean, and decorated with Manning memorabilia. The food was ok. The downfall was the service. The server was pleasant enough, though not friendly, and just did not seem interested in providing good service. We had to ask for utensils after our appetizers arrived. I asked three times for a cold glass (I never got it). The couple sitting next to us said they'd experienced the same thing with their service. We likely will not return.My husband and my cousin arrived at Manning's to watch the game. We walked in and was created by the host. We originally inquired about the lounge chairs but it was full. 
We ended up sitting outside which was amazing. There is a full size screen to watch the game and couch area. We sat in the couch area. 
The only "downside" is The servers do not come outside to take your orders. We were originally told we could order from a window outside but that was NOT available. Ordering from the window would have made it a little easier but going in to the bar wasn't so bad. Once the food was ready it was brought out by staff. Drinks were good. Food was amazing. The fries were awesome! Would definitely go again. This was perfect to watch the game as well.
https://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g60864-d2545976-r585670065-Manning_s-New_Orleans_Louisiana.html#Very poor and slow service. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. We waited 40 minutes for a spinach dip and 60 minutes for a hamburger???Good place for TV's and cold beer - the food - not so. Limited menu but not your typical sports bar fare. leans a little on the local side but not done very well. wait time for food was much longer than expected. Comfy though and every game you can imagine on a TV somewhere. Love the big stadium seating on the big screenPost Mardi Gras Day parades we stumbled upon this restaurant as it was super close to our hotel (Omni Riverfront) and one of the few places open on Fat Tuesday at 4pm! Very nice upscale sports bar atmosphere, large flat screens everywhere. Would be an awesome place to watch on gamedays. Our waitress was super funny and very good, gave us honest menu recommendations! I had BBQ pulled pork, coleslaw, and French fries, all perfectly cooked and seasoned. followed up with Beignets drizzled with carmel sauce and topped with candied pecans!!! Delicious!My first mistake was stopping by the opening Sunday of the NFL season, that being said, by the time of our arrival, the Saints fans had cleared out (and some players had come in).
We were given a 45minute to an hour window for a table. 'Okay,' I think, 'opening day.' We sat outside and watched our respective game, but there was little to NO service in the courtyard. Once we were sat inside, we had to search someone to put on our game, one of three, and the highlight game of the week.  Not a great start.
We all ordered food, although at staggered times.  We mostly had salads, all of which was slathered in dressing to the point where each individual leaf was as shiny as freshly polished shoe.   Not to say they were bad, but easy on the salad dressing boss man.  The burgers all looked fine, and the deserts were...satisfactory.  
Actually, hold on a tick. I ordered something and got a look of almost disgust when I was told that item was no longer served and something about the place burning down or something.  I don't know if he was kidding or what (I can't find any news on the subject).
The service was atrocious. At one point we had literally 10 empties sitting on the table, and two empty places, for over an hour.  OVER AN HOUR.  Fresh beers were forgotten, food took an hour to come out, menu's sat 7 deep on the table.   At one point, when we had moved outside for the evening game, we sat for over two hours without ONE waitress coming to the table.  Actually, my mistake, she came once, dropped off a menu, and was never seen again.
Avoid this place if you want to eat/drink.  Come for the football.STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE! 
June 6, 2017 Tuesday around 7pm. We noticed the popular name MANNINGs Restaurant. We, my daughter and son-in-law from France (first timer in Nola) wanted to give this restaurant a try since we were just by Harrahs hotel next door staying. Weather was ok that we were thinking of going to eat outside by the patio. We were advised by the receptionist to order the food by the window and they will bring the food to you. We followed what's advised stood by the window watching the bartender walking back and forth, took a good 10 mins for her to acknowledged us and said "can u guys go to the next window because I'm busy?!" So we kindly asked for at least a menu to looked at. Went to the next window stood there for another good 20mins. still not acknowledged, same bartender named (Lila?) came and asked have you been helped? We said, NO. Then she called out the other bartender and said "you didn't take care of them?" She absolutely don't wanna be there to WORK! I felt like she's being inconvenienced by us. Then, she commanded us to go back to the other window. I got so tired of her attitude and unprofessionalism that we decided to just not order anymore. Then she screamed at us and said "OK BYEEE!" with her eyes rolled up. 
This staff attitude was so discouraging and so ghetto!!!! People please stay away from this restaurant! As many great restaurants out there in the entire world of NOLA, STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE! This place have NO GOOD SERVICE AT ALL! Please read most of their Yelp reviews!Nice interior; decor is great.  Sit in the "reclining section" - this is a JUMBO television (probably 15 feet across) with two rows of reclining movie-style chairs in front.  They have built-in cupholders and if you're eating, they bring you a tray-table.  I had the chopped brisket poboy - this is essentially a french dip, but made with chopped brisket.  The au jus was nicely flavored, but the bowl it was served in was too narrow to dip the sandwich.  Huh.  I ended up pouring the au jus onto the sandwich and making a mess, but it was tasty.  My friend had the gumbo for starters which he said was "okay" and the cheeseburger, which was "not great."  strangely enough, the burger patty was square.  On a round bun.  Odd.  The fries were soggy and limp.  Service was not great, but I think that was our waiter - i was other wait staff hustling around but our waitress was VERY slow.  Comp valet parking, which is a plus in this area of town; enter from the BACK on the Fulton St entrance.  It was good enough that I'll give it another try in a month or so to see if they got the bugs worked out.I had an absolute blast here! The Blackhawks were playing and they played the big game on a giant screen. We got to sit in these awesome recliner seats and ordered some food and drinks. They serve your typical bar food. I recommend the Mac n Cheese pies. They were an amazing appetizer! And their burger was delicious! I would absolutely recommend this place to other people! Especially if you're looking to catch a game.We had heard that Mannings was overpriced, but my friends and I just wanted a burger and figured it couldn't be that much and I've almost never had a bad burger.  We went there because it was right outside our hotel and we didn't have much time to kill before heading to the airport.  Well, we were wrong... the burger was a ridiculous $14 and it was the worst burger I have ever had.  I asked for medium and it came out well done.  My friend asked for medium rare and hers was also well done.  It was dry and topped with one tomato and one piece of lettuce.  Two of the three had a large onion ring.  We couldn't figure out why the third one didn't get an onion ring?  There was only one burger available on the menu, so we all ordered the same thing.  It tasted like bread with some burnt stuff in the middle. 
Besides the crappy food, the service was horrible.  We were one of three tables in the restaurant (Peak lunchtime, btw. We should have taken that as a hint), but it took 30 minutes from the time we ordered our food to get the food.  I guess that explains why the burgers were all well done.  One of my friends ordered the red beans and sausage.  It had a star next to it for spicy, but she said it was pretty bland.  This restaurant is in New Orleans, for goodness sake.  They should know how to make some red beans and rice.  I also tried the mac and cheese which was subpar, to say the least.
If you want to watch a game and get a few drinks, I see how this place would be fun.  There are bigscreens everywhere.  I was pretty confused about the hostesses being in suits though, this was no white tablecloth restaurant.  It seemed a bit unnecessary, kind of like the price of the burger.  Strange music choices as well, hopefully during big games they have the TV volume up instead.
In short, I can't figure out if the burger was $14 because no one goes there, or if no one goes there because the burger is $14.  I definitely won't go back.  If a restaurant charges that much for a burger but can't make it edible, I have no desire to try anything else.  Good luck, Mannings.If you're looking for a classy, cool, modern place to watch a football game this is your place. 
Plenty of Tv's including a super cool out door venue with a huge projector screen
Food:
The Archie burger was very good, ordered it with a friend egg and the fries that came with were solid. 16 $ however was a bit PRICEY
Service: Our waitress spilled an entire coke on my friend and all over his iPhone. His phone isn't working right now because of water damage. She acted like it wasn't a big deal and gave a short "sorry" then didn't talk about it again. Also,  Took almost 20 minutes to take our order and our waitress was awful at refills and checking up on our table
Overall the food was probably 3.5 stars and the service was 2.5.
The food is filling but over priced.The quintessential Sports Bar and who could argue with the Theme--one of the best names in football!  
Food was great, the service even better.  Ryan Manning's Manager, Wendy the shift supervisor and Darin our server were outstanding.  
If you want to watch a game with friends, have s few drinks, desire great food and appreciate excellent service, Manning's is your place.I believe the Mannings need to stick to football.  10+ minutes to order a drink at the bar and no service on the patio.  Super loud coaches show.  Over 2 hour wait for a table and another hour for dinner-told it was a new menu-we ordered burgers!  Fries were cold and order was wrong.  They did bring out copious amounts of hot fries after complaining.  And to finish the meal, we had a round of tums.  When in Nola, enjoy the fine dining.  Do not waste your time or your patience at this place.Food over priced. The meat was extremely too tuff to chew. The setting is pretty cool that's what drew us in. Wouldn't go backHighly recommend to all my military friends when they visit the city have to stop in for a great time. One of the best bartender I've met that keep me coming back is Camille, she's awesome and very attentive to you even in a pack house. The food is also great for any LSU, Saints game or just hanging out. The area is safe for parking and very clean, but recommend coming early on a beautiful day to get great seating outside.This review is written more in sorrow than in anger.
Preamble
(If you follow my occasional posts, you know that I generally post positive reviews. I'm not a food critic, so I don't have any incentive to post about bad experiences. For that matter, I don't even have to be impartial. I have an agenda; I love my funky, spunky little city with all of it's restaurants, which tend to fall into one of two camps: bound by awesome tradition or quirky as all hell. And because this is New Orleans we tend to do both well. Also, I love to promote our legendary food culture.
But sometimes, after you've given a place several chances, you have to call a spade a spade and hope that improvements will be made by ownership, management, etc. So here goes...)
ACTUAL FOOD REVIEW
Ever notice how most negative reviews focus on bad service? The author will say something to the effect of "I waited, like, 45 minutes for bread" or "my server was clearly having a bad day." 
This is not one of those reviews. 
I don't give a rip about service. Service is secondary. I go out for the eats. And the eats is where Manning's drops the ball. To be fair, much of the problem has to do with expectations. (For the uninitiated, Manning's is named after the Manning family. Archie is the former quarterback of the New Orleans Saints and father of current QB's Eli and Peyton. Archie is a singularly beloved figure in a city full of beloved figures. I actually wear an Archie jersey on football days. The Manning name is respected across many segments of our balkanized, but tight-knit community. When the first ads for the new place began popping up around town, I was pretty excited.) I figured the Mannings know food. I actually sat next to the whole clan once at one of the city's deservedly lauded restaurants: Ruth's Chis, which originated here. I was only a fly on the wall that day. But you have to figure that if people have your taste in good food they'll create a place with good food. Right? Not exactly.
The problem is not the menu, which is actually kind of adventurous. It's the execution which misses the mark more than any of the family's QB's ever did. Example: I'm a salad lover. A salad is a simple test of a restaurant's image of itself. If you get a bowl of wilted, watery greens, then you know you're basically at a cafeteria. Here, the greens were not an issue. But when I ordered the Fried Green Tomato, Bacon, and Shrimp salad, for instance, things fell apart. Everyone loves bacon, and it's relatively easy to cook. So why did my bacon come out like hateful jerky? And why was the fried tomato more like something I'd find in the home cleaning aisle at the Home Depot? The slices were lifeless, rubbery, and coated with a material that reminded me of loofah. Not a good look, touch, or taste.
One time I ordered the nifty sounding Blackened and Bleu Grilled Chicken Romaine Salad. Like I said, I love a good salad. This was a to-go order to bring back to my office since I was short on time. But they forgot to the put the Grilled Chicken on this Grilled Chicken salad. So for $17 bucks, I got a box of greens, and another bad experience for my patronage.
The Red Beans and Rice Chili as well as the gumbo were both underwhelming. Special note: red beans and rice (not usually a chili) not to mention gumbo are two New Orleans staples. Like BBQ in Texas, sushi in LA, or clam chowder in Boston, if you screw this up, you're liable to have your license to operate yanked. 
I had a steak that was actually cooked and seasoned exactly right. But the meat was so gristly large portions of it could neither be cut nor chewed. This suggests the chefs purchased the lowest grade meat legally available.
The only foods I had that were above average were the double cut pork chop, and it was fine, the grilled fish: not outstanding, but one of the better preparations here, and the sweet potato skins that were a notch over TGI Fridays (the ones you get in-house, not in the supermarket freezer).
However, the gloopy banana pudding, which is sort of like one of the best desserts over at American Sector, was disgusting. The pecan pie was forgettable.
In glancing at other reviews, I've notice that few people love this place. This is a shame because the facility is centrally located and looks amazing. (With over a dozen large TVs on the walls, why wouldn't you want to watch a game here?) If I had to guess, I'd bet that Manning's is locked into it's current menu for a set amount of time, maybe a year, maybe two years. Hopefully, the establishment will think long and hard when it comes to time to adjust. The Manning name deserves a touchdown.Recently ate at Manning's twice during my stay in New Orleans due to it being connected to Harrahs. Both meals were decent, service was poor, hostess was rude and I didn't ever notice a manager in the restaurant. I would love to have given this place a better rating as the TV viewing is great, but that was the only positive thing.Waitress was attentive and friendly. Nachos are huge and delicious. Enough for 4 people. Ribeye wasn't very good. Oyster poboy was decent..i ate it out of the bread..too much bread. Kids tenders were good.Second time at Manning's and I will say that we are very disappointed! The service is terrible, food might be even worse! This place has so much potential, but for some reason they must not care about returning customers. I'll eat somewhere else and maybe come back just to watch a game and have a drink. McDonalds has better food!Sat in the stadium seats. Waiter never acknowledged us.  Had to go to the bar for drinks. Great concept terrible service.Try the just added to menu sliders u won't regret it. It's basically a variety of smaller versions of their pulled pork, and burgers. Best pulled pork I've had and don't get me started on the Archie Payton slider with pimento sauce. Whoever came up with this concoction is a culinary genius. Server could not have been sweeter and very informative on menu.This place has the weakest club sandwich I've ever had. They charge $11 for something that should cost $5 at the most... What a effing joke.Do not plan to watch a game watching here. Made a reservation for a birthday a week ago; talked to two staff members in advance and they still didn't allow us to hear the game.Horrible place. Dirty, bar is unkept. Had to flag a bartender for service. Restrooms nasty. Won't return EVER. 11:30 Saturday night and closing.Worst experience I have had a restaurant. Upon arrival we go to the host stand and say we have a party of 8 and the hostess laughs and my friend  says what's funny? she responds (in the rudest way) well parties of 8 can only have one check and it will be a long wait (like that matters to us). I work in a restaurant and would never do that to a large party walking in not only was it EXTREMELY rude but it seemed as if she was trying to get us not to eat there. So we decide to go to the bar because it's going to be "a long wait". I sit at the bar for at least five minutes chatting to the guy next to me with out being greeted so I decided to put my card and ID on the bar when she finally does come to greet me she barley says hello and just pushes my ID back to me and says I can't accept this. I'm from the state of California and am 24 years old and still have a vertical ID because my state does not issue me a new ID until it expires. They said they are not allowed to accept vertical IDs only horizontal. This is ABSOLUTELY ridiculous that none of us were able to order a drink. Horrible customer service and ABSOLUTELY ridiculous "law" about not being able to accept vertical IDs even if they are well over the legal drinking limit. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE.Very nice sports bar as far as appearance! But the food barely held up. The deviled eggs appetizer was delicious, but we had to place two orders because there was only 3 eggs for one order! The pulled pork was hard and the barbecue sauce was wayyy too sweet. Service was good. It was nice to try a new place but it's safe to say I won't be back there again!Eh...so my boyfriends parents had been talking about this place opening up for ages - and during our prior trip to nola, we'd been across the way and heard so much about the high expectations, and how great it will be...
My boyfriend wanted to walk over here from the Quarter on our last trip, to check out mannings...not being a fan of the area, I was hesitant to walk over, but with my boyfriend so eager to finally check it out, i obliged..
Sadly, it was pretty disappointing.  As he described, it was as though they were in a hurry to set it up, just threw some tables and tvs in there, with a half assed barren courtyard...one plus is that they have outdoor windows next to the bar, so you can sit outside or inside, but the drink list is pretty bare, and they were out of a vital ingredient for the one cocktail I'd wanted...ordered it anyway, but it was likely virgin (the raspberry iced tea, they were out of frozen raspberries), so after finishing our drinks we left...wouldn't return, I'd say they definitely need to class it up a bit, high expectations + famous family + tourist destination + high prices (for nola) = needs improvement.  Also our bartender was pretty horrible, after my boyfriend said he didnt want another drink, she still brought him another within a couple minutes, and he was too nice to send it back.I would say don't eat here just drink here except the drink prices are more expensive than Ernst right next door.  I wish I could say more positive about the food but just don't eat it!  I went to Ole Miss, I was in graduate school when Eli played for us, I grew up with Archie playing for the Saints.  I just think they need to start totally over with the menu.  The interior, patio and bar are a great places to watch a game and if just rating that this place is probably four stars but the food and drink prices really drop the ball here.Due to having complimentary meals from the casino I have eaten here several times in the past three years.  This is a sports bar with very mediocre food.  Nachos and burgers are good.  I can't say I have had anything else on the menu worth trying again.  If you can get a seat in Langston or Marigny's section you will have excellent service.  Everyone else is hit or miss.  If not for the comps I would go find better food elsewhere.Reading the reviews I was hesitant to try this place out with my group of friends.we walked in and was greeted by a extremely friendly hostess, Bridget or Brittany I think was her name. Our server greeted us right away, and being new to the city ourselves she recommended fun night spots to check out. The food came out quickly, considering how busy they were. The spinach dip and deviled eggs were a Knock out. I tried the Archie burger which had pork belly on top and it was out of this world! They have televisions everywhere and can even change one
Of the televisions on request. Mannings has a huge outdoor area with seating and a massive television outside. All of the bartenders were friendly and professional. All the staff was hard working and hilarious! Definitely will be back when I come to visit New Orleans again. I would give this place a try if you haven't yet.This was our second visit to Manning's, the first was right after it opened and it was.. just. okay.  Sadly, it's still.. just okay. I've never been a fan of a huge menu and that's something Manning's will never be accused of as it's menu is too small and boring. We ordered the mac and cheese pie appetizer and it might have been pretty good if it had been seasoned... a little salt would have been great and we didn't like the sauce that tasted like BBQ sauce mixed with ranch dressing.. eek. I had a hot sausage sandwich.. it was a sausage link in a ft. long hot dog bun with sweet pickle relish and mustard.. the thought of it still makes me shudder.  We live here so we know what NOLA has to offer and we won't be wasting our down time and money on Manning's.I would honestly write a negative review if I could. First off, we walk in the restaurant and told the hostess there would be eight of us and she laughed a little and I thought to myself whats funny, she said "it will be a 30 min wait" and I said okay. Then she was like "well you guys can only split it 3 ways" and ONCE AGAIN I said okay. Then we went to the bar and they were extremely rude and we overheard the bartender say "did the hostess really send them all up here" then REFUSED us service because we had vertical IDs. BTW in California we don't receive horizontal until it expires! Therefore proceeded to ask, "I am 24 are you really not going to serve us a drink" and even the manager was rude-- they could have all at least been nice about it. 
We used to come here when we go on vacation but we will not be going here again and I would 100% not recommend it to anyone else.Manning's has some of the best grits I've ever eaten and you bet your ever-expanding a$$ there's probably all kinds of heavy cream, butter and other very very bad things in there that make 'em taste so good. But hey, this is New Orleans, hardly a town known for reeling it in, y'know? How good? Better than Cochon- good, how's that for you? On par with Maurepas. Possibly better than Maurepas. DANGood!!! The best part about it is that there's jalapeños in there which makes it even better. 
I recently learned that there's a new chef in the kitchen and a new GM lording over the realm so this isn't the Mannings you used to know. I had a pretty amazing lunch here recently. There are vegetarian options via the apps and side dishes and our friendly server was all too accommodating to point them out to me, without even a hint of an eye roll. They are overall extremely nice and accommodating in here.
The menu offers up some Creole classics, along with what could be called "elevated tailgating food." Or as they say, "creative interpretations." This ain't TGIFs in other words. It's good stuff. We started with the fried eggplant app and it was perfectly crispy, with sweet eggplant underneath the tasty breading. Because we were going to town by sharing the mac & cheese and aforementioned insanely rich and delish grits, I opted for a side spinach salad.
Let's first address that by "side" figure on a portion that could be entree-sized, just saying. The spinach salad is perfect, chock full of baby spinach and dressed with balsamic vinaigrette. I'm not a mac & cheese person, but Manning's is just what you'd be looking for in a rich, comfort food casserole. The macaroni is firm and holds up to the massive amount of creamy cheese and thick crispy cheddar crust.  I had about two spoonfuls and was full. Ditto the grits. Rich rich rich. And that's what NOLA food is all about, isn't it?
Atmosphere: the TVs are INSANE. I'd come to any kind of viewing party they have going on and of course if you're a sports fan, do your game day here! This is a whole lot nicer than other sports bars in town. Drink prices are on point and it's all around comfy with loungey chairs in addition to bar stools and tables.
I dig immensely. Yep, it's true. Never thought I'd be saying this, but that's why sometimes you have to leave your (craft cocktail) comfort zone, right?Went for lunch here. Was hardly anyone in the place but it was on a Tuesday. Had an Archie burger and fries. Burger was good but not great and the fries were average. Best part of the place is the stadium seating with lounge chairs for watching the game. Don't know how difficult it would be to sit in them on game day though. I would say go here if you are a Manning fan. If not I wouldn't recommend just for the food.Absolutely awful service. Must be new management. Food quality was sub par. Pulled pork nachos were disgusting. Cold and undercooked. Our group of 7 tried to talk to manager. We were ignored and not served for the rest of the evening. Seriously stay away. Way better sports bars and food in the area.Went for game day this past weekend and had a great time. I have a weird drink I order and Bri the server was very helpful in making it happen. Ordered and Archie burger and all the flavor went well together.  One of the only places open early for the game. Will be back!Server was very informative. Food seemed to take longer than I should have since they weren't very busy. Food was good. Atmosphere good. Many TVs ladies restroom clean but men's wasn't very clean. Would go again.There are LOTS of video screens in this place. We came on for dinner and a few beers. It was showering outside and the waiter gave me a towel. 
The food was okay. I had the tuna burger. It was supposed to come with a weat bun, but  it turned out to be a ciabatta that fell apart. 
It'd probably come to this place to watch sports and eat elsewhere.This restaurant was absolutely fabulous as far as service and cleanliness is concerned. The hosted was engaging and attentive. Even though it was a busy day, we had a table earlier than she promised. The waitress was great on suggestions. The food took a while to get to the table, but this is expected due to business levels.. bathrooms cleanest I've seen in all of New Orleans. My boyfriend loved the memorabilia and beer menu. Happy new year to the Mannings and bravo on such a great experience.Good atmosphere. Tv's everywhere with a great layout. Food is not that great. I've dined twice and it seems like they ran out of seasoning both times. Idk. I'll just stick with drinking here.Service was excellent. Food was standard fare, but good. The best part of the bar (the only real reason for going back) was the outside tv.  Good amount of TVs inside for game watching if that's what you're looking for.Beware...the reclining seats are not free!
We had people in town from San Diego for the Chargers game and went to Mannings for some beers before the game. We came to the front and asked to be seated and the hostess told us to find an empty seat and we would be served. 
We found the recliners in the back of the restaurant and sat down. The waitress came 15 minutes later when we flagged her down and we ordered our beers. A couple of people got snacks too. 
Service was pretty much non existent here. We had to flag down the waitress like a 747 at the airport if we needed anything at all. When the bill came we were shocked to find that it was $250. Apparently the have an unadvertised completely hidden $25 recliner fee. Not one waitress mentioned this to us and we could not find it anywhere on the menu.
They luckily waived it for us and said next time you know. Ok lady, we are all in our Chargers gear we are obviously not regulars. 
They get 2 stars instead of one because they made it right but the service is so terrible here you might as well go somewhere else.This was the ideal place to catch a game, especially if you worship the Manning family as there are lots of memorabilia around the restaurant. Lots of TV's everywhere and the best part was the 2x2 screen with the reclining chairs, they were so comfortable. There were fold-able tables that could be placed in front of you so enjoy your meal while catching a game. The staff was very friendly and helpful in getting the channel changed to our game, definitely a plus!
If you aren't trying to catch a game here and grabbing a bite then good luck, I was not impressed. They offer crawfish for 2lbs for $15, Cajun style. This price is actually pretty good since it includes corn, potato as well. Some of the crawfish were a little overcooked as the meat was tough. I grabbed the po-boy which was extremely disappointing, even the fries weren't hot! The bread was dense and partially cold, not the typical po-boy bread where baguette is fluffy in the middle. The shrimp was at least fried pretty well. The gumbo wasn't any better when the rice WASN'T EVEN FULLY COOKED. It was still hard, pretty embarrassing.
Just stick to the drinks and sports here.Food is good, but endless wait for the food.
Best, you already order while you wait for a tableThe entire Manning's team did a wonderful job hosting our party of 37 people. We had some people in the private room and some in the comfortable recliners. Every few minutes someone came by to make sure we had everything we need. Each appetizer and sandwich we had was absolutely delicious. I would definitely recommend this restaurant for a group of any size.Disappointed. I used to enjoy this spot. Drinking glasses were really spotty almost seamed like a film, silverware too. Good was ok. Not as special as it once was.Horrible food that came out cold and bland. Food was sent back and came out cold the second time.
Server seemed put out when we tried to order another beer.Great atmosphere, friendly staff, tasty drinks and good food for what it was, bar food. The deviled eggs with blue crab were deliciousThe pork nachos are watery and kinda gross but still edible. Come for happy hour as the drinks and appetizers are half priced!! Great sports bar and awesome outdoor area. Definitely a spot to hit if you're an Eli fan.A group of us had reservations at Mannings at the end of French Quarter Fest. They were very accommodating and courteous in all our interactions setting up the reservations and ensuring we would all be seated together. 
The customer service was outstanding for our entire experience- from the hostess, the wait staff etc. 
The decor is really funky and fun. There are large screen tv's within view of every seat. The best part is the GIANT screen with the recliners in the back of the restaurant. We didn't sit there but we checked it out, and thought it would be fun to sit there. Meals were served on tv trays- it was really cute!
The menu is varied but this is where Manning's lost points with me- it seems they can't decide whether to be a sports bar/restaurant or a fancy restaurant. Some of the food seemed too sophisticated for the atmosphere. Most of our group enjoyed their meal. The pulled pork poutine was enough to serve the whole table! I had the filet and it was wonderful, but lacking in sides. My husband had the chili but didn't care for it...it was a pulled pork chili and he said it just wasn't what one thinks of when you think of chili.
The restaurant is new, I'm sure they have to fine tune a few things, I'd like to see some simpler items on the menu to fit the sports bar atmosphere.Luv luv this place. Touchdown margaritas and bloody marys were wonderful. Very nice little server.The food I had was awesome but very pricey.  It was very clear the staff were not happy to be there. Service sucked! I wish I went somewhere else.Food was okay, the pulled pork was sandwich was not hot and the bbq sauce was very sweet. The deviled eggs was not your traditional tasting deviled eggs, an ingredient or two was missing. I'm thinking Relish was one. The staff was accommodating from the lady at the front desk to the bartender.  I will give them another try when I return, of course ordering something totally different.Seriously awful.  Whenever Manning's first opened, I could get over the awful service and over-priced food because the burger was actually really good...  The only thing that was ever actually good. I made a vow never to go back here after my mom and I went one night.  She got the burger because she knew it was normally pretty good and what comes out?? Two frozen patties that had been cooked together to give the illusion of one nice sized patty.  I got the grilled chicken sandwich because I'm thinking, "who could screw that up?"  Well, Manning's did.  If I wanted frozen meat for dinner, I would have just gone to Rouses and bought some Tyson chicken nuggets.  Anywho, there are no redeeming qualities. Service is horrible, food is clearly not prepared well, and prices are jacked up. The only reason they ever have a crowd is because of the Manning name.I was very impressed with the food here. I came in expecting it to be average bar food and I was wrong! The chef really takes pride in their work and is on top of things in the kitchen. The blackened fish po boy is delicious. The bartender, Piper, was awesome. She made sure we were taken care of. Definitely check this place out if you're by HarrahsIf my last name was Manning I would be disappointed regardless of whether or not I was part of that Manning family. Our party should have noticed it odd that a sports bar that was not packed during NCAA tourney was a bad sign. While the place itself was nice with good TVs and an interesting theater type area the good stops there. The food was literally some of the worst I have ever eaten. I couldn't even stomach a second bite of my French dip (which was recommended by the horrific wait staff) it was so bad. The nacho I am pretty sure had squeeze cheese on them. Safe to say I will not be returningFood is very bland and not appealing what al ever. First time at Manning's and defiantly going to be the last.The only good things about Manning's were the bartender and the NFL ticket. After being seated our service was terrible. When we asked for napkins for our meal we were given cocktail napkins. My burger was sent back and still not correct when returned. New Orleans is a food town. Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere for food.Foods good for a sports bar. The Wild Caught Catfish Fingers was pretty good. Not fishy at all. The alligator sausage was not bad, we thought we had to try some since we in NOLA. The beignets were really good, warm and fluffy with candied pecans which is a little different. The gumbo was only OK. Service was not bad. Not sure why this place doesn't have a higher rating.  Went during lunch and then went back for dinner too. Only thing is, it's the same menu.We checked in and the host wouldn't give us any idea of how long the wait might be. I asked if we could expect to wait more than an hour. Her answer was probably not but it could be. Ok, we'll just go to the bar and have a drink. We're sitting at the bar and notice a table for two open. Someone is going to be seated there we say. Twenty minutes pass and not only is that table open but four others open. After waiting over 30 minuets I went back to the host and ask if we could have the table for 2 that's been open. The manager comes and tells me that after they text patrons they have 5 minuets to respond and that is the reason the tables are open. This system isn't working, you really need to change it. I can't judge the food because we decided we'd waited long enough. My suggestion if if you're coming here for the name, go to the bar, have a drink and leave. There are too many great restaurants in the area to waste your time waiting for sports bar food.My meal was disappointing. A grilled chicken sandwich with NO grilled chicken? I wanted a hot sandwich but this one comes with cold, sliced deli chicken.  On top of that no Coke products.  The service was good and our waitress  (Ms. Rachel) was funny and friendly. She went above and beyond.  My husband wanted a bun instead of French bread for his poboy. She quickly accommodated him.Pros: Cool tribute to the Manning family's sports accomplishments, TVs everywhere, and outside court yard.
Cons: Slow and forgetful service, appetizers arrive with your dinner, the food that shows up is cold, no one apologizes when you let them know, and you have to chase down your own silverware/drink refill/condiments.
Currently sitting in a section where the three tables near us are livid and warned us about the service as we sat down. We should have listened.Great food great times!  Must ask for Q!  She is amazing!  Will be a place to visit EVERY business trip moving forward.Had dinner with several coworkers. Staff was attentive, ambience was nice, but in the private dining room, it tends to get loud with 20 people. I had the redfish and it was very good. The person next to me had shrimp and grits. The blond beer was good. Overall a very nice experience.Ate lunch on patio, fried green tomato salad and pulled pork chilli was delicious, service is a little slow but  shouldn't   food be savored!!!!!What a complete joke! Food is as unimpressive as it gets! Were it not for being backed by Harrah's this place would never make it based on its food. It's a  nice new building,built out nicely, nice bar, nice employees, but the food stinks. If you advertise home cut fries, serve home cut fries, not frozen ones --- oh yeah and when you can't even turn out halfway decent french fries (underfryed, too mushy) something is seriously wrong! Even the description of the hamburger leaves a lot to be desired ( menue doesnt even indicated cheese, much less a choice of cheese)
The Manning family should be embarrassed to have their name on this place!The good: 
Many options for beer on draft.
Seems like a busy, hoppin', popular place - my husband and I like that sort of atmosphere. 
I'm not crazy about the Sports Bar feel, too many TV's and the food is mediocre, but if you're looking to watch LITERALLY any sports game this is your place. Tons of TV's. Very clean. Located a pretty cool area in New Orleans. 
The Bad:
Spotty service. Seemed uninterested, but was on top of our refills, which is good. I did not like the beans that came my ribs, which were a little dry. 
Overall, I gave it a three because the food wasn't great, and the service was just okay. Again, not a fan of sports bars.This place was pretty bad.  If I was named Manning, I would get my name off of it as fast as I could.   It was a great atmosphere but the food and service were pretty awful.  Like past reviews the man complaint was the service.  
Atmosphere -   It is a really nice looking sports bar.  TV's everywhere you look and very nice decor.  Do not change a thing
Food -   Food was average to not good.  We stopped in for a late lunch and it wasn't really that busy.  The food took over 30 minutes to get (seriously!!!).   I had the classic manning burger. How do you screw up a burger.   
Service. - This is where things went downhill.  The service was awful and again it wasn't that busy.  It took forever to get refills, our server would walk past us as we were trying to get her attention.  Just really bad.  
It's a shame because the bar and atmosphere is really good.HORRIBLE!!!! Absolutely horrible. Unless you want to just drink AVOID Mannings. Horrible service. It took over an hour to get food. They were not super busy. Nice TVs everywhere though. And the food was very blah!Food blah, waiter slow and unattentive. Overpriced. Didn't seem like anyone cared because 18% tacked into bill with party of 8. Brisket sandwich was horrible, au jus had no taste. Tourist trap for sure. $11 for a small house margarita. There are many, many better places to go. Should be no stars.In NOLA for jazzfest, needed to watch Knicks-Heat game two, saw the ad for Manning's on the bike taxis.  Sat in the recliner chairs , enjoyed some bourbon, tasty appetizers(duck wings, sweet potato wedges were a great surprise topped with goat cheese & bacon marmalade, alligator sausage sliders on nice brioche with home made chips).
I found the grid formed by the stacked tv screens distracting, I wonder why they do not have one solid flat screen?  Because they will be broadcasting from their "anchor desk"?  
Recommend enthusiastically as a place to watch a game & enjoy a drink & a bite to eat.First place we tried on our trip. I wasn't to impressed with there menu but seating outdoors was nice on a 80 degree day for sure. If U dine outside you order your food from the window and the server brings it to you. 
The shrimp PO boy was nothing to brag about was average came with chips. . I got the Andouille sausage & chicken  soup and that was real good. Lots of TVSWe were here for almost two full days for March Madness and the entire staff was great! Our favorite was Lauren, she was so nice! Scott was there both days and he was also extremely nice! We had a bunch of food and everything that we had was absolutely delicious. They were very accommodating and hospitable. If we're ever in New Orleans again, we are definitely coming back!From the outside, a typical looking sports bar. Come in and try the food  and I promise you'll be impressed. And that says alot for this city full of the best food in the nation. Great staff, great environment as far as seating and table space and once again the food is incredible. If you get Cassie as a server you'll be in for an extra treat. She guided me through the menu and pointed out all the best items to cure my mind splitting hangover. (Chefs soup, and bacon cheese burger add egg). And it was cheap!This is no doubt the worst food I have ever attempted to eat in NOLA. I can only assume the Manning name alone keeps this place open. I gave this place one star because yelp will not do a zero or minus numbers.
I sure hope Archie is making a bundle of money on this place, because it appears there is no money spent on quality control and training. The ribs were so over cooked hard they were not fit to eat. I would not give these ribs  to my dog. 
The cob salad was terrible and only came with ranch? The staff was rude and didn't seem to care about the slop they were serving. When it obvious that everything your serving isn't fit to eat and you don't even know the difference maybe you need to consider another line of work. 
Our whole group after just looking at this slop, left everything served behind, (paid) and we are going to find somewhere else to eat.
I had a dead phone and was with a group and no one looked at the horrible ratings. 
DON'T EAT HERE!Everyone so friendly!  Delicious BBQ shrimp with grit cakes and Manning pineapple mojito :-)  TONS of TV's, this is really an upscale sports bar.This is the first time I have ever ' yelped' but my experience was so unpleasant I had to warn others..... The food was actually pretty good we had gumbo, char grilled ceasar salad and filet. The steak was perfectly cooked. Our server, Tim, however was SO awful that we will probably never go back. There were several things done wrong or not done at all but the kicker was when we ordered two glasses of Pinot Noir to go with our steak and 10 minutes later they still weren't at the table! Then he shows up with Chardonnay and when we tell him we wanted Pinot Noir he got mad and would not talk to us the rest of our time there. Which was about a half hour since he had to go back to the bar for the right wine. I am a manager of a restaurant and have never seen such childish behavior! He just didn't talk...he slammed down the glasses and the check and that was that. My mom was paying and tipped $20 on $80 just so he wouldn't be able to justify the bad service but I was going to write him a note or talk to the manager but decided to just yelp about it. Good luck if you go and if you get Tim be prepared to wait for the wrong things and don't mention it to him or else!!!Had the ribeye steak. It was cooked perfectly! Had the apple bread pudding. Awesome! The service was also great. We were checked on my the server several times. Even the manager and hostess came by to Check on us. Very nice!I was looking for a place to catch the Astros/Dodgers game on a regional channel that my hotel didn't have. The guy at concierge recommended Manning's.  when I got there around 9pm, it was a bit empty, possibly due to Whitney White Linen Night (the Saturday in August).  When I asked the hostess if they could put the game on a TV, I was told that it was only on a TV at the bar, but it could be added if needed.  I told him the TV at the bar was fine.  My bartender was friendly, quick in getting my orders out.  And the best part was that the Astros won.  I did notice that Manning's had a big screen with 3 rows of 5 or 6 stadium seats in front of it.Chef Mike was awesome! He was friendly & personable. He guaranteed me there would be crawfish on Friday and he did not disappoint. All the food was fabulous. We LOVE the catfish appetizer! He is the sole reason we will return to Manning's. We love the atmosphere also.Well. I was starving so I stopped here for lunch. It is near the hotel and near the french quarter.  The place is huge with TVs all around. The typical sports bar. The waitress was friendly and funny! The food ok.Very disappointed. I booked a reservation for Super Bowl Sunday in November and was told that I would have a place to eat dinner. I just got an email saying that they cancelled my reservation. When I called I was old that they had to cancel my reservation because they needed it for an event. This is unacceptable.After being at Harrah's across the street our group came in for a quick dinner. We came in about 40 minutes before the kitchen closed so we knew we needed to order quickly. Decided to sit outside since the evening weather was nice. The staff seemed annoyed we arrived so close to closing. We each ordered a drink and an appetizer or entree. After eating my meal and trying a couple others, I don't think I would recommend this as a place to stop for food. The design of the restaurant was cool and would probably be a lot of fun to watch a football game and have some drinks.Do not fall for the appeal of going to the Manning family restaurant. It is a total tourist trip. What's worse is that because the family knows that people will keep coming, even the service does not seem to care if you have a positive experience. My friends and I came here for my friend's birthday because he is a huge Eli Manning fan. Let's just say that 2.5 hours after being seated and my friend never received his meal and was completely disillusioned by the experience. We left and we felt so bad about his experience that we did a do-over at another place the night after. The food wasn't horrible but not anything special either. Their seafood salad was smaller than the caesar salad (the size of a side salad) and yet it cost $2 more than the caesar. Complete rip-off! I'm sure that in NOLA there are much tastier, friendlier places to make great memories.We went for appetizers and a beer during happy hour. Beer and appetizers, half off, sounds pretty good, right?! The food was ok typical bar fare...nothing special. If I had to rate the place on food only, it would be a 3.5 or 4 stars. However, the bar was woefully understaffed (3 ladies working a full bar, several high tops and the patio) and one of the bartenders had an attitude that was beyond horrid. Couple that with the fact that my bartender somehow managed to not discount the appetizers, and the experience turned to marginal at best. 
Here's a suggestion folks...you're in the service industry....if you don't want to serve customers, find a job that doesn't involve people.Don't bother coming here to eat. Takes way too long took over an hour to get food and it wasn't even busy. Definitely not worth it. Peyton needs to check up on this because it wasn't impressive. Thanks for the waste of time.While the waitress was nice, the service was terrible.  Nobody helps anyone else, so your server is your server and nobody will help them.  Long wait times for average food at best.When we got here, there was a good wait of 20-25 mins they said for a table for 2, which was odd since there were so many tables open (a lot of the space was empty). Thankfully, we didn't have to wait in the end and got seated right away.
Let's be honest, I came here because I love Eli and Peyton (as well as a comped meal through Harrah's). 
The waiter we had was very friendly and polite.
For our meals, my mom got the ribs, which were pretty good but huge. The portion was ridiculously large. She couldn't finish it at all and left half on there.
I had the alligator sausage hot dog style sandwich, which was salty and spicy. There was just too much mustard on it I think. Once I scraped some off, it was better. The french fries that came with it were fried to perfection.
I also had the Archie Manning drink, which was like a Long Island Iced Tea. Very good but not as strong as one would like. 
Warning it is very loud in here since it's a sports bar. A lot of people screaming at the television screens and unruly children.
The food was what you'd expect from a chain like Applebee's or TGIFriday's but a little better in that it's got that cajun, New Orleans twist to the menu. 
I don't think I'd be rushing back but it wasn't awful.Thinking this place was just another sports bar.  Wow, was I ever wrong.  First the hostess knew her job.  She sat us right in the middle of all of the TV's so we can watch our favorite team play.  Now for our waitress Domminique (?).  She knew exactly what each item on the menu was all about.  I started to order some appetizers, but she said the Manning's Plater would be good.  Told her to get me her favorites.  She did not go wrong there.  The three were "Duck Wings", "Fried Catfish" and "Louisiana Crab Finger
Bordelaise".  Wow they were just delicious.  Out of all the places we ate in New Orleans, Manning's was the best and memorable.  Thank you to all that made our dinner so enjoyable.I recently visited Mannings restaurant during a road trip to New Orleans. My family and I were very pleased with our meal and our waiter named Langston. I started with the Archie manning specialty cocktail which had just enough sweetness for my liking. The menu was simple compared to some places who have pages and pages of overwhelming meal choices. Some of our menu choices were the crawfish mac & cheese, the deviled eggs, rack ribs and the smokehouse bbq sandwich. I would highly recommend any of these items. Our waiter, Langston, was extremely polite and showed southern charm when addressing or answering my family as "yes ma'am" which my family really liked. If you are planning on visiting Mannings restaurant in the near future I highly recommend you request Langston to be your server.Nice clean place with reasonable prices.  Great place to watch a game.  Had the fries pickles and they were a little overcooked but still good.  Can't say enough good things about the catfish,  it was cooked to perfection and the flavor was great.There is a good selection of bar foods and southern cuisine, which gives tourist a good sampling of New Orleans cuisine while still providing safe options for the less adventurous eater. There is also a good drink menu for those who need a cold brew while enjoying the game on multiple big screens throughout the restaurant. They have a few games that are attractive for those with kids. The service is good and the ambiance is clean. Overall, a good experience.Great sports bar! Big screen outside showing football, with open windows for ordering at the bar. Lots of tvs including an area with 4 screens and big comfy lazy boys it is very open and bright with lots of sports memorabilia signed by the Mannings. It's very clean, unlike my regular watering holes at home. I wish we had one of these in Atlanta! 
Food was pretty good and drinks are very good.The staff and management were extremely friendly and super nice. The meal was excellent!  The pulled pork sandwich was delicious.Too bad a respectable NOLA family is associated with this mediocre offering. Arrogant wait staff and tasteless food. Try one of the surrounding places for food with flavor. If you just want a beer and a game this could be your tourist trap...perfect for yankee wannabe jocks.Another sports bar....and a welcomed one in this tourist trap!  The staff is friendly, food is honest, and prices fair.
Happy hour is the best in the area.   If you are here for a convention, make this a stop from 4-6pm as a pregame must!!!!Great service.  My husband spilled his tea & it went into my purse!  Two waiters grabbed it up faster than I could and stemmed the flow of tea before it ran into our laps.  They were very gracious and made sure to refill his tea and make him feel a little less embarrassed.  The crab stuffed deviled eggs are to die for!  Our poor boy was great.  Would return.Wow. So disappointed. Redfish poboy was bland and the bread was disappointing. The nachos were just plopped together and the fries seem like they just didnt care. Im really disappointed and would not recommend this to anyone. The server and manager were very understanding and polite and I tried not to sound rude, but I had to be honest. Based on the server and managers attempt to appease us, I'd rank this place higher, but I gotta be honest. Decor and sports bar atmosphere are great. Theater style seating looks cool. I just hope the food gets better.Ice cold delicious beer with great service but mediocre food. Might come back for sheer not the food!Disappointing unfortunately. Our server took our order and that is the last we saw her until we had another server find her to give us the check. We has the French dip- overpriced and under seasoned and considering how messy it was we only had a cloth napkin when we needed many paper napkins that we did not get. That was very annoying and like I said we did not see our server at all. 
I really wanted to like Manning's being a big football fan and a Archie Manning fan as a child but sorry to say I will not be back.Lots of TV screens to monitor every and all athletic events-it was a plus for us as we were watching the world cup, but if you are not completely in to sports it would be torturous.  Food was really not that great.  Service was average.  The hostess seemed quite bored to be there and all of the servers seemed to be hanging about the back of the restaurant.  They all seemed to have the same attitude as the hostess.  There are plenty of sports bars in NOLA with excellent food.  We don't plan to return to this one.I really enjoyed our meal here! We had a large group of 8 teens and 2 adults and they had no problem seating us. The staff was friendly and nice. I had the fried green tomatoes and bacon salad and broiled catfish. The catfish was some of the best I've had - seasoned to perfection! Wish there was one closer to where I live! Our teens loved the recliners! If I ever head back to New Orleans, I'll be back at Manning's!I don't get the bad reviews at all. I've been twice this week and the food is banging! I'd recommend The Who Dat Fries, the Hangover Burger, and Pecan Beignets. OMG, huge portions and amazing taste. The service is good too and the place is noisy but nice (if you dig sports of all types). Many TV screens with games playing and outdoor area, too. If you want a "stick to your ribs" meal, this place is for you! They have games for kids ($1 a play) like football and basketball machines. I've not seen unhappy people here. I'd go again in a moment's notice!Waited 15 min yo be seated at 2 PM,  while the restaurant was empty. Then waited 15 more for a drink that came with much sass. Server brought me a bottle when u asked for drought beer then gave me attitude when I asked for a glass which never arrived. All 4 of our entrees came out cold but had hot sides. Server never inquired. 4 tables walked out in my section. I'm a local and expect more from a restaurant.  All around terrible experience.  Won't be back 
Had to add this ; 
Was brought bill and waited 30 min for waitress. Never came so I brought it to her stand where she was rolling silverwareThe food is very good actually for a sports bar. However the service for the price of the food is atrocious. If there isn't a game on you are wanting to see skip thisTerrible. I ate here on my vacation to New Orleans and got good poisoning and it ruined my entire trip. Plus, the service was also the worst service I have ever had.If you are going here for the TV's and beer you are going to the right spot. If you want to impress your company over some awesome food find another place, this isn't even cheap good bar food, fast food is similar status.We've been here a few times. My biggest problem with this place is the small menu. Now that that's out of the way lets talk turkey! 
Buffalo Chicken Wings: they're OK, I like how they have chunks of blue cheese drizzled on top of em. 
Spinach Artichoke Crab Dip: DEELICIOUS! I'm not a fan of SA dip but let me tell you this stuff was great!
Chicken Bruschetta Pasta: A fusion food. It's like pasta and chicken bruschetta got together and made a baby sans bread covered in olive oil. Tasted good ! 
Cobb Salad w/Dijon Mustard Dressing: O-M-G ! Bacon, blue cheese, and avocado in a salad?! YESSSS!! (it had other stuff too but who cares when BACON!!) I ended up switching with my mother to eat this masterpiece. (~dries tear~ sorry you guys I get emotional over my salads). My new favorite, will order this next time I'm in the neighborhood.  
Herb Infused Roasted Half-Chicken: No, nope do not pass go, do not collect 200 dollars, go straight to jail. This is the most underseasoned, flavorless chicken I've ever had in my entire life! A Sam's Club chicken has more flavor! 
It looks like a great place to watch a game, ANY game they have multiple TV's and a HUGE one smack dab in the middle! The service was good considering last time we went it was 30 minutes before closing, and our nice waitress was nice enough to send us home with a few loaves of bread.This place used to be special. Not any more. Blah menu. Slow service.
My order got messed up and instead of apologizing my server just told me it wasn't her fault. I didn't even eat my food - it wasn't very good... except the fries. The fries were good!We came here to watch Giants game!  The beers were cheap and the food was better than expected.  I wasn't having high hope since this is a sport bar.  Surprisingly, the bar food was great!  We had chicken & andouille sausage gumbo, naked wings,   Spanish artichoke crab dip and smokehouse BBQ sandwich.  The sandwich was tender and delicious!My husband is a big fan of the Mannings and wanted to eat here.  I was pleasantly surprised by how good the food was.  I has the yellow fin salad Nicoise and it was perfection!  My husband ordered a PO boy everywhere and he was happy with his choice as well.  My only regret is that I didn't get back there for another before we left town.  
Others in our group were not able to get in there in the evening.  It's a very popular place. We had a late lunch and it was quiet and the service excellent.Really disappointing - Sysco caliber crap. Shocked the Mannings would put something so subpar on the market. Shrimp in the po boy had zero flavor.Food was terrible.  Shrimp gumbo was the worst we had in New Orleans. It was watery and bland with very little shrimp.  We waited two hours to be seated and it was a huge disappointment.  To be fair, the ribs  were pretty good.  This is a place to be visited only by Peyton Manning fans.  Not for any other reason.Expensive bar food. Wouldn't accept a large reservation (10) on a week night so we had to wait outside; even with several open tables inside since they were short handed. The air conditioning didn't work so it was hot and stagnant inside. Really felt like a large chain style sports bar. Not the vibe I usually look for when I'm in New Orleans. Not terrible, but not on my list when I go back.This place is not good. Service is very slow and the food is mediocre. In a city known for great food, you can do better.Very cool place! Fun! Our server was good! The food is fine, nothing great. Burgers were good, the onion rings were cold but good. Lots of memorabilia on the wall. About 100 TVs going. Good atmosphere but not great food. Peyton would've wanted better but.....The whole place felt like a glorified Applebee's. The service was very ok, the food was sub-par, and the entire building is extremely loud even when there are only a few people in there. If this restaurant was in any other city, it would get three stars, but being in New Orleans, I expected a lot better for the price. A $14 burger! Are you kidding me?! And $7 for NOLA Blonde. That's ridiculous.Great food and nice, loud atmosphere.  During Mardi. Gras you want someplace comfortable and quick.  This was it.  The French dip was Amazing,  the crab toes were amazing and the beer selection was great as well.  Our server, Khalila,  was quick, personable, and accommodating for a family with a toddler.  Recommend this place if you're in the area!First time in NOLA and wanted to try different restaurants. Came to Manning's because of the good reviews. My 3 sisters and I were ready to walk out after entering and being over looked twice by the hostess to be seated. I didn't want to think it was a racial thing but that was our conclusion. It wasn't packed at all and we were the only customers waiting to be seated. The couple behind us told the hostess twice that my party was here first so we should be seated before them. The hostess's face was balled up the entire time when asking the number in our party and seating us. Didn't say enjoy your meal, thank you, you're waitress will be right with you, NOTHING after showing us where we were sitting. Our waitress, Marigny, was a breath of fresh air though. She made me forget all about the horrible experience we had when we first arrived. She was very kind and had a smile on her face the whole time and was very attentive. She is the only reason for the 4 stars! Food was pretty good but over priced for portion sizeMy husband and I had a great experience here. I am a vegan so I look at menus before sitting down, to make sure there is something on it that I can eat. Well right away a supervisor named Scott said not to worry, his chef could whip me up some roasted vegetables. So we stayed and what they brought me out was delish! Not to mention Scott than came over personally to ask me how it was. My husband got the ribs and liked them as well. Our server was very friendly and on the ball too!The hostess was a ditz.  I asked how long for a table of two and she told me 5 minutes.  She then started talking to other guests and completely forgot about me.  She proceeded to seat two other groups that came in after me. When I said something to her she realized she had forgotten to even put me on the wait list.  She didnt even apologize. she just added us to the wait list which was now over a half hour long.  We left and I won't be back.  The place is very disorganized and there are plenty of other sports bars in town.Cold food, horrible will never go back. Manager needs to read reviews and make corrections.  business is busy but the bad reviews will catch up with them.Great place for a Sunday funday! Food is average. Make sure you sit in the lounge vhairs4Been to Manning's a few times before just for bar service. I took my family there to watch the game and eat dinner. Service was terrible. Food was terrible. Some of the food was served raw. It took 30+ minutes for the waiter to come back with a single refill and that's only because we asked the manager to handle it for us. The manager, Wendy, was kind and tried to make up for everything, but it was too far gone. Thanks for trying, but I won't be back. Walk ons is just down the street and always has better food and service. Really any restaurant would. 
Also worth noting, they didn't compensate in any way. They just wanted us to come back again tomorrow and spend more wasted money to try again.
First time in my life that anyone in my family has left a restaurant without giving a tip. It was just that bad.Really nothing to write home about this place. I really wanted to like this place because the decor, location and theme are great. But service is horrible. There was about 15 people in the place on a Saturday afternoon and we were told an hour wait. So we sit in bar area at a table and have to go to bar every time we wanted a drink or to put an app order in. Very slow with drinks and food was not worth the price. Two stars for cleanliness and decor, zero stars for food quality and customer service.I love the fact that this is owned by the dad of the Mannings crew! I am a huge football fan so this place is great! I wish we had one similar in Houston. I came for breakfast/brunch on a Sunday, so I did not get to experience the actual viewing of a football game but I sure wish I could. I can only imagine the chaos when the saints are playing!!! I bet that's fun. They have a theater-like sitting/viewing area and the TV's are huge! Indoor and outdoor seating WITH THE TV'S!!! a HUGE ONE ALSO.. = )
My type of spot for a sports venue and its so clean!!!!! 
On top of the awesome venue it is, the food was great as well. You can really tell they use fresh products and of good quality. My server did give me an omelet that had eggs instead of egg whites (which I requested) but its cool. It was still delish and the beignets we ordered were REALLY GOOD! I posted some pics of the food but we ate the beignets before I could remember...LOL
They have a steak and eggs which is really bomb! The eggs come out looking as though they are on a magazine page.. looking quite perfect, in other words.
Definitely will come again and I'm hoping I can catch a game this time.. you gotta love that NOLA SPIRIT!Food is great and service is just as good.  The jambalaya is AMAZING!!Overpriced mediocre food. Ordered an $8 "bowl" of gumbo that was the size of a cup and half full (notice I'm trying to be a bit of an optimist here) and an order of mac 'n cheese that didn't come with any cheese to speak of. So all in all, slightly disappointing.Placed a reservation at 10 am Sunday morning for the Broncos game at 3 pm on the big screen at the recliner section. Was informed that if we showed up anytime before our reservation we had the reservation of recliners when we showed up and had a seat at the big screen.  Food was over salted and added spice to cover up lack of flavor.  
Drinks over priced and half sized shots. Bathrooms on a Sunday afternoon were as dirty as 130am bourbon street bars. Our waitress was great but poor girl had to sell a over priced product of Mannings. My wife would like to add the recliners were comfy if you cover the 50 dollar per game tab.Just came to watch a Broncos game and they said it would be on a smaller screen. They said they couldn't change it, instead they were showing the cowboys who have lost seven in a row. This place is called Mannings not Homos! This place sucks!As a sports fan my husband gives this 5 stars. Standard bar food. But excellent viewing of all the screens where you can enjoy sports of all kinds. I loved the beignets and was surprised how delicious and piping hot they were. You must try them!I'm giving 4 stars for customer service by Chris.  Kitchen was real slow but Chris went out of his way to make us feel better.  Communication is key.  Thank you Chris!!Great people, great atmosphere and great food! Quasha was a true gem! She was so fun and so knowledgeable and truly made the experience complete for us. It also didn't hurt that Archie stopped by! Thanks Q and thanks Mannings for a memorable experience!!Worst sports bar in the continental US.  Food is horrible, how do you screw up wings?  They have the Sunday Ticket yet do not know how to work it properly.I gave Manning's one star because I can't give it a zero!
We wound up not even eating there. There were 9 of us and really wanted to try Manning's. When we arrived, we were told there'd be a wait and that was OK, but after about 45 minutes and seeing a number of empty tables, one of our party talked to the manager and was told that they wouldn't do anything to try to build us a table by holding small tables until they could put them together.
At that point, we left and went across the street to a competitor who took care of us immediately.Tried the nacho's. horrible choice. The chips were soggy. All of the toppings were on one small portion of the chips and they were still soggy. All of the items we ordered came out cold. Ballpark food is 10 times better. Seven Eleven food would have been better. The Mannings would be apalled if they dined here. We did send the nacho's back and they graciously took them off the bill. Waitress was very pleasant. Never saw a Manager. It was Mardi Gras weekend and the place was empty that should have given us a clue. It also took a very long time for the food. Run away while you can there are too many other good choices in town.The venue completely fits with the Fulton Street vibe of sidewalk cafe and offers something different, a semi-upscale sports restaurant.  It's a nicer Fox and Hound with New Orleans cuisine...think of taking the okay looking guy down the street and giving him a Banana Republic makeover and wow!  That's Mannings.
The are plenty of sports-themed touches without it feeling like a locker room.    Details make this place worthwhile, for example, different types of seating options including theater style seats in front of a huge big screen to a banquet set up and private rooms.  Menu is smaller than you might think, but perfect, as it shows they are true to New Orleans' inspired food and don't overwhelm with you with indecision. 
Servers are attentive and knowledgeable.  I love the use of stapes:  Zapp's Crawtator crusted drum; Hubig's pie a la mode; Pepsi Cola cake; etc...very cool and super tasty.  The laginappe platter is a modest but great way to start off your meal.  I also recommend the macaroni and cheese; this isn't for kids, this is an awesome culinary delight made with Gruyere and wine or truffle butter - super delicious and made with long spaghetti noodles.  The mirliton dressing is also delicious and devoid of seafood which is suprising, but you won't miss it.  I promise.  My personal recommendation is the oyster & grits.  The grits are served room temperature with tasso and green onions and the oysters were lightly battered and fried perfectly.
I can't wait to go back and try more of the menu; hopefully they won't make any more changes.  The server advised that the "whoppie pie" was removed from the menu on Saturday, which tells you that comment cards go a long way here! =)The lovely servers took good care of my with gracious Southern hospitality.  We wanted to grab a quick meal to go and they were attentive to each little request and in short notice.  The beignets were tasty!The food is incredibly good! I give it 3 stars just because it was so yummy!! 
Unfortunately, our service was quite terrible. A Sunday afternoon, 1/4 full and our server couldn't be found the whole time. Not cool.I'll preface this review that my three stars is probably a bit generous since my meal was free. Thanks for the comps Harrahs! 
As far as the food....get a burger. Can't really go wrong. Some of the other items weren't so good. Decent place to watch a game, but food was standard bar food. OK if you need something to fill your stomach, but there are too many other options close by if you're looking for some tasty options. If I'm back it will be for another free stomach filling.Excellent place to eat. 
Had dinner with my son and girlfriend.
Good service.
Recommend anyone to eat there.Upon arriving I was pretty excited. It looked really nice with a great atmosphere. We put in our name and the game we want to watch. Told that there's no specific time. So after 2hrs of waiting I'm told they aren't going to show our game.  (Top 25 matchup) The manager got us a seat outside with a small tv, but then I find out we can only order from the tailgate menu because we aren't seated inside. So I'm left to pay $13 for a subpar burger and a bag of chips. I will never step foot in this place again. Not even an apology. This restaurant in one word- underwhelming.Great sports bar with stellar food. TVs galore with an amazing outdoor patio area. 
VIP area is nice (but didn't sit there). 
Overall, our favorite sports bar so far in NOLA. Definitely will go back for any sporting event!!First impression upon walking in is that the place is huge and they have more TV's than you have ever seen.  Not a bad thing.  Then you try to speak with a hostess to get a table and EVENTUALLY they will acknowledge you but then on my first visit for Monday Night Football I was told that no tables were available.  Okay, that seemed a bit strange given that I saw at least 5-10 four tops that were completely open and only a couple people who appeared to be waiting for tables by the host station but instead we chose to sit at the bar, have a few drinks, and some appetizers.  Even at the bar service was fairly slow but they made an okay drink and finally the food came out after quite a long wait.  Cochon de Lait tacos were actually quite good - after adding salt.  The side dish of Mac & Cheese was also decent - after adding salt.
The space has huge ceilings and lots of wood and TV's as you would expect from an upscale sports bar, plus the outside courtyard including bar seats that are served through open windows is a pretty cool option.  There only appeared to be one large TV outside though so for watching games it's probably not ideal.  In terms of food it appears Manning's does a decent job for a sports bar other than the kitchen having an aversion to salt so only eat here if you're comfortable adding salt to bring out the flavor in whatever you order.
On my first vist Manning's was average or maybe a bit below - it's obviously got a ton of Harrah's money in it so I don't really call this a "locally owned" place despite Archie Manning's involvement.  I'd like to go with 2.5 stars (which Yelp reviews appear to have pegged perfectly) but will round down to 2 and I definitely prefer to spend my money at local places in the future.  However, with the lack of good sports bars in NOLA where you can get a seat and have decent food I may return to Manning's at some point.  I'd like to hope it will be better, but all around there is little indication that much improvement can be expected.Just plain bad menu for this or any location in fact, but the food options don't work. Who serves fried eggplant with cocktail sauce?! Sports bar with entrées that are $25-38 each? WTF?! Try another local place for food and just come here to drink and watch one of the 200 TV's.I went to the Restaurant because it is in a great location and I am a big fan of the Mannings. I was very surprised that shrimp creole was very bland as was the macaroni.  The waitress did not come back to refill our drinks when  we asked the other waiters they could not help us but had to get the waitress who still did not come.
The restaurant is a good place to have a drink enjoy all the televisions sit back in an easy chair but not to have lunch or dinner I wanted to have a different experience.For an all star family of quarterbacks to have their name of this restaurant is sad. The food would not make the taxi squad. TVs and drinks are great. Service was slow food tasted as if everything came from a freezer prepackaged. Except the pulled porkIt took an hour and twenty minutes to get our order. The waitress was very apathetic. We had to ask for utensils after finally receiving our burgers. Please spare yourself the disappointing casual dining experience . How does Manning allow a restaurant like this to operate so poorly? I'm sure it won't last.Disappointing drinks and food. Sangria tasted like cough medicine. Burger came out of an aluminum tray. Not even a shaker at the bar. Nothing fresh. 
Mr Manning should be embarrassed about the quality of his product.
There's a reason this place only has 2.5 stars on yelp.Best sangria i have had in a long time, came here for lunch and loved having all the games on. Great sports bar and loved it not being near as much of the crowds.This has to be the worst restaurant I've ever been to.The food was the most vile thing I've ever had. I ordered the deviled eggs and  chicken wings. The deviled eggs had shells all in them and were tasteless. The chicken wings were the most disgusting wings I've ever tasted. They come over cooked and appear to be sitting out all day. There's a disgusting sticky sauce slathered all over that taste like soy sauce mixed with Tabasco and honey. Literally the most repulsive thing I've ever had served to me...  I would never come back here even if I was paid. Eli Manning should be embarrassed to put his name on a place like this.Food was amazing!! The service was amazing too!! Ashley was so attentive and thoughtful!!!! This is how good he beignets were, empty plate. Nachos and spinach were the bomb!Drinks were bad, really watery. Food worse. Service slow. My friend couldn't eat more than 2 wings because they were just not good. The inside looks cool and there are a lot of tvs for games but everything else was that bad. Come here  to watch a game, but don't order anything.We had a group of 8, which isn't hard to accommodate here. We were told we would have a 30 minute wait (reasonable). My friends went immediately to the bar to grab drinks and it took 30 minutes for the bartender to get them. The blonde behind the bar was extremely rude and even rolled her eyes at us. We were texted by mistake when it was our turn to sit down, and were told we would have to wait another 10 minutes. An hour and a 15 minutes after we walked into the restaurant, we were seated. It took another 10 minutes for the waitress to come take our drink order. We finally got our drinks 15 minutes later and our food 30 minutes later--a full 2 hours after we walked into the door.  We had to ask for refills on our water, and we had to ask for various things twice. The manager made her rounds to every table except ours. The waitress forgot to put in the dessert order, so we had to wait for that, too. We spent a total of 3 hours at this restaurant. It was a horrible experience. We will not be coming back.Theater style seating to watch a ball game.  You cannot beat it.  The outsoor courtyard is also fantastic and spacious.  If they where to revamp the menu, and improve their service, this would be the best sports bar in New Orleans, and one of the best you'd find anywhere.  Being a fan of the Manning's, seeing all the cool memorabilia makes it worth the trip for me.Great location, service and food!  The seafood special, gumbo, and shrimp po boy were great. Te beignets were TO DIE FOR!!  Best of all was Laquasha for service!  She was awesome!!!!  Awesome outdoor seating options too!Good food, attentive service. Got to interact with Archie, which was cool. If you go on Wednesdays, prepare for a live radio broadcast about Tulane sports. Reasonable prices for the drinks and food. Steaks are pretty good, snack food is great.Service at the bar was poor. When my glass is empty I'm used to some help. It was so poor that I actually felt bad for the bartenders.Great atmosphere to watch a ball game.  Went there to watch the A.L. playoffs on their 15ft wide TV.  Then, Archie Manning showed up.  Chatted with us for a few, took some pictures with us.  Real class act.  Would've gotten 5 stars, but we couldn't get a waitress on the outdoor patio, so we had to keep going inside to get food and drinks.  Staff inside were great.Sitting outside watching the LSU/A&M. There are very uncomfortable wicker chairs and couches out here. There are obviously missing cushions. Guess we aren't important enough to break out the comfortable setting 
To be fair, after some initiative by people from our party, cushions were found and placed on the wicker furniture. It bothers me that the employees from the establishment didn't inform us about the cushions. Without them the furniture is very uncomfortable. Live and learn.Well my friends and I stopped here for a breather on our bike ride last night  and recieved nothing but bad attitudes from the staff mostly the lady bartenter. She told a few of my friends she would not serve them if she wasn't making a huge tip from them ordering and also told them that there was a bucket with water in it on the side of the building that had water in it we could drink. I really think by me being in my food service business my self for over 8 years that it was very unprofessional and unethical of someone to tell a customer such a very vile comment I think her name was Kayla but I do know it started with a K. If this is the treatment you give Paying customers well you will never get my Business with Employees like this one.The bar menu is not great and the food was average. The nachos were mostly covered in cheez whiz. The big screens are nice and the recliners in front very comfortable. The hostess and server were friendly and attentive.Mannings is one of my favorite places to come and watch a game in New Orleans. They have a huge courtyard with a big screen tv with sofas , chairs, bar benches and tables, whatever you like. I ride my bike and take a seat on the couch and on a nice day or night its a pleasant experience. There is nobody hounding you to buy food or drinks and a convenient window to order when you are ready. The food or drinks come to you by your assigned number at your location. Of the food I have had much of it has not been that good though I did have a pulled pork special that was great and a huge cobb salad for only $10 which is a deal. What makes this place the winner for me is the courtyard location.Hostess sat us down at our table and 20 minutes later no server came by our table, Servers went by us and try to get one to come to our table and it was like we were bothering them. So my wife and I left and went to Gordon's and on our way hostess ask why we were leaving just told her nobody came to our table. She stated I will take care of this and get somebody to handle it and we told thanks but no thanks.Decent bar food - the sweet corn pudding is worth the trip alone. Good place to go when there's a crowd in town - hangout, eat, great facilities. Fried grill cheese kinda freaks me out.Sorry Archie. loved your football days and respect your boys but your restaurant needs help.  Brought 20 staff for dinner and had one server??   The poor kid broke her butt and the kitchen sent meals in waves.  My table mate ate and left before I got a medium rare burger that came well done and cold.  the division VP was served 65 minutes after ordering a burger.  C'mon Man!!!  Get a manager who knows the biz and the place will double the revenue.. great place to watch a game as long as I pack food from next door.Went in on a Sunday to watch football. They were not overly busy even though the Saints game had just let out. The atmosphere is good with lots of TV's but we sat at the bar for 25 minutes before the rude, uninterested bartender took our drink order - she made no eye contact while walking past us 50 times.  
We left after one drink because of the terrible service. The people next to us ordered wings which looked horrible although in fairness, we didn't eat here.  The place could be cleaner, agree with the previous reviewer that I would not want my last name on this restaurant!I was pretty disappointed with this place.  I had expectations that this would be a cool spot with good food and soon learned that was not the case.  From the moment we walked in, we had sub-par service.  The hostess never said "hello" or "welcome" or any greeting for that matter.  She frantically looked down at her monitor and then popped up and said - "this way."  She seemed strange!
I still had hope... The layout was cool and all the Manning's memorabilia on the walls was nice...but it wasn't enough!
It is set up perfectly for watching sports but that's it.  The food was NOT good.  We compared it to room service and even that isn't fair cause I had some pretty great room service.  I had a burger and it was dry and just not good at all.  The fries were over seasoned.  The steak was excellent MINUS the pool of sauce it was resting in.  The ruined a perfectly good steak with too much sauce!
Generally speaking, I doubt that I will be back.  The service was not great and the food was hugely disappointing.  There were two tables of tourists who were irate and asked for a manager. We were actually reserved in our judgement.  
It's clear that The Manning's wanted a restaurant but didn't want to run a restaurant.  I think they will want to get a handle on how Harrah's is running their namesake.Horribly managed.  One of the worst sports bars I've ever been to in the country.  30 TVs' set in no order that are apparently programmed in concrete and can't be changed although no one is watching it.  If by chance a table for 4 is open next to the TV with the game you want you can't sit there if a table for two is available across the room where you can't see the game you want to watch.  Oh yea, there is no one else waiting for a table.  They want to keep the table for 4 open in case a party of 4 walks through the doors of the half empty place.  Never again...I'd rather get some good food as takeout somewhere else and watch the game at home.If you're staying nearby, Manning's is fine as a sports bar - plenty of TVs and drink choices.
The food itself was mediocre - think chain restaurant like Chili's/Applebee's with a cajun/creole twist. Despite there not being many other patrons in the restaurant, our order took forever to come out.
However, kudos to the front of house staff: the hostesses made us feel welcome and Quesha impressed me with her excellent service and fun, friendly demeanor!Poor food and service. Was not impressed.
The crab claws were tough and dry. They forgot to put in my entree and side, when asked about it, they put in the entree but forgot my side. Once I received the entree the fish was not good-extremely fishy. They did finally bring me my Brussel sprouts, which were the only good thing I got.Food wasn't too bad and service wasn't too bad after a shaky start where I waited for what seemed forever to have someone come to my table. My turkey wrap was OK, although very drippy. They mayo was like a liquid running out making a mess. Beer selection here is pretty poor for a sports bar. Convenient to hotels in the area so that's why it gets a 3, not a 2.A huge let down! Not only was service nonexistent, the food was disappointing and overpriced.  Walking into the establishment, we were left unwelcomed by both the host and manager that were holding a conversation at the door.  We decided to go to the bar and after seeing a dirty counter top decided to head outside. There was no server so we had to go back to the bar to order. Tables outside were dirty, my food was incorrect, no manger ever greeted us and no server ever thought to ask if we needed anything.  There must of been some issue that day with a employee because we overheard someone being scolded, while smoking a cigarette with the manger on duty.  I would NEVER recommend this establishment, and definitely never go back to it. 
A waste of $50 for sure!Waited almost two hours for a table, which we understood because it was a Saturday but turn the corner and see a dozen empty tables. Waited almost another 20 minutes to place our drink order. Asked the manager to put the main game on and was told there was a "specific" way the TVs had to be set up. Spoke to another manager and he put the game on right away for us. In a total of 3 hours we got 2 drinks and the waitress messed up our checks so bad she asked that I just pay my friend instead of trying to fix it. Won't be back.The restaurant is filthy and the food is terrible.  The entrance doors are dirty and so are the dining table, condiment holders, salt & pepper shakers, etc.  The tables and chairs are sticky and dirty.  The restroom is disgusting.   It's a shame because it is in the best location, and also because I am a huge fan of the Manning family.  When I visited New Orleans, I couldn't wait to go here.  Boy was I disappointed.   I'm not sure anyone from the Manning family has visited it in a while, because it wouldn't be in such poor shape.Had the BLT and It was really bad.  Friend had the French Dip and said it was fair.  Been there three times now and I won't go back.  Each time the food is less the favorable.So disappointed that Manning's has lost its charm and become an arcade! When it opened, it had one of the best Sports  Bar menus in town ... duck wings to die for ..stuffed sweet potatoes skins ..filled with goat cheese!! It has always been a pleasure to watch the ' Opening of the Olympics '.. and of course our beloved Saints games.  Today.. with hopes of watching the US Open .. I arrived to a mostly empty venue.. All tvs were tuned to football.. and I was told that a
Channel could be provided but no audio would be available for tennis !!  TIme  to find a new venue .. 
         So sad .. cI took my best friend from out of town to Manning's Sunday afternoon just to show her the place and get a quick appetizer. I was a little concerned about arriving at 4pm because many restaurants take forever during the slow time between lunch and dinner, but everything was timely. Our server TimBer (great name btw) was excellent. We always had everything we needed and were in and out, just like we wanted. The food was good too, and my friend really liked the place. My daughter loves Manning's because "It's footbally", she says, lol, so we've been several times, and we'll keep going back.This place is just... forgettable. I went once and sat inside. The burger was juicy, fresh, and well seasoned. I also got the waitress to give me a side of a special sauce the ktichen made for another dish to use as spicy mayo - the key ingredient to any good burger. I enjoyed it. The second time I went, I sat outside. The wait staff was HORRIBLE. Getting the order wrong 3x and bringing it back 3x. Also, the last time it came-- it was cold. I give up! Burger was burnt and dry. Waitress didn't know anything about the sauce and didn't get me any even though I mentioned what dish it came on. Needless to say, I was disappointed. The manager was very courteous though and gave the whole table a round of tequila shots on the house, she even took one with us. Not bad for a nice sunday afternoon. But, avoid unless you're just looking for a free tequila shot.