Thought everything here was outstanding - by far the best meal I've had in NOLA.
We started with the grilled artichokes which were fabulous.  Next we had the mista salad which had eggplant croutons.  I will now always want eggplant croutons on every salad.  Fried brussel sprouts, eggplant Palermo, Italian wine flight - everything was superb.
We ate at the bar as the restaurant was fully booked.  The servers were friendly, gracious, and helpful.  The restaurant wasn't too loud which allowed for pleasant conversations with neighbors at the bar.
So to summarize, wonderful food, great wines, gracious service allowing guests to linger made for a memorable evening.  Do not hesitate to come to this restaurant.We are from Florida so we are used to good seafood. We were craving some good Italian food and found this place based on reviews. It didn't disappoint. We started off with the mussels which had so much flavor with a little bit of a quick. We split a Caesar that was not over powerful with the dressing. The entrees were phenomenal. I ordered the Spaghetti which was flavorful, generous in proportion, and rich. The tomato wasn't overcompensating so it had a lot of flavors you could taste. My boyfriend ordered the scallops. These were astounding with a clean and smooth texture, delicious buttered, and dec"ious. The tiramisu was the best I've had.FOOD:  I had the Marsala Pork Cheek and my partner had the  Pollo Arrostito. Both were amazing. We don't normally order chicken dishes, but glad we did this time. It was one of the best chicken dishes we have ever had (not exaggerating). The Pork Cheek was incredibly tender, fell apart when using my fork to cut. And the Marsala sauce was the best I have had--so flavorful. The Brussel sprouts were very good as well (had too many loose leafs for my taste, but they were still good). 
SERVICE:  Great service, always had everything we needed. I expressed concern that I wouldn't have enough Marsala sauce, since I altered the dish by substituting Angel hair pasta for the polenta, and the waitress brought out a little dish of sauce (without me asking). The sommelier had great suggestions, giving us several bottles to choose from. 
Overall, very pleased with our experience and would definitely recommend to others.Awesome food, Service, &  ambience!!!  Be sure and order several dishes to share!!! The Charcuterie  board is enough for the whole table!! I recommend several antipasti  and then share all the desserts!!Stumbled upon this gem. At the next door restaurant but craving Italian for a celebratory meal. Not a great deal of Italian places in the big easy,esp French Quarter. Staff was incredible in getting ressie- non available through open table. 
Table in front of kitchen. Owners adolescent son dressed to kill in 3 piece suit was helping watch the back line. So impressive. Staff was attentive. Food was excellent. Tasty sauces seasoned right. We asked for Tabasco( which they didn't have) but didn't need it. The marinara was spiced well. 
DH had veal parm, son had salmon and I had veal Palermo. Delicious . Just what we'd had been craving. Portions nice not supper huge. Enjoyed the aracini- large family size portion to share. The Cesar salad was good too. Got free cannoli for our 18th wedding anniversary. Yummy! 
Will be back next time we are in NOLA!!I loved this place and would have given it 5 stars except the entrance area was under construction with Mardi Gras preparation. Eggplant Palermo was so yummy that my mouth is still watering a day later. Fun because you can also pick your own bottle of wine from the back room, if you are so inclined.What a great find. Here at a convention. We randomly piced them for dinner. Great food. Great wine selection. Servers were very attentive and helpful. Highly recommend.Food is outstanding as well as service. We went for dinner and next day returned for lunch. As appetizer we had Calamari and the cheese board. The guapo salad is fantastic and the entrees( wild boar ragu, linguine with shrimp and the fish of the day with veggies) were delicious. Highly recommend .This place was amazing! The food and service was top notch! There were a lot of locals dining when we were there-a sign of a great place!Terrific food, great service, can't wait to go back. Get the Meatball, feta, pine nut appetizer. Love the bread!!!Our server, Kelly, was delightful. The concept of perusing around to select your own wine is very progressive and fun. The gentleman that assisted us was knowledgeable and very helpful. He suggested a very delicious Italian blend and also gave us some fun facts while he was helping us. I very much enjoyed that. The artichoke appetizer is outstanding. Ordered the fish of the day, it was salmon. My boyfriend had the gnocchi. I asked to substitute fried Brussel sprouts in place of my vegetable mixture and I was very unsatisfied. My Brussel sprouts were under cooked and tough to chew. My boyfriend's gnocchi was also not cooked all the way. He also ordered risotto and never received it. Over all I am sadly underwhelmed. But I will return and am open to giving them another try. I have faith in this restaurant. You can see the potential. Great atmosphere. Beautiful restaurant. And not for nothing, my salmon was cooked to perfection. Maybe it just wasn't our night. And that's okay!This place was a great change from the typical French Quarter tourist traps. Based on Yelp reviews I made a reservation, which I would suggest since they were crowded on a Tuesday night. 
The arancini was amazing because it was stuffed with, not only, saffron rice and cheese...but also peas!  I decided to get the Prosseco shrimp as my entree.  I was concerned it would be too heavy due to the cream sauce but I think it was a perfect sized dish. Also there were 5 large Gulf shrimp that were about the size of baby lobsters and tasted like they were caught earlier that day. 
My fiancé got the Marsala pork cheek served with polenta. I tasted the pork cheek and it was full of flavor because the end were slightly charred and carmelized, yet the meat stayed tender. 
The wine!  I think what impressed me the most was the wine experience. There is wine on shelves and racks throughout the restaurant because they also sell bottles at retail prices. Which means you do not get the typical 200% restaurant mark-up. They also had a sommelier to help you chose your bottle since there is no wine "list."  I told him what I was looking for - a Montepulciano.  He brought two bottles to choose from and actually recommend the cheaper bottle ($32), which was a great choice!
I would definitely recommend this Cajun-inspired Italian cuisine if you want to get away from the typical Bourbon Street fare.While visiting New Orleans we decided to venture a bit outside of the french quarter and were craving something comforting after enjoying many nights of fantastic creole cookery.  Marcello's Restaurant has a very simple menu with classic dishes from lasagna to spaghetti bolognese.  Surprisingly no ravioli options but what they do serve is all superb.  We dined on a week night and made reservations, although it probably wasn't necessary.  Inside they have an extensive wine selection where you can even go and select a bottle to enjoy while dining.  
I was surprised how much I enjoyed the food.  Sometimes for nicer Italian restaurants I find the portions small but the quality was well worth the price; most dishes being under $25.  I enjoyed the eggplant palermo ($18) which came with three thick cut pieces of eggplant, breaded and topped with fresh tomatoes, mushrooms, capers, and onions and a side of angel hair pasta with garlic.  The pasta so perfectly al dente.  The lemon sauce for the eggplant was subtle and tasty.  But what impressed me most about the dish was the breading on the eggplant.  I'm used to bread crumbs that just fall off with any cutting, but the outside was perfectly crunchy.  My other half really liked the spaghetti bolognese which came with a meat sauce and two large meatballs.
Besides the wonderful food, our server, Gill, was great.  He was engaging and attentive.  This restaurant is perfect for a date night or special occasion/party.I'm really concerned that this restaurant is showing up on "it" lists and getting rated so well here.  We went last night.  In a word, it was unsatisfactory.  Service was by staff that really haven't been properly trained on service, specifically restaurant service. While I think the concept of wine at slightly more than retail at a restaurant is sort of cool, the concept of making the purchase is odd.
We arrived a few minutes before our reservation.  Greeted quickly and show to a seat close to the bar.  There was a decent crowd gathered at the bar, so it was awkward to try to have an intimate conversation with the loud group's drink-enduced cackles and large rear ends nearly on our table.  That said, it was only 20 minutes and they moved on. (This seems like an ideal place to have a drink right after work from one of the many surrounding offices and then head home.)  I started to sit on the bench (which is right in front of the specials chalkboard on the wall) and saw the bend was absolutely filthy.  Shoe prints everywhere.  Obviously caused by staff standing on the upholstery to get high enough to write the day's specials.  It'd been raining so I checked the seat and sure enough it was freshly stepped on, full of dirt and water from someone's shoes.  I asked for the waitress to try to wipe it down (in an attempt to give her the opportunity to recognize the mess and offer to seat us in one of the many other options in the dinning area).  She apologized, got a napkin and tried to wipe it off and then said "well if it's not going to come off on the napkin, I'm sure your pants will be fine."  Pretty much missing the opportunity to win on service.
So I went to wash my hands in the restroom.  While in there a member of the kitchen staff came in, dispensed a towel, blew his nose into the napkin, threw it out, and walked out the door.  I'm pretty sure washing the hands is a critical step missed in that process.  This is absolutely disgusting to me.  I should have taken the seat and the snot as signs it was time to go, but the place was on the NOLA 5 best of 2014 list, so I had an interest in sticking it out--expecting some sort of amazing food.
Waitress comes over, asks if we want to check out the wine, so we do.  She leads us to a second dining area that also has the wines for sale on the typical racks you see in wine stores.  Great.  At this point I think a quick "European wines are over there.  California's here.  Do you have a particular style you like and can I help you find something great for tonight's dinner" would have been fine.  Instead we had a shadow the entire time.  It's sort of cramped in parts of the displays due to the tables being nearby, but having 3 people walking a very small aisle just didn't work.  Aside from the fact that buying wine is a personal process.  Offer the help or have a couple of suggestions in each category and let me look.  Anyway, that was strange enough that we just decided to get back to our table and order a couple of glasses instead of a bottle.
We order food.  Salads are ordered in addition to our entrees.  Now, in my opinion anyone that orders a salad and an appetizer is probably OK.  Unless said salad and entree is for a small woman and the salad is more than sufficient for 4 people.  A gentle "this salad is an entree or for sharing, is that going to be ok?" would make all the difference in the meal.  As it turns out this thing was huge, clearly not a salad for before dinner unless you're 250lbs and in retrospect probably went without having been suggested it was a lot of food because it drove up the bill significantly.  Yes, we probably should have noticed or asked, but again, service is the name of the game here and I think a little attention would have gone a long way. 3/4 of the salad was thrown away--truly an unacceptable waste.
Now having serious doubts about this place, I ordered spaghetti thinking it'd be hard to screw up.  Well, this would be the first bowl of overcooked noodles I've ever gotten that had more sauce than noodles.  In fact, I could have easily served 2 more bowls and had plenty of sauce to go around.  Sauce wasn't anything to brag about, the noodles were overcooked and fat.  I got the sense they were either sitting in water for some time, or were previously cooked and thrown in the fryer to heat them back up.  My wife got the tuna special and it was ok.  The lentils were better than the fish.
Both dishes and the salad went back with quite a lot of food left on them.  Again, someone service oriented would likely picked up on the issues.  We're not ones to complain proactively, so this went unaddressed.
In a city with so many choice dining options, it sure was a shame that our only "nice" meal of our stay was taken at Marcello's.  Lesson learned. I can't see this lasting very long (and my record of picking winners and losers on yelp is pretty solid), so do yourself a favor and find another option.Wow wow wow... excellent restaurant.. every single plate was worth it .. they were super gentile, they prepared a special plate for me that wasnt in the menu my favorite appetizer was the chicken liver pate, as a dessert a had a  Crema alla cioccolata and it was delicious as well. Erica was our server she was so lovely and nice, she help us to find our way to river walk ... so far all the staff was nice the same with our lady bossboy. Very elegant place the wine selection is awesome if you like wine you will love it.. definitely we will repeat next time we are in NOLA best restaurant here so far.I dined at Marcello's on a Friday night, early. It was a solid dining experience.  Great server, and great ambience (though we sat in the bar for dinner, enjoying the street-view).  The antipasti board was a really great way to enjoy Marcello's lovely wines.  The lasagna was....different.    My companion was disappointed, but I would order it again.  I thought it was different in a GOOD way.  Sometimes a classic needs a new interpretation. This was rich, heavy, even a little sweet.  Very beefy. I had the Caesar, which was great.  One of the best I've had. 
Overall, I would recommend it.  It's a perfect spot to experience a bit of Italy with a bottle of vino and your amore.One of favorite places in the city to go with a group and it never disappoints! 
I have been coming here since they opened and have had the opportunity to try a lot of things on the menu and have never had anything bad. The best part is the restaurant is also a wine store with a pretty good selection and reasonable prices. One of the highlights is walking around the place grabbing a bottle and returning to table where the waiter opens and pours it for you and your guests.There is no much to say when everything is so impeccable. The food was prepared to perfection and having the choice of buying great wine at liquor store price enhanced and elevated my experience to a different level. Great food paired with outstanding wine at a reasonable price is quite unusual. Wouldn't you agree?Wow the chicken liver Pate was excellent, our server Erica was really good and menu knowledgeable. When finishing our meal we got the Crema Alla Cioccolata, one of the best desserts ever!Special shout out to Kristina & Chris for planning and executing a top notch holiday dinner party for us!!! They both made the process very easy to plan right down to the expertise on the wine selection. The appetizers, calamari and ravioli were amazing. I personally had the caprese salad and linguine tritoni and it was amazing! The desserts were equally fabulous and our waitress was very friendly and attentive. 
I highly recommend this restaurant if you are looking to host a corporate holiday event. The food and service is top notch!!! Micheline StephensThis restaurant is spacious, intimate and has a very chill atmosphere. They also have a huge selection of wine and let you walk around to choose which one you want:)
I came here on a Thursday night with 8 girls and Ron was our waiter. He was amazing! He was attentive, patient, and funny. This place is definitely good for a large party, but do rsvp ahead of time:) 
Linguine Triton (5/5) - It's light, flavorful and tasty
Mussels (4/5)
Marsala Pork Cheek (5/5) - Wow, this entree really impressed because it was so tender. 
Pama Royale drink (4/5)
Overall, I had a great time at Marcello and the food was delicious. It's one of those restaurant that I would come back when I visit Nola.Just had a fantastic dinner here. The service was excellent. Our waiter was well informed and made excellent suggestions. Kitchen was very accommodating of special food requests due to allergies. We had a party of 8 and ALL of us enjoyed everything we ate. The wine selection was fantastic as well!Visited Marcello's during my trip to NOLA. Chose this place for my bday dinner and I am so glad I did. Everything, and I mean every single thing, from appetizers-entree-dessert-wine was amazing, service was also excellent. 
Brussel sprouts, calamari were so yumms as appetizers! Eggplant parmigiana was also delicious. Wide variety of wine for every taste, we were assisted by the manager and tried "Bussola"; which complimented our meals very well. I probably won't be visiting again soon as I am from FL, but you should definitely check this place out!Sat at the bar. Had a glass of Pinot and then later the pasta Tritone- really good. 
Admittedly I was in the mood for pasta but this certainly hit the spot. Great service. Friendly staff. Nice location.I tried this place out recently for my birthday. The food was quite good, the atmosphere was good as well. The manager was a doll, so
Helpful and kind. Jeff the bartender was fantastic! So so so great. Highly recommendedThe fennel crusted tuna was amazing. The portion was perfect. The service was excellent. My server anticipated my needs. It seems that the wine selection is good, a table near me photographed their bottle after dinner. I did not order any wine, and there was no pushy sell trying to convince me otherwise, which I appreciated a lot. Also, I came in  alone one day after a conference, and the hosts were a little flustered trying to find a table for one for some reason, but I got a good table, and I was treated just like any other customer. I had the caramel pudding for desert, and it was good, a little too much almond and almond flavor for me, though. So, I only finished about half of it. I don't have much of a sweet tooth.  My meal of dessert +coffee, lemonade, and entree was about $45 before tip.Great wine selection!  Wonderful food.  I was unsure of my food selection and they modified a dish to accommodate me. The dish was outstanding!  Love this place!!! One of my top choices in New Orleans!Went to Marcello's after New Years with a group of friends and we were here for 6 days here in New Orleans and Marcello's is hands down the best restaurant we all agreed we have eaten at. The ambiance, the food and the service are top notch. Everyone ordered something different and we were all super satisfied with what we each got and the servers were attentive and really knowledgable and helpful with what to order. I would come back here for sure again!Great Italian restaurant with great customer service, and great good. If you're working in the business district or you're just an out-of-town visitor craving some Italian food, would definitely recommend this place. 
My party were all on our lunch breaks so we all gotten the quick lunch option, which consisted of a salad, one choice of entree, and two cookies at the end. The salad we had was forgettable, nothing special about it, just ordinary salad you can get anywhere. For entree, I had the Pesce Del Giorno. I know what you're saying, how can you not have pasta at an Italian restaurant, but I was just soo tired of pasta that I wanted to try something new and this dish did not disappoint. The fish was lightly seasoned, grilled, and very very tender. But the best part about this dish was its veggies and puree. At first glance, the color of it can scare you off as it is a very dark green puree, but it tasted so good. The herbed zucchini puree and greens are what really gave this dish its flavor. And of course, the two hot chocolate chip cookies at the end was delicious. 
Would definitely recommend this place for lunch. Next time, I'll try happy hour here too since I heard they start happy hour here pretty soon.So good! We had a party of 10 with half being under 5yo. Not exactly good for tiny ones but if your kids can stay in their seats you need to try this place. I had the Shrimp Prosecco. It had the tail and head on and if you like that roe flavor it is fantastic. The wines are fabulous too and the selection incredible. Half our group loved their food the other half not so much. My dad says his caper sauce was too salty and my sister felt the squid ink pasta was hearty but a bit too heavy.Really great, bartender phenomenon al as was food and drink. Happy hour not to be missed.This is an excellent restaurant if you love traditional and inventive Italian food.. And especially if you are a wine lover. The restaurant has a lovely "old world" ambience, with the twist of having the main dining room charmingly divided by racks of wine that you are invited to browse and make a selection from to accompany your meal. The wine is sold at retail (rather than "Restaurant) prices, making dinner accompanied by a wonderful bottle of vino that much more affordable. Highly recommend this new up-and-coming restaurant.The service and wine list are excellent. The bread was dry. The veal was overdone because it was crispy. We don't usually eat Italian in NOLA but this place has great reviews on Yelp.I want to love this place, as I think the wine store in a restaurant idea is great, but the food was overpriced and spotty.
I like the atmosphere a lot - very lively. You can go pick out your wine and the waiters are happy to help your make a selection. To start we had the artichokes and they were only okay. I've had much better at somewhere as mundane as the Cheesecake Factory. 
For my main course I had the mussels which were great and some minestrone soup which was okay, but came out luke warm. My friends got pasta dishes and seemed to like them. 
Overall the bill was about $90 dollars each - after tip - and I just felt this was a lot for the amount of food we ordered - one appetizer for three people, I ordered an appetizer and soup for my main course, and each of the other diners had a pasta dish. We had a bottle of wine and one cocktail each. Almost three hundred dollars for that little amount of food is just too high in my opinion.Wow! An artful dining experience.  This isn't haute cuisine, but well-prepared and presented Italian food.  Grilled fish was seared perfectly with light, fresh seasoning.  Vegetable appetizers and sides were exceptionally fresh, creative, and beautifully presented.  Vegetarians take note, Marcellos has delicious and eautiful preparation ideas.  Customers select their own wine from large racks at waist level around the restaurant.  It feels like you are in someone's private cellar.  This presentation of wines is like nothing I've ever seen.  The wine racks also subdivide the floor space. Really interesting!  The atmosphere and decoration remind me of the nicer bistros I saw when I was in Rome and Milan, not kitschy like most chains, or medieval rustic, but accurate.  The piped in music was New Orleans brass band or reggae, not what I usually hear in Italian restaurants, but it worked!  I can't figure out why, and don't know if the music was intentional, but creative.  Service was attentive, knowledgeable, without being fussy or bucolic.  Taken as a whole, the ensemble of food, service, and atmosphere was exceptional.  Creative integrations of decor, music, and artful food presentation was a pleasure to experience.  Located on St. Charles a block from Lafayette Square, it is easy walking distance from Central a Business District tourist hotels.  On the streetcar line if you are coming from further afield.  Marcello's stands out as one of the best Italian restaurants I've been to.Great place for dinner. The restaurant staff was very friendly and professional. They were very knowledgeable about the menu and the wine. The bar staff was just as friendly and knowledgeable. (Also very witty). I highly recommend Marcello's. The food was very delicious and the pricing was great!This was honestly one of my favorite dining experiences ever (and I've traveled to a lot of places and eaten at a lot of restaurants).
SERVICE
Absolutely impeccable, but also friendly and non-pretentious. Our server always had a smile on her face, a great suggestion for food, and the willingness to chat with us.
FOOD
The meal I had here was one of my favorite entrees I'd ever eaten, but it was also a special that night, so I'm not sure you can always get it: beef cheek over a goat cheese and cauliflower puree. I can't even relay in words how tender and flavorful this meat was.
WINE
This place doubles as a wine shop, so there's no wine menu per se. You can just walk around and browse the shelves, and bring a bottle back to your table (which means the price markups are also not terrible). And the selection is pretty freakin extensive too -- whether you're looking for a $40 bottle or a $400 bottle.Took my wife here and she loved it. It's an upscale Italian restaurant with great service and excellent food.  It's in a good spot away from the tourists but still close to downtown.Best Italian restaurant in New Orleans, impeccable service , amaizing food and great wine list! One of my favorites restaurant in NOLA.Nice atmosphere!! Great service...thanks Garland!! Kitchen was a bit slow.. Waited at least 45 minutes for entrees and was not that busy of a night. Food was good..not the best.I love Italian! It never disappoints and neither did Marcello's. 
First time - with a group of 7 people for dinner. Service was amazing. Food was amazing. But it was so long ago, I can't remember what we ordered or the price to comment on it. 
My second time here was with a friend during the day. No wait. And it happened to be happy hour so half off cocktails. Even better!
Complimentary bread - It was hard. I only took one bite. Didn't want to waste my carbs on it. Lol. Jk. 
Eggplant Parmigiana - omg. So amazing. Order this! Eggplant was fried PERFECTLY. I did have to add salt to the pasta, but only because I enjoy my food pretty salty. I wish I asked for crushed red pepper because this would have made the dish even better than what it was. 
Lamb ragu - my friend got this dish and said he liked it and that it was flavorful. I didn't try bc I just recently gave up meat. But I trust what he says. You should too! Unless you don't like lamb, then don't. 
I will definitely come back when I decide I can eat meat again. And I can't wait!Sorry to post a negative review, but here it is: Our dinner last night was not very good: Eggplant parmiigana wasvery undercooked and had to be sent back. It was served with luke warm pasta. The veal palermo was a shadow of it's former flavor and the portion was small.
This used to be my favorite italian restaurant, but I have now had two bad experiences in a row.
What has changed? Did the chef leave?Excellent service, with outdoor service. I had the bucatinni carbonara and chocolate custard and cream for dessert. I have only had better carbonara in Italy and once state side. It could be improved with cracked ground black pepper and more parmesean cheese ro make it zestier and creamier. The pasta was cooked perfectly. The dessert outshined the main course. I was molto contento.Super friendly staff and accessible attitude toward wine selection that I've never experienced before.  
I've ordered lasagna a few times and that's what dish is seared into my memory, but everyone else in my party really loved their meals as much.Friday lunch review
I went with a lunch party of four on the 1st Jazz Fest Weekend Friday. I remember another Italian restaurant that was in this same location a few years ago. While that place was also fine, this is definitely something new. 
Food was very good. We shared calamari and mussels to start. Both were made well and tasted good. The fried calamari was what you would expect, but the mussels were prepared especially nice, a very flavorful broth and not overdone. The entrees included classic items (e.g. Veal Parm) and more interesting fish preparations. We enjoyed everything. 
Service was very nice, friendly and helpful. 
The wine selections are incredible. There are some incredibly interesting cult finds (Scarecrow) which were not in my budget, but fun the look at. However, there are also quality wines representing just about every style and budget. 
I will be back.only reviewing for a quick round of drinks and apps at the bar, but this was hands-down one of my favorite experiences in new orleans.  posh setting, casual and attentive staff, delicious food.  a bit pricey cause it's worth it!The bartender with the mustache and the suspenders mixes up nothing short of amazing craft cocktails. As far as the food goes, I'll be back on a regular basis. We had the veal molli, the calamari, and the mussels. Fine dining with exceptional service. Great wine selection as well.Spaghetti and meatballs was so good! We liked everything we ordered great if you want a nice Italian place that doesn't break the bankI'm pretty knowledgeable about wine and I love Italian food, so this place seemed like a match made in heaven.  It didn't quite live up to the anticipation, unfortunately.  My wife and I chalked that up to the fact that we've had some amazing meals in this city (Emeril's--all three locations, Clancy's, Commander's, Irene's, et al) so that's the standard by which we measure every restaurant here.  Outside of New Orleans, this is probably more like 4 1/2 stars.  In this city, it's between 3 1/2 and 4.
The wine selection was decent, but it's definitely more than "just above wine shop prices" for most higher end bottles.  If you're into California semi-cult Cabs or Bordeaux, there are some big name bottles but they're very pricey (probably more like twice retail) and very young.  There were only a handful of "older" (2006 and 2004) Bordeaux and most Cali Cabs were 2010 or younger.  The Pinot selection was better, but nothing earth shattering.
Since we were in an Italian restaurant, I spent most of my time in the Italian wine area.  The selection was a bit disappointing, actually.  Most of the Barolos were very young (2007 or younger) and there weren't many Chiantis or Brunellos from earlier than 2012.
Hidden among these bottles, I found a gem:  a 2001 Emidio Pepe Montepulciano d'Abruzzo.  At $130, it was at or below what you'd pay in most retail stores.  It was a great find and, more importantly, was approachable now without hours or days of decanting.
After I selected it and returned to the table, the server brought it to the somm, who recommended chilling it just a bit to get it to cellar temperature.  It's always good when restaurants offer this without me having to request it.  Once it cooled down a bit, they decanted it using a venturi (the waiter said they do that with all bottles, which makes sense given how young most are).
For an appetizer, we shared an arancini, which was excellent.  We also shared a chopped salad, which was okay, but the dressing was missing something.  The portions were large, even after the split.  If we came back, we'd probably get two arancini and skip the salad.
For our main courses, I had the veal parmigiana and my wife had a shrimp with spaghetti.  Both of the dishes were good.
Afterward, we were both stuffed, but decided to split a mocha cheesecake anyway.  It was pretty good.  My wife also had what she described as the best cappuccino she'd ever had and I had a nice glass of Cabernet Franc Icewine.
Our server was a bit awkward, but he did an okay job.
If you're in the mood for Italian food in New Orleans, I'd rank this place between Irene's (which is excellent) and Tommy's (which is "eh").  The wine selection here is better than either of those places, however.  There are so many great restaurants in this town that I can't say this place is a "must visit" but it's not someplace I'd automatically exclude either.Excellent restaurant in every way!
Food outstanding, service impeccable, atmosphere perfect, fun and exciting to be a part of for the evening.
Brendalove this place. I've been here before. they didn't have a gluten free dessert so Alia brought an amazing dessert that I could eat that was prepared for me!! great service !!!! and delicious dessertWhat a terrific dining experience. The novel approach to wine selection (walk the aisles, explore the racks), the wait staff's attentiveness, and their suggestions all added up to an enjoyable evening. Try the wild boar pappardelle, or delicious carbonara.
Can't wait until we can return to New Orleans, and visit Marcello's again.I am a huge fan of Marcello's Lafayette and have been eating there since the 1980's. I have eaten at that location twice in the last few months. I was so very excited to see them opening in New Orleans. I had a guest in town from San Francisco who also used to live in Lafayette. She was happy to learn my husband and I were taking her to Marcello's New Orleans for dinner last Thursday. We had a nice table upfront near the bar, enjoyed our cocktails very much; the appetizers were only okay. The eggplant  with goat cheese would have been much more flavorful had they been served warm or room temp vs. cold,  and while the entrees were good, they were glaringly small portions. My husband said he was still hungry after our table shared three appetizers and each had an entree. That is the reason I am giving Marcello's New Orleans only three stars. Their portions in the Lafayette restaurant are much more generous and less expensive. I am not looking to take home a doggy bag, but pasta is cheap. Having such a small amount of pasta with my husband's chicken parmigian and so little with my clams and linguine is inexcusable and not business-smart. I am afraid you have adopted a pretentiousness because you are located in the Warehouse District in New Orleans. Sorry, Marcello. I will be waiting for my next trip back to Lafayette to visit your restaurant.Excellent food; excellent service as well! We are pretty "picky" with our food choices but this was fresh, homemade Italian food that tasted the part.Had better...it was OK Italian food. Quality of the meal didn't match the price. I've had much better for less. I'd pass if I were you.Omg great restaurant! Service was perfect our server was so great to us very patient and super joyful! Upon entering I thought the restaurant was small then we went in a little more and they are pretty spacious!Outstanding meal and service. Chicken Palermo was perhaps the best chicken dish I have ever had. My wife had chicken Molli and it too was great. Abigail was an excellent server. Highly recommend.Went for an impromptu lunch and loved the food. The service was excellent and overall a great experienceGreat great food..  incredible wine selection and great dishes.  My wife had pan roasted chicken and i had there veal dish omg.....What a fantastic addition to the CBD!  Staff knows wine, can explain any meal in perfect detail, the food is beautifully presented, and if you like wine they have a phenomenal selection.  You can't go wrong.  Jackie knows her stuff :-). Been there a lot and already have more reservations this week.  Expect nothing less than a wonderful dining experience.Food and service were both very good. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was because the portion size of my meal was very small. I got the buccatini carbonara which was just introduced to the menu yesterday. 4 ounces of pasta at best. For $23 I expected a little more. I usually comment that portions are entirely too large. It's highly unusual that I leave a restaurant hungry. This would have been a decent sized appetizer. I spoke to the waiter. The cost of a beer was comped. I'd return but would probably speak up earlier about my portion.Came here for lunch.  The meat and cheese board was just ok for the almost $20 cost.  2 meats, 2 cheeses with not a lot of meat or cheese.   I had the meatball sandwich with eggplant fries.  I was happy with it.  The eggplant fries are good, but I think they should keep regular fries too.  The meatball was good for outside on NY meatballs.  The gf had a clams and spaghetti and she said it was very oily and salty, hence she did not eat much.  I think NOLA citizens really like salt because this was not our first or last encounter with overly salty food.  Next time we may have to try their dinner.This place was excellent. Very classy, great food and excellent service! Perfect for a business dinner.My boyfriend and I were looking for a low-key, great quality restaurant within the neighborhood, and were delighted to find Marcello's had recently opened just 3 blocks away. From the moment we arrived, the staff were very welcoming and friendly, without any of the pretentious airs you might anticipate when visiting a wine bar/restaurant. 
We were seated in the bar area, where we had a great view onto Lafayette Square. The high ceilings and large window create an open, inviting space where you do not feel cramped. 
We loved our server, Nick, who was both personable and helpful with menu selections. My boyfriend ordered the Cioppino and I had the chicken Molli. The lemon caper sauce on the chicken was delicious, though my boyfriend tried to argue that his dish was better. Either way, both were rich in flavor and wonderfully prepared. It was so nice to enjoy authentic Italian recipes made with such care and experience! 
I loved seeing that, in addition to the attentive servers, the owners were checking in with each of the diners. They seemed genuinely engaged and invested in the quality of our experience. Overall, we had a fantastic visit to Marcello's and would enthusiastically recommend it to others!We were walking back from the WWII museum and found this wonderful Italian restaurant and wine bar. Their wine selection was more then most wine stores. The food was perfectly cooked and exceeded our expectations. Thanks all and we will stop next time we are back in town.Ate there a couple of weeks ago...it was wonderful!! Food and staff were excellent!! Will be returning soon.Had a wonderful late afternoon of wine and appetizers. Happy Hour starts at 2:30 and is half off most drinks. 
I had a small charcuterie board featuring two meats and two cheeses. It was plentiful enough for me with a little two share with latecomers. Which served to whet their appetite for the house made raviolis. Excellent ravioli and a delicious red sauce. 
It was a terrific afternoon outside with an excellent, beautiful, smart server, good wine and good food.We went to there for lunch. We ordered bolognese n lasagna. Both were so good. 
My husband's favorite Italian restaurant now!
Price wasn't bad n portion is good for lunch. 
We enjoyed with those meal. 
Unfortunately there is no my favorite dessert menu this time, hope next time I can try.I've already been twice! And I want to go again and again! The food is to die for and the prices for wine are unbelievable! You shop for your own bottle and pay retail price! It's amazing! And they have a full bar
Incase you don't like wine or champagne. The wait staff is really awesome too! Everyone from the hostess to servers to management - everyone spoke to us. Ohhhhh I'm hungry just thinking about it.Every time that I've been here the food and service have been great. On this recent visit I tried the Chicken  Palermo. For dessert I love the Budino. They have a huge wine selection.The buttered garlicky bread was hard, and never offered again after the first pass by. The mussels were ok, did not care for the crusty bread it was paired with tho. Tomato basil soup was decent. Caeser salad was forgettable. The Fennel crusted tuna was absolutely amazing. I no-carbed it with green beans instead of fettuccini and I practically licked my plate. Husband loved the lasagna even though he almost burned his mouth with it. On a previous trip had the tiramisu and it's ok. They should get Brocato's tiramisu to serve. Waiter was nice and attentive. My biggest complaint are the wine boxes stacked in front the wine racks in the narrow corridor between the dining rooms. That is an accident waiting to happen.Beautiful dinner. We ordered all four of their specialty  dishes. Two great bottles of wine  and great company.  Service was nice and people were friendly. Would go back again.Awesome restaurant and concept. Atmosphere was great as was the service (CHRIS). There was two of us for dinner. We has eggplant coponata Cesar salad, wild boar ragu, and bucatelli carbonara. All the dishes were fantastic, no room got dessert! I highly recommend!I had a lunch meeting in the CBD and Marcello's was recommended. I arrived early and was greeted by a professional staff. I reserved a table by the window and took a nice walk to Lafayette Square (the second oldest park in NOLA). After an enjoyable walk and time of reflection I made my way back to the restaurant. The host seated me and I was presented with the menu. 
My friend was running a few minutes late so I ordered a Coke and loved that it was from a glass bottle. I enjoyed the music and environment while waiting. The place is not "small" but still has an intimacy and charm. 
One my friend arrived we were served Bread and told of the specials. I had the Lamb Ragu off the menu. It was amazing! It was delicate and hearty all at the same time. The noodles were cooked to perfection and the Lamb Shoulder was moist and tender. Every dish I saw looked equally delicious. The prices were reasonable, service impeccable and food fantastic. The wine list seemed extensive. I will be returning very soon.Great pasta, lamb ragu a must try.
Large wine selection and great energy. Highly recommend.Food and service were excellent. The staff was very helpful in finding us gluten free options (you can ask for gluten free pasta!). Clean and pleasant. Had a great Friday night. Accessible for wheelchairs. Very recommended!New Orleans dining scene has a Marcello's at last. Wonderfully executed straight forward Italian classics, and then some, in a lovely setting on the Avenue. Wine enthusiasts take note: owner is lifelong in the business. Wide hand picked selection priced JUST ABOVE RETAIL. Was steered to a tasty '09 Amarone for $60. Will be back often. Reticent to share this gem because I want to be able to get a table in the future =)When we told people we were visiting New Orleans, we were given so many recommendations of where we needed to eat. But we left the lists behind and found Marcello's and are so happy we did. The food was amazing and the service was great. We didn't have reservations but were seated quickly at a nice table in the back of the restaurant. I ordered the Chicken Molli which was so, so good. My husband got Veal Parm and cleaned his plate. Even the bread was great. We are so glad we ditched all of the lists we had and found Marcello's.Marcello's offers a great wine selection - many bottles and single glasses. I was a fan of the Chianti. I got the spaghetti and meatballs for my meal and really enjoyed it. There was a lot of food, but luckily I had some friends to help me finish. Hubby got the eggplant parmesan and was very happy with it. We got brussel sprouts to start and I thought they were a little undercooked, which was the only drawback to the meal. Our waitress was very personable and the decor had a friendly feel. It was like having a meal in the wine cellar of an eccentric millionaire.Excellent service. Fabulous drinks. The food was delicious. We shared a couple of appetizers and 3 entrees.  We loved all of it. The calamari had the perfect  amount of breaking, very light and well seasoned.Tried this restaurant for the first time yesterday. We went in  on a whim, but actually  were very pleasantly surprised.  Traditional Italian with a wine "store" . You can browse the wines and choose one by the bottle or choose several  offerings by the glass. They also have a full bar as well. We started  with a Ceasar salad and a white  asparagus  soup. The salad was okay, and the soup while very tasty, could have been warmer.  For entrees, my wife had the chicken parmesean and I had the special  of the day which was Shrimp Scampi. Both absolutely  delicious!!! We shared the tiramisu which is not usually my favorite desert, but this had to be one of the best I've  ever  tried.  We will definitely  be back, as there were other  dishes on the menu we wanted to try.Excellent service, ambience and food! I loved my cioppino and was thankful they let me order a side salad instead of a full salad with my meal. My dining companion had eggplant parmigiana, but the restaurant offered a variety of alternative vegetarian options as well. They were totally willing to concoct something new and off the menu as well. The housemade foccacia is served with olive oil in a sweet and pretty presentation. The wine list is good and they have a variety of local beers and craft cocktails available as well.  Service was so cheerful and friendly on top of being prompt and efficient. The atmosphere was classy too. Really, this is an excellent Italian restaurant and I have to come back for the eggplant caponatta, fresh fish of the day and some pasta!One of a kind. This Italian restaurant part wine shop knocks it out of the park every time I've visit. The best antipasti in New Orleans is enough of a reason you should give this place a try. If you are a fan of expanding your wine knowledge. Tell the Som what you normally like and let him show you around Marcello's open cellar; You will not be disappointed.We stumbled into this restaurant after walking for a while. It looked so amazing we couldn't pass it by. What a great decision. There is a wine store in the back that you can peruse your own bottle of wine for the table. Food was amazing: tomato soup to die for. Scallops were delicate. Cannoli sweet and tender. Wine amazing. HIGHLY recommended.Enjoyed a wonderful dinner on the patio, over the weekend.  It's a charming place, and is not a tourist trap.  The wine market was a nice touch - we were able to select a reasonably priced bottle.  Great service, food, and people watching.  I tried an heirloom tomato salad special, as well as the A.O.C. pasta.  Pasta and salad portions were just right - not overwhelming and not measly either.  My boyfriend really enjoyed the chicken parm, which was a large portion.  Would definitely recommend to other couples to enjoy, and plan on returning!I was going to meet the friend of a friend and initially she wanted to go for French food. I told my friend I was willing to go for whatever type of food they decided on-I was then called at my hotel telling me that we were going to Marcello's, which is located along the St. Charles Street trolley. It was a fairly large place, nicely decorated. We were seated immediately and placed our drink order. I was very happy that they decided to go Italian. My friends ended up ordering pasta with various seafood combinations and I go the veal scallopini with brown sauce. It was delicious. I ended the meal with a cup of regular coffee. My friends did the same. It was an excellent meal and a wonderful experience. We were stuffed. I would recommend and return.I travel to New Orleans often and stay near Marcello's. The wine selection is great and the happy hour is one of the best in the city. I've been there many times: for early dinner, late dinner, just an appetizer and just a dessert. I've never been disappointed by the food (the antipasto platter is fantastic). I'm a single female traveler (an older female at that) and I am always treated well no matter when I arrive or what I order. That means a lot to me.My wife and I were in town for Jazz Fest and stopped  for lunch. While we were working out our order, Jessica, our server explained how we could buy a bottle of wine in the shop in the back. We checked the selection and found a delicious Rhone Valley wine we knew at a very reasonable price. Jessica opened it and took our order. While we were enjoying the wine we chatted with Jean (Gene?), the owner, who told us the history of the restaurant and about its roots in Lafayette. Our food was very good. Jessica researched the local music scene for us and gave us the update after lunch.  The overall experience was excellent.Amazing!! The shrimp pepate was spicy - just the way I like my food!! Great service and ambiance. Definitely recommended for Italian cuisine.Enjoyed a delightful birthday dinner with my. Niece. Matt was our waiter and provided excellent service. Ronald the manager was very attentive making sure we had everything we needed. The food was excellent.  We look forward to dining there again.Really loved this place. Ate dinner on a Monday night. The restaurant was full. We were sat right by the window overlooking St. Charles Ave. It's in a happening little restaurant area. 
The maitre d' was very friendly. In fact the whole staff was friendly. The sommelier took time to walk us around all the red wine and helped us pick a bottle of pinot that we loved - from Frank Family Vineyards if you're interested. 
For food, we had the Caesar salad and the mista salad. Both excellent. Then we split the mussels and the calamari. Definitely try the mussels appetizer. Best broth - especially with the bread.Sitting at a quiet table for two, we were next to racks of wine bottles.  Soon we learned from the menu that there was a menu for wine by the glass and not a menu for wine by the bottle.  You get to choose your wine by the bottle by asking your server to help you or getting up and looking at what they have available.  The wine prices (by bottle) were setup a little over retail instead of being at restaurant prices.  The food was tasty and well balanced.  Services was exemplary.Nice ambiance, attentive staff, and good food. If it were priced slightly cheaper, I would give it 5 starsThe food was great. The wine was exceptional. Absolutely enjoyed the ambience and will definitely be returning!Been eagerly waiting for this Italian restaurant/wine bar to open and give it a try. Went for lunch and was very impressed. Food was delicious and reasonably priced. They have a huge wine selection that you can peruse and buy for your meal only slightly marked above retail. They have an intriguing happy hour that I will certainly frequent. Can't wait to try dinner and pick out a bottle of wine for the meal. Loved the ambiance and decor. The staff was very nice and helpful also. Skip the "Italian" restaurant next door as it is absolute garbage. Overall seems like a great addition the the neighborhood.Sat at the bar the night before the NOLA rock and roll Marathon to get our carbs in. Right off the bat the bartender seemed annoyed and was moving slow. When my boyfriend ordered a beer he asked for a glass and got the response "doubt there's any left" (because they were all lined up dirty behind the bar) We ordered the cheese plate, which we didn't know came in 2 Sizes, and he automatically brought the larger one ($$$). Ordered pasta for dinner which was very good. Had to ask for bread, water, etc. I can say the food was tasty but the service was horrendous. We even had to go to the hostess stand to pay because we sat for 20 minutes and the bartender basically had his back to us the entire time.Thanks to Yelp! a friend and I stumbled upon this place while roaming the town during a conference.  We came at 2:00 and only a few tables of diners were in the restaurant, probably because of the odd hour.  We were greeted by a very nice hostess, and little did we realize what a fabulous meal we were about to partake in.  Our server was fabulous and made done recommendations for us.  Based off his rec we started with the grilled artichokes.  They were amazing!  Perfectly cooked and on a bed of well seasoned arugula.  Wait!  I forgot about the bread - how could I forget about the amazing fresh baked herb foccacia bread.  Bread was hot, with a perfect mix of soft in the middle and crunchy on the outside.  Next was the mista salad that came with our entrees.  What a great house salad with olive tapenade and homemade eggplant croutons that were out of this world.  On a high of happiness from this amazing meal came out entrees.  Based off a rec from the friendly regulars at the table next to us, I had the fish.  The fish was very fresh and absolutely delicious - pan sautéed on a lemon cream sauce and topped with zucchini noodles.  My friend has the garlic shrimp pasta, which I tasted and thought was fabulous as well.  We couldn't have been happier with our experience between the fabulous server, amazing food, and beautiful restaurant (which we learned houses the largest wove selection in NO!).  Just go - you won't regret it!I'm giving Marcello's a 3, but would have been a 4 had service been better. I was so excited to try, and having blah service really killed the experience for me. 
I did like the prices of the wines. Nice that you can pay a little over retail prices and not pay a full restaurant price. Definitely a perk. 
When it came down to the actual meal, the server didn't tell us the specials so we assumed they didn't do daily specials. Then shortly after ordering, we heard another server telling a table next to us about the specials so we were a little bummed. We ordered calamari almost as soon as we sat down, but somehow this still came out at the same time as our salads. And before I could even get halfway through my salad our entrees were there (and we still hadn't eaten the calamari, which was just ok. Nothing spectacular)
The entrees were good. We did enjoy but just felt a little rushed. Having everything come out at once just kind of killed the dining out mood for us. We felt like or waitress was maybe trying to get us in and out of there fast... 
Overall, I would say I would go back for the sole purpose of trying some different wines and hoping service is better next time. I really wanted to love it!MOST FRIENDLY STAFF IN ALL NOLA. We wanted a fun wine bar experience for our last night in NOLA and Marcello's was absolutely phenomenal. After accidentally ordering 'grappa' and disliking it (our lack of wine knowledge) the staff accommodated and allowed us to replace our orders with two wine flights and each of the wines was the best wine I ever had. 
Will definitely come back next visit!What a great night! I called yesterday for a reservation tonight and even though the restaurant was booked solid, they worked us in. The restaurant is lovely and the wine collection is amazing. The staff was incredible. They made the experience. It was our anniversary and we wanted a night away from the kid. The food was fantastic. The mussels have a garlicky, buttery, fresh tomato sauce that is perfect for dipping the homemade focaccia bread in. The pork cheeks in Marsala sauce are delicious! Totally rich and dark without being too heavy. Mira was our server and she was so kind and attentive. The cannoli at the end of our meal was perfect. The most important thing about a good cannoli is the shell and it was crisp and fresh. The whole meal was wonderful. We sat and drank really good wine and ate a really great meal and enjoyed being together in a beautiful place. Highly recommend the restaurant and their staff.We have been passing through New Orleans almost annually, if not more often, for the past 12 years.  The family does not enjoy typical New Orleans fare; so, for once we tried looking for something more up our alley. 
We were very pleasantly surprised by the food, ambiance and service at Marcellos.  We actually ended up there quote by accident by mistaking Lafayette Square for Jackson Square on the map on Yelp.  
We will never pass through NOLO without dining here!  Bonus:  in addition to having a fantastic wine bar and wine selection, their bartenders make killer drinks.Dear Marcellos,
I had been wanting to visit you for a while now. Finally made it. I was flying co and my girl was pilot. We stopped on during happy hour from 2-5p.  1/2 off bottles a and 1/2 off signature cocktails. I am getty about my Prosecco tho. 
In summary, I will be back during happy hour. I also interested in the upstairs for private events. I think I have 100 events between '14 a'15...Our group of 13 was quickly seated despite our short notice reservation. Elliot, our server, was fantastic! She was personable and highly attentive to each of us. The pick-your-bottle of wine option was unique and the food was superb. Flavorful and distinct entrees - swordfish, linguine tritone, boar - are not to be missed. Clean and comfortable atmosphere invites you to take your time amd enjoy the company.Went to dinner our first night in town with my fiance and dad. We ordered the artichoke appetizer which was mediocre. My fiance had the mussels which he said were very good. I ordered the Red Snapper which was good. My dad had the Chicken parm which he said was mediocre. The pasta that came with it was overcooked. Pasta has to be al dente!!! My fiance had a chicken dish which was overcooked. The dessert was delicious (caramel with fresh cream).
I'm sure there are better Italian restaurants in town?I've now been here for lunch, happy hour, and dinner. I must say, each time my experience has been a delight! The food is wonderful, the wine is delicious and well-priced. I highly recommend sitting at the bar during happy hour and ordering some bar bites or perusing the bottles of wine which are so affordable for a restaurant! Great neighborhood addition!Being from NY I have found NOLA to be lacking in options for good Italian food. No longer since I found Marcello's. Great food, good portion sizes and best of all you can pick a bottle of wine at the back of the restaurant to share at your table. Loved it.Loved this place, environment and food. Claudine our server it's absolutely awesome, great attention and attitude. Highly recommend the home made ravioli, mussels and the risotto.Lovely place with very friendly staff. Just had wine which was wonderful. Had a nice visit with Gene, one of the owners.Pork cheek is very popular and great, but the menu has so much more to offer. They have the best wine selection at great prices. I love Elliot, she was great.Really enjoyable dining experience! Dining room is amid wine racks where you can shop for your bottle of wine to go with your dinner.  Food was fabulous too. Shared a nice assortment of things: antipasto board, calamari, salad, fettuccine with fried oysters, chicken & veal parmigiano & pork cheek "daube-like" meat over pasta.  Were too full for dessert! All really good!Amazing!!! I love Italian so always in search of good place to eat.  I had the pasta bolognese and OMG it was up there with my favorites.  DEEEELISH!!  Highly recommend if you're in the mood for an outstanding Italian meal!A great restaurant if you like Italian and wine. They have a huge wine selection. My meal and that of my dining partner was fantastic. The service was also excellent and very knowledgable regarding the wine selection. It gets a big thumbs up.WINE, WINE and more WINE. The food review in a minute. This is also a wine store. After you get seated you get to walk around and select your wine while accompanying the wine expert. 
The experience was just amazing. 
This is great Italian food. The four of us shared appetizers and shared main meals. 
Great place, great service, great Wine and great food.Second time eating at Marcellos & again we were not disappointed. I got a Pinot Grigio wine, veal parmigiana & mista salad. My hubby got Caesar salad & eggplant parmigiana.  All was absolutely delicious. We shared the yummy cannoli. Our waitress, Sam was extremely nice & helpful.Great food,great experience !! Everything was absolutely amazing until our server decided to expel the most horrific smelling flatulence while we were enjoying our desert. The stench lingered until we walked out.I Love this restaurant! The whole experience was like being in Italy!The wine list was outstanding!The food looked delicious and tasted as good as it looked!It has a very inviting feel to it!Yay for a new Italian restaurant! So give it a try you will enjoy! Thank you my new friends for a great experience! It is on St Charles close to Lee Circle,St Patrick Church!Ciao Benvenuto to the new restaurant!Not only hands-down the best meal we had in New Orleans, but one of the best Italian dinners we have had in all of our travels; including Italy. 
The decor is rather ordinary, but the service is exceptional.Marcello's serves wonderful southern italian food right in my neighborhood. Being 2 doors down from Herbsaint, doesn't hurt with their overflow business. The veal/chicken dishes are great and we frequently split them. Great foccaia, and you get to roam the wine store and bring the relatively inexpensive wine back to your table. A great easy place to go is you are in the warehouse gallery district.First time at Marcello's.  Although it is sad to see Le Chat Noir out of business, this is a nice replacement.
Arrived at 8:30 on a Friday night in mid-August with a party of 3 without reservations.  Although completely full, the hostesses were very accommodating.  We only waited 15 or so minutes before being seated.  I ran in to a table of girls I grew up with having a reunion.  This gave me a chance to check out the champagnes offered by the bottle in their retail "Wine Bar".  Great selection and reasonably priced so I sent a bottle of champagne over to their table which the hostesses arranged flawlessly.
We sat in the front room with windows onto St. Charles.  Very nicely done.
We went back to the "Wine Cellar" to pick out and purchase a bottle or red wine.  Again, great selection, reasonably priced and no corkage fee.  We purchased a bottle of Prisoner.
We got the crabmeat contessa as an appetizer.  Tons of jumbo lump crabmeat over perfectly fried eggplant discs with a nice light red sauce.  Highly recommended.
For entrees we ordered the chicken cacciatore, eggplant parmigiana and I got the tritone.
They thouroughly enjoyed their parmigiana and cacciatore.  The only complaint I had was the tritone I ordered.  It came with tons of jumbo lumb crabmeat and a nice large hunk of lobster (the rest of the lobster was the non-meaty gross part of the claw that isn't meat but some sort of damp flesh) and shrimp (the shrimp were not very good).  The linguine was housemade and very good.  My biggest complaint was that the sherry cream sauce had no flavor.  I had to add tons of salt and pepper (which I normally never do in a restaurant) in order to give it any flavor at all.
For dessert we ordered the creme brulee sampler which came with three flavors, an espresso, a chocolate and a vanilla custard.  All excellent.
Our waiter was friendly, knowledgeable and prompt.
Overall a pleasant experience and we will be back to try other dishes.Amazing! 
Please don't leave New Orleans without visiting this place. 
Food: had the tomato basil soup to start - refreshing and delicious. Then the spaghetti bolognese - great portion, great flavor (the tomato sauce has a hit of barbecue sauce - perfect twist! Absolutely loved it). Finished it off with the tiramisu - I'm a dessert lover, so I've tried a couple of tiramisu desserts, this one tops the list (decadent, very soft). 
The service: Chat (our waiter) was great. Very courteous and attentive, thank you Chat (or Chad?). 
The ambience: very clean and welcoming. 
In the end, this place is a must-go in NOLA.We chose this restaurant from the ratings in Yelp. We were not disappointed. Great atmosphere. Great hospitality. Great food. Gene the owner greeted us in true Italian style as he opened the restaurant for dinner. We got in without a reservation and had a great meal. The tiramisu was to die for, all made from scratch.
We found out the restaurant had only been open for 7 months and they were votes in the top 100 wine restaurants in the country. The only one in New Orleans. Not bad Gene. Thanks for a great evening!My friend and I came here after going to Lüke's for their oyster happy hour (definitely worth checking out) and it's only two blocks away from it. If you do though, don't order too many oysters / eat the bread, because the portion sizes at Marcello's are solid. 
I ordered the marsala pork cheeks ($25), and it was AMAZING. I got the recommendation from my waitress, and I was surprisingly impressed by the portion size and flavor. I would definitely come back again. 
Bang for buck: 4/5
Taste: 4.5/5 
Overall: 4.5/5We were recommended Marcello's by a local working at our hotel (Ryan from The Moxy)-- we were lucky to be paired with Derek as our server. We're from NYC and I work in the alcohol industry and hospitality, Derek was truly exceptional. He exceeded our expectations, knew the ins-and-outs of the restaurant and menu and had the most phenomenal presence and service. He alone made our experience a cut above--pair that with a fabulous wine director, who took the time to explain his cellar and food that is perfectly made and kept us salivating--it was the best experience and welcome we could've asked for from NOLA.Love this place! The wine shop in the back makes it a fun/interactive spot to pick out your own wine. Somewhat of a casual vibe, great service and great food. The squid ink pasta with crab is excellent (5/5) however, some of the other entrees fall short and that is why I give this a 4/5 stars. Very great choice for Italian food and I go back to often!An excellent find.  A group of us traveling for work came across this place on a whim as many in the group was ready for a break from the regular Cajun fair. The staff was super helpful between accommodating our large group and waitress being super friendly.  Even spoke French with colleagues from France.  
It was very neat to browse the wine selections about the place.  Other staff folks checking in to see if they could offer any advice.  Very unique experience.
The meal I had was the tritone:  pasta with various seafood.  The dish was excellent and had plenty of seafood-- a pleasant surprise from what you normally experience.  
Everyone in the group was extremely happy with their selections.  Think this was everyone's favorite meal:  an Italian place in New Orleans????Went here for a business dinner.  The Calamari was my favorite part.  Incredible variety of wine and the wait staff was attentive.  I would go again.Easily the best fish I have had in my life! I had the pesce en bordo with rainbow trout, and it was simply incredible! On top of that the wine guy was simply incredible. He was so patient with us and ended up finding an amazing petite sirah that was exactly what we were looking for. The best part, though, was the price. Anywhere else I would have expected to pay (and would have happily paid) forty bucks or more for my meal. Instead it was only 32 AFTER the tip! I can not recommend this place highly enough.We had an incredible evening at Marcello's! The service was impecable. Our server was very nice and gave us excellent food and wine suggestions. He was very passionate about the restaurant, you could tell that he genuinely loves what he does. A month later, and we're still dreaming about the food. I had the pork cheek and polenta and it was excellent. But the chicken and risotto was even better. The skin was crispy and salty and the chicken was perfectly cooked. So glad we found this place, it was by far our favorite meal during our stay in NOLA.We had our daughters wedding reception in the private dining upstairs. It was such a treat and great choice to have this important moment. The chef made an amazing steak filet that melted in your mouth and all our plates were presented with class. The service was top notch! We are so happy to have selected this restaurant and recommend it with 5 stars!An all around great meal! Great service, food was outstanding and wonderful atmosphere. This place is off the beaten path for visitors in New Orleans and well worth the extra walk. The food and wine selection are what set this place apart. You go 'shopping' for your wine, like in a store, and pay bottle price. It's a great deal and place for wine lovers!A great break from the French Quarter, an abundant wine selection, but the food- perfection. 
Service was excellent and they made it up to us when our order became slightly stalled because of a few large parties. 
A good amount of courses offered but we stuck to a few since we had been eating so much food already. 
Quiet, spacious and modern, charming decor.Pork cheeks and polenta in a marsala sauce with mushrooms was life changing. The wine selection is amazing! Highly recommend this place for date night or gathering with friends.True to other Yelper's assessments, Marcello's lived up to the hype. Had dinner on Halloween night and absolutely loved that their entire staff were in costume. Very lively and festive atmosphere! Since I'm writing this review over a month since I dined here, I can't remember the exact dishes we had nor the wine we selected but I will say, my memory tells me we left happy, satiated and very pleased with our experience. I will definitely be coming back to take advantage of their happy hour.Date night for our last evening in NOLA. Service was great and food was done well. We had the veal Molli and pork cheek Marsala with noodles. The veal was lightly breaded. Wasn't too heavy.Fantastic experience last night at Marcellos. EVERYTHING was outstanding. The AOC pasta was ridiculously delicious as well as the pork cheeks, and Wild Boar Ragu. Our server was fantastic and the manager Garland went above and beyond to make our experience second to none. The bartender Alia made a fantastic champagne cocktail and suggested a great bottle of wine.A delightful late lunch. The wait staff and staff in general were very friendly & helpful with wine pairings and dinner suggestions.  The veal Marsalla actually made me cry tears with my last bite.......The BEST food and service experienced while in New Orleans for five days!  It was such a pleasure to be seated in front of the kitchen pass so that we could watch the chef and his capable staff work together so very well.  Not only were they serving up some delicious and beautifully plated food, they seemed to be having a good time while doing it!
The wait staff was also working together seamlessly - often assisting each other serving and carrying condiments needed.  The Expediter was terrific.  She also worked so very well with the kitchen staff, chef, wait staff, and somme by assisting them and complimenting others on their terrific work.  
A great team creates great restaurants and Marcello's is a gem.
What a pleasure to watch while enjoying the wonderful Italian food and wine.Hidden gem in nola for those who want to scape from cajun food. The ambiance, the service, and specially, the food, are simply amazing. Superb.Good food, incredible service.  Amazing selection of wines. Artichoke appetizer is a must.Wonderful staff and amazing food. I was visiting New Orleans for the first time and since I'm not into creole food I looked for Italian restaurants in the area and came across this Marcello's. I ate there two nights in a row and for sure will come back when visiting New Orleans. Price is on the high side but it is worth every cent.Service needed much improvement after waiting 15 minutes for the waitress to return to our table after bringing very watered down drinks. 
Seafood soup had great flavor but all seafood was mushy so very overlooked. 
Lasagna was the caliber of Olive Garden. 
I've been to this restaurant numerous times. Food has always been fabulous. When I asked if the owner was there and  was told no, it was obvious why everything wAs so mediocre. When the cat's away, the mice play. 
Perhaps they will contact me.The Italian onion soup was amazing. The pork cheek Marsala on polenta was one of the most amazing things I have ever eaten   The environment was great. The service was outstanding.The best meal we had in NOLA and we had many excellent meals. Manager and wait staff were fantastic with their wine recommendations. They were very knowledgeable in the wine dragons and types. Food was amazing. Best Cesar salad I've ever had besides my dad's authentic recipe. Staff was fantastic and everything was impeccable. Will definitely come back next time we are in NOLA.We went here for our last night in New Orleans, the food was excellent as was the service. I had the tri pasta it was delicious. The sauce was light. Then we had tiramisu for dessert it was yummy. It's a great place for a quiet evening for two.This place is soooo consistently delicious! I've come here for the lunch specials during work, and I've been bringing all my friends from out of town. It's such a hit with them!!! The wine selection is so large. The staff are pros at pairing the wine to the meals. They are extremely helpful. Last time I was there the hostess, Mandy, was so sweet and welcoming. After our meal she gave us some great recommendations around the area. 
I cannot get enough of the eggplant parm parm. It's my go to.Wow!!!  New Orleans is a city with plenty of restaurants to choose from.  So when you come across one that has outstanding service, food, atmosphere and great concept you just have to share about it on Yelp.  
Start from the moment we walked in the place.  Blown away by the atmosphere.  Then immediately greeted by a super friendly hostess that was full of energy and made you feel very appreciated for being at the restaurant.   We were sat near the semi open kitchen that made me feel like I was apart of the kitchen(trust me not in a bad way at all)  Were were immediately greeted by our waiter Nick(who knew his stuff) I choose the spaghetti with bolognese sauce  and my partner ordered the veal parmesan.  Talk about delicious.  Desert was the best tiramesu I have ever had.  Toward the end of our dinner Chef Jason came to our table and made sure that everything was to our liking.   
All I can say is "This is my new favorite Italian restaurant in the city.  Thank you Marcello's for making my night really special.Wish I could give more stars! Everything was on point. From our incredible server Meira to excellent food. The atmosphere is elegant without being stuffy. We were greeted promptly at door and shown our table. Place was 3/4 filled ( good for a Monday evening). Meira was courteous and very helpful with the menu as this was our first (of many) visits. The Aracini was perfect, the tomato basil soup and Caesar salad were very fresh. Our entrees were spaghetti bolanbaise and eggplant parmagana were excellent. For desert we had the Cerma de chocolate. Fantastic. If you like wine they have a huge wine cellar you can walk and find your own bottle. All in all a perfect experience. And the price for both of us was around 100. A bargain for such impeccable service!Date night out we decided on a tasting session. (A bunch of apps and a few glasses of wine.)
Grilled artichokes - good.  Simple flavors.  Would have been better with a lemon butter kind of sauce instead of aioli.  
Lamb meatballs - overcooked. Flavors in the meatball, again, simple.  The mint sauce is where the flavor is.  It was good but I couldn't get past the dryness of the meatball.  I ended up ordering house meatballs and not eating the lamb.   
House meatballs - not on the menu but you can ask for them!  2 large meatballs.  Very good meatballs. Juicy and tender.  The red sauce was good but I've had better.  Strong tomato flavor.  Could use some more garlic+herbs. 
Crabmeat contessa - This was the best of them all.  I was hesitant to get it because its a $20 app! But, it is a decent portion and there is a lot of crabmeat.  The eggplant was PERFECT.  Thick slices still tender.  Not at all mushy or greasy. Delicate crabmeat flavors paired perfectly with the light caper aioli.  
Zucchini ribbons - good.  A bit too much broth? I'm guessing it was broth that the ribbons were in, but it was a bit much.  Made them more wet/soupy than I would have preferred.  If they cooked them in the broth, they should have strained them or held back the sauce when plating.  Flavor was good though.  I'd get these again. 
Tiramisu - the best in the city so far but still not perfect.  The lady fingers were not soaked enough.  There was barely any expresso flavor - a little layer on the very bottom of the cake.  Mainly the coco flavor and the marscapone.  Still good and I'd get it again.  Perhaps this batch was off...  
Finally, an Italian restaurant in NOLA thats not serving "creole italian".  I don't want redfish covered in redsauce!  I love the menu.  They have classics like chicken parm but also have creative menu items.  Good variety. The wine selection is impressive and the prices for the bottle are much lower than you'd typically see at a restaurant. I'd still rank Oak Oven in Harahan a bit higher than this place as the flavors here were a little lacking. 
Dinner for 2 with 2 glasses of wine each came to about $150 with tip.  Reasonable for the amount of food and quality.  Easily spend more than that in this city for a nice dinner.Looking for authentic Italian and an amazing wine selection then look no further! Highlights include great wines, quality service and the chicken palermo!
We had a reservation to eat here on White Linen Night so despite the crowds we were greeted warmly by both the hosts and owners and seated promptly. The decor of the restaurant is really fitting to the menu, with chandeliers made of wine bottles and an exposed kitchen that let you peek at the chefs at work. Our waiter was super amicable and knowledgable about the menu.
We started off with the caesar salad, burrata salad and the chicken pate. Both the burrata and the pate were huge servings so anticipate sharing those. The pate came with thick bread and a sweet jam accompaniment. The burrata was also delicious but the ratio of cheese to salad was a little lacking. The caesar was great and it came with eggplant croutons, yum.
For dinner we got the pappardelle, vongole, lasagna and chicken Palermo. The pastas were good, the best being the lasagna but that's probably because it was overloaded in cheese. Hands down the best dish though was the chicken palermo which was cooked to perfection. I would come back in a heartbeat to order that. 
Overall amazing food and amazing service!Amazing food! We really had an amazing time. You get to chose your bottle of wine amongst a wide variety. And Jackie was the best waitress and best adviser! Did I mention the food was amazing?!Very cool place. Large wine selection that you can just get up and walk around, pick out what you want and bring it back to your table. Food was very good and service was outstanding. Will be back.Went to Marcello's to celebrate closing on our new condo in the city. Unfortunately, there was not much to celebrate here. 
We made a reservation for Friday lunch. We were seated promptly, but that was about the only thing prompt that occurred. It took about 20 minutes to receive our drinks (only 4 people). The waiter did apologize about some private party going on in the back, but honestly, that seemed like just an excuse for the slow service. I tried 2 different wines during our meal. Hated both. For a restaurant/wine store the options are not that great. 
We ordered a few appetizers: charcuterie (I could make a better one myself for way less $$), grilled artichokes (probably the star dish of the day) & lamb meatballs (way too dry). 
For my entree I ordered the Crabmeat Contessa appetizer. I had read a previous review that stated it was good. The second the dish was placed in front of me I could smell the fishy-ness coming from the crabmeat. Giving them the benefit of the doubt, I tasted it. Ick! The crabmeat tasted like the cheap pasteurized kind you find at the grocery store. I could not even eat it, which upset me more because the dish is just as expensive as an entree because of the crabmeat. I am not a picky eater AT ALL, but growing up in South Louisiana, I have experienced the creme de la creme of seafood, and this was just not okay to be served. 
Other entrees ordered were the mussels (didn't try) and the bolognese, which we saw giant cans of Hunt's tomato sauce being rolled in as we ate, so I question the authenticity of the actual sauce. The dish is decent, but again, I could make a better bolognese at home (and I'm not even Italian!)
Normally it takes a lot for me to write a bad review, but this was just an overall bad experience. Maybe it was just an off day, but I won't be returning to Marcello's anytime soon.Delicious food! We had the ravioli and the pork cheeks and the veal molli... we sat in the front room, which was awesome. Great view. Obviously, awesome wine selection. JUSTYN was our sever. He was the best ever!!!! He made us feel really welcome and taken care of! He is great at his job! We will definitely go back!The Marsala pork cheek tasted fantastic.   Overall, nice atmosphere, friendly service, and a huge wine selection.Very attentive service! Bread was delicious. Meal was yummy. Ordered Tritone. Not too heavy. Very flavorful! So far wonderful experience! You must go here! Seriously!Excellent food and great service. I love the concept of buying wine at retail from their wine shop. Our go-to place for dinner every time we're in NOLA.Had the shrimp and linguini and it was exquisite. Must revisit this restaurant. Brought the kids with us and they loved it.We picked this restaurant based on reviews on Yelp. It did not disappoint. Our waiter was Daniel and he was extremely attentive and friendly. Our food was delicious and my husband picked out his own bottle of wine from their wine store. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who's in the mood for a great meal in a great location.Perhaps this review should be prefaced with the fact that I eat here once a week, for a large lunch every Friday. Everything is good. There is the choice of typical Italian American dishes (veal Parmesan), New Orleans fare (gumbo from time to time), and continental fare (jumbo lump crab meat in a caper aoili sandwiched between golden fried eggplant. The wine selection is a veritable wine market-thousands of dollars in inventory priced only a few dollars above retail. Not sure how the pull it off, but they do and it works! I highly recommend.I gotta say that this place was pretty bomb! The chicken parmigiana was delicious and the wine was also good. Their soup of the day was perfect with the spicy touch! 
Also, unlimited water hahaha!Hands down the best restaurant I've been to in New Orleans... And I'm a Chef. Artichokes were perfect... Palermo Chicken on point. The sommelier picked the perfect bottle of wine to my specifications as well. It's a hidden gem of a place not in the French Quarter. I will definitely come back.Let me start by saying I LOVE THE FOOD! 
Everything was perfect. Atmosphere was also very nice. It was my first time visiting Nola And Even though this wasnt the typical "tourist" type of place... The food was still amazing! The reason i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 was the waitress made me feel somewhat rushed! Cant win them all i guess.Comer aquí fue una linda experiencia , toda la comida muy rica , y sobre todo la atención y recomendaciones de la waitress un gran aciertoit was extremely over priced for the portion size. the eggplant parm is three pieces of eggplant and a tiny side of pasta. I ate a slice of pizza immediately after I left because I was still hungry..Delicious Italian food and beautiful restaurant! Would be perfect place for romantic dinner!Marcello's is one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans - a city that has a lot of my all time favorite restaurants! It's a humble little place - they know their food is great, but they don't feel the need to impress. 
Their food is always great - I always get the Veal Molli, and my co-workers raved about the A.O.C. and the bolognese. Also recommend the Caesar salad and their complimentary bread. Part of the fun is picking out your wine - make sure to give your server a description of what you're looking for (flavor profile and price point) and they'll walk you through the restaurant to show the bottles or bring a selection back to your table.  
But what really stands out is the service - I've been there probably 5 times in the past year, and each time the team there has provided a fantastic experience. They've recommended fantastic bottles of wine, accommodated groups of 20 at a last minute notice with a fixed menu, and happily re-seated our party when a group of 10 people turned into a group of 6 people (and showed up 45 min late). They have made stressful situations into enjoyable evenings, and I cannot thank the staff enough for that!Loved our outing to Marcello's.  We picked Marcello's after seeing their recognition as one of the best new restaurants in New Orleans.  Well deserved!  From the lovely chicken pate (we took a second order to go!) and the lamb meatballs to the most delightful tomato soup and the veal Parmesan, the food was spot on.  Loved the idea of browsing the wine (extensive selection) and with the kind assistance of the knowledgable staff, making our own pick!  Literally, you browse the wine racks scattered throughout the restaurant.  Great service, nice visit by the owner to all the tables.
We will be backVisiting New Orleans looking for great Italian cuisine. The four of us had a tasting of each other's food. Yummy.  Service was fantastic, food so fresh and tasty. Fried calamari crispy with tasty sauces. 
wine choices plentiful,  awesome marscopone cheese cake
Would definitely recommend this restaurant.Went to lunch with 3 friends today and this place knocked it out the park! Service (Dina) was fabulous! She had great recommendations and thorough knoledge of the menu. The food was excellent! Wine selections are unbelievable with unbelievable prices!!! Happy hour is a MUST!!Absolutely awesome! Online reservation was a snap! We got the Tritone and it was amazing. They have shelves of wine with price tags and you can just pick out a bottle and they'll open it for you. Wonderful service. My fiend knocked over a wineglass as they were so polite when the cleaned it up. I would highly recommend!!!Burnt bread, no butter even after asking multiple times, real downer.  Calamari was too over cooked almost over fried, lost my appetite so I did no feel like eating to I did not order an entree.  No IPA's to choose from.  This was a real let down.  I won't ever come back.  If you can't do the bare basics in New Orleans, like bread, calamari and basic service there are 1000 places to go in New Orleans so I don't need to come backI love it here. Food is really good especially love the lasagna. Excellent service. Never a bad experience.On a recent trip to New Orleans I stopped in with some friends for lunch right before my train back home.  They were completely understanding and accommodating, as I had come in to secure our reservation while the rest of my party found parking.  Once we were all assembled, they quickly sat us down and went over the specials, as well as the fact they are also a wine store - we could purchase any number of their bottles to enjoy at our table or to take home.  Nice!  
Since we were in a rush, we skipped the wine and went right to the food.  Several of my party decided to change their initial thought of what they'd like to have in favor of the daily special, I however stuck with eggplant parmigiana.  So tasty, and just the right size to fill me up and sustain me for the rest of the afternoon!  
Everyone else remarked how good their choices were, and I particularly appreciated that Wilfredo made sure my water glass was refilled several times.  Gotta stay hydrated!  
Sad that it was my final meal in Nola, but really glad I ended things on a good note!What an incredible establishment!! We actually had reservations at another establishment who was not very engaging. In fact, they made us feel like an inconvenience. We were looking for a place to have a drink and wait for our reservation and found Marcello's . They were not only engaging and kind, but the food was fabulous and the service  impeccable. I will return next time that I am in New Orleans.Try the pork belly. It is amazing!! Great service. Parking nearby is pricy. Ambiance is lovely. It's a little loud when it's packed, bc of the tile floors.I really enjoyed Marcello's.  
- Service was nicely paced.  A little slow to bring the check, but I'll chalk that up to how busy the place was
- I liked the space.  Medium sized, but well spaced.  Even though it was crowded, it didn't get too loud.  It was nice to not need to shout
- The charcuterie board was pretty standard, but the Chimay cheese and the prosciutto were outstanding.  The cheese was creamy, with just a hint of that beer bite to it and prosciutto was tender and salty.  Perfect
- My main, the chicken cacciatore was pretty good.  Excellent sauce, although it could have kicked the spice up a notch.  I appreciated the gluten free spaghetti.  The chicken was off the bone and white meat though.  Cacciatore should be dark meat on the bone, so that was the only disappointment.  For white meat, it was decent (i.e., not dry)
- For dessert, I had the anna tutta patta, a bowl of caramel with roasted almonds and cream.  It was probably the sweetest thing I've ever had.  In other words, I loved it.  The almonds were key in balancing the sweetness of the caramel.
Overall a nice dinner.  Looking forward to going back.Went on a business lunch today.  They were unorganized and not ready at 11:30am when we had reservations, because they open at 11:30am.  I think it could be better organized with all the empty wine boxes in the foyer.  Got the fish of the day flounder with zucchini on top with a  saffron sauce.  Absolutely delicious! It also came with the house salad which was the mista salad.  Absolutely loved the salad. The service could have been better, but will be back for dinner.We had a birthday celebration with a huge party, Elliot and Ron were outstanding!!! My glass was never empty, and that is hard to do! The meal was amazing too!Service here is always outstanding. The food and the wine are excellent. We stop here every time I visit New Orleans.One of the best dining experiences I have had in the us
Did not have reservations on a Saturday so we thought we would chance it
Checked in and said we would wait at the bar and encountered Devan who makes a mean Pimms Cup with her own style and panache. Happily waited and had 2! Unique wine offerings where you pick your own bottle off the shelf at minimal markups unlike most other restaurants! Fantastic selection especially hard to find Italian.
Got seated in Claire's section and she took wonderful care of us especially when she found out it was my birthday! You could tell both young ladies enjoyed their jobs and that makes it even more enjoyable 
The experience was really special and the food even more so. Just order the pork cheek and thank me laterThank you Marcello's......Had long weekend in New Orleans and what a surprise to find Marcello's across the street from our hotel.  We love good food....I mean LOVE good food and travelled outside the city to "hunt" down the non-tourist (and non-food network) treasures, the search was right under our nose at Marcello's.
Love the concept of grabbing your own wine, sommelier was great in pointing me in superb direction leaving us with an incredible Italian Cab/Sangiovese (Rompicollo) for exceptionally good value (although that was not the goal).
Our server was just a sweet person who loved their food and could communicate just how good each dish was.....I wish I had her name as she is the best type of service minded person, real and NOT fake! Thank you.
Could write a paragraph on each plate but will simply say this level of quality and goodness does not happen by chance, the team are pros at all levels, the flavours were memorable and leaves me wanting to find a reason to return to to New Orleans.
Loved it but don't take my word for it!!!Came for dinner and it was soo good. They also have a great selection of wine and friendly wait staff.Best Caesar salad of my life.  It was delicious, and instead of croutons, it had breaded and fried cubes of eggplant, which were also delicious.  Genius.  My cocktail was also excellent.  And the service was good- I was there on my own at the tail end of lunch, and I felt taken care of, but not hurried, or interrupted constantly.  (I had a book.)
One minor quibble:  the arancini was one giant ball when I was expecting several little ones.  Looking back at the menu it does say "risotto ball" not "risotto balls" but this significantly changes the ratio of filling to crispy outside, and I just didn't like it as much.My sister and I were there yesterday before we went to the YLC Wednesdays in Lafayette Square. Had a couple of drinks and 2 appetizers we were lucky enough to be there during happy hour 1/2 price drinks and appetizers the food and drinks were wonderful it was a beautiful day nice sunny breezy great day for eating and drinking outside.Terrible terrible customer service. First time in New Orleans and I will not be going back here. The waitress took way too long to come back with a basic ginger ale. The seating arrangement outside was all over the place and it took forever to get a waitress in the first place. The Cesar salad was not fresh. Overall a no goEXCELLENT, everything was so delicious. It was real tasty authentic Italian food. The spaghetti bolognese is awesome, the calamari was great, everything was just classic and fresh. The restaurant is also clean and lovely.Marcellos is an outstanding establishment to dine!No better place for excellent service and superb tasty food.    No better place for a romantic dinner date or to rekindle an old flame. This may be our new staple for dinner.  Service, wine, and the manager Garland really made our evening memorable and unique.  Looking forward to dining again!!!Terrific food, prices are on point, fantastic service.  We were here to celebrate my wife's birthday, and the restaurant treated her to a complimentary cannoli (which was delicious, according to her).  Excellent menu, in a beautiful setting.This is a must go for anyone ready for a fancy night out! Amber was our waitress; she was very knowledge about the menu and the wine. She helped make the night fun for all of us. The food was also amazing-- I couldn't stop eating and we bought a bottle of wine for the hotel room. We will definitely be going to this restaurant again on our next trip.I am disappointed that I can only give 5 stars. Absolutely wonderful place. Food outstanding and service unsurpassed. One of the three best meals I've ever had!!!Guappo chef salad was my choice for a quick lunch with a friend who ordered the same thing.  Very very good salad!   Eggplant croutons!!  And, the atmosphere was very nice inside, but without a massive price tag.  I didn't have wine but noted their extensive collection.  I also noted a chalk board describing a Happy Hour that starts at 2:30!  I was impressed with place. Though it just opened, staff had their act together - friendly, knowledgeable, efficient.  Very good experience overall.  I will be back.
UPDATE:  Went back recently.  Great vibe!  I think this place has some legs!!I just popped in on a busy Friday night and sat at the bar for what I thought was a quick glass and a bite. Ended up staying about 4 hours and ate a plate of mussels that were so great (tomato, garlic, butter?, wine) that I had to have them again, after a plate of amazing bolognese spaghetti and meatballs. The wine selection is extensive and surprisingly reasonably priced. What made my experience so memorable however was not just the affable and inviting patrons, but most notably the bartender. Beautiful, friendly, smart, and talented, she seamlessly prepared drinks while making friendly and informative conversation with everyone as if they were all old friends. This is a great neighborhood "osteria" with fabulous food and drinks but the coup de grace is the bartender and her incredible service. Kudos!Everything is delicious. Staff very nice as well. Fried broussel sprouts were really good. Would definitely recommend.  Five stars!Didn't realize how crowded everything would be on a Wednesday night so were lucky we found a seat at the bar for dinner.  Nice glass of Malbec to start.  I had the chicken parmigiana, which was very good.   Large portion, nice bread coating and sauce was good.   Everything came out hot and fresh like I like it.  Service was great and all in all a good experience.This place was amazing. The food and service was top notch. I will definitely return and strongly recommend it. You will not be disappointedOMG! Amazing.  Didn't have a reservation and took the chance of getting  a bar stool. Entire staff was amazing!  Bartenders, Jeff & Devan were better than top shelf. Had the Mussels and Devin suggested adding angel hair pasta, wow, didn't have to do that! My wife asked if they could do chicken Marsala which isn't on the menu, they said no problem we can do that!
Take the time to try this place Top 10 in NOLA for me!Sadly, they took away the discounted appetizers during happy hour and everything is full price...definitely not coming here as much because their appetizers are expensive!!I went here during a Nola visit last January and loved it so much I returned last month. The service is incredible and the food is great. I am probably going to make this a stop during all my visits. I grew up with an Italian mom in NY so this is comfort food for me. The owners are lovely too.This has always been one of my favorite places to dine. Tonight, there was a slight decline in our over all experience. I will say that the food was spot on. No complaints or critisims from anyone. My issues were derived from the service. Our waiter was ill prepared to discribe the menu or the specials. When wine was served, it was spilled without any apologies. After dinner drinks, (Calvados) was served in Rock glasses, our desert Tiramisu, was supposed to be. served with an Espresso Martini, it was served after the dessert was eaten.
I don't mean for this review to sound so negative, but, when you dine out, and spend $200+, there are certain things that should be required. Though this was not the perfect dinning experience, I will be back.Best dinner we had on our recent trip to New Orleans. Veal Molli was perfectly seasoned and flavored. Spaghetti and meatballs yummy - perfect kids meal (though they would not do a 1/2 order or kid's size portion).  Grilled artichoke appetizer was simple and lovely.  Cannoli was perfect, and it is not easy to make a perfect cannoli.  Fabulous meal, great service (except no kids menu/half portions ), and wonderful wine selection.