Great looking place with good music, but should be classified as Latin fusion, not Cuban... If you're looking for traditional Cuban, it's not here. Food was decent, not great, but the Mojito was very good.I was recently in NOLA for a visit. We ate all over the city and had some very good meals, but I think we all agreed that one of our best meals was at MAYA. We wandered in on New Years Day after walking around the garden district. Is there anything better than a completely random find that turns out to be delicious? I don't think so. Another plus...they were offering giant cocktails for $5 each. I asked the waiter if the bloody mary was really spicy and he said it was but that they could tone mine down for me if I wanted. I did. It was perfect! Everything we ordered was delicious and very reasonably priced. Even the free chips and salsa were awesome! We liked it so much that we tried to go back for lunch the next day. Sadly, they were on their holiday break :-( 
If you are a visitor to New Orleans, definetly venture away from the french quarter and check this place out!One of the best meals I have had! I was crazy impressed with the food, and the mojitos- yowza!!!!!I ate here soon after they opened and my food was very much not to my liking.  Some of the seafood dishes sound interesting but unfortunately I had the ropa vieja and I just completely didn't like anything about it.  I haven't been back since that experience but it sounds like from some of the other reviews that they have expanded their menu and added some good drinks so I might need to get back to sample some mojitos.  As a disclaimer I just really don't find most "Latin/South American style" food to my liking.Great  authintic Yucatan/Mexican food. Beautiful understated decor, and the perfect size. The guacamole is light and refreshing. The food here is excellent, the service as well. Our dinner took a while to come out but I'm going to blame it on a big part that was going on upstairs. Our waitress was very apolagetic.( I never blame wait staff for a kitchen problem) Its right across the street from Juans Flying Burrito and I think it gets looked over because of the hoopla at Juans.  If you are in this block of Magazine you should try this place out.....great food. Now, I will be back (with a new review) to see if the kitchen glitch was due to that party upstairs. Because there was a private party upstairs, I couldnt go see upstairs, but now I know a good place to have a large function! Oh, and my friend says the Mojitos are awsome.Had the Maya platter appetizer. Some items were ok but breading was too coarse and one mystery item that resembled chickpea mash was bland. Of the
 4 dipping sauces, two were average (like ketchup+mayo).
Service and Drinks were AWESOME -special margharita & cipirianha.I am surprised that this place is not packed every night. The food is so marvelous!  The preparations are unique and well executed. The service is attentive and the owner is present to oversee quality. Also very clean, good music and great drinks!Awesome!! All the food was great from the salads to the seafood and rice to the steak. The sangria was the best I ever had, delicious ! The waiter Roberto was very nice and attentive to our needs.He went out of his way to make our 95 year old uncle birthday special. I would  highly recommend it to anyone.Very underrated restaurant. They're not afraid to include unexpected ingredients to traditional latin dishes, e.g. the capers on their huevos rancheros I order for brunch.
If anything, make sure you get some guacamole. It is by far my favorite version in the city.The food was excellent. Service was good our waiter was very attentive. It's a little more expensive than I had anticipated but it was worth the price. 
I think it's better than all the other restaurants  we tried in New Orleans   
Would definitely go back.This place is definitely not closed. We stopped in for lunch today with another couple and had a incredible meal. Definitely try the sangria, it is awesome. I have the fish tacos and my wife have the quesadillas. Both were excellent. This is a great place in the Garden District that is moderately priced and the food is excellent. I highly recommend it.I walked in here, not really knowing what to expect. My girlfriend has been eying this place for some time now, so we decided to try it for lunch. 
We both ordered the house salad which was good. Anything with blue cheese is a winner in my book. For my main dish, I ordered the Cuban Skirt Steak! It was cooked perfectly. Just like the Cuban steak I use to get down in WPB. My girlfriend ordered the Ropa Vieja. I had never had this dish before, but she kept talking about how delicious it usually is. I was not disappointed. The brisket was very tender. She said that the sauce was a little too sweet for her, but I thought it was really tasty. 
From what I have seen on-line the dinner menu look a little expensive, but I would for sure return for lunch.The food was cause for concern. I ordered tuna tar tar which looked as though it had perhaps been placed under a heat lamp or left in a warm area. It was slightly grey and very fatty. The other dishes did not cause us to worry about our health but that's about the best I can say for them. The server was friendly at any rate.Its closed again.... neither the web site or the phone message indicate this.... meh!I'm so confused...how can this restaurant be only 3 1/2 stars?   What is wrong with you people?
I had possibly the best cocktail I've ever had.  A blended mango cilantro drink!  Yum. The tuna tartare, ahi and ceviche was some of the best I've ever had.  Servers were so sweet and fun. It's worth the $10 cabride.  Break up your can food fest with some of the most flavorful flavors you'll taste anywhere.  You will not regret it!!Food was good. Highly recommend the soft shell crab app. However, it takes forever to receive your drink. The server explained that all drinks were made with fresh ingredients, thus causing the delay. But nearly 10 minutes for a mojito and a caipirinha seemed excessive. I actually considered ordering my 2nd cocktail upon receipt of the first. Seems like it would be a great place to go with a bunch of friends for tapas and perhaps wine (vs. mixed cocktails).Absolutely the most incompetent restaurant experience of my life. Comically, insanely idiotic. Among at least five other "misunderstandings" prior to getting our actual food (coffee is wrong, they apparently can't steam milk even though they offer espresso and we ordered cafe con leches, request for salsa forgotten, request for salt forgotten, etc etc etc....) my friend explicitly told the dingbat waiter that she is deathly allergic to avocado. Her food comes smothered in avocado, we tell the waiter, and since we're already totally over it, we just tell them to leave it but take it off the bill, and I switch my food with hers so we can just get the hell out of there instead of waiting another 20 minutes for a replacement. The bill comes, and the avocado smeared entree is still on the bill. Again, we ask to have it removed, finally it's removed,we pay and I approach the manager/bartender to let him know that as a person who's worked in restaurants forever, this by far the most inept service I've ever experienced. Dude then actually cops an attitude and blatantly accuses us of trying to scam them for free food... Seriously. Cannot even f'ing believe the layers of audacity and idiocy at this place. It's like a vortex of total incompetence and gracelessness. Never go here.Awesome drinks, ample food, cozy atmosphere, all-around a great evening with friends.Mayas did not impress me at all. Coming from New York City, I expected "churrasco" to mean a well-seasoned skirt steak or flank steak with chimichurri or ajonjolí y pimienta. Not sure what that was, but it could have easily passed for something between thin-sliced beef steak and steak-umms. I found more satisfying, authentic Latin American dining in Kenner and the Westbank for less than $10 compared to all of the fanfare that surrounds Mayas. Great location for relaxing with friends or entertaining out of town guests, but it's not the best.Stumbled upon this place while visiting the city and couldn't have been more delighted. Excellent food, great drinks and friendly wait staff. The mango habanero salsa was fantastic and if you don't try the guac, you're a fool. If I'm ever in town again, I'll be sure to go back.Absolutely delicious food and drinks. Prices are higher than two cash rating on Yelp.Bad news, people!  Do not go. We had reservations and the place was closed. Friday evening. We saw the owners go in and they ignore us as we asked them what happened.  Not worth your time. Really bad business model.A Magazine St. MUST!  A very Latin/rustic atmosphere.  Their Blackberry Mojitos have a fresh taste and one of the best I've tasted!  I tried a sampler plate with a softshell crab with some special sauce and it was deelish.  Great date spot or just a spot to drop by while walking the street.I've been to Mayas a number of times but it's been about a year since I've been there. I had forgotten how good it was. Or rather, I've often gotten their appetizer platter and had no more room left for an entree. Didn't make that mistake tonight.
Let's start with the taco chips they start you off with. They're crispy and fresh as can be, with no oiliness. And some may say the dipping sauce that came with them was overly sweet, almost like a Chinese duck sauce, but I loved it. Only downside to this yumminess,I nearly filled up on the chips as I'm prone to do with bread at other restaurants.
My friend ordered the classic guacamole which he said was the best in the city. I'm no authority but it was damn good, smooth and tasty.
I got the Carnitas Pibil, pulled pork with some shrimp added and wonderful seasonings--absolutely delicious. It's usually served over refried beans, which I don't like, so I asked for them to serve it over rice. Apparently the chef was a little surprised at this request but I couldn't have been happier. Perhaps they just might have a new dish (or a variation on an old one).
I had also ordered the avocado mango salad. It's a wonderful combination of creamy Hass avocado slices, mango, pico de gallo, grapes, and organic spinach tossed with a tamarindo, red wine reduction balsamic vinaigrette dressing--YUM! At first I was a tad annoyed that it came at the same time as my entree (as opposed to when the guacamole was brought out) but it actually worked out fine as the salad was a nice balance to my entree...and I even had a little left over for dessert.
Service by Tyler was excellent and prices are reasonable for the quality of the food and the size of portions.
Wish I could give Mayas 4 1/2 stars--darn you Yelp! LolSome of the best food I've ever had. We got the regular and fried plantains as an app. Delicious!  I got the Cuban skirt steak which had amazing flavors. The wait staff were sweet and very attentive. Wish I could say more but honestly it is beyond words. If you are visiting New Orleans, I highly suggest it!This place came recommended through a friend. Best recommendation I've had in a while. Quaint environment, great service and wonderful food. Bartender made my experience he was very welcoming and very engaging.
I had the Brazilian mp. Being originally from Brazil I was a little skeptical but I was beyond surprised by the delicious flavors and presentation of a very traditional Brazilian dish. They nailed it.On Valentine's Day, my good friend decided to treat me to dinner. The food was absolutely delicious. I could not stop eating. Really flavorful. The waiter was super nice. The bill can get high fast, but it's nice to splurge on great food. Will return one day!This is one of our favorite places in town. Really good and authentic food, awesome drinks, and great service. I have not tried anything that was not terrific. However, the last times we have been there we have been disappointed with the paella (which is the entrée that makes us go back). It is not as tasty as it used to be and every time we go it seems as if they have reduced the amount of seafood in it. If you know good paella, it has to have plenty seafood (plus it is not cheap, so one excepts a good amount of seafood). It was loaded with shells (with nothing inside), lemons, and rice. We stopped going back because of this, which is a shame because it was our favorite paella in town.I am just stopping by to say it is "A-Ok!"  I had a nice meal there over a year ago and just recently took friends for an appetizer and some sangria.  It was lovely.Sat for 20 minutes at a table outside and  didn't even get our drink order taken. They were not even packed. Only 6 people seated.  Tries to get waiters attention and he completely ignored me. Pure incompetence.  Don't waster your time. Too many good places to eat In the area.Tienen un menú muy amplio. Los platillos que pedimos muy ricos excelente presentación.We found this place by accident and it was wonderful.   We had $5 margaritas the tuna tar tar and the guacamole which was to die for.Great Bloody Mary's!  Awesome guacamole! Service a little slow when they first open. All else great!Not a fan of the sweet salsa. Would prefer a spicy tomato based salsa. 
Great mix of flavors. Try the avocado, shrimp, crab, mango stack.  Crab cakes and fried egg is excellent.Love Maya's - their mojito, sangria, Lechon-Roasted Pork, and Ropa ViejaI've lived here for two years and how am I just now eating at this restaurant! I'm almost embarrassed that it's taken me so long to eat here.
For a Friday night, the place wasn't too packed. The food came out quick.
I had the Carnitas Pibil and the fiancée had the Lomo y Mar.  The pile of pork sitting on top of retried beans topped with shrimp, onion, cheese, carrots, and tortilla chips. I wanted to lick the plate when I was done. The Lomo y Mar was a good sized skirt steak with shrimp and blue cheese mashed potatoes . She likes the steak and shrimp, and for someone who doesn't like blue cheese, she couldn't get enough of get enough of those potatoes.  
Our waiter was Fernando. This dude was awesome. His recommendations were excellent. He also took the time to talk with us. Not just the standard "how's your meal?" But a really talking about the meal and all the ingredients and favors. 
I can't wait to go back.Food is amazing. Prices are very reasonable.  Ambiance is very good. Elegant. 
Service is very slow....  took 30 min for guacamole. 30 min for a salad. Entree came out 65 min after ordering. Even dessert took 10 min after clearing the dinner entree. 
Minimal vegetarian options. Plates look great and taste wonderful. 
Recommend going on a slow weeknight. The kitchen can't handle weekend or holiday business 
I might go twice a year.Had brunch. Great food. Full of flavor. Dessert great as well. Margarita and sangria drinks half off for brunch. Sightsee the area before coming in so you can workup an appetite. It is a must tryI love this restaurant! The staff is delightful, the ambience is lovely and the food is SO good! I've been here twice, once for dinner and again for brunch. For dinner I had a salad with a piece of fish. It was a healthy size salad, SO fresh and flavorful and the fish was cooked to perfection. The brunch was equally satisfying. I had the Mexican crabcake topped with an egg. We also got guacamole and plantains for the table. Everything was so yummy! 
Besides being delicious, the presentation is just beautiful. From the way your cloth napkin is folded to resemble a bird of paradise to the way the fresh chips are arranged in the guacamole... everything is served looking like a piece of art! Almost so pretty that you don't want to eat it! Except, of course, that you DO. 
New Orleans is swimming with restaurants, though as a pescetarian who prefers fresh and healthier offerings, I don't find many menus quite so friendly. This is my kind of place! For all the fanciness, it still feels amiable and down to earth, and the prices are totally reasonable. Yay!We were told, having waited for a drink, that the chef was also acting as bartender. Based upon the food, it may have been the other way around.
We started with salads, which were nothing special. The entrees seemed to have come from different kitchens. The pork, while fatty, was served in a large bowl with at least an attempt at a presentation. My shredded beef enchiladas were smothered in cheese and plunked into the center of a plate between very bland (canned?) refried beans and plain white rice. It looked terrible, but the flavors were even worse.
The beef seemed very sweet, as if it had been marinated with the pork. The sauce was godawful, a Chef Boyardee orange nightmare of blandness and sweetness; it's hard to believe that this was presented in a restaurant. Nothing had any particular flavor beyond the weird sweet taste common to everything.
Neither dish was hot; in fact, the rice had sat on the plate long enough to cake up. 
Dessert delivered the knock-out punch. The tres leches cake served to us may have been the smallest dessert I have ever seen: two small spoonfuls and it was gone. But it was no great loss, as the presentation (a tiny square, all by itself, looking very lonely) mirrored the flavor. The very bland, obviously mass-market 'vanilla' frosting reminded me of the stuff on kids' birthday cakes from Walmart. 
Service was decent, although the servers seemed very tired.
We won't be going back.We stumbled upon this little gem on Magazine Street. Incredibly delicious and authentic. Love the guacamole and the hanger steak is amazing.Holy smokes was this place bad!! Despite having a very extensive menu, not one item that we ordered was even remotely good. The chicken croquettes were frozen-food quality. The tamales tasted like new shoes. The tuna tar tar was inedible. The breading to shrimp ratio of the fried shrimp was 100 to 1. The beef skewers were more like dog meat skewers. I was shocked to find that this place has been in business for 2 years or more. I can't believe enough people pay to eat at this place for it to remain financially afloat. I'm beginning to lose faith in humanity.ALERT: check your bill carefully! I was very disappointed with my dining experience at Mayas. Untrained staff gave the wrong prices for off the menu drink specials and attempted to charge the drinks for double the special price. When I told the waitress that I was charged the wrong price, she refused to edit my bill. Next, I talked to the owner and he called me a liar because he did not believe the waitress would tell me the wrong price for the drink special. So much for the customer always being right. I later was told that the waitress was in training, although I was never told this at the beginning of the night. The waitress in training also never had a trained waiter working with her. I had to send back my check two times because I was  going to be charged for food and drinks I did not order and it took 30 minutes for me to receive the correct bill. Needless to say I will not be returning. Drinks are syrupy with little alcohol.We went for the first time this evening and loved it!!!! We were there early, but the place filled up quickly. This is a very cool, intimate place that  reminds me of NYC. The maitre'd was terrific and accommodating. I love it when as you are being seated they ask you what your preference of seating is! Happens rarely! We both ordered daily specials ( the menu is delicious and fantastic); I ordered the Jamaican scallops with mole ( perfectly spiced, not too chocolatey).. Husband ordered the Chilean sea bass with soft shell crab.... Both were divine! Presentation spot on; quality awesome; quantity perfect; creative and scrumptious. 
Margaritas are 5.00 for happy hour; wine list very nice! Pricing commensurate with service and quality of good. Ambience very nice. Thumbs up, cannot wait  to go back. This place has something for everyone: seafood, meat, vegetarian, applies, entrees, soups and flavors.  We were so pleased with this place. A gem, from our first experience. It is a great meld of Latin food, but also has many curries, fresh grilled items, etc. The list is magnificent.My husband and I flew in from San Francisco for a romantic weekend in New Orleans.  We found this restaurant on a website and decided to try it because of all the positive reviews.  
WHAT A MAJOR DISSAPOINTMENT!!!  We stood by the hostess station for the longest time and after we were seated, the wait staff totally ignored us.  After 15 minutes we couldn't take it anymore so we stood up and walked out.  
We will NEVER patronize this establishment again and I am actually Cuban.  What a DISSAPOINTMENT!!!Excellent lunch and dinner spot.  Food is very good.   Especially like the appetizers and the margaritas are always on saleWhat a great place. Service was great, especially Marcus Miller!  Gave us great recommendations for both the restaurant and things to do while in town. We were in town for 4 days and visited everyday! A must try is the guacamole trio--it will blow your mind if you let it. The menu is out-of-the-box thinking, and delicious! Also the variety of Mojitos is unbelievable.  Everyone in the restaurant was very friendly and hospitable. Can't wait to return!I don't understand some of these reviews, so maybe it was a bad night to come here. Food was good, however we waited a half hour for drinks, and hour for apps, and another hour for food. No apologies. Service was horrendous, and I felt awful for the table next to me hearing what was coming out of the waitresses mouth. The place is dirty, which you have time to notice because you sit and wait so long. I just couldn't get past the service from the second we walked in.Blue cheese guacamole. I need not say anymore! I have also LOVED their homemade tortilla chips. Fantastic! Service is great and professional. I have been here a couple of times and love it. It is on the smaller side. It is also dark and can be romantic. The food presentation is one of the best in the city, hands down. The flavors are there. Its a hidden gem that not many people know about. It is one of my favorite restaurants in the city.Fabulous food.  Eat and drink anything Roberto recommends!  The mojitos are the best.  All four of us were blown away by how tasty the food is.This place is delicious! We had guacamole and two curry dishes. There are a few vegan options on the menu which is nice. We really enjoyed all of our food and will be back! It's a little expensive but worth it for a special night out!Stumbled upon this gem when the restaurant we were heading to was closed. Everything was amazing and I left so full and with so much food to take home. We (two people) shared the yuca fritas and the mango guacamole for appetizers and I was so stuffed afterward I was only able to eat four bites of my lechon roasted pork before tapping out! They also give you a basket of tortilla strips with jalepeno mango sauce whicb basically tastes like duck sauce. The portions are humongous here which is great because it makes the price point worth it. My friend got the breakfast burrito which is massive and served as a wet burrito, so it is smothered in a delicious sauce. Our server, Juan, offered us some great suggestions and was lovely. Can't wait to go back!Delicious food and sangria, as well as great service. This was my first time and I will definitely be returning!Not exactly the best place for a steak, but I would say try anything there. Presentation in the food is on point, however was disappointed in the steak.Food was amazing, but what was even more amazing was the bartender Trinity. We came on St. Paddy's day and the place was so busy. He literally was doing 10 things at once, but still managed to do it with a smile on his face with a good sense of humor. I'd come back just to see him! #truth #TrinityWe had many people suggest Maya's, so we went for my birthday. We arrived early in the evening and were the first (and only for a while) table to be seated. While our server was polite, he was slow to refill our drinks, which usually doesn't bother me except we were the only ones in the place! We started with the mayan sampler with vegetable spring rolls, tempura shrimp, one soft-shell crab and some other items. It was pretty good, and the four different sauces were pretty tasty. For the meal I had an Ahi Tuna dish with vegetables. The veggies, especially the broccoli, were pretty good, but the tuna had no flavor. I would go back for the amazing sangria, very good, but that's about it. While it wasn't bad food, it wasn't worth the slightly pricier cost. Having said that, the place is almost ALWAYS packed later in the evening, so others obviously enjoy it.Extremely overpriced for the below average food.  Drinks are decent though.So so very expensive for what seemed like low quality ingredients and sugar glaze salsa.Went last Friday night and got a bunch of apps.  The portions are HUGE !  Everything was delish ! I am going to pickup lunch from there today. YUM !Expensive place, but  I felt the service/the decor wasn't quite top notch. Servers kept us waiting for almost an hour for food, which we didn't quite mind since we were in a group of friends and conversations flowed as they usually do. But we missed our show which wasn't good. We sympathized with our waiteress but whatever the people in the kitchen were doing , it wasn't working too efficiently. The food was decent, I liked my mahi mahi and paella valenciana and for desert the flan was terrific. Hence the three stars.The food was amazing. The Tuna Tartar, Monterrey Chicken, and Carnitas Pibil were outstanding. Very large portions perfect for sharing or guaranteed leftovers. Several other things on the menu sounded delicious. It was hard to choose! Can't wait to go back!Last month was my very first time visiting Nola (won't be my last)! What better place to celebrate twenty years of friendship with my two besties ~we met in culinary school! We came across Mayas while making our way through the garden district. I loved the atmosphere & we were immediately welcomed by Michael the bartender who proceeded to be not only gracious but very informative about the area & things to do. Mayas was the only place we went to twice ~although we only had drinks they were the best! I suggest the Bloody Mary! Already looking forward to going back & Mayas will be at the top of the list (dinner & drinks).. a special thank you to Michael for making us feel at home! #bestbartendereverFood was really good. A little on the expensive side. We sat outside with our dogs and we had to flag someone down after about 30 minutes to please come over to start ordering.My husband and I were on Magazine, in search of a great restaurant, for some reason most places were closed. We stumbled on Mayas... omg, it was delicious!!!! We talk about it all of the time, the best restaurant on Magazine St. We will be back!I went there tonight for the first time and it was beyond my expectations. I had to get a to-go box and later started watching a movie as I was eating some more of the left overs. It was still so good I had to pause the movie in order to let everybody know how wonderful this food is and how gracious and knowledgeable the staff is. I don't know where any of these bad reviews are coming from (?) but I can tell you this one is more than authentic and so is the food as well as the service. Thank you Mayas and everybody there, Doug DSo, to begin this review I would like to explain that not only do I love to dine out, but I have been cooking in various restaurants from New York to New Orleans for the past 7 years. Knowing the ins and outs of the business I am an avid foodie and a very patient diner, not easily swayed from enjoying my time in a restaurant. This is the first time I have ever walked out of a meal offended and dissatisfied all at once.
My family and I went in to Mayas on Cinco de mayo after a glorious day of jazz fast. The long wait time was expected for food, the place was very busy and obviously overwhelmed. We were all sipping sangrias and enjoying our time. One hour goes by, and no one said a word of complaint. Then they finally took our order. The poor attention from the service was beginning to get annoying as I realized I wasnt the only one sitting with two empty glasses in front of me, but everyone was. Parched from the days actvities a little water refreshment would probably have kept any stirrings of impatience at bay. Eventually I finally got up to find a waiter to refill everyone water, and simply acknowledge that the table still hadnt gotten any appetizers after being there for nearly an hour and a half at this point. Once the appetizers finally were brought we were sorely disappointed to have to now fight over the two plates with 6 chips stuck onto a plate of guacamole. Let's see 10 people...2 hours...12 chips. This wasn't working. 
The night progressed by them bring us the wrong tables entrees, the waitress literally yelling what was on the plate and pissed that no one was claiming it. I even tried to take it at this point because she seems so put off that it was wrong. Another 20 minutes and I decided it was time to talk to someone. I went towards the kitchen and asked the first server if he could tell me what was going on and he immediately threw his hands in my face and starting yelling at me. Taken aback by this incredulous act I asked him to find a manager for me to talk to someone more under control...he looked back at me and said I am the manager, I am the owner, and your talking to me. Then proceeded to blame my families tardiness for our whole terrible experience. He had us confused with a late 8-top sitting next to us. 
After the man refused to back down and my sister came to get me away he continued into the dining room screaming at both of us, not to mention she is 6 months pregnant. Obviously beyond redemption at this point we left the meal, slapped with the 18% gratuity and chased by an apologetic waitress. 
The whole experience was terrible, and I feel as though it all comes from the top. The wait staff seemed to know how wrong it was, but couldn't help but be insufficient in fixing anything. Dining out should make you feel satisfied, special, and happy. I didn't leave with anything but an empty stomach, my feelings hurt, and the first dinner we all had together in half a year completely ruined.Went to Mayas on a whim with a girlfriend today. OK, we planned to go to Juan's but there was a 30 minute wait so we went across the street to Mayas. There was no hostess or anyone at the front, we just sort of sat and called for someone to help us. It took a while to get drinks, milk for coffee, food... But the company was good and I was only slightly irritated by the wait. I had the Yuca Frita and the Tropical Tilapia - both were delicious, super fresh and great garnish. Yummy black beans and rice. My companion got the chicken Coconut Curry and loved it. The food was so good and our waiter was so friendly and apologetic that I hardly minded the wait (although I did get a little pissed when a table that sat after us got their food first).Our first contact with the wait staff was wonderful and exciting, unfortunately it all went down hill from there. The drinks came 20mins after we ordered. The food was pretty underwhelming and salty. Then the waiter did not know how to user the POS system and pro duced a bill that was at least $50 more than what it should have been. Needless to say, we got screwed. I don't think you should ever go there. It's not worth the hassle.This section of Magazine St. makes it a little hard to find parking, but it's worth the time spent. 
Best mojito selection in town...seriously. Pick a flavor and I'm sure they have it. The only thing is this place doesn't have a bar type setting to access he great mojitos. You'll have to go down the street to St. Joes for that, and you're limited to classic and blueberry flavors.
The point of the restaurant is reached. Nice small setting, not really meant for large groups, but I'm sure if you call ahead of time, a group experience can be arranged.
Our waitress was super cool, engaging, and kept us intrigued with the menu specials, so we ended up trying several things here...all awesome. 
We drank more than we ate...definitely. enjoyed bothToo bad I can't give negative stars.  I live in Manhattan and New Orleans and after many wonderful dining experiences in both cities, I would have a hard time picking a favorite but I can definitely say that my dining experience at Mayas was the worst of my life.  
We chose Mayas due to their Cinco de Mayo menu and in celebration of our Jazz Fest weekend.   After a great day of the festival, we combined two standing reservations at Mayas with friends we met up with to make a party of 10.  We thought it was 9 people, we were off my one - our mistake.  3 of us were there right on time, the remaining 7 of us arrived less than 10 minutes late after getting stuck in Jazz fest traffic on the way over.  The first diners wanted to order appetizers to have things waiting, they were told to wait for the whole party and that there weren't enough menus.  They added a chair to the end of the table and we apologized for miscounting. 
After ordering appetizers we waited about an hour for guacamole to show up and then at least another half an hour for the rest of the appetizers, which only came after we asked for chips to tide us over for food given we had been waiting over an hour and a half.  Or order was taken by an assistant waiter, who was the only person who seemed to care about our dining experience and felt bad that everything was taking so long.  The waitresses then came out with an order 20 minutes later or so (2 hrs in) and started screaming at the table "crab stack" which none of us had ordered, and she seemed very annoyed that none of us wanted to take the food.  It was for the wrong table.  
After waiting for another 20 minutes without our order arriving, my sister (who works in the food service industry as a chef), asked to speak with a manager about the delays.   The OWNER immediately started waving his finger in her face and saying "You added 2 people and you were 35 minutes late."  He had mixed us up with yet a 3rd table. I was walking to the bathroom and saw him standing there cursing out my sister and said - whoa what are you doing buddy, at which point he realized we were another party.  I said - we've been waiting for 2 hrs you should be apologizing - he said "ever been to Bayona's - it takes 2 hrs to eat there."  Actually - I have been there (Susan Spicer - amazing!) and the main difference is that you're actually *dining* for 2 hrs and enjoying yourself in a professional establishment.  When I pointed out that he Bayona's this was not he basically told us we weren't welcome and we could have our check.  
When the check arrived - it had a mandatory gratuity added for the worst service of my life.  We all left upset, our rare time together ruined, with empty stomachs and feeling threatened, insulted, and robbed.My friend and I always return back to this place for drinks - their fruit mojitos are fresh and they're perfect when Trinity makes them for us. The variety they have is really good based on seasonal fruit - if you order anything here, that's what you should get! The staff are so nice even though the two of us always just get the drinks and nothing else. One of the places I'll miss when I leave New Orleans in a few months!Tonight my friend and I went to Mayas for dinner since we had been wanting to check out this restaurant for awhile. We read such rave reviews and have friends who recommended this place to us. When we arrived the first thing both of us noticed was the really odd decor. It was Mayan tile paintings, red and gold faux finishing, funky wine themed wall art, geckos everywhere. My friend described it best by calling it "very early 90s Real World". It was weird and all over the place. The service was mediocre. Our server was nice, but didn't tell us anything about the menu, drinks, nothing. She basically took our order and ran off as though the place was slammed (there were two other two tops and another server). Also they were doing side work like polishing the silver wear in the dining room which was loud and distracting. I understand if there's no room in the servers station, but if you have to do it in the FOH than either sit at the bar and do it, or put a cloth napkin on a plate and set them down quietly, not toss them into the utensil bin. This may not bother other people, but it's a pet peeve of mine.
Our appetizers were good. We got the camarones con coco empanizados which were tasty, although the tempura tasty a little funky and my friend didn't like the pina colada sauce that came with it, although I thought it was fantastic. We also ordered the roasted red pepper and sundried tomato guacamole which again was tasty, but there needed to be more tortilla chips to accompany such a larger portion of guac.
Both of entrees were satisfying. My friend ordered the moqueca with scallops and both he and I agreed that it had lots of flavor and the scallops were cooked well. It's an excellent dish to dip the french bread that came with it in. I originally ordered the lechon roasted pork, but they had sold the last one of the night right beforehand. I instead got the Cuban skirt steak. I loved the rice and beans it was served on, and the side of plantains was excellent. The skirt steak itself was a little salty and reminded me of ground hamburger meat. Don't get me wrong, it was good, just not amazing.
Service was pretty slow in terms of clearing our table of our app and dinner plates and we were never asked if we wanted to look at dessert or get a cup of coffee so we didn't even though I was really craving something sweet, I had lost interest in staying in this restaurant any longer than I had to. That's really saying something from me since I almost always order dessert. Also I think the staff was anxious to start closing down the restaurant even though they were still going to be open for another hour. When the bill was presented to us the server had forgotten to take off the lechon pork which was no biggie, but coming from one server to another you should look at the bill before giving it to your guests.
Overall I don't have plans to eat here again. I left satisfied by the food, but let down by the atmosphere and service.Terrible management, terrible kitchen-- I've been going to Maya's since it first opened and have always loved the food and the drinks (mojitos are always good) but tonight was terrible. We came in as a party of four on a Saturday night at 8 pm. It was crowded, but nothing new for these guys. Our apps ended up taking almost an hour to come out and our entrees took over 2 hours to arrive since our seating. Our waitress, apologetic enough, brought out a small serving of chips and a single serving of sweet chili sauce for dipping to sustain us in return for the long wait. When I suggested that since we were ordering twice as many drinks than we would have without the wait that it would be nice if she comped one round she said she would. Our food finally came out and the seafood paella that I had ordered was in fact a pile of fried, unseasoned rice with clams and mussels full of grit and shrimp improperly pealed. I was too tired (it was 10:15 by this point) to send it back. Then when she brought our bill she told us hat she gave us the "military discount" of 15% off our bill for the inconvenience, but when I looked at it, it wasn't even enough to offset the 9.5% tax, so I figured that this "discount" was really just 15% off the food bill and not the four drinks per person we racked up. The manager never came out to apologize. In the end, poor management, poor kitchen and I'm sad to say that I won't be patronizing Maya's anytime soon. It's really too bad...I used to love this place.Worst inexcusable service!  Local here....had attempted dinner here years ago and due to a long wait and rude hostess, we never returned...until recently. First, they were NOT crowded...maybe 6 or 7 tables tops. We waited THIRTY MINUTES on very simple cocktails. You know something is wrong when you have to grab another waiter (since yours has disappeared into thin air) to ask, "Where are our drinks?"  To which he replies, "Oh, sorry. We're really busy and the bartender is backed up." Backed up? We could've walked across the street to Juan's and ordered margaritas to go and had them in less than 5 mins. Here's the absolute worst part. When the drinks finally arrived they smelled like a wet dog, which means the glasses were dirty. Gag. We decided to finish our appetizer of guacamole and bail, but needed more chips (they give you 4 large chips..yes, you read that correctly...FOUR chips). We asked for more chips and the bill. They had the absolute nerve to charge for extra chips?!?!?!  I don't care how good the food is, I will never return.We had a delicious meal at Mayas last night.  Devon, our server, was a delight.  She knew the menu and was very attentive.  We split the Pampas salad--very generous portion easy to share==wonderful with asparagus, grilled steak, cheese.  The seafood moqueca was exquisite, as was the ropa vieja.  Good wine list too.  Hoping this great innovative Latin restaurant is not discovered too soon.  We will be back.Wow. I leave a lot of new orleans restaurants saying "wow," but this is the only time it means "Wow, don't ever go here." This place is horrible. The service was absolutely terrible. I can't say much about the food because we left after the appetizers. The only food we got was the appetizer guac which was no better than grocery store plastic bag squeezie guac. We waited about an hour for that guac, then spent the next hour wondering where the hell our food was while sipping on disgusting syrup-ridden sangria. But still, we're just chillin and visiting and having a good time. When we asked about how much longer our food was gonna take, our waitress looked at our empty plates with browned guacamole scraps on it and said "Well, obviously you've had something to eat. Do you mean you're waiting for your entree?" We got up and left at this point shrugging it off, slightly offended, and got a check with a 20% gratuity included! I've never seen anything like it and hopefully won't ever see it again around this town. Go to Juan's across the street and get the jerked nachos. Great place. Great service. Good attitude.Closed down. We made reservations for today, Friday, May 11 at 7 pm. They are not open for business on a Friday night.A sort of latin fusion place, Mayas is a cozy little restaurant that is great for couples or smaller parties. The building is quite nice, small but not crowded and loud enough to sound lively without being too loud even when full to keep you from enjoying a conversation. The size of the place makes it suited more to couples and smaller parties, maybe no more than five. 
There is a gorgeous hardwood bar with a wide selection of drinks available including a few central American beers that you don't commonly see in a lot of restaurants. The lighting is subtle without being dark, dim enough to show off the candles on tabletops without making it hard to read the menu.
Service was friendly without being intrusive. We were seated right away and had our drinks in short order. Sangria was on special at 6 dollars a glass and was quite good. I ended up getting the ropa vieja which came served over seasoned rice with fried plantains on the side. Highly, highly recommended. 
Pricewise this is more of a special occasion for a tightwad like myself but I highly recommend it for anyone in need of a lovely dinner spot.So good!  The salsa is amazing.  I had the Chilean Sea Bass which was unbelievable!  I would definitely return, and I've heard their brunch is excellent as well.  Oh, and best Sangria I've had in New Orleans for sure!The food was really quite good and the atmosphere was also great.  But it was overpriced.  $18 for the guacamole sampler?  And it was so very good, but again, $18?  I would love to come back, but there are so many better places to go in the area for the same price tag but with truly extraordinary food (Coquette to mention one).The crab stack appetizer for Sunday brunch was more than a meal. This place is best kept secret on Magazine Street. The fusion of flavors in the crab, avocado, mango stack were incredible. Sat at the bar. Fernando makes a great from scratch mojito. 
Brunch and a cocktail for $15 was a steal!!!Looking back at my decision to make reservations to this place I wish I didn't. 
 I had been before at lunch time a year ago and thought it would be a great place for dinner. 
Luckily the wait was not long but the service started off to a bad start. We didn't get menus for dinner until 20 minutes of sitting down. They didn't have the bottle of wine that my girlfriend and I ordered. The waitress did give us a complimentary wine to substitute our choice at the same price. The appetizer was good but the entree had no distinguish taste. I was expecting great taste for the price we paid. The food came out quick which was good bc we were both hungry. The setting was very loud and crowded. I think the wait staff should be train better. I recommend baru down the street a better place to try.ordered a skirt steak that didn't look like a skirt steak...more like a patti. the chef got upset  and defensive when we asked him why it looks like a patty. anyways never going backHad a wonderful time at Maya's. 
Service was great, the margarita was strong and the ropa vieja (brisket dish) is great!We chose this spot because they had a couple of nice vegetarian options to accommodate one in our party, as well as the steaks and fish for the rest of us. Also, I had a good meal here a couple years ago so we felt pretty confident it would be a nice evening. Couldn't have been more wrong. Everything about our experience was negative, and not in the way where you get the impression that the restaurant was just having an off night. It wasn't busy, yet we waited to be greeted, waited for menus, waited to order. They were out of two of the four vegetarian (non-salad) options on the menu, with no substitutions. This left our vegetarian with few choices. The food ordered came out unevenly, with some entrees arriving before others even received an appetizer. The soft shell crab was bad- as in inedible, fishy, old. The waiter didn't seem to care. The lomo y mar was over-cooked, over sauced and unappetizing. There were overcharges on the bill and when attention was drawn to it, met with indifference. We requested to speak to a manager, but the request was denied as he was "busy in the kitchen." Doing what? There were no other patrons by that time. This really made me mad. We demanded that the crab be removed from the bill as it was truly inedible. The waiter complied after a (private) consultation with management, but acted as if the restaurant was doing us a huge favor. We won't be back, ever. This business is about more than just food. Accidents happen but good service and customer care is always within the establishment's control. Maya's did not earn a second chance.They botched our 6 person reservation; we waited over an hour and they didn't even apologize. Took me 20 minutes to even get a water at the bar. We never got seated and eventually left. Horrible service.We went in to get out of the flooding rain during Jazz Festival week. Didn't expect much, the space was very small and charming. We ordered drinks to pass the time, however, ended up getting the surprise of our lives! While waiting for what seemed like a very long time for the food we ended up ordering, I got THE BEST GUMBO I HAVE EVER HAD!!! You must must must try it. It was obviously made super fresh and was the. Eat surprise ever!!!!Appetizers were good. I was a little disappointed with the black beans.
Very blend . Nice ambianceOMG. Fabulous. Was here on St Patty's day at noon and got seated right away. Guacamole and chips - awesome and also the seafood tostones. Drinks were on special and full strength and delicious. Staff were attentive, gave great advice and very friendly. Highly recommend this place!Would give it 5 stars because it is one of the best latin restaurants in the city, but the service is terrible. I have been here at least 10 times and the food never disappoints, but i wish i could say the same about the service. The waiters never seem to know anything about the items on the menu, or the wine list. One time we had to open our own bottle of wine. They also need to update their website, as well as their hours of operation. Love the food, but terrible service.Absolutely my favorite restaurant in town.  Freshest mojitos ever.  And you really  cant beat  their lunch special.The caipirinhas were delicious but the food was bland and didn't have much flavor. It was overly salty       We had an appetizer of crab cake and that was good. The owners were very friendly. Might be worth a second try as it seemed they were going though some changes.Ordered the phenomenal margarita. They were out of patron. Ordered the house margarita. They were out of the house margarita. Chips and salsa were provided free, but the salsa is an Asian sweet and sour sauce. Mayas guacamole was decent. Service was also good.I was not looking forward to going here as it seemed a bit fru-fru, but Mayas brought it.  I went there with a group of about 14 and the service was pretty good.  I only had one dish: the Chilean Sea Bass.  
In a city like this nearly every restaurant does this dish, but few do it this well.  In fact, no one does.  The presentation was delecate and the fish tender.  It was prepared with sauteed crab meat, shrimp and rice.  In short, it was the best I've ever had.  I will definately return.Wow! The service is great! The salsa is to die for! You won't get any better salsa at any Latin American restaurant in the city! I had the breakfast burrito and it was made to perfection along with the house sangria. The young lady and gentleman, Tyler taking care of me were very kind and explained everything. She was a patient individual. Tyler was great with recommendations and checking up on me. You can definitely tell it was a teamwork effort and I admire that. The ambience sets the mood of the restaurant. I will definitely be coming back! TheI wanted to give Maya's a good review. Really, I did. I had even been there before and liked it.
I went to Sunday brunch with my family a few weeks ago.  We came over after church and were ready to eat.  The experience itself was good. Our food was tasty and it got to use hot and quickly.  
But, four of the seven of us ate guacamole as an appetizer.  I hope that implies what was to come.  If not, let me clarify.  24 hours later, all four of us were very busy throwing up.  As we lay there miserably on couches in my parents' man cave, watching Law & Order: SVU and attempting to sip ginger ale and Gatorade, we began to think - what did we all eat that would have made us this excessively sick?
Our conclusion? The guacamole the four of us had all eaten as an appetizer. 
So what should we all learn from my experience? If you want to throw up in public and then miss two days of work, go to Maya's and order some guacamole.  Don't say I didn't warn you.great food, sat outside on a beautiful day.  The food was very fresh and delicious and the wait staff was great.  Only complaint was the restaurant smelled of strong perfume like carpet fresh that is why we sat outside which was a great decision.This place is overpriced and overrated. Service was absolutely terrible. I waited for an outside table that was dirty and then ended up cleaning it myself.  Waitress was so slow that I ended up getting my own drinks from the bar after they were sitting there for 10 minutes.  
Food was bland. They put the same sauce on everything that we ordered. Similar to Chinese Sweet and Sour sauce but with a little spice. We ordered the Ceviche, Yuca Fries and the Tomales. I would avoid this place...really nothing special about it.If you dined at Mayas during the Jazz Fest weekends - as I did - you undoubtedly waited longer than you should have and experienced marginal or subpar service.  I'm not sure it's too much better on a normal day but during Jazz Fest certainly you have to expect huge crowds around town.  In terms of the food, however, we had an excellent "small" plate meal of multiple appetizers which were huge portions and a pretty good value (despite the tiny number of chips that were provided with the seafood dishes).  The Tamal Criollo was fantastic and only $6, while the special watermelon and goat cheese salad was truly spectacular.  On the slightly larger side, the tuna tartare and seafood tostones were also really good - everything we ate had a nice amount of spice, great sauces, and were executed very well by a kitchen which appears truly talented.
Drinks were good and for the price I would go for the huge margarita next time over the smaller but just as expensive mojito.  It does seem management is a bit frenetic (when we walked in we were told it would be 1.5 hours before a table was available at which point we walked outside, checked Open Table on my phone, and made a reservation for 15 minutes later - then were seated immediately at an open two top) and there appeared to be a bit of tension between servers and management but based on the food I definitely plan to return.We were really hungry and my friend recommended we try this place. It was fantastic! First, the drinks we ordered were so delicious. My husband had the caprihinia which was very authentic. I had a custom spicy pineapple margarita that the bartender whipped up for me and it was so delicious. The servers were absolutely darling and so attentive. The food was so good - expect leftovers!Went to dinner here a couple of weeks ago. Not sure I'll be running back, and here's why:
We ordered the guacamole, which is only offered on the lunch menu. While it's delicious, the giant triangles of chips don't mesh with the tiny amount offered on the plate. A party of hearty eaters need an appetizer each to feel at ease. 
The dinner menu offers too many items that are hidden in a curry sauce. The salmon special I ordered that evening had 3 tiny chunks of fish. I've gotten more served to me as an order of nigiri at a sushi bar. And, it wasn't $25.00. It was to be served over a bed of rice, and the kitchen forgot. That's fine, but it highlighted what may be the case in most of these dishes: it hides the fact there's not much meat/fish on the plate. If I order fish, I want fish. The sauce was nice, but again, it was an expensive plate of sauce. 
I passed on dessert, because they're not very interesting to me. 
Our server was very efficient, although she looked as if she knew the entree was missing from my dish. 
What I had tasted fine, but these inconsistencies really detract from what could be a gem in a neighborhood with limited dining options.A friend of mind told me about Mayas. And he never disappoints me. 
It was a beautiful day so I decided to sit outside.
I looked at the menu and decided on the 3 course lunch. For openers, I had the black bean soup. My first spoonful exploded with flavors which reminded me of my childhood back in NYC and my mothers cooking. 
The second course was the lechón asado on top of white rice and black beans. The lechón was cooked to perfection and again, bursting with flavors which reminded me of the holidays. 
Third was the desert, tres leches. WOW!
 My waiter, Matt, was very attentive, courteous and had a big smile when I told him I loved the food.
I can't wait to tell my friends!I've only been twice, but so pleased each time.  The lunch, dinner and brunch menus vary drastically, but each have such good options, its hard to order to order just one thing!  Mayas is perfect for sharing and sampling  among your table!  Try the Mayas sampler!
The Sunday brunch menu rocks!  They have breakfast items (egg quesadilla) and lunch items (guacamole app), offering a pleasant diversion from your typical eggs, meat, mimosas, jazz, etc brunch.  
I will say there was one night during the week we came in and they had a specialty menu, everything contained meat, so I'd suggest calling ahead on weeknights if you dont enjoy eating innocent animals.
The service is fast, professional, but so friendly and the prices are ideal for the quality and quantity of food, and their phenomenal margaritas..... PHENOMENAL!  Seriously, so good and pack a quite the punch!
I look forward to returning to Mayas for another Sunday brunch!I have been here three times.  Tonight I decided never to return.  There was a "special" Cinco de Mayo menu.  The Chile Verde was more fat than meat.  I was asked how I liked it...on both occasions I complained of how fatty it was.  I showed the waiter the piles of fat on my husband's plate and mine.  He blew it off...so did the second attendandant.  I wasn't  served water, though others were.  I wasnt offered any comp for the poor meal.  My husband's coke was not refilled.  I was so disappointed because I had been waiting to return here.The crab cake was incredible. The sea bass has changed my life for the better. I want to relive my meal over and over!!! They were way too quiet on a Saturday night considering the fantastic quality of food.I stumbled on this place and tried the daily special Crawfish Empanadas. They were delicious with amazing presentation and rich spicy flavor; a nice blend of the south and the "south"!Mayas was delicious!!! I ordered the Cuban sandwich with the house side salad. The sandwich was pressed to perfection and the meat had so much flavor. The house salad was equally as delicious!I finally made it out to this place. I had walked/biked/driven by it a hundred times and always felt that it was just a weird place, and finally decided to hit it up with a friend for brunch when we were strolling down Magazine.
And it was great! Pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere. Nice decoration with pleasant feel to the room. Service was relatively prompt and the waitress was friendly as if we were in a diner.
The food was also good, there wasn't too much experimentation or weird dishes, just simple breakfast dishes like sausage with rice and eggs or breakfast burritos. I would definitely hit this place up again.An all-around interesting experience, to say the least.
My girlfriend and I were greeted by one of the waiters, who told us to choose a table.  Maybe a minute later our server, Gena K, came over and asked "what are you thinking?".  We told her we needed a few minutes.  She came back maybe 45 seconds later and asked again "what are you thinking, for dinner?".  We told her again that we weren't ready.  She said "Okay, I'll be over here" and was started staring off into space.  This was a little odd, maybe even a little off-putting, but not a huge deal.
A few minutes later we place our order, which was:
1) Soft shell crab appetizer
2) Crab Avocado Salad
3) Crab, Shrimp, Avocado, and Mango Stack
Gena leaves and comes back a few minutes later to confirm the order saying:
1) Soft Shell Crab
2) Mango Avocado Salad
3) Crab, Shrimp, Avocado, and Mango Stack
I correct her, she repeats the order incorrectly.  I correct her AGAIN, and she walks off before confirming.  Oh well, we figure she's got it at this point.
After a perfectly fine 5-10 minute wait our first set of plates arrive:
1) Soft shell crab appetizer
2) Mango Avocado salad.
The second plate clearly wasn't what we ordered, and I was vexed, but eventually I figured I'd just let it go and enjoy the dish.  Fuck it, I love Avocado.
So we start eating our appetizers and quickly realize there is no Avocado OR Crab in the salad.  It's just  Mango, Diced Onions/Tomato, Baby Spinach, Green Onions and some dressing.  So before they take our plates away our girlfriend asks some of the servers what dish we were served.  Nobody knows.  3 waiters come by, none of them know the menu.  One says, very uncertainly, "Crab Avocado Salad?".  My girlfriend points out to them that there was no Avocado and no crab anywhere in the dish....So they all disappear and we figure they've gone to ask the kitchen and return with an answer.  That never happens.  Clearly none of them gave a shit.
It's worth noting that there was no hostess and no manager for the front of the house, which may not always be the case, but for whatever reason the service was dreadful.
There was one exception.  The bus-boy was really nice and attentive.  He should be promoted.
The food was decent, but the service was so godawful that it completely ruined the experience, which is really unfortunate because there aren't enough places for Latin food in the city.Michael was a true delight. Even though we heard that he had stayed for 20 minutes past the end of his shift, he was gracious, personable, and helpful! He made our time in Mays's incredibly fun!Loved the freshness and variety of the food. The entree portions are quite large and vey shareable. Service is great - our server Victoria was very helpful and accommodating. We will definitely return as there were a number of dishes we would like to have tried but after a huge bowl of curry we simply could not eat any more!We went there for dinner on Christmas day. We waited for about 25 minutes before getting our drinks. We ordered a few appetizers to share as we were not too hungry. Our waitress apologized and said that it had been a busy day and that the kitchen was way behind, meaning that she didn't know when the food would arrive. We were not in a hurry so didn't worry. Then we noticed many tables had not had their food yet. And the waiting started... The staff was very sorry and felt uncomfortable but apparently when they were checking about the food, the chef was yelling at them. Some customers left before getting their food. After AN HOUR AND A HALF we finally got our appetizers. A couple seated next to us, waited for 2 hours to get their food! At no point did the manager stepped in to speak to customers/ apologize. The staff was nice but helpless. We arrived at 9.30pm, left the restaurant a few minutes before midnight with just appetizers as a dinner!I can't wait for my next trip to New Orleans to visit my newest favorite restaurant!
Warm, inviting, wit h real ambiance! Courtney, our waitress was so engaging, interactive and informative, she really added to the evening. Catch her on weekends at this point. But the food was so well presented and flavorful..FINALLY, food with FLAVOR that tastes like it came from your own kitchen..but with FLAIR!
I can't thank my dear friend Cecilia for sharing this gem with me! Living in New Orleans and enjoying our many restaurants, how did this one escape me?I've only eaten here twice, but both times were fantastic. I've tried the spring rolls, the avocado mango salad, and the verduras which were all good.We went here at a weird time on a Saturday, in between the brunch/lunch and dinner time. The drinks (I had a house margarita and my husband had a blackberry mojito) were fantastic. The food was delicious. I had the brisket dish, he had the skirt steak. While my food was very good, his skirt steak was amazing. I loved the fried plantains that came with our meals. We ordered dessert, strawberry filled churros with dulce de leche ice cream and it was phenomenal. We can't wait to go back.Everything in this establishment was just a little off. My coconut mojito was probably the highlight and it took nearly 30min to find me. Had we been able to leave unscathed, we may have just found the food wanting, but the food was only a small part of our protracted visit. We wrote out our credit card split to make it as clear as possible. What followed could only be described as Kafkaesque, as the amount owed continued to increase after we had paid. I would wait unti this space is taken over by some more professional folks, things are too sketchy now. My only regret of our trip was not crossing the street and going to Flying Burrito.Went there for lunch around Mardi Gras. Food was fabulous!!! Service was great!! Reasonable prices.2nd best brunch I've had in New Orleans mi gente!!!! 
I am always on the lookout for some good latin food and I am so happy I found this place!
Dishes: delicious good plantains, incredible melts in your mouth roasted lechon and flavorful carne asada! More on the romantic vibe, but still you can go with family and friends (as I saw in other tables).
Service was fast and polite and portions are big so come hungry! 
I am definitely coming back, eso seguro!Seriously great food. Seriously. As a serial lone diner I know no server is happy to see me. Still, the server was friendly, attentive, timely, and informative. 
The ceviche was great for more of a salsa style ceviche (chopped up shrimp, fish, and scallops with a high veggie to protein ratio. I'm always a fan of whole shrimp and scallops), but very, very tasty, not overly citrusy.
The Lomo y Mar was fantastic. And I hate well done beef. And potatoes. The bleu cheese and pepper sauces were out-of-this-world good. I even finished the potatoes the next day cold from a to-go box.
I was headed to Juan's but didn't feel like dealing with the noise and crowd. Maya's has always come well recommended. It will now be a go-to place for me.We came 40 minutes before close very hungry after a disappointing event. They seated and served us kindly and we did what we could not to dilly dally too much. We had the tamal topped with the mushrooms instead of the pork and the fried yuca. The tamal had a very nice spicy tangy sauce and the yuca was perfectly prepared with lots of fresh pico and lime. They also have like 8 choices of guacamole, and we opted to try one (roasted pepper) even though it was $8. What came out was a very generous portion of very fresh tasty guac. All in all, those three items were plenty for two people and even with $8 guac our totally bill was less than $25 so the quality for price in the end I would say was pretty good. Interior is very pretty with draped fabric wall coverings and cloth napkins/ tablecloths. Also open late which was nice. High recommend.Love love their food! Never had bad service either. 
Don't get a craving though, they might be closed! 
I pass by on my way home, I usually had to resist the urge to stop, lately they've just not been open when I have wanted to stop. 
I guess kind of one of those "sorry not sorry" situations, it was probably best I not stop anyway! ‍
But I still really wanted to and they weren't open when it was posted that they would be. That's the whole point.
In fairness until their recent random change in operating hours I'd never had a sub par experience.Food was great, service was great. Presentation of each dish we ordered was spectacular. The only negative was the unpleasant aroma of sewage while we ate outside. For this one reason, I deduct a star.Made a reservation.  Got to the restaurant and it was closed. Surprised that open table allowed the reservation to be madei'm a big fan of mayas. i love latin american cuisine and they blend it very well with the southern influence. 
i had squirrel empanadas which were a bit doughy but the squirrel was really good. their guacamole was very fresh and made to order.  we mauled it. i HIGHLY recommend the tamal criollo.  i would have ordered two they were so good.  my girl got the scallops hawaiian and it was a bit spicy for her.  i tasted it and it was amazing, but a bit on the picante side. my mom got the seafood croquettes that were perfectly cooked.
i will come back to mayas again and again.This place is excellent. Really inventive menu is fresh and delicious. Service is excellent. I'm generally highly critical of New Orleans places-- you gotta be good here. These guys are. I'm docking a star for price (high) and cleanliness (I was handed a nasty menu).Tonight a spur of the moment dinner date.  We ended up at a Mayas.  Initial thoughts... interesting decor and good vibe.  The small table for two had way too much extra "stuff" on it.  Such as an empty bottle... empty.  Our table had hardly any lighting even after our candle was light.  I had to hold the menu away from the table to read it.  To start we decided to share the mango avocado salad.  You could taste the sweetness from the mango with a hit nice hint of heat.  Very tasty.  Good choice.  Then we split the Valencia paella.  Growing up eating fresh seafood I was taught that seafood should never taste fishy.  Something in it gave the dish a fishy note.  None of the clams were open.  The 2 mussels although were open, had no meat in them.  Felt a little ripped off.  The squid was cooked to perfection.  Chorizo was cut into tiny pieces.  Actually, more like shredded.  Very odd.  The most disappointing part was it had no real flavor except the seafood.  Essentially, not impressed.  Good thing we decided to split the dish.  The saving grace was the craraft of sangria.  Best sangria I've had in NOLA in ages.  There's a review on here that said "prepared to not be rushed."  HA!  We must have had a different person waiting on us.  The place was only 1/4 full.  You would have thought there was a line out door by how we were RUSHED. 
To recap: order the mango avocado salad and drink LOTS of sangria!Updating my review after a lovely father's day meal...
I was expecting their standard brunch menu (which is good) but instead we were treated to a really extensive father's day menu (the same one they also used for mother's day).  We ordered the sampler appetizer tray for the table and it was quickly gobbled up: veggie eggrolls, yucca, softshell crab, shrimp, chicken croquets, and plantains.  It was definitely the way to go for our group of 5.
My parents split paella valencia  for 2 and proclaimed it delicious. The variety of seafood was really amazing and my Mom was impressed that the chicken wasn't the primary protein.  One brother ordered the breakfast burrito (which was huge) and the other brother ordered ropa viejas which he loved.  I had the scrambled eggs with seafood which was tasty but probably a little safe. I wish I had gotten something a bit more exotic.
We split a flan and a tres leches cake for dessert which were both excellent.  Round that out with some tasty sangria.  And it was a good day.Love this place. Outstanding and FRESHLY prepared food daily!
Mojito's are the best in New Orleans. 
At Maya's ......just show up and prepare to not be rushed into any part of your meal.....relax and enjoy the always delicious fruit inspired cocktails!!!Located across from Juan's Flying Burrito, this place is on one of the funkier parts of Magazine Street in the Lower Garden District.  I was pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere and decor, which was rather classically elegant.
It was a business lunch, so we didn't get to try the cocktails, so I look forward to checking it out on a future visit.  They do have a reputation for their mojitos.
We shared a mix of appetizers which were delicious.  Salads, guacamole, plantains, croquetas, and yucca were all very well done with a good accompaniment of sauces (mango salsa, sour cream, etc)
So this is sort of a preliminary review, a single field test of a friend's strong recommendation, but I will definitely be back for more.Was served old wine. Also, $13 for a margarita that wasn't top shelf and was made using sweet and sour mix. Can't comment on the food, couldn't make it past the drinks.I took my mom to a Mother's Day Eve early dinner/late lunch. I wasn't sure what to expect when I walked in; the atmosphere was nice enough but I was worried about the prices when I saw the nice table settings and white table cloths....I'm so glad I was wrong!  True, it was the the brunch menu (I understand the dinner menu IS the pricy one) but that's the time to go...
We ordered croquettas for an appetizer. OMG! So good, perfectly cooked and accompanied by a delightful mango/spicy sauce to dip in.  There are 4 chicken croquettes in the order.  We ordered the margarita and it was so good and strong! I can't believe it was only $5 too.
For my entree, I had the Lechon Asado (Roasted Pork) with black beans, jasmine rice and 2 slices of ripe plaintains, all topped with a pico de gallo-like topping.  It was seasoned well, tangy with a great Latin flavor throughout. At first, I was questioning the jasmine rice but it ended up being a great compliment to the black beans and pork. I wish there would be more plaintains with the order.
My mom had the ropa vieja, which is a shredded beef brisket. It was covered with a red sauce that was a bit sweet for my taste, but it was good. My mom liked it but she said she liked my lechon better.
All in all, I was very pleased with the food and the prices for brunch aren't bad at all. My entree was $13 and my mom's was about the same; I paid $60 total with tip for 2 entrees, an appetizer, 2 iced teas and a margarita.
I will be returning, I heard their mango margaritas and breakfasts are great!
The music playing in the background was nice, but it needs to stay on--it would cut off and it would be silent for a while.Very cool atmosphere. - waiters were nice, I got the tropical fish it was very good and the person with me got the curry chicken, and if you like coconut it will be the dish of your dreams. HAVE TO GET THE PLANTAINS!!!!! No sugar but amazing roasted perfectly over all I would give this place a 4, I would have given it a 5, but my fish in the tropical fish was a little to sweet. You should really try this place.Cute place, hit or miss food. Thursday night has happy hour all night, with $4 sangria and margaritas. I ordered the Nacatamal (tamale) and the Carnita Chicharron appetizers. Both of them were pretty big portions, I think either one could have been an entree. The Carnita Chicharron was delicious and came with a flavorful sauce. The Nacatamal, however, was a beige lump of flavorless chunky baby food. It was terrible, please don't waste your money on the Nacatamal. Everyone else I was with was happy with their orders, so overall I would still recommend Maya.Happened on this elegant Mayan place while strolling hip Magazine st. Great menu - about 10 varieties of guacamole.  We had 2 different tamales and some yuca frita as well. All good. Really sweet people too. Highly recommended.THE FOOD HERE IS DELICIOUS!!!! Victoria was the BEST server!!! Very attentive and knowledge waitress. The drinks are also very delicious and refreshing. I tell everyone about it and brag about their delicious menu. Top of the line Caribbean/Latin America dishes with a very delicious homemade touch. The music, the atmosphere and cozy environment makes it for a perfect dine in experience.We had the skirt steak and the seafood moqueca.  Both were outstanding, fresh and delicious tasting.  Great service, good ambiance.  Oh, and the mojitos are superb too.  Will be back soon!Maya's is cool. 
It has a Latino/Cuban atmosphere.
Good food, good drinks ;), service, and overall dining experience. 
We've been there a few times and have taken large groups there. 
It's always a winner! 
The owner, Trinity, hosted and even served us a few times when it first opened.  Very nice guy, very hospitable.
My favorite dish there is the paella. 
Also really like the plaintains, coconut curry shrimp and chilean sea bass.
Enjoy!Bad Attitude and below average food at best!! Plus Misrepresenting food as organic. Not recommended !Just had a great lunch at the bar. Fish tacos were probably the best I've ever had and the sangria was delicious. The prices were reasonable, the ambiance was relaxing, and our bartender, Michael, was friendly and entertaining. I only wish there was a Maya' s in my neighborhood.We visited this restaurant while in New Orleans and I wish I could give it 6 stars!  The skirt steak and scallops were amazing and the flavor was so unique.  The sangria was a great complimentMY NEW FAVORITE! 
The seafood guacamole is life changing. So so fresh and delicious. Also, the crab shrimp and avocado stack is a MUST. Such a neat little place, and super great food.  Totally worth trying!We try and eat here once a week. Seriously awesome and fresh food. Mango, avocado crab stack maybe the best appetizer in the city.I pass this place up all the time and have never actually stopped in to eat. Since it was a nice beautiful day outside, my coworker and I decided to stop here and sit outside for their $13 - 3 course lunch meal. Although, we didn't end up getting the course, we both decided to go with sandwiches. And they were DELICIOUS!!! 
I had a really delicious chicken sandwhich while she had some Mexican sandwich. 
I'll definitely be back!!I get it. And it's amazing. This is a pan-Latin American restaurant whose strengths are not in the old standards but in the underdone and underused ingredients that are featured on their menu. The first standouts that spring to mind are the plantain and yuca appetizers. I could (and have) make a meal of just several orders of each. The yuca is perfectly fried and topped with a stellar mango salsa that is equal parts sweet and spicy. I will never say no to this appetizer. Their Jamaican tostones are stunning, too. Every time I've been in for brunch, these sell out first. (On Easter, we missed a plate by about 5 minutes. Boo!) Make sure to start with one of these nibbles. 
The entrees are a mix of what people expect at Latin American (or ugh "Mexican") restaurants and actual Latin American food. There are burritos, enchiladas, and tacos that have been remixed a little bit, mostly added seafood. For the more adventurous eater, Mayas has fish and seafood dishes that are more in the spirit of Latin American food. (Geography lesson: Latin America features many countries with lots of coastlines and many islands. Coastlines means ocean food. Yum.) One of my dining companions was wowed by the tropical fish because it was a balanced dish: rice, beans, fish, fruit. And none of this "refried beans mush" crap. The kitchen features black beans, cooked properly. The coconut bread took another friend back to her childhood in Trinidad. I think these are all positive signs that the kitchen is doing something interesting and clever. Even better, they're doing this interesting and clever stuff well. 
I'm also fond of the $5 brunch/lunch drink menu, but the people I end up drunk dialing may not be so fond of this. Still, a hefty pour of sangria cannot go wrong. 
The flaw here is that the restaurant is small, long, and narrow. Loitering at the bar is impossible because servers need to zip through. There are seats available, though. 
Accessibility notes: no Braille menu or signage. Bathrooms are too small for accessibility devices. Can get loud at peak hours. High bar.Great food. Top notch service. I loved the Caribbean Fish with yellow curry. Grilled or breaded it's outstanding!Being able to sit outside - gets bonus points. 
Service - professional and friendly.
Food - fresh, So tasty and the presentation is beautiful.
I literally wanted to lick my plate.
I would like to get a job there and eat all the left overs.The sangria is fantastic. I highly recommend ordering a pitcher. I can't remember if they do a white sangria; we only had the red.
This is one of my top five favorite places to eat in NOLA; I've never had a bad meal here. When I have friends in town we often buy half the appetizer menu, get some sangria and mojitos, and then head out to downtown for the night. 
I went in today with a close friend. We split the fried sweet plantains, which I can't go to Maya's without getting. We also split the mango and avacado spinach salad, which balanced out the sweet with a tangy dressing, and the Carribbean fish. Any fish dish at Maya's is great. The light mango salsa and black beans and rice perfectly set off a really tender tilapia. 
My only complaint was the music; it kept turning on and off and changing, which drove me a bit insane. Also, we never got the little basket of chips and mango salsa! It's my favorite, so I missed it. But we had so much food we probably didn't need it.Alright,  I know I shouldn't give five stars out like candy, but this place definitely deserves one despite being a bit out of my price range. 
I came here with my companion and were cheerfully greeted by our waiter, Marcus. He had so much energy, knowledge and personality. We did want drinks, and he knew it before we even said anything. He recommended the "phenomenal margarita" (which was pretty good). 
Next, we had the trio guacamole -- one with crab, another with pineapple and the last with bleu cheese. They were all amazing, especially the bleu cheese one. Our chips were also served in a wine glass, so presentation was excellent. 
For the main course, my companion had the special (I don't remember what it was, but it had crispy red fish in it) and I had the Brazillian moqueca with mahi mahi, which was served with a yellow curry. And by the way, it's just as good the day after. We were both very pleased with the food, the atmosphere... it was just great. A perfect place to go to celebrate, really. I'm definitely going back.Amazing food! The restaurant is small and charming. We did not make a reservation, but the table next to us did, if you plan to go at a busy time I would suggest making one. We went here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. Everything on the menu looked amazing so we decided to split a few appetizers instead of ordering meals. We split guacamole, chicken croquetas, plantains, a breakfast burrito, and tamales. Everything was delicious! I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for great Latin food!One of my favorite places to come eat they even  have  nacatamales that are vegetarian!!! Which is something that my grandmother used to make from Nicaragua.... It's a trip back to memory lane with the cool Central American Jamaican vibe.Mojitos are on point. Make sure Trinity makes it. All fresh ingredients muddled to perfection. Haven't tried the Food yet but I'll update this review when I do.Ran into this place by accident, and it was the best accident I have ever had in my life. I would recommend anyone if you ever come to New Orleans, wants to find a great little place to have a quick drink, and food. The place is owned by a fellow veteran, such as my myself. Thank you Trinity. I'll be back.I had lunch at Maya's last weekend and they were using their brunch menu.  I suspect that my entree is on their regular menu though I got the curried shrimp which was very tasty but maybe a little heavy on the cream sauce for a hot midday.  My friend got the breakfast sandwich on DELICIOUS coconut bread.  Really amazing.
There were also cocktails specials, so that definitely influences up to 4 stars for delish sangria & bloody marys for $5.  (Mimosas too but I didn't have one of those). 
Definitely plan on going back.Had the Ropa Viejo this time. First of all, I had forgotten to ask for no beans/double rice until the dish arrived. I asked if they could take care of this and they did in almost no time at all. Bravo!
As for the dish it self, it was absolutely delicious with a subtle, aromatic seasoning to it, one of the best--if not the best--ropa viejos I've had.
I still thiink 4 1/2 stars is most appropriate but having given Mayas 4 stars last time, I'm giving it a 5th one after this visit :-)Maya's has the best mojitos in town.  During weekdays they have a two-for-one special from 6pm-7pm.  I highly recommend the blackberry or mango mojito, though the traditional mojito is quite excellent as well.
The food is quite good, a nice twist on Latin fare.  It's fusion cuisine, and often has Thai elements.  
The ambiance is excellent, and the waitstaff is attentive.  The dinner prices are reasonable, but slightly on the high side.
My favorites include the Mango Avocado Salad and the Flan.  I haven't yet had an entree there that I haven't liked.Always good food. This place has lots of selections and often fun to share some of the small plates. Great drinks, wine and beer. Also a nice vegetarian selection. It's not too big but they do take reservations. And offer a few outdoor tables which is nice. Service and food are always great.Food was outstanding! We had a great experience because we were not in a hurry. The wait staff was great. The plantains were to die for.I recently visited and the food was great, service was great, did not have the experience many others seem to have recently had.  I did hear the host telling a customer they just did a remodel which definitely shows up in the nice interior.  Some items are definitely higher priced but that should be expected when ordering "Chilean Sea Bass" etc.  Ill definitely go again.Returned and had the Sea Bass again.  It was exactly as good as the first time.  How could I forget to mention the sauce?  They slather it in this ambrosia sauce that is the ultimate companion.  The sample platter (appetizer) was alright and so was the skirt steak my wife had, but the Sea Bass was so good we polished it off together and she doesn't even like Sea Bass!  I promise to come back and try something different.  Maybe.Had the Lechón and it was great. Good combination of flavors from latinoamerica. I'll be back in my next visit to New Orleans.Amazing food every time we come.  Freshest ingredients with great service and ambience.  One of favorites in the big easy.  Maya's is amazing every dish every time.I really, really enjoyed this restaurant!  My husband and I went on a Thursday night and it was not very busy.  They had the two-for-one mojito special going on, but I decided not to drink, so my husband ordered a margarita.  I took a sip...excellent margaritas made with real juice, etc not the icky mix.  We ordered our food and then the server brought us some wonderfully crispy, fried tortilla strips with a sweet and spicy sauce...I ate too many of these.  The server was very nice, attentive but not too instrusive.  
The food arrived and smelled delicious.  I order grilled red fish with the yellow curry sauce.  I totally disagree with a previous reviewer - the curry sauce was great!  So much flavor and it went beautifully with the fish and rice.  Yes, it was a bit heavy by the end, but totally worth it.  I will definitely be going back to this restaurant - I'm so glad that it is just a few blocks from my house.  Check it out next time you are strolling along Magazine Street.My husband and I enjoyed our food; the chorizo and bean empanada was delicious and his cuban-styled steak was very good. However, our waiter was fairly rude when I ordered a quesadilla for dinner. He made a face, shook his head, and was reluctant to write down my order. He asked if I was sure if that's what I wanted. I thought this was fairly bizarre, when we were one of two tables in the restaurant at the time, so it seemed like any business would be better than no business. I explained that I wasn't that hungry, and wanted to enjoy both the appetizer and my dinner, but I didn't need to justify my dinner order to him. He was quite short the remainder of the meal. Won't be back, which is a shame because the food was quite good.Trinity, one of the owners, is usually there and pretty visible. There's a genuine feeling of hospitality in the service they provide. The Mojitos are really fabulous. The crab-mango-avocado stack is a definite every time I'm there. Depending upon who I'm with and what meal time it is, different items seem to rise to the top of the list. Incredible fish dishes and savory pork ones dot the menu. I've never been disappointed. It would be incredibly time-consuming to replicate even one dish at home. Treat yourself!Hard to notice this place, but my father in law said it was good. Started with the Tostones which were delicious with the dipping sauces and garnish. My wife had the Tropical Chicken, I, the Monterrey Chicken, and dad-in-law the Lechon Roasted Pork. While I didn't taste their meals, if they were as delicious as mine, then they were delicious. Nice atmosphere with Latin music in the background rounds it out nicely.I stopped in for lunch with my friend who had wanted to try this place for a while. I was really impressed! The chips to start were warm and perfectly shaped for dipping into their salsa (it's the little details I really enjoy). We got the mango guac to share which was also very good. I particularly enjoyed the giant chips that they were served with. I got the ahi tuna salad which was AWESOME! The tuna was perfectly rare and I really liked the dressing that it was served it. It was hearty and filling. I tried my friend's lechon pork which was HUGE and really tender. The décor inside is really beautiful and I especially liked the Christmas decorations. I would definitely love to come back another time!I loved dinner at Maya's. We walked down on a weeknight, unsure of where we'd go. We had heard that Maya's has the best mojito in town, but we were put off by the price. Considering we make mojitos at home often, paying $11 was a little steep. We were offered a chance to look at their Facebook page to find the drink specials, which are available after clicking "like." I'm not a big fan of that idea (C'mon, why not a Yelp special?), so we opted for the reasonable $5 margaritas and sangrias. We were very happy with both drinks.
On to food: simply outstanding. My expectations were not particularly high as I knew nothing about the food coming in. The prices were a little off-putting, and the server tended to recommend the pricier items. For a weeknight dinner sitting at a cafe table I wasn't going to go over the top. We ordered one appetizer to share (cheap), and two entrees, in the middle for prices.
The appetizer was fried yuca. I've never had yuca (what part of the plant is it, anyway, the root? Is this the same plant as American desert yucca?), but I thought it was perfectly executed. A starchy, potato-like but firmer texture with a great ratio of crispy fried outer to soft, 'meaty' interior. The yuca fries were topped with a couple sauces, which at a lesser restaurant may have been allowed to ruin the crispiness of the dish, but at Maya's had not. A little spicy, a little sweet, a little bit of everything, made for a very satisfying and enjoyable first course.
For dinner she had a seafood medley called moqueca. I forget the exact dish name, but it had an option for scallops, gulf shrimp, or mahi mahi. Given that the gulf shrimp, unlike the other choices potentially, were local, she went for shrimp. The dish was very sauce heavy, in a coconut curry, spicy, with rice on the side. And it was outstanding. The smell of her dinner had me salivating, and even our server on coming outside to check on our table commented on how good it smelled. Outdoors, with a light breeze, and the aroma was pervasively delectable.
My meal was lechon of pork, a marinated pork chunk served on rice and black beans, topped with sauces, onions, and green pepper. I avoided a Mexican-style dish, the chile relleno, on fear that I'd be disappointed (we're Mexican food snobs), and instead opted for the more Caribbean style dish that I hoped would be in Maya's wheelhouse. I don't know about the relleno, but the lechon of pork was outstanding. The pork was tender, the sauces topping it had a great combination of rich marinade and the freshness of pico. It was spiced, but not spicy. The pork had a large rind of fat, which I know many Americans find unappealing. As a home cook I recognize the importance of that fat rind to keeping slow-cooked meat juicy. On a cheap pork chop I would have excised it from the edible portion of my plate. But in the combination of sauces (a theme, it seems), and having been rendered to silky softness through slow cooking, I couldn't help but eat even the large rind of fat.
With low expectations, and careful selections, we came out pleasantly surprised by Maya's. We were disappointed to see Jackson closed across the street (we had an outstanding meal there, and I feared they'd never have the clientele to support what they were doing with food). But it seems we've found a good substitute on this block. Next time we need to spring for a mojito, and maybe a higher-end appetizer. I'm eager to try the unique-sounding eggplant curry (eggplant being my favorite food now that I'm a grown-up and have seen all that pizza and hamburgers can do), and the desserts sounded outstanding, too (with leftovers already boxed, we simply had no room this time).
Having just finished my leftovers, I can't wait to head back!What a treat! I'm glad in a way more people don't know about how good this place is. It's small and intimate, warm and inviting, and energetic if you want it to be; the food certainly is! This place only gets great marks from my friends and rightly so. 
Recently I had the crab cake entree which, for lack of ANY description, was an "outer body experience!" Ohh my, I cannot say enough about tasty this was. Perfect execution of ingredients, incredibly unique flavours I've never had anywhere else, all in all just a superior dish. 
Service was also great, though they could use some knowledge into latin coffee culture.Is this restaurant closed? Went there this past Saturday after making a reservation on opentable for 8 pm, and when we get to the restaurant it was closed. Luckily Johnny Sanchez was able to fit me in despite them being extremely busy on a Saturday night.Worst restaurant experience of my life was at Maya's.  I came with a party of 5.  The restaurant had two other tables in the entire place.  Yet it took ten minutes for us to be seated.  The hostess said they were slammed.  Seriously?  We all ordered the 3 course lunch special.  It took literally two hours for the food to come out and it was not even what the menu said it would be.  My order never arrived.  They simply forgot my order.  I wasn't going to wait another couple hours.  None of us got our third course dessert that was included in the price.  When my friends asked about it the server said, "oh did you still want that?". We just left.
Horrible horrible restaurant.Terrible Service and Management! The food and drinks were fantastic, but it was over 2 hours after we sat down at our table that we were served our food. Our waitress was extremely apologetic and had also explained that the servers with the most seniority had been there a couple months. When I got up to speak with the manager (because he never came to our table despite the waitress telling him about the problems) he just said, "Sorry about that." He never came to the table to apologize to the rest of the party or offered to discount anything or told us he was working on ironing out problems. NOTHING. I really don't know how this place stays in business because no matter how good the food is, I would NEVER go back there.I have been here two times and the food was amazing! Any appetizer with seafood is a hit, especially the mango crab avocado stack. The Ceviche is a great dish as well. The first time I went, I ordered coconut curry shrimp with rice. There's an option to have yellow or red curry (I selected red because I wanted it to be spicy). This time I selected the Brazilian Moqueca with shrimp. Both of these dishes were equally amazing! The Brazilian Moqueca came out on a sizzling hot pan mixed with veggies and shrimp. I also tasted the Caribbean fish. Either of these 3 are great selections. Make sure you feel comfortable with your waiter/waitress so you can ask for additional recommendations.What a treasure. From the moment we walked in, the service was friendly and attentive.  The atmosphere is casual and trendy with catchy central American music playing in the background. Menu is extensive and many wonderful choices. We sampled numerous dishes, each better than the last. Great selection of beers from central America and the bartender was very knowledgeable.  Dessert was a wonder of carmelized sweet plantains and banana ice cream served after being ignited much to my daughter's amazement.  Would highly reccomend. Look past the French Quarter and explore the treasures to be found at Maya's  on magazine street.Upon arriving for lunch, I noted that the menu they gave me was quite a bit different than what I had found on their website. However, it looked to me to have more and better options than what I'd researched, so I was okay with that. Tortilla chips came out free, not a common thing in this day and age; the salsa they came with was too sweet for my taste, but you can't complain about free.
Their lunch specials were pretty impressive. A salad arrived quickly, and rice and beans came on the side; you're definitely covering all your food groups. Ironically, the least impressive part was probably the enchiladas themselves, which were mostly onions. However, the other food was plentiful and good enough to make it a worthwhile lunch.
They were training servers the day I stopped in; I got very careful and attentive service and it was a nice place to eat. And they had plenty of options to suit most dietary needs. I was satisfied.I live in the neighborhood and have overlooked this place every time I passed it because of the many other great options within a few blocks' radius ...
That will not happen again.
This place has a creative Latin fusion menu with food inspirations ranging from Cuba to Brazil. Menu highlights include the Guacamole section with over five different types, each made fresh with a whole avocado. The salad we had was presented beautifully, layered with multiple textures, and just the right (pro)portions of dressing, greens, and protein.
Every bite was special.
Loved the salt on the house Margherita. The salt. Yes. The salt and the Margherita too.
A place for foodies. A place for romantics. Geaux!It's a good place, but pretty expensive. I'm not sure I'll return, but I wasn't disappointed.The cuban steak was awesome im from south Florida and i know my cuban food this was great will try again next time i visit new orleansWas not open when we tried to go on Sunday 9/4 for dinner, although the website said they were and there was no sign on the door... Very disappointed :(This place has amazing food. Honduran infused. Joshua makes the most amazing mojitos!!This is the third time my husband and I have come to Mayas.   Every time the food has been excellent. This time they didn't have a special so we ordered off the menu. Fried yuca, and the braised pork shoulder with black beans and rice. Portions are big enough for us to share. So big my husband who has been in the Army for 24 years left enough for me to enjoy the delicious food also. I had the spicy watermelon margarita and it was delicious. Be careful though, the spices creep up on you. Chips and sweet mango salsa was great start to our meal. 
If you plan to come make sure you come with an appetite as the portions are nice size enough for two or four if you get the paella dishes. 
This time we got the honey plantains for desert. So yummy.I stopped in just as they opened at 11:30 for an early lunch and had a wonderful meal. The staff was super friendly and attentive, especially my server Lalo! With beautiful lighting and decorations and Thalia hits playing overhead it was the perfect restaurant environment. I got a strawberry-kiwi twist in the classic South American cocktail the Capirinha and the muddled fruits were divine. Thanks Jose(The bartender).My food came out quickly and exactly as I ordered it. I started with some bacon-wrapped sweet plantains because how could I not?! And for my entree I got this mango jalapeño rubbed grilled chicken breast on a bed of jasmine rice and black beans. I will 1000% be coming back here for happy hour and dinner sometime!This was our first time to Mayas so we did not know what to expect. We were greeted as soon as we come in and seated. From the appetizers to the entries the meal was excellent! The staff was very warm and knowledgeable of their kitchen and the wine list. We will be back!We were walking down Magazine in dire need of some food and saw a bunch of cheery tables on the sunny sidewalk. Looked at the menu and decided this was our place. We were starving, and ordered guacamole (delish!), sweet plantains (perfectly fried and tasty), and a trio of empanadas (beef, cheese, artichoke - insanely delish!)... then we got these giant flour tortillas with beans, egg, avocado, & cheese in them - SO good. We couldn't even eat a small portion of the entrees between the 4 of us but we are all taking them to go, happily! Great service, adorable ambiance, full bar and drinks. Can't go wrong here!I've been here many times over the years and I have had both great and some of my worst dining experiences. This is what I've learned....
- If the food wasn't so damn good I'd never go back.... but it is good, so I go back.
- The service can be great (servers)but others (managers and some bartenders) are total jerks.  I've been verbally assaulted by the manager and apparently that is not a unique experience.
- the margaritas suck... and most of their specialty drinks do too.  Stay safe and order a mojito, wine or beer.
- if it's crowded...Leave!! You will not get treated well or quickly 
I hope they change management, but my friends and I told them that years ago and apparently they didn't listen.  Today's experience was really good.I think it's most accurate to describe this as a casual restaurant with pan-Latin American (including the Caribbean) fare. There are some tapas-style dishes, but they're more appetizers. This isn't really tapas -- and the tables are too small to make a tapas-style meal work.
A lot of the food was excellent, particularly the yuca, tostones (made of plantains), and mango salsa. The guacamole was a little over-creamed, but the accompanying tortillas were excellent. The fish (I had a snapper special) was fresh and presented whole. The skewers had an abundant amount of meat. Seriously, though, the yuca. Get more than one plate.
The restaurant is a bit uncomfortable -- the tables are a little short and small. Everything feels crammed in and pell-mell rather than planned out. It was cold. It's meant to feel casual, but instead it just feels scattered and cramped. It doesn't even really have the trendy "dive" style -- it just seems like they've put too many tables into too small a space and want it to be more classy than casual. It's casual.
The service was slow and we often had to wave someone down (and we were there on a Saturday night). We ordered a veggie nacatamal and got one with pork. One of the drink orders was forgotten completely.
The atmosphere and service leave a lot to be desired, but the food's solid.We had an excellent lunch here, as we were walking around the neighborhood.  We started with fried plantains which came with three interesting and subtle dipping sauces.  Salad, enchiladas, Cubans sandwich, & quesadillas were all excellent. Large portions executed with flare & attention to detail. Check it out!Just got back from an extended lunch at Mayas.  The large windows facing Magazine St. make people watching necessary while dining in.  Also a pop in by Forest Whitaker towards the end of our meal made us linger a big longer.  My friend and I stopped in there because I remembered them doing a summer $13 ($12.99 to be exact) 3 corse lunch.  The food was great.  A choice of soup or salad, dinner sized entree, and one of 3 deserts was well worth the money.  Also, they offer lunch drink specials (only in NOLA right?) which I had to partake in.  2 for 1 fresh mojitos.  I tried the blackberry and blueberry; both good and both strong.  For entrees we did the Chile Rellenos and the enchalidas.  Yum!  Desert was Tres Leches of course.  I have dined here several times and always enjoyed.
Taking one star off for the service, it was less than stellar but still friendly and attentive (the girl was just a little forgetful).  But I will be back for sure.  Very full, very satisfied.I ate the salsa, which tastes like a spicy version of fast food sweet and sour dipping sauce then decided there was zero chance i was spending20-35$ on an entree. Thats about all i have to sayAllow me to begin with $3 mimosas. Thank you very much. Delightful server (Tyler) brought over chips and a homemade salsa. Salsa more akin to a perfectly spicier Sweet Thai Chili. Personally, I'd prefer a chunkier salsa, but I'd smear this sauce over anything I'd put in my mouth! 
We shared the Bleu Cheese and Date Guacamole (ho. lee. cow. Incredible flavor pairing.). It arrived with what looked like too few homemade flour and corn chips, but it was the perfect amount! 
We also shared the Tuna Tartar, which was a perfect combination of sweet, spicy, creamy, firm, and tangy sexiness. Atop a bed of arugula, this was by far one of the best sesame dusted tuna of my life. I cannot wait to eat that again. 
My husband ordered the Carne Asada, which had a mammoth sized slice of fried cheese. I had to steal two large bites of it!AHHHH... 3.5 Stars? REALLY?  K-Paul's is THE BEST DAMN RESTAURANT ON DA PLANET at times.  I'm a foodie baby, and some of BEST meals of my entire Life came from that kitchen (Rest in Peace Paul and Kay). If I had a short 2 hour layover at Louis Armstrong (MSY) airport I'd hall-ass to Chartres St. to get a bite. I'd risk missing the connection and be just fine with it. If I'm within 200 miles a 'stop in' is not an option. It is a REQUIREMENT and might actually be a mortal sin to miss it. What's good?  EVERYTHING baby, everything.  Seriously, from the first morsel of bread served until the last lick of Creme Brulee and forkful of Bread Puddin' (who can choose? get both, ALWAYS!!!). Have some respect - Six Yelp Stars and if the Michelin Guide rated N.O.? K-Paul's would deserve an unprecedented 'Four' stars, the fourth star for how Paul Prudhomme helped put N.O. so prominently on the Global gastronome map.Went for the first time with a friend who LOVES this place. Great atmosphere, decor and service. I found appetizer, salsa and treatment of soft crab overly sweet. You can do the sweet thing if you have the acid or spiciness to enhance. Unfortunately, just sweet. Would definitely try again as the place has a lot of good  going for it.Excellent food. Shrimp curry was wonderful. Mojito was fantastic. Overall wait staff was very attentive.This is the 2nd awful experience I've had here. This time around I called in an order for the $32, 2 person paella. The woman taking my order said "ok" and gave me a time to come pick it up. When I arrived she handed me a bill for $59.95 and a giant container of food. I did not order that size yet I still had to pay. This place is filled with the worst workers, the food is fine, but can you just be honest people? I feel scammed and too sick to eat now, so thanks for ruining my day."Do you want to just order a bunch of appetizers and share?" are the most dangerous words ever uttered when dining out. And yet despite knowing this, I always give in and become complicit in my own financial ruin.
I dined at Maya's the other night, and instead of simply ordering an entree, I agreed to share a few appetizers, which led to the ordering of four, with two glasses of sangria. The bill came out to a hefty $65, which my companion and I split, but even still, it was more than I wanted to spend for a regular, non-event meal.
Despite this, I have to say I did enjoy the food served up by Maya's - the tuna tar tar, the ceviche, the crab-shrimp-avocado-mango stack, and especially the soft-shell crab. The sangria was also great. 
Whenever I enjoy a good meal, I make a mental note to come back in the future, but rarely do I have an immediate craving to return. I think Maya's however, has managed to entice me to return as soon as I can. 
Also worth noting is the good service and atmosphere. Lots of shops nearby to visit if you're in the mood for shopping. I ate outside on the sidewalk, but the inside of the restaurant seems very nice. I need to return to have a dining experience inside.Adequate but not great. I had my doubts before we went but was with a group that didnt want to wait for Juans. With the cold bland fried plantains served with piña colada sauce, a mango avocado salad soaked in vinegar dressing where both were still unripe, and a highly recommended ropa vieja that was smallish and sweet I won't be back soon. Too bad my gf was dying to try this place.Amazing food, great service. The sweet chili sauce that came with the chip starter was absolutely amazing. Empanadas were well seasoned, came with killer sauces and weren't soggy/oily. The waiter was very kind and they clearly care about the quality of food they put out.Went here on mardi GRAS day.  They seemed a little overwhelmed, but even though the service was slow, the server was friendly and the food was great.  Vegetarian and vegan options.Mayas seems to be a good place for a date or drinks. It has a good vibe and atmosphere. A lot of the items on their menu are curry based, which is interesting for a Latin-inspired place, but I liked it. I naturally couldn't resist and got the fish curry which has a coconut cream sauce and was just really good in general. 
I got a house margarita which I had no complaints about, although, after seeing my friend's cilantro margarita, I was a little bit regretful I didn't get that one. 
Maya's is a solid place and I'm looking forward to trying more things on their menu.Food was good. Not to busy. Love the Latin fusion ideas. Ceviche is highly recommended along with the succulent Crab Avocado Salad.I went here for the first time after eyeing it since I've lived here for over a year. Tonight was Cinco de Mayo and I decided to go finally. I went later on, about 8, hoping the crowd would be thinned. They were still very busy and that was ok because I definitely don't mind waiting for delicious dinner. I went in and stood there at the awkwardly set up entrance with no hostess stand and after about 10 minutes, someone finally came over and addressed myself and the couple next to me. I said I didn't mind eating at the bar and letting the couple have an available table because I didn't want to take up a table as a single diner. So I sat at the bar and waited for service then the bartender told me they couldn't serve food at the bar. Ok, fine, but then a moment later, when I went back and stood in the doorway again, the bartender served food to a couple seated at the bar. ?  Anyway, I waited for a table again. This time 15 more minutes of waiters passing and nobody acknowledging me. A couple walked in that I guess know one of the waiters and were taken to a table a few moments later and I was going to leave because it was getting boring standing and then passed over. BUT the couple informed the waiter (who passed me many times) that I was there first and should be seated so he sat me by the door. 
Waiter (different guy than the one who sat me) came and and brought water and chips and returned a few minutes later for my drink order and food order. I ordered from the special menu of course. The drink took sort of a long time but that was ok with me since I already placed my food order. I've been here almost an hour at this point. About 20 min later after delivering the drink, the waiter comes to apologize that it was taking so long. Ok- I don't mind. And then for the next 35 or so minutes, no food. No waiter. No drink. He didn't come back AT ALL. Now, having been in the industry for 15 years, I know that when the kitchen is backed up, waitstaff should use that opportunity to diffuse anxious patrons and suggest drinks, check back, stay on top of their customers so they don't feel ignored. Not tonight. He finally came back at almost 10 pm and said he was so sorry about the wait and it was coming and I just asked for my bill and for the food to be made to go. He was sweet enough but not very proactive. My drink was 12 and dinner was 24. He offered me a free tequila shot which I didn't want because I just wanted to leave and I work really early in the French Quarter. The tequila, I believe, was on special for 3$ a shot. Please don't offer me a 3$ shot to gloss over bad service. What would have been appropriate would have been to comp my drink so that what ended up being take out would not have been nearly 40$ (it was 39.24) after tax. I tipped 6$. I normally tip 30%, but I felt like the 6$ was preferable to me paying for my drink at the bar and leaving. 
I got home and ate some of the food. I ordered carnitas with shrimp and it was ok tasting, but the fact that I paid 40$ for take out made it taste awful. I could have gone to taco bell if I wanted my Cinco meal wrapped in styrofoam. 
Extremely disappointed. I'll never mind waiting for a meal. I will always mind slack service. Being busy is no excuse to completely ignore a table for over half an hour.