Went to Maypop tonight for the first time.  The staff was very friendly and knowledgable. The space was very comfortable and pleasant. All of the dishes we ordered were wonderful.  The food is very innovative and fresh. Maypop is definitely one of NOLA's best restaurants.Truly outstanding, from the amuse to the dessert. Chef has combined flavors that mingle. Artistry at work. We started with the escargot followed by the pasta, then lamb and fish. Each dish was wonderful. Will definitely come back. Better hurry and eat here before the crowds discover it. A gem.I highly recommend Maypop--I love the blend of Southern and Asian cuisines. We kicked off our lunch with the complimentary amuse-bouche: a coconut milk/curry beignet (my least favorite part of the meal). We ordered the bread service-- sesame rolls with pepper jelly which were piping hot and delicious. I had the hand pulled noodles with pork sausage (pictured). My friend ordered the apple citrus ravioli, which tasted completely different from my dish but was good in its own way. Overall the meal, was so good and I left happy. possibly the best meal I've had in New Orleans. Service was attentive but not overwhelming.We had a great lunch. Enjoyed the fried oysters as we always do. The crawfish appetizer was possibly better than the oysters. The Buster Crap entree was had a very interesting preparation and quite good. Our server Kayla was great.I liked the atmosphere and the service was great. Definitely a hip kind of place. The BF and I were just looking for a cold beer and something to tide us over until dinner. The menu was a bit intimidating with some interesting combinations of foods, but we eventually settled on the pork and cane syrup sesame balls, salt and pepper shrimp, and crawfish  ciabatta with arugula (all small plates). The pork balls were the best out of the three. The BF was NOT impressed with the shrimp, but the crawfish ciabatta was tasty. We ended up spending $50 before tipping. The free little coconut flour doughnuts and Vietnamese coffee caramel bites were a nice touch.
All in all, a nice place, though a bit out of our comfort level flavor wise at times. I would return but the BF probably wouldn't.Do not waste your money here when there are dozens of better deserving places in NOLA. We had a party of 15 booked in May for the Essence Fest only to come to the restaurant to be told 12 was the max. There were maybe 3 other parties total in the restaurant and they could have told us in the 2 months leading up to our date that that can't accommodate a big table but they were very insistent they couldn't take a big group. The manager could not have been ruder. Claimed we were threatening him and talked down to us. Many better places to go instead of this place.Very exciting and inventive cuisine. We had the crawfish salad, squid ink fusilli, pompano in grapefruit curry and duck confit. Each dish was unusual and fantastic. I have never had more tender duck. This is a restaurant you should not miss.Really enjoyed this place.  The flavor combinations were simply amazing. Please keep in mind that I have shellfish allergies. Once I told the waiter, the chef made minor adjustments to suite my needs. The broccoli salad was the best salad I'd ever had and the pork belly and grits was amazing. 
The only reason  I would give it 4 stars is because I didn't know what to expect when I got there. I use yelp a lot, and saw a duck dish I really wanted to try. But when I got there, it wasn't on the menu.  So I suggest you call to see what's on the menu, before walking in. But if you want to be an adventurous, this place is for yoh.
My suggestion to you is to eat slowly to take in all the flavors. 
My hats off to the chef.Very accommodating staff we walked in right before closing with a group of 6. They seated us without a problem. Our waiter was very friendly and attentive. I had the brisket not your typical BBQ brisket so don't go there with those thoughts. If you like different out of the ordinary Maypop is it. Everyone liked their food so no complaints here. The downside is we had a hard time finding parking there's a lot across the street, but they were charging event prices with no eventWe came by for dinner and our waitress was attentive. We had the fried oysters for appetizer and the duck and braised beef brisket for our entrees. The roasted duck breast was tender but the red curry sauce was too salty. The apple salad was a nice acidic compliment to all the saltiness. I like the charred rapini with the beef brisket but I didn't care for the gorgonzola popover since the cheese was a bit overpowering. Maypop also provided complimentary savory beignets and a delicious salted caramel chocolate treat.It's hard to find solid, high end restaurants in NOLA that are all around a good experience. Maypop is one of those places. 
The portions are smaller and it's a bit pricy, but it was one of the best dinners we had during our stay in New Orleans. It's sad that it's hard to find good South East Asian food there, but this is one of the exceptions. The head chef is professionally trained and combines French and SE Asian cuisine with bursts of flavor. It saddened me to see that it was not as full as it should have been on the Friday we ate there. This should be fuller, not some place like Cafe du Monde.Best new restaurant in the city!  Every dish my wife and I have tried hit the spot and I don't know where dem oyster's come from but WOW! We're going back tomorrow for Sunday brunch!There are very few times that I sit across the table from my husband and watch his eyes get wide after his first bite, this was one of those times. We were both very skeptical since we were one of 3 people in the restaurant at dinner time and we didn't know what anything on the menu was. We were met with super sweet staff and an incredibly knowledgeable server. The food was amazing and they had a few surprises for us that was unexpected and really cool. Food is excellent, service was great and they truly care about their consumer which is rare now a days. 
My husband had the brisket and bleu cheese crust and I had the Lamien Noodles with crab. So amazing, do yourself a favor and go :)Wonderful. We'll start with Vera our hostess / waitress. She was very nice, comfortable to talk to, very engaging. The menu had lots of interesting options all sounded wonderful. We had the brisket, the swordfish and the squid ink noodles. And we had the PJ fried oysters as an appetizer. Everything we had there was outstanding. Definitely one of the best meals we've had in 30 years.
The squid ink noodles were very good.
The best was the brisket. Very tender and tasted great.
Our least favorite was the swordfish. But it was very good, it is just everything so good.
I would recommend this place big time.
Atmosphere was perfect.Off the charts. One of best meals ever. Super creative, delicious food. Excellent execution. Great service. Chef visiting table was a great, personal touch. Highly recommend Maypop!The food was excellent and so was the service. We were a party of 4 and ordered multiple dishes to share, so we had a good sample of the menu. Everything was superb. Can't wait to go back!The good.
Food, service, wait staff, ambiance- all top notch. Fantastic place, amazing selection. Anything you get will be great.
The bad.
Portion vs price- WAY too small.
I'm not a huge portion eater, and I'm familiar with lots of excellent restaurants and their portion sizes.
The entree portions are essentially Tapas sized.
Not the best place to go if you are super hungry.
Other than that, I can't criticize it at all. Great food.Wonderful food, attentive service. Small portions with small prices to match, perfect for tasting several dishes without leaving full. 
You will want to do so as the menu while small is eclectic and contains several interesting delicious choices. The grouper is highly recommended as is everything on the pasta section especially the pecan pasta 
The chocolate cake for dessert is not to be missed, its light years better than the glop served other places.It was a delicious experience. There was fusion between local and Asian flavors. The handmade pasta was tender and the sauce was robust.  The service was spot on. Mena is always a delight.  We have always had wonderful experiences at Chef Michael Gulotta's restaurants.something different out here in Nola, situated in the warehouse district.  The wife and i got the hand pulled noodles tossed with blue crab & pork sausage and 48 hour braised beef brisket and some "bread service".  The brisket was cooked to perfection and seasoned as such.  The hand pulled noodles in the mapo sauce was a bit too salty.  Good thing we got the "bread service" for an extra $4 to help with that.  The coconut butter and jam was a nice addition to the warm sesame rolls.  As a bonus, we got complimentary savory beignets and a truffle-like dessert (not too sure what it was - didn't pay attention).  I'd say this is more of a 3.5 star place, but since i was tired of anything po-boy related or more oysters...  i rounded up to 4.Awesome resturant with a modern feel. The decorations and layout of the resturant gives a very peaceful and relaxing feel. The staff are extremely attentive to your needs. After each course they would reset the utensil even if you didnt used them. In addition, water is keep in a chill bottle which they refill when your glass is empty. The food is a good modern fusion with Asian dishes; they mix Vietnamese, Chinese, Japanese, and Korean food with Southern Louisiana spices. The menu is limited but the ingredients are local and fresh. They have different items based on the season and what is fresh. We had the oyster appetizer which was cooked to perfection. The oysters were crispy with a soft soft (one was a cooling sauce the other hot). Then we tried two noodle bowls. The oyster and shrimp. The noodles were good with a rich creamy sauce. Next we tries the lamb, it was okay in my opinion. Lastly was dessert a must try! We wanted the red bean and rice tart but they were out so we tried the donuts. We were not disappointed. The warm donuts were companied with a not too sweet ice cream. That really ended our meal. A must try restaurant when in New Orleans.Service and staff were lovely.  The food however left much to be desired.  My daughter ordered the noodles with shrimp and the sauce can only be described as "weird", she left most of it in the bowl.  My husband and I ordered the sheepshead fish with crawfish topping.  This was unnecessarily greasy and the fish itself was flavorless.  You had to eat it with the garnish to have any flavor.  If you do go, be sure to order the bread--it was the best part of the meal.  BEWARE!  The caramel espresso bites at the end had a strong salt crusting on the top that nearly made me spit it out.  And I like salted caramel. Beautiful clean space, lovel staff, mediocre food.Delicious and exciting menu! I crave the curry shrimp noodles all the time. 5 stars, a must try.Michael Gulotta strikes again! This popular Nola chef recently opened Maypop and it is a really great dinner spot. I have been here a couple times and enjoyed the food immensely. I am a big fan of the chicken vindaloo, the curry beignets, and the fried oyster appetizer. 
I'm not a vegetarian but people rave about the tofu dish here. 
I highly recommend Maypop to anyone local or non-local looking for something new by a great nola chef. If you're coming to New Orleans to eat amazing food, you should definitely stop by Maypop!I just ate at this restaurant, which a friend recommended highly. The atmosphere was great and the server very friendly and attentive enough. It was noisy, but that's to be expected at a popular restaurant on a Saturday night. Some reviewers complained that portions were small. I did not find this to be the case. My rating is because I found the food to be over produced, trying too hard. Very saucy, even the salad.We had a lovely experience at Maypop with Kayla as our server. The food was delicious. We will be returning here.Let me drop my only 5'er of the day right here for ya. If you are visiting NOLA or live in NOLA, you must try Maypop. Holy burst of flavors! 
The location is easy - out of the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter, but not far away at all. I was staying at NOPSI and it was super close walking distance. There also seemed to be ample parking. The inside was sleek, organic, modern, while also warm and welcoming. I had a reservation for a Sunday night, but it was totally unnecessary as the place was almost completely empty.
Everything we ate was the best "thing" we had eaten on this trip (and we ate at some amazing restaurants). I liked that the portions were small because a) I'm a woman, probably wearing something tight, and like to eat like a rabbit to feel better about myself, b) I can try more things, and c) dessert, duh.  The watermelon and chorizo salad was not really a salad in the typical sense of the word, but it hit all the taste bud buttons. In addition, I had the lemonfish plate, which was again, small, but full of flavor. We shared the bread plate (those sauces!!) and the oysters to start. The oysters were a pretty large plate for an appetizer and so good.
I also tasted my husbands noodle dish and the flavors were poppin' like firecrackers, y'all. This dish was definitely more filling than my salad and fish apps, but again, see comment above. They also brought a savory beignet to start, compliments of the kitchen and it was something I'd order in bulk, no problem. Dessert was the green apple tart which is share-able and pretty large. It was good, but I probably would have preferred something else. The ice cream that came with it was amaze!
The cocktail I had was good, and my husband got a speciality soda since he is not able to drink. They do have "other drinks" listed, but no mocktails. My only suggestion would be to add some creative mocktails for those recovering alcoholics, pregnants, already drunks, or DDs who also want a fancy looking drank. My only other thing to note is that my husband said the men's bathroom had some leftover vomitus on the walls by the toilet. Looked like a projectile situation that had been kinda cleaned up but still quite visible. I mean, it's NOLA, sooooo, but let's just say I'm glad I didn't come across that.Great. New restaurant from Chef Gulota . Very different menu from his other restaurants. I enjoyed my meal. Very reasonably priced.Excellent food and server!! Thanks Andrea!! We will be back with out of town guests in March.5 Star most definitely. P&j oysters, lamian noodles and beef brisket. Spectacular. I can't say enough about the food and the service. It was a wonderful dining experience.Absolutely delicious! New Orleans needs more restaurants like this - and we have a LOT of restaurants.  A friend and I split everything - the appetizers (fried oysters and chaat salad) which were very good, an entrée (fermented pork belly) was also very good but the noodle dishes were AMAZING. We shared the Red Bean Calamarata and the Charred Oyster Bucatini -it would be tough to pick one over the other and I can't wait to try the other two on the menu.  On my next visit (hopefully soon) I will likely skip the entrees completely - I want those noodle dishes for days.  They kindly offered my daughter plain noodles with butter - but she wouldn't eat it (it was flavorless) so they might want to find a kids meal that is somewhere in between bland noodles and the amazing-ness of everything else. She did however dive headfirst into the Maypop tart - no one else got to try it but she said it was fantastic.I don't post many reviews but this place just blew us away!! We shared the chilled melon soup, and I had the hand pulled noodles with crab and sausage both were amazing!!
My husband had the egg noodles with shrimp in a curry sauce and loved it as well.
Service was excellent too, I highly recommend Maypop.Simple and outstanding. Simply outstanding. Innovative and hip, quiet and pleasant. Great cuisine that is right on portions and large on flavor!  Great waiter and staff. Attentive and accommodating.Quite possibly one of the best meals of my life. Restaurant had only been 8 days when we wandered in here after lunch in search of a Sazerac. Our bartender did an amazing job with the cocktail and for NYE we wound up back here for dinner after we discovered our usual place was closed. Time to make a new tradition!  
Service was impeccable. Our server, Mena, was attentive, knew the dishes well and gave great recommendations. Food was brought out quickly by a large crew of peeps who always checked in to make sure we were ok, but it never felt pushy. 
Food. Oh my god. The dishes were inventive, flavorful, and downright exciting. I had the bucatini with chargrilled oysters and, wow. Those were the juiciest cooked oysters I've ever had. My bf had the pork belly with these awesome rice cake "tots" and to-die for sauce. Also, we loved the chai donuts for dessert. Yes, tea-donuts. Totally rad. 
The ambiance was cool. Corner building, lots of windows and the dining area feels both private and airy. When sitting at the bar at lunch, my gaze lingered at the open kitchen, where one of the staff was grinding spices with a mortar and pestle. When the chef, Mike, came out during dinner to ask how we liked the food, we asked him about it and he said that they grind by hand because it releases the oils. Neat! Also, they're curing their own meats to use later on in the rotating menus. Can't wait to see what they do there... 
I absolutely recommend this place. Next time I'm in NOLA, you bet I'm coming back.Honestly I'm not sure what the hype was about on yelp but Maypop food to me is standard. It's a little on the pricier side with the food you're getting but they do have nice presentation of their food. We started with their crispy fried oysters with a soy aioli, manchego cheese and spicy cucumber. Everything works well together and makes for a good fried oyster. For our entree I got the 48hr braised beef brisket which was tender but to me it was standard. My wife got the roasted duck breast in red curry and the duck was good but the duck skin could have been a little more crispy as well.Best food I have had in New Orleans with great service!My new favorite!!!!! Sorry Emerils! Great ambiance! Very retro and modern! The food-Absolutely on point! Got the chaat salad, very very good! And got a few other little plates..sorry no pics coz I devoured  the dish in ..what it felt like..a minute...and I wanted more of that charred eggplant and watermelon little plates...soooo Good! Entres we got jumbo shrimp noodles and the mushroom dumplings! Excellent! Thank you God for making me accidently find  this reataurant. Great place!!!Went here with my wife for dinner after a day of museum hopping and before going to a concert at Champions' Square; it was perfect.  We had virgin cocktails of Mango Puree, Lemon, and Rose Lemonaid, followed by an amuse-bouche of savory beignets, Bibb Lettuce Salad, Late Summer Tartine, Noodles Tossed with Blue Crab & Pork Sausage, Panéed Pork with Spicy Smashed Cucumber, Sweet Corn Cake, and Maypop Pie.
I normally wouldn't call a salad the star of a meal, but while the entire meal was a creative delight, the Bibb Lettuce Salad stood out as exceptional with a sweet and spicy, crispy and creamy juxtaposition of flavors and textures.  I'd never had a salad that I couldn't wait to come back for, so this is the first.  I also loved the Maypop Pie, but the crust was a little thick, so if your manners might be on display, I'd recommend something else.
While I preferred the Salad, Noodles, and Pie to my wife's Tartine, Pork, and Cake, she had the opposite opinion, which goes to show taste matters as much as anything else.  Regardless, we will both be back very soon to try other dishes and have our bouches amused again.Very unique and memorable experience. Service was impeccable and the inspired creations will bring me back.From the moment we made our reservation to the last scrumptious morsel, we were spoiled by the exquisite attention to detail at this little gem of a eatery.  We showed up for the last hour of weekend Dim Sum and were entertained by the bursts of flavor in every bite.  The chef greeted us with a savory beignet with wasabi creme. Next, came the delectible Bon Kam-like crispy Pork and Cane Syrup-stuffed Sesame Balls.  Yummmmoooo!  We savored the Head Cheese and Crab Soup Dumplings and Octipus Shumai with spicy mustard. Then, we just had to have the Harissa Lamb with Roti.  OMG delicious!  The Maypop Tart was a special divine ending to a perfect early dinner.  And if that wasn't enough, the check came with a yummy little unique chef-made salted caramel morsel.  Definitely a must-do again!  Thank you, Maypop!Excellent!  I wanted something a bit different and wow was I pleased.  I got the Chicken vindaloo and it was amazing.  So much flavor and texture.  It was amazing.  Definately going back to try the other stuff on the menu.  They also have a cool looking Dim sum on the weekend... I'm gonna check out that also.
If you are a fan of eclectic faire, just go try it.Too good to put into words!! Warm crawfish salad, squid ink fusili, and the fermented pork belly were highlights. Beatuifully plated, extremely unique, and decently priced for the quality and complexity of ingredients. Take an adventurous eater here for the best date ever! Our serverJonas made great recommendations and lovely conversation. I can't wait to come back.Best food I had in New Orleans! So flavorful! Great cocktails too. Highly recommend Maypop to locals and travelers. Can't wait to go back to Nola to eat here again!One of the great meals I've had in NOLA. For that matter anywhere... The service was great as were the drinks. The Bibb salad was wonderful and the bone marrow appetizer was one the best things I've ever had. The squid Ink pasta was also great.
The best thing though was how well they took care of my wife who as a diary allergy. The staff was knowledgable about what she could and could not have and the chef made sure that she had a great meal and experience. 
We will be back next time we are in NOLA!The food is very good. The portions are very small. After dropping a chunk of $$ I had to find another bite to eat an hour later.I wish I could give it 6 stars! Maypop doesn't let down. Everything from my mocktail, to app and entree were awesome and then some. The fried oyster app was insane. It had so many layers of flavor - absolutely incredible. Ask them about the black mayo painted on to the plate under them. You can tell every choice in this place is made with intention and excellent execution. I will go here any time someone asks. The (very reasonable ) price point is so worth the quality of food and atmosphere.Amazingly eclectic blend of tastes and cuisines.  Love the ambiance and the service and everything we ate!!!  Awesome.Nice happy hour great drinks and the food is delicious! Different flavor combos. They are very accommodating to Celiac's and I was able to have gluten free fried oysters and soft shell crab! Heavenly! The service was perfect as well. We will be back!I went to Maypop for a bachelorette dinner during Essence weekend. We made a reservation about 2 months in advance for 15 people but when we arrived on the day of our reservation we were told that the maximum amount of people that they could seat per table was 12. As a bachelorette group we definitely wanted to sit together to celebrate our girl and asked the manager, Scott, if he could accommodate our party especially since the restaurant was mostly empty. 
Scott was incredibly rude and condescending to our group. He refused to acknowledge that they made a mistake by not letting us know their seating limitations and felt like he was being threatened when two members from our group were politely speaking to him. It was unbelievable and you could tell the staff were used to his attitude which I'm sure is not good for their morale. I will say the food was excellent and the servers were fantastic but this restaurant is poorly run by Scott's rude self. It's terrible but I will not be going back despite having amazing foodLove this place! I went there for lunch with a friend and enjoyed myself tremendously. The food was delicious and the service amazing. We ordered noodles, vegetarian pasta, Vietnamese coffee, and more. I can't wait to go back. Great service, food, and I love the location .This was definitely our favorite meal during our stay in New Orleans this time! I was impressed by everything we had, and the service was also great! Loved the atmosphere as well :)This place is fantastic! Will definitely be a regular spot. The lamb dish was one of the best things I've ever eaten. Pompano and tofu entrees were delish as well. Everything my group ordered was amazing.Beyond brilliant. We had such an amazing experience. Three of us including two former chefs sat at the bar and were treated like kings by two fantastic bartenders. In the meantime we were able to look into the open kitchen and watch as the chefs and cooks worked. The entrées were spectacular in both flavor and pleading and the desserts might've actually been even better. Can't recommend this enough!My wife and I tried his restaurant out while on a date night and waiting for a concert at the Civic Theatre. The large windows and chic ambiance welcomed us in as we sat at a table by a window. The server was very charming and the drinks were smart and fresh. The food was delicious as well and we even were able to receive some complimentary appetizers. Great date night and concert.Food was so average and overpriced, a tasteless mix of a bunch flavours that do not work well together at all. So disappointed and such a waste of money.The most beautiful plating I've seen lately and the service was friendly and efficient. The restaurant is so sparsely furnished, it reminds me of a huge, beautiful warehouse.  The seating is hard, unpadded wood, which became uncomfortable before we got through the appetizers.  And it was COLD!  There were just three tables occupied at 7:30, each with its own server so we had plenty of attention. 
It's not for me but my friend loved it.Food was excellent and fresh. We had the fried oysters and the crab and sausage hand made noodles. The flavors were exciting, exotic and fresh. Definitely would go there again!I tried Maypop last night and enjoyed it. I like that they have mocktail options, perfect for pregnant women like myself. For an appetizer we had the crispy fried oysters, which I highly recommend - they have a nice spice to them. For my entree I had the wok tossed ramen, also good but didn't wow me like I expected. The dark chocolate cardamom cake with espresso ice cream was divine, although quite rich. Definitely an interesting menu, and our service was excellent.Outstanding restaurant in the CBD.  It has a great vibe to the room and service is on point!  The dishes pack flavor and are very fresh!  This is a great fusion restaurant that can't be missed.  I'm only in NOLA for a few days, but already planning another meal here.This is, hands down, the best culinary experience in Nola right now. Fusion is no longer a hot word but chef Michael Gulotta has achieved it here impeccably. Nearly every dish is a masterpiece of composition, borrowing from Italian, Asian, and southern flavors and techniques. The sauces are divine and just wash over you with layer after layer. I'm a pretty good home cook and usually I can deconstruct how a chef put together their flavors, but with Maypop I swear it's culinary magic. Best of all, none of the food is stuffy or overwhelming. I usually go for lunch for its unbeatable value. (Dinner is noticeably pricier.)
I've sampled quite a few of the hot new restaurants around the country (Seattle, Boston, NY, etc.) and I'd take Maypop over most of them any day.We went here totally by chance and were amazed. The menu and restaurant theme is a blend of Southeast Asia and southeast Louisiana and the two together are blended with great skill. The wait staff are personable and very knowledgeable. Excellent find!Service was great. Nice menu but not for vegetarians. The 1-2 dishes that look vegetarian or they can make veg are made with fish sauce. The brandy milk punch is excellent. It's a small glass though filled with ice. The chaat salad is tasty. 
Worth a trip.Didn't have a great experience. Should have read the menu better before as there is coconut in about 65-75% of the dishes, even the ones that don't advertise coconut (like the pasta (!) dishes).The fried oyster breading and the sauce was tasty but a few of the oysters were huge, I'm not someone who wants to chew on an oyster for a long time. The crab jumbo didn't taste like jumbo and it was way overly salted. I love salt so this never bothers me but I needed to return it. I had to find something else on the menu without coconut as I was still hungry and didn't want a big piece of fish, so they told me they would do the acorn squash without the spiced coconut milk. Unfortunately it was bland without the spices.Very friendly and helpful staff. Loved the savory wasabi beignet amuse-bouche. Great cocktails. The mint gelato was a perfect finish. Particularly loved that the chef paid each table a visit, great touch! Those tiny caramels delivered with the check .
Would definitely go back.Amazing meal and gem of a restaurant-if you are a local and have not tired this place  it is a must.  The fusion of
Flavors were delectable and so well balanced. The cured lemon fish with fruits had bright flavors and well fused. The octopus fusilli was cooked just right and a tartness from tomatoes and spice- such  a great combination.  For dessert- yes dessert is a must - I almost didn't look at the menu after such a great dinner. The waitstaff suggested the coconut and dark chocolate with avocado ice cream - I was ready for seconds! The chef has done an amazing job of adding Asian flavors to local ingredients. I lived in Singapore for years and this reminded me how well Asian flair can be fused to make an incredible menu.Delicious food, fun concept, great location, exquisite decor, fabulous drinks!
We went to Maypop on opening day and the food was fantastic!  We ordered:
Appetizer: Fried P&J Oyster plate
Mid course:Oyster Buccatini 
Entrees: Pork Belly and Red beans, Duck Confit
The dishes were so nicely done, this chef never disappoints and this concept of Southeast Asian food with Southern soul is so refreshing.  The drinks were fantastic, the cocktail and beer list is great!  
Location is great in South Market District, easy to walk to or take the streetcar for a fun ride!
The service was great, we did not want or wait for anything!  So exciting to have such a great experience even on opening day when you'd usually except some kinks!I had really high hopes for this place from all of the reviews and pictures but was GREATLY DISAPPOINTED. We ordered mostly from the dim sum menu and shared a black ink pasta dish from the regular menu which did not taste good at all. 
The dim sum was sub par at best. No flavor and the soup dumplings stuck to the cabbage in the steamer basket so they broke apart before I could even eat it. 
The server severely messed up my order so instead of having 4 orders of shumai ...... we had 8 ORDERS!!! Four come in one order SO WE HAD 16 OF THEM along with a bunch of other steamer baskets full of the other dim sum dishes. When we told the server and he just said "oh, I thought you understood" I asked to speak with a manager but they avoided my table and kept us waiting so long that we ended up just paying and left. 
What made it worse was we came during Mother's Day so this ruined my mother and aunts special day too. 
With the horrendous service and bland so called "asian fusion" food offered to me, this will be the last time I came here. Never again.Ah tried this spot when I was in Nola. SUPER impressed.  Friend oysters, salad, the 2 seafood dishes and the chocolate cake for dessert.  Also had the spicy tequila drink which was awesome.  Def recommendAttention to detail and incredible blend of tastes in all 3 dishes I had. One of the best places I've been to in a whileTommy did a great job introducing the courses and discussing the intricacies of the flavorful food. A great experience in a comfortable, hip venue.Maypop is a great addition to the Paramount/South Market selection of restaurants.  It is definitely more upscale than its building-mates - with beautiful floor to ceiling glass windows and a cool industrial decor.  Service is swift, there is rarely a big wait (at least for lunch), and the cocktails are fun - if a little on the light and fruity side.  The menu is a wild mix of south-east asian/south asian/and Louisiana and quite upscale.  Lunch entrees in the $15-20 range means that is not super cheap.  The food is excellent though - fun and creative.  My particular favorites are the fried chicken vindaloo and the lamb roti.  The vindaloo is fried and served with little strawberry slivers and a tangy sauce.  The roti is an assemble yourself adventure with melt in your mouth lamb and a fried egg.  Dinner is a little more pricey and last time I was there I found myself wishing portions were a little more generous for the price.  That being said - if you are treating yourself - know that you can probably handle a starter for yourself.Great, unique food. Tried several different items and loved them all.Nice touch that an appetizer arrived on the house. One negative, the waiter does not write down orders and had some difficulty remembering. Write my order down!!! I waited on tables through graduate school and not writing down orders was a skill I developed. Until you develop that skill, write my order down!This place was a pleasant surprise.  Everything was delicious and the staff was so friendly. We found this place by chance and we're so happy we did.I was so impressed with the deliciousness of the Wok Fried To Le's Tofu in Dry Curry that I came back the next day for lunch and had it again! Go here. The food is really tasty and the dishes are unique. An overall excellent food experience.Maypop is so new that it wasn't very crowded the evening we went and after I tasted the food, I was VERY surprised more people aren't rushing to this amazing restaurant! We started with the Crispy Fried P&J Oysters, Bibb Lettuce Chaat Salad and Cured Speckled Trout. Artful presentation and an amazing explosion of flavors! Suffice it to say the whole meal was like this and they have outstanding cocktails! This place will be in the James Beard Annals before long so go there now before New Orleans really discovers this delightful gem.Best ever! New fond favorite. Great service. Food is memorable! Wish I had a restaurant like this nearer to meAmazing dining experience. If nothing else come so that you can have the delicious house made caramel you get when you pay! Also very close to the Hyatt if you're here for a conference like I was. 
They start you off with a small bite from the kitchen - mine was a beignet with a wasabi foam mayo. Such an interesting blend of flavors. 
The happy hour menu has steam buns. I ordered the shrimp and thought it was delicious but was told by the couple sitting next to me to order both because the chicken is even more flavorful. 
For a main be sure to try the tuna served over grits. Honestly I'd order this just for the charred okra served with it. Very tender tuna with a delicious blend of flavors. 
The service was amazing, and I went over happy hour and found the price to be very reasonable for the HIGH quality of food I got.Dim Sum Sundays!
We came for their Dim Sum Sundays served during lunch! I was quite taken on the interior design, very impressive. It wasn't too busy and we were seated immediately. If you never had dim sum, normally its served on carts of food pushed around and you can select what you like. However, this was a new take on dim sum. We tried just about everything on the "Dim Sum" menu.
Dim Sum
*Pork & Cane Syrup Sausage Stuffed Sesame Balls
*Salt & Pepper Shrimp with Roasted Chilies 
*Egg Battered Fried Shrimp & Pork Spring Rolls 
*Turnip Cakes in XO Sauce
*Octopus Shumai (highly recommend)
Dishes
*Charred Oyster Bucatini (recommend)
*Charred Lamb with Roti
Drinks
*Mimosa 
*Espresso Sua Da 
Cons - I was quite disappointed because most of it was fried... I was hoping for some meat wrapped in flour noodles or fresh sautéed veggies. So if you're looking for traditional dim sum this isn't it. Also, I'm vietnamese and "Sua Da" is our traditional coffee made with espresso & condensed milk - very strong and a tad sweet. We ordered two of them and were left completely disappointed - it was very watered down and flavorless, the opposite of what it should be. 
Pros - The Charred Oyster Bucatini, Octopus Shumai, and Turnip Cakes were extremely delicious! Don't be afraid of the Shumai, the octopus was tender and flavorful!
Overall, our server was knowledgable of the menu and very attentive. The atmosphere and service was exceptional. I would come back to try other dishes but not particularly for Dim Sum.I loved the food. The service was phenomenal. I went with a group of 3 other ladies, and we were taken care of by entire staff. Such an incredible experience. Do yourself a favor and get the oysters and the cardamom cake. Phenomenal!Wow.... not sure how to explain this place..... I didn't understand half of the things on the menu and our waiter was amazing to explain everything for us.  The food was so good and different it was truly a hidden secret.Maybe my tastebuds were off when I went here, but the food was a bit salty.
This is one of those places you will pay $18 for a small portion of food. Staff was friendly.
It's a modern take on Thai food and the restaurant is modern, full of hipsters and people in their 20's. 
It's a cool and hip place, but not if you are by yourself. Good date placeAbove and beyond this foodie's expectations.  The braised lamb was a flavor explosion, the dessert deconstructed, perfect sweetness.Michelin-level restaurant. Great service, inventive and amazingly well-executed food. Highly recommended.I wanted to try this restaurant because I consider myself to be an adventurous eater, and really love trying out new places. Unfortunately, Maypop didn't really pan out for me. The actual restaurant is beautiful, and the service was excellent, but the reason we came to the restaurant, the food, was underwhelming. My boyfriend and I came for Coolinary Week, which allowed you an appetizer, entree and dessert for $36 a person. Probably the only meal we both truly enjoyed was the salad, which was very good. After that, everything was either bland or just not tasty. Overall, I'm glad we tried it, but we won't be back.Five of us went here on a Saturday afternoon to celebrate my birthday. We started with several items from the Dim Sim menu to share with the table. Then everyone had their own entree. The dishes came out one at a time so we had a chance to savor each one. Everything was amazing from start to finish. The service was attentive and efficient. The place is beautifully designed making it the perfect place for a celebration. I highly recommend it, but go with a crowd do that you can try lots of different dishes.Had a really lovely valentines dinner at maypop last night. My cocktail was fantastic (the pom dot com). The squid ink fusilli was my favorite thing we ordered & I had not previously had good experiences with squid ink. It can be an intense flavor, but their paired it very well with crab meat & parmesan. 
Each dish that came to our table was well prepared and beautifully plated. Crispy P&J oysters, pompano, pork belly... my only regret is that I didn't have room for dessert. We may have over-ordered since the noodles are basically entree size. (Our waitress was very informative about plate size, etc. we just chose to ignore her). Overall it's a little pricey, but really well done. I could go back for just the cocktail and the fusilli and be very happy with a light (relatively inexpensive) meal.Located on O'Keefe, easy street parking. The atmosphere is very modern. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful!! They do have a happy hour. From the happy hour menu, i grabbed one of each buns for $3 and it was so worth it. They are each very flavorful. When our main courses came out, the portions seemed very small, however, it was the perfect amount to fill your tummy! The brisket was so tender and soft. I also got the squid fusilini which was AMAZING. Definitely coming back to try their other courses. BTW, complimentary beignets and chocolate?!! They're awesome.This place is fantastic. The flavors are Indian/Asian influenced and full of complexity. The service is top notch, the food gets to the table in a flash, and the presentation and  combinations are amazingly creative and complex. We stopped in just for a nosh and kept ordering dishes  because it was SO MUCH MORE than we expected.Everything is delicious. So much better than a lot of other fancy restaurants in town.Stopped into here because of reviews and that it was very close to hotel. Sat at the bar and had iced tea and lunch. 
Had Blue Crab Andouille gumbo to start. Was very tasty and had a very rushed, even sweet flavor. Would have licked the bowl if I could have gotten away with it. 
Had "Hot Chicken" Vindaloo as the entree. Menu said it was "very spicy". I have a high threshold for heat, but I would have to agree with their assessment. By the end of the meal it was getting a little warm in there, but it certainly was not too hot. The head did not overpower the flavor of the dish, it was really quite good. 
Staff was very friendly and attentive. Will definitely come back!Really fantastic food and not overwhelming portions. Service was great and the location is a nice step into the warehouse district and away from the French Quarter. Great stop on way back from Garden District.Being from Chicago, I'm not extremely impressed with much of the dinning options in New Orleans. This place is nicely decorated, and definately feels expensive, but I feel they make up for the lack of anything outstanding from the kitchen with the decoration.
I gave it a good review because my expectations were not that high to begin with. However... the service was very good. The waitress was well educated with the menu and was on top of anything we needed.
It's a nice place to visit once...Just the best thing ever...wow wow wow. So unexpected and very pleasantly surprised. I eat out often and am always looking for great places. Food here is magical. Wine should be better however for the quality of food they serve. Amazing place, absolutely recommendLove this Restaurant! I have been for dim sum and lunch and its delicious. I love how Chef Michael Gullotta' executes his vision thru his skill set of technique combined with fresh ingredients and unique combinations of flavor profiles. We had the Crispy Fried P&J Oysters, Bibb Lettuce Bibb Chaat, and some new Dumpling Dish just added to the menu.  The hostess and servers were great as well. Can't wait to go back!Sean was our server, he was absolutely amazing. The food was incredible and I couldn't be happier with my visit , thank you so much .After spending all day at the museum, this place was open at 4 and only a 13 minute walk away. It was amazing, we ordered all the food off the happy hour menu and it didn't disappoint! We ordered THREE orders of the marinated cucumbers... They were that good. The steamed baos were both amazing :)1st time to the establishment, and before a Saints home game! Cafe Sua Da with Hoodoo Chickory Liquer was Ah-Mazing! We decided to do some of the dim-sum plates to try....which included the Crab Toast, Lamb Dumplings, Turnip Cakes with XO Sauce, and Pork and sweet sausage sesame balls. I believe I just listed them in order of how I like them, LOL!I'm in town for a conference and wanted to find a great inventive delicious accessible lunch option during a long break. Mission accomplished. The staff was so welcoming and the food was just delightful. I'm only here for 3 days but this will not be my only meal here.I've never had such friendly and wholesome customer service in my life. Such a green, earthy, chill atmosphere. The server was even nice enough to personally write down recommendations for places/fun to do in New Orleans since we are from out of town! So sweet, would 10000% come back and recommendI took my husband here for his birthday, and we had a great meal. The server was great, the place is lovely and the food is delicious. We got one appetizer (escargot with bone marrow), two pasta small plates (hand pulled noodles and pork noodles), one entree (veal) and one dessert (chocolate cake). The appetizer was delicious- full of flavor. Both pastas were delicious as well. The hand pulled noodles were the best out of all the things we ate. The veal breast was the weakest part of the meal- it was just okay. The chocolate cake was very flavorful. I would definitely come back!Small plates are fabulous!  Everything was rally good.  Pan fried. Oodles with shrimp, amazing!  Cocktails were awesome...try their version of the the sazerac.The food here is a taste sensation!  The flavor combinations and fresh ingredients are sublime. 
Our server, Kayla, was delightful and helpful.  What a great way to spend a birthday.  We are going back today for Dim Sum!Awesome service and the Asian infused flavors have WOW factor! Pleasant fun atmosphere!Trendy atmosphere and very unique dishes. I had the Wok Fried Egg Noodle with Jumbo Shrimp which I really enjoyed (very flavorful, loved the curry sauce and field peas) and my boyfriend got the Lamb with Roti which was delicious as well. Also both glasses of wine suggested by the waiter were both excellent. Can't wait to go back and try more of Maypop's interesting dishes!Food ok not great...definitely order the gumbo b/c it's probably the best item on their menu. Don't recommend Happy Hour unless you just want slightly discounted drinks. The restaurant's decor is dark, modern and updated. Service was ok. The noodle dishes were unique, but for )$15-17 a pop, you would think the proportions would be a little larger. Overall, ok place don't know if I would return again, but would probably come back to try their Sat/Sun dim sum.A must try in NOLA. It's different than anything else you will have in the city. You can tell that a lot of thought and effort went into creating the menu. It's still evolving. Each dish is like a piece of art visually and taste wise. I recommend the fried oysters and red snapper. Great ambiance and friendly service. I highly recommend this restaurant.I loved Maypop the first time I went for lunch. The flavors are awesome and unique. I went for dinner this week and flavors were there, but I had two shrimp in my pasta. I understand the dymamics of trying to survive as a new restaurant, but unfortunately you have to keep your repeat customers, the quality and quantity of the food. This is NOLA. We can get a pound of shrimp for $6.00. We will help by bringing more patrons. Don't forfeit quality. I brought out of town guests and I was disappointed.Visited Maypop for a lovely dinner in August and the memory of the meal still lingers..in fact I want to go back soon! Hubby and I shared starters of chaat salad and chilled melon soup - both were delicious and full of flavors and textures that complemented each other. We also shared the wok fried egg noodles with shrimp (amazing!) And the chicken vindaloo, which was even better than the Mopho vindaloo, which I didn't know was possible! We were full but unable to resist two gorgeous desserts - one was a peach sorbet with a brûlée and the other was a tart with a gingersnap crust and a five spice meringue.......off the charts, both of them! We'll be back soon Chef Gulotta...Stopped by this restaurant for a quick dinner in New Orleans . We ordered the sesame rolls, Bibb lettuce salad, noodles with blue crab & sausage, and curry octopus pasta. 
Our waiter was very attentive and polite, we do not eat dairy and right from the start he made sure to write that on his orders sheet. Brought us Thai teas with coconut milk, they were a bit heavy but tasted semisweet and cool. Then we got a complimentary mini appetizer with dried nori and an interesting cream on top. The waiter split our salad portion in to two separate plates, which was highly appreciated. One salad is enough for two people. It was full of flavors, the curried cashews along with the wonton added a light touch of spiciness and crunchiness. The salad was sweet and refreshing. 
The octopus pasta was perfection! The creamy pasta was rich with coconut cream, while the octopus was very moist and tasted like grilled chicken. The added cherry tomatoes, basil and dill added lots of flavor. 
The blue crab and sausage noodles were mildly spicy and sweet. There was a lot of crab and sausage on the noodles. 
While all the portions were decently sized and slightly smaller than usual- the dishes had lots of the listed protein! Everything was very filling. 
Our waiter brought us a complimentary dessert, a cucumber cooler, which was sweet and fresh. 
Overall, the service was top notch, the food was delicious and the added complimentary mini dishes made our night extra special. We'll definitely comeback to this sweet spot.This place is sooooo good. My girlfriends and I went here after participating in a half marathon. It was near the dome, so we just walked over. Not far at all. The food dishes are very unique with respect to flavor combinations. Like, who puts fish sauce, yogurt, coconut cream, and curry all together? Lol!  I don't even consider myself a foodie, but if I was, this place would be at the top of my referral list!  The food was well seasoned, not spicy, served at a good temperature, and came out pretty quickly.  If you're looking for large portions, I would not recommend this place, but if you like good food with good flavor, that is a step away from the traditional NOLA-style food, I highly recommend it.One of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans.  All the menu items are unique and built from scratch.  Nothing tastes like it is made with those ubiquitous food service prepackaged ingredients that sneak into so many restaurant dishes. For food made with this much labor and love, the prices are very reasonable, and if you order the right dish, it is also very filling.  The bread is amazing, and all the entrees are fascinating and enjoyable.  I have heard great things about the desserts too, but I'm always so full and don't have room.Ordered the ravigotte without realizing it had something I was allergic to in it (my fault should've asked). Sent back to the kitchen without even touching it and was still charged even though they placed it back in the food line to serve to someone else basically making double the money on one item. Since this is an open kitchen, we witnessed all of it. Normally happy hour is great but this trip was extremely disappointing. Will not return, better Patrice's and good available elsewhere.Wonderful dinning experience.  Food was delicious and adventurous.  Service was top notch.  Will be back!Tried this for dinner and really enjoyed the ambiance and the oyster appetizer.  My friend had the duck confit and also really liked it. Cool new place to check out.Nice atmosphere. Food was good not large portioned like the rest of the city. Only reason to give a 3 instead of a 4 was the wine pour looked like a 4 oz instead of a full glass. Service was good. Good recommendations.Went for Happy Hour yesterday. Prices were great! Thai margarita was delicious, a little heat and smooth. My favorite 'snack' that we had was the steamed buns, so flavorful and the ingredients were fresh! 
I asked for a coffee with a kick and I was pleasantly surprised to be brought a latte with whiskey and a walnut liquor. It was phenomenal.
Thanks for a great HH! 
We will definitely be back!What a gem! We went for the dim sum brunch as the bf and I are big fans of that style. Wait staff was attentive but not in your face. Everything we ate had a bit of a twist and I loved it. My favorites were the sesame beignets, octopus shumai, and hand pulled noodles, the latter of which reminded me of the delicious noodles at X'ian famous foods in NYC.Best service you could ever experience in the price range!! The menu is innovative but the food is too oily and a little salty. Great ideas on free appetizer and free dessert.Pros:
Fresh environs
Strong flavor profiles
Tasty amuse bouche (can I get an order of this? Yummy!)
Nice flavor housemade truffle presented with bill (although a bit gelatinous.)
The lamb dish another diner ordered smelled divine
Cons
14$ for a smallish/thin piece of toast with crawfish - while a great balance of flavors the crawfish were over-powered and the serving, literally 4 small bites; - not worth the $14 perhaps 9 or even 10 but NOT $14 bucks.
The chicken Vindaloo was so so. Again, small portion, over flavored, and just meh.
i won't be back.Had Swordfish last night Not impressed, Bangkok Mule was awesome and Mike Bartender/Server was pretty cool too.
People have a lot of pictures posted of pretty diverse stuff that I wanted to try but none was on the dinner menu or lunch menu anymore.
Look up latest menu before you go, I liked the daring menu of past,  looks like they opted for safe boring one what a shame.I love their food, better than expected. We ordered 4 dishes. Wok fried noodle with jumbo shrimp, it is my favorite dish. The noodle was so good, housemade, matched perfectly with the curry sauce. The shrimp is so fresh. Hand pulled noodle with pork sausage, I found it was a little bit too salty. Rye cavatelli pasta with peaches, plums and hams which is the only non spicy dish, very delicious. The last dish was the fried oyster, cooked perfect. All of the dishes were so good. I wish there were more noodles. Their noodle is must have. This is one of my favourite restaurant in New Orleans.Flavorful experience! Walked in for lunch and was pleasantly surprised. Asian southern fusion brought the Chinese, Indian, NOLA, Korean flavors together into some great dishes. We ordered the whole dim sum menu which was really good. Highlights were the calamari, octopus shumai, and dumplings. Also, we had to order the gumbo. It was fantastic IMO as the base had deep flavors and kept reminding of a mole sauce. Highly recommended to the adventurous fusion seeker!Adults, gourmands, gourmets,  ignore the low-star reviews of our young compatriots. They lack the experience required for culinary discernment at the level presented by Maypop. I make no specific recommendations because you need none.  The creations here are of the highest order and challenge as much as surprise the palate in delightful and satisfying ways. Do try dishes from each menu course, I insist. Tell your server what you like and let them choose the dishes that will best suit your palate. The slim wine list is painstakingly presented to match a menu that would challenge any sommelier. Choose what you like(forget the "Big Cab", it's there for the power lunch crowd), and enjoy. Do not neglect dessert. Choose the challenging, confounding ones, they reward at the same level as the mains. From whence does my confidence and knowledge come, you ask? I dined upon and was taught the menu backward and forward five days a week in the restaurant's early days. Bon appétit!Not sure why I waited so long to try this restaurant. Everything was perfect! The service was great. She was attentive and thoughtful for having our meals split without us asking. 
We started off with the crispy oysters, which were plump and delicious, and bone marrow with curry. For entrees, we had the noodles with blue crab and pork sausage, and a crispy red snapper. All were delicious but the crispy oysters were my favorite. They even served us a sea salt caramel dessert at the end. I'll have to come back on the weekend to try their dim sum menu since I've heard great things about it. 
The portions are small and pricey but the taste and presentation of each dish makes it worth it. We enjoyed it all!My friends and I enjoyed the service, atmosphere, and absolutely delicious food! I got the octopus pasta and it was out of this world!! I will be dreaming about this food for a while now :)Fancy presentation of Asian-ish food. Tartine appetizer was very tasty.  Shrimp bun looked unusual with a black sauce but was a delicious few bites. 
Panéed pork chop was less flavorful than the eggplant purée it was served next to but absolutely edible: More grandma-home-cooked than restaurant. 
Maypop pie was sweet and spicy, delicious crust, very special.  
My server was a bit over the top with an annoying, condescending attitude as my few questions about the dishes were answered.Good lunch spot in the New Orleans business district. 
Ordered the lamb curry and loved it! The naan/bread that came with it was some of the best! Warm, toasty and not too crisp. 
Curry was so good and not spicy which I typically like spicy curry but I preferred this curry.Maypop was a good overall experience. The plates were nicely presented and tasted good. The donuts were fabulous.Extremely outstanding food and service. Everything from the cocktails to the dinner menu has thought and heart. Highly recommend.Wow.. flavor explosion 4.5 stars.  Could not find anything that could be improved. Very talented chef. This place is a keeper.Went back to Maypop last night to take some friemds from out of town. Again our servrr was very attentive and knowledgeable. Since eating there last month several Items on the menu, since the menu is relatively small it is good to see changes based on whats available. I had the pork belly, which was served sliced fairly thin with blueberries and corn, sounds strange but works. My wife had the soft shell crab that was excellent. Everything we had was well prepared witj layers of flavor. One of the best places for a meal in NOLA.We had the P&n Oysters, charged oyster bucatini, and the brisket. Everything was amazing. This restaurant is very elegantly simple. And the food is simply amazing.Love this place! The service and food are amazing. Decor and food presentation are on point. It's the kind of food that makes you do a happy dance..you know what I'm talkin' about! Our favorite dish and star of the show: CHARRED OYSTER BUCATINI! One of the best pastas I've ever had. Thank you Maypop, you've got fans all the way from San Diego. Can't wait to come back.Fantastically chic ambiance. Super friendly staff. Impeccably artful dishes bursting with flavor beautifully arranged. I am so happy I followed the 5 star reviews to this amazing gem. Loved the P&J Oysters!The food was amazing! Had the beef brisket I was obsessed!!! The dessert was equally ridiculous!!! The beignets were phenomenal!!  The only thing I would suggest is the seating along the beautiful wall not be so congested because the waitresses butt was 1/4 inches away from hitting my husband face every time!!! We laughed about it but we would have liked to be a little further away from the other guests.What wonderful food! We tried five different items, and every bite was perfect. The menu changes regularly, but we had chaat salad, crab noodles, shrimp noodles, some fish, all with a subtle Asian twist. We struck up a conversation with someone next to us at the bar, and he had eaten here six days in a row (he was in town on business from the west coast). The chef takes the time to make sure all is well. A meal you won't forget.I came to Maypop on a great recommendation from a friend that lives in the neighborhood. In all my trips to NOLA I've rarely ventured past the French Quarter so I really spent this trip outside of it. I started my dinner with a Mule cocktail that was so good I had to have a second one. We shared the bread service which was good but not fantastic I liked the toppings more than the bread itself but it was a good start. For my entree I had the goat cheese agnolotti which was so good I could have licked the plate. The restaurant is trendy and relaxing. At the end of our meal we realized we were the only ones left in the restaurant but it didn't seem like we had been there that long. I would love to come back when I'm in NOLA again and try some more dishes!Amazing. Period. Appetizer, entree, dessert, all a fusion of tastes that comforted the soul. Wine sublime. Worth every penny. Next trip to New Orleans we will be returning.This was our second time at Maypop and it was just as exceptional this time. We were there for lunch this time; last time was for dinner. We are fans of Chef Mike since his days at August and have loved watching him take off on his own with MoPho and his other enterprises around town (Tana and Rum and the Lash). Maypop is physically a beautiful place to experience his work. We had the crawfish appetizer, my wife had the pompano, and I had the wok noodles. Everything was just great and full of those delicate layers of flavors we've come to expect from him. Service was solid--attentive and helpful but not overbearing. Can't wait to get back.What an amazing journey, a bit short since we are trying to cut down on our portions. 
We were 4 and shared 2 appetizers  (OMG the oysters!!!!) These fried oysters were perfect, all of them and every part of the dish....every detail was fabulous. The noodles with ink sauce and crab, lots of by the way was fantastic  (urghh..that word...but it was!)
We ordered the pork belly, again perfect, all impeccable and pompano , every bite was glorious. We had a rose wine from Spain which I lament didn't write down the name and today I couldn't find it at my favorite wine cellar...bummer, I need to go back, please twist my arm. Oh....they offer at the end the caramels coated with chocolate delicious and Sundays they do dim sum which I will try for sure.Incredible flavors that are unique and exquisite. Inventive combinations. Everything was perfect but flounder app and short ribs were the highlights for me.Good lunch spot in the New Orleans business district. 
Ordered the lamb curry and loved it! The naan/bread that came with it was some of the best! Warm, toasty and not too crisp. 
Curry was so good and not spicy which I typically like spicy curry but I preferred this curry.I had such a memorable lunch here... I can't believe It wasn't more crowded considering how insane the food was and how reasonable the prices were. Ugh. I can't wait to get back to New Orleans and bring Jon here. 
The atmosphere is bright and modern and airy and breezy. You could probably describe the food and drinks that way as well. We started with the gluten free fried oysters, which were so outstanding! You get six of them and they're perfectly breaded and fried, paired with beautiful crunchy radishes and a beautiful coconut based sauce. It was nuts. Order 2 servings! We also had the acorn squash appetizer -- mashed squash with house cured coppa and pepitas, served with a roti bread (gorgeous but gluten) and lettuce cups. It was sweet and salty and perfect. Sooooooo good. 
For my entree I had the pork belly with grits with a sort of coconut curry sauce. It was beautiful and super-rich. Please try It!!
Lovely cocktail menu and wine list as well. And seriously great prices for such wonderful flavor and delicate presentation. Everything feels really special. The chef even brought us a little dessert sampler of house made caramels dusted in cocoa and espresso. I fell in love with every dish!We stopped in to this restaurant solely based on its proximity to the venue where Grizzly Bear was playing, yeah I just name dropped.  I honestly don't remember what I had because it was months ago but I can assure you I loved it.  That I remember.  Yeah, I was probably a tiny bit drunk because of the pre-gaming, but don't judge.  The meal was good, go here.I know New Orleans is famous for its classic Cajun cuisine but if you're looking for something a little different "wok" on down to Maypop for this delicious bowl of awesomeness. Wok fried egg noodle w/ jumbo shrimp, turmeric curry and field pea saladForced myself to stray from my favorite NOLA restaurant (Coquette in uptown)to try Maypop, and I am so happy I did. Dishes we tried- goat cheese agnolotti, red snapper, and soft shell crab. I enjoyed every bite I had and trust that every item on the menu is just as good! I love that they have a seasonal menu that embraces seasonal ingredients and makes for a unique experience every visit. 
Priced at approx. $60+ per head definitely makes for a "treat yourself" meal to me and it was worth every penny. Years ago, the first time I visited Nola for a bachelorette party, our "nice" dinner was at a place in the quarter that was so mediocre and so expensive. Don't do that, come here instead!! Nola has so much more to offer and so many great chef inspired restaurants! This is a place that I will recommend and try to visit again in the future! 
The only less than positive thing that I noticed was bar seating. The chairs are cute, but creaky and wobbly to the point that leaning past midway back is uncomfortable.If you are in New Orleans, you need to visit this restaurant. Very unique pairings that compliment each other. The menu always changes so it's not fair to list everything I had because it will be different during your visit. I did have the special, which was lamb. It was the best lamb I have had in a restaurant. Incredible! 
Do your tastebuds a favor and go. You will not be disappointed.Honestly, more 4.5! This place was fantastic. We had 2 appetizers, the delicious noodle salad was upstaged by the fried oysters. We typically like them raw but these were a game changer. The entrees we equally impressive, the squid ink pasta was amazing.Dim Sum was outstanding!
We tried everything on the Dim Sum menu and it was one after another glorious flavor pop after another. The Octopus Dumpling was the standout of that is possible.
Room,Staff,Food all Topz! 
A place for people that love flavor and textureFrom the smallest of appetizers to the little free donuts their food was bursting with unique and appealing flavors. I ordered a pb&j oysters appetizer and wife had crayfish salad with a variety of garnishes.
I  just had water wife had a beer.  Total cost with tip $50. But that's not a complaint. Totally worth it.  A unique dining experience and one of my best dining experiences ever.We went here for my birthday dinner. The restaurant was great at accommodating special diets and handled 13 guests beautifully. Everyone really enjoyed the food and the drinks were amazing and imaginative.  The chocolate espresso cubes at the end were to die for!One of the best meals I've ever had. Everything comes artfully plated. The staff went out of their way to accommodate my allergies. I had the crispy redfish. It was perfectly cooked and just simply delicious. This place I absolutely loved, however if you have anyone in your group likes simple food, a meat and potatoes person, this is not the place for them. Everything is special and has unique ingredients.The Vindaloo wings (happy hour menu) were outstanding! The coconut ranch sauce was terrific, I wish they would make it into a soup! Even though it was a condiment, I was eating it with a spoon!
Lamian noodles were okay. Not sure if maybe I was just full from the wings, but I wasn't that enthused about them.
Sweet corn panna cotta was tasty, texture was perfect. Portion was way too small . I didn't like the fry bread on top.
Tasted a friends Maypop pie, the crust was amazing - rich and crunchy. 
I didn't try the buns but will next time.Love how they didn't skimp on the portions. We didn't even need entrees, appetizers were so filling. They could have easily made smaller portions for the same price but because of this we will be coming back again and again. Good business!This is interesting place, the service is very good! I ordered mapo tofu noodle and lamb dishes, the coconut lamb was very good, recommended, the noodle was tasty but too salty, only a few pieces noodles which $15, a little pricey!I came to dinner at Maypop with a few friends prior to going out to a show. The service was excellent and the food delicious. We skipped the appetizers since we were short on time so we were a little disappointed at the size of the entrees, They are small for this city! But the quality made up for it. I had the crispy curried pompano and it was excellent. My friends also enjoyed their plates.The lamb dish I had was one of the best lamb dishes I've ever had. The p&j oysters are refreshingly delicious. Not a bad item on the menu. Not a single ordinary item on the menu either. Each dish is a well executed spin off/ fusion of something familiar. Every plate that came from the kitchen looked awesome. Kitchen is very open creating a welcoming atmosphere. Very modern and comfortable decor. Awesome dry age meat on display in the center of the joint. Best part: outward opening doors on the bathrooms! These guys get itMaypop is very accommodating if you are Gluten Free!  I rarely get to eat fried foods due to the flour or the oil contaminated with gluten. They said oh yes we can fry you GF oysters and fry them in their own oil! I love not being in FOOD PRISON! I really appreciate this and will be returning! The food and service was also excellent! IEverything was absolutely amazing: the food, service, and atmosphere. A friend recommended this and since it was walking distance from our hotel, we decided to try it out. Every course was so delicious, from the Thai coconut curry beignets, to the escargot, to the noodles, to the salted carmels. The noodles are homemade. I would definitely make an effort to come back here next time in town.Food was great, fried oysters and beef brisket are a must and presentation from the chefs is top dollar. Atmosphere was a bit bleak and felt a bit looked over by the staff waiting by the side, probably because it was a Sunday. Would return another night, when they have specials on there menu to change it up.I love the creativity of the menu. Some things just missed flavor wise. Had pulled noodles were good but you couldn't taste the small amount of crab in the dish. With some adjustments this place could be spectacular. Service was excellent. They have a large cooler near the bar displaying the aging meats but no charcuterie platter.Maypop is amazing! Everything I ate and drank was fantastic. I had the Thai margarita, cream cheese & pepper jelly bread, capellini pasta, and the chocolate pate dessert. It is easily now one of my favorite restaurants. Hana was a great server too.Not your typical NOLA fare. Food was excellent and the waiter very attentive and knowledgeable about the wine selections. Highly recommend you give it a try. The lamb dish I had was excellent.This place is amazing! Highly recommend. The food, atmosphere and the service where outstanding. Prices are very reasonable.My date and I shared 2 small plates and 2 entres and we where pretty satisfied with the amount of food. We had the salad, so refreshing and the tartine was spectacular. We also had the soft shell crab which I think was the highlight of our dinner. I can't wait to go back any try all the others.Loved it! Pleasantly surprised. Amazing fusion of creole and Asian flavors!  Got my fried oyster fix, the hand pulled noodles and sword fish were incredible.This is a new restaurant that delivers in every way amazing service with the most attentive and knowledgeable waiter- amazing concoctions of flavors and fabulous  presentation. A delight for your tastebuds.Excellent experience.  New restaurants often disappoint, and it seems that even old favorites satisfy less, as prices keep rising.  But last night, we (four of us) were all glad that we chose Maypop.  It's a fusion concept that works splendidly.  Each dish was specific to Maypop, and each one that we ordered featured clear flavors and contrasts, without being muddled.  Apps and entrees were equally well executed.  Prices were okay; not a bargain, but relatively moderate.  The wine list is short but quite well matched to the menu.  Again, not a bargain, but less over-priced than many NOLA wine lists.  Of course, that's a low bar.First time I've ever had Italian and Asian fusion food. And first time I was not impressed. They served a wasabi beignet for amuse and I was not impressed. It was very bitter and dry. Oysters weren't flavorful but I found two mini pearls in my oysters. The squid ink pasta was okay. I was very disappointed about how many shrimp they give. Two pieces of shrimp cut in halves...overall I would not come backDrinks weren't the only thing on the menu during our weekend at Tales of the Cocktail in New Orleans - there was plenty of good eating also to be had. To help us soak up the libations from the night before, we headed to Maypop's much buzzed about dim sum brunch.
Maypop, which is home to Food & Wine 2016 "Best New Chef" Michael Gulotta, is located in downtown's South Market District, and features a unique menu of elevated, Southern-influenced Southeast Asian cuisine. For the brunch menu, Gulotta and Chef de Cuisine Nick Stackeni created an array of non-traditional dim sum offerings showcasing different styles, ingredients and flavor profiles.
We started our meal with Savory Curry Beignets with wasabi & lime leaf powder before diving into the dim sum. Other traditional dim sum style items included the Spicy Bone Marrow Broth serve in a quart container, pan-fried Turnip Cakes served with housemade XO sauce, Octopus Shumai made with housemade octopus sausage stuffed dumplings topped with chili oil and spicy mustard, and Bacon Scallion Pancakes made with a small amount of grits for extra texture and served with a spicy cucumber kimchi and oyster salad.
While there were plenty of choice from the menu our highlights certainly were the pork and cane syrup sausage stuffed Sesame Balls, that are a savory play on the traditional Vietnamese dessert bánh rán and are both crunchy and chewy with a flavor that resembles pancakes and sausage. The Oxtail Dumplings were also a standout made with beef jus and turnip kimchi, and those looking for southern brunch fare the Crabmeat Toast can't be missed. It's made with warm crab and asparagus salad tossed in a green garlic vinaigrette, served on thick cut housemade bread and topped with a spicy roasted garlic and coconut oil hollandaise.
It's New Orleans so you must have a drink (or several) with your meal. Our favorite drinks were the Vindaloo Bloody Mary made with spicy curry and clove flavor; the Espresso Sua Da with hoodoo chickory liqueur - a powerful pick-me-up and Maypop's twist on a Vietnamese iced coffee - and the Maypop Java Freeze with frozen Mount Gay silver and eclipse rums, passion fruit, coffee and whipped cream.Staff really good, inside neat and clean, decorated new. Each beautiful dish tasted well first, then~ so so, finally question came to feeling, why they add almost everything in, three dished we ordered tasted same at end. Well, still give them 4 star, at least pleasant, fresh. By the way, I have to be honest, the Bloody Mary taste not worth 10 dollarsVery delicious, which is of no surprise from this team. Definitely refreshing to see interesting food in this area. Will be a great spot for a pre-Civic meal.
I'd dial it back just one notch for lunch, though - you're downtown, know the area. Take the chicken vindaloo for example: place it on white rice in a bowl & knock it down to $12 (from $16) and you'll have a line around the block.Takes forever to get your food. It's good.  But be prepared to wait... a long time. Also portions are super small. What they say is a meal, is a taste.We went to the amazing Maypop tonight!  The ambience is aesthetically pleasing with beautiful lighting and a calm, serene atmosphere.  Our server was very attentive and gave excellent recommendations.  We started with the Bibb lettuce appetizer which had a delicious green tomato relish.  My husband had the capellini pasta with chick peas and I had a seafood dish with clams, and jumbo shrimp with a delicious saffron curry sauce.  Everything was seasoned perfectly and the Asian Indian spices were like nothing we have ever had.  I also had a Mekong Collins with a grapefruit flavor that was so good. We finished with the Maypop Pie that had a gingersnap crust and meringue topping which was SO good! They brought us a little beignet appetizer as a courtesy as well as little chocolate at the end with the bill.  If you want amazing taste and spice with great service and ambience, you will love this place.Just go and see for yourself. One of the best meals I've ever had. New Orleans has so many great restaurants but not as many cutting edge type places. This was different and so unique. I expect meals like this in NYC, SF, etc. I'll be back for sure.I have to say that the service here was excellent. Our waitress was not only friendly, but very attentive. The hostess was also very knowledgeable and helpful. 
If you go to Maypop, it's imperative that you order the Oxtail dumplings. They are out of this world delicious. I should have ordered at least another serving, but there was more to try on the menu. 
I have to say that I was a little disappointed in the salt and pepper shrimp. I didn't find much flavor in this dish. It actually didn't like the way the dish was prepared which was fried. 
The pork and cane syrup sausage stuffed sesame balls were tasty! I loved the chili oil. It was a great pairing with the sesame balls. 
I also tried the wok fried egg noodle with jumbo shrimp and field pea salad. The noodles were tossed in a turmeric curry. 
I thought the noodles in some places were burnt or hard. It just wasn't what I accepted. I would have rather rice over the noodles.Wonderful Asian Fusion.  Four people, 4 Different meals--All wonderful.  Great staff as well.Maypop is trying to be different, putting their creative spin on New Orleans cuisine using Southeast Asian condiments but each dish that we had, lacked balance and just didn't work.
NOODLES: RED BEAN CALAMARATA $18
andouille bolognese, bitter greens, Pickled Feta, Black Forest style cured pork jowl
The hearty meat sauce was way too over-powering (not in a good way) to the extent that even though it was on top of a bed of paccheri pasta, you almost needed a huge bowl of white rice to help balance the sauce. I don't know what they used in the sauce but I would liken it over-doing a sauce with too much soy sauce, hoisin sauce, fermented black beans. This dish was very disappointing.
WOK FRIED BEEF BRISKET in DRY CURRY $32
roasted cauliflower, kumquat, cashew
This dish was different. The waitress said it had 3 different types of garlic (regular garden variety, green garlic and black garlic) - I couldn't really taste any "garlic" profiles though - perhaps when cooked or sauced, it lost its potency? There were exactly 2 small cubes of brisket, both fried such that the exterior was crispy like bacon (interesting twist) but the interior meat itself didn't have any flavor to speak of (no marinating, no hearty braising flavors, just PLAIN). Where was the dry curry flavors? For this price point, this dish was NOT worth it!My hubs and I had dinner at Maypop with a couple of friends this week and enjoyed our time.
The service was spot on. The wait staff was helpful, EXTREMELY knowledgeable about every menu item, super attentive and very hip.
We enjoyed some tasty cocktails - and our server was spot on when it came to helping us choose a bottle of wine that would satisfy all of our tastes.  We also ordered a couple of appetizers.  We had the Crispy Fried P & J Oysters, and they were stellar.  The oysters were perfectly fried and the sauce was amazing.  I can't forget the manchego on top - It is one of my favorite cheeses.  
I had the sweetbreads as my entrée, and they were delicious!  My husband had a crab and smoked sausage pasta and it was just as good.  A little on the spicy side, but that's what a cocktail menu is for.  A little Pom Dot Com (such a refreshing cocktail - gin based) took the burn away lickity split.
I would give Maypop 5 stars, but I find the portions small for the price.  I'm sure I'll return, but probably for lunch rather than dinner.Luckily heard about this restaurant on our last night in New Orleans. What an amazing meal. Pork trotter and winter squash tarte, cured gulf flounder, charred oyster bucatini, crispy skinned pompano in ruby red grapefruit curry and duck confit crepinette in black roux hoisin. We were personally waited on by Kristen, the general manager, and she thoughtfully selected our entire meal. The dark chocolate cardamom cake with white espresso gelato was a lovely finish. Santana, our sub waiter, was charming , T-age the hostess was stunningly beautiful and friendly, and one of the owners, Jeff, thanked us for coming in. It's understandable that the chef was selected as one of Food and Wine's finest in America. This was the very best meal of our visit. Congratulations Chef Gulotta!Went here for Sunday brunch with some friends while I was in New Orleans before a work trip. We sat at the bar and shared all but two items from the dim sum brunch menu, and they were all delicious! I especially liked the octopus shumai and the roasted eggplant and watermelon salad. I also highly recommend the fresh fruit cava cocktails. Our bartender was an absolute gem and provided us with fast, friendly, and entertaining service. Can't wait to go back to this place the next time I'm in town!I went here for a private event and got to try more of the menu and found a few favorites. The lamian noodles are really good and they had a delicious take on peaches and cream for dessert. They also had a great take on a tom collins with gin and grapefruit juice. Didn't much care for the appetizer/entree. I think the chef/owner is trying really hard to do something unique here - it's just not exactly a fit for my palate. I guarantee you won't taste anything like this menu anywhere else - that is both a compliment and a warning.One of the most excellent dining experiences I've had to date. The service was excellent; the food was beyond exceptional. Entrees were served relatively quickly despite a packed house. The restaurant also sent out a complimentary appetizer as well as dessert. I would recommend Maypop to anyone that enjoys good food! Will return!First time here.  And we ate our way thru the place.  The food is as great as you read and hear.
Bar is amazing and has a variety of cocktails.  We sampled 5 different plates of food, Tapas style and all were tasty, fresh and so enjoyable. 
This is a gem of a place...This place was nothing short of amazing! We had a great waiter named James who was very familiar with the menu and helped navigate my order around my shellfish allergy! I couldn't be more thankful being a local and having someone help accommodate my medical needs in such a limited menu. Y'all made my day! Thank you again!I am new to New Orleans - visiting for vacation. Originally from SF. This is the best food I have had in a long time. Tofu and chicken vindaloo are my fav dishes. Dark chocolate ice cream and mule are awesome. Good luck to you guys. You have to come to SFDoes not deserve the hype, the owners of this restaurant also own Mopho, which is significantly cheaper and with better fare. We got the bass and the fried pork and neither was particularly good, although the fried oyster appetizer was excellent. Probably will not be backMy favorite restaurant in New Orleans. Bold Asian fusion with a touch of southern cuisine. Plus very nice service and great happy hour price!This was my first visit to New Orleans and I was eager to try all the great hot spots in town. I learned about Maypop through my client, they had a company dinner there so I knew I had to give it a try. 
LOCATION: Maypop is located on a street with up and coming locals. We only found paid street parking but I can only imagine how tough it might be to find parking when it's really busy. We came towards the end of the day on a Saturday. The inside of the restaurant is very nice! The space is very open with glass walls! 
SERVICE: The servers here really know their menu. They describe the specials to you like a work of art. We asked our server several questions about the menu and she was very knowledgeable (KUDOS TO YOU!). 
FOOD: Impressive! This place claims they're Asian-fusion. I really wanted to order dumplings but they're only offered during their Sunday brunch, womp womp. I was sort of disappointed about that. They have something on their menu that's like ramen but it was more like a pasta, still good though. 
Will I come back here? Yeah, if I'm back in NoLa!Amazing meal! I've been looking forward to eating here as MoPho is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. The ingredients are of the highest quality and the flavors are nothing to be matched. I had the Red Bean Pacherri which our waitress explained as a dish for the adventurous and I was immediately all in. We dined with some colleagues from Dallas and they did not stop raving about every bite they took. Can't wait to go back!This place right here is top 5 all time for yours truly. Occupying a handsome corner in a chiller district of New Orleans Maypop exceeds expectations on all fronts. Service is crisp, unintrusive, knowledgeable and fun. The decor is sleek and whimsical with a nice open kitchen occupying one corner. 
 First off- don't be a sucker- get the bread service. I say this because it comes with this crazy shrimp jelly that has to be tried to believe. Just so bomb.
 P and J oysters were a delightful starter- perfectly fried, plump, and garnished superbly. 
 (Garnishes in general here are one of the stars. NOTHING on the plate is superfluous- they pickle, cure and masserate the smallest of details so that when everything is put together the dishes truly sing.)
 Smoked duck was a worthy entree. The duck was a bit on the salty side but was balanced with the acid on the plate. When all eaten together- again- splendid.
 Lamien noodles are a house specialty and should not be missed. Unctuous, wild flavor combinations and genius with the addition of shiso leaves. 
 Dessert was an elegant cheesecake plated like a work of art. 
 Great wine program- all in for an indulgent dinner? $130 incl. tip; a great value for the quality of food.
 I thanked the chef on the way out and he was clearly touched for the positive feedback and excited about his new venture. As you should be sir...as you should be.
  Can't wait to return.Great food!  Excellent service!  Wonderfully innovative..Went out to Maypop with family for lunch.  It has a lovely ambiance: quiet, spacious, and well-decorated.  The food was elegantly plated as well, very pleasant and makes you feel like you're at a fancy dinner.  We were also brought little surprises, savory beignets before we received our bread service and caramel cubes after we'd had dessert.
On the whole, my experience at Maypop was quite satisfying and even relaxing.  Aside from the uncomfortable chairs and unholy amount of ice in their drinks, my only real complaint is that the flavors were somewhat lacking in intensity all across the board.  Maybe a little more seasoning?I'm going to have to go here for normal dinner service, but I was very happy with their weekend dim sum brunch. I liked the combination of Chinese and Korean influences mixed in with some Louisiana ingredients. The highlights for me were the octopus shumai and the bacon scallion pancake with oysters and cucumber kimchi. The shumai had the rich, savory flavors of a typical pork and shrimp filling with a little extra oceanic brininess from the octopus. They were served with a black vinegar dipping sauce and grain mustard, both of which complemented the shumai in different ways. The pancake had a nice bacon fat-fried crisp which paired well with the bright flavors of the oysters and cucumber kimchi.
The head cheese and blue crab soup dumpling was quite good, though I was hoping for a little more crab flavor. The sausage stuffed sesame ball was probably the most disappointing. The sesame ball itself was wonderfully crunchy and had a pleasant sweetness, but the sausage stuffing was minimal and easily overpowered by the flavor of the dough. The chili oil on the side was also underwhelming in both flavor and heat.
If the sesame ball had more sausage - or was just billed as a plain sesame ball - or if the soup dumpling had a bit more unique flavor, I would give this place a 5, but I'm still very happy with my experience and am excited to check out other parts of their menu (there were some very intriguing dinner and drink options).Inventive food coupled with a very competent server, but many problems.  The first three gins requested (Boodles, Beefeater and Tanqueray) were not available.  My home bar does better than that.  A sparkling wine was flat and the serving of a $10 glass of Chardonnay was laughably small.  Good selection of craft beer on draught.
A nice small amuse bouchée which was appreciated since bread is $4. Nice salad and fried oysters were shared by the table.  Very small oysters.  The noodle dish with a few ravioli and small bits of sweetbreads was, again, too small.  
Some interesting tastes, but I felt like I needed to stop for dinner somewhere else.  The restaurant was not full, but very loud.  Not planning to return.I must say we had the best meal in a long time. It was a unique and thoughtful culinary experience. Wait staff was just as excited as we were to be there. Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the contents of each dish. Truly one of a kind. We will be back to try other items on the menu!I've been meaning to check this place out for awhile and I'm so glad I did! Matthew made us the best crafted drinks we've had in NOLA since visiting and was very helpful and patient with us (we were a bit confused about certain liquors) but he recommended cocktails based on our individual preferences and they were all perfect. This place is a bit pricey but me and my co-workers split the bill so it wasn't too bad. Overall, I would say this was the best bar experience I've had in town thus far and we will definitely be back soon!Scott from Maypop ruining one Bachelorette Party dinner at a time!
We visited Maypop during Essence weekend to celebrate with my sister and her bachelorette group. After making reservation 2 months in advance for 15 people, at NO TIME when the restaurant confirmed the reservation were we told there was a twelve seat max.
The General Manager Scott was extremely rude and condescending to our group. He refused to acknowledge that they made a mistake and instead tried to play the victim and tell two of our guest that he felt threatened when they were speaking a polite but soft tone.
The sad part is there was no reason why we couldn't have sat together because the restaurant was pretty much EMPTY. There were about two other tables occupied the whole time we were there. It's terrible that his actions and lack of leadership overshadowed the staff's service.
I'm tremendously disappointment in how he handled the situation!
Because of his behavior, one of our guests felt extremely uncomfortable and alienated that she ended up leaving. This put such a damper on our evening and ruined the brides experience that she will never be able to redo!!When I look for restaurants, I am always looking for a place that stands out from the rest. Maypop immediately attracted me to them by their unique cuisine and modern atmosphere. I admit, I initially went because I was thrilled to see they had Dim Sum on the menu. But to my dismay, that was only served on the weekends. But it did not spoil my experience. Read the full blog and look at the pictures of both our meals here. 
http://thexennialblog.com/lifestyle/food-lifestyle/maypop-restaurant-nola/Overall good dining experience, originally went because of the dim sum but they told me that they only serve dim sum on the weekends. It's fine dining with á la carte menu.This is probably one of the best meals I have had in a long time. The service was outstanding as well. The atmosphere and location is perfectly located in Downtown New Orleans. DEFINITELY check it out!!!Wow! I have NEVER had flavors and textures combined like this and it was amazing! I started with the Bibb salad and had the pork and crab pasta for dinner. We also had the chocolate and pumpkin dessert. All of the flavors were interesting and surprising, but AMAZING.