Okay let start by saying that "for New Orleans", there's no other place like it. It's Colombian. Not Mexican. (Which sways towards cheesy and TexMex) This place is what you'll find in Miami, New York, DF or Cartagena.
The decor is chic yet earthy. I can even go as far as saying that I see a reflection of myself in the ambiance.
Now let's talk about the food. I'm not one to give a great assessment on what Colombian should be but I liked it a lot. I had the arepa sampler and the chorizo arepa- both which I devoured. Each arepa had its distinct taste and I wanted more. My only drawback of the whole ordeal was that I so know arepa to Colombians, as is what hot dogs are to Americans, or tacos to Mexicans. For an appetizer and one arepa I paid $30(tip not included) and to me, that's "fine dining" prices. The rock in my shoe was that those plaintain chips served as a side item to the arepa, were unmistakably "Zambos plaintain chips"(cheap Honduran bag plaintain chips). I don't have a problem eating them but for $13 an arepa I'm definitely being ripped off. Please slice and fry me a real plaintain chips, don't cop-out with the cheap stuff! That arepa plate served as is should be no more than $9-$10. It wasn't filling at all-for Colombian street food this place is a little steep. If another place opens up that serves the same with lower prices, you guys are gone-pecan.
Other than that, this place is solid. If you're thinking about going, please try it out. Worth going once.date night with the wife... and this place delivered. 
the bartender even cranked out a couple non-alcoholic, fresh and fruity concoctions for my pregnant wife. that is enough for a couple stars right there before we even eat. my caipirinha's were traditional and delicious. 
on top of that, the food was on point
these areapas are incredible and creative. sauces were well defined and the apps were delicious. the wait staff is patient and attentive. very well rounded but simple menu
i would definitely come back.I haven't been back here as I live out of state, but wanted to add to my prior review that EVERY time I open yelp I think that this restaurant is the best I've been to in my entire life, and I've travelled quite a bit both in the US and internationally.  If yelp would only allow me one five star review it would be given to Mais Arepas. Literally THE BEST.We just returned from Mais Arepas; it was our third trip.  The first two times we tried, the place was inexplicably closed, despite being well during their posted open hours.
Tonight, a busy Saturday evening, the place was filled and in bedlam.   The poorly trained wait-staff was upset, because the number of arriving diners was exactly equal to the available seating for dinner.
Finally, we got ourselves seated at the only available table / bench.
The food was surprisingly good, and like nothing else around here.  We had the beef "taco", the pork belly "taco", shrimp ceviche, & their signature grilled corn dish.
Wait-staff is CONFUSED !  limited beer selections are not really cold.     On-street parking, carry your gun.
I had to point-out that they had undercharged me on "la quenta"; this upset them more.
Anyway, this place has real potential in our search for non-Italian Creole food here in New Orleans.
Try it;  but at your OWN RISK !
RickOut of all the places to eat in New Orleans, Maïs Arepas is our very favorite!  
The most recent visit we enjoyed the Yuca appetizer and Fanny Arepas. Both are unbelievable delicious!
The red sangria and mint mojito were our drinks of choice that evening, and they were some of the best we have ever had!  
Our waitress was very attentive and that was very appreciated by our table. 
Can't wait to come back!!This place is fantastic! Started off dinner with the street corn which was out of this world good. The sauce they use on the corn is a whole different level. For my entree I went with the chorizo arepa and it was fantastic. The flavor combination was delicious from start to finish. And to top everything off the plantain chips dipped in the leftover corn sauce was divine. I'd never had Colombian cuisine before but after Mais Arepas, I am definitely a fan!This is one of my favorite places to eat in New Orleans. Very unique and different foods. My only complaint is that the service is horrible every time that I do go, but totally worth it bc of how delicious the grub is.We ate here before going to the 311 concert because it was a pretty quick walk from our hotel and the reviews seemed to be consistent.  I'm glad we decided on this place because it was awesome! The food was amazing and the service was great.  We got the empanada appetizer, which was really good.  There were three of us and we all got different arepas and we were all very happy with our choices.  I don't think you could wrong with anything on their menu.  The portions were very filling and I probably shouldn't have cleaned my plate, but it was too good not to.  I highly recommend this place and will be dreaming about the food for awhile.  Check it out if you are in town as a tourist and if you live there, consider yourself lucky to have such a great place to eat whenever you want!!The food is bursting with flavor! My favorite was the corn on the cob, the sauce and cheese makes for an interesting but tasty flavor. The restaurant is clean and we were greeted immediately. However, it took them awhile to refill our drinks and bring the ticket.Colombian food! Been looking for this for a while! This place is amazing. Food is very flavorful, cooked to perfection. We had the cerviche, empanadas, cerda arepa, and chicharepa. Along with the flan and tres leche desert. AND we even got a take out order of the bandeja paisa. Everything was just awesome!! The reason for the 4 stars was the slow service. We felt like the server forgot us and remembered when she saw that we were finished eating. Would definitely come back!! This is a MUST try!! I don't think you'll find anything close to this for Colombian food!The food is good,  but not for couples tried on three occasions and even at opening time still had to wait an hour for a table for two.    My last attempted visit I just gave up and walked down the street to 14 parishes restaurant.  Wish they had a better seating.  Make a reservation at least two days in advance is what I was told for dinner but you good for lunch.  Good luck!Delicious arepas and a great ambiance. Dishes would benefit coming with a side but otherwise a good deal, too.One of my new favorites in New Orleans!!! The corn is amazing and the arepas are as well! If you plan visiting on a Saturday go early because they will be packed.Wow! I've had my share of Arepas, and this place just put them all to shame. Absolutely incredible! Me & my girlfriend went in for lunch today (which they are usually closed on Mondays, but today was an exception) thankfully, and an even better plus they're having an all day happy hour. We started off with the ceviche, as well as the Maiz (corn on the cob with a spicy aioli sauce, and cotija cheese). Total Nirvana. For our entrees we had the carnicera arepa (grilled skirt steak, sweet plantains, beans, avocado) as well as the chicarepa (pork belly, avocado purée).  Fresh cocktails, friendly staff, just a really great place. It's just what a restaurants supposed to be.  See you soon Mais!Ok I went back! It was good and the service was not absurdly bizarre. I like also that they have vegan options. You have done a lot of growing up and I am so proud of you!The corn on the cob is delectable! The arepas are delicious, too. I had 2 glasses of sangria: the first was great, then the second was maybe made with old/sour wine???
Severely lacking alcohol menu. The decor is.......well, it comes across as very cheap.
I also think they have WAY too many plantain dishes.
I agree with some of the other reviewers: the food is a little too fancy, like they're trying too hard. 
The rigidity of the no substitutions policy is astounding.
Parking is a nightmare, and the restaurant is in a sketchy area.Holy crap this place is bomb.com everything I ate here was amazing!  The drink menu is small which lends to quality!  This place may be top 2 or 3 places I have eaten at in NOLA!1st time having authentic Colombian cuisine.
notable presentation - accented the lunch meeting
the chorizo arepa is both savory and smooth with a generous portion of mozzarella.
tre leche for dessert - along with genuine Colombian coffee 
(best tasting i've had to date that came out of a Mr. coffee machine).
... and the decor - stone cold straight up SoCal modern.
Michelle was engaging and well informed about the menu.
peace, purpose, prosperity (and mais arepas!)I just got back from a month in Bogota. I was not looking forward to more Colombian food, because skirt steak, arepa, corn, potato, avocado, and plantain got old. However, I must not have gone to the right places, because this Colombian food was delicious and full of flavor. (Note: The service, discussed below, was unacceptable, infuriating in fact.) Still, they only had 2 or 3 fruit juices, and jugos naturales were our favorite part of the Colombian diet. The juice I tried, passion fruit, was tasty but very thin. If you've been to Colombia, you know the juice is thick, liquefied fruit pulp, not watery as it was here. I was disappointed they didn't have guanabana, lulo, feijoa, mora, etc. - all typical fruits in Bogota and elsewhere in Colombia. The red sangria impressed my Mom. The empanadas were delicious, but the aji salsa was not at all spicy. Every aji I've ever had in Colombia has been very spicy, but this was "aji valluno," so there's a difference I guess. Still tasty, but without picante. Fresh, spicy aji was my other favorite part of Colombian cuisine, and at Mais Arepas they apparently don't make it. The arepa sampler was a delicious little appetizer. The maduros (sweet plantains) were good. The food was very good, and it's discussed better in other reviews. I decided to write this mainly because the service was so very poor. 
     The service was absolutely horrendous. Others have noted the family feel, the willingness of wait staff to explain the menu, but it was just the opposite for us. And it was a slow lunch shift on Saturday, with maybe 2 or 3 other tables, with not-large crowds, and our waitress ("Michelle" according to the bill, darker-skinned girl) avoided us like the plague. She never offered us refills on our juice/coctails, though she refilled our empty water glasses after a good 45 minutes (I don't exaggerate here). When we realized the arepa sampler was only the mini-arepas and wanted to order more, she was either nowhere to be found, or busy averting her eyes away from us each time we tried to give her the "we'd-like-something-more,-please" look. She was friendly to our faces, for the most part, but she was short with my Mom when she finally gave us the chance to add to our order and my Mom asked her about the arepas. Instead of giving us any description of the food, she interrupted my Mom and brusquely said, "Let me just get you the menu." We had already tried to no avail to get her attention in order to review the menu again for at least 15 minutes. Note again, the place was relatively empty. We couldn't get the check, and rather than ask/bother her for a to-go box, we were going to carry the food out on napkins. This girl did not sound Colombian - her English had no detectable accent. The other girl, who did look typically Colombian, also seemed to avoid eye contact with us. Now, the service in Colombia is slow because it's not tip-based, but this was really 5 times worse than any place I ever went to in Colombia. And she was not polite, as the waiters always are in Bogota. Not only was she slow, but she was pretty cold toward us, though she was clearly trying to feign interest. I think she must have been new or having a rough day, but the place was not busy at all!!! 
     So, to summarize the service element: we never were offered refills on drinks; we waited a terribly long time, not only to order more food, but to get it; we couldn't get the check when we wanted (nor even 12 minutes after we wanted it); and even after she FINALLY offered a to-go box (as we were almost out of our chairs headed out), we had to wait about 3 minutes for her to box the food (2 arepas put in a box, not a lengthy process.) Mind you, the restaurant was closed at this point (they close at 2:30 in the afternoon for a few hours) and it was very, very slow at this point. There's really no excuse for being so deliberately and visibly slow. I have worked in the service industry, so I usually side with wait staff, but this girl was so unfriendly (albeit in a (poorly) concealed fashion) and so unconcerned about us. I really just wanted to get our food to go, just so I could get away from her and stop being angry. 
     The food is great, if overpriced, though no spicy aji and no great, thick, delicious juices. (But if you've never had it, I guess you wouldn't miss it.) If I go back, it will be take-out, and we'll expect it to be ready in 2 hours minimum, even if it looks slow in there.Loved this place! Staff was very welcoming and friendly. Restaurant was very clean, dishes were all presented very nicely and the food was just awesome! Definitely recommend a visit.I can't tell you how much I love this place. My husband has one simple rule, we only go to a restaurant once because there are so many great places to try here in New Orleans. Fortunately, the food gods were smiling down on me, as I got to go here a second time. OOooh yum! You must get the corn on the cob, Maiz De La Rueda. Oh man, the sauce on its own is so delicious. I had the Reina Arepas. Oh, it was to die for. The portions are large, so you only need one arepa per person. I must add that the margaritas are absolutely delicious too! This place is so good that I may sneak back hubby free!We were visiting New Orleans for the first time and Yelp and a few suggestions from the staff at the hotel we were staying at suggest Mais. We hopped on the tram and found it after some walking and we were not disappointed. Atmosphere is amazing and we got seated quickly although there were many parties waiting. 
The waitress suggested the lemonade to drink and some of the street corn for an appetizer. We almost ordered seconds on the street corn because it tasted so good! And the arepas were just as good! Fresh ingredients and amazing wait staff made this an amazing experience that we will definitely return to when we are in NOLA again!I had lunch there yesterday. Just 2 of us and the place was very empty at 1 pm. Our waiter was very good and friendly and the food was very good. We shared the Chuzos, 2 skewers, one of marinated skirt steak, peppers and onions, the other, chicken done the same. Delicious! My friend had the Arepas Marinera and I had the Reina. Both were excellent. The prices are a bit high, but, where else can one get arepas in New Orleans? Delightful place and I do recommend it.Acabo de regresar de Bogota despues de un mes alli. La comida colombiana nos parecio relativamente sencilla, y rapido se volvio aburrida. Comer papa, arepa de maiz, carne de res, platano, y aguacate todos los dias le hartaria a cualquiera que no se acostumbra a ello. Sin embargo, este restaurante hizo que la gastronomia colombiana llegara a su plena potencia: estuvo sabrosisima! Pero ojo: no hay aji picante, o sea que el "aji valluno" que se nos sirvio si tuvo sabor pero sin NADA de picante - lo que realmente me resulto una pena. Ademas, el jugo de maracuya (fruta de la pasion) que se me dio fue una verguenza de calidad en comparacion con lo espeso y delicioso (con puro pulpa licuada) que es el jugo natural tipico del pais. No llevan variedad de jugos, pero bueno, de pronto las frutas colombianas no se consiguen aca facilmente, incluso en estos dias? 
El servicio estuvo tan malo que buena estuvo la comida: pero PESIMO, y no exagero. La senora estuvo lentisima y muy grosera con nosotros (segun la cuenta, se llamaba "Michelle,"). Creo que no era colombiana, y eso espero porque si lo es, sera la primera colombiana grosera que conoci. Yo soy una persona paciente y he trabajado de mesero y en otros puestos similares, y tipicamente entiendo las dificultades de la profesion. Pero esta senora realmento se deshizo de nosotros desde el llegar. No nos atendio salvo despues de muchos ratos largisimos. Teniamos ganas de pedir mas comida, porque solo pedimos entradas, y cuando mi mama le hizo una pregunta sobre que tipos de arepas tenian, a mi mama la interrumpio brucamente, diciendo "dejame conseguirle el menu." Nada de "disculpeme senora," nada de "con permiso," nada de educacion - muy, pero muy grosera, y sin explicacion. Encima de eso, no habia casi nadie en el local; la mayoria de las mesas estaban vacias. Otra gente en este sitio de web dice que el personal es muy amable con los clientes, y que los meseros estan muy dispuestos a explicar y describir el menu, pero en vez de esto, nosotros encontramos una senora de mal genio o de no se que, quien nos dijo, efectivamente, que "miren el menu, no quiero hablarlos, ni atenderlos a Uds." Y para remate, tambien cuando (desesperados) finalmente logramos hacer contacto de ojos con la otra mesera, tambien nos esquivo la mirada y totalmente nos ignoro, y esto varias veces, como para decirnos: "Uds. no son mi problema." Que pena para el dueno de este restaurante, el cual si tiene una comida deliciosa, pero si el personal trata mal a los clientes, a fin de cuentas, no importa que tan buena sea la comida. 
Si vuelvo a gastar plata en Mais Arepas, sin duda sera en un pedido para llevar.Would get five stars if it was a little cheaper. That said, it's delicious! I got the mechada arepa (skirt steak/mozzarella) and the corn for an app. Passion fruit mimosa is also on point.
Last time, I got their standard arepa (forget the name, first one on the list), which is good, but I've had better. The mechada is awesome, though.
Great atmosphere and good service. Just a little too pricey.I had it while visiting New Orleans, and will be sure to visit there again for their sandwiches, which I believe is where they take their namesake from.I thoroughly enjoyed my meal here. Fresh fruit cocktails and the arepas are delicious!Really good food!  Ceviche is the best I've had.Servers are excellent and very attentive.  The cleanliness of the restaurant as a whole is great. 
Food was great. The Mechada and the Cerda are really delicious. The plantain chips are good and fresh, but personally I don't think they make a great side offering. The empanadas are ok, but you will likely need some sauce sides because they run on the bland spectrum. The strawberry and regular limeade are wonderful!!
Keep in mind, their food is expensive for what it is. The Elotes are street food and cost about $1-$2 from a vendor cart whereas at Mäis Arepas it's $7. The arepas themselves have about $3-$4 worth of ingredients in them. Don't get me wrong, it's VERY good, but it's VERY overpriced. If their prices were more reasonable I'd give 5 stars.The Colombian style arepas sandwiches here are definitely a unique experience in the New Orleans dining scene.  I had the chicken and avocado which seemed very filling while being very healthy.  I really only got the taste of avocado and didn't notice a whole lot of chicken which with most sandwiches would make me grumpy but somehow the whole was greater than the parts.  I've been able to sample most of the other arepas and they have all been tasty and their liquor drinks are all done decently.  I've made several attempts to eat here when they are not yet open for their posted times so plan accordingly that they will often open late and close early.  Expect to have a much slower pace of most everything while here.I don't usually post reviews, but this place deserves it. The cerda arepa was incredible. Get it now.Se amable o vete. Colombian restaurant 1 block from St Charles. Easy ride on the street car.  good food and good service. We enjoyed ajiaco, a meal in a bowl. also shared flan Maracuya. delicious.
We are planning a return visit soon.
Enjoy.This is the best restaurant in New Orleans.  Amazing food, amazing drinks, amazing service, and amazing atmosphere.  I could eat here every single day!  Favorites are the mechada, carnicera, bandeja paisa, and raspberry mojitos.Maybe the best food I've ever eaten. We were in around 7 on a Thursday and were seated immediately even though the place is rather small. We started with the plantains, and I had the mechata- a skirt steak and mozzarella offering that included sweet plantains stuffed inside, and my fiancé had the pork belly. Literally amazing. The portions are generous and we both left both uncomfortably full and raving about the food. YUM.This is the best place for South American food in the Big Easy.  The corn is knock your Mardi Gras beads off good.  This is a great place to start the night with a picture of sangria, the arepas.Love this place. Allows me to indulge in my obsession with Colombian cuisine. Highly suggest!The most awesome dining experience. I have been trying to get to this place for over a year now. I was not disappointed. The service was excellent and very helpful explaining the menu. I ever got a Spanish lesson on how to pronounce things. The corn on the cob is a must!!! After eating the corn you'll need a soup to finish the savory sauce it is sitting in. I got the trio appetizer mini corn cakes. Don't miss out on the bar drinks - pineapple cilantro margarita was so outstanding I had two!!!! To finish off you meal the  tres leches cake was to die for!!! Can't say enough about this place - just go and see for yourselfCrazy good food and bartender Kevan makes a fantastic watermelon Rita. Not to mention we say at the bar and he was very attentive and friendly. We ordered two apps and two entrees and both fantastic.This is off the beaten path, but well worth the detour. The juice is fresh, the arepas are hot, and the beans and rice are delicious. The staff is helpful and goes above and beyond to make our lunch experience perfect.Due to delays with the St Charles trolley we arrived at the restaurant at 2:15, running the last two blocks to try to make it before they close at 2:30.  Despite there being several patrons still there, we were told l, rudely, that the restaurant was closed.  If the restaurant closes at 2:15, why do list that they close at 2:30? They must be doing very good business to turn away a family of five.  Not to mention the lasting ill will that this causes, and in fact causes reviews like this.  Not only would I not go back, I will try to dissuade anyone I know from going there.This is my favorite restaurant.  The flavors are so rich, there's really something for anyone's taste.  I highly recommend the Maïs de la rueda, (Mexican street corn inspired) , fried yucca with chorizo (salty but perfect), Mechada (slow roasted beef that has grandmas spices and super tender and juicy). The service is excellent and the seating is limited so make reservations or get there early. Warning: if it's busy they may decline a carry out order.Absolutely amazing food! The service was great. Our server was very attentive and helpful since it was our very first time here. We started with the corn which is to die for! I repeat, PLEASE do not pass on this corn. The flavor simply cannot be put into words, just try it! Our entrees were great too. I got the pork belly with a side of plantain chips which was good. The sauces on the side are what make it so great though! Overall, it was a great experience and I would love to dine here again!Great food good price 
Bring friends so you can share different foods
Good service 
Cocktails a home run
This place must get really busy make a reservationIt's so good, I almost don't want to let out the secret. Short list of my favorite things:
1. Absolutely delicious
2. Good prices
3. Great ambiance
... is there anything else, really?Excellent food and service! My sister and I randomly picked this place to eat and so happy we did.
Appetizer- maiz de la rueda- I never tasted this dish with the spice they used, very unique and tasty.
Main course-the carcinera aripa and the marinera aripa was excellent. The meat was tender and juicy.
 Dessert- tres leches for dessert-just the right amount of leche so that the bread wasn't too soggy. 
Everything was so tasty, plus the servers were all very hospitable. We left very full and happy:) highly recommendThe food is great!!  Even though reservations are encouraged they are not required. You may call and they may tell you they have no more tables that is just simply not true. Walked in on a Friday night without a reservation after they told us no more room. They say us right a away. If all else fails the bar has 9 stools to sit at.We found this place from our Lyft driver. So ask for suggestions from them they will give you great places to go try if it's your first time in the city. We ordered to go. But the restaurant is very chic and friendly. I ordered the aborrajados and the medchada. I was very satisfied. Will come back the next time I'm in town.The best Colombian food I've ever had!! Will definitely go back if I'm ever in Nola again.This restaurant is fantastic and should be on your short list of places to try. We started with an appetizer sampler which I would highly recommend. The pulled chicken, pork and beef were amazing and I could have enjoyed this as a meal itself.  For an entree we did a daily special and it was a perfect. Beans, rice topped with a fried egg, grilled meats, plantains, avocado...I know, I made you hungry. Go!My very favorite restaurant in the city. The service is phenomenal and the FOOD. Omg get the Cerda with the pink sauce. It's the best, I promise. Also get the corn app and a fruity mojito. yum yum yum.Started with the Arepas sampler and if those weren't amazing enough the Cerda Arepa and Ajiaco (chicken potato) soup was the best! Great atmosphere and music. Ambiance is always a plus! This place had everything! Def. coming back!The drinks were good, the food was good too but probably won't go back because the wait was so painfully long. Get a reservation instead. Very small inside and hard to hear over the music.Great place that is worth the wait and make sure to have a mojito while you wait! Make sure to call and make a reservation.Wow. I have only had arepas once before in NYC and I was blown away then. I was also a little 'in my cups' at the time. I'm happy to say I achieved both those things at Mais during my visit. The arepas were a perfect portion size and well constructed. I mean, the flavors were matched and balanced well and the sandwich, while overstuffed, could be picked up if you were determined. 
Besides that, the drinks were fantastic. We had some sort of special while we were there. It had fresh juice and was a little spicy. I don't remember exactly. 
But, to me, not remembering the details is the mark of the best sort of restaurant. The quality is high and consistent. You can't go wrong so you don't have to squirrel away what went right. There are few "international" restaurants in this town that I feel compare to my experiences in the Northeast. But this one leaves absolutely nothing to be desired.I haven't had food that was so flavorful in a long time! Each thing I ordered had a different but equally yummy flavor! Loved everything we ordered! Will visit this wonders place again! And the servers and employees all greeted me with a smile when I came in it was very refreshing to see people happy at their work place!Really lovely waitress, great ambiance, great food. Get the corn!!! Also plantains are deliciousHum hum hummm... this place has amazingly tasty food! 
We started with the Ceviche de Camaron. It was one of the best ceviches I've ever tasted. It was tangy and sweet; the right balance of flavors. 
The Yuca Frita was also very good and cooked well. I discovered the guasacaca sauce which was delicious!
I had the Mechada arepas and my husbad had the Pollo Grilliao one. Great balance of flavors on both. Even the drinks were great! The service was on point! The ambiance was smooth and relaxing. 
The waiter forgot one of out appetizers but even that didn't change the great experience. Will return next time I'm in NOLA for sure!
It's a nice break from all the Cajun food around.Excellent!!! Everything was great, from our waitress to the food. It is a bit small in there and they have small seating in the back by the kitchen which is a bit uncomfortable but other then that great place to eat and visit. I had the mixed berry margarita and it was EXCELLENT. The food was excellent also. I had the michado arepa, highly recommended!The best arepas ever!! Yum yum yum yummmm! 
Their drinks are also very refreshing and delish!
The ambience is chill yet lively! 
The service is amazing! The staff is very attentive,  first-class, and thorough. 
It's a sensational place to dine.
Recommend it highly.I've never had arepas and these were a great introduction. Also, the grilled corn was the star of the meal. Delicious!Great ambience. Wonderful selection of tapas that were all delicious. We had mais, ceviche, and skewers of chicken and beef with chimichurri sauce that was to die for. Only advice: turn off the tv. The game show, although muted, really clashed with the Colombian music and art. Would go there every week of I lived in NOLA!I have been waiting to try this place for a while since i first drove by a few months ago and read about on eaternola.com. Finally opened! Couple things as they're still in the starting phases:
1.cash only - may be credit card by time you go but just ask and be ready to pay cash
2. They do have wine available but no liquors yet
3. It is in an up and coming part of town. May want to try for lunch first but don't let that keep you from going for dinner. Plenty of parking around in front of restaurant. 
We tried the fried plantains with mozzarella cheese very good. Was hoping it would come with more for the price but was filling and yummy. I would order again, but there's so many other appetizers I want to try.
Also tried the mechada arepa with shredded beef, plantains and mozarella cheese. Love! Very filling and hearty and perfect for a cool day. 
Last we tried the pork belly arepa. I liked the flavor of the sauce on it and the arugula? The pork belly was tasty but it was just a little too chewy fat for me. I kind of wish they sliced it thinner and fried it up longer so it would be crunchier but that's just my preference and prolly not very authentic.
All in all it I would definitely go back again. They have some huge platter that has a bunch of different items on it that I'd like to go back and share with my husband. 
The atmosphere is pretty cool and funky and look forward to seeing what their cocktail menu will entail.
Will be back with friends:)I had been wanting to try this Colombian restaurant for a while because its walking distance from my New Orleans apartment, and I'm so glad I did. For appetizer, I had the Maiz de la Rueda, which is grilled corn on the cob topped with cotija cheese and a butter sauce. Delicious. I've never had anything like that. For my entree, I had the Pollo Gilliao, which is grilled chicken served between two cornmeal cakes, sorta like a dinner sandwich. And for dessert I had the Flan. These three courses came to $29.84 before taxes and tip. A good meal, in a casual (you can wear shorts), dim-lit setting, in the up-and-coming neighborhood of Central City. I especially liked the authenticity of the food. According to my server, there were numerous Colombians eating in the restaurant, speaking Spanish with their servers. I've found that when natives frequent a restaurant offering ethnic cuisine, it's usually a good sign.This place is amazing! This small spot near downtown is authentic and delicious. Brought to you by the people of Baru (on magazine street), they've done it again. Pricey but well worth it. The staff is friendly and the location is nice. Such. Great. Food. Fresh and flavorful. Put this one on your list!This place is awesome! I had never heard of Mais Arepas before a friend recommended we eat there last weekend. They have several unique drink options. I had the mint mojito, and it was great. I tried some of my friends' order of the Maiz de la Rueda, and it was fantastic, especially the sauce it comes with. For my main course, I had the Mechada Arepa. I was concerned at first that it would not be enough food, but it was very filling. They also have some great vegan options. Everyone I was with was very impressed with their meals. I definitely plan to go back here in the future.We were visiting from NYC. Didn't know where to go for food without shells (shrimp, crawfish, oysters etc) in New Orleans - my husband is allergic. Although I'm not allergic, I'm just not a big fan of the sea creatures myself. We were on the hunt for good, authentic Spanish food that wasn't tacos. Luckily, Yelp helped us find this place. We got there before they opened and waited in the car until they did. It was worth the wait. The food was ssssssooooo good. I had the shredded beef arepa with sweet plantains and added both the chimichuri sauce and the pink sauce (mayo-ketchú if you're latino; this place uses fresh tomatoes instead of ketchup). I also asked for a side of avocados to put in the arepa pocket. The mix was heavenly. My husband had a similar arepa, but his had beans - please note their beans have pork. My husband really liked it, but I don't eat pork, so I took his word for it. For the kids they made a simple plate of rice and grilled chicken - not on the menu. That was very kind of them. Oh! And they made fresh limeade with less sugar for the kids. We liked the place so much, we returned on the last day of our vacation. Thank you, Mais Arepas!You've just got to try this place. I can't believe I waited so long to try it. We got the delicious yucca and chorizo appetizer. I don't remember which arepa my boyfriend ordered, but I had the mechada arepa. It was so freaking good, y'all! I loved this place and I will be back VERY soon! You gotta go!As a Colombian, this is the best Colombian food I've tasted in the US. Is a must go for everyone!Absolutley DELICIOUS! We wanted a change of the usual cajun southern fare... The place is hip, well decorated, service was great and the food was presented beautifully!!! We can not wait to come back here, this has moved up on my NOLA must places to eat!!! We had the Mais corn, the veggie arepa, yucca with chorizo and the chicken soup! Perfect amount of food ! The cocktails were fresh and flavorful!The corn is awesome sauce! I'm from California and I always wait for the elotes man to buy corn, and these half corn cobs give me nostalgia, but with better flavor!! The Mechada was very flavorful! I highly recommend this place!BLUF:  Updated review:  Still amazing.  I'll go back anytime and would give it 6 stars if I could.
Huge fan.  Awesome atmosphere in a good neighborhood.  This place has gotten popular so it takes a while.  Make a reservation if you can.  The staff was great at keeping us updated since they were so slammed.  Great staff.
We started with the yuka (like a potato) and choriso app.  it was really good with an interesting sauce.  (Update: just went back and got the fried plantains with mozzarella and it was pretty good but needs something else to give it a kick.  also got the ear of corn appetizer which was amazingly good.)
3 of us each got a different arepa.  i got the pork one and it was amazing.  huge too. very well priced in my opinion.  these arepas are definitely not standard arepas from south america.  they are served open and stuffed with a crazy amount of stuff.  very very good.  it would be hard for me to order anything different but i am sure everything there is good. a buddy got the soup which he really liked.  soup aint my thing though.
When i went back my sis got a tuna arepa and it was a nice lighter version of their arepas. I got the chorizo this time and it was out of this world.  
i really liked this place and cant wait to go back.Went early on a Friday eve, sat at the bar...service was spot on.  Drinks were great, all made with fresh fruit which I truly appreciate!
Had the corn...ate both cobs and sopped up the remaining sauce with plantain chips from the amazingly delicious fish arepa plate I had which was a special that night.  I only hope you can try it.  I wanted to try more dishes but was so full.
I will come here again and will tell my friends.What a hidden gem. The food is amazing and beautifully presented. Drinks were great. Service was excellent as well.This place has been bookmarked to go visit for quite a while and I finally got a chance to try it out last week when I came to visit my boyfriend in NOLA. 
We came during dinner time on Wednesday. We were told that there was going to be a wait but we didn't mind since we weren't too hungry. There was a party of 5-6 people in front of us but I guess they decided to leave since the wait was long? Which was good in our case since we got seated shortly after.
We had some trouble deciding what to eat since we have never tried Columbian food before. Thankfully the waitor kindly explained popular options on the menu for us.
We ended up ordering the Main De La Rueda which is similar to elotes as an appetizer. We had read some yelp reviews earlier that night and were under the impression that we were going to be served 4 corn on the cobs, but much to our disappointment we were only served 2! Nevertheless, it is worth a try if you really like corn. Unlike traditional elotes, this one had less of a creamy taste and had more cheese. 
My boyfriend decided to go for Carnicera arepa for his entree. He liked it a lot and I liked how the plantains and steak went well together. 
I ordered the Chicharepa since I love pork belly. This one was cooked up to be very crispy so that's a bonus! It was a little difficult to eat since the pork was practically spilling out of the arepa, but my boyfriend happily ate the ones that fell out. 
The entrees took a while to come out for some reason so I would not go here if you are looking for some place to eat quickly. I think it's because everything is made fresh and it was quite a busy night. I did notice another table that had been there for a while without any food but they could have just been taking their time to talk and relax after a meal. 
We ordered dessert at the end. We could decide which one to go with so we ordered both of the ones offered on the menu. The tres leche was good and flavorful. The texture threw me off a little bit though since it kind of felt like I was biting into a dry, wet sponge but the taste made up for that. We also ordered a flan expecting there to be a caramelized syrup, but we were pleasantly surprised with more of a mango, passion fruit type sauce that was served with it instead. If you are thinking of having dessert, I would lean more towards the flan! 
Overall, I would definitely come visit again. Although it was a little bit pricy, it's an appropriate spot for a date. I hope to try the Fanny the next time I come in!Although the food served here is not authentic Colombian; it is very good. The fruit juices are delicious, the mazorca appetizer is to die for (if you like "spicy/lemony things) and the arepas are delicious. I have eaten here 4 times(3 for lunch and one for dinner) , and the food has been really good. The service is OK, not superfast of super-friendly, but acceptable. it is a little pricey. I hope they don't keep rising the prices, otherwise they will drive customers away.My friend has been wanting to try this place for awhile now. I never been to a Cuban restaurant before and didn't have high expectations.  However, everything I had was superb!! The mojito was probably the best one I have ever had. Very sweet and fresh but then 10min later you really start to feel the rum. The waitress was very helpful with her suggestions on the menu. I'm not even sure what we had we just took whatever she recommended and it was delicious. We will be back!!You may wonder about Arepa but until you try it you don't know and you will be hooked. 
Cool place in the lower garden. 
It is amazing.Great food but horrible service. The waitress name gaby, was not friendly or helpful.I feel like this is one of the best hidden gems in the city. Everything on the menu is delicious. Unlike anything in the city, so unique and scrumptious! Have to order the corn!!!! Margaritas are rockstar tooThe food was pretty good. We shared the sampler and each had an entree. They give a good bit of food. That was definitely more rhan eniygh food for both of us. The service was also good.I am stunned anyone has ever given this place less than 5 stars. The service is sincere and genuine. The food is packed with complex flavors and arepas cooked to perfection. The drinks are strong and reasonably priced. The ambiance is relaxing and complements the experience perfectly. Mais Arepas is always my girlfriend and mine's first choice when we want to go out and celebrate anything big. A true gem in a city known for its culinary depth and complexity!The food is pretty good, drinks & wine list are decent, atmosphere is okay, and the service speed is always bad.  I honestly don't think I will ever eat here again after consistent LONG wait times for food which is basically street food and should be one of the quicker things you can put out from a kitchen.  On a recent visit I walked in looking to order takeout (they generally don't take orders over the phone) and sit at the bar for a drink while I waited - except that I was told the wait for food would be 60-90 minutes.  Really??  For a restaurant that was no more than 3/4 full?  I understand you may have chosen to seat 30 people at once but even then does it really take you 90 minutes to make 30 arepas?  Apparently the answer is yes because they can only cook 8 arepas at a time and this takes 20 minutes - sucks to be you if you're there on a full night when they've got 40-50 people ordering arepas and your "casual" dinner takes 2 hours.
I was hoping that the early issues of this restaurant would subside over time but nothing has really changed. The food is still generally good but the cocktails are not all that great and the service is hit or miss while the wait times for food almost always border on ridiculous.  Honestly I'd rather patronize someplace that wants my money, maybe they're making plenty here already but it seems like they could easily be doing 50+% more covers on any given night and not make me wait 45-60+ minutes on each visit for an arepa - this is why they always tell you that you should order an appetizer, in addition to making more money!  It's a shame, because the food is quite good and I'd love to have a nice neighborhood option but they seem to want to run this place as fine dining where 2 hours would be normal rather than a neighborhood joint which is more in line with the decor and food but where people don't typically want to spend all night in the restaurant.
Certainly Mais Arepas can run their restaurant however they want but just know the deal before you go or you'll end up like a lot of people I've seen in the restaurant who are unhappy and trying to scarf down their food once it finally comes because they didn't have all night to spend at dinner.  Or people like me - and the police officers on one of my visits who made the unfortunate mistake of stopping in for dinner while on duty and waiting an hour for their food - who just stop going altogether.This visit to Mias would be my second...and I was very excited based on my first experience at Mias. I Came by the Friday before Easter Sunday to have a late dinner with the honey. We were both extremely excited to have Mias again after having it for the first time six months ago (since we drove in from Houston for a small vacation). To our surprise...although the hours posted on the door as well as on EVERY food website as 10pm...when we arrived at 9:30pm...to only be told that the kitchen was closed. Needless to say we were not served dinner at Mias that evening...but Cochon was there to save the day...like always .
I would just like to suggest one thing to a restaurant with high levels of tourism...With hours posted everywhere...perhaps posting kitchen hours would help patrons.They definitely had some startup troubles including long wait times, not taking credit cards, etc. but ultimately the food is good, the prices are reasonable and the service at Mais Arepas was pleasant and genuine in a warm and inviting space.  An appetizer of fried ripe plantains covered with melted mozzarella was surprisingly excellent and accented nicely with quite a few chives.  The Bandeja Paisa was excellent - they were out of pork belly for the chicharrones so it was replaced by thin fried pork medallions which were great - but the steak was cooked perfectly, chorizo was good, egg was cooked well, you can't go wrong with more fried sweet plantains, and the Columbian style cranberry beans were outstanding (although not dissimilar from a lot of creamy, presumably pork-infused bean or black-eyed pea dishes you might eat here in NOLA).  Arepas are generally good and sometimes great but at $10-12 they're not the cheapest street food around, however this is a sit-down restaurant so you pay a bit more for that.
It's nice to see a good dining option there on the lake side of Saint Charles and of course there appears to be a lot of development happening all the way up to O.C. Haley.  Mais Arepas is only one block lakeside of St. Charles and easy walking distance for a good number of people including me (although most patrons seem to drive, parking within a block was very tight) so I definitely plan to be back.I'm not sure what took me so long to make it here. The staff were all very nice. The food was great. I had the grilled Corn on the cob app and the chicken and potato soup. The pineapple mojito was very tasty too. Can't wait to go back to try the arepas.Maybe for Columbians they are very flavorful but for an Asian who lived in Panama growing up for 5 years this place is pretty salty.  
I would give 5 stars for service.  5 stars for decor and atmosphere.  5 stars for their sangria roja.  3 stars for food.  Took away 1 star for over seasoning and took another star away for waiting 50 mins after we ordered to be able to eat, and there were only 3 parties including us (about 2-3 people each.)  
We ordered a pitcher of sangria, an order of the Bandeja Paisa.  It has chicharron, grilled skirt steak, beans, rice, plantain chips and fried banana.  A small side salad with avocado (very nice touch) and a over-easy egg on top. 
We also ordered Ajiaco: Andean potato soup w/ shredded chicken, maïs, capers, guascas, avocado and media crema. Served with flavored white rice.  The soup was delicious!  Still a little on the saltier side but very flavorful with avocados in it.  I can see this as a Andean chicken soup if it's really cold out or if I'm getting sick.  So filling.  I would order this again. 
I wished they had the chicken sancocho but they only have it on special and we weren't special enough that day.  ;) 
I will be back next time and request to have less salt added.  You can always salt your food but you can't make it less salty...  it was so much so for me that my tummy ached for water throughout the evening.Great food you must try. Good location 
Loved this place & go every time we are in the area ! Great Mojitos also.Great atmosphere and food! We really liked that the food was different from typical restaurants. It was something new that we enjoyed trying. The food had a lot of flavor. A lot of the meals came with plantain chips that were really good as well. We ordered a mojito and margarita which were both made with fresh food. Delicious! We will definitely come back next time we are in town.Fantastic, authentic Colombian fare.....
nice decor, staff is very attentive, excellent food.
try on the ceviche, marranitas and arepas...mmmm!Came here wanting to try something new and out of my comfort zone and is now honestly one of my FAVORITE spots to eat! Although being my first time the server did an excellent job at describing some of the items on the menu. My friend and I ordered the "maiz de la rueda" which is a type of corn appetizer and it was so full of flavor that I'm still dreaming about it! I would definitely recommend that appetizer to anyone! Next we both shared the Merchada Arepa with a choice sauce of "chimmichuri" which is a type of oil and herbs sauce. The Arepa was beyond memorable packed with so many flavors going on such as the sweetness of the plantains and the savory skirt steak. I absolutely love this place and would not hesitate to come back!Twice I have attempted to eat your arepas. The first time you had your hours posted incorrectly and were still not serving a full menu or taking credit cards. Fine you were new so I gave you a get out of jail free pass. The second time you decided the close early because you "had such a crazy night" and instead of putting a closed sign on the door you just locked it and we couldn't figure out why it wouldn't open. Do you know you have a sign on your door that says "pull harder"? Half of owning a good eatery is being able to accommodate your customers and not just good food. Grow up and get a manager. I will not be going back.I absolutely loved this place!
Decor and music were great- took you out of Nola and into Colombia for a second!
Wait staff very interesting and attentive.
Food was awesome. Shared the areas sampler (pork amazing) the fried corn with cheese and garlic sauce... Very rich and salty.  And the empanadas... Which were also tasty. I thought a little too salty, but Im not so adapted to high salt, so I'm sure most people wouldn't agree that it was too salty. 
Took credit card and we sayed until close. I can't wait to go back!I had this restaurant on my radar for quite some time and finally got a chance to visit last week. The food was just as good as the reviews state and delivered in a timely manner. I ordered the Brochetas to start and the Cerda as my main dish (with a side of chimichurri) after discussing recommendations with my server Michelle (who was absolutely delightful) and it did not disappoint. The atmosphere airy and inviting and I can't wait to visit again.Fantastic little place that brings a fresh taste to New Orleans! Though with a caveat... The aforementioned size of the location. Absolutely try to get a reservation during peak hours/days. You may have to call more than an hour or so before on say... Friday or Saturday evening. 5 stars for taste of food. Minus 1 star for speed at which food leaves the kitchen.This is a hidden gem within New Orleans. The service was outstanding and the food and drinks were incredible. Would recommend this spot to anyone who wants to escape the French Quarter and eat something that isn't deep fried.What makes Mais Arepas stand out is the layering of flavors in each bite.
Very very good.  We had the mint mojitos, the salad with avocados (perfectly ripe), the sampler appetizer, and two of their Arepas Comes.  Honestly I'm so picky about what I eat but I could not have had a better experience.  We had 2 sauces with the meal as well, one garlic pestoey sauce and one spiced mayo is the best description.  Just delightful.
Inviting service as well, beautiful space, soft lighting, just a very nice vibe here. We loved it.Came here in my wife and the place hidden from the city but the food and drink are the best. I wished I came more of then.Authentic Colombian food. This food reminds me of what I used to eat when I was little. The flavors are amazing & the servers are friendly. It's wonderful  when you can find somewhere where a bite of food reminds you of home. The only thing is that I wish this place was bigger. You really need to make reservations as there is a line to get in as soon as this place opens!Found this place on yelp and the pictures sold me. It's a cute little place and everything on the menu looked amazing. Our table tried three different arepas and the street corn. All of it was fantastic. So flavorful and fresh.  My Carnicera arepa (sans beans) was so delicious and the chimichirri sauce just kicked up the flavor even more. Lots of good gluten free options. 
We were still recovering from a fun night out so we didn't try any of their drinks but they looked yummy too. Need to come back for those and some ceviche!I love arepas. After having them in Colombia I dream about them! This place hit the spot so perfectly! 
We ordered the Fanny, Mechada and Ajiaco. The Fanny was my favorite, a delicious vegetarian option with sweet plantains, mozzarella, and avocado. The flavor was really well balanced. The Mechada was also fantastic, the meat was a bit too salty but overall it was great. The arepas themselves are very mild tasting. The Ajiaco is hearty and comforting, not quite as good as what I had in Colombia but still really good. We tried a couple different sauces for the arepas and they were all delicious, a pink cream sauce and chicken broth based sauce. They complimented perfectly without taking over. 
I ordered the food to go, when I called I was told the wait would be 1 1/2 hours, which I felt was a really long time. Maybe it had been busier when I called, but when I came in the restaurant was very quiet with only a couple tables being served so I wasn't sure why the wait needed to be so long. I was bummed we couldn't dine in though because the ambiance and decor is awesome. This would be a cute date spot. 
I felt that it was a little pricey, we ended up paying over $40 for our three things, but I would absolutely go back again when I'm in NOLA. Definitely recommend!!Visited on a Tuesday night and there was plenty of seating. The space itself is very modern, clean, and welcoming. The staff were all very inviting and our server was great--very knowledgeable about the food, friendly, and efficient. I ordered the mechada arepa (slow cooked skirt steak, maduros, sofrito, and mozarella cheese). The arepa was wonderful (soft and warm) and the meat was perfectly cooked and seasoned; the maduros and sofrito were also exceptional. Although I like cheese, I felt that there was a little too much of it in the arepa that somewhat took away from the other flavors of the dish. They don't do substitutions, but if you order anything with cheese on it, I would ask to make it light. All arepas come with plantain chips which were also yummy! Good experience overall!So so so amazing. I pretty much want to eat everything on the menu. I come here whenever someone wants to get lunch with me and the restaurant is open. Friendly staff and relaxing atmosphere. Keep up the good work!Absolute favorite restaurant in New Orleans! I have a serious addiction to their mais, yucca frita, carnicera with mozzarella and chicharepa extra crispy! And their drinks and fresh juices are to die for! If you
live or are visiting Nola and miss out on going here, you are really missing out!This is my favorite restaurant because I LOVE arepas and these are the best I've ever had (and I've eaten many - Colombian and Venezuelan style).   The food is amazing overall and the Flan is beyond delicious.    David and Matt are the perfect chefs and am so terribly happy they opened Mais Arepas.   Great staff and Colombian decor complete the perfection!Went here the other night with friends at is was amazing! They do not take reservations which a little bit of a bummer but just go to the bar and order the cilantro pineapple margarita! Everything on the menu is delicious and great for sharing! Can't wait to go back!The food here is delicious! It never disappoints. It can get a little packed, so make reservations if you can. The restaurant is a little on the small side. The atmosphere is nice, and there is also a small wait room. I appreciate it because one doesn't feel like she/he is in the way while waiting.Hands down my new favorite lunch/dinner spot in New Orleans!  Everything I've had has been fantastic! I've been back four time this month.  Simply perfect!!Waitstaff was great, food was even better. We came without a reservation on a Friday and they seated us immediately. Decent prices as well.The food  is good, but the service and the time they take to bring the foot is too much we order Arepas and they take more than 1 hour , I recommend to them improve the service and time to prepare food . Thank youI absolutely love this place. My husband's family is from Colombia and they all enjoy eating here. The arepas are tasty,  my mother-in-law loved their seafood soup and they make great cocktails. It's a little loud,  but that makes it better when we bring the kiddo lol!I've been here twice for an early dinner in the past 2 months.  I made a reservation the second time, since NOLA Eater just named Mais Arepas as one of the 38 Essential New Orleans Restaurants for July.  The food is as good as all the reviews say.  Since some other reviewers mentioned poor service, I just wanted to post that both times the service has been good, fast, friendly and attentive.Only been once, but service was great even though we closed out the place. Excellent margaritas. Street corn is the best I've ever had, and finally the shrimp Arepa was to die for. Such a great meal.I was new to colombian food and sceptical about it from a friends description of arepas. I left here doubting my friendship with that person.
The place is a little small and service is somewhat slow, but whats the rush? We went with a group of us that consider ourselves somewhat foodies so we ordered a ton of food and shared from all plates. It didn't matter what you ordered because you're going to eat from everyones orders anyway.
Drinks were first. Strawberry margarita was muddles behind the bar with real strawberries. same with the red sangria. Margarita was great, sangria mediocre. The real star was the juice that i have never heard of before. The waiter described it as a sugar cane juice. It was really sweet obviously but has a great flavor.
Appetizers: empanadas- delicious and filled with spicy meat, sweet potatoes and carrots.
Main courses: the arepas sampler plate- all delicious but be warned the chicken with avacado is cold, like a chicken salad.
I ordered the chicken and grilled onion with mozzerella and it changed my life.
pork arepas: delicious pork and cheese
skewers: phenominally seasoned with perfectly cooked bell peppers
Dessert: tres leches cake: fantastic is all I can really say.Hands down my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. Try the chorizo and marinera. Don't forget the pineapple and cilantro margariga!!!I am FLOORED!! This place is fantastic! The staff is so friendly and the food is out of this world!! I've been eating at many places around New Orleans and of everywhere this place is my favorite thus far period!! Extremely reasonable price and highest quality food. I may come back to NO just to eat here again.Excellent!  Every time I visit NOLA I go here!  The Chef is from Cali (city in Colombia not the US state) and the Ajiaco is the BOMB!!  Highly recommended!!!As an ex-pat Colombian, I was worried that Americans wouldn't like this stuff and it would take a nose dive like some other latin restaurants in the area.  I should not have worried.  What I thought was simply me enjoying some familiar flavors was in fact the ingenious execution of some fantastic recipes inspired by the Old Country, although not completely classic recipes.  In other words don't expect to find much of what's on this menu anywhere in Colombia, if you ever visit.  Still, the ingredients and components are both traditional and magnificently crafted.  
Best thing that happened to the tri-color since James.  VIVA COLOMBIA!!!!Wow, what a gem. I came in for lunch today and had the Reina Arepa, Maïs De La Rudea and a pitcher of the sangria. The arepa was DELICIOUS, the chicken was flavorful but not overpowering, the avocado was fresh, and the tomato sauce (I believe) was the perfect complement to the arepa. The street corn was a 10/10, words cannot describe how delicious it was...I definitely recommend ordering it. Finally, the sangria was refreshing and the fruit was delicious. Whether you are a local or a visitor, I 100% recommend this restaurant!This place was a hidden treasure for sure. The food exceeded expectations and i just about licked the plate after eating that corn on the cob. Since that would be uncivilized- i chose to dip everything in the sauce and also dip my already demolished cob and lick it off. Everything taste great. Presentation was great. That Blackberry Mojito was refreshing and the atmosphere was sophisticated and a lil'sexy! I will be back again. Highly recommend!!!So tasty! Really enjoyed the shrimp arepas and the delish plaintain appetizer our table shared. Arepas take awhile to come out so your server should advise you to order a drink and appetizers and settle in for a bit. They're worth it though.Absolutely Amazing! My favorite Latin restaurant in NOLA! The Maïz De La Rueda is a must try! Also the Marinera, Mechada, and Cerda are my favorite three Arepas to tryDelicious Colombian food, love the Arepas, empanadas y aborrajados. Sangria was very tasty and the service a plus. been there about 5 times and always have had a great time.This restaurant is such a hidden gem! We had the Arepas Sampler and we couldn't be happier. Also, we had the Chuzas. Everything was delicious! For desert we had the Tres Leches and sweet mother of God! It has been THE BEST Tres Leches cake ever!!!Delectable food, superb fresh fruit drinks and stupendous service! Love this place. Truly a New Orleans treasure that you must try!Ladies and Gentlemen,
  Over the last year my wife and I have been here and let me correct myself. The management has made some drastic improvements and Mais is on point. Serves is outstanding no matter who you have. The food is beyond perfect and delicious. We do not think twice about going here any longer. Our previous visits must have been an off night and wish I could delete the reviews and only have this one. 
To the management:  You have an outstanding restaurant and as you know frequent your establishment more and more. Please excuse my previous reviews and if could delete them I would. Thank you for having such outstanding customer service and food.Came here for dinner.  Wanted to try something new, not the usual restaurants that we always find our selves going to.
Facility:
    Exterior- The building is located on the corner of Clio and Carandelet.   Standard LGD building that looked clean on the outside.  This is on the border of Central City, I suppose on the nice part, if there is one of Central City.  No parking, all street parking, but their is usually open spaces very close by if not right in front of the building.
    Interior-The inside was clean, great decorations.  Loved the music.  They use an iPad using Square to checkout which is very modern for New Orleans.  Just the right amount of light for a dinner outing.
    Bathrooms-NA, forgot to look at them.
Atmosphere:
    The atmosphere is very lively with a hint of South American flare.  Music is great and matches the theme of the restaurant.  
Service:
    Service was exceptional.  Very family friendly South American type of service.  Our server was very knowledgeable on the menu and very friendly.
Food:
    Appetizers/Salads/Soups-The menu is bigger than you think at first glance.  They have a number of choices for an app.  We had the one appetizer with the corn, (I forgot the name, sorry).  It was great.  Sauces that came with it provide a very unusual yet refreshing and tasty bite.
    Main Course-We had the Marinera.  I was not sure how to eat it at first but it is eaten as a sandwich. It had a great flavor, shrimp was perfect. Sauces were great.  Very filling.
     Drinks-We did not have have alcoholic beverages but did try the passion fruit juice drink.  It was awesome.  Tasted very good and refreshing.
    Dessert-At the time they only had 1 dessert, the Tres Leches cake.  We got it to go, had it with cookies when we got home.  It was very good.  Tasted light, yet flavorful.
Cleanliness:
    The restaurant was spotless.  Floors were clean and employees were always busy cleaning.
Incidents: 
None
Star Rating: 
    A 5 is easily given here.  I don't had out 5 stars often, but everything was perfect, food was great, everyone was so so friendly.  Even if the food was not as great, the friendliness of everyone would have still made it a 4 star.
Summary:
    I am so happy to see something different come up in New Orleans, something that exemplifies a cultural food that is so rare in this city.  It has come at the right time and something that is finally different.  I do hope that the community does support this restaurant.  Everyone needs to try it.  It is not run by some famous chef or some typical New Orleans native, it is a true family of entrepreneurs that have come to this city with a great spirit to start a business of providing great food, and great service.  Doing it in a city that is so hostile when it comes to different food venues that are out of the ordinary, and taking a piece of real estate in a difficult section of the city is deserving enough for everyone who reads this to try this restaurant.  I do wish them the best of luck and will be visiting often.Very good food & drinks
arepas are delicious with crafty but not crazy varieties. great to see real arepas!
staff is wonderful. 
wish they were open more hours a day.Food amazing! Staff was nice and took their time to answer all my questions!!! I had the arepa sampler and a side order of their beans!!! The beans were as if they were made from home, delicious and lots of love!!!The owner of Mais used to be part owner of Baru which everyone knows for it's fabulous tapas.  They partnership split and as a result we now have Mais!
Never having had Columbia food, Mais had been on my radar for months.  Last night I finally got the chance.  The décor has a South American chic feel.  Hardwoods are in dark tones.  Deep earthy colors of golds, greens and reds.  It's very relaxing and inviting.  
Right off the bat my companion ordered the red wine sangria.  Me, trying to be good because I have an 8:00 am teeth cleaning the next day, stuck with water.  That didn't last long.  One sip of that sangria changed my mind... quickly!!  Again, trying to be good, my companion ordered the skewer appetizer.  No, none for me thanks.  
Neither of us have had Columbia food before let alone an arepas.   Such that it may, we both decided to order the trio arepas from the appetizer list.  If you don't know what to get, get a sampler!  Our wonderful conversation was interrupted by a waft of grilled flesh filling our noses.  The skewers!!!  There are two skewers to a serving; one steak and the other chicken.  No, none for me thanks.  Again, that didn't last long once my companion tasted their first bite.  I break down.  The meat and veggies have big grilled flavors. Moist, juicy, slightly charred little morsels.  Veggies are still have a bit to them.  Most would say the sizes of the pieces are too small, but this is an appetizer not a main course.  Served along with the skewers are two small arepas.  Oooh, so that's an arepas!  It's very similar to cornbread.  They were grilled as well.  And delish, too!  A "verdi" sauce to add heat to dish giving it a nice little kick accompanies the skewers.  Next the arepas!  The trio arepas plate consists of a generous portion of skirt steak, pork and chicken each mounded portion sitting atop its own arepas.  There are little dollops of a creamy, spicy sauce which pairs well with each different protein.  I have to go with the steak as my fave.  The meat was grilled to perfection.  I was expecting a little heat, but it really didn't need it.  No veggies.  Simply just well cooked steak.  The chicken was my second fave because I love avocados.  It also had diced green bell peppers giving it a nice crunch.  This one would be perfect on a hot day because it had a cooling affect.  The pork was cook well, but it didn't have a real porky flavor.  After taking a few bites from each I was stuffed!!!  Half gets taken home.  This also means that for $12.00 I get 2 meals!  Can't beat that.  My companion struggled BUT ate everything except half a cake.  We were both stuffed.  Once we left all we could say was "I'm so stuffed" and "it was so good" over and over...Horrendous customer service. Employees flood the Yelp page with positive reviews and then go on Facebook to bad mouth customers, including linking customer views as a form of shaming anyone who leaves a negative review.
Customer service is not their priority, so if anything goes wrong expect them not to care.Great please I took my family there they were very friendly and helpful to order our food. The quality of the food was really good it took them quite some time to give us the food but overall was great.
The only negative is the parking I had to parked a little to far with a new born babyI came here with a friend who recommended it. The drinks were solid and the meal was fine, but I wouldn't seek it out again. It seems very popular but I think that's because of the atmosphere and the novelty more than the food.Cozy and lively atmosphere w great salsa dancing worthy music playing. Food is delicious, comes in small plate size perfect for sharing. Recommend the ceviche, corn and the arepas sampler. But everything was delicious! Attention to detail here. Great service too.Being from a Colombian family I must say I was curious to try Maïs and how it compaired to the food I ate growing up.
In a nutshell the food was tasty,  the drinks were good, friendly service and clean and comfortable enviornment. The price was just a little steap for me but nothing crazy. I will say that the portions are pretty big though.
All in all Id defenetly go back and try it again. 
My reccomendation to Maïs though is try and add other Colombian main entrees besides the Bandera Paisa.One of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans. Service is slow, so just expect it when you go. The food is worth it. Arepas are naturally gluten free and so is the fried plantains/cheese appetizer. Also love the corn appetizer.This is the type of place that deserves my time for a 5 star review.  Not only can I not find anything quite like it in the city, much less Central City, what it does (Colombian,) it does very well.
Be sure to order an appetizer, as they do all of them quite well.  The arepas are quite good as well, of course.  The first time we came in they asked which sauce we would like out of three, my wife and I chose different ones, and then requesting the third to try it as well.  All were great.  The next time we were in, we received all three sauces without request (good call guys.)
Nice clean atmosphere, friendly service, down to earth.  Highly recommended.Fresh, delicious, and different. I've had the Marinera (shrimp) both times and I can't switch it up because it's so awesome!I love this place. Been here twice in less than a week. Everything so far has been bursting with flavor. Very cool atmosphere. Try it, you will not be disappointed.Real authentic Colombian food and drinks. For drinks they serve Colombiana, Refajo, Aguardiente Antiqueño,... on top of the classics like Caipirinha (they use the good Ypióca Cachaça), Margueritas (came amazingly close to the best one I ever had in Mexico).
For food the arepas taste great and are a full meal. I recommend taking one with plátano.
Great place, great service, absolutely recommended!We loved this place.  It did not come highly recommended.  Also, some friends and trusted Yelpers gave it a 4/5. That's still good, but we had an excellent meal. We thought the food was fresh, authentic menu and great tastes.  
Our waitress was a nice lady.  She reminded me of someone's mom and treated us like two kids over at her house.  Shari V and I both founding her endearing.  She was also an attentive and thorough waitress.  I'm not great with Colombian food, so our waitress had to walk me through the menu.  She suggested the corn, twice fried plantains and pulled pork arepas.  Her suggestions were total hits.  Shari V went rogue and ordered the largest thing on the menu - Bandeja Paisa.  It might even be meant for sharing.  Spoiler alert, she did not share. 
We loved everything.  The corn was crazy good.  The arepas was delicious.  Good bread to meat ratio.  Shari V's dish came with all kinds of goodness - skirt steak, fried egg, rice, chorizo, sweet plantains and other stuff.  Excellent smorgasbord.  To top it off, we got some flan.  I was stuffed, but Shari V confirmed it was delicious.  
Overall, Mais Arepas was excellent.  The only thing I would change is the location.  We will definitely repeat.Traveling through, and wanted a fun and informal dinner. Incredible and different food. It's really cool and welcoming place. Everything was delicious. I highly recommend it!Very trendy restaurant with astoundingly flavorful food. Service was slow, but it was worth the wait to get dishes that were so fresh and thoughtfully prepared. We ordered the maiz de la rueda and it blew our minds. This dish was one of the most amazing things we've ever tasted; we'd eat it every day if we could. I ordered the cerda arepa and my husband got the carnicera. Both arepas were terrific, fresh, and huge. We agreed that we liked the cerda better. My husband thought the cerda was the complete package and that the carnicera was missing an ingredient/spice that would round out the dish. Regardless, both of us were extremely satisfied and very full at the end of the meal.  We would come back again and again if we lived here.We had a fantastic meal at Mais last week! Being from Colombia, my boyfriend was skeptical about "Colombian Creole". But he was in heaven with his bandeja paisa. I hope New Orleans appreciates the delicious and unique cuisine of Colombia, because we sure do! Plus, the ambiance is beautiful. The bar, alone, is worth going to see. Gorgeous! Get a TV and Caracol and I might never see my boyfriend again.Wow!!! A most for any body that love Hispanic cuisine... The sangria is to die for and the arepa will take you to heaven, you won't regret it. Just make sure you call and make a reservation.This place is absolutely fantastic! Just left and enjoyed everything about it. Cocktails: raspberry mojito, blackberry and blueberry mojito, lime margarita and pineapple-cilantro margarita, all are highly recommended and spectacular. Appetizers: ceviche was so delicious, I could've eaten more. Also perfect for splitting between 4 people. Mais was pretty good too, probably my least favorite of everything that we got. Arepas: the grilled skirt steak (carni-something) was out of this world. The pork (cerda) was extremely flavorful. The shredded chicken (rena) cold but so so good. We will definitely be coming back here many many times. Our waitress was so sweet, very helpful and patient and the bartender was awesome and made delicious drinks.Delicious and affordable, modern but cozy. Me and my husband go there at least twice a month.Another visit with my wife and friends and another amazing experience.  
The place has such a cool atmosphere; wonderful Latin music playing in the restaurant, the staff are all smiles and cool.
The bar offers variety of great cocktails; we love the sangria...so delicious. 
And then the Arepas...tasty, caked with meat, fried plantains and fresh vegetables....
The Yuca Frits is a great appetizer. 
Enjoy!Wowwwwwww kalzoskdks wow. I once had someone tell me corn is a weird thing to eat in public...well be prepared to get weird because the corn at Maïs is the BEST thing their menu has to offer. It has spicy butter, chili sauce, and cotija cheese on top. Sooo yummy. I could drink the sauce. Really. Drink it. We also ordered the fried yuca appetizer with grilled chorizo. The yuca was very dense, but had a great crunch to it. Take the yuca and dip it in the sauce from the corn. Dip all the things in the sauce from the corn! Lastly, I ordered the shrimp arepa (the marinarepa). So delicious! Comes with plantain chips and chimichurri sauce on the side.These arepas' are so freaking good. It's not the cheapest place but it is worth the extra few bucks to come here. The tres leches is an amazing treat to end your meal with.Everything we ate was delicious. My boyfriend and I had an impromptu date night and decided to try this place. I was really excited about the ceviche but was a bit disappointed with the portion and it wasn't really the "traditional" ceviche I was looking for. It was tasty but a little small of a portion for $12. I had a mint mojito while my boyfriend got one of their lager beers and then the Colombian drinks. All were good. 
We then shared the Bendeja dish...at first it didn't seem like a lot of food but we were both stuffed by the end of it. It's the most expensive dish there... $24. And for dessert we got the flan, which was yummy except there was some type of other sauce on the sides that was a little bitter that ruined the flavor. I just pushed that all off to the side and then it was fine. 
The service was pretty attentive and pleasant. I did think they had forgotten about our flan for awhile. But besides that it was pretty good. I wasn't ultimately really impressed or displeased with anything here. The whole atmosphere and experience was pleasant enough.Amazing. I would have left happy if it was just decent, since I haven't had much Colombian food since leaving Miami. We shared the arepa sampler and the bandeja paisa, and everything was just right. Cooked just right and seasoned perfectly.I love their ceviche.  There is so much lime juice in it which elevates the other elements of the dish.  The shrimp are nice and plump with the perfect bite to them,  The plantain chips are killer.  Their street corn is super yummy as well.  I've been twice and both times I've gotten the pork arepa.  The sweet plantains go really well with the savory pork.  Their pink sauce that can come with it is super garlicky and delicious.  My boyfriend got the steak arepa which had such an amazing flavor. I will definitely get it next time.
Parking sucks but that's how it is everywhere in New Orleans.Only been a handful of times because I don't think the price is quite worth what you get. That being said, the few arepas I've had here are prepared really well. Good flavor, good mixture of ingredients. Just wish each dish was a couple bucks cheaper.Just tried this restaurant for he first time and loved it. Great service and food is delicious, also loved Barcelona beer, Estrella.After being contacted from my review they only reserve 75% of the tables to always have tables open for walk ins. Way to go!!!  Now how can we get the rest of NOLA to do this. Takes for the contact Mike we will see u tomorrow and the day after and the day after that.....We had the maiz appetizer and it was awesome! Marinera was very good with the chimichurri sauce. Everything was super fresh. Sangria was tasty. Meals are affordable and nice atmosphere. Would definitely return!!My wife and I went in this time.  The place truly puts you in the Latin mood. The music, the ambiance, the service, the bar scene...all just well put together.
Service and food AGAIN was just amazing.
We started with fried plantains and it was some of the best I tried.
We both had sangrias, delicious. 
And the Arepas were out of this world; The bread they use is so good and it comes stuffed with meat and the sides.
This is an awesome spot.Wow, Amazing! The corn on the cob was out of this world! The empanadas were fantastic, and the arepas were too. Highly recommended!Mais Arepas is a great example of a hidden gem in the city. I love NOLA and her delicious cuisine but there are times when I wish we had more international options. Luckily for us, these options are growing more and more everyday and Mais Arepas is a good example of awesome things that are happening now. I have only had arepas one other time and found it to be lackluster. This place has changed my mind! Here I had a slow cooked beef with plantains and mozzarella sandwiched between two soft corn flatbread pitas. So good! I really appreciated the freshness of the ingredients that was apparent in every bite. The space is small but very charming and the service is very friendly. This is a great alternative lunch spot. The price point is a little high for my lunch budget, at about $12 a sandwich, but this was a lovely treat and I look forward to more lunches in this cozy spot off Clio right by the interstate.The service is a little slow but I think that has to do with how long it takes to make the food.  However, every bite is worth it.  Such a lovely atmosphere and wonderful drinks you hardly notice if it's taking long or not.Amazing food!! Everything is so flavorful! :) also its gluten free holy crap. If I lived here I'd be a regular without a doubt. Cutest little ambience and the best fresh fruit cocktails I've ever had. I'll be back next time I visit New Orleans for sure! :)My favorite restaraunt in NOLA! On a 5 day trip, out of all the amazing food I had, I chose to have my last meal, and only repeat meal at mais.This place is a true neighborhood gem. i cant believe its been open 2 months and i been missing it. 
For 2 ppl to each have an app, an entree and a glass of wine it was just about $75 with a 20% tip. 
The service was EXCELLENT and the food was EVEN BETTER! 
When i walked in and said i wanted to sit at the bar the hostess//server wiped down the area but i mentioned that I didn't like the way the rag smelled and she quickly got a paper towel and some disinfectant and cleaned the bar down. 
For some reason this really made me happy and being that this is new orleans and sometimes saying u don't like something might get u an attitude that DID NOT happen here.
Service was excellent and like I said the food was AMAZING. 
I am so happy right now that I found this place. 
Patronize this new establishment!This was a fun experience because Columbian cuisine is totally new to me and it was quite delicious!
The menu is centered around arepas (corn cakes stuffed with a variety of ingredients) and has a decent selection of appetizers, plus a couple soups and salads. It's not a huge menu, so be sure this is what you're in the mood for before you go.
We got two appetizers - the arepa sampler and the fried plantains with mozzarella. The arepa sampler came with three mini arepas, chicken, pork, and beef, which was great help when we were selecting what we ultimately wanted to order. They were ALL delicious! The fried plantain appetizer was a fried ball of chopped up plantains, possibly with something else mixed in, not fried slices of plantain, that were then covered in melted mozzarella. It was an interesting mix of sweet and salty. I think I would have liked some sauce or something to add more flavor (maybe some of the sauces that came later with the entrees). 
The arepas were very impressive! They are large and quite filling. They are served with fried plantain chips and three sauces that were also fantastic. Each person in our party of four got a different arepa, and we were all very pleased! They are pretty heavy, though, so make sure you're really hungry when you go! 
The restaurant itself is super clean and I love the decor. Everyone on staff was very friendly and a big help when we were deciding what to order. The restaurant uses Square credit card services with an ipad for payment, which is cool, but slightly awkward. I like that the app gives you options for automatic tips (15%, 20%, etc.) because after a couple drinks I never want to do math, but it's a little strange having the waitress wait there while you complete your card transaction.
Did I mention parking is SUPER easy? The location is kind of in the center of everything (right by Lee circle), but the street was almost empty as far as parking goes. Nice!
I can't wait to go back and try more of their offerings!My favorite meal in New Orleans by a longshot. Would not have expected an arepa restaurant to have that distinction, but Mais is surprisingly upscale, creative and some of the best Colombian food you'll ever eat.
Entraditas: 1) Yuca frita was mind-blowing, 2) empanadas as well, 3) tostones very good still, but not quite at the level of the previous two. 
Arepas: really just personal preference at this point. I had the carniceria and it was unbelievable, as was the cerda. 
Postres: I'll admit I'm partial to Tres leches, but their version of it could not have been improved. You should 100% try this.I loved the Brazilian drinks here. The food was okay. The food was extremely heavy.  At first sight the arepas do not seem overwhelming but they are. I really enjoyed the Aborarajados- ripe plantain fritters filled with melted mozzarella cheese. I would go back just for those.This is the best Colombian food I've had in years!  Everything we ordered was out of this world, especially the plantain app.  The prices were great for the large size of orders.  cocktails were delicious as well. 
The only downfall was the reservation policy.  It was a Saturday night around 8pm and there were only 2 of us.  There were 4 parties that were seated ahead of us, but arrived after us.  We later learned that they had all made reservations, which was fine, minus the fact that the restaurant only has 8 tables.  In a restaurant that small, having reservations and walk ins seems logistically impossible.  
Besides that, we enjoyed Mais Arepas a lot and all return (with reservations)I liked everything I got. That aside One thing that bugged me...my 9 month old is teething and somehow got hold of their plastic menu and was chewing on it. While I we contemplating whether it would be worth it to take the menu from her for obvious reasons...i saw the manager reach in across from behind me and took the menu from the baby. And ocourse the kid starts to scream. Then I saw the manager tell their staff to clean the menu. I am not sure its appropriate or polite to make decisions for other peoples kids especially when they are your customers.  By the time we left i saw, many times, menu picked from the floor and put back on the table. P.S...My 9 month old baby's mouth is cleaner than the floor people drag their shoes on. Is hospitality overrated in new Orleans.????The only drawback is, it's a small place.  Everything else is outstanding.  I would come here for the corn alone--get this!  Loved my arepa with skirt steak and plantain.  My vegan daughter says her vegetable arepa was a revelation--vegetables made more interesting, more flavorful than ever before.  Our wait person made us feel like family.  Go!  You won't be sorry.  Make a reservation.Que ricura!!! Mmmmmmm!!! I really enjoyed everything I had. Starting with maracuya juice which was the perfect sweet taste of the fruit. Then the crunchy yuca appetizer with sausage hit the spot to prepare me for the main course. I ordered the sampler of arepas because I wanted to try it all!! It came with a sample of the chicken, pork and shredded beef arepa. They were all good but I preferred the flavor and seasoning of the beef one. My husband had a pork arepa with a chimichurri sauce which he enjoyed. The sweet plantain inside the arepa gave it a special touch that did not over take the taste of the of the pork. Very enjoyable!! The service was great and they have a very friendly staff. The music and ambiance was very enjoyable. The music was loud enough to hear its catchy rhythms but not so loud that you couldn't have a conversation.  But heads up... this place is popular and it is usually packed!! Be prepared to wait for a while to be seated. If you can, come early around 11:30 or try to make a reservation. They close at 2:15PM and open again at 6. Overall it was a great dining experience. Saborrrrcito!We got there without a reservation but the friendly staff made sure we were looked after. best colombian meal i have ever had . The food is perfectly cooked and is consisent across all dishes . A must visit if you are looking at a perfect culinary  experience. Una experiencia deliciosa!Okay okay. 
So I ate here and it was fantastic! 
The arepas were a solid 3/5. My mother in law is Colombian and perhaps she has spoiled me into the best arepas but these were pretty good too. 
What makes this place amazing are the fillings. They are extremely flavorful! Great wait staff and amazing ambiance. 
Highly recommend this place!This is thee best Latin food restaurant in New Orleans. The ingredients in their food and drinks always seem to be fresh and of good quality. Everything I have tried on their menu is fantastic. They have the best Mojitos and Sangria. My go-to's are the Aborrajados, the Maiz De La Rueda and the Mechada Arepa. You'll be lucky to finish that deliciousness. I typically don't have room for dessert.The food was very flavorful. The staff was very friendly as well. I had the empanadas as an appetizer. They were delicious, but they were very small and were gone in three bites. The mechada had nice flavor and texture, I will definitely be back for that. It is a nice atmosphere, and I will come back again in the future. The prices though are a little high for the amount of food you get. I don't expect a buffet, but I was still hungry at the end of my meal. In addition, the abita amber was $6, a little ridiculous for a beer that costs $4 or $5 elsewhere. Overall it was good, but the value was not.Delicious food, however, never try the takeout. They made me wait 1 hour and 20 minutes for my food.Such amazing drinks and food. All of their appetizers are amazing. Fresh fruit in all the drinks. Arepas are so delicious and come with different sauces that are also insanely good. A favorite for sure.The food here is amazing. I love arepas and I was so glad to find an Arepas restaurant when I moved to New Orleans.
I'd been going for a while, starting in 2013. The food is always great, the service slow. 
I hadn't been in a while, but my now husband and I wanted to go on the night before our wedding to get away from everyone and have some time to ourselves with great food. We walked in and I immediately saw that the back tables were reserved, but there were two four tops free. The hostess wouldn't sit us and told us there was an hour wait.
We are servers, and I know it's annoying to sit two people at a four top, especially when the restaurant was busy. I don't know if this is the restaurant's policy or what. The tables might've been reserved, but there was no reserved sign on them. 
Regardless, it left an annoying taste in my mouth. Food is awesome, but I probably won't be back.A hidden gem found in the warehouse district of NOLA. My husband and I were feeling a little creole-ed out, so we decided to mix it up and go with Mexican for dinner. The place is rustic and modern, it is not your average taco joint! A perfect date spot. Since the place was small, all the tables were taken. We were seated at the bar, which was just as great. My husband had a mojito, and it was amazing. You can really watch the TLC of the authentic drinks they make. We were watching them make a watermelon margarita, and the bartender was slicing up a watermelon, crushing it, and then mixing it into a beautiful drink.
We ordered a appetizer, plantain and mozzarella cheese. It comes out in two pieces, perfect to share. It was HUGE. Literally, I was filled up. It was so delicious, I definitely recommend it. Sweet and savory.
I had the chorizo arepa and my husband had the shrimp arepa. My arepa was a bit better, but both were delicious. I was literally stuffed to the brim and in pain. I usually do not over eat, but I could not help myself with the deliciousness.
I highly recommend. One of the better arepas I've had in my life!! Great service and beautiful little restaurant.This place is amazing! The food is unique and delicious (I must agree its a little pricey for the portion you get). The drink sizes are generous and are reasonably priced. The atmosphere is nice as well.Super tasty arepas and cozy atmosphere. Would love to go back and try them all but for now I know the Carnicera (with pulled pork) and the Marinera (with shrimp) are great. Love the fried plantains on the side :). The drinks looked super good but didn't try them this time around.This is one of the best gems in the city. The food is a delightful mix of flavors and the drinks are made with fresh fruit in season. 
It's a small joint. Make a reservation or come at an odd time. 
The service is great-somewhat slow at times but that's because someone is muddling fresh berries for a mojito or pulling your pork by hand. 
I always get the Cerda arepa. The specials are amazing.In town for French quarter festival and this was our first stop for lunch around 1:30 pm on a Thursday, straight from the airport. There was no wait! I previously read thru yelp reviews and heard about the long wait times, so we figured an hour before closing for lunch would be a good window. What a pleasant surprise to visit New Orleans and have the best arepas I've had!  I'm from Tampa, Fl and we have a big Hispanic population and I gotta say, the arepas I had in tampa don't come close. Everything was delicious even the patron margaritas! Perfect balance of sour and little sweet to the tart. Just the way I like it. Food came out timely and service was good. We had the mecheda- grilled skirt steak arepa with mozzarella, and the cerda arepa-pulled pork arepa with pickled cabbage. The corn with cotija cheese and crema was one of the best I've had.  The green plantain chips were perfectly light n crispy with no oil residue. I wish they sold this in a bag to go. If we didn't have a short stay we would have definitely been back. Will be dreaming about those arepas until we are back in New OrleansFinally something truly Colombian in NOLA. Go hungry and order the Bandeja Paisa and prepare for an amazing meal! We used to drive to Houston or Austin for true Colombian, but now we have our own right here at home! Enjoy...Cannot wait to go back here. It's nice to find a place that is so different and where else would such a place exist besides NOLA. Only a few tables inside and I think it is well hidden. It's located on Carondelet and I feel most people don't know about it. It's definitively more of a local place. Very nice modern decor. 
The mechada was excellent though slightly too much mozzarella. Otherwise perfectly slow cooked beef and plantains. Our appetizer came with three sauces (spicy chilli, cilantro lime, mayo based aioli)  which went perfectly with the arepas.  Make sure you ask for them.The service, food and drinks here are delicious.  I must say that the soup was, in particular, excellent, but everything was great. The atmosphere was a little loud, but we went on a Friday night and it was crowded.  I would suggest making a reservation for dinner - it was crowded when we arrived (no empty table except for our reserved table), and no empty tables that I noticed during our meal.Visiting NOLA and decided to try arepas here. I love arepas and this place had great reviews. Seats are limited. There was a 30 minute wait to be seated ( a couple tables were open but said reserved). We sat at the bar soon after we arrived. The bartender was very friendly and knowledgeable about what items were gluten and dairy free. Just a heads up they add milk to their arepa mix. Their arepas are much larger than Venezuelan arepas. Their fresh juices are to die for! If you are unsure, they will give you shot glasses with their different juices (FREE). My favorite was guanabana - You have to try it!  One frustrating thing about this restaurant is they refuse to allow you to customize your meal. I wanted to add cheese - NO, even though I would pay extra for it. I wanted to change the meat to a chicken instead of beef - NO. The server said the Chef doesn't want his menu altered.  You get it "as is". I wanted to eat what I LIKED on it. Overall they were good - not great and not AMAZING. Maybe if they let me add to my arepa I would have liked it better.My new favorite lunch spot featuring real authentic Columbian arepas. OMG is this place good. I am on a tour of all of them starting with the top of the list, the cerda. The pulled pork was so moist and delicious combined with the house-made juices to wash it down with it was out of this world, or at least the country. 
I work right around the corner from this place and at least once a week this is my lunch stop. I am probably going to try everything on the menu so check back for updates.Love this place. Great ambience. The corn appetizer is amazing. The Arepas are delicious and presentation is beautiful. And don't forget the cocktails!!!Superb and delicious (spelled out). To start off, the empanadas were to die for with the aji and lime. Then came the Colombiana soda and wine. Then for dinner came the arepas--chicharon and steak... Omg, sooooo yummy. And for dessert, flan de maracuya, there is no explanation for this other than delicious, fantastic and yummy, lo mejor. That was the icing on the cake, literally. It was worth the 30 minute wait. No complaints here. It's a must try and come back!We drove by last night and decided to stop in.  Everything was SO freaking good, it's not funny.  This has Colombian food with Creole seasonings.   I can't proclaim how good it was.  We had grilled corn on the cob to start off with, which was covered in Parmesan cheese and spices.   For our main meal, what ever meat you order comes in a type of pita, but it's made out of corn meal.  Forgive my ignorance in the correct name for the dishes.  I had the shredded chicken with mashed avocado and green peppers.  Basically, it's cold chicken salad, but no mayo.  It came with 2 different sauces on the side, an aioli and a cilantro and olive oil sauce.  I also had a margarita.  He got a grilled chicken with caramelized onions, which he also said was tasty.  We will be back.  Great little place.If you could have a new favorite place to come  in and enjoy a meal this would be mine.
I came to NOLA to visit my son who is working here for a short time and this was his pick.
Having no idea I went to the web to see what I was going to enjoy.
Your greeted by a very friendly staff member, it was a Tuesday night at 8:30 it as packed with a wait line so we chose to eat at the bar.   Drinks were up quickly, food order was placed.  Corn appetizers and we both chose to chicken with caramelized onions.   Holy ....the corn was the best I've ever eaten, grilled served with a red sauce and cheese.  I could have made a meal. The chicken arrived it was sweet and tangy too much to finish ...thank god for being able to take home the rest for a "midnight" snack.
Now I'm only here for 10 days and I have a list of many restaurants that I want to check out, but I will make sure that I return to Mais Arepas
In closing these photos don't do the food justice.  EnjoyWe ate at the bar, and the bartender was really friendly, very engaging, but not imposing. Everything we ate was very good, but wow, the Maiz De La Rueda was just amazing. In fact, you should get some bread or something to soak up the sauce that comes with it.
Nice bar, good beer. It's small and gets crowded, which is why we ate at the bar, but it's worth the trip.I have been waiting for a Colombian restaurant to open in Nola and here it is ! 
First off , great interior huge bar but they only have wine so far but the server said they soon will have fresh fruit juices . Second of all it's all cash . Not a biggie . But most importantly the food was delicious ! 
We started the meal with the plantain stuffed with cheese . It was two pieces but huge pieces and was crazy good ! 
I had the bandeja paisa !! my nickname on yelp so you know I have had my share of this dish . Being from NYC me eating Colombian food my whole life , I was drooling for this dish . It was a smaller portion than what I'm used to but it was just enough and packed lots of flavors ! Definitely happy with it ! 
The fiancé had the mechada arepa which looks small but was full of shredded meat !! Defiantly tasty! Side sauces were all good !! 
Overall great Colombian food . I didn't get to try the empanadas but will be back for sure to try them ! 
Service was good and attentive. 
I hope more people try this place because we want it to stay !!This is truly a gem.  This place might be a bit out of the way, but it is totally worth it.  The food is incredible.  Unbelievable flavor.  And the service was awesome.The food here is very good, if not a bit expensive.  But they wouldn't seat is and we were the first people to arrive, waiting outside the door, in fact.  We were a group of 5 adults and two toddlers, and we were told the only table we could have was a 4-top.  When I pointed out there were three 2-tops right next to each other, I was told they were 'holding' those for couples.  Never mind that it was 5:30 on a weeknight and there weren't any couples waiting.  We went down the street to Casa Borrega where we were welcomed warmly and had a delicious meal.If you want to have arepa touched by the hands of God this is the place to come. Taste just like the arepa my mom made growing up but even better because they are stuffed. Think of a sandwich made with bread or pita but instead this is made with a flavor packed cornmeal dough. The goodies they pack inside will have you feeling like a kid unwrapping a Christmas gift or when you are your favorite Halloween candy these arepas will have the same effect on you. Food is well prepared (make sure you go in there with time to wait because main dish takes about 20-40min to come out)
The ambience of the place is like a fancy hole in the wall. Great people working there and super friendly. 
Make sure you call to make reservations because walk ins are taking a gamble as this place is always booked.
Prices range from 10-15.00 per arepaReally excellent food and friendly service.  The drinks were good, the mojito was great. The skirt steak was particularly amazing as were the empanadas. We would go here often if we were locals.This place is delicious and must to go and eat. Next time we are in town we will make it a point to come back.Great spot for people with dietary restrictions. Vegetarians can try the delicious corn appetizer and the arepas are gluten free. I never thought that one of my favorite places in New Orleans would serve Arepas. Bonus: check out the Banksy across the street.Absolutely love this cute little hidden gem!! Stopped by here a few weeks ago on a whim for lunch, which turned in to us rushing to place a to go order. Everyone in the restaurant was very kind and sweet even though we were in an extreme rush, we were thoroughly accommodated! Everything ordered was delish! I ordered the steak arepa which takes about 20 minutes to cook, so you know everything is fresh and prepared in house. Also, we had tres leches cake. This was my first experience with tres leches, and it by far exceeded my expectations! The cake was moist with creme gushing out, and the cake itself was quite flavorful! The icing was fresh and housemade...it wasn't quite a buttercream or whipped cream but it was OMG good. Fresh fruit garnish were the icing on the cake (lol). 
Since the initial visit, the staff was quite great in accommodating us in our rush, we promised to come back and enjoy the full vibe of Mäis Arepas. 
So, I've come back for lunch again and it's a packed house at noon. There is seating for about 40 people including at the bar. The food is still fresh, flavorful and filling, and staff have that South American charm to them. 
Will continue to return for good food, cute decor/ambience and friendly staff!