Best BBQ in the city! You can get waffle fries at the Nola taproom location but you can get jalapeño corn muffins at the Magazine location. The choice is yours, and there's no wrong decision.So, I decided to try McClures's BBQ tonight.  Its just around the corner from where I live.  It's in the New Olreans Lager and Ale Brewing building.  I placed my order and paid.  Then I realized that I didn't order a drink.  I asked the girl behind the counter for a coke.  She said I needed to order at the bar.  So I went over and ordered two cokes for my friend and I.  The bartender open'd the two cokes and then he told me it was a $10.00 min.  Are you kidding!  I don't drink and neither does my friend.  I was outraged to say the least.  I gave the bar tender a hard time and then grabbed a water from  the cooler up front.  I then told the girl behind the counter that she should have told us about the ten dollar min before.  She said she didn't know about it.  That's a bunch of bull.  She said they were a separate business.  Very disappointed!  I do have to say thought that the ribs are very good.  That's the only reason I gave it 3 stars.
1Went today between lunch and dinner. We ordered 2 meat and 2 side platters, 1/2 rack of ribs and 1/2lbs of brisket. Delicious food. My favorite was the pulled pork for sure. I loved the smoked chicken as well. Brisket is tender and meat falls off the bone. Ribs are great. We had tons of food to take home. It smelled so delicious in my car and later at home. Everything was extremely fresh. We will be back.Here's the story, anyone who knows shite about Bar BQ knows you start cooking in the early AM. So my girlfriend and I went to Surry's across the street and were told to wait up to half an hour or an hour for brunch. Naturally we moseyed over to Bon Temps to grab a Bloody Mary and right when I caught the scent of smoked meat I bump into this massive man holding a whiskey with red eyes, face covered in soot and knew that the rumored Bar BQ joint across the block was open for business. I asked him directly, "You've been cooking all night haven't you?" to which he replied" Since 2AM!" My heart fluttered and my girlfriend and I scrapped our plans to Surry's, ordered our Bloody Mary's and headed into McClures. At this point you probably want a food description but I am not into that, the place is delicious and authentic that's all you need to know for BBQ. Tip: it's BYOB so go to Bon Temps before.Beef brisket was pretty good but the 4 cheese macaroni was amazing! The window seats were great to watch the world drive by. Great place!We've been waiting so long and finally got to try... It was so worth the wait. Party of four and everyone said five stars. Our favorite was the Kansas City sauce; second was Memphis, but no complaints about any of them. Loved the pulled pork, greens, baked beans, macaroni.Average bar food at a high price.  
Out of all of meat choices except beef brisket, which was tender & tasty. Everything served barely warm.  Have 6 or 7 different BBQ sauces from TX to the Carolinas that you can add.  Got attitude from guy behind counter when I couldn't find anything but empty containers for a few sauces. 
Part of the NOLA Brewery Tap Room, so this was the beverage option.  Not a fan of their brews. 
Fairly costly for what I got - bar food!Good food, fast. This spot is pretty cool and popular amongst the locals. You really can't go wrong w/ bbq and McClure's does it right. It's a very casual atmosphere. It's clean and very chill. You order your food and seat yourself. There's outdoor seating too, not much of a view if you care about that sort of thing. There's water by the door if you don't drink beer.No doubt about it - these guys know their stuff.  Hands down the best Jambalaya I have ever had in my life.  Nice group of guys too.Absolutely deserves 5 stars. Simple friendly service paired with tender smokey delicious food. All sides are wonderful and the selection of sauces is the perfect compliment. If you're in NOLA you need to visit this spot.Very good brisket and potato salad ok. A little pricey for this Texas girl. Cheaper there. Average size helpings. People very nice!Minus one BIG star for no longer being all you can eat MEAT.  They got sneaky and changed the wording to all you can eat sides and they no longer do all you can eat meat.  I mainly like brisket and the brisket here just plain isn't that good to me and they really focus most of their energy on the pig.  I pray at the alter of the cow so this BBQ temple seems less and less inviting to me.I read many of the reviews before trying McClure's BBQ and perhaps I was expecting too much. The food was just Meh and I have definitely experienced better.
I am a low carber, so the idea of smoked meat without any sauce is mouth watering. I was disappointed because it seems as if the sauce would have been extremely helpful in making my smoked chicken taste like something. I also had the pulled pork and was pleased with the taste.
Another person in my party was also disappointed with the chicken and said that the sauce did not help. He was also not happy at all about the baked beans, but was okay with the mac-n-cheese.
If you want better BBQ... travel a few more blocks and try the BBQ station in Whole Foods - Arabella locationAwesome! We went for brunch yesterday which apparently is a new thing. But they act like they've been doing it for years. I can't think of anywhere else in New Orleans that offers an array of smoked meats atop your eggs with Vietnamese rolls and a side of king cake. 
     Just as good as the food was the service. I believe it was the owner himself waking around asking how everything was. It was delish!Best BBQ in NOLA! The ribs, brisket, sausage, and chicken! The only drawback is actually having to choose! Sorry "The Joint" you are only second best now.Bad service. Beans are hard and undercooked. Mac and cheese is gross. Ribs are good but it depends on what's day/time you get them. I'll stick to the Joint in by water. Good there is always good and always taste the same. Saucy's is even better than this place. I wonder if the service was so bad here because I'm "urban" lolEDIT - As long as the sauces have tops and the whole ice scoop thing is fixed, I'll throw two more stars at it - the retirement of the German Potato Salad didn't hurt, either.
FIXED:  Never store an Ice Scoop in the Ice.  Critical Violation.
FIXED:  Second, remember when you tasted the six sauces?  Did you shake any of them before you put some on your finger and licked it?  That same finger you used to keep the sauce from spraying everywhere when you shook it, right?  Multiply that by the hundreds of other folks that have done that.  Oh, then they went and got more ice.  
For the record, I am the farthest thing from a germaphobe, but this was a bit ridiculous.  Two super simple things to fix, and I'll get this updated.
On the real reason to wander into McClure's BBQ - the food!
As is required on the first trip to a new 'cue joint, we ordered the All Meats & All Sides for $17.50.  The meats included Brisket, Pulled Pork, St. Louis Ribs, a Hot Link, and a Chicken Breast and Wing.  The sides included Macaroni & Cheese, Cole Slaw, Baked Beans, and German Potato Salad.
The Meats:
The Brisket looked decent, and had a nice smoke ring.  That was about the best I can say about it.  The meat did not have much flavor at all.  We could not detect any form of rub on the beef - no salt, no pepper, no nothing.  The taste was similar to plain old Roast Beef.  The Brisket had a decent cook on it, although slightly under done.
The Pulled Pork will be worth another try.  It seemed to be somewhere between pulled and chopped.  The pork on our platter was a touch dry, but overall 'cued well.  This would be excellent with sauce and, if you read my previous reviews, good 'cue doesn't need sauce.  Not a whole lot of detectable flavor.
The St. Louis Ribs needed a little extra love on the pit.  Our ribs we're at least an hour from happy time.  They were a little on the tough side, as the connective tissues hadn't completely broken down, and the fat needed a lot more rendering.
The Chicken was probably the star of the show.  The bird had good flavor, and the wing was cooked perfectly.  The breast was a touch dry, which, if you barbecue, know is one of the most difficult hunks of meat to consistently nail.  The skin was pretty decent, with good bite on the wing, and a touch rubbery on breast.  Overall, props are to be given on the bird.
The Sausage had some pretty good flavor to it, with a little bit o' kick.  Our only thought on it was the texture was a bit different - it was very, very finely ground.  My other half thought it was a bit "mealy", but I didn't mind the fine texture.
The Sides:
The German Potato Salad was in no way German Potato Salad.  It is served cold, and has a light vinegary coating with some bacon.  Being of German decent, I can attest that this is does not at all resemble what it is supposed to be.
The Baked Beans - I was warned by others, and plowed ahead anyway.  The Beans are hours away from really, really good.  The beans were undercooked, as two friends had warned me, and it contained quarter cloves of semi-raw garlic.  Very, very strong garlic flavor with crunchy beans was not a good thing.  Seriously, let these puppies go for another few hours, and you might have something.
The Macaroni & Cheese was okay.  Not any real flavor here, either.  We are not salt addict, but had to add salt to this side.  It was your typical middle of the road mac and cheese that had broken.
The Cole Slaw was your standard fare.  It did the job, but wasn't nothing spectacular.
The Sauces:
We tried the Sauces before we connected the dots on the shaking/licking thing, as I always put paper towel over the tip before shaking.  Looking around the restaurant, we were the only table employing this method.  Still disturbed by this.  They have six sauces:
Alabama Style - The name says Alabama, which should tell you to stay away.  This is a traditional Mayo/Vinegar Sauce.  Not a knock on this 'cue joint at all, but this stuff is rough by definition.
NOLA East Sauce - This stuff did not remind me of a barbecue sauce, but rather my Mom's Chili Sauce Recipe.  This stuff would bring me back down memory lane on the Pulled Pork.  Props on this one.
KC Sauce - They hit it pretty well - a tomato-molasses sauce.  Not my style, but a fair representation.
Memphis Sauce - A more tomato traditional sauce.  Personally would like a bit more kick.  Second favorite of the bunch
Carolina Sauce - Vinegar-based sauce/mop.  My favorite style.  This version could use a little work with the flavor development.
South Carolina - Another traditional variety I don't understand - the mustard-based sauce.  This version was actually pretty decent.
OVERALL:
I recently received a message from the owner saying that the two big health code issues were fixed, and I am willing to take Pitmaster's word on it until I can swing by and bust out another full review.Now I'm no BBQ expert, but I know some things about smoking meat!  Wait, that came out wrong.  
It was a great meal with a happy ending!  I left with at least four different sauces dripping down my face!  Dammit!  
Enough with the corny one off sex jokes.  This is a legit que joint and if you enjoy real, slow and low que then you seriously need to check it out.  It's served family style which means everyone sits at the same table and passes around platters of meats and sides.  The utensils and paper towels were already out on the table.  Johnny Cash was playing in the background.  They serve sweet tea.  Everything that is required for an excellent bbq journey.  
As soon as I sat down the waitress brought out an amuse bouche of chili.  It's weird to hear someone say "amuse bouche" and "chili" in the same sentence, but I was down to try it and as good as it was it was the worst the part of the meal.  
The pulled pork is spot on.  Crispy, smokey and tender.  Slightly greasy.  It really soaks up the sauce.  I recommend the vinegar based North Carolina sauce or the Mustard based South Carolina sauce.  
The smoked chicken is perfect.  I've never had such good smoked chicken.  It's smokey and juicy no matter what part you take.  The skin is spicy, not hot spicy but spice spicy.  I liked the Kansas city or the mustard based sauce to go with it.  
The brisket is very good.  I've had better, but it's still worthy.  It had a beautiful smoke ring and was very juicy.  I like the Memphis or the KC sauce with the brisket.
The ribs are the boss.  Most BBQ experts argue that good meat, when smoked properly doesn't need sauce, and that is most definitely the case with these ribs.  They are perfect.  If you want to add some sauce, then I would recommend the vinegar or the mustard based, but they are not at all necessary.  
I've been here twice now and the food has been consistantly excellent.  I also think that the service has improved.  The first time I went they were a little slow to bring out new platters of meat but the second time they were on the spot the entire time.  
I can't recommend this enough.  If you like BBQ this is THE spot in New Orleans.Located in Nola brewery now. My favorite wings! Also like the beans. Several sauces to choose from and a large variety. Good BBQI'm so glad I found this place. I just had the pork ribs which had an awesome smokey flavour and the spices they used were delicious. 4 stars - only because it was a bit on the salty side for me. Totally worth coming back for more!Probably my favorite brisket that I've found in the New Orleans area. Always good, portions are good as well. Potato salad was not to my liking but I'm not a huge mustard person.The BBQ here is great and so is the beer selection. We ordered the 3 meat selection with brisket, ribs, and sausage and a side of Mecha chicken wings. The BBQ was succulent and tender and there are several types of BBQ sauce to dip with. The stand out dish were the wings though, the Mecha sauce is WHOA. I just loved the way it was glazed on the crispy wings. The fries were fries and the macaroni and cheese was great with a nice cheese crust on the top.
The only knock on this place is maybe the location since it's kind of in the middle of no where, but you can easily catch a bus that will drop you off right in front of it. After we ate we walked 10-15 minutes through the neighborhood to Magazine street and randomly met Mannie Fresh , who was eating on a porch on Magazine Street (how random). 
Check out my BBQ photo !Count me as your newest fan, Mr. McClure! I've been wanting to try your BBQ for a while now and I finally got the chance today. Holy hell, was it heaven!
First of all, the space is so my style with the picnic table seating, the awesome New Orleans themed art on the walls and the cool vibe. 
The food is incredible. I had the pulled pork, the best Cuban in New Orleans, jambalaya (freaking incredible-and I don't even like jambalaya) and some potato salad that knocked my socks off.  The sauces are all perfect but I'd knock over an old lady for your receipe for that yellow one. No, really...I would push a grandma down for it. I'll be honest and admit to stealing some to take home, in fact. :)
P.S. The framed copies of the Times Picayune when the Saints were going to and then won the Super Bowl filled me with pride. Thank you for that!neil knows what's up w/BBQ, and I don't eat meat! four cheese mac n cheese, collards, and smoked mushroom melt was de-lish. actually put some of the mac on my sandwich. highly suggest trying with one of the six vinegar /sauces in a six pack table side.McClure's is the best.
Whether you swing by for a quick bite, or plan ahead for a nice date-night, this joint is the place to go for great barbeque in Uptown. 
We first came here in the fall after driving by, and being new to New Orleans (knowing full well that the city is synonymous with great barbeque) , we figured we would give it a try. The ambience is great - we were seated right away by a friendly hostess who came over and explained the concept - basically choose your meat and then experiment with the eight different sauces, all available at each table.
The meat was fresh, tasty and delicious. The sides were great as well (the only complaint being that the delectable mac and cheese was a bit lukewarm).
The other day, we happened to be walking by and we noticed the smoker across the street smoking away. We took the detour down the side street to get a closer look/smell, and a very friendly gentleman walked out and greeted us. He gave us a peek inside the smoker, explained the meats, cooking time, and showed us how he carefully checks the temperature all day. We later learned that this was Mr. McClure himself - great guy. We were impressed with the CARE that he puts into his food. 
We went back the next day for dinner and weren't disappointed - I even bought a sweet t shirt with the logo of the restaurant on the front and on the back it says: "Because you don't make friends with salad." Great slogan.
All in all, we will be back again and again.ALL MEATS & ALL SIDES!!! Do it. You will not regret it. Everything is outstanding, get burnt ends, too. Wash down your food coma with one of the many excellent house brewed beers. Great place to bring family or a group of friends to hang out have a good time. Thanks for a great experience!Not bad, but definitely not as good as this city deserves.  Six sauces, none of them particularly good.  The cuts of meat are fatty without much substance to them.  Compared to the other spots in town, except the joint which is pretty tasty, Mcclure's excels.  When compared to bbq you've had in other towns in Mississippi, Alabama, and Tennessee, the offering is pretty weak. 
Definitely try the greens, though, which are delicious.The brisket haunts me like a lover's kiss. I want to stitch an endless supply of it together and constantly be eating a brisket centipede. Brown ale a bit on the sweet side but good Mac an Cheese.Just visiting for a week. Staying by the fr qtr. Drove up from FLA. Got the puppy with us.  Heard this was some of the best BBQ in NOLA.  Also.  They got collards on the menu.  I love collards.  My wife, she's addicted to 'em. Seriously.
They do theirs with Molasses.  A little sweeter than I'm used to but they were delicious.
She just had apps.  Medium helping of greens, small slaw (great), small beans (excellent), jambalaya (pretty good), and cornbread (excellent).
I had the brisket plate.  Very excellent flavor, great rub, many sauces to choose from. I chose Texas which is sweet with a little heat. Mmmm. Had greens and mac/cheese (very good) as my sides.
Place is in a brewery so millions of awesome choices o suds to wash down the BBQ.  Brisket = awesome.
Also, they're very dog friendly.
Recommended 4 sure.We got the platter to try everything.  It really is the way to go.  I thought the portions would be smaller since you get a little of everything for such a low price but no. Large portions and its the same price as getting 2 meals.
Conclusion is the mac n cheese and jambalaya are the only good sides.  The rest are way too sweet.  Oh and the coleslaw was decent. Vinegar based not mayo.  Mac n cheese was better than alot of places I've had.  Not decedant, rich, and creamy, but the baked mac kind.  Good balance of noodles and cheese and a nice little topping of breadcrums. 
The meat all had a decent amount of smokiness - not overpowering.  The ribs seemed dry.  The brisket was very fatty and dry.  Not sure how thats possible for brisket-usually super juicy.  The chicken and pork were good.  I like the variety of sauces to choose from and the explanation of them at each table is helpful.  
My favorite was the jambalaya.  "BBQ Jambalaya" may not seem like much and I really didnt know what to expect but it was very good.  They basically take a little of every meat they have left (even some mushrooms) and make jambalaya from it.  GENIUS! The result is a flavorful, smokey, meaty, jambalaya.  I could eat a bowl of just that. 
Mcclure's is a decent option for BBQ.McClures is the best BBQ going in Nola right now!   The meat, sides and sauces keep you dreaming about BBQ throughout the afternoon. The lunch set up is very simple and the food comes out within minutes.  The owner puts a lot of passion into his food and you can definitely taste it.If you're not salivating as soon as you step in the door of this place, you need to get cha nose checked out. I'm far from the biggest barbecue fanatic, but one can't ignore what the body tells you, mine was telling me to go H.A.M. on their menu and don't let up. Well (luckily) i've long since learned how to control my ever so present urge to allow my eyes to be larger than my stomach and helped myself to the cheese steak and a side of the four cheese macaroni.
I think it all lasted a solid two minutes. My friend told me about this place a while ago and said i'd love it and i should check it out. After months of passing by this spot i finally crashed in here after a little Sun-day drinking across the street at Le Bon Temps. I found the pricing to be fair, it could have possibly been that i felt that way because it was also the first thing i put on my stomach all day (aside from the beer-base) and contributed to it's short-lived table life. 
One thing's for sure, i will be back to try the ribs.Wow, best bbq I have eaten in years. Sauces are varied and all excellent. Its a little wierd to have two businesses occupy the same place, but this works. 1 bbq joint sharing the same space of a  beer joint. Went upstairs, it was empty and awkward... 1 burger and 1 order of 3 meats bbq --$35. A little high on the scale but it was very good. Beers are 4.50 - up.Hi, I'm Troy McClure! You might remember me from films such as Today We Kill, Tomorrow We Die and Gladys the Groovy Mule!
Today I'm here to review the restaurant that always reminds me of...me!
Atmosphere: small, cozy. Picnic table-style seating. Go to the counter, place your order. Sit and wait for a short time.
Food: Pulled pork, side of greens and coleslaw. All pretty good, nothing mind-blowing. The greens, sadly, seem to be inundated with far too much molasses. 
They are banking on the strength of their variety of BBQ sauces, listed in an unworthy fashion here: Texas, South Carolina, North Carolina, NOLA East, Alabama, and.. Pennsylvania? Virginia? I can't recall. But they are all good. No little sample cups, so you just gotta squirt it on the food. By the end, you'll have a little puddle of all the sauces combined, which could be seen as interesting, maybe.
So wait, why only three stars?
Well, we later in the week went to Whole Foods, meat dept. And the quality was amazing. The prices were cheaper! Cheaper! Whole Foods! When a market out-BBQ'S your BBQ, it's time to reassess what's really going on. Also, she got the brisket here, and claimed it looked like intestines. That's not good, right?
But yeah, the sauces are pretty good.This was the first thing we ate on our visit to New Orleans and it got us off to a great start. 
This place was a little bit out of the city and we needed a cab to get there but it was well worth it. It was obviously the place that the locals go and it had its own brewery.
The meat was served from a small window inside the ale house. It was absolutely perfect. We eat BBQ all the time in New York and always look for the highest quality. These guys were some of the best BBQ we ever ate. The pork and pork beans are not to be missed and the brisket was out of this world.
Thank you :)This is the one place we make sure and hit when we visit New Orleans! The owner and staff are awesome! They've won the best barbecue AND the best burger in the city and they were well deserved! 
This last trip, we ordered the All Meat, All Sides again. It's always a shocking amount of food for the price! If you're with a group and want to hit all the highlights, this is the play! One of the guys ordered it and between this being his meal and three of us tasting, we ate about a quarter of it! I just HAD to try a burger and the tacos, so I went that route. I got the bleu cheese and bacon burger served on a fresh Vietnamese roll and a brisket taco garnished with slaw. So good. It all tasted very fresh. The bun was a great compliment to the juicy burger! 
The place is very clean and they sell the softest shirts! Have some lunch, grab a shirt to rock, be happy.I was incredibly impressed with the quality of every dish I had at this place, especially the brisket and pulled pork. The sides were amazing and the sauce selection on the table made for a really cool flavor variety across the entire meal.  I will be visiting on every trip to the Big Easy!I'm a fan of McClure's. Is it as good as The Joint? I don't really know, as I don't consider myself a BBQ connoisseur.I will tell you I have had some good BBQ at both the flagship location and the new one inside NOLA Brewing. 
My latest visit to the taproom found me eating Pulled Pork Poutine over waffle fries. Yes, they were as delicious as they sound. I also got a side of coleslaw because I can say, without hesitation, that McClure's has the best damn vinegar-y coleslaw I've ever had.   I also loved the collard greens and found the smokiness of them to be pleasing both taste and smell-wise. I have sampled the brisket, pulled pork and sausage and was pleased with all of them. I like ribs, but have not had them here, but my 12 year old son loves them (see photo).
On my next trip, I'd like to sample a burger as I saw one come up on the pass that looked amazing. If they had peanut butter pie on the menu, I might be able to kick it up a star.If McClure's isn't the best BBQ in Nola, it's in the top 2-3 for sure. In addition to an awesome BBQ brunch menu with all your favorite BBQ dishes tailored for breakfast, their standard BBQ and sides are fantastic. Notable favorites are their wings, pulled pork (wow...), and ribs. Jambalaya is our favorite side. 
We've had no complaints with anything else we've tried but the above mentioned are consistently our favorites. Some of their sauces are solid while other's simply just aren't my style. Regardless, this has become our go to BBQ joint.Me & my husband wanted some bbq so we ventured to this spot. We both got 2 meats w/ 2 sides combo. The ribs & brisket I got were good & tender. My sides were molasses stewed greens & baked beans. I didn't really like the sides. Probably because they're different than what I'm used to. I also didn't realize it was a brewery too. Which was fine because they had non alcoholic drink options.My wife says they have the best Mac & Cheese she has ever had (she is a vegetarian so no meat for her).  I shared a 3 meat combo plate with my son.  We chose brisket, ribs and pulled pork.  Everything was very good. My son said it was the best pulled pork he has ever eaten.  I also appreciated having six different sauces available at the table to experiment with. They were also very good.  I would definitely go here again.I had the pleasure of eating at McClure's recently.  The dining area is quaint and I appreciate the attention to detail - the ceiling is painted pretty funky!  I had the pulled pork plate with cole slaw and beans.  I also sampled the mac and cheese and jambalaya sides as well as the chicken and brisket.  I did not have one thing that I wouldn't order again.  The meats were all very juicy and well seasoned.  I really appreciate all of the different bbq sauces available to try, they offer a variety of tastes you typically don't get.  BBQ in NOLA is a difficult feat with the abundance of seafood and cajun cooking, but McClure's is spot on.I recently moved into a new home. A neighbor stopped by to introduce himself, and to wecome us to the neighborhood. He seemed like a really nice guy, but suddenly I was blown away by how delicious he smelled. I mean, I was thinking about licking his neck. So, then he tells me that he owns McClure's BBQ on Magazine. I couldn't stop thinking about that smell, so we went there that same week. I can tell you that we have returned at least four times in just a few months, and we even bought a ton of deliciousness to have on hand for our Mardi Gras company. I am originally from Memphis, so my opinion about BBQ counts double. What they do to pork is genius. I don't have the proper words to say how perfect it is. I always get the pulled pork sandwich, which comes Memphis style, with slaw on top, and is placed on these buns that I've never had anywhere else. They have quite a few well thought out sauces. My fave is the Kansas City. The sides are fantastic, too. Especially the magical mac and cheese. My partner is addicted to their BBQ chicken salad. One of our Mardi Gras guests had to sneak in and have several midnight tastings of this stuff. I have been to several local BBQ places in our city over the years, with hope in my eyes, and have always been disappointed. McClure's is the real deal. We will be returning, a lot, and this little piggy is one happy hog!Come early. No ribs. No brisket. No jambalaya. No forks. No clean tables.  Potato salad would be good if wasn't soupy. Pulled pork lukewarm, not really pulled. Still had chunks but tender.  Seating is 8 picnic tables and singles bar.My fiancée and I shared the All Meats & All Sides ($18) plate, which included 4 meats (quarter chicken, ribs, pulled pork, and sausage -- they were out of brisket and gave us extra ribs) and 4 sides (mac & cheese, slaw, BBQ beans, and jambalaya).
MEATS:  Chicken was juicy and fell off the bone.  Ribs had good dry rub and great vehicles for testing all 6 of their sauces.  Pulled pork weren't overly fatty and surprisingly lean (yum!).  Got to go back to try their brisket now!
SIDES:  Slaw was mustard based and great to cut richness of the meats.  BBQ beans were sweet (not tangy) and delicious.  Jambalaya was so-so.  Mac & cheese was a classic - nothing unique but a great side nonetheless.
More than enough food for 2 people.  We had leftovers and dying to dig into them!
By far, some of the best barbecue we've tasted in New Orleans.I had been wanting to try McClure's since before the permanent location and I finally got around to it. My experience was okay and I feel that if I am in the area and want BBQ I will probably return again but I won't go out of my way to pay them a visit.
K and I ordered the All Meat and All Sides, which I think is a great deal. You get to sample everything and the portion is pretty generous as well.
I was most impressed with the chicken, which was very moist. I know smoking is the way to go for tenderness with chicken, but still. I didn't expect it to be that good. Other meats were fine. Not particularly memorable.
My favorite sides were the jambalaya and the beans. The collard greens were interesting but too sweet for my taste. I didn't find the macaroni to be mind blowing. Potato salad was okay and the slaw was interesting.
Somebody mentioned that they have a bunch of sauces but none of them is that good, and I unfortunately agree. I understand that BBQ sauces is one those things where you can't just do one well, because people have different preferences, but I didn't really care for any one of them.
Boo Koo remains my favorite BBQ spot. I love the nachos!Ribs good, the pulled pork was the last of that's day's batch and a bit dry and grisly. They really should just say "sorry, we're out."  Sides were good. The sauces were good with one exception. P spent much of her life in Alabama and ate a lot of barbeque there and has no idea where they got the idea that people make barbecue sauce with a mayonnaise base in Alabama.SO delicious! Had the pulled chicken sandwich with a side of macaroni and cheese, my boyfriend had the brisket with coleslaw, Mac and cheese and cornbread. Tried every type of barbecue sauce (they have 6) and our favorites were Kansas City and Nola east. Highly recommend this amazing little gem!!So glad to have a pitmaster uptown who is passionate about his craft! I have now tried it all at least twice and it is a welcome addition to fine dining !! Great job Neal!!Have been eyeing this place since it opened and I must say, it was worth the wait. It's a small restaurant but makes up for its size in the flavor of the food. You order at the counter and your food is made to order and then brought to your table. Service here is great and the staff is friendly and efficient at what they do.
The food is the best reason to come though. With seven different barbecue sauces, five different meat options and combo plates, you can't go wrong no matter what you decide. Their sides are also pretty tasty. I had the molasses stewed collard greens and fell in love with their sweet taste. The brisket was so tender and the ribs were falling off the bone. 
If you're looking for a barbecue place to have a good meal and get decent sized portions for your money, come to McClure's.  You won't regret it!Great BBQ spot. I had the pulled pork plate and it was delicious. They have several types of sauce including Memphis, Kansas
City, Eastern North Carolina, South Carolina and Texas. I'm a BBQ snob and this place does it right. Will defiantly be going back.I for the most part like this place and the meat quality is pretty good.  The only reason why I give it 3 stars is because the BBQ sauce is very runny much like the consistency water.  I maybe a little hard on the place with my 3 star rating, however, for me the sauce makes the BBQ what it is.  The service is good and location convenient.  If they would just thicken up the sauce I'd give it a 5 star rating.best deal:  All meats + All sides.  This enough for 2 people to share for lunch.  They have 6 different BBQ sauces to try.  My fave was the East NOLA.  Bring a big appetite!We went in on a Tuesday night, not crowded at all. Ordered the platter for 2 so we could try a bit of everything. The portions were good size but they were out of chicken so we got extra pulled pork. Food came in a timely fashion but unfortunately it was all lukewarm or downright cold. The sauces provided on the tables sounded interesting but the containers were greasy and probably had not been wiped down or refilled in days. Ewww. Skipped the sauces. The collard greens had the most flavor and were delicious, the mac n cheese would have been much better if it were hot. Meats were passable but nothing extraordinary. Probably won't go back.Pulled pork and sauces were awesome. As for the sides, I was very unimpressed--potato salad was just potatoes and mustard, Mac and cheese tasted funky, and the beans were very bland. I may go back again, could've just been a bad day for them.Met the owner years ago when he ran Dante's FOH. He is a true pit master and competes annually in Memphis. Here he flexes BOH skills as he is dedicated to true pit life- a "pit master".  Very visible and listens to feedback and reacts accordingly.
Ribs, pulled pork, sides and various sauces all outstanding! Coming back for brisket next trip as we heard neighboring diners unmistakable stark brisket raving.
No beer or tv yet which would have polevaulted it to 6 stars as we were there on college football opening day, the restaurant is in early infancy but sure to be a star!This is the best BBQ I have ever had. I shared the "All meat & All Sides" Tray with my brother and it was the perfect size for two people. Everything was great, the ribs, pulled pork, chicken, and sides. 
I will be back, many more times.While Uptown, I had an opportunity to try McClure's since so much had been made of it. Was disappointed they were out of brisket at the noon hour, but the counter said they just filled a large take out order. They were also out of Pulled Pork so I settled for the Rib plate. All I can say is these were the BEST ribs I have had in some time.
Perfectly done with a wonderful smoked flavor and well barked with a savory rub. McClure's serves St Louis style ribs and they don't "fall off the bone", but rather provide a wonderful,moist,tender bite. Paired with the Kansas City sauce (one of 6 different regional sauces), it was just short of fantastic. 
Sides were the Spicy Sweet Cole Slaw and Pork&Pork&Beans. Neither blew me away. 
Would have gotten 5 stars,except for shortage of brisket and rather average sidesLook out the Joint, there might be room for two fantastic BBQ places in NOLA. I have been to many places in the area and this would be my first choice. My only complaint is no liquor license. The red beans and rice, jumbalaya, mac and cheese, and potato salad are all phenominal. My recommendation is to bring two or three other people and split the all meats and all side platter.McClure's is solid BBQ.
Many yelpers like to pontificate about their BBQ credentials when writing reviews. I'm sure their vast experience eating baby back ribs from Chili's qualifies them as some sort of expert, but for me, none of that matters. I am no expert, but when I want BBQ I want my meat cooked slow and low with lots of smoke. McClure's BBQ fits that criteria and does it pretty well.
Here are the items I have had and what I think about each one:
Brisket - For me, this is the bellwether of any BBQ joint. McClure's version was smoky, tender and had pretty good bark.
Ribs - The ribs are very smokey and have just the right firmness to the meat. I know many people like their meat "falling off of the bone", but that is not indicative of legit BBQ. The ribs may be my favorite item on the menu.
Chaurice - If you're not aware of chaurice, you need to be. Chaurice is Louisiana's version of chorizo and this spicy sausage is phenomenal when smoked. This may be my second favorite item on their menu.
Brisket cheese steak - I do not like normal Philly style cheese steak sandwiches, but the addition of smoked brisket with melted cheese and peppers make for a great sandwich. This sandwich does not lend itself to being a to-go item because the bread gets soggy, but I'd definitely order it if I ate inside.
Sauces - The mustard based sauce is phenomenal. Dip the chaurice in this sauce and you will dream of that combination. It is among my favorite BBQ sauces I've ever tried.
Sides - The creole potato salad and macaroni are my favorite. In particular the potato salad is spicy and creamy and I highly recommend it.
I think McClure's has some of the best BBQ that I've had in the city. I still think Nola Smokehouse has them beat, and it remains my favorite, but if they're not open, or sold out, I'd recommend Mc'Clure's.If the Joint isn't open this place is not a good alternative. The meat was all fat. The guy working the counter was moody not that that would prevent me from eating good food but it accentuated the lackluster experience. Damn you joint damn you and your xmas vacation!!!This was my first trip to McClure's, and while it won't be my last I will be more careful with what I order. For take-out one Sunday I got a pound each of the pulled pork and the brisket, and a pint each of the potato salad, cole slaw, mac and cheese, and jambalaya. Yes it was to be enjoyed during a Saints game. The only thing to be enjoyed during most of the Saints games this year.
The pulled pork and brisket were great. We were able to sample the assorted sauces while we waited for our order to be assembled. Would love to eat at the restaurant so I can experiment a little more with the sauces and meats. But we chose the Kansas City and Texas sauces. Everyone liked the Kansas City the best.
The sides were less thrilling. The potato salad was swimming in sauce and so was more like chunky soup than potato salad. The flavor was okay. The mac and cheese suffered from weak cheeses. They were all so mild that there was not much flavor. Going up against barbecue you would think maybe a sharp cheddar or something along those lines would be good. The cole slaw should have been labeled celery slaw as that was all we tasted. Plus it was dry, very little dressing. Like the concept but the execution was lacking. Finally the jambalaya is listed as barbecue jambalaya on the menu and I heard the man behind the register explaining to another customer that  they used the smoked meats in it. While this was our favorite of the sides I expected more after seeing barbecue jambalaya on the menu. Next time I guess I'll just add some sauce to it.
Finally, the menu board said they had a caramel coffee bread pudding, or something along those lines, and being a bread pudding fiend I had to get some. It was not good. No sauce and it not very sweet. Plus it had crumbles on top that were a mystery to all. Were they supposed to be there? They weren't sweet either so we scraped them off.
Overall, the meats were really good, next time I'll try the greens and pork and beans for sides, and avoid dessert.The disproportionate size of the Dong Phuong bun to the meat was a surprise, but somehow this burger still managed to work. It was like something dad threw on a really hot grill, and had lots of char and smoke--one of the crustiest burgers I've ever had in a restaurant. The smoked onions were a terrific compliment, and the quality of the bun is worth overlooking the size. The amount of char is a tradeoff of tenderness, but serious burger lovers should check this one out.McClure's BBQ is a relatively new spot in Uptown New Orleans. The ribs are outstanding with a nice sweet/savory rub. The sausage is good, but a bit greasy (understandably so since it is a LA sausage). The brisket has a good smokey flavor. 
I recommend the pork and beans and collard greens (which is unusual coming from me) as sides. The Mac and cheese is fine. Their cornbread is sweeter than expected. 
The sauces are great. It's hard to recommend one because you need to try them all to find the one you like. 
The ambiance is very southern/New Orleans. Nothing terribly fancy, which is what you'd expect. 
So why 4 out of 5? It's good bbq, but if you're from a BBQ-heavy area this won't blow you away. That said, why would you be in New Orleans eating BBQ in the first place?My husband wasn't even hungry as we stumbled across this place. Yet he found the will to put down a rib plate with jambalaya and cole slaw. Great ribs and the mustard bbq sauce complimented it well - ribs were a bit small, but good flavor and juicy. Jambalaya was also nicely made, just enough spice.Fantastic and tasty BBQ at a reasonable price and inside the Nola brewery.  This combination is amazing; you get local great beer with many selections while enjoying excellent BBQ.
We ordered the ribs, always our favorites, and fried chicken, special of the day along with few sides, all were great, tasty and amazing flavors.
One of the best BBQ spots in all of NOLA and a great brewery to go with it...Talk about great BBQ...this is the place. 
Two of us shared the 'All Meats, All Sides'. Advertised for two but to be honest three could eat off it. Pulled pork, brisket, chicken and ribs plus collards, slaw, Mac n cheese, jambalaya, potato salad, and pork and beans. Six fantastic sauces, each unique and tasty. And great value!  BBQ is always expensive but this was four meats and six sides; $32 was a great deal.McClure's is a bona fide bonanza of brilliant BBQ.
 I was there for lunch today, for the umpteenth time this month. I was warmly greeted by the owner, Troy, whom I love. I fondly remembered him from such meals as: Yesterday's Lunch, The Day Before That and Other Times I Ate There. Sadly though, Alice doesn't live anymore.So this is my first time trying McClure's at the Nola Taproom. It will be my last. 
I was lucky and a bit spoiled when McClure's first opened their previous spot on Magazine, Literally steps from my house. Loved it. Space had a great atmosphere, service was great and food was great. Eat in was a treat since they had all the sauces available at the table. I usually got food to go, but loved the dine in experience.
Fast forward to now, the Magazine space is no longer and they are apparently focused (or not so) on the taproom partnership with Nola Brewing. The food seems to have taken a hit. It was still pretty good. The brisket was okay, the sausage was great, and the sides left a lot to be desired. Beans tasted old and the mac and cheese had less flavor than something out of a box. My wife got the chicken cordon blue which she said was good, but maybe had 4 ozs of chicken when advertising for 8 ozs. 
But even if the food gets a pass, the service was unforgivable. Awful is putting it nicely. As we attempted to put our order in several times there was some obvious unrest in the kitchen and we uncomfortably waited for the argument to settle down to finally give our order. The person taking our order offered no apologies for having to wait while he told his coworker that he hated working with him and dropping some f bombs on him along the way.
Now to make it even worse, the setup is awful. There is no system to get people in or out of the process to pick up or order food, just sort of a chaotic fend for you self system of a cluster f&$k. And adding insult to injury you are only able to order drinks at the bars, we were just having tea and apparently this insulted the bartender and was told that there is a $10 minimum on credit card orders. Well hello we just spent $50 at the food window. So we opted for the free water at the door.
So maybe with the redesign and a staff change or training it could get better, but I will never know.My favorite thing to eat at Mcclures is pulled pork with Cole slaw.  I eat both I'm the same bite.  The textual combination is most satisfying. The slaw is vinegar based, not a heavy mayo slaw.  The pork is tender and smoky and delicious.  They pair amazingly. All the sides are good and a bit different team the norm, a refreshing experience in the bbq world.  The mac and cheese is very good, beans are different but awesome. 
They also offer bite sized desserts, baked in-house and at very reasonable prices and portions. 
My husband and I often split all meats and all sides.  It's a great deal and you get to try everything.  It's a must for first time visitors.  We like to save the chicken and make smoked chicken paninis for lunch the next day.I didn't know what to expect from this place, as a coworker suggested we go there.  I had lunch there last week and, just, oh my gosh.  I had no expectations, but when we got there, we were greeted by a very friendly owner and seated among strangers who became friends.  That's right, it's family-style.  
I cannot begin to talk about the chicken. It was amazing.  Just amazing.  I'm not normally a fan and only got a piece because of the family style, but wow.  It was tender and flavorful.  I also really, really liked the ribs and the brisket.
But let's focus, if we can, on the mac and cheese.  I feel as though, based on my indulgence over the last 20+ years, I'm a connoissuer.  It's ridiculously good, to the point where I'm likely to see if the owner will sell me a catering dish for my next pot luck.
Not sure how well the family style experience is going to work out long term, but I suppose it's a good way to get the product out to everyone at this point.
All in all, great experience for a great price.  Would recommend.We went to McClure's BBQ because we had heard from so many people how great it was and how they may shut down due to the neighbors. Well...let me just list it out for you.
Pros:
- Mac and Cheese was good
- Ambiance was ok,
- Staff was nice.
Cons:
- Meat was under cooked. Rib meat should be falling off the bone. 
- Mustard Greens were so under cooked you could barely eat them. They were also not chopped up so you had to cut them with a knife.
- Jambalaya was so spicy you could barely eat it.
- Cole Slaw tasted like cabbage with creole mustard in it. Could have been better.
- The music was so loud I had to scream to my husband who was sitting two feet from me.
- The BBQ sauces were so watery they didn't stick to anything.
- It was expensive!I got a delicious pulled pork sandwich from these guys on parade day. It was served on a Duong Phong bakery bun, which was yummy in its own right and a choice of sides. I went with the collard greens, which were good. The sandwich was large and had a lot of meat on it. I went with a little bit of the North Carolina sauce but it didn't really need it. 
Because it was the season, they were selling Duong Phong king cakes by the cake and by the slice. I got a slice of king cake later on and you can't go wrong with that. They don't have alcohol there but there is a bar across the street and they don't mind if you BYOB. I'm generally not a BBQ person but enjoyed my sandwich very much.Best BBQ I've ever had. Split the three meat with my husband and tried the pork, brisket, and sausage. All were delicious. For sides, we had pork and beans, mac & cheese, and coleslaw. Again, all great. Mac and cheese was a little salty for me, and the beans were not as sweet as I'm used to, but really good. The coleslaw was really good, but again, not what I'm used to, so I didn't eat much.The smoked cuban was really good. My wife had the mushroom melt and didn't think it was very good. She also had the mac and cheese and thought it was "fine". So stick to the meat here and don't try to feed any vegetarians here.My buddy and I had a few hours to kill before our flight left New Orleans so we decided to walk around the garden district and ended up at NOLA Brewing Co. for a beer. As an added bonus they had McClure's BBQ serving up food inside the tap room. I was thrilled since I hadn't been able to try any BBQ during my stay in the city. I ordered the 3 meat combo with two sides but unfortunately they were already out of both the ribs and the sausage so I settled for brisket, chicken, and burnt ends (which weren't on the menu). They were also out of their Mac n cheese which was a bummer. My buddy ordered the poutine with pulled pork. Both meals were delicious. I almost docked a star for them running out of food by 3:00 pm but that must mean that the ribs, sausage, and mac n cheese are that good and based on what I had, I would imagine that is the case. This was some of the best BBQ I've ever had. Definitely recommend.This was our second visit to McClure's and, sorry to say, it will be our last.We arrived on a Saturday just after 1PM. There were tables available. My wife ordered the chopped brisket sandwich and I ordered the two meat combo with ribs and brisket We were given an electronic pager then we went to our table.When the pager went off I went to pick up our order. Only then was I told that they were out of ribs. There was one rib on the plate. They told me they had given me extra brisket. They were 4 slices of brisket. The rib was dry and tough. You had to gnaw it. But the brisket was close to inedible; dry, tough. You couldn't cut it with the plastic knife and fork available. I had to pick up the slices and pull bite-size pieces apart with my teeth. A quarter of my wife's brisket sandwich was left on her plate. There were huge chunks of fat, just fat, on the roll.  I showed it to the kitchen. They asked if I wanted something else. What I wanted was someone in the kitchen to give a damn. That sandwich, the rib and the brisket should never have gone out in the first place.  BTW, on our first visit the music, controlled by Nola Brewing, not McClure's, was so objectionable one couple left and I had to ask that they change it. The F-bomb was blaring out of the speakers every other line. This is NOLA. So many other, better, choices.Very good. Although I've yet to try much everything, everything I have had has been outstanding. I would agree with other people's review's who say stay with the pork. Only con is that its a little cramped. The mac and cheese was amazing alsoHad a fabulous lunch at Mclures today - New Brunswick stew with smoked chicken, cornbread and a drink for $10. I had enough leftover for dinner! Now that's a deal anyway you look at it. Also had them cater a work event last week and it was awesome. LOVE their greens, sausage and pulled pork. The ribs aren't my fave but I'm willing to work around those for sure! Too many other delicious option ls to dwell!!This was by far the best bbq I've eaten in new orleans! Moist & extremely delicious!! The jambalaya was really good but the potato salad had a bit too much creole mustard for us. I highly reccommend stopping in! Really a great meal.Great brisket sandwich. The potato salad was meh but also I was hungover so it could be my fault.Recently I  went to the new location of McClure's for lunch on a Friday around 12pm. It wasn't crowded you shouldn't have any issues finding seats even up to 6 individuals in your party. It's connected to Nola Brewing, which means they have all types of beers on draft for you to try... in particular... SEASONAL PEOPLE!!!! This makes things worth it... Note if you not much of a drinker, there is a slightly limited menu for thirst options. Available is water, Coke and Sprite bottles (glass though so that helps) there may also be some Diet Coke.
Food... Well NO COMPLAINTS... Let me just say I was full and unable to eat the rest f the day. They definitely don't slack on the portions and actually give you enough for the price. I went with the brisket, because I call myself a brisket connoisseur and I wasn't disappointed. It's I my top 5. Seasoned and tender and multiple slices! I went with the Kansas sauces which tasted a little sweet and tangy and I put it on everything! With the brisket plate, you can get 2 sides, in which I went with the Waffle Fries and Barbecue Jambalaya (which was a gift from heaven with the flavor and amount of meat found inside)... This meal did not disappoint.
Ladies, this is a great place to bring you guy for a date if he's into the beer and meat, he will be appreciative. This is also a great location for a low-key friend's outing. 
Street parking, but shouldn't be any issues in the area.We decided to try this spot when we had a craving for barbecue in New Orleans. We are pretty picky when it comes to BBQ, since we have perfected it at home. We envisioned the ideal southern BBQ, and were unsure of what we would find here. We walked to the spot from the St. Charles Streetcar, and it was a scenic walk. I'm in love with the homes, and culture of the area. It is a nice perk. Once we walked through the door, it was 40 minutes before they were closing. It made me nervous to think of what we might be served, but we were willing to take the risk. I ordered the combo plate with pulled pork and sausage. The pulled pork is a winner. The sausage had great flavor, but wasn't served piping hot. The quality of the food is amazing and is totally worth the price (fairly reasonable, in my opinion for what you get). The mac n cheese is delicious, as well as the collard greens. They use molasses in the greens...and it is a sweet and savory heaven on your tongue. Sweet tea is bomb.com. I could have drank it all night, but would have never slept. Free refills. I wanted to bring leftovers home, but it was so good--I ate it all! My man ordered the brisket and ribs. The brisket was great, the ribs could have cooked a little longer to become more tender. The food was amazing, and not just because it was decent for being 40 minutes before closing. It was actually the best BBQ I have ever ordered at a restaurant that got every single dish--on point.We came to this place because we heard their burgers were great, then when we got there we were told they weren't serving burgers, so we got bbq. It was delicious! I had the rib plate, while my boyfriend had brisket. He loved it and so did I! The meat was delicious, and there were lots of different bbq sauces to choose from, and each was recommended to have with a certain type of meat. The sides we had were waffle fries, potato salad, and Mac and cheese, and all of them did not disappoint. They serve beer from the NOLA brewery that it is connected to, which my boyfriend also enjoyed. Would definitely recommend!I ordered the Cuban sandwich and it came w/ 1 side, so I got the molasses stewed collards. They had a bunch of tasty sauces on the table w/ the ingredients listed and which sauces paired well with what meats. Highly appreciated. For all of that I paid $11 and it was well worth the price. My greens were sooooooo good, but they needed to be washed better I bit into dirt a few times and they also needed to be cooked a little longer. Besides the molasses I wish I knew what else was in the greens, so I could make them myself. I tasted my friends jumbalaya and it had a nice little kick to it and the staff let us sample the Mac and cheese. It was the wet kind, not baked so I opted out of that for my side. Other than that, the service was friendly and I have no complaints. I really wish I had more of those greens, that's how u know they were really good because they weren't even perfect and I still want more.BBQ officianados won't be disappointed. On this day, it was being served up at Nola brewery. 
Meats were delicately flavored and very moist. Loved the ribs and pulled pork. Chicken was very moist but not very smokey. Didn't care for the sausage but only because I don't prefer chorizo and that's what it tasted like. 
Only sampled two sides: coleslaw and macaroni. Macaroni was great. Coleslaw was unusual with lots of mustard and vinegar - would have been outstanding except the spiciness was too hot for me.Soooo good! My husband and I decided to check out McClure's after we saw it on cooking channel and it not disappoint! We had the brisket cheesesteak and a two meat combo. The chicken and ribs were awesome. And the sides oh man!! The jaThis has been the best meal we have had since arriving in town a few days ago. Wow. Pulled pork was so so meaty and scrumptious. I love having an array of sauces at my fingertips. The collard greens were the best I have ever had.Brisket was okay but not salty/flavorful enough to truly enjoy unsauced.  Seven sauces (well, five that were at least reddish to begin with) was too many yet still somehow none hit the mark. The potatoes in my potato salad were undercooked.  I may return but my heart belongs elsewhere. 
Oh and ladies, if you're ever wondering where all the men in town are, they're all here with each other eating copious amounts of meat.One of the better BBQ establishments in a city that's not really known for its BBQ. Can't go wrong with the brisket, though.SO GOOD! What else can I say? This was one of our FAVORITE places that we ate at during our trip. We had a meat sampler with some traditional sides and everything we tasted was incredible.I'm from Kansas City, grew up on great BBQ, & now live in So. Cal. where the BBQ choices are limited & pretty pathetic.  On recent trip to N. O. I was referred to McClure's and was blown away buy the quality and price.  This is the real deal..... genuine wood smoked.  The Brisket is awesome and the sides are delicious.  Definitely 5 stars for food and great location.  Loved it!Unfortunately my review is poor only because they were out of brisket, chicken, and ribs on my visit. I wanted to experience some southern BBQ while visiting but they only had pulled pork and sausage available: it was delicious, rich, many sauce choices for a sauce whore like myself, and the meat was well seasoned moist and excellent. Cornbread was a winner.This place is freaking awesome. The brisket is tasty and super tender. The ribs had lots of meat and were tasty as well. The spicy sweet cole slaw was delicious. This place has it down. I'd eat here all the time if I lived in NOLA.Best Beans ever, great spare ribs, awesome prices.  I want to see this place as a permanent restaurant.  Going to keep going back here.  Limited menu, but what he has, he does very well.
  Interesting and very good sides, seven BBQ sauces, and perfectly smoked meat.I only had the bbq pulled pork amd jumbalaya at their stand at Fiya Fest 2015. But boy was it phenomenal! Big ole sammich on a nice flakey bun. Delicious! The jumbalaya was a huge portion and possibly the best ive ever had! I can't wait to get to the full restaurant! Especially that secret redfish.I was in the mood for some mac and cheese, so the hubby and I ventured out to McClure's hoping for some good BBQ.  Well, I think we found it!
Here's the run down:
The hubby got the cheese steak sandwich.  This was the part we liked the least.  We couldn't taste the brisket because it was covered in cheese sauce.
I got the half rack of ribs.  Yummo.  A good dry rub is all you need for good BBQ.  If you have to drench it in some sorta sauce, then it ain't BBQ.  They do have a lot of sauces to sample, for those who like sauce on the side for dipping purposes.   Overall, tasty.
The best part of the meal, all the wonderful sides.  We got the mac and cheese, coleslaw and jambalaya.  The jambalaya was my favorite.  It had bits of brisket, bits of chicken, bits of sausage and not too tomatoe-y.  With green onions to top it off.  Moist and delicious.  The hubby's favorite was the slaw.  How slaw should be: crispy, lots of vinegar and mustard.  No mayo!!!  The best slaw we've had in awhile (and we just had some at Franklin's BBQ in Austin).  And I totally got my mac and cheese fix.  Ooey gooey goodness, with a little crunch on the top.
We are already planning our next trip.Lots of flavor to offer.  6 kinds of BBQ sauce.  I only sampled the 2 and boy was it good!  If nobody is looking, I probably will lick the paper which the food was put on.  The food is well seasoned.  The chief may like things on the more al dente side.  The pork beans and potato salad can cook a little more.  Still the favor was good and I left no crumbs.  The BBQ was excellent, brisket,  pull pork, chicken, ribs was wolfed down in 2 sessions.  I took half of it on the plane for dinner and make my neighbor so jealous.  Have the 3 meat with sides: $16.00  The jambalaya is the best sides and the pork beans comes in 2nd.  
I see most people order the sandwich/burger for a filling lunch.  
Great service, better then the Joint.    Lucky I don't live here otherwise I'll come often and gain 40 lb.Top notch BBQ! I've had BBQ at some of the best places around the country (Texas, Tennessee, Kansas City, etc.) and this rates as good if not better. A lot of thought and effort also goes into the sides which are normally a passing thought at most BBQ places. Loved the Cajun coleslaw and the collard greens. We ate the all meat and all sides platter for $20, more than enough for two people. Very friendly owner and staff provide great customer service. Run don't walk to this restaurant.BBQ in Nola is generally mediocre. However, I was excited to give this place a try as I live nearby and miss good BBQ having lived in other parts of the south . 
I got the 3 meat with 2 sides combo.
Pros.
 Pulled pork
 Sausage 
 Mac n Cheese
 Pork Beans
 Sauces 
Cons. 
 Brisket 
The pulled pork was tender and juicy and the sausage was as well. The Mac was creamy and the Pork beans were very fresh.
My only complaint was the brisket which seemed a little tough and lacked great flavor despite the excellent smoke ring.The brisket is artful. Great bark to it, nice pink smoke ring and with the Kansas City BBQ sauce I literally had to hug the owner. I was overjoyed. And my daughter who claimed she doesn't eat BBQ had plenty of chicken and mac n cheese.
YOU HAVE TO TRY THE BURNT ENDS!Not impressed. Party of 4. 
Service attitude was mediocre at best, both ordering and picking up food. 
Ribs dry and tough, pulled pork was a big sloppy mess and fatty, sausage was okay, but dry.  Sides we had -- fries :pretty good, beans: undercooked with very fatty meat added, potato salad; large chunks with odd minimal bland sauce, coleslaw; 1 like/2 meh/1 disliked. Sauces were interesting, favorite by majority vote was Kansas City, followed by Texas. 
While conveniently in the Nola Brewing taproom (excellent btw), that wasn't enough to raise this review above 2 stars. Revisiting the taproom is in our future, but will eat elsewhere prior. 
There are numerous food trucks in the city that could blow them away, given the opportunity.I looooovvvveeeee eating here! Everything I have had here is delicious, but my favorite things to eat  are the burgers. I am so sad though, the last time I ate here, the buns weren't the same type of bread as the beginning. The first type of bread they had was almost like French bread. It was delicious! Maybe they ran out? I hope they bring back the French bread buns!!!!Not bad!  I've been looking for a good bbq spot down here after moving from Texas and this is the best I've tried so far.  Meat on the pulled pork was tender and flavorful, and the sauce selection was solid.  I found the sides a little bland, didn't really like the beans or the Mac and cheese.  Some of the best meat I've had down here, though.I went here to get lunch a couple of weeks ago with my girlfriend and was underwhelmed. We arrived around 1:30 on a Monday and they were out of brisket, which was okay for a typical barbecue place. They were serving red beans and rice instead of the pork and beans which were on the menu (apparently that's what happens on Mondays), but that was unclear until we got to the register.
We ordered a Cuban sandwich and a pulled pork sandwich. Both of our sandwiches had someone's hair in them. The Cuban was missing pickles when it came out. When I requested them, they were sweet pickles, which is a bit unusual for Cuban sandwiches, and so I didn't end up using them. The Texas BBQ sauce and the coleslaw were decent, but they were a bit too sweet. 
The food was only okay, and both of our sandwiches had hair in them. I'm sure there are better barbecue places to visit.I was back in New Orleans yesterday training my new Lackie and decided to check out McClures Barbecue based on the Yelp Reviews. I Love Barbecue. I have eaten BBQ all of the country and have studied it deeply. Overall, McClures was good, but not Great! My rating: 2 1/2 stars. I decided to round upto 3 stars because of the Brisket even though I was tempted to give them 2 stars based on the sauces alone. 
After attending 'Memphis in May' 12 times in the last 20 years, I have tasted the very best barbecue in the world and I can tell you that the number one rule to barbecue is that 'the Meat should be flavorful enough to stand alone without a sauce'. This was true with McClure's Brisket and Ribs, but not with the Pulled Pork. Despite being tender and having a nice smoke ring, the Pulled Pork was flavorless and boring. And without the potential flavor developed while smoking the Pork Butt, no sauce was able to properly save it. 
The very best thing about our meal was the Brisket.. It was very good and could stand upto to the big-boys on the BBQ circuit. Very tender, juicey, smokey, savory and it had a great smoke ring and outer crust. The Brisket gets a score of 9 out of 10. The Ribs gets a score of 7 out of 10; they were good, but I have had better. The sides were good, however, the Pork & Beans tasted more like chili due to the excess of Chili Powder and chili is more of a Fall/Winter dish. The cornbread was really sweet and had didn't have any Jalapeno flavor as was described.
7 Sauces! I tasted all of them several times and they were all disappointing. BBQ experts dedicate a lot of time to learning how to develop and concentrate the flavors in their sauces. The sauces at McClures seemed to be put together quickly & without much love. Each sauce represents a prominent BBQ appellation. --East North Carolina Sauce (score: 3 out of 10): described as a Spicy Vinegar. This vinegar lacked depth; simply put, it tasted like a boring conventional Apple Cider Vinegar mixed with red pepper. The flavor was quick to leave the palette and didn't linger on the tongue like a good Carolina Vinegar should.  --West North Carolina Sauce(6/10): described with Tomato, Onion and Worcestershire. I could not taste the onion however, it was slightly sweet. I liked this the best, but it still can't stand up with any of the sauces I tasted during my many trips to the Carolinas. --South Carolina (2/10): Mustard, Vinegar and Spice. I LOVE a good Carolina mustard sauce, but like before, this sauce lacked a deep flavor. The mustard sauce was weak and like the vinegar sauce above, the flavor was shallow and too quick to leave the palette. I could taste the raw distilled white vinegar and I personally hate distilled white vinegar.  --Alabama(1/10): I am guessing that this sauce is a tribute to the White Sauce that BBQ Champion Big Bob Gibson developed years ago (though, I believe that BBG's sauce is milk-based)... and it is just as bad. Mayonnaise has no place in Barbecue (except for in the slaw). This is nothing more than a bad creamy salad dressing and it is McClure's BBQs biggest BBQ sacrilege! --Memphis (5/10): Again, a sauce that failed to live up to its legacy. --Kansas City(2/10): All that I can taste in this sauce was the raw chili powder. Chili Powder in a sauce is like flour in a sauce, it needs to be simmered. The raw chili powder flavor overwhelmed anything good about this sauce. --NOLA east(?/10): described with sambal, hoisin, soy and molasses. I am guessing that this is a Tribute to the wonderful culinary legacy brought to East New Orleans by the Vietnamese. I need to go back and taste this again to be fair in its flavor description. I remember that I didn't hate this sauce, but I didn't love it either. 
My $50,000 BBQ consultant advice to McClure: The Pork Butt needs to be brined & injected; but ultimately, it is very difficult to get right. Personally, I would drop this from the menu and concentrate on keeping your Brisket consistent. Your Brisket is your bread & butter. It is perfectly honorable to have a limited menu of food items done extremely well. Your Pulled Pork just isn't there yet; keep practicing. --Pick your best 3 Sauces and drop the rest including the mayonnaise based sauce!! Once you have mastered these sauces, add a seasonal sauce and rotate a new one in every once in a while to keep your patrons interested. Stop trying to please everybody with a large variety of sauces, your outfit is just too small right now to do 7 sauces properly. Start playing around with vinegars as it is the most important ingredient of barbecue sauce. Vinegars can be as complex as wine and beer. 'Vom Fass' on the corner of Magazine & Nashville Avenue has a very impressive selection of unique vinegars that should get you started down the right path. If the label says Distilled White Vinegar, than it should only be used for cleaning.--And finally, tone down the Chili Powder. This ain't Texas!LOVED IT! Great food and awesome beers. The bartenders were very knowledgeable about their beers and helped us pick out beers for our flights. The upstairs has a nice balcony and games to play!  Came from Chicago and was the best food we had in New Orleans!3.5/5 meals for days.
another one of the "i thought i already yelped this" reviews, but seems i didn't. here we go. 
so i think i've tried everything here already. went big on the first visit and opted for the all meat all sides. found the chicken and pulled pork to be most engaging, the ribs and brisket had some tenderness/dryness issues. sauce was needed. on the sides, i'm probably only really drawn to the macaroni, which has a nice bite to it. glad they got rid of the undercooked german potato salad and redid the style. wasn't to taken to any of the other sides. so this place is under my quantity with quality list, thinking specifically of the pulled pork and mac. maybe i'll come back for another try at the brisket, but also kinda wary.Truly a 3.5 rating. This is solid, above average bbq. Probably some of the best you'll find in NOLA. I really liked the small but clean dining area with picnic style tables. I tried the smoked chicken (juicy and well seasoned) and the ribs (tender but a little fatty). The jambalaya was really good and the Mac and cheese was perfection. The dry rub they use is really nice, not too salty and with a little heat. I tried a few of the sauces: South Carolina tasted like honey mustard and was good with chicken. The Kansas City and Memphis style were right with the ribs. Next time I go back I want to try the pulled pork. Husband said the sausage was really good. 
Honestly, as a Texan, I couldn't give it 4 stars because I've really had the best. For NOLA style bbq this was good and I'm gonna be back.Holy pig and cow!!!! This place rocked my world tonight. I love me some good bbq and this was amazing. Now you can only go for dinner on Tuesday night at Dante's Kitchen (Dante's is closed that night) and McClure's is open for lunch everyday during the week. So you get for $15, four different pieces of meat, whatever they have for that night, I had brisket, a heap of pulled pork, two pork ribs and a chicken wing. They bring you a nice sized bowl of each side item and they were coleslaw, potato salad, corn bread, pork & beans, and mac 'n cheese. My favorite being the mac 'n cheese, it has bacon in it, my least favorite being the beans, a little too much cumin. Overall the food is amazing. For lunch they apparently have sandwiches, I would love to get my hands and mouth on a pulled pork sandwich. I suggest if you love bbq you have to try McClure's!A friend told me about a special Friday dinner offering of Smoked Redfish with Lump Crabmeat at McClure's Barbecue.  I called ahead to confirm the offer and was told that they would begin serving at 6:30 p.m.  I rushed home, picked up Ann and we arrived at McClure's to be the first patrons ordering the special Friday dinner offering.  The dinner came with two side orders, so I ordered cornbread and molasses collard greens and Ann had the greens with Jambalaya.
When our meals were served, the proprietor came over to our table and asked if everything was okay, because he had not yet tasted the fish himself.  Well, we ate our meals but I don't think they were exactly what we ordered.  Another special Friday dinner offering was Shrimp Tacos or Jerk Fish Tacos, and I think that our fish dinners were the Jerk Fish and not the Smoked Fish, because I did not detect the flavor of smoke.  Instead, our fish was crusted and spicy, sort of  flavored like blackened fish.  Also, the molasses collard greens tasted okay as well, but not what I'm accustomed too, and not what I would prefer.  The cornbread was served cold and not made from yellow corn meal, like the Jiffy Corn Bread Mix, prevalent in this area of the country.
I don't believe I'll be experimenting with anything except barbecue from McClure's from now on.This was awful. The sauces all taste the same but different colors. Salt, pepper, and vinegar. The bread was too thick even if there was 15 lbs of meat on the bun. The staff was really un-inviting. Had to keep dousing my sides in the sauce that sucked just to give it flavor. Not a place I would return to.Best bbq in the NO.   Actually better than mine!   Four cheese mac n cheese was great.   I will return.I love this place.  It is in a cool/hip area of the Garden District and is easy to get to.  Easy parking and lots of places to stroll about in working up your appetite...but don't wait too long...cuz when they run out...they do.  2p is a safe 'late' time for eats.  3p and you are pressing your luck.
Try the ribs, try the greens, try the EVERYTHING you can.  This place rules and I'm coming back on my next visit to New Orleans.Going into the Nola taproom I was surprised to see a BBQ restaurant,i had to get some. As it turns out they are amazing the food is on point. The Cubans great the molasses mustard greens are amazing and the channel stout bondine balls are pretty good. If you're looking for a place with great eats come and check them outImpressive.  
I tried McClure's when they were operating as a pop-up out of Dante's Kitchen and loved it.  Happy to say their transition to brick and mortar has gone very well and nothing was lost in translation.  
Went with a 3 meat combo - brisket, pork and ribs.  All meats were very good - one piece of brisket was a little tough but outside of that it was excellent.  The ribs and pork were cooked perfectly. If I had to choose though I would rank ribs, pork, brisket. The sauces were a nice counterpoint - although I find the "traditional" Kansas City sauce too sweet for me.  Luckily there are 5 alternatives.  I am particularly fond of the Memphis and Nola East on the ribs and the Carolinas (North and South) on my pork.  My brisket remains unadorned.  I also really liked the baked beans, which are non-traditional but packed with flavor and a lot of meat.  I would seriously considered getting them as a solo meal.
The atmosphere is nice and casual as it should be.  We went on a Wednesday night and had no trouble getting seated but noted that they do a steady take out business so good option for a lazy night.  BYOB is a huge plus for now, although not sure if that will last.
Great addition to the neighborhood - although seriously worried about its effect on my waistline.Some of the best bbq I have had in the city. The pulled pork was moist, the sides were great which is a big change from other bbq joints around the city. They feature a vinegar slaw which I prefer over a mayo slaw. The highlight was the molasses collard greens which were great. They have every sauce you can imagine even some I have never seen before. I will be back soon to try the ribs.Great experience at McClure's!   All of the meats and sides were extremely flavorful...so glad I got to try everything (see below).
My favorite side was the pork and beans...just absolutely perfect flavor...best baked bean dish I have ever had, hands down. I think I had 3 servings.  All of the meats were great, so it's tough to pick a favorite...but I'm usually not much of a dark meat guy, but the chicken was awesome...very tender inside, with a nice crust on the skin.
My biggest surprise though was the family style seating. I honestly wasn't sure how it would go over, and I could tell that when the other 2 parties sat down at our table (we all pretty much sat down at the same time) everyone really didn't know what to expect...but then the wait staff just started bringing food out and everyone passed everything around, and by the end of the meal we were all having a conversation and everyone told everyone "have a good day" and whatnot. It was a very unique and refreshing experience...one that I think will really set it apart, b/c as far as I know; they're the only place in NOLA that does seating like this.
The other benefit of the family style is not having to only pick one thing. I got to try literally everything on the menu...like I said earlier, if I had to pick an entree, there's no way I would have ordered the chicken...but b/c of the family style I got to taste it and was very pleasantly surprised.
I will definitely be returning!The worst service ever. They wasn't so friendly what so ever. I got the ribs,brisket, mac&cheese ,& p.salad. First off the ribs was absolutely cold,dry on one end and raw on the other end. Disgusting! The mac&cheese so cold!!! The potatoes salad was nasty! All you taste is pure MUSTARD! And what's up with the tomatoes laying on top of it?! The Brisket was cold,dry&BURNT! The sauces was ok! The worker was mean,he told me ha ran out of something&ask him to repeat it so I can repeat it to my boyfriend. He said "didn't you heard me?!" Then he through my receipt at me! And then I ask for sample cups to put my sauces in,he breath heavenly and gave me the cups. Then if you order can sodas /water you have to get it out the coolers yourself! This was my first time here and I wasn't impress!!! I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone! Next time I'm sticking to the best BBQ place in town,which is "THE JOINT" never again!!! If I could give ZERO star,I would have!Recommend the try everything plate sans the beef brisket. Would ask if they could switch that out for something else, wasn't my favorite.
You get all the meats and all the sides plus all the sauces for like $20. It's huge, can be shared bw two people with lots of leftovers. Definitely recommend.
Still like the joint better for ribs. However the joint is a pain to get to if you're uptowan and the hours aren't that great and not gonna lie, not my favorite place to drive to at night, you can get lost over there. If you're uptown and want  BBQ this place does the job, plus I like their sides better. Especially the jambalaya. It's the bomb.I have been here a couple times and it never disappoints. I usually get the pulled chicken and the 4 Cheese Mac. They have a variety of sides, like collard greens, corn bread, and baked beans. However I really recommend the Mac and cheese, it's delicious! My husband really enjoys the pulled pork and ribs. The service is super friendly and the atmosphere is nice. The only reason for me not giving it a five star rating is that I wish they had a sauce selection that wasn't as vinegar based. They have 6 yummy sauces to accompany your BBQ, but they are all runny sauce and I'd prefer to have a thicker sauce as at least an option. If you're looking for BBQ in Nola give this spot a try!It was pretty dang good and i liked its style.  walk in and order up front.  small menu but it was good.  i had the brisket sandwich and it was great.  it was quick and cheap and the jambalaya side was good too.  i am an idiot and forgot that they have various sauses on the side bar so i ate mine dry and still really liked it.  i would go back in a heartbeat.  this area of magazine needed something like this and this fills the spot perfectly.Made it to McClure's hoping to get a barbecue sandwich at 9:37. Was told they closed at 9:30. Every online source says they close at 10:00 PM. Either the times listed in the online sources are incorrect, including McClure's website, or the person at the register lied.McClure's has moved to NOLA City Brewing.  They have a little kitchen within the tap room where you can order amazing BBQ.  A group of friends and I visited NOLA Brewing after walking around Magazine St.  It is about a .5 mile trek from the main shopping area of Magazine st. 
The BBQ is amazing, probably the best I have ever had. I had a pulled pork sandwich that was piled high with pork. They have 6 or so different sauce options from NOLA as well as Memphis version, Texas, and other versions from around the country.  I tried a couple different ones and they all were amazing.  The meat was so tender and the perfect balance of smoky and flavorful. We all stuffed our faces because the food was sooooo good, and I swear I was full for the next 24 hours.  
Stopping to have a beer and BBQ at Nola Brewery is a MUST.  It is definitely the type of place locals know about, but tourists don't since it is a little ways off the beaten path. The BBQ and beer is a perfect marriage, and is definitely worth a visit.We live around the corner. Went for brunch on a Saturday and ordered the "country breakfast" which is supposed to come with several items: 3 eggs, bacon, potatoes, etc., all fairly basic and simple. When it came out (20 mins later--they were not busy at all), several of the items were missing. When they guy we called over finally came over, he actually had to look at the brunch menu to double check. They came out later, but it was a simple order, so the oversight was especially disappointing.
On separate occasion, let's talk pork ribs: I know McClure's competes in Hogs for the Cause and other competitions, but here's my take: they are fairly tough as if they need to be cooked low & slow for longer, and though there is a dry rub; there is no real bark to speak of. On the plus side the smoke ring penetrates a good quarter-inch. The pulled pork sandwich is much better; the sauce selection is quite good.
While NOLA is becoming more of a BBQ town, it's the details that matter--otherwise it's just a bunch of folks throwing supermarket ribs on a charcoal grill filled with hickory chips. Think about developing a bark, a smoke ring, cooking low & slow for hours, take off the backing membranes on ribs, along with any silver skin.Amazing food at this little BBQ shop off Bordeaux. The smells of the meats can be found a block away in either directions from where the wind blows that day. I caught the young pitmaster walking with at least 8 brisket with his super human strength (at least 80 pounds) on a tray at 6 in morning after leaving the bar, real commitment while everyone is sleeping. Went to talk to him and he explained the whole process and techniques on how they smoke, also told me about how his boss is at a BBQ championship, and after eating I can see why, great young chef learning from his boss McClure, he is lucky to have such an amazing Protégé. People complain about the hours and lack of food at McClure's but being a retired BBQ chef myself from Texas, I know the commitment it takes to keep a place running all day, but I can't imagine having enough food for a whole day and unexpected orders smoking while others close their doors early. People if they sell out its not because they aren't cooking, but they literally sell out because its so good, just like Franklin's BBQ in Austin... they sellout in a hour everyday..and no one gets upset over that. The food is delicious and can tell how everything is made fresh everyday. Making BBQ is tough and eating their fine smoked meats just makes me realize how lucky ya'll are to have McClure and his amazing staff to satisfy our bellies with affordable BBQ in the great city of New Orleans. We'll take him in Texas..
Best plate..the affordable All Meats and Sides..really... its a steal..amazing amount of food with good quality sides but who comes for sides..the stars on the sheet pan is the meats, ribs to perfection (best ribs ever..seriously), brisket juicy and moist, smokey pork, mouthwatering chicken..how its not dry..I don't know and lovely sausage cooked perfectly not over smoked. McClure has talent on his smoker while he is away winning..I will be back!Maybe it was a bad night.  Maybe my expectations were too high, but I would give McClure's about a 3.5.  It wasn't bad, but I don't know if I'll return.
I'm a BBQ snob and I've eaten BBQ everywhere.  Everyone has opinions on what BBQ should be, McClure's with numerous sauces, tries to please everyone.  The two sauces I liked were the KC and Memphis.
I got the pulled pork and the brisket.  The pulled pork was pretty good.  It had a nice smoke flavor, but wasn't overly smoky.  The brisket seemed a bit tougher and lacking the smoky flavor I've tasted in my BBQ runs to our Western neighbor. 
The jambalaya was a bit crunchy.  Yes, crunchy.  The greens were terrific.  They were the highlight of my visit. 
McClure's wasn't bad, but I feel like the foodie hype machine was in overdrive for this place and they still have some screw tightening to do.This place is the real deal!! As a New Englander who is totally deprived of decent BBQ I was in heaven at McClure's. The food here is incredible. I got the pulled pork plate and my friends got the "All the Meats & All the Sides" platter which I sampled and pretty much died over. The different sauces here are the real selling point- they are all really unique and delicious and we enjoyed sampling them. I hope to get back to New Orleans soon and when I do I will definitely swing by McClure's!Best BBQ in Nola hands down. All it takes to have a good BBQ restaurant is quality meat, great sides, and a mix of sauces. That's exactly what mcclures delivers.Finally after months of smelling the aroma and gettin tastes during saints games?  Take out!   Yeah baby.   Briskett.  Pulled pork.  Ribs.  Mac n chee.  Collard greens.  Four sauces.  Texas?  Yes.  Kansas?  Yum.  Couth carolina? Mustardy fun.  North carolina?  Nice vinegar.  All the meats were savory and tender.   My dogs couldn't wait for the bones after spending a day at doggie day care smelling bbq all day.   Wow was the heat and flavor of the collard greens.  Just crunchy fun!   And the smokey mac?  With crunchy bread top?  I could overdose on that.   This is def the best bbq I have had in new orleans.Worth the hype? I think not.  Good sauces. That's it. Ambiance was uninviting. Did not enjoy brisket, sausage, cornbread, beans, Mac and cheese, collars greens, or ribs. Maybe the sandwiches are worth it.  Otherwise, there are plenty of better places in Nola for BBQ. 
Only really redeemable quality was the cleanliness. 
Next time I'm hungry for BBQ I'll just go to rouses for some ground beef and make a burger. That at least would satisfy.Most delicious barbecue I've had in a long time! I highly recommend this cute/cheap little restaurant! I was so full I didn't need dinner.Had the brisket po boy with jambalaya side. AMAZING! Brisket was so tender it melts in your mouth.good bbq. i have been 3 times now. lots of great sauces. the pig is always fresh and tasty. love the location too. 3 doors down from my place.   ice tea is good as well. but of course you come for the bbqExcellent Q if you ask this Texas girl! Love how cozy the place is and the sauce selection is incredible! The guy who runs the place aint bad either! Good luck at the big Memphis cook off!BBQ is simply overrated, and the staff/owner aren't very nice at all. Bad service.Best BBQ I have ever had.  Ribs are phenomenal, brisket is to die for, and the chicken is superb.  My absolute favorite is the macaroni and cheese side dish.  This place is a MUST!!!Best BBQ in town, for sure! Excellent pulled pork, sauces and sides. Mac & Cheese can't be beat. They have 7 different sauces on every table - all of them are wicked good. Memphis and Texas sauces blew my mind. 
Ribs are better at Saucy's IMHO, but everything else is better here, including ambience. Highly recommended.McClure's provided me with two personal firsts.  My first BBQ in the south and my first meal in NOLA.  After 3 solid days of driving it really hit the spot.  I had the brisket cheese steak with jalapeno cornbread.  I'm by no means a BBQ pro, but the sandwich meat and cheesy deliciousness and the corn bread was like none I've ever had.  
The service was fast and friendly which is always a huge plus.
I will say that as I was finishing, the folks at the next table were getting their meals and I instantly felt like I'd ordered the wrong meal.  They had gotten the meat combos and it nearly had me ordering a second lunch it looked so good....but no regrets, I didn't want to over do it for lunch and mine was very good.My husband and I went to Mcclure's for a late lunch while visiting New Orleans from Denver and have nothing but amazing things to say about this new place. We tried a variety of meats. The pulled pork was delicious and tender. The ribs were falling off the bone and were mouth watering delicious. The chicken was moist and very good. The sausage was just the right amount of spicy. We also sampled all the sauces and it was fun trying the various meats in each of them. I especially liked the Kansas City (on the ribs and pulled pork), and found the Alabama creamy sauce (on the chicken) to be intriguing (it would really taste great on fries). My husband especially liked the Memphis. We also sampled the sides. The beans were full of meat and sweet and mildly spicy. The mac-and-cheese was creamy and everything you would dream of for mac-and-cheese. I love coleslaw and theirs was one of the better that I have tried. It was crisp and crunchy and vinegary, not mayo-based and gloppy like some out there. The very best, though, was the jambalaya side. The jambalaya was seasoned just right, smooth, and wonderful. I scraped the plate to get every last grain of rice.
The dining atmosphere was casual, relaxing, and welcoming. The host was friendly and genuine. We felt like we belonged. We both recommend this wonderful place.Love the bbq. I always get the 3 meat plate. Didnt know they had burnt ends though until i saw picture on yelp. I will try those next time. The greens are so good with that vinegary taste and so was the dirty rice. My favorite sauces are the Alabama white and the North and South Carolina. The Joint used to be my go-to BBQ spot but McClures might have my number one spot now.This is the only decent bbq uptown. All the meats are tasty with a good smoke flavor. The sides are fantastic. Nice selection of sauces. 
Since Popeye's closed on Magazine St I have been getting my quick chicken fix at McClure's. Its so good! The dinning room is a little boring with no flare but who cares.  Only problem is it seems like they are closed quite often during listed hours. This has happened twice in the last month.Best brisket I've ever had in my life.  
Coupled with some damn good 4 cheese macaroni and you've got a recipe for complete satisfaction. 
If you have time to treat yourself to some pure deliciousness, I highly recommend that you swing by McClure's and let your hunger be your guide.Very good! Mac n cheese is yummy. Jambalaya is good.  BBQ is good.... really differs from other places, in a good way.  A selection of different sauces to choose from.  Decent prices for really good food, and nice portions. It's a comfortable and inviting ambiance. 
I recommend it, and have been back several times.My husband and I moved here from the Carolinas and BBQ was a major part of the culture back home. After hearing about the upset in the uptown neighborhood about McClure's smoke "stinking up the neighborhood" I had to stop by and give it a try. It was mediocre at best! I am not much of a fan of regional sauces being offered on the table. You can't dump a whole bunch of eastern Carolina sauce on some pulled pork and expect it to be representative. I am sure that other regions are similar, but the experience starts in the kitchen, not at the table. Oh and the mac'n'cheese!!! They call it four cheese mac and cheese and yet it wasn't very cheesey. Too much milk left me wondering how many cheeses were actually in my four cheese mac and cheese! 
While the food was nothing to write home about, it was made worse by the awful indie music that was playing at an overwhelming volume! I don't think you need to play country music for a barbecue joint to be considered good, but at least keep the volume at a manageable level.  
I will not be back.Decent BBQ joint in uptown New Orleans. Both times I've gone they've been out of things (such as bread the last time we went.... What is bbq without bread???) They gave good sized portions for the price. I got the chicken and thought it was good. The slaw was not mayo based but tasty and the Mac and cheese was fine. My friend got the pulled pork plate, however the meat was a little dry and the potato salad and collard greens were fine. I like the fact that they have the 6 sauce options on the table so that you can choose what you think goes best with your food.
Food -- 3 stars
Price -- 4 stars 
Service -- 3 stars
Atmosphere -- 4 starsI'm quickly becoming a McClures regular, as my too-tight jeans will attest. 
McClures is not the best BBQ in town (that honor is without a doubt bestowed on The Joint in the Bywater)  but it's still damn good. The menu is a good selection of carnivore-friendly dishes, with everything from BBQ-style tacos to brisket. Their side dish options are equally numerous and delicious. The mac and cheese is thick and has a nice little crust on the top. The greens are YUM. Even typically boring coleslaw is zesty and crisp. As for their meats, i always find myself wishing that they were just a litttttle smokier, a little more tender. Still, they all have good flavor. I'm a BIG fan of the ribs. And the selection of half a dozen BBQ sauces to experiment with.
A few weeks ago I discovered their "taco bar" and THAT is where my world changed. For $3 or less, you can get a delicious, meaty taco (pork, beef, fish, al pastor, brisket, are all options) and then fill it with toppings of your choice. I opt for big chunks of cheese, fresh pico and cilantro and sour cream. I think this is a hell of a deal for really good quality food. 
And don't forget TACO TUESDAY, where those delish tacos are only $2!!! 
Another bonus to McClures is that they flout NOLA's annoying habit of only being open a few hours every day. McClures is open from 11-9, five days a week. Which means they're actually a great hangover breakfast on a Saturday morning. However, I will warn you that by 8pm they're usually sold out of some of their hottest meat items, so if you've got your heart set on a particular dish, dont be late!!Neal decided to go back to the kitchen and start making specials again which are actually better than his bbq. This time on Monday's they have a delicious buttermilk fried chicken special for $7.50. Two pieces white or dark with two sides is a great deal. The sides I got were just ok, as usual his red beans could be cooked a little longer as some of the beans were still hard and unfortunately he changed his jambalaya recipe for the worse. I will try this again next week with different sides but the chicken is phenomenal, its a must try.Wanted to get back here a second time during a short trip to NOLA but unfortunately didn't have time. Great BBQ. I'd eat here anytime. Brisket was juicy as and sides of grits and collards was perfect. McClures we need you in Australia.Neil McClure saved my life!
That may be a bit dramatic, but I'm well known as a drama queen around these parts, so let me explain. Saving my life may be an overstatement, but Mr. McClure and his new location at the Nola Brewing Tap Room sure helped me score some great BBQ which helped feed my addiction to smoked meats. 
The new location inside the tap room is a match made in heaven. Nola Brewing produces some of my all time favorite brews (Hopitoulas and Irish Channel Stout), so adding one of my favorite BBQ purveyors was pure genius. The layout is pretty snazzy with both bar height tand regular height tables. The bar located at the back is beautiful with all those taps, but I'm not here to talk about that. I'm here to discuss the damn fine BBQ. 
Ordering takes place at the window to the left of the bar. Orders are taken via iPad and your given a light up vibraty thing for when your order is ready. Today I was desperately craving brisket, but both McClure's locations were out. Since I was already at the window I decided on pulled pork, ribs and chorizo. While waiting for my food I was greeted by a man who I immediately recognized as the owner. I told him I was craving brisket and he humbly apologized saying it was his fault that he didn't make enough for lunch, but assured me he would have some for dinner. If I didn't have to be across the lake then, you can bet I'd be first in line for that brisket. 
The food was as good as I have grown accustomed to at the original location. The pork was tender, smokey and had several pieces of bark that I love so much. The ribs were absolutely incredible. They were perfectly smoked with just the right amount of give one expects from smoked ribs. None of that fall off the bone none sense here. The chorizo was perfect. I'm not sure why all BBQ joints don't smoke chorizo, but they should. That spicy sausage goes so well with smoke that I could probably live on that for the rest of my life. 
The BBQ stood on its own without sauce, but I want to comment on one of the sauces that I think is beyond anything I've ever had. Their South Carolina mustard based sauce is so damn good that I literally licked the top of the plastic ramekin to get every last drop. Imagine driving by me at work and seeing me shoving a plastic ramekin in my mouth. Yeah. That's how good it is. 
My one complaint is that there is no way to call ahead and place an order at this location. I also always worried that my company's prohibition of entering bars at work would prevent me from waiting around here for food, but don't let the name fool you. This is much more of a restaurant atmosphere (at least during lunch) and kids are even welcome. 
In summar, McClure's is awesome no matter which location you try.I was told to eat here by a local from another place I ate at recommended my another local. This place is located in the garden district (mainly a hipster area). Serving all types of BBQ . Being from the south I love my BBQ. 
There brisket was amazingly tender, great smoke lines and just super juicy. Order with some jambalaya and some creole cole slaw. Let me tell you this is the best BBQ place I've ever had brisket. The best part is there selection of BBQ sauces! All just amazing catering to different pallets. Although there jambalaya was a tad bit salty for my taste , their creole cole slaw was so delicious and complimented the brisket well. It had no mayo but had a like vinegar base with the creole flavors. I can dig that. Kudos to the man who made the brisket. Whenever I come back to Nola I will be back at Mclure'sHoly Cow! We had a wedding welcome event at NOLA Brewing Co and McClure's catered for us (about 60 people). We got the "All Meats, All Sides" and the "Shrimp Boil" -- People RAVED about how good the food was. There wasn't a single thing that *wasn't* delicious. The only thing I'd do differently is order 3x the mac n' cheese, because people attacked that tray. 
I should also add that Neil was super easy to work with. We just explained our budget and what we wanted and he knew just what we needed. This was a GREAT experience.BBQ is pretty good. I've had a lot better. Prices are reasonable and portion size is generous. Baked beans were very good and Cole slaw was too. My cornbread was inedible...Almost burned and they charged me $1 for it. Entrees tried were pulled pork..Very good. Brisket soso. Sausage was good. Wings were horrible didn't taste right like they were old.All meats and all sides fed 3 of us to an absolutely stuffed condition. Everything was tasty and delicious.  They had 6 different sauces at the tale representing flavors from all areas BBQ.
Staffs was friendly and gave us extra Mac and cheese to take home since it was closing time.  We'll be back and bring friends. 
I've had BBQ in Austin, Tuscaloosa, Chicago and many other cities and this place holds up to everyone.I've always said that New Orleans is not really a town for barbecue, but it's slowly starting to pick up. McClure's Barbecue is a place that began as a pop-up restaurant and has now established itself Uptown on Magazine Street. The building it moved into, just across from Le Bon Temps, has an interesting history as the last few places there include a veterinary hospital and a tattoo shop. I was a bit surprised by the hours, seems like staying open past 9 on the weekends they could do pretty well with the Le Bon Temps crowd.
Another concern was that it is a hike from downtown; if you only have an hour lunch break, you may worry about getting there and back on time. However, no need to worry, we easily made the round-trip as they have food ready to roll. You simply order at the counter and within minutes, good-tasting barbecue is sitting on the table in front of you. As far as service, I'll give it a 16 out of 20.
The food was quite good, some of the better barbecue I've had here in town. The best thing is a wide-variety of sauces (seven total). And another good thing is they actually give you a description of each of the sauces. Often barbecue places just put the sauce out and say "North Carolina" or "Mojo" and you really aren't positive what it is, but good descriptions here. I had a pulled pork platter with 4-cheese macaroni and the barbecue jambalaya. Both excellent sides. The pulled pork was very good as well; I tried three different sauces with my favorite being the South Carolina, though I wish I had tried the NOLA East sauce (sweet & spicy, hoisin and soy sauce). I'll give it a 33 out of 50 for sauce.
The atmosphere was good too. Typical barbecue joint fashion with picnic tables and benches - though well finished, clean, shiny. They have about eight tables. I'm a bit concerned that we went at noon and there was only one other table occupied. Hopefully they do good evening business, but again, keep in mind, they're quick, so you can make it there-and-back quickly from downtown. Atmosphere is an 18 out of 30.
Final score = 67. (I created a restaurant ranking system which includes a total of 100 points: 50 for food, 30 for atmosphere and 20 for service).BBQ isn't the most healthy food but in moderation, there's nothing quite like it when you find a place where the pitmaster knows his craft. I last had McClure's BBQ 2 years ago with the 3 meat combo of ribs, brisket, and pulled pork and remember that I enjoyed my dinner there and was pleasantly surprised to find an Uptown parade coming down Magazine Street when I finished. I enjoyed the 3 meats but thought the brisket really stood out but didn't get around to writing a review then. 
In January, I got to McClure's on my latest trip and got a pound of brisket to go along with the Texas and Kansas City sauces. The dining space isn't as large as The Joint but I enjoy getting in touch with my inner caveman at both places.
Unbeknownst to me, my friends had gone that day to have huge deli sandwiches for lunch and I was unable to contact them about meeting for lunch so it was carnivore time at McClure's for me. The brisket was just as good as it was 2 years ago:  moist and flavorful with a visible smoke ring permeating into the pink of the meat, and both sauces worked well with the brisket. The friends returning from deli lunch were eyeing me with a bit of food envy and what I didn't finish, I shared with some of those friends the next day. The brisket was well worth the return visit and the leftover BBQ sauces made good condiments to jazz up sliced lunchmeat sandwiches later that week.Well so go's the end of this love affair. New Orleans is one of the worst major cities in the south when it comes to barbecue and when McClure's arrived I had hope that I could finally have a place I can rely on for my BBQ fix but sadly they have proceeded to ruin the business. When I woke up this morning and turned on my computer I saw a photo on Facebook from this day last year when I enjoyed a great rib dinner from McClure that featured a a black eye pea soup that was astounding. What made McClure different was his sides were excellent and every now and then he would show his talent as a chef. Well somewhere along the line he got the idea of opening a satellite location in the new Nola Brewhouse. Once again a local business chasing dollars instead of quality and running away loyal fans. Having eaten at the brewhouse location it was as I feared, price increase, quality decrease because he is trying to serve too many people. The greens that I loved are not on the menu at the other location brewhouse location because he wants high volume. The specials that I loved like the prime rib, the Smoked Thanksgiving Dinner, smoked brisket pho, all gone from the menu. Its a shame what has happened here.Brisket Cheese Steak was very very tasty. The bbq jambalaya was good but was even better with the addition of one of their many bbq sauces. We went for an early lunch and there was no wait. Food came out quickly and the bread the sandwich was on was super super fresh.OMG! Very nasty, rude and unprofessional guy at the cashier.  I wouldn't ever come and patronage this place.  They have extremely poor customer service and I'd never recommend this establishment to anyone.  
Ordering a 3 meat combo for $22.50 that comes with an option for chicken and this jerk rudely tells me, "We don't have chicken, can't you see the tape over it?"  I said there is no tape over it and sure enough he forgot to put tape over the chicken in the combo section.  I canceled that order and walked out.  
I DO NOT recommend this place for customer service driven folks like me.  This unfortunate incident occurred on a Saturday during the BUKU fest weekend and they should've been excited to have new faces and patrons. They're located inside NOLA Brewery but have the worst attitude, perhaps he needs a brewsky to take that chip off his shoulder.  Never again.Came here with a friend and it had a great chill vibe. The beer was great (my favorite was the Pink is the New Berliner) and the bartenders were super knowledgeable. The food was also great, definitely taste all of the sauces!I had the St Louis ribs with the potato salad and 4 cheese macaroni as my sides.  All average at best.  The 4 cheese was bland and underwhelming.  The ribs were pretty decent but I wasn't blown away.  And creole potato salad was far from creole.  Alittle disappointed but nola brew house is such a great setting that it makes the experience worthwhile.So inconsistent. The brisket can be great or it might be chewy and tasteless. The jambalaya is good but the side portion varies from a table spoon to a full bowl. The slaw is great but sometimes they forget it entirely or just throw on a few strands. At its best, McClure's is very good, but I'm tired of wondering what I'll get when I order the same thing every time.We ordered catering from McClure's for a 60 person lunch yesterday, and it was awesome. 1 - it was ready right on time; 2 - they included utensils, napkins, plates, etc. for no extra charge; 3 - the food was very hot and fresh when we picked it up, so was warm for a really long time for everyone; 4 - everyone RAVED about the food; their brisket, mac n cheese, and collard greens are OFF THE CHARTS. Thank you McClure's for an awesome lunch. We will definitely order from y'all again!  Also, side note--I checked every bbq restaurant in the city that was open on Sundays, and McClure's is the cheapest (even cheaper than Voodoo and Dickey's).EAT HERE!  This place cares about their food.  I had sausages and brisket.  The sausages had a great smoky and slightly spicy flavor and the brisket was juicy and tender.  Nice pink ring from the smoke.
They have a platter of all the meats and sides that I will try next time I go.  
I tried all seven sauces, good idea letting me customize my bbq.
I didn't need the sauce though, the meat was great by itself.
This place has great flavors and did not disappoint.This place is a little out of the way, but it is so worth the trip. If you are in New Orleans you MUST go here. I rate this higher than Acme Oyster for the top places you have to go to while visiting NOLA. 
I had the Cuban and the potato salad. It was the best sandwich I have ever had. We will be coming back before we leave. It was amazing.The ambiance is cool, very much like you were at a friends BBQ but transplanted inside. The portions were satisfying, but not overwhelming, and the taste was great without the sauces (the art of dry rub is key). The really great part of this restaurant is the variety of sauces. They've got everything a red blooded BBQ fiend could want spanning all the grill meccas, Kansas City, Memphis, Carolina, Texas, New Orleans and even Alabama. The draw to return is definitely the variety of sauces. Definitely a worthwhile check if you are craving a unique BBQ experience.I first put 4 stars but then I remembered that they had an Alabama style white BBQ sauce, and being from Bama I can say that it is as close to white sauce as I have found since moving to Louisiana from Bama.  For those who have never had white sauce put it on the BBQ chicken.  It will not disappoint... I guarantee! 
I did the brisket and the chicken and they were both great.  The brisket had a nice smoky flavor without being dry and the chicken was nice and juicy.  I did the Memphis style BBQ sauce on my brisket.
Next time I will be trying the ribs for sure.
There were a couple ladies sitting next to me that had an entire platter full of food that took up their entire table... Might have to trade that with a friend next time I go.
They are BYOB so grab a daiquiri or a six pack to split with a friend and go and enjoy!FINALLY - The awesome pop-up is now brick-and-mortar! Put on your fat pants and get your butt over to the yumminess. My fave is the ribs with Memphis sauce. And don't go without getting the mac n cheese. Can't wait til I can visit the new home of McClure's.I was supposed to meet my friend and his wife for dinner but they were in such a hurry to the feeding trough that I made it in when they were ready to walk out. Observing the Lenten tradition of no meat on Fridays I was excited to see the post on McClure's Facebook page of a smoked redfish topped with crabmeat. Well this was one of the best dishes I ever had at a bbq joint. The fish was moist and delicious with a mild smoked flavor, even the crabmeat had a smoked flavor. They had a good
pineapple salsa with fresh cilantro on top that really picked up the flavor of the fish. The vinegar cole slaw and molasses collard greens were outstanding as always. I really enjoyed this dish and will definitely be back for it again.Nice little find for some awesome BBQ. Came around 4pm to find they were closed until 5pm to prep more food so we went to have a beer at bar across street. Took this as a good sign that the food must be great to have been sold out during the day and we were right!! Ordered the 3 meat sampler to get a little taste of everything. Got the ribs, pulled pork, and brisket. Came with 2 sides and we chose the slaw and jambalaya. Each table has 6 different sauces to try and we sampled each one. Best BBQ I have ever had. The brisket was my favorite. The resturant was clean, staff were friendly, and service was quick.My reaction: "Mehh......."
The jambalaya was lacking, the greens were ok, the brisket was dry (well the first portion, my husband was still hungry and went back for more which was a little more moist), the ribs were tough tough tough and dry dry dry, the pulled pork wasn't smokey, and all the meat just seemed to lack flavor, both in smokiness and "meatiness."   It was an odd hour and perhaps I should give it another shot.  There isn't much good BBQ in New Orleans which makes McClure's still one of the best, but I had just hoped for much more.Neil brings perfection to BBQ.  No cutting corners, everything from scratch.   While everyone else is sleeping, McClure's is already firing up the smoker and preparing your meal. 
Good old, down home cooking.  You owe it to yourself to give it a try.This place is DAMN good! What I don't understand is why are they rated 4 stars and why isn't there a line out the door all the time?? I won't complain to much because I hate lines and love how fast my food hits the table!
The sides are bomb! Collard greens are perfectly sweet and sour. Greens are cooked perfectly! A bit tender, not soggy. Yum! Mac & Cheese isn't bland and has some texture with the crumbs! Beans, flavorful and delicious! Jambalaya... Well, I don't like jambalaya but I had plenty bites of Mcclure's! I could pass on the slaw and potato salad. Cornbread was moist and delish!
Meats! Umm.. You can't go wrong with anything! Well, except I wish the ribs were smoked rather than baked. They're a bit dry and definitely not fall off the bone. However, the flavor is good. My favorite was the brisket and lamb. Seriously drooling over the thought of them!
If you love yourself, go to Mcclure's ! They're doing it right !Outstanding Brisket and Ribs. I ordered the combo meal which is perfect to sample 2 meats. Both were delicious and tender. You can sample various sauces which represented various regions-was definitely unique and yum. Potato salad and cole slaw equally very good. I highly recommend!
Service excellent and venue very clean and comfortable. Reasonably priced.Okay, I Am a big fan of ribs and after reading reviews of this place, I figured I had to try them.... Well I have to say they were hands down the BEST ribs I've ever eaten! Ridiculous ! Fall off the bone good ! The cashier even comped me a side of pulled pork which I devoured as well. Now I'm in a food coma, but oh so worth it!! I had the jambalaya and Mac and cheese. All super delicious !  Must go!!!Fly, drive, walk, ride. Get to McClure's anyway you can! This was the single greatest barbecue experience that I have ever had. My family enjoyed the chicken, ribs, brisket, and sausage. Each meat was exceptionally paired with a sauce. And as for sides, do yourself a favor and pick the cornbread and the Mac n cheese.If you blind-folded me and put the food I ordered each of the four times I've eaten at McClure's, I would think each plate was from a different restaurant.  This place is super Inconsistent.  I live near Mclure's and want to like it, I really do. I've been there 4 times now and the first time was really great. Each time after that it has gotten worse. The ribs are barely room temperature and definitely do not "fall of the bone." 
I have ordered the "all meats and all sides plate" each time I've been there and it has been worse each time.  
Really disappointed in the ribs. The pulled pork is really good, but it's not hot enough. They have to figure out a way to keep their food warmer, and I'm not recommending a microwave. 
The server was cute for a BBQ place. There are like 6 sauces, but only one of them was good.  
I think McClure's still has time to turn it around. I hope they do. New Orleans does not need another subpar restaurant.Came for the brewery but found some amazing food too. These guys do it right mixing some different flavors like poutine with brisket. Now a dish I will have to replicate. Their brisket is a must,great bark and excellent flavor, (coming from a Texan ).Pro: Easy to park, very friendly staff, Immaculate seating area and kitchen, Some of the Best BBQ Chicken
Con: Everything on the Menu except for the Chicken
Details: Mcclure's has had a cult following in NOLA since they were a pop up restaurant and I love supporting small hometown businesses. However, if your idea of BBQ is fall off the bone ribs, juicy pulled pork, sausage that you can bite into without the wrapping staying intact (forcing you to just eat the filling), Mac and Cheese that is rich, sauces that are thicker than water, then stay away. 
In contrast, if you hate traditional BBQ then you might like this place. I ordered the sampler plate which included every meat and side on the menu for $18. It was a ton of food and a good price. I arrived right when they opened for the afternoon shift and my meat was ready 5 minutes after I ordered. The Brisket was so tough that it could have been made out of rubber and there was no taste! I think they cut off all the fat before they cook it. The puled pork was also terribly dry and bland. The sausage wrapper would not give to a bite so you were left with forcing the filling of the sausage out with your hands. The chicken was pretty good and I do recommend this one item. The ribs has so much potential, but for me ribs must be accompanied with good sauce and let me tell you something the sauces they have, all of them are gross. I mean someone is lying to the owner because those sauces are not good. The sides did not farewell either, but I do recommend the Jambalya and beans (however both of mine were served cold). The Mac and Cheese is not Cheesee and they sprinkle  4 different types of cheeses when just cheddar would work, if that is your thing you might like it, but for me when I think of BBQ Mac and cheese I want rich texture similar to backed Mac and Cheese and this restaurant's version is cheese less and should be presented to customers as pasta and not Mac and Cheese. I went to the restaurant at 6pm sharp on Aug 28, 2013. It is obvious that this restaurant is attempting to differentiate itself from traditional BBQ and I think they were too successful in doing so, because what I had was no BBQ.This is the kind of place that doesn't need any verbose description to tell you how good it is.  Neil makes amazing BBQ of all types, he represents regional eccentricities in his sauces and just knocks it out of the park.  From construction workers to businessmen all are welcome and all are enjoying the food.  The sides are the only mildly weak point in his offerings, but they're still good.  Don't bother reading reviews, just scoot over there and eat your face off.  I dare you to try to save some for leftovers, I haven't been able to.I really liked it. It was good. The food was great. Good food. I liked the brisket better than the pulled pork. That is just a personal choice, because the pork was great. Best side is the Mac-n-cheese.The new permanent location is right across the street from Bon Ton and I much prefer a BBQ joint to the prior tattoo parlor at this location.  Unfortunately the beef brisket was tough and rubbery like a shoe and I KNOW they can do better as I had better back when they were just doing pop up at Dante's.  I don't know if its because they have been so busy being newly opened and needing to put out a high volume or what but the brisket was definitely in need of a lot longer time in the smoker or it was cooked at an incorrect temperature.  I was also pretty disappointed in the portion size as the Joint gives you a whole lot more meat for about the same price.
The chicken and pig seem to be the things they excel at here but I'm a brisket fan and unless they go off and learn from some Texas pit masters or our very own brisket masters at the Joint I'm going to keep my BBQ love for the Joint.  I really hope they get the brisket down as this place is a lot closer to my house than the substantial trek I have to make to the Joint.  I like how they offer a wide selection of sauces but they have got to focus more on the MEAT and do a LOT of work on the brisket!!!  The cole slaw was decent while the mac and cheese still needs a lot of work and it just doesn't seem very cheesy.  The only thing that really has flavor and is well done here is the chicken.
BYOB.Excellent barbecue! Pairs well with the beer from the brewery that it inside of! Only 4 stars because they were out of a few items on their menu I would have liked to try. The wings and potato salad was awesome! Get an Uber, make the trip, you won't regret it.Let me start by saying "I'll be back!  It was an unseasonably cold day in New Orleans (in the 30's), so I dropped in for lunch and decided on the Brunswick Stew.  Great choice!  I must say that "hearty & scrumptious" personifies this concoction.  The stew was more than reasonably priced at $5, and I was so full afterwards, that I felt as though I had eaten a Brunswick bowling ball.  The stew consisted of chunks and chunks of brisket with a noticeable amount of okra, Lima beans, corn and onions in a tomato based rue.  Definitely the right choice to take the chill off and satisfy your hunger.  I washed it all down with sweet tea and fresh lemons to combat a bothersome sore throat.Great BBQ, plain and simple.  Everything has a nice amount of smoke and seasoning and the people are nice plus the prices are reasonable and everything is homemade.  
Its space across from Le Bon Ton Roule on Magazine street includes 8-10 picnic tables which each seat 4 so if they're busy don't expect an easy time finding a seat.  The décor is minimal which is fine with me because the focus clearly is the BBQ.  Side dishes are average to above average but definitely not the star.  Chicken is amazing and the pulled pork sandwich with a nice cole slaw was excellent.  Brisket on my initial visit was a bit dry and tough but did have nice smoke and a tasty rub and on a return visit I had the brisket cheesesteak which confirmed that their brisket is awesome too.  I'm not sure I love the cheesy béchamel on the sandwich which was a bit grainy and could have used some additional flavor but still the sandwich was very good overall.  I'll definitely be back, my wife who isn't even a big meat eater talks about stopping every time we're in the neighborhood.  It's that good.This is for the location inside NOLA Brewery and not about the Brewery at all.
After a terrible experience at Wood Pizza on The Girly's Birthday, we stopped here so she could try the beer and maybe get something to eat.
You order at the window (I hate doing that but in this situation, I can see how they have to do it that way) they give you a device to let you know when your order is up. The menu is small and made for fast turn-over. 
The Girly got the pulled pork sandwich topped with coleslaw. For a New Orleans BBQ place, it was top notch. I never have too high of expectations for BBQ here because, face it, you're not going to get world class bbq here. I've actually had better bbq in England than in New Orleans (true story bro). 
I got the chicken wings and they seemed like standard Buffalo style wings. They were ok and a step up from places like Buffalo Wild Wings but you can make them better at home. 
So while we were not wowed by the experience, neither were we disappointed. And with New Orleans BBQ places, that's usually the most that you can hope for.Thank you so much for catering at our event tonight at NOLA Brewery. The LSU dental students loved the food.Yes! Loved that this place was tucked in NOLA Brewery. Being a visitor, I was intrigued by the "BBQ  Jambalaya". I had to order it just to give it a try. And am I glad I did! This may have been the best jambalaya I had while visiting! It's not sweet or saucy at all. It's actually more like traditional jambalaya with pulled pork as the meat. I topped it off with some of their homemade hot sauce - it was amazing! We also tried the hot chicken wings which were also very good. I highly recommend giving this place a try!McClure's BBQ is--simply put--fun, exciting, and authentic. Neil McClure has fully dedicated himself to the art of barbequing, where attention to detail is key. He has studied regional barbeque cuisine, paying careful attention to the sauce variation. Inspired by these regional differences, Neil has created a veritable buffet of homemade sauces. As a true student of BBQ, he even distinguishes between East and West North Carolina style, and additionally, throws in his own sauce homage to New Orleans East--which has a tangy, spicy (maybe some sriracha involved in this), savory/sweetness. I'm still dreaming about it.
The food is served family style, and the atmosphere reflects that same philosophy. You feel like you've stumbled upon some sort of family barbeque picnic oasis where the tender ribs come off the bone easily, and the sweet tea flows unendingly. It really is a pleasure to eat here. 
Lastly, I need to touch on the baked beans. Neil's pride and joy may be the meat he wakes up for at 1am to start prepping, but the sides are nothing to shake a stick at either--a light, colorful coleslaw, yummy potato salad, perfect cornbread, savory mac and cheese, and my personal favorite, the baked beans. Let me be clear about this: I am not a baked beans girl. I've never really enjoyed baked beans but McClure's are damn good. When I inquired further about them, he told me "I just try to imagine the kind of flavors cowboys might like in their baked beans when they're sitting around a campfire." Neil makes beans Buffalo Bill would definitely approve of.
I am so pleased that this place exists. This is a great place for visitors and locals alike. We paid about $14 each for lunch, which included unlimited drinks and food (go hungry!). This is a great deal, but more than that, it is a fun dining experience worth every penny spent.
Oh, I almost forgot to mention this! On my way out of the restaurant, I grabbed a business card. So happy I did because, talk about attention to detail, even the business cards have some light grill marks on the back with a wonderful smokey smell. Very creative....I've been smelling this card all afternoon.Stopped here for a quick lunch with a friend. We ordered the two meat plate and chose pulled pork and ribs for our meat, along with jambalaya and potato salad as side items. Pulled pork was good but needed extra flavor, the Nola East sauce went well with it. Ribs were okay to me. The jambalaya was def. one of my fav and I'll be coming back for more! We also ordered gumbo which I didn't care too much for but the bread pudding sealed the deal. oh did I mention service was superb?The best bbq around. The brisket never fails & omg, the mac & cheese. Variety of sauces, too!!!  Everything about this is amazingTHE BEST  !!!   Meats, Beans, Coleslaw . Don't Miss this place.
There is so much meat on the plate that I always ask for a To-Go Box.
Thank you for amazingly good BBQ !!! And, I love the "Little Chef" :-))I could easily rank bbq in New Orleans on a 1 to 5 scale. We have the entire range in this town, from 1s to 5s. McClure's is solidly in the middle. It's good enough. The variety of sauces in the table is interesting if a little gimmicky. The food is well-smoked, and there's a good variety. But it's not as moist, tender, and fall-off-the-bone as some other options in town. I'm curious to see what they pull off at their new location at NOLA Brewery, and especially looking forward to the prime rib. But for me right now there are better places to get 'cue.There's a little bit of something for BBQ lovers from all over the country here. They make their own sauces in house, with styles for everybody-- Kansas City, Texas, Carolina, Jamaica, even a New Orleans East Vietnamese-style sauce with hoisin. 
They've got a sampler platter of all their meats and all their sides. For someone like me that can't make up her mind or pick just one thing (or just one sauce) this is like a gift from God. Sometimes you really can have it all! It's easily big enough for two or three people to split, so bring some friends.All meats - all sides!!!!!! Amazingly yummy
I'm not a BBQ foodie, but I know what tastes good and this place is awesome!For a small sandwich shop, I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food & it was served quickly.  The beef brisket and pulled pork were two favorites and I enjoyed the 4 selections of sauces! 
My whole family was there and nobody left there hungry and zero leftovers!! Really enjoyable experience.We have been in NOLA for a week. We have tried not to repeat any restaurant, as we hoped to try multiple different foods while away from home (Minnesota). Today... we came back!!! Everything is fantastic!! I really wish I could eat more!!  Thank you McClure's!!Wow!  I did not expect to have such great BBQ from here.  We ordered the barbeque ribs and the jumbo chicken wings... it was delicious... mouthwatering... and keeps you wanting more and lingering for it.  Just thinking about those jumbo wings makes me want to go back.  Seriously, they are JUMBO wings.  
They are located off the beaten path in the industrial area, but it's right below NOLA Brewing Tap Room, so it's nice to compliment the beer tasting.Yes. Do it. Eat here. Yes. If you have respect for good BBQ - this is the place for you. The brisket is outstanding, as are the sides of beans and mac&cheese. Everything is smoked and/or roasted to perfection. Also, the owner is super friendly and charming. So, yeah, you want to eat here often. Do it. Eat here.There is an old saying that going to the well too often will make you well run dry well my well and my brisket rand dry tonight at Mcclure's. Ive probably been to this place way too often thus I was setting myself us for a bad meal and here it came. I ordered the beef brisket which was unbelievable last time I had it and this time was the exact opposite. It was dry as a the carving board it was cut on leaving bits and pieces in my teeth that floss too an hour to get out. Even the famed slaw was not as good tonight as it normally is. The greens though are my favorite greens anywhere and they are the best though not for everybody. I still recommend this place but spread out your visits. It will be a while before I come back again.