I ordered from Postmates and had the best vegan breakfast ever. I ordered the blueberry pancakes and apple sausage (v) absolutely amazing, even after it became cold. Wayyyyyy better than Seed, another local vegan spot.Drinks: Vegan Power Shakes
I decided to get a smoothie here instead of at frozen banana a few stalls down in the French Market, and I was quite disappointed with my decision. Despite the fact that this place might be more healthy, I was hoping for a more refreshing and icy consistency. With the dehydrating weather, the shake was too heavy to drink. The smoothie instantly got hot through the straw when it wasn't being consumed. Chunks of fruits weren't fully blended and got stuck in the straw or at the bottom of the cup.
I wouldn't recommend the shake if you are looking for a refresher. The drink is more of a meal replacer. Two shakes came out to be $17.97. Quite steep for NOLA.Good service from most of the members of staff. They offer free orange wedges and ice water for those ordering. I got the crab tacos and they were soo good but HUGE. If you order them know it's not on the menu but you can order only one, they take up a whole plate so I'd recommend doing that and getting some homemade carrot juiceOne of the best breakfasts I've had in the quarter.  The egg white omelette is out of this world.  Gluten free and vegan options available too :)Delicious! Worth the wait. I had crab cake and poached egg. Crab cake was amazing, full of crab and very little filler/bread crumb. So light and fluffy. Poached egg was cooked to perfection. Thank you
Vegan pancakes and Gumbo phenomenal as well. Eat here it is worth it.All you vegan, gluten free and vegetarians out there, this is the place to get a great meal....
From the vegan shake....black bean burger also the black beans w/brown rice and avocado, everything here is delicious. The owner/manager James, answered all of my questions concerning the different dishes. Also, Rivia was very helpful in explaining how some of the dishes were made. The Cafe is located in the French Market so there's plenty of seating....
We had lunch there and also ordered dinner to go..
This Cafe is definitely worth a visit when in New Orleans!!!!Sorry guys but your service is terrible. Not that the people at the front aren't friendly the wait time for food is a joke. Almost 45 minutes for three simple dishes: two egg omelet with toasted English muffin, 1 egg omelet in English muffin and two pancakes. 
Three people who ordered their food after me were served first. On top of it the food was fine. Nothing special  just an omelet and pancakes. The only thing keeping them from 1 star is the food was hot.
To the owner, please have someone help you figure out how to execute your time management.So many vegan options at this place right in the middle of the French Market! Make sure you add a side of the vegan apple sausage if you are going for breakfast.Best crab cakes I have had in a long time and the cheapest meal on the trip. Great place to go.I have to admit that I was skeptical about a sandwich shop that serves gluten free Poboys...but, FEAR NOT! Get the crab cake Poboy and you are in for a heathly treat.Healthy home cooking.  Best bet in the French Market.Love this place! I came here multiple times last summer because they are one of the very few places I was able to find that cater to special orders and food allergies. It is located in the French Market, directly across from the crepe stand (which is also great but that's another review altogether). Blink and you'll miss it. Everything was pretty good and the people that work there are so nice and accommodating. They offer you fresh fruit while you wait for your food; I found the wait time to be kind of long, so I ordered ahead thru Yelp. I advise you to consider doing so as well since this place can get crowded in the mornings. My order was always correct upon pickup. 
The gluten free/vegan pancakes were served with fresh strawberries and blueberries, as well as some nuts and maple syrup. Other typical breakfast options are available like eggs, and they also serve gluten free toast. They advertise themselves to be a low salt/low fat restaurant so you might find yourself reaching for the salt if you order eggs! I also had a Po boy for lunch, served with potatoes and fresh veggies. Yum. The only thing I wasn't a big fan of was the Okra Gumbo. It was just okay, not very flavorful. Needed more seasoning.
Pretty sure I bought out their entire Vegan dessert display every time I went! I recommend the brownie bar and the peanut butter bar. So chocolaty and rich. 
This place is pretty expensive, but seeing as it's one of the few healthier options in the area it's worth it! If I ever return to NOLA I'll be back :)Finally found healthy & tasty option in the Quarter. Best crab cakes I've had this side of Baltimore. Friendly & fast service. Make sure you get there early.Love this place.  I had a large version of the black bean burger with a side of potatoes--very yummy.  I ate with one of the owners--I'm not sure if it was Marilyn or Averill--but she was lovely and offered her perspective on healthy cooking in the Big Easy.Two accommodating and friendly ladies run this breakfast/lunch counter in the French Market. They're very attentive to diners' dietary preferences and generally it's a friendly, happy place.  The pancakes and oatmeal we enjoyed had a bit too much cinnamon for my taste, but that's a personal preference thing. The "vegan power shake" was a very tasty fruit concoction. Overall, the food was good, without being transcendent.This place is amazing! We love food and have eaten at a good number of places in Ne...but this one is special. Great vegan and gluten free options.  I highly recommed the portbella mushroom po boy on gf bread! Delicious!Came here looking for a great po boy. Got the crab cake po boy, which after reading the reviews on it, the po boy tasted very mediocre not as superb as everyone else makes it sound to be! The crab cakes at NOLA to me were better. My boyfriend got the "okra" gumbo, which had too much rice in it , had no flavor and also didn't have okra. The gumbo the locals pointed us to was much more inexpensive and taste so much better! First and last for us.Not the best crabcake ever but it's a strong third place. My crabcake came on a bed of greens and the salad dressing was the highlight of my meal. I think next time I ll try the crabcake po-boy instead. If you are searching for healthier options to dine at this would be the place.I wish it were a bit cheaper, but for the location and considering everything around it is not cheap, it makes sense. If you are like me and looking for anything healthy in this neighborhood you have found it here. You will not sacrifice taste and the flavors of New Orleans for health's sake.  And with that being one of my personal life's missions, I was sold from bite one!
First they give you a delicious tangerine while you wait for your order... sensible palate cleanser and so fragrant!  
The crabcakes are NOT to be missed!!! Served on a bed of delicious greens with housemade dressing and a tarter-like sauce.
We also split a Vegan Pancake with maple syrup and fresh fruit! MMMMMMMM!!!!!!
We will definitely be back.I spent Christmas in New Orleans with my husband.  I recently adopted a vegan diet and researched all my vegan options while on vacation.  Meals From the Heart Cafe was GREAT! (13 Monaghan on Frenchman was also super delicious)  The vegan smoothie was AWESOME and their black bean burger, YUM.  My husband couldn't get enough of mine (he ordered the crab cake and was very pleased).  He also really enjoyed the vegan smoothie (kept drinking mine).  The lovely woman behind the counter offered to make me something not on the menu as long as they had the ingredients.  I went back several times during that week.  I highly recommend to anyone near the French Market.  Meat eaters and vegans alike.   Do allow yourself some time - they make everything from scratch so it takes 15-30 minutes to get your food.Amazing!! They can accommodate gluten free and vegan diets - and the food is so good!! The food is much healthier than most of the other food in the French Quarter. They're even able to make GF and vegan creole and Cajun favorites. You MUST try the hot chocolate!!! It's amazing!!! It's made with almond milk, but it's so rich and delicious you'd never know.Their gluten free pancakes!! MUST Have!! You will be worried that they aren't really gluten free because they taste sooooo good!! But I have celiac and no reaction!! Get the blueberry pancakes!! My mouth is watering just thinking about them now that I am back home!! I almost didn't get a picture because we were scarfing them down too quickly and I almost forgot! Located in the French Market! Totally worth finding them!! Then you can shop for some
Tourist souvenirs afterwards!! Good OJ too!!Everything we had was really nice. Got the roast beef with asiago on whole wheat, tuna on whole wheat with provolone, and hummus. Carried it back to our hotel to eat. It all transported very well. Wish I would have found this place earlier in our stay as I would have gone back. This place is located inside the French market.My husband and I live in Southern California, and eat a clean diet, with lots of vegetables and no red meat or pork. I looked at dozens of restaurant menus online, and ate at 2 of the best and most famous restaurants in NOLA, and we were always limited to maybe one dishes on the menu. After 2 days in NOLA, we only were able to order an all vegetable side that was NOT fried or loaded with cheese or butter once. (NOTE: Ordering fish "Simply grilled" in NOLA means its still likely means there is butter added to the oil.)  We walked about 15 min to get to Meals from the Heart to try their lunch, and it was well worth every minute. After reading all of the Yelp reviews, I was looking forward to trying the Crab Cake Passion, but was so excited to see that they offer a gluten-free version!  I tried that, and the Raw Avocado and Beet Salad.  My husband had the Black Bean Soup as well as the salad.
First off, the gluten-free Crab Cake was awesome!  The owner keeps a hand counted running tally daily of the total number of crab cakes sold since they have been in business for the last 4 years (her brother showed it to us). The numbers speak for themselves!  Although there is also very little filler, regardless, nothing about the crab cake tasted gluten-free!
The Raw Avocado and Beet Salad was amazing!  I don't usually like raw beets, broccoli, asparagus, carrots or cauliflower, but these veggies were agreat!  They almost tasted blanched - but whatever they were, it was awesome!  I don't eat avocados, but my husband loves them, and thought they were perfectly ripe and had great flavor.  Overall the veggies tasted like they were grown in an organic garden.
The Black Bean Soup looked great, and also tasted great!  There was very low sodium in it (which is a theme of the establishment). For the price, my husband thought it was a nice sized portion and the best meal he had in NOLA!
As a nice little treat, the owner gives you a Cutie (clementine orange) as well.  Such a sweet touch!
Just as their name implies, it was clear that all the food was cooked from scratch and by hand, carefully (and the owner and her brother confirmed this). 
Our only regret is that we didn't have time to eat there for a 2nd or 3rd time on our trip!
The only thing I would make sure that you know before you go is that this isn't a formal restaurant. They are a vendor with kind of a booth set up at the French Quarter Farmers Market (see the picture posted). Don't get me wrong, not a negative thing, it was clean and cozy, and had a few seats so you can sit and eat at the counter, which we loved because we could talk to the owner and her brother. The Farmers Market does have a seating area with tables and chairs nearby as well - so that's an option too. That said, they also specialize in take out too.I highly recommend eating here! The food was fresh and delicious, and unquestionably gluten free! The owner was very knowledgable of the gluten free requirements. He was friendly and explained that the establishment started out as a heart healthy option, but found an easy adaptation to gluten free for many of their items after their first year. 
The food is delicious and oh so fresh! We really enjoyed the crab cake tacos and tilapia tacos. My husband ordered gumbo, too, but after only one of the crab cake tacos, I was satisfied. My daughter loves the gf brownie. Best news yet? They will ship the crab cakes and gumbo to YOU! AND THEY HAVE A GF KING CAKE! I didn't think I'd ever taste one again.Enjoyed a delicious crab cake taco lunch. All was gluten free! Best part of this place, though, are the people. Inviting and kind.The food was delicious and much healthier than we found in the rest of the Quarter.  The crab cakes are amazing, whether in the "Passion" or in the crab cake and vegetable omelette.  One of the best meals to be found in the French Quarter!  The service was friendly and fun to top it all off!Healthy well-run small stand in the middle of the French Market.  Fresh fruit and vegetables are unfortunately a rare commodity in New Orleans, but this place delivers.  Only a few seats available so most orders are to go.Come for the vegan pancakes! Some of the tastiest pancakes ever and of course being in the French market/French quarter is a major plus. Beware of the wait though as each time I've been it's taken about 45 minutes but it's always worth it and you can browse around the market meanwhile.In a city filled with butter and gluten, Meals from the Heart is an oasis. Marilyn, the owner, remembered our names and orders and allergies on our second visit. The food was delicious and I was able to experience all of the local dishes safely!!!Amazing vegan and gluten free options. The vegan-apple patties were the biggest hit! The gentleman serving us was adorably hospitable.We stumbled upon this cafe by chance as we were strolling through the market.. crab cakes were advertised and there was no way I was going to miss crab cakes... mmmmmm... those crab cakes were utter bliss... Hubster had it on a muffin with an egg and me, with a salad...  crab cakes needless to say were excellent...but that salad and that dressing... those blew me away too.. and trust me, I'm not very enthusiastic about salads... the two ladies (I'm sorry, I should've asked you) serve you their food with sooo much love, it makes it a must go to place.. and yes.. the house Remoulade... the best I've had in the city!!! We enjoyed our food so much that this is the only place we went to for a second time in our 5 day trip and went with black bean burger and vegan crab cake Po Boy... and wth,  we literally licked everything off our plates!! Kudos to this family owned business.. the meals are truly from their hearts!!"Open-air market with crab cakes. This can't be good." How wrong. It's great! In the middle of tourist trap market stands and restaurants, Meals from the Heart Cafe offers a great, somewhat healthy option. 
I had the crab cake tacos. The dish comes with two large tacos with a generous amount of crab-cake and lettuce. It also comes with two types of sauce - both of which are great!
I would stop by here if you're looking for lunch in the French market area and want something casual.Great service, an great food! What more could you ask for?! Make sure you try the black bean soup, it was amazing!!They have the best!! Vegan blueberry pancakes :) and vegan veggie apple sausage pattiesOne word....DELICIOUS!!
I had the crab cake po'boy and it was incredible! Great location and the service was fantastic! My friend and I were able to get seats at the counter and the wait was minimal. She's vegan, so we came here based on previous reviews. I cannot recommend Meals From The Heart enough...fantastic!We had a great lunch and the crab tacos were fabulous. We ate lunch at the counter and service friendly and quick. Located at the French Market.Food:  
Wonderful!
Their black bean burger was the best burger I've ever had!  It was so good that I had to pick one up to go before I set out for the airport to go home.  The full sized burger comes with a side of veggies, making it a nice and balanced meal.  
The portabella mushroom burger was really good too (my husband prefers the portabella mushroom over the black bean, but I prefer the black bean).  
The vegan protein smoothie is a must try.  It was so delicious and so very good for you.  
Service:
Great!  The servers were friendly and we got complimentary oranges to munch on while we waited for our food.  :)
Price:
Very reasonable for the quality that you get.  
There are not a whole lot of vegan options to choose from in New Orleans.  This place is definitely worthy visiting!I still feel like I'm in heaven from the dreamiest breakfast ever. My husband and I each had a veggie omelet, and we split a blueberry pancake and a dreamy crab cake. I am ***salivating*** thinking about that crab cake. Everything we had was fantastic. The people that work there are so warm and friendly. I want to stay in NOLA longer just so I can have more breakfasts here! Plus, it's such a unique experience sitting at the counter in the French Market watching everyone set up for the busy day ahead.One of the best crab cakes versions I've eaten: 
Crab cakes tacos!!
Nice place in French market. Listening live jazz. Cool people walking around.My chicken po'boy on Udi's gluten free bread was delicious and the service was top notch. This is on my must-return list!!Great food and location. Freshly prepared and worth the wait.First time leaving a review but this place deserved it! We had three meals here across two days, vegan shake rocks and the chicken poboy was delish. Much needed clean food break on our travels. Can't wait for the melbourne franchise to open!This is my kind of place. I don't want nuttin' fancy, just good food. So they are famed for their crabcake passion, hence an easy decision on what to get. It was just a matter of how to get it packaged as one can get it part of a few dishes.
I went with the po-boy and got their homemade tea. Loved both. Among the best po-boys I've ever had. Roll was very fresh, tea great, friendly service.Best vegan pancakes and sausage (apple patties) I've ever had in my 8 years as a vegan.Due to my restricted diet it has become increasingly difficult to find restaurants to accommodate my needs. Meals From The Heart Cafe came well recommended on numerous websites and through word of mouth. 
The location is genius. Smack dab in the Quarter and easy to find whether local or tourist. It feels so alive sitting there enjoying a meal. Sadly, the limited seating and busy atmosphere does make for a meal on the go a lot of the time. It is nice being able to find gluten free and vegetarian food in the Quarter though.
The people that run it are super friendly and give you service with a smile. It is obvious that they really love what they do and truly pour their heart into their food.
If I have such glowing things to say why is the rating so neutral, you may be asking? Well, the food is decent enough. It is nothing super special but tasty enough. The prices are what break it for me. For the comfort food they provide I expected a bit on the cheaper side of things. 
That being said, it is a small complaint in the grand scheme of things. The food is tasty and the service is amazing. If you have a restricted diet you should at least give this place a shot.
P.s- The Gluten Free Po'boy is delicious but certainly not a real Po'boy due to the bread ;)We were really excited for the crab cakes and okra gumbo but unfortunately it disappoints. The okra gumbo didn't have any actual chunks of okra in it.... mostly just rice and over cooked shrimp. The crab cake was all bread fillers.... not a lot of actual lump crab :/Each time I visit New Orleans I make a point to eat here. The food is great and the service is even better. Whatever you order, add a crab cake. Trust me on this. 
This place is very aware of different dietary restrictions and does an excellent job of accommodating vegetarian, vegan, and gluten free diners. In a city full of fried food and roux, it's a real pleasure. 
If I had to come up with a complaint, it would be that everything is served on disposable ware. There likely isn't room in the back for a dish machine, but real plates and utensils would make the whole experience even better.The only healthy restaurant  in the quarter. food is fresh, staff is friendly and very accommodating. Need vegan option?.. NO PROBLEM! No gluten?.. NO PROBLEM! This place doesn't even use flour in the kitchen :) enjoy the market atmosphere while sitting at their food bar.  Love love love :))The 4.5 star average for this establishment was well reflected in the delicious food and friendly service I received on my visit. I came for breakfast with my partner on a warm June morning. We ordered the crab cake and poached egg along with the fruit bowl. Both were fantastic. The crab cake was moist inside and perfectly crisped outside. The sauces accompanying the meal were equally yummy. The fruit bowl had nice variety. Would definitely eat here again.The crab cake passion is where it's at. I grew up on the Gulf Coast and have always considered myself a crab gourmand and this place delivers! Located in the heart of the French Market this place is an absolute must visit.Came here twice in one day!  I had serious reservations about coming to NOLA with a sensitivity to gluten... so this café was such a great find, and in a great location.  I had the pancakes for breakfast, and crabcake for lunch.  It was filling and fresh, delicious and healthy!  The service was personal, warm and friendly. I wish there were more locations across the city.  My first trip to NOLA was amazing thanks to a place like this! Cheers and hope to be back!I just ordered from here and not only was the service fast, but everyone was super friendly!Great restaurant with gluten free options. The food was amazing. Definitely will be back the next rime I'm in town.First time in New Orleans and I found my go to breakfast spot! Food sooooo good I came back and ordered the same thing two mornings in a row....vegan blueberry pancakes and vegan apple sausage. You don't have to be vegan to enjoy it, and the best part is you wont be able to tell that its vegan. April is amazing and the rest of the staff is too.
Go Enjoy!!!Amazing glutenfee pancakes... right in the middle of the French Quarter farmers market.... The food is wonderful, the people are just as wonderful, I'd like to go back for every mealNot sure how this place is good for the heart with an unhelpful waiter and bacon on the menu. I get that they are trying but I felt deceived as there are very few vegan options and most can not be made gluten free. The menu is a lie. It's gluten free or vegan. It's def better than all the other restaurants in nolo besides Seed and a couple other spots. With very few to no healthy options in nolo looks like this is your option if you care about your health. If you walk around it's shocking to see so many obese people here so if you do care you are def in the vast minority. Nolo needs a health intervention ASAP. Fat people eating animals then wondering why they are so fat and then die and the poor animals are tortured and murdered and don't get a choice.I cant stop thinking about the crab cake poboy!  Unfortunately I only got to experience 2 restaurants in all of NOLA but im so glad I found this place.  It has to be probably one of the only places that offer vegan options and are cooked to order.  This gem is located in the french market.  The owner was so sweet and told me that she made all her own sauces.  She even gave me a few slices of oranges while I waited for my food.  She must have known I needed it...lol  The sauces by the way  were full of flavor and amazing.  You left feeling fantastic and full of energy and not sluggish like you would after.  and if you have ever been to the big easy you would know that you need a lot of energy!  
I will defiantly be back to NOLA and Meals from the Heart Cafe!Had the crab cake po boy and it was nothing short of amazing. The crab cake all but melts in your mouth and the house made remoulade sauce is a great accompaniment as well.
The staff are friendly and attentive and it definitely says something about the place if a small cafe like this has it's fair share of regulars coming back for more. 
Definitely a go-to in NOLA, and more so if you're in the FQ!Best crab cake sandwich in New Orleans. I love that we were given a few oranges while we waited. It's pretty big so share if you're not super hungry.I almost skipped ordering food from here because it was my cheat birthday weekend and I felt like being the greasy kind of bad.  But I had seen this place mentioned somewhere on TV so I felt compelled.  
BEST CRAB CAKE SAMMY EVER!
Wow.  This crabcake was bliss.  So light, so fresh, and the crab just shined.  The remoulade that accompanied was also 5 stars.  Scratch perfection.    The bread was fresh and the veggies tasted just picked.  It was truly outstanding.  
I didn't even want a bite of the salad (see aforementioned cheat weekend) but I ended up fighting for the last bites of it ...the scratch dressing was so delicious.  
This place really makes you realize that expertly prepared healthy food beats the pants off the yucky bad fried food you think you want   Every day of the week.  
Do not skip this place.  Come here, order anything, and be rewarded!Excellent service.  Vegan options, good ones!   Plenty of variety of everyone.  Pleasent staff.  Knowledgeable.  Offered complimentary ice water and orange slices. Everyone very friendly.  Clean environment.  I had vegan gumbo.  Highly recommend this stop!This place in the French Market was a great find for someone who is gluten-free and has other food allergies. Indulging in the Crab Cake Passion--a gluten-free crab cake and poached egg on gluten-free bread with a side salad--made my morning. Plus my terrific counter person offered me the "fruit of the day"--which happened to be a little mandarin orange--to tide me over until my order came. BTW, that was the prettiest poached egg I have ever seen. 
This place is a gem of a find for anyone who is celiac, vegan, or who has any kind of food allergy. The staff is crazy happy to help sort out the menu. The counter server even brought out the label from the bread so I could be sure none of my allergens were in it. 
Next time I will try the gluten-free blueberry pancakes. From the exclamations of the folks down the way, they are to die for. Meals From the Heart Cafe is doing it right!The reviews on here are not legitimate.  Do not fall for it.  We walked to here from Bourbon Street for breakfast and were sorely disappointed.  Basically, the food was average (nothing I couldn't make for myself at home, and nothing authentic to the area except crab cakes).  The wait was unbelievable.  At least 40min to prepare 3 omelets and bacon.  Seriously, the food was NOT great and by the time we got the food we were ready for lunch instead.  Other people got po-boys from nearby stands and were much happier.On my first visit to New Orleans last week, during my four day stay, I visited Meals from the Heart Cafe twice for lunch because the first crab cake was so delicious!  The presentation is beautiful and the sauces/dressing are really tasty.  The crab cakes are made to order, grilled rather than fried, and absolutely scrumptious.  New Orleans has lots of great food for reasonable prices; this is a prime example.  And the people behind the counter, who might be the owners, are super friendly and accommodating.I randomly stumbled upon this place while strolling through the French Market on a Thursday morning right before the venue opened. My fiance and I had just landed in NOLA and were on the search for some vegan breakfast options when we saw the sign for Meals From The Heart Cafe, offering both vegan and gluten free options. All meals here are made from scratch and thus take 15-20 minutes to prepare, but it is well worth the wait. We both tried the vegan pancakes which came with vegan butter, walnuts, fresh fruit, and maple syrup. The meal was fabulous and the staff was incredibly welcoming!Healthy food to help you detox from the night before (but don't be fooled -- this was one of the best meals we ate in NOLA, and we ate everywhere). Crab cake with poached egg? Divine. And the gluten-free pancakes were extreme. I'd been supposed to share but while Lala was in the bathroom, I ate them all. No lie. 
Averill was charming and funny and absolutely no-nonsense. She was as good for the soul as the food was to our sad, abused, hungover bodies.This place is a welcome retreat from the high grease, overly rich food of the Quarter. Marilyn and staff are wonderful - friendly and quick. (By the way, Sara M., NO pork products served! Hangover confusion, perhaps?! ) The open faced veggie omelette is easily split between 2.  They also have a frequent diner card - we took advantage of that. REALLY lovely karma - and good for you! Enjoy...Meals From The Heart-I love you, for so many reasons. First, finding a gluten free place to eat in NOLA was so thrilling(and you know what I mean if you're gluten free), and to find it staffed with the friendly and absolutely hilarious Averill, her darling and hardworking Grandson, who doted on me, and not to mention James, who knew from an order up just who it was for, made it perfect. They remembered my name, when I showed up every day of my trip, and chatted with me. I felt flattered, silly as that is... I love that they offer orange slices and water while you wait. I love that they engage. I'm about "experiences", not just good food, so with all the lovely humans that make this place the perfect, yummy yet healthy oasis, and with all the cool people eating at the counter that I encountered from all over the world, I had so many fabulous ones.
As for what's good? The blueberry pancakes! Yes! I cannot do beignets anymore, so having these little circles of heaven made that just fine, and I didn't feel deprived. Their big salad with veggies that I added chicken to, was good and tasty. Chicken poboy. Good! Big Easy Bucha made me a happy girl! Oh, and there is this orange sauce that they serve with their savory items. Oh my... I also have to share that with all the fabulous, but often heavy food I ate at night on my trip, eating the delicious, healthy food at Food From The Heart during the day, for some reason, just set me right. 
I really do not understand the few lower starred reviews. I guess we can't all have 5 star experiences, though some things... Why should this eatery be any less expensive? It's organic, it's gluten free, it's vegetarian, it's vegan(I even tried their vegan "butter" which was truly amazing). If you live in the United States, you know that these particular issues always equal more money, and no matter where you buy it, it's more expensive to buy. It's freshly made, so that may account for a longer wait time at times. As for size, I never once left hungry, and for a human that is fairly fit, I can really put it away. If you spoke to anyone that works here about the history, you would find out that the two women owners have a nutrition background. This place can also be very busy, and if my food took a long time to come out, I'd ask. 
I'm going back in May, and I'll be there every single day. Hear that Averill, Lisa is headed back your way!The vegan okra gumbo was delicious  love that there is a place with options for vegetarians, vegan, and people who want gluten free!Start your day here and the rest will be good! Thank you Avril for amazing food without the processed garbage!! Best omelets, power shakes and gumbo in town!I had the crab cake passion (yummy sauce) and the black bean soup + vegan power shake. All great tasting ie. they use good ingredients. Hard to find a great healthy place to eat in New Orleans...people working here are cool also!Crab cake poboy is the absolute best poboy I have had so far in any of my trips. Customer service is excellent. This is my 5th time in New Orleans and I have walked past this place every time in the market place not thinking much, I will be coming here every time I visit now. If you are in town this is a must visit!Although this is a small fast food place, the wait can often be a while. The black bean burger and vegan smoothie are both excellent! A nice, healthy meal in a deep fried city.The vegan gumbo is like whoa! You don't need to add salt or anything. It is perfection. I always want to try the other healthy vegan options but everytime I come, vegan gumbo just rolls off of my tongue. Vegan crab cakes are amazing as well...yummm! Oh! ...and locals, ask for your punch card cause you will be back. #sonolaThe best gluten free meal I had in New Orleans! I got the crab cake po boy (GF) and it was so delicious 
They make everything fresh so it took about 15-20 minutes - well worth the waitWhat made this place great were the two gracious women behind the counter and their attentiveness to make sure every customer was taken care of! It also helps that this place is great respite from all the fried food!  The crab cakes were fresh and tasty as was the healthy beet and avocado salad. 
But what sticks out the most is one of the lovely ladies -Geraldine and our great conversation of books and her  history in the civil rights movement. I hope she comes to visit us in BK!Stumbled upon this cute little cafe after searching for good Gluten Free and Vegan options. It's smaller than expected (just a little bar to sit at), but lots of open seating in the French Market. 
The menu is short but provides a ton of options for Gluten free and vegan, including some amazing crab cakes, Gluten free pancakes, and vegan gumbo. My friend and I both had he crab cake tacos. Delicious and nine were GF and vegan. Topped it off with a chicory vanilla coffee Kombucha from a local place (Bug East Bucha), and my friend had the Frozen Iced Coffee, which was super smooth and delicious. Definitely a great first stop for our NoLa weekend!Being a Californian vegetarian, it can be difficult, or impossible, to find food in N.O. Fortunately, Meals From the Heart Cafe is smack dab in the middle of the French Market. Despite getting a meal to go, my girlfriend and I received some of the best service either of us have experienced. We walked up to the counter and were met by very friendly service staff who treated us to clementine oranges while we waited. 
Our food was very delicious. All of the veggies were fresh, even the avocado was perfect. Their patties for their black bean burgers were house-made, and very flavorful! 
Overall, our experience was wonderful! Totally amazing to find many vegetarian options and wonderful service in the same restaurant!!!Got there as they were opening up. Friendly staff that served us some fresh cut oranges while we waited on our breakfast. The coffee was superb! Ha ya I said superb because it was that good. The pancakes I got were so fluffy and made with fresh fruit and served with warm syrup. With in minutes this place was packed and the next day when we walked by... You guessed it.. It was busy!  This was such a great way to start our first day in New Orleans. Can't wait to come back and visit again just so we can come eat breakfast here again. Can't believe how fluffy those vegan pancakes were!Menu so fresh and if you're looking for gluten free or vegan this is the place!!! I ordered the crab cake tacos and some extra steamed veggies on the side. The ladies were so accommodating!! If they aren't busy they engage in interesting conversation too. Great energy here!Unfuckingbelievably good food!
So good that we ate here twice in the same day. No joke.
Whether you're vegan, vegetarian, pescetarian, omnivore, or one of those people who thinks they're gluten intolerant, you will not be disappointed. Everything we had here was amazing. Our favorites were the crab cake po boy and the vegan blueberry pancakes.
The counter is small, but even if you can't get a seat, I very highly recommend either waiting for a seat to open or just getting your food to go and sitting at a table in the French Market or even walking over to the river.
The staff here is extraordinarily friendly and polite. I was impressed by how politely, patiently and professionally they handled some impatient customers during an extraordinarily busy weekend.
Despite the being in a city filled with a prolific amount of great food options, Meals The Heart Cafe is definitely at the very top of my list of places to return to next time I'm in NOLA.Wow, I loved this place so much that I went there twice during my 4-day trip to NOLA. Appreciated the fact that the owners remembered me the second time I came...it was like Cheers! It was special to be treated so warmly. And everything I ate was delicious...the vegan smoothie, the veggie sausage patties, the blueberry pancakes. I will definitely return here  the next time I'm in the Big Easy!Very nice restaurant and They try hard. Food is very tasty and servings are good size.  We had crabcake po boy and very large beet salad.  Note that the beet salad had only raw ingredients. Also, the crabcakes were good - above average.
FYI, however, that this is not a typical restaurant-there are seats at the counter and then seats in the common area. It is situated just west of the French market/part of the French market.I have been waiting 30 minutes on a mini-me black bean burger,  and it was terrible... please dont go hereThis is my favorite place to eat in NOLA. They are a small permanent stand in the farmer's market, but the food and the service is incredible. They have so many vegan and celiac friendly options that don't sacrifice flavor. If you are in the French Quarter you would do yourself a favor to stop by and have a crab cake!Seriously delicious, fresh, and gluten free. The crab cake tacos, on a gluten free wrap, were very filling and absolutely delicious. I could have sat at the counter, but ordered to go since this food stand is in an outdoor market and it was hot!Didn't know a place like this existed until we happened upon it while walking through the French Market. I didn't think I'd ever find a place that made Southern Louisiana food that was healthy AND delicious. The restaurant features a slew of breakfast and lunch dishes which are low sodium, low sugar and low fat. The crab cake poboy sounded the most intriguing so I picked that, and surprisingly it did not disappoint. It was great. I let my girlfriend try it, and she said it was better than her non-healthy seafood gumbo she got from another vendor. The poboy comes with a side of vegetables and/or spiced potatoes. They also give you a couple of packets of remoulade sauce to apply to the sandwich.  They also offer fresh squeezed juices and fresh fruit while you wait. That's another point. Fresh, healthy and good is not quick. The wait can vary from 20-30 minutes, so get comfortable.We found this place online---what a great find.  We were in New Orleans for a long weekend and ate here twice.  Meals from the Heart is just a counter with a 5-6 barstools in the middle of the French Market..  Don't let the appearance fool you--they are serious about providing great healthy food.  
The crabcakes, both the gluten free and the regular, were terrific.  Flavorful and full of crab.  The gluten free pancakes were also outstanding.  The cheese grits were just ok.  
Melvin, the counter service provider, is also value add to the experience---a true delight to chat with.Such a great little place run by the sweetest women! My sister and I are vegan and we got the vegan pancakes and the shake, and she brought us oranges that we could snack on while waiting! The food was delicious and the atmosphere of the French Market is so nice. Vegans and non-vegans alike, this place has so many options for all with such a nice pair running the place!!This is definitely a food gem located in the French Market. While sitting at the counter (which is an awesome experience in itself), I devoured the Crab Cake Passion and the fresh squeezed orange/carrot/ginger juice. Every bite tasted fresh & made with love. Plus, the service was just as amazing as the food. I was greeted with smiles & sent off with well wishes. So happy to have found this place where they offer so many healthy options, including gluten-free! They seemed to be very conscious about food allergies. I was truly impressed that they asked every customer if they had allergies they needed to be aware of as they prepared their food. I will definitely be back here during my next trip to NOLA.Delicious, healthy food in the French Quarter. I enjoyed the fish tacos, which were zesty with an emphasis on the fresh spinach and flavorful citrus. My companion had the vegan black bean burger, which he enjoyed. All in all, a cute and friendly establishment with healthful ingredients and generous portions. I will return.I have been eating fried food throughout my stay and wanted something on the healthier side. After reading the review and visiting French Market, I decided to give it a try. Two ladies served me and they were really nice. They remembered my name instantly and made me feel at home. 
About the food - You get orange while you wait for the food! I ordered lemonade and crab cake passion. Both were very good! I loved the sauce for the crab cake. I liked their food so much that I took fresh made carrot juice with ginger to go. I will definitely visit the location again when I am in town.Amazing vegan gumbo!! Delicious and warm! A great veganized version of local food. The vegan twixie bar was also delicious.Found this gem while searching for a healthy gluten free option in New Orleans.... Everything was so good! Came here multiple times on my trip and tried everything. Gluten free pancakes were my favorite... Now I'm back in Nola and see they deliver! Highly recommend especially if you're looking for a good healthy meal!There is a sign at this establishment that says something to the affect of, "Warning: This may be the only healthy meal you'll have in the French Quarter."  I certainly didn't go everywhere in the French Quarter, but I definitely made the rounds, ate at a fair number of restaurants, and I can safely say that the healthiest meal I even saw on a menu (save for garden salads) was at Meals From the Heart Cafe.
I had the multi-grain pancakes, which were nutty and moist, two hearty slices of turkey bacon and some fruit (the cup was a bit small) and the girl I was with had an egg white breakfast sandwich as well as the above sides.  The man who was working that day was friendly and served us well, and I think the entire meal cost less than $15 for two people!
We sat in the shade at a table in the French Market right across from the Cafe's ordering counter, which provided a quiet atmosphere and great people-watching opportunities, and afterward, we walked back to our hotel, passing shops and galleries on the way.
Thank you, Meals From the Heart, for the only healthy meal I had while in New Orleans!I loved this place! New Orleans is full of delicious food, but it's often deep fried and/or loaded with heavy sauces. Vegetables are often MIA -- unless you count french fries or potato chips as a part of that food group.
Meals from the Heart Cafe is totally different. Mixed green salads, roasted veggies, even vegetarian burgers. And great seafood options like their crab cake passion and salmon po' boy. They serve healthy breakfast options all day too, so there is something for everybody. And when we were there, they gave everybody Satsuma tangerines with their meals.
Conveniently located in the French Market, reasonable prices, and your meal is cooked to order. Plus the women who own this place are delightful. You can enjoy an interesting conversation while waiting for your to-go food or while you dine at their counter.
Do not miss this place -- tasty, healthy options in the sea of food that is the French Quarter, but be advised that they close at 6pm, so plan accordingly.Came back after a year!  Still amazing. Excellent service and excellent food! 
Thank you. Best Crab Cake Po-boy!one word: CRABCAKES. my breakfast was excellent. fresh ingredients and complimentary clementines to boot.Vegan energy smoothie (banana, blueberries, raspberries, flaxseed, walnuts, coconut and almond milk) was refreshing and just what I needed after walking around  in humid heat at the French Market. Owners are really hospitable and love Californian health nuts! Bit pricey ($7), but didn't mind cause the owners were sweet!!!The crab cakes live up to their name.. They're are sorta reasonable but for 7$ I was expecting for them to be a little larger than appeared. If your looking to just purchase the crab cakes you will do better purchasing two.The staff is quite nice, and the food is healthy and tasty. A health-conscious restaurant is a rare find in the French Quarter, so kudos for the effort!
While the food is great, the ambience is lackluster- the restaurant is in a market, and you have to sit at a bar. It's a great place to grab a quick bite, but don't expect anything more.They deserve all the good that is said and written. They want to serve healthy food and feed the heart of nola. Come check them out. But play nice or elseI highly recommend coming here in the French Market if you're craving a crabcake! Their Crabcake Passion hit the spot and I really liked their organic tea half n half! Friendly people and comforting ambience. I will come back here to eat other items on their menu when I'm back in the area.Everything is really good! Had the scramble with the famous crab cake and a local geaux green kumbucha, yummy!!! GF, and vegan options as well, a MUST try!I went to New Orleans for vacation last summer and as a vegetarian who doesn't eat meat or fish--New Orleans is a hard place to find a veg meal! My mom and I just decided to stop on a whim while walking towards the french market and I was SOO glad we did. Hands down best black bean burger i've ever had, it had a mango salsa on top and avocado. I've been a vegetarian for 15 years so i've eaten quite a few veggie burgers in my time and this is the BEST. My mom order the turkey burger mini and enjoyed that as well. Slightly pricey but in my opinion worth the cost. If you're looking for a good healthy meal in NOLA, this is the place to stop. Vegetarian or not, you won't be sorry!Okay so this place is so so so good! The food is amazing! Fresh vegan and gluten free friendly! The only thing- don't come for the service. It's friendly once you get it- but we sat at the counter for 15 minutes then had to ASK more than once for a menu from the girl working the counter. She was just staring out into space ignoring anyone who sat down. To be fair, she looked really young- but when people sit at your counter, GREET THEM! It would be great if the service was a good as the food, probs get delivery next timeI'm from Los Angeles, and I'm used to eating fairly "clean". Of course, when you're in New Orleans, you're going to eat all the amazing food, but the fried/butter thing gets to you after a while.
Thank you Meals From the Heart for offering something that is fresh, green and also tastes amazing! I had the crab cake on a salad and it was fantastic! You can just taste the love that goes into what they do!
Thanks for making a truly delicious, reasonably priced and memorable meal!As you could tell from the pictures, both the veggie salad and fruit salad plates were AMAZING, in the sense of presentation and heathiness.
BUT taste wise? I'm not so sure.
Plus wait is usually long, and service falls short.
More sincerity and efficiency pleeeeease.Well presented vegan food. Delicious. Quick delivery. Tried vegan crab cake sandwich (artichoke). Awesome.There are a lot of amazing food options in New Orleans, but this is the best for someone like me who can't enjoy easily 50% of it. I got a gluten free crab cake POBOY ! A GF CRAB CAKE POBOY! And it was amazing. I will be going there for lunch all the time until I go back to Oklahoma City. The staff is very nice and they also deliver to my hotel through the Yelp app. Amazing!The pancakes were standard, the poached egg and crab cake was awful. I think this place gets a ratings bump from vegetarian and vegan roots. People say the vegan shake is great, I did not venture in that territory. The service was disorganized, but that doesn't really matter much. In the end, the food was unsatisfying and did not feel from the heart at all. One ounce maple syrup packets and walnut crumbs are not exactly homemade.After 3 days at the French Quarter Festival eating unhealthy food, we happened upon Meals from the Heart. What a find! The service was friendly and helpful. I felt like the cousin who just dropped in. 
I had the marinated vegetable sandwich with mushrooms and my husband had the bean burger. They were both wonderful. There were too many vegetarian and vegan items on the menu, it was hard to decide, so we're going back tonight and tomorrow morning to try the whole wheat pancakes.
There are plenty of options for carnivore too.  I hear the crab cakes are the best.
Don't let the small stand with about 6 stools in the middle of the market turn you off, you're going to love your food and your heart will thank you.Gluten free pancakes and cold, juicy orange slices. Friendly staff that joke around with you like you're a regular. Sandwiches looked fresh and healthy and delicious. I'm trudging back through the heat to go here again this week. Will sweat for damn good food.LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!!!!  It's so nice to know there is a place in the French Market to get a healthy meal!!  We loved sitting at the diner type bar =)  My husband had the gumbo and I had the gluten free tilapia fish tacos....OMGOSH the best fish tacos ever!!  They are very large so make sure your hungry. The meals are prepared fresh so make yourself comfortable and don't be in a hurry...sit back and relax and enjoy this amazing food. The only sad part is we found it on our last day in New Orleans or we would of been back daily because there is so many yummy options.My trip to New Orleans was almost 3 months ago, but do you know what I keep saying about it? Alcohol alcohol something-something alcohol something get a passion crab salad from Meals from the Heart STAT alcohol alcohol nudity beignet. 
I still get warm and fuzzy remembering it: Valerie G and I, sleep-deprived and fresh out of an early cooking class, having just seen LOUIS ARMSTRONG'S FIRST CORNET (I can't even), wandering about the French Market looking for a snack and random keepsakes. V found her food calling at one place, and I ordered here, at Meals from the Heart. And guess what? I got a little tangerine to eat while I waited for my order. Can you see my smile from where you're sitting? "Here you go sweetheart," the gal said, and handed me a tangerine. That's step 1 for becoming a saint, I'm pretty sure.
And then my salad came out with two dressings and the most superb, cleanly prepared, fresh crab cake I have ever witnessed. Little to zero oil, so magnificently flavorful, no hateful celery implanted within: this is probably the best crab I have ever had.
I'm still getting over how blissful that experience was. What a welcome break from the litany of alcohol mistake alcohol oily food alcohol I better start praying now. If I ever go back this is the first food spot on my list and I'm going to hug these gals. Imma do it!Poached egg crab cake is delicious!!  Fresh squeezed OJ.   I'm sure the other food is great too, but I'm so in love with the poached egg and crab cake I haven't tried anything else. They have gluten free options.  We've been coming here for years definitely worth trying!  It's a counter cafe in the French market. Disposable utensils, cups and plates have to be used due to septic and space issues. However, that has never bothered me and the crab cake poached egg is worth it!!it's quite rare to find a place that offers vegetarian/vegan/gf NOLA classics like po'boys and gumbo! more places need to take a page from their book. their gumbo was great- a little mild for me but i'm a spice fiend- and the vegan "sausage" inside was deliciousHad a meal here that was Outstanding! The Crab PoBoy was Excellent and tasted perfect. The Vegan Smoothie was delicious and a great energy boost. Great spot and must eat if you like good healthy food.Gluten-free,  deliciousness all served with a friendly smile even when they are crazy busy.  Worth the wait!For me, a restaurant with awareness of gluten-intollerance needs is essential. MftH is a welcome oasis in a city where it seems almost everything is fried. The staff is quite aware of "special needs" and have already highlighted vegan and GF items on the menu, plus they seem quite willing to mix up exactly what you'd like. This is "real" food, not greasy or frozen or packaged, and it's made to order--so you may have to wait a few minutes, but it's worth it.Okay so the vegan selection is not huge. Be warned. But they have vegan blueberry pancakes and a bad ass smoothie with flax seeds, vanilla extract, and a shit ton 'o berries. Also it's in a cool outdoor market that reminds me of Europe, or you know, Dayton Ohio. Anyway point = awesome. And the people who run the joint are really nice.Come hear to escape the heart attack on a plate meals from everywhere else in the city.  Come here to have decent food.  But really come here for the company and the stories.
This place is literally a little high top table with 5 stools in the middle of the market.  The menu was small, but consisted of gluten free and low (insert bad food component) options. I went for the "Famous poached egg and crab passion" with a side of grits to share. Good food but come here really for the atmosphere. The people are so friendly and share great stories about life and the city. We were served by the retired brother cop.  He talked our ear off in a good way.Crab cake sandwich on wheat bread was AH-mazing! Im DEF coming back here. Great options for vegansThis is a great gluten free spot.  I never knew gluten free could be so good.  The menu helps you out because its color coded, gluten free, vegan, vegetarian.  I didn't have to keep bothering the server, even though i did ask for suggestions.  The crab cakes are a must!  The juice/ smoothies are tasty.  Fresh squeezed juices!  I had the blueberry pancakes.  They were good and very filling.  i will be back!So clean and healthy! Great customer service. If you are vegan and vegetarian, this is a place for you!The service was terrible, I ordered first and 15 min later my husband ordered his food, his came first and mine was another 15 min. wait. It was very pricy for a market place with no service. The food was mediocre.This place was great for a quick breakfast!  I ordered the pancakes which came with walnuts and syrup.  They were delicious and everyone in my group wanted a bite.  I appreciated the orange slices they offered while I was waiting on the pancakes.  This was the only counter in the French Market that was consistently busy while I was there so it has to be good!I was so happy to find this cafe in the French Market while my friend and I were sightseeing! She is coeliac and I'm vegan and both our needs were catered to here. I was hoping to find a vegan version of something 'typically Louisiana' (no vegan gator sausage though!) and they have here a vegan gumbo which was nice although I found out I'm not necessarily the biggest gumbo fan, through not fault of the staff here. The bread which came with it was a delicious accompaniment. 
There was plenty on offer though so I will definitely be back in the future to try some of the other items. Everything looked very clean and fresh, so I would recommend this place as an antidote to some of the rich, fried food I have seen elsewhere in NOLA! 
The staff here are lovely and when I asked told me about another couple of vegan places to check out which I thought was very kind.Most heart warming healthy option in this mad city. The gave us fresh orange slice for free as a appetizer:) where else can you go in vacation when you are vegan and gluten free...... service is excellent and music are every where in this city. It's just best place to eat for breakfast and lunch! I totally recommended.My wife and I stumbled across this awesome place . I had the chicken po boy and my wife had the crab cake . It was slamming.  We highly recommend the place . Especially if you are looking for a vegan meal. The service was great. The only thing is you have to wait for them to make every dish. It is well worth the wait.Wow! The yelp reviews here don't lie. The crab cake is amazing - it feels like a crab was emptied out crammed into a circular shape and seared.
The cake was mostly crab and flavored extremely well. Though it is only 3.5 oz, I thoroughly enjoyed every bite.
This place is not enough to make me full, however it was a snack worth eating.Loved this place!  The crab cake passion was really yummy and healthy, my bf had the crab cake po boy which had 2 nice crab cakes on there and came with some awesome steamed veggies.  The guy behind the counter was just a pleasure to talk to and such an awesome guy. His sister ??  I believe , she is the cook, she does an awesome job!  Like everyone else mentioned, it is such a healthy, lite option when you are in New Orleans.  Will definitely go back next time I am in N.O. and have already recommended it to my mom and dad who will be visiting in July!This place looks amazing and tastes amazing. Vegan options. Best crab cakes. Walk up bar. Love it!! The vegan power shake is a must have! It's so filling and delicious. 
The vegan gumbo and the grab cakes are award winning!
Nice to have healthy options in nolo where healthy food takes the back seat!Meals From the Heart Cafe is an open air diner at the French Market.  We sat at the counter and the staff was very attentive and the food was amazing!  It has a very local "mom and pop shop feel".  The food is served on paper plates w/ plastic silverware which didn't bother us especially since they have TONS of gluten free options!  I had the poached-egg and crab cake passion.  My wife had the egg-white open faced vegetable omelet.  Both dishes were fantastic!Yes, I came because of the reviews. And it was so worth it! Roland and his nephew James are charismatic and informative. And The Crab Cake Passion was delicious, healthy and filling. Such a fantastic alternative to the heavy, overindulgent meals  that are found throughout the city. I will definitely be back.Okay yes, this place has gluten free. And yes, the service was very friendly.  But I was not impressed with the place as a whole.  I ordered a sandwich on gf bread, and my boyfriend ordered tacos. Our order came out to almost $30 which I thought was ridiculous for the amount of food that we got. Also, this place is in the French Market, which means there is pretty much no where to sit. We also waited almost 45 minutes for our food that we ordered to go.  Don't think I will be returning here.Crab cake POBOY was incredible, wife sent me the next day to get another. Friendly too, made me one even though I showed up just before closing like a putz.This restaurant is in the French Market in the French Quarter. We thought that the CRAB CAke was the best we've ever eaten. The service was friendly tooLocated in the French Market, this quaint little shop sells excellent po'boys! If you're new to New Orleans or just visiting, then this restaurant is a great place to get a taste of New Orleans cuisine. The staff was very friendly and professional. Surprisingly, they had vegan gumbo! The food tested awesome, definitely worth the price!Delicious vegan food!! The black bean burger was scrumptious!!!! The staff was super friendly and seemed genuinely thankful for our business. My daughter had the portabella mushroom sandwich and it was delicious as well. I highly recommend this place as a "must" for those in New Orleans.Great atmosphere as soon as you walk through the door you are greeted and seated, the fish tacos are amazing it took a little long to get my food but was defiantly worth the wait. Some of the best food I have tasted in the areaOf all the little restaurants in The French Market, I have to say this restaurant is my favorite one.  They serve good quality food and they're priced reasonably.  It's a good place to grab a quick and healthy brunch.  The Crab cake here is a must try.  It is by far the best crab cake I have ever tasted.  It's packed with a good amount of crabs that you can taste and smell with your eyes closed.I came here since it was a gluten free menu, and it delivered no doubt. Nice scenerie, I got the crab cake with a poached egg and coffee. And the sauce was delish as well that came with the crab cake, great findI NEVER write reviews but Meals From The Heart is absolutely AMAZING!! My home Skillet (aka best friend) and I are currently vacationing in New Orleans and we've literally been here everyday for the past 3 days. My Home Skillet has gluten sensitivities so we chose this place since their reviews were so good. The food is Ahmazzzzing! I had the whole wheat pancakes topped with strawberries and walnuts with the apple vegan patties (which tastes like delicious sausage)! My God were they delicious. I would have posted a picture but I only remembered after I devoured every morsel, so...yeah. Apologies. Ms. Avril (the owner) is incredibly hospitable and sooooooooo damn nice! She offered a $25 meal to a homeless woman sitting next to us. She is an absolute gem and a blessing. I love this place! I love Ms. Avril!!! Eat here NOW!!Crab Cake Passion: gluten free. These people know how to poach an egg. Yum!Meals from the Heart is a lovely little find in the French Market. I was quite pleasantly surprised by their menu. They have a diverse selection including many vegan/vegetarian options, and you'd be hard-pressed to find some of their menu items anywhere else in the area -- we're talking vegan smoothies and fresh carrot juice. 
Seeking an authentic New Orleans experience, I ordered their crab cake po-boy. Many of their signs claimed that their crab cakes were the best in New Orleans, so I wanted to test just how accurate their claims were. I was not displeased. The crab cakes were cooked perfectly and incredibly flavorful -- not the fishy-tasting, stringy mess that you find in many restaurants. The remoulade, ohmygosh, the remoulade was amazing and a perfect compliment to the sandwich. The side of potatoes was seasoned well and cooked perfectly. 
To top off the whole experience, the servers were very friendly and polite. The bar stool seating was a bit uncomfortable, but hey, that just comes with the territory. This is a great little dining spot for people with dietary restrictions, but it's equally as good for the casual tourist like me.My husband and I ate here for the first time six years ago while on our honeymoon.  It was so good that we went again on an anniversary trip! The food is outstanding! It is all prepared fresh and the staff is super friendly. I got the Crab cake Po' Boy and even though I don't usually do bread,  I didn't feel heavy or overly full. I can't wait until our next visit to try something else.The good: service was delightful, and I got free orange slices while waiting for my meal. I loved that they had so many vegetarian options. 
The bad: I though the food was very over priced, and you didn't get that much. I ordered the veggie burger, which was just OK. There are only a few little stools to sit on, but you can find seating in other parts of the market. The time to get my food was a little slow, so don't order if you're in a rush.Guys, it's a VEGAN place!  In NOLA!  Who ever heard of such a thing?
Granted, they are famous for their crab-cakes which--unless I'm missing the concept--is not a vegan staple.  But this is a great place to pack in the veggies before back-packing through the French Quarter.Amazing! The crab cake poboy was spot on and I love that they serve healthy sides instead of piling on fries.This the most unlikely place to find vegan GF options, but one of our favorites during our visit to NO. we liked it so much, we had to go there twice.Great place with healthy food and friendly people.
I went to Meals From the Heart Cafe during my short 3 hours in New Orleans between driving in from Mobile and leaving out of MSY. in that time I was fortunate enough to be able to try two things here and talk to the chef and owner. 
I really love the idea of serving great tasting food that is  healthy. They don't use a lot of oil, don't have pork or trans-fat. I agree with all these things and think the world needs to go in this direction, unfortunately for me many great restaurants still haven't figured out you can be healthy and taste good, but Meals From the Heart Cafe is different.
My meal that I ate at their counter in the French Market was their fish tacos. The tilapia was perfectly cooked and seasoned and aside from a tiny bone everything was great. I wish there were onions on the tacos, and maybe a little bit of cheese, and obviously more avocado (there is no such thing as too much avocado), but the tacos were still really awesome, and everything was grilled, not fried. Taste and texture wise I could care less, they definitely got it right, but I didn't, I made a mess plowing through this amazing food. I forget what the tacos cost but it was under $13 and it was definitely worth every penny.
I also ordered a chicken ceasar salad to go that I ate at the airport. The chef said the dressing was commercial but that it was the lesser of the evils. Whatever, I loved it. The bed of greens was not your typical romaine but rather mixed greens. The chicken was very good and seasoned and the croutons were not excellent but definitely somewhere in the very good range. I thoroughly enjoyed the salad and found it be worth the $13 price tag. 
Next time I'm in New Orleans I'll be back, but in the meantime I can only hope someone takes this concept to Denver, New York, and LA, the cities where I spend most of my time.Food was delicious and service was great. I got the crab cake po boy and loved it. My friend normally doesn't eat seafood, but he tried a bite and wanted more! We had to wait a little while for our food (20-25 minutes), but the staff was very upfront about this and offered us a complimentary snack of orange slices in the meantime.This place is in the French Market. The food was good but everything else was subpar. We came in early on Sunday morning. It was one of the only places open around 9:30AM and that serves breakfast so we decided to eat here. The menu wasn't very organized and it was hard to really see what they had to offer because the food entrees were on two different places and sides of the menu. I could have read the menu thoroughly but when it's early and you're in a rush, no one does. So I wasn't aware of the price of what I ordered because I swear I couldn't find it on the menu. I just saw a picture on a table tent with the crab cakes and ordered that. 
We ordered 2 of the crab cake and poached eggs and 2 cheese and grits, 3 waters and 1 orange juice. Total was $51. 
The food was pretty good. My boyfriend and I shared the crab cake and poached egg with the cheese grits and that was enough for a small breakfast. 
We weren't greeted right away and the server looked tired and a little annoyed. The food took about 25 mins, which I what he quoted us. 
Overall this place was good but we only came here because it was convenient.So I found out quickly how much of a challenge it is to eat a healthy breakfast in New Orleans. I was so pleased to find this small gem of a restaurant in the open air French Market, thanks to Yelp. I enjoyed the veggie omelet 'cooked in extra virgin olive oil' says the proud waitress (owner?). The crab cake was mouth watering too. High quality food, good prices, quick and friendly service.We dined here for the French Quarter Festival. Its a black owned establishment that looks out for your health.. We each had a different meal around the crabcake. I had a side of potatoes with mine which they said would come out after my crab cake... They forgot and I had to remind the staff about them. My father had the Crab Cake with poached egg (he didn't realize a poached egg was "runny") so that was pure comedy seeing him eat that--- but he did nonetheless and loved it. His girlfriend got the crab cake poboy--- it was here idea to eat here first! She loved it as well. 
This city known for its rich sauces, fried po-boys, stern drinks, and party mentality; gave me a pleasant find in this restaurant tucked in the beautiful FRENCH MARKET...
When YOU are in the 1/4s this is a MUST EAT... Good Food! This place isn't marked up because of its status as a tourist trap that pumps crap out to you... Its delicious, warm, careful, textbook cookin' from the soul or in their case the HEART!
I'll be back on the 9th...Food is great but their customer service is top-notch. They genuinely cared to make sure all guests are looked after and interacted with utmost politeness. 
Parking in this area can be tricky. Saw lots of cars with tickets on windshield. Make sure to read signs, you will most likely need to pay to park. Cost is about $1.25 per hour.Their vegan blueberry pancakes are some of the best I have ever had. They also have these house made apple based vegan sausage, which smells terrifyingly real.
Ate here several times over the course of our vacation, and it was delicious every time!  Fantastic service, and fantastic food!OH my goodness! So happy to have a GF crab cake. Couldn't stop eating them! So delish!BEST CRAB CAKE I'VE EVER TASTED!  And the gumbo was the best I've tasted so far in New Orleans. Don't be fooled by the *gluten free* and *healthier options* concept---this food tastes every bit as delicious as its non-health-conscious counterparts. The proprietors are super friendly and fun. Everything is made to order and it's so hot and fresh......we've now had 3 meals there on a 5 day trip. Highly recommended!!!I decided to give this place a try because of its high Yelp ratings.  I came here with my breakfast companion and did not have to wait long for a seat at the 4-stool counter.  I had a bowl of black beans and my breakfast companion had the 2-egg omelette.  If I recall correctly, we waited about 15 minutes for our order to come out, but in the meantime we had a most friendly chat with the owner's father, who was staffing the counter that morning.  He is a friendly, knowledgeable fellow who was able to give recommendations about where to eat, what to see, etc., in New Orleans.  I had asked him where I could find a good bowl of yakamein, and his honest answer was that it probably wouldn't be safe to do so.  
He told us about how his daughter had perfected healthy Cajun cooking and something about how the 2-egg omelette required maybe a teaspoon of cooking oil to make---wow!  My breakfast companion enjoyed his omelette, and he normally grumbles about how heart-smart food tastes "too healthy."  I enjoyed my bowl of black beans; it was very filling too.  
Would I come back to Meals from the Heart?  You bet, especially after a week of eating nothing but barbecued meat, grits, and super hearty foods.SO GOOD!  We stumbled upon this place while browsing French Market and boy am I glad we ate here. I had the crab cake po boy and it was delicious. The crab cakes were fabulous, the bread was fresh, and the remoulade was tasty. It comes with your choice of grilled potatoes or grilled veggies; I got the veggies and they were yummy and fresh. The staff working the counter are super friendly and they even gave us orange slices to munch on while we waited for our food. I would definitely go again.Thank you so much to this staff for feeding us on a cold New Years Eve right before close. The vegan gumbo was incredible, and a filling meal. This dish gave me the dairy-free NOLA experience! Awesome spices and just the right amount of rice.Couldn't possibly be more fabulous: healthy, tasty, great service. I begged them to open in New York.Amazing food! Had the black bean gumbo and maxi black bean burger..everything was made from scratch and soooo fresh!!!! If I lived in NOLA, I'd eat here everyday!High-priced healthy food.  Food was excellent, but staff was rude and inattentive.  Don't ask for a soft drink. 
They may have forgotten our food which just happened to be "coming right out" when we asked for a status update on why it was taking so long and others were getting their food before us. Another 5 minutes later it was ready.
Wouldn't be my first choice at the French Market if visiting.This was a last minute online find for a Sunday Brunch that could do take-outs. 
This is in the French Street Market- so parking is tough. It took me almost 10 mins to finally score a spot, which I parked for less than 5 mins.
We ordered the Crab cake Passion PoBoy, Chicken tacos and Whole wheat Double stack pancakes to share. Everything was well presented, even in the styrofoam box. It all looks and tastes healthy. 
The lady at the counter(?owner) was very sweet and made sure my order was perfect. It took about 20 mins from online order to pickup ready.
I will definitely go back to sit down eat while crowd watching.Shared the fish tacos and crab cake passion (crab cake salad). After eating in New Orleans for the past 4 day, this was the first healthy meal that didn't make me feel like dying. It was a truly refreshing meal with low oil, low sodium, and still full of flavor. And lastly, very friendly service :)Stopped her in the French Market based on previous reviews. I had the crab sandwich with veggies. Friendly employees who gave us each a fresh tangerine after we ordered. My sandwich was served on a hearty wheat roll and the veggies were tender, not mushy with a nice seasoning.The woman who owns this place is fabulous! Her food is real, clean and freshly made to order. Soooo delicious, flavourful and filling. The menu has many choices, it can be hard to choose! She will even custom order for you! If you want to eat healthy, this is the place to go!Oh what a find this place was!  After 4 decadent days in NOLA my liver and arteries were rebelling so we decided to go healthy.  I found Meals from the Heart online, and it was in the French Market where we were headed to that day anyway.  
My husband and I got the same meal:  thier signature crab cake and poached egg dish.  AMAZING!  The crab cake had minimal (if any) breading and the egg was cooked perfectly (not easy to do with poaching).  We shared an order of the (not toally healthy) cheesy grits and they were creamy, flavorful, and worth the calories.  My husband got a side of the turkey sausage which tasted clean, zesty and homemade. The couple we were with ordered the turkey bacon and it was the first time it tasted....well, tasted like BACON!  Nothing was greasy or heavy and we left satisfied but not in the "Thanksgiving Day Pain" we'd experienced earlier in the trip.
Downside-service was a little slow. Half the meals came out together and the other half came out a good 15 minutes later.  If you're travelling with people who don't mind lingering a little for good, healthy food, then you won't be disappointed!Was excited to try a healthy breakfast alternative to Cafe du Monde. The ladies who work there are friendly,  but expect a longer wait for orders that are vegan or gluten-free because they clean the grill between orders. We had the crab cake and poached egg and gluten-free blueberry pancakes with turkey bacon. The pancakes were good, the crab cakes was just ok. The turkey bacon was like hard rubber. And whatever you do,  stay away from the coffee. Not altogether horrible, but I'd probably choose another spot if I was going to eat in the French Market again.Ok, it's starting off... slow. It's lunch time on a weekend and bustling, the folks behind the counter are working hard, but they don't seem to have a good system to process orders.  Get a menu, order w/i a couple minutes, then...
After waiting for about a half hour after ordering, the kind lady at the counter gave us a saucer of sliced oranges (after she sees my daughter looking kinda hungry).  Hope this meal is worth the wait!  
Ten minutes after the sliced oranges, the food comes out.  
I get the Crab Cake Passion (crab cake in a salad, rather than with bread).  Good, tasty crab cake, adequately sized.  I like it.  Recommend... if the wait is short.
My daughter has the Salmon Po Boy.  Um, we suggest you avoid.  It came out overcooked and dry.
Wife gets the fish tacos.  Pretty good, a little dry.  Goes down better with extra pico de gallo.
Final verdict... good meal, but not worth waiting a whopping 40 minutes for a walk-up food stand in the French Market.  If you're looking for a healthy option in the French Quarter, go to Green Goddess.  Food at Green Goddess is also healthy, and the flavor profiles are much more inventive.Place located in the French market. No seating. But you can sit anywhere in the area. We sat at the bar which was nice. I have to say food was expensive. The price wouldn't matter if they delivered but we ordered the the black bean soup and it was ok; it came with 2 pieces of very old and black avocados. The other plate was the crab salad, the crab cake was great especially with the home made sauce but the salad was ok overall. Not a very generous potions in their paper plates.I went here with my sister based on Yelp reviews since we needed something healthier than what we'd been eating in New Orleans and it was delicious.  I think it was the owner who was helping us, but she was wonderful and the food was incredible.  The crab cakes were delicious and had barely any filler.  The remoulade and the salad dressing were incredible.  The people there are so friendly!!  This place was really great!The black beans brown rice and avocado was amazing and they give you orange slices as an appetizer! I loved this place and will be back!This place is adorable, in every way that I personally consider something adorable.  It is located in the French Market.  It is likely more for carry out orders, and is housed in a tiny space, with a few stools that face you right up to "Bay 13" in the market.  And in our case, we were instantly greeted by owner, Averill Lazard on our first visit.  She was beyond helpful and customer oriented.  And after our initial good experience, we returned the next day.  Of course, she remembered me, & the fact that I was long overdue for some gluten free AND dairy free pancakes (something that seems to be impossible to find at most restaurants - you can get gluten free OR dairy free - but never both).  And for those of you who CAN eat without restrictions - there is breakfast, lunch, AND dinner.  Everything from crab cakes, Po'Boys & Gumbo, to salads, pancakes, grits, and even a vegan shake option.
Be aware that this is a very small business, and meals are cooked to order.  There were definitely regulars who called ahead with their orders, & came to pick up as we were waiting for our breakfast.  I am suspecting this is the best route for most.  But if you HAVE the time, sit down at a stool, and take in the positive energy.
Ms. Lazard brought us each a delicious orange to snack on while we waited, & kept us engaged with inspiring and entertaining conversation.  I look forward to going back to New Orleans specifically to visit Meals From the Heart. I obviously am motivated by the food, which is not only good- but safe for me to eat.  But we were so impressed by the good energy and dedication to the customer experience, that we would go back JUST to be in that environment again - even sans the food.  Averill and her team at Meals From the Heart really do represent that very description.  They really DO serve and create FROM their hearts.  I am so glad that my Yelp search for gluten free led me to this now new favorite spot in New Orleans.This is a great place to eat in the French Market. (Look for Bay 13)  The crab cakes are worth the extra walk down to the market. The Crab Cake Passion were prepared great, with a light crunch on the outside, without extra fillers on the inside, just crab. Plus I liked how we were served fresh cut oranges slices while we waited for our meal, especially refreshing on a hot day.  One of the best places we tried in the French Quarter, a fresh alternative!My daughter has Celiac disease and New Orleans is definitely not the most gluten free friendly place to eat. It was difficult for her to find food there that was safe for her to eat. We happened to go to the Farmer's Market and stumbled upon Meals from the Heart. She saw all the gluten free offerings and got very excited. The employee saw us and told us that they had closed 15 minutes earlier. She told him she was so bummed because she had such a hard time eating in New Orleans with her disease. We were about to leave and he told her that he could see that she was really excited so he said they would stay longer to make her a meal. He assured her that their gluten free handling of food was very good and safe for her. She absolutely loved her po boy sandwich and was excited to be able to eat something that we all had been able to enjoy.  We are going back in April and will definitely visit this place again. Thank you for making my daughter happy and keeping her healthy!Took the day off to recover from a road trip. Treated myself to a late lunch here. It was phenomenal!! A vegans dream come true!! Their vegan crabcakes poboy is a special recipe that their grandma created using artichoke and chickpeas!! Topped off with fresh greens and a homemade vegan remoulade sauce, I could have eaten 3of these!! I have more about this and other vegan spots in New Orleans on my blog https://nolavegan.org also on instagram @nola_jackI love this place! After a long couple days of eating heavy southern cuisine, it was such a relief dining here!  They offer healthy alternatives including gluten free and veggie/vegan options. This family owned joint is located in the busy French market, and there is heavy foot traffic. We got pretty lucky and immediately slid into two bar seats and were promptly and warmly greeted. Having done some research I already knew what I wanted...the crab cakes! Boy, they certainly did not disappoint! I had crab cakes from other establishments and you can really taste the difference...they don't skimp on the crab here and it tastes so fresh. By far the best in NOLA! My partner tried these chicken tacos...came with two but they were piled high. It was so flavorful! He thought he wasn't gonna come close to finishing, but he definitely gobbled it up before I was done with mine! We also tried the power shake...and made the mistake of each ordering our own...don't do that haha. It was yummy. Not too sweet and packed with healthy ingredients! We will definitely be back!My friend and I traveled to Louisiana to do some nature photography and spent a day in New Orleans.  It was a Sunday morning and we were looking for a bite to eat.  Being tourists, we headed for Cafe du Monde but found the line snaking into the street.  Little did we know that a treasure of a little place (Meals from the Heart Cafe) was a short walk from there in the French Market.
We arrived as they were opening and received a warm welcome.  I delighted to find they had a veggie omelet in an English muffin and a myriad of hot tea to choose from.  Not only was breakfast delicious (and healthy), but the two gals who ran the place were absolutely delightful and felt like old friends by the time we said our farewells.
We could not have had a better introduction to New Orleans than this.  It is the people you meet along the way that makes travel so memorable and you truly touched my heart with your welcoming and friendly attitude.  I thank you for the good food and the comraderie.  Bon Appetit!Run don't walk to this fabulous tasting GF establishment. Start here or plan your lunch or early supper here for GF family member. It's fast food but delicious and cooked to order. The people here are wonderful.One of those places you try to go to to detox from the horrifying things you've done to your body in the last 24/48/72 hours in New Orleans.  Meals from the heart just sounds so damn right and wholesome.
You sit on a lil stool inside the French Market and stare at the chubby girls drinking bloody mary at 1pm on the stools next to you with disdain.  You didn't drink enough already biyaches?  Just give me water or some JUICE.  
The crab cakes, while good, are no bigger than a fart stain and costs about $8.  Not really worth it to me.  The food came on disposable like plates giving you the impression it's all very fast and cheap.  Except it's not.  And I'd rather have a po'boy.Best gluten free pancakes I've ever eaten. And at 1 pm to boot!
Great people, fast service, and reasonable prices. Loved it. And I will be back.This is a good place to eat if you are looking for something a little more light and healthy in the area. We had the crab cake and tilapia tacos, both were yummy. There are also many gluten free options on the menu.The food was amazing. I got the vegan crab cake tacos and it was seriously delicious. 
This is not fast food. Everything is freshly cooked up so be prepared for at least a 20 min wait but it so worth it! Cannot go wrong with this place just don't come in a hurry.Stopped here based on yelp reviews. It was early in the day, so I didn't want to overindulge too soon. I enjoyed a yummy mini black bean burger, while my boyfriend had the incredibly delicious crabcake passion, served on a bed of greens. I also had the "vegan power shake" which was tasty and really hit the spot. It was piled high above the rim of the cup and easily could have been a meal on its own. I was a little turned off by the fact that it tasted like soft serve ice cream, which I wasn't expecting, but I suppose that is due to the vanilla flavoring (the ingredients are listed on a sign). The waiter was very friendly and served us blood orange while we waited. I definitely recommend stopping here for a healthy meal to keep you going and not put you to sleep.I would say it's a little overpriced (especially for being in the market) for size, ingredients, etc. Lacked a certain wow factor. Filled me up, but I wasn't overly impressed. Service was friendly, though.Simple deli counter experience, and very good food. Crabcakes are the specialty. Vegetarian and vegan friendly and they don't serve any pork products. Very friendly service.I ordered the vegan whole wheat blueberry pancakes with iced green tea lemonade.  On point and so delicious!!
Best part about it?  I was able to order these at 1pm - the whole menu is served all day.  
The couple next to me ordered the vegan crab cakes and salad which also looked amazing.  
The service here is amazing - my server was the only one in the front juggling many things at once and was super sweet.  I noticed with myself and others that if they mess up or take longer than usual,  they compensated with extra food or discounted ticket.  
If you're in NOLA and looking for a place to eat that's fairly priced, has options for everyone (food restrictions, allergies or none),  and won't leave you feeling heavy....then this is your place!!!
Must trythe reviews dont lie! one of the best meals, i had here in new orleans! omg! crabcakesWonderful food and service! I never thought I would be able to enjoy a poboy again now that I can't have gluten, but I got such a sweet surprise to find out they had gluten free bread. Talapia poboy = delicious.Cook with your heart, think with your head, please. 
Ordered the black bean soup which was supposed to be topped with fresh slices of avocado, according to both their menu and the picture prominently displayed on the bar table. So you can understand my disappointment when my dish arrived sans my favorite green fruit. When I spoke up, the server seemed a bit surprised and paused for an awkwardly long time before explaining that their avocados were not ripe and he didn't know that until the dish was done. 
So, instead of offering a few dollars off the bill or asking me if I wanted something else as I think a normal, coherent server would do, he said that the produce stand a few paces down sold fresh avocado. Really? His next idea was to tell me to come back and order something tomorrow and he would leave a note to add extra avocado to whatever I wanted. I don't know what planet that makes sense on, but its not this one. 
BOTTOM LINE: Good food sometimes served incomplete, and awkward service.Just finished eating a crab cake po'boy that changed my life. Do not ask questions, just go there and ask for this: crab cake Passion po'boy with vegetables. 
Seriously... I think they put crack in the food. I am beyond stuffed and all I want to do is order more.We found this place thanks to rigorous research about veggie food in Nawlins'. This treasure is tucked away inside the historic French Market. Tummy, hot red lentils and rice with fresh orange juice was the perfect comfort food I needed before strapping up to explore the Quarter. This is a little stall, so you sit on limited chairs facing the counter .. and watch the fresh food come by slowly as you soak in the chatter that can only be New Orleans :)Perfect spot for lunch.  Split a crab cake po-boy, which was the perfect amount for two.  The crab cakes themselves are flavorful, good texture, great sear. Very tasty spicy remoulade.  Also the lemonade with honey was a pleasant surprise.  All in all, a place that knows what it wants to do and does it extremely well.Daughter is vegan and had to hit this place two days in a row. Food is super fresh and high quality. Service is friendly and attentive. Many food selections for both vegan, non vegan and gluten free. This is a gem!My friends and I probably went to the French Market everyday that we were in NOLA, and on one of the days we were in a hurry to grab at early snack/dinner to-go. I yelped this place, and fellow yelpers gave it 5-stars, and a must-try for the crab cakes...so what do I do? I get the crab cake! 
I ended up with the poached egg w/ crab cake and english muffin to-go. Only thing I did right away was open up the box and set aside the english muffins, because I didn't want it to get soggy (anything soggy ruins the taste, of course) and good thing I did, because by the time we got back to our place, all the steam/heat made it less crunchy, but was edible. (Tip, eat it fresh while you can!) 
Probably one of the best crab cakes I've had. You can definitely taste the freshness of the crab in your mouth..and the poached egg was a delightful add on. I also grabbed a blue cheese salad at the stand next to it, (it wasn't enough to fill up a hungry girl), and complemented nicely together. 
Definitely give it a try while you can!