- had meat and cheese plate. beautiful plate but only 1 cheese.  should be meat and A cheese plate.
-ambiance romantic and nice.
-staff very friendly.
- would go againThis was by far the best food I ate in New Orleans while there for a work trip.  Everything was perfectly cooked or uncooked depending on what you order.  It is a wonderful French restaurant with all the classics and some that have a twist.  The atmosphere was nice but it definitely got crowded fast and we had reservations, so I would definitely recommend reservations.  We had radishes with butter that were simple and delicious, escargot in bone marrow, beef tartare, pork belly & crispy scallops, roasted vegetable salad, the hanger steak au poivre, and possibly a couple other things that I can't quite remember.  We shared this among 4 people and we all had wonderful things to say about the food.  I was especially impressed by the flavor in the beef tartare.  I recently went to Paris and had so much beef tartare you would think I would have burst but this version of tartare topped the list.  You must go here if you are in town and looking for legit French food.  Great wine too!This place was really great. It had a trendy, intimate feel to it. The staff was great - very welcoming and helpful. The food came in perfect portions and everyone in my group loved their entrees and the cocktails were fantastic.
The only reason I'm not giving them five stars is because they were very slow. I wouldn't recommend going here if you are in a rush or have somewhere to be immediately after. But if you have time to sit and enjoy great food and ambiance, this is your place.After a lacklustre dinner the previous night at a "big-name" NOLA restaurant, I was wondering if local cooking was on the decline, spiralling down into tourist-pleasing and reputation-riding. My partner's brother lives on Esplanade and recommended Meauxbar... it was friendly, intelligently suggesting, unafraid to discuss the cuisine and just plain tasty!  Restored my faith that there are still excellent restaurants out there in NOLA.  The scallops and pork belly were perfectly complemented on their plate, the hanger steak left my mouth happy, the pecan old-fashioned was fun and quirky.  I couldn't try it (mushroom allergy) but my partner's crab and mushroom toast left her raving as well. 
I plan to return, sometime when I'm back in town.  And Meauxbar has restored my faith in the local culinary scene...This place is 5 stars all around. The location (close enough to the French Quarter but not in the thick of it), the ambiance, and - most of all - the food. We started with the burrata and basically licked the plate clean. I ordered the fish amandine as my main and could not stop commenting that it may be the best dish I've eaten...ever! The flavor is insane. I highly recommend a stop here if you're in NOLA. In a city where great food is the norm, this is a star. Yum!Solid three stars. Not a bad place, but not absolutely spectacular.  Small plates are very small. Large plates are enough but not generous. Definitely not a place if you are hungry.  We enjoyed our dinner and the atmosphere enough. But there are more interesting and delicious places in NO. Meauxbar felt like a touristy place that attracted by its odd menu. If we come back it would be for a creme brûlée with French 75 before a play/concert.A little fancy for my taste. The fries were great though with this pepper sauce to dip. My friend got gnocchi and was disappointed in the portion size and another friend got the cheese plate and said the chick peas were salty but other than that successful dinner. Friendly staff.Best restaurant in town for me so far (I've been to about 15... so not a total expert). Wow. Pork belly cooked to perfect crisp and sweetness, scallops seared just right and subtly flavored, pork chop to die for. Can't wait to go back.Oh my gosh!  You have to go there and order the Black Drum almandine!  Absolutely the best dish ever!  Wish we had more time in NOLA to go again!The food was good. The service... Not so much. I found a piece of plastic in my buttermilk drop Donut... of significant size. It was the best doughnut I had had all weekend. You would think when you find a piece a plastic in your donut service may be a little beyond standard. But instead I was responded to as if it is common to find pieces of plastic in your doughnut and how dare you bring it to the attention of anybody when service at a high demand. They didn't even comp the bill...We tried this restaurant on our visit and were fortunate to be here for restaurant week. The Burrata was so good, the grilled
Fish amandine with butter and hangar steak were also very good.Those Parmesan fries were so delicious!  Overall great food and service!Meauxbar was amazing! We started with the fried oysters and the rice flour they were fried in made them so light. The waiter made wonderful recommendations. We all had the catch of the day and it was the best fish we'd ever eaten! It's a small venue, so make reservations but it's off the beaten path so less people know about it.The goat cheese tart needed to be served warmer. The fish on top was a very unwelcoming jarring flavor. The escargot had too much herbsaint cooked into it leaving a bitter flavor. I ordered the creme brûlée and asked just to do 1 scoop of gelato, but unfortunately "they don't do that." The creme brûlée was too big and too sweet. After seeing that I had only eaten one scoop of gelato, the manager adjusted the price to 4 dollars, which is still way over priced for such a small scoop. Service (Ben) and ambiance was great, but management could use some improvement.Definitely outstanding. My husband discovered this place because he helped a member of the wait staff who had a flat tire in our neighborhood. He visited the restaurant soon after, ate at the bar, and told me I would love it, so we were there again the next night. 
We ordered small plates, and everything was excellent. All of the servers were helpful with suggestions. Our selections included lovely sweetbreads, pork belly and scallops, a salad with peaches and crabmeat. The pork belly was delicious, unctuous but with crisp edges. This was several weeks ago and the seasonal menu has since changed, so some of these items are no longer on the menu. We eagerly anticipate returning and sampling the new offerings.What a great non NOLA dining experience. been coming here for 40 years and nothing like it.Stacy was great. Food was great. Noise level and background music just right. 
This place deserves to be busier.
Will recommend to anyone i know visiting NOLA.We had not been her before and decided to try it during restaurant week.  We all had the special menu and everything was delicious.  We really enjoyed the freshness and the different twist on area favorites like red fish or burrata.  In addition to the food the unique cocktail and wine list provided the perfect accompaniment to a terrific meal.  I would be remiss if I did not mention the wonderful staff.  They were friendly, provided expert guidance on the menu and worked together to ensure we had a great meal.OMG! My husband and I had dinner at Meauxbar not just one night but two nights in a row because it was such a pleasant dining experience! The staff was amazing, very personable, knowledgeable and fun! The menu is creative and artistically executed, melding flavors and textures of combinations that you don't see in our area, (San Francisco). The staff is amazing!! I wasn't fortunate enough to get all the names of the friendly and accommodating staff, but 3 stand out. Meet Pearl, the hostess with the mostest. Her big smile and personality shines. (Love her fashion combos).  Rochelle, our server on the first night, provided excellent suggestions on the menu including cocktails and wine.  She is a sweetheart. We had dinner with Chris tonight who is a polished and very personable server. Chris wrote down suggestions for us to complete our stay in New Orleans. We want to take them all home with us!  a great recommendation, check it out!So after dining in NYC Michelin star restaurants, I am happy to claim that this is a true gem and Michelin standard restaurant!  Worth the wait, and every bite is heavenly!!Meaxbar was the final stop of a foodie weekend in NOLA.  My sister highly recommended we make the trek to Rampart for this local gem.  We made reservations and were very glad we did.  It was a Monday evening and when we were wrapping up at 8pm the place was packed.
The staff was very attentive and clearly committed to their establishment and making sure the customers were happy.  They even brought me a pair of reading glasses to read the menu!
The place has bit of a hipster Booklyn vibe that we have never seen in New Orleans and I mean that in a good way!
We enjoyed everything on the menu.  Eclectic and very satisfying.This place has a great atmosphere. The menu is a mix of New Orleans cousine from fresh crepes, to biscuits and gravy, to yak-a-mein (thick beef stew). It has a great mimosa deal of $22/per person with entree. You will not be disappointed.Great way to celebrate with style and elegance in NOLA. Certainly not a tourist trap. Upon entry you are greated by very friendly front of house  staff. The lighting is romantic and the environs elegant while trendy. We had a dedicated server as we were there for a party. His recommendations were helpful and his service efficient. 
Started with lagniappe of sweet potato waffles fries, fried in butter, kid you not. Followed by roasted chickpeas (I think). Both were delicious nibbles while we waited for food. Don't forget to look at the signature cocktails before hitting the well selected wine list. 
Our drinks had everything from rye to absinthe to pisco. Each very different  from the other but exceptional. The Loire white was perfectly crispy and minerally to pair with dinner as was the medium bodied red (beverage service was good, hence can't remember much more...) 
A few must tries: gnocchi which tasted of fall, the brisket grilled cheese and the scallops. All well seasoned and delicious. Save room for dessert, you will not be disappointed in the chocolate cake (it has a better name than that.,,). 
Check this place out, you won't be disappointed.We came here for desserts and cocktails. Wow!!!!!!!!!!!!!  To be honest, I can't even pronounce what we ate, but it was freaking amazing!!!  The bartender made us drinks based on our preferences, and they were amazing!!  I can't wait to come back for actual dinner!!!Sorry Tom Fitzmorris, this place is good but not 4 Fleur de lis good.  Had the escargot.  Very good but not excellent. Same for the hanger steak with fries. The service was excellent however.  Total 46 plus tip. Recommended.Everything was delish as always!
I was celebrating my birthday and was able to toast some champs with the chef, Kristen, who has been one of my absolute favorite chefs in the city since she and her staff were at Ste. Marie.
Kristen and the staff are the reasons we will follow wherever life takes them!  A bit stalkerish, maybe, but I'm a huge fan!
We had a variety of food including sweetbreads (amazing), pork belly & scallops (double amazing), french fries (can't go wrong here), meauxbar salad (fresh, light and wonderful), oyster pan roast (can I please have more?), bolognese (perfect) and maybe my favorite, french onion grilled cheese.
Everything was perfectly cooked.  The waitstaff, as usual, was amazing and very accommodating. 
I am always impressed by Chef Kristen's creations and will be visiting Meauxbar as often as I can.We went all small plates for our dinner and they were terrific! The sweetbreads were the best I've had. The escargot in bone were tender and perfectly seasoned. The scallop and pork belly was Amazing!! The cocktails were dangerously good. We also had the chicken pâté, which was rich and wonderful...the beets on top were a little much so we just delicately scraped them off. The vibe was trendy but casual, the service was good.Everything was phenomenal. We went to eat 5 days after they reopened back up with the crew from Ste. Marie. The service was very attentive but not stuffy and all the food was delicious and so carefully put together. 
Had the tartare, tradiontional with a twist very good. All entrees looked very appetizing. I can speak for the chicken farci and lamb loin both ridiculously good.
Go on a limb and try the sweetened goat cheese for dessert you will thank me.For some reason I thought Meauxbar would be a quality restaurant given the nice rating on Yelp. That was not my experience AT ALL. I felt it was a bar with a eclectic menu. 
First of all, I felt out of place and even worse I brought my little niece. The clientele looked to consist of mid-20 year olds. There is nothing wrong with that whatsoever, but it looked like a frat/sorority hangout that specialized in bottomless mimosas. 
In addition, the service seemed to be seemed to be lacking. The bartender had to make our non-alcoholic iced tea to order, causing us to be  drinkless for long periods of time. I felt like the staff was more interested in getting the young adults drunk than being attentive to non-drinking customers. I felt terrible for my niece. We drove over an hour for a quality restaurant, and I picked this?!? Oh well, live and learn.
I will say the watermelon, tomato, and crab salad is absolutely DELIGHTFUL. Everything else we ordered was less than par. Not only was there a prolonged time between drinks, our food took forever to receive. 
We went for brunch on Saturday. I wish we would have went for dinner, but I do not plan to go back. 
If you are one of the "cool kids" around mid-20 maybe this is the place for you. If you want a quality dinning experience with good food and/or good service, then stay away.Four and a half really.
A friend who lives in NOLA suggested Meauxbar and we loved it.
I booked on Open Table with a comment and the maitre'd welcomed us and mentioned it.
So nice.
The food was delicious. The tomatoes in the special salad tasted like....real tomatoes. We also enjoyed the escargots in marrow (yum), the duck, the fish of the day almondine and two desserts...the chocolate cake and the mint mousse. The latter knocked me out..served with sugared cucumber which sounds strange but was just amazing.
Good martinis and wine, too.
It would be five stars but our server seemed just a little behind the eight ball. Not enough
to take away the good vibes but just not up to the rest of the experience. A minor quibble to be sure.Amazing food, great ambience. Try the snails in bone marrow.I dine out alone a lot and have a habit of just showing up at some of the most popular restaurants without a reservation. I do this because, I don't mind being seated at the bar. Normally it is a win-win situation. For the restaurant, I don't tie up a table and for me, I'm still able to enjoy a fabulous meal. 
When I showed up at Meauxbar, I was surprised how small it was and got a little worried that my normal plan may not work. However, the host was very accommodating. He had a two top table available and wouldn't need it till 8:30 PM for a reservation. That gave me one hour and forty-five minutes - that is more then enough time for me. 
Prior to my arrival, I had studied the menu and knew what I wanted. I started off with a "snack" of; Brussels Sprout Pan Roast. These small sized sprouts were done perfectly. They were soft, but yet had a snap, crunch to them for freshness. Sprouts are my #2 favorite veggie so I order them when ever they are offered on a menu. These were the absolute best that I had in New Orleans. 
My large plate was the, Hanger Steak Au Poivre with Parmesan Frites. The steak was tender and prepared to requested temp. It also was seasoned perfectly, allowing the natural flavor of the steak to shine. My frites were thin, crisp and had fresh shavings of Parmesan on top. No ketchup was needed for these frites. The combination of this hanger steak and frites made for an exquisite meal. 
I had no room for dessert, I was stuffed. I finished in plenty of time and thanked the host for making room for me. My server was delightful and the bartender allowed me to charge my phone behind the bar. Top-notch customer service all around. I loved Meauxbar. 
When: August 27, 2016
Why: DinnerA very cute, cozy restaurant.
The staff was very friendly and helpful. I actually made a reservation but had to cancel because of a delayed flight and they were more than accommodating and understanding.
They also gave us free sparkling wine to help us celebrate our anniversary.
The food was good, but the decor and staff brought it to 4 stars for me.
Now on to the food!
-The escargot ($13) was bland and should have been seasoned more. There was a slight bitter taste to them too. I didn't like it.
-The Meauxbar salad ($8)was dressed nicely, but the cheese was very strong.
-The pork belly with scallops ($14) was probably my favorite dish that we had. The scallops were cooked well, and the pork belly had a nice sear and the two paired well together.
-The beef tartare ($13) was overall good, nothing out of the ordinary.
We asked the server to course out the food for us so we didn't get everything all at once, and we got the salad and escargot first then the scallops and beef tartare. I would have preferred getting the tartare and salad first. But oh well.
We also asked the flavors of the gelato and sorbet for dessert and we asked if we could get both (as in mix and match), but we were given a serving of each. Don't get the olive oil gelato or lemon sorbet. The gelato tasted like olive oil that had been used to cook something already, and the lemon sorbet was way too tart.
Overall, maybe we ordered the wrong dishes, but I would go back based on the atmosphere and potential that I saw in the dishes I liked.I've been here before and loved the ambiance, but this was my first time with new chef Kristen. Robert, one of the owners, was there and a very gracious  host. We tried the beet salad (good), and sampled the hangar steak, the bolognese and the lamb loin. My favorite was the bolognese, unexpectedly crunchy and delectable. When we tasted our wine we felt, and the maitre d' agreed, that it may have turned. He substituted a better bottle at the same price. Overall a terrific experience. Valet parking in that neighborhood would help.Stopped in for an early dinner with my whole family of 6 and we were very impressed. It's a smaller seating area but there were a few tables that could accommodate 6 people. The service was prompt and friendly and the food was delicious! I also enjoyed a cocktail from the. bar that was a bit heavy on the rum for my tastes but was interesting nevertheless. My main was the smoked duck which was well seasoned and had excellent sides. My father got the steak which came with amazing thick ripple cut chips with cheese. An excellent choice for a date or large group of friends or family.Absolutely phenomenal. We had our weekly date night here and I could not have been happier. Well, thats not true - I would have loved a glass of cabernet sauvignon, but unfortunately it's only available by the bottle. 
We ordered the French fries and roille, beef tartar, moules amd frites, the French onion grilled cheese, and the creme brulee. Fantastic. Everything was fantastic.We only stopped in here for light nosh and cocktails, but it was spectacular. The tomatoes with tarragon lemon yogurt were incredible, and the bartender was amusing, knowledgeable and attentive. He mixed up custom cocktails and old classics without missing a beat. The vibe is trendy, but it's also comfortable and friendly.Outstanding !  For me and my tastes and stomach size...an excellent value with properly sized (non-Midwest) portions !
Slight snafu with getting wines on time with plates being delivered....but stuff like this you laugh off when everything else is done so well.
Excellent espresso which is never a given and is often an oversight in most restaurants.
Close enough to the theaters without being so close ya can't get a seat.Service good.  Ambiance good.  Food really good.  Beef tar tar and scallops were delicious!  Bf really liked the hanger steak.  Cool little restaurant with a nice bar inside.As a 30-year resident of the French Quarter, this is the first time a restaurant has ever, ever, ever "lost" our reservations for a Saturday night table of 6. Needless to say, our night was ruined. Inexcusable.Needs a little "meaux" work on the menu.
We were here about a week ago on a Thursday and had early reservations, in fact we were the first people in the restaurant at about 6:00 pm.  
Atmosphere:  It's beautiful inside, I love the look of the bar, the tile work, the lighting, and the intimacy of the restaurant.  The high ceilings keep the noise level down even though there are quite a few tables in a somewhat small space.  it doesn't feel cramped and has a very modern feel to it even though the decor is classic french cafe.
Before going into our disappointments, I will say that the presentation of the food was beautiful. 
It was pretty hit or miss for us on the food, mostly miss. The beet salad with satsuma was absolutely delicious.  The tartness of the satsuma complimented the smokiness of the goat cheese and the toasted pumpkin seed added a nice texture.  The sweetbreads were cooked perfectly and the grits were delicious. However, the onion marmalade was too sweet and overpowered the flavor of the sweetbreads completely.  I felt there were too many items on the menu that played with sweet and savory and missed the mark because of that.  The sweet was always overpowering the savory.  Don't get me wrong, when sweet savory works together it is amazing (salted caramel, e.g.), but there has to subtlety in the use of the sweet (especially with savory entrees like sweetbreads and pate) or it becomes heavy handed and detracts from the dish.  We ended up scraping the marmalade off and eating the dish that way, but in my opinion it should have been served that way or at least substantially reduce the sweetness or amount of the marmalade.  This was also evident with the pate.  The pate comes with a "roasted beet caviar."  Sounds savory doesn't it?  Well, it's basically beet jam.  This would have been fine also except the chef spreads the pate and beet jam on the house made bread before it gets to the table.  The pate was delicious but the "beet caviar" made it so sweet you couldn't taste it and it was slathered on top (about twice as much "caviar" as pate.) I scraped the beet jam off and the pate was delicious.  I would suggest that in the future they make this entree more of a charcuterie board presentation and let the guests assemble the pate and caviar to their own desired pallet.
The goat cheese tart was a real disappointment.  First I don't think it was a tart.  I may be misremembering, but it seemed more like a thinly sliced bread than a delicate, buttery tart. Of course, maybe it was a tart but being served at room temperature ruined that for me. It was slathered in cold caramelized onions with a piece of friend of goat cheese on top.  It was texturally unpleasant and the onions might as well have been last night's leftovers.  This dish had serious conceptual and executional problems.  We ate three bites and left it on the table.  Informed the waitress that the cold onions were off-putting.  She smiled but didn't send a manager, take it off the check, or offer to get us anything else.  She was a very nice overall but that was a customer service misstep.  I will say that even when I complain I do it in a constructive way, i never ask for something to replace it or ask that it be taken off the bill.  But when you have an entire dish left virtually untouched and your customers tell you they didn't like it, you should recognize it and correct it.  Especially when that guest starts the dinner with a $95 bottle of wine.  Which was never refilled by the waitress the entire night and remained unchilled because she could not find the chiller. 
Finally, the dessert. We went with the buttermilk cup custard.  Again, this was one of those heavy handed dishes. First off, it was not a custard. You can dip your spoon into custard without cutting a gelatinous membrane.  Custard doesn't wiggle like jello. This was a firm panna cotta.  The flavor of the buttermilk was incredibly delicate, and was completely overwhelmed by everything else on the plate The gelee was incredibly sweet, the cranberries incredibly tart and the gingerbread croutons were Christmas spicy.  We had to remove all the components from the buttermilk "custard" to even taste the buttermilk. 
I think if Meauxbar would simply relabel their dishes, the customers wouldn't be disappointed by the produced dishes; what you put on the menu is what the customers expect. Additionally, edit your plates. Don't kill the main ingredients of you dish with sauces, gelees, and other components. They have to work together in harmony and not fight to be the star of the dish. 
If we lived in New Orleans, I would give it another try, but as we don't, we will probably go else where on our next trip.Enjoyed drumfish special , moules frites, pork belly and roasted Brussels sprouts! Service was friendly and the vibe is relaxed and cool. Steak was good but not great   Chocolate dessert with spicy finish was delishVery impressed with their small, but outstanding menu. We had the lobster waldorf to start and it was very tasty. Very interesting pairing and the dressing was delightfully tangy. We also had the hanger steak which was perfection and then the Duck Tian which was like a duck hamburger patty. It was very hearty. I really can't wait to go back and try more items on the menu and save room for dessert. Totally cute date night place.Five stars for the service. The food was good; however, there was just something missing from the flavors for me. Everything was well cooked and presented so well I just wish the overall flavor had a little bit of a punch to it. Service was excellent. Will definitely be back.This was my first time to the new Meauxbar for a celebratory dinner. The food was most excellent! We got a handful of appetizers. 
My favorite (hands down) was the Burrata! Perfect amount of crispness to the bread and perfect amount of cheese with the nuts. I'm a fan. We also got the French fries not knowing they came with many of the main courses, but wow they are tasty.
I had the fancy grilled cheese which is to die for. My parents raved about the steak and lamb and the muscles were on point. 
The waiter tried too hard. He hovered too long. I liked the people who brought out the food. 
The decor is tacky trendy like W hotel decor. 
Would I go back? Yes. The food is fantastic and they have a good tempo.This place was recommended by a local who shared a cab with us. Food was sooooo yummy. We were able to get a reservation after JazzFest (fluke?) and it was a nice escape from the crazy of the Fairgrounds and the Quarters. Would definitely recommend to anyone and will definitely make a reservation the moment I book my flight back to NOLA!!!After walking all the way to Lafayette Square for Wednesdays at the Square only to find that it was canceled (due to the rain, I assume), my friend suggested a dinner at Meauxbar. I had never been and neither had my out of town pals, who were obviously up for the adventure. It was quite a hike through the French Quarter to the restaurant located right across from Armstrong Park and the group had worked up an intense appetite. 
Inside, the restaurant had a swanky feel but not arrogant. We were greeted kindly and shown to our table, which we had reserved just about an hour prior. Just reading the menu made our mouths water, and then and there I decided I had to forgo the alcoholic beverages in order to justify ordering TWO large plates and a starter... We were taken care of by two servers, one of which took our drink order immediately, and the other who took our meal order. After about 15-20 minutes, a waiter dropped of some bread and butter--that's a long time to wait for carbs when you're starving. All was forgiven when we dove headfirst into the butter... The butter made my heart leap (due to clogged arteries, yes, but mostly because it was just so heavenly)!  The saltiness and the creaminess melted right into the fresh from the oven bread that was perfectly chewy. It took all of my strength to channel my etiquette skills and not scoop all that butter right into my mouth. After shameful thoughts about that butter for the next 15-20 minutes, we realized we hadn't gotten our starter, the Sweet Potato Gaufrettes. At exactly the same time, our waiter also realized (or had received our ESP transmissions), and checked on the order. He brought them back a few moments later. They were gone in seconds, either from being so magnificent or from our extreme hunger--definitely both. Very shortly after that, our meals were brought out. I had ordered the French Onion Grilled Cheese and the Scallops. Both were better than I imagined. The rest of the table had the Chicken Leg Confit and the Louisiana Gulf Fish Amandine. The chicken leg was not as exciting as the rest of the dishes, but I still caught my friend gnawing away at the bone after long after the meat was gone. The fish for the amandine was black drum. I had a taste of this dish, and I can honestly say I will go back just for that. Well, I will still probably order 3 of the large plates but skip the starter next time.
Really, this place should get a 4.5 star review for the foodless time we endured, but rounding down to a 4 star is would not be fair. I don't feel terrible about rounding up to a 5 star. The food was impeccable and affordable.This place is fantastic! From service to cocktails (best Bloody Mary I've ever had) to the meal to the coffee, everything was on point! Had the sweet potato hash with fried egg and added a side of sausage, which today happened to be boudin, and LEMME TELL YOU, It was extraordinary! Thanks Meaux, had a really awesome brunch!Small restaurant on the edge of the French Quarter. Very good food but pricey.The chicken liver paté appetizer was amazing. The cocktail I originally ordered was not available so the waitress brought me one but did not tell me what it was but said that if I didn't like it she would bring me another. I kind of would have liked to know what was in it. I had the steak and parmesian fries which was a little too salty and my friend had a fish filet fish that was a little too buttery.The menu changes seasonally. Don't try something and go back with your heart set on it (unless it's in the same season). It will likely be on the menu, but in another, equally wonderful representation. The daily Yaka mein is always amazing and is, true to form, the perfect hangover cure. So brothy and salty and full of delicious goodies (I've had scallops, steak, shrimp fritters, etc.). 
Tomas has been my server a majority of the time I've been here. He recognized me on subsequent visits and took good care of me and my party, despite that one time my guests were drunk and a little awful. Thanks, pal!
I tell everyone who comes to Nola that they need to stop here. As a person who lives here, it's sort of my duty to make my rounds and try all the wonderful places in the city... but I keep coming back to Meauxbar.Had dinner here last Thursday night at 6pm.  We had flown in earlier that afternoon and wanted to catch an early dinner at a neighborhood restaurant.  We went on the recommendation from our Airbnb host and what a gem it was.  When we Even though it was just the two of us, we started with the Escargot in Bone, the Louisiana Crab & Peach Salad and the Pork Belly with Scallops.  Great choices.  Nice flavors perfectly prepared.  Then for our entrees we had the Louisiana Gulf Fish (Drum) Amandine and the Braised Pork.  We share all the dishes and each and every one was fantastic, with nice sized portions.  I would highly recommend you get off the typical tourist track and head to Meauxbar.  Oh, on a non-food related note, the service was great and we even caught a celebrity... as Jessica Lang sat at the table behind ours.I take all my friends here. The food is amazing. Chef Kristen Essig is extremely creative and very friendly. You can see her moving around the restaurant making sure everything is top notch. She also often chats up the guests and makes sure everything is ok. It's refreshing compared to chefs that hide in the kitchen the entire time. If there are any specials you should try them out because Chef Essig comes up with some pretty neat stuff. My only critique of this place is that it's rather loud and something the service can be a bit slow, although the service is very fun and friendly.Hands down, some of the best food in the Quarter, and who am I kidding - anywhere in New Orleans.  Limited size but great menu and everything is cooked perfectly plus has great sauces and tons of flavor.  Pickled shrimp, whitefish dip, and other starters are great and I'd recommend just about anything on the main courses.  Gnocchi with Spiced Braised Lamb, wow!  Porterhouse Pork Chop, Steak Frites, Scallops, everything cooked perfectly and tasted amazing.  They've also got a great wine, beer, and cocktail program so everyone will be happy.
It's still a bit more of a locals place, the space can be a bit cramped and loud at times, and service can be a bit slow when busy but this is some of the best executed food in town.  Bravo!Went here for a date night with my husband. We really enjoyed it. Small and intimate. Service was great. Can't wait to eat here again. We started with the gnocchi and burrata apps. Wish we had ordered the larger portion of the gnocchi with fresh peas. Texture was spot on. I can't speak to trying my husband's lamb dish, but he liked it. The scallops are where it's at! Perfectly seared and seasoned. Get the scallops! Also had the sparkling wine cocktail and I'd recommend that also.Great place to come to that's not busy with the crazy Burbon street crowd. We just wanted cocktails & appetizers. 
I had a glass of wine, not the largest selection but was good. We shared the gnocchi (it was DELICIOUS!) and the French fries. 
We weren't dressed up- but we weren't dressed down. I had a dress on and my boyfriend had a collar shirt on but we felt I welcomed and underdressed (it was 4pm right when they opened). Another couple came in as we were leaving wearing a suite and a fancy dress so I'm not sure.......Great staff...friendly and knowledgeable. Extremely loud, difficult to hear. Very small bar area..10 stools each occupied, and a long wait to rest my weary bones. Pork belly and scallops was dry, and lacking well defined flavor. Very disappointing. Clams in exotic broth were excellent. Hit all the right notes. 
Nothing exceptional, time and effort goes into overall operation. The room needs upgrading in terms of acoustic control. Ambience is some sort of trendy, modern ...but not really matching the menu or style of the restaurant. 
A warmer more traditional and comfortable ambience would work well. I'll give them another try because the clams were so good I'm certain other items on the menu will stand out. Other restaurants would be wise to train their staff to function on this level... Its impressive.How did we miss this place? Been coming here couple times a year for years. Very close to our condo, walking distance.  While they crowd you in, it turned out to be an advantage, struck up a conversation with the next table. Actually traded contact info.  How fun? Had the hanger steak hunny had the special yakiman.. pork belly. Everything was excellent.  Will be back. Going to hit the leftovers now.I've been here twice and have only good things to say! I can't pick anything apart. The service is friendly and casual; the entire staff is laid back, cool and courteous. The atmosphere is a mash of edgy, bygone familiarity. I almost feel like I've stepped through a wormhole to the underground sixties. I'm not sure why, but, Meauxbar just feels like a place creative thinkers would mull over a drink. 
As for the food, Oh! How delicious! We've had the gulf fish Amandine, chicken, pork belly, duck fat popcorn (omg) and hanger steak. All were excellent! The food is perfectly prepared.
Meauxbar would be my daily haunt if only it were closer to my condo. Couldn't recommend a superior choice for casual fine dining.Loved it when it was the old owners. Used to be a nice neighborhood restaurant with great food. Now, the neighbors avoid it and the restaurant seems to only draw in people from elsewhere. Its always packed but I cannot understand why. I was underwhelmed by my appetizer and found my entree too salty to even eat half of. I have not been back since and reviews from others willing to give it a try indicate nothing has changed. Look elsewhere for a decent meal.Food is upscale but nothing you can't find at any of the other more expensive restaurants in the area. 
Most importantly to note here though: not sure if it was because we came in as a "walk in" or if because we were a small table of two- but we were spoken to maybe two times (to take our drink and food order, and to ask if we were all set which we weren't).I live in Austin and dine out frequently here and in other large cities.  I chose Meauxbar per Eater New Orleans' recommendation - unequivocally the best meal of our weekend. Pumpkin, potato gnocchi was divine and the "cheese sandwich" with steak and onions not only unique, but superb.  We also had the beef tartare and beets.  
The atmosphere is intimate, quiet and sophisticated without being stuffy.  Perfect for a date night or more quiet evening out.  There were a few large groups but not the right environment if you are looking for a place to host a loud, raucous crowd.  
You cannot go wrong here!Amazing off the tourist path restaurant with an incredible up and coming chef. Fantastic use of local in season ingredients and attention to detail.A great place to have a nice meal just outside of bourbon street.  Nice list of cocktails and a few nice beer selections.   If you get tired of Bourbon Street dining, this place is a great place to go.Had a wonderful experience here tonight. I was in NOLA for a conference and booked this place at the recommendation of a local friend and it was by far the best meal we had in Nola. 
It was 6 of us and the server managed us very well. He was awesome and gave us great recommendations. We ordered a bunch of small plates and I personally loved the beef tartar and the goat cheese. I think the best entre was the steak. Don't forget to try their hipster tea selection with your dessert! Can't tell you how much I loved the food, the ambience, and the staff. Will come back next time I am in town!Excellent meal! The Brussel sprouts are a must! Highly recommend this restaurant for a phenomenal French meal just blocks from Bourbon!Delicious and decadent food. Hats off to the chef! Fabulous and fun staff. Will definitely come back!We had other stuff, but I'm only going to talk about the duck salad. It was amazing! Everything tasted like duck: the kale, the cashew nuts, and of course the duck. The salad dressing was probably mostly duck oil, and there was a lot of duck. If you're on a diet or trying to be healthy, this is definitely not the salad for you. But if you love duck, you should definitely try this!Truly outstanding and wonderful small plates!  We had the bone marrow and escargots, the shrimp and the sweetbreads.  The large plates were just okay and they didn't come together.   The mussles were good, the chicken portion was way to small for a 'large plate' (and $23), and the grilled cheese took forever to come out... Like 25 minutes after the other food. They also sneeked breadcrumbs in where I wasn't expecting so be sure to ask if you have any gluten issues.  Service started off great and waitress was super nice until she got busy, then she disappeared completely and never checked on us and she didn't say a word when we had to flag her for the check.
Would I go back?  Absolutely to give it another try, particularly for those interesting starters.  They trumped the rest of the experience.Had a wonderful meal Sunday night (9/4).  Had the Roasted Scallops with shaved almonds and it was off the charts good.   Also had a great desert and I just love this place.  One of the best hidden secrets in the French Quarter.We had a total of 5 dishes which we shared.  The beef carpaccio was very good, the mushroom and escargot was great as well.  The beet salad was poorly balanced, don't recommend it.  Fish amandine was ok, while the fish was fresh, but rest of the ingredients did not elevate the dish.  The pork, garbanzo bean and eggplant was  the dish we liked the least.  Pork was subpar and did not match the pickled eggplant.  Garbanzo beans, just didn't belong.  That dish was sub par.  Overall great atmosphere, service.  Average food.  Would not return.This place is great! The food was delicious, the service was great, the cocktails are very creative. Great place to bring friends for a nice dinner when in New Orleans. This place has a female chef that is well known and loved by New Orleans. This place gets busy and it is very small so I would call before coming. I'm not sure if they take reservations but if they do I would suggest making them.The food is absolutely delicious.  Service was a bit pretentious and they seemed short staffed for brunch.  We ordered bottomless mimosas and the server just puts the barely chilled bottle on your table.  No ice bucket, no napkin underneath and it's just dropped like they could care less.  There was very little hospitality and it's a shame because the food is wonderful.  No management seen anywhere and you could feel the staff did not want to be working the brunch shift.We arrived very early for our reservation, so we spent some time enjoying classic cocktails at the bar. The bartenders were extremely friendly and easy to talk to. The dinner was also well worth the wait. The pork belly & crispy scallop appetizer was unbelievable, as was the escargot in bone. For dinner I had the braised pork with caramelized onions over cornbread puree. All was fantastic. The restaurant is very small, so make a reservation ahead of time.I loved this place ..very small and cozy...it was a bit too dark in there but that's ok. My friends and I ordered 6 entrees..my favorite was the foie gras, beet salad, scallops, and the beef tar tar! There is no waiting area if your early for your reservations.Decided we weren't up to this tonight because we weren't feeling fancy (aka I wanted to drink a lot then stumble back to our rental), but after wandering through the FQ and finding other options with a 90 minute wait, eventually we ended up back here and got the last couple seats at the bar.
The hanger steak with parmesan fries was beyond delicious, my husband loved his french onion grilled cheese (I thought it was ok, but it just wasn't what I was in the mood for, might have loved it myself on a different day).  We shared a peanut, honey & molasses feuilletine vanilla milk mousse for dessert which was...fun? for lack of a better word. The mousse had a lovely texture, and I'm glad I saved room for it.
The two bartenders working were friendly and attentive.  One of them made a great satsuma margarita for me when I asked them for some random fruity rum drink.  Ordinarily I hate sitting at the bar but this was great fun, and I enjoyed watching the bartenders make their lovely drinks for people.
The noise levels were great - it was full but I couldn't tell unless I looked up in the mirror that reflected all the full tables.  Two entrees, a dessert, and 4 mixed drinks were $95 after tax, which I find pretty reasonable for a nice dinner for two.I am so glad we went here. The grilled cheese with I believe is brisket with gruyere and sharp cheddar is a must! Absolutely amazing. The yak a mein soup was also delicious but on the sour side. Service was quick and great.Great place. We made a meal of many yummy appetizers, wines and desserts. Terrific service. The food and vibe made us think of a cross between The Mission (in SF) and the 10th A Canal- St Martin (Paris). Check this place out!NOLA has so much food to offer and we managed to try this place before leaving! We came here primarily for drinks and desserts which satisfied all our cravings. The restaurant is on the more expensive side so be expected to spend.
For appetizers, we started off with french fries, pork belly with hummus, sweetbreads, and chicken liver pate. All of them were very good and has its own unique taste. My favorite though was the sweet breads which the strawberry pepper jelly was to die for. In between our appetizers, we had drinks which I love my sparkling drink. It had strawberry, vodka, and basil for the ingredients and despite it being light, there was alcohol in it. The matcha rum drink was interesting and pretty. 
Onto desserts, we ordered all 4 of their options. All the desserts were delicious which my top two were the strawberry olive oil cake and banana clafoutis. I felt like the desserts' pricing was worth it as they were unique in taste and not something you can get anywhere else. 
Service was great that night and I had a wonderful time hanging out with my family here. I highly recommend you to check out this place if you are in the area!Great place off the main strip! Cool vibe, good service and very good food.  
Drinks
"Blue is the color of jazz"
Pimms #7.  
Pork belly $ crispy scallops. - very good.  4/5
Beef tartare -awesome!   5/5
Gulf fish- dry and overcooked 3/5I was really impressed by this place. Interior is small, but very cozy & romantic, and the menu items and specials were all inventive and delicious. The escargot appetizer was veryyy good and we ordered 2 other apps that were specials and I'm sad I won't be able to order them regularly (sunflower and onion bisque & beef cheeks with black eyed pea salad). Also got the scallops as my entree and it came with this awesome braised endive. Dessert was the "Peanut, Honey & Molasses Feuilletine" which was kind of like a gourmet peanut butter cup... I will definitely be making more trips here.I am so full right now. 
I'm in New Orleans on business and stopped here on a friend's recommendation. 
The dining room is small, but even full, doesn't feel crowded.  Kind of a classy-casual vibe. I was glad I wore a dress. 
The service is friendly and attentive. 
The duck liver pate w/ beet caviar was rich and creamy, served on two slices of toasted French bread. Very nice. 
The crab salad was so satisfying, w/ surprising bits of smoked goat cheese contrasting w/ the roasted pumpkin seeds. 
The mussels were plump and floating in a fennel broth I could have drunk by the cup. 
For dessert the semifreddo in basil sauce was light and sweet. A beautiful way to end a meal. 
Even their coffee was good. 
If I was in town longer, I'd be back for more.The cocktails and food were delicious. Great, attentive service in a beautiful setting. This was an easy walk from our hotel, about 20 minutes, and was well worth the walk. Everything was delicious; my favorite was the beef tartare. Definitely try a cocktail!The food was amazing!!! The atmosphere is very modern and chic. The service was superb and the bottles of wine were reasonably priced.Had a good experience here.
Ordered the Chicken Liver Pate which was spot on and taste exactly like how i expected it to taste.
Escargot - I thought was maybe overly marinated in WINE. Perhaps wine lovers would like this a lot but I think it had an overpowering wine taste to it that made me not love the dish.
Best thing was the Pork Chop Porterhouse! It was a giant pork chop as well as pulled pork on the bottom! This was absolutely one of my favorite dishes visiting NOLA!We stopped in for an after dinner drink and were extremely impressed with the Meaux bar. All staff were friendly and courteous, and made us feel right at home. Our bartender, Christopher, gave us more useful information about New Orleans than anyone we had met in the city. He also poured the best Sazerac I have had in New Orleans. Make the time to stop by.This place was surprising good. Came here with a group of 21 people for our friends 30th birthday brunch and we were split between 3 tables. 
Some standout foods were the buttermilk biscuits and preserves, the buttermilk donuts, and the beef grilled cheese. The crepes were ok, and the unlimited mimosa was a good value. Although the added mimosa tonics and such were confusing, not sure if it changed the flavor at all. We all left super stuffed and happy and ready for our next adventure in NOLA. 
We had to take a Uber here from our Hilton St Charles hotel which was centrally located, but it was a quick and cheap Uber ride. Service was great. Would recommend for small or big groups for brunch. We were the first party to arrive at 10:30am (I'm sure my friends had made reservations) but this place quickly filled up.Went in for brunch and was not impressed at all.  I got the Petit Déjeuner, which is a basic breakfast with eggs, bacon, grits, and a biscuit.  The grits, a Southern staple, had no flavor.  The portion of bacon was small, and there was more fat than meat on the strips.  This was definitely not representative of New Orleans cuisine, and I surely won't be returning.Another outstanding New Orleans experience. Staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. I have an onion allergy and the chef was able to crest a special preparation of one of their signature entrees (seared scallops) that was absolutely delicious and visually beautiful.Best fries ever. Had the hanger steak to go with it, which was great but the fries were the best I've ever had.  Very quaint place. Relatively quiet. Great service. Great food and cocktails.Oh my gosh - amazingly wonderful food!  Everything was fresh and delicious.  Service was fantastic.  Perfect meal for our last night in NOLA.Started out OK but went downhill. The apps were good, tart and pate.  Then the issues started:  waited 45 minutes for main courses.  The pasta was cold and lumped together with little flavor.  The steak was good but luke warm.  The fish was too hot to eat.  
After main courses were cleared ( pastas were not eaten and no questions were asked).  We were given desert menus and then ignored for 20 minutes.  At which point we asked for check and left. 
The place was full and our take was the kitchen was over whelmed.    We were all disappointed  and will not be back.  Too many other good places in town that have it together.This place was very cute and the menu looked amazing. Unfortunately we were not able to try the food. We got there at 1 pm, went to the bar why we waited for out table. Attempted to get a couple of drinks, but the bartender couldn't be bothered to get them. We got a table twenty minutes later, again ordered water and drinks from our waiter, waited another 10 minutes. Another waiter came and asked us our drink order, we ordered again. Waited a few minutes and still didn't have drinks. We ended up leaving. The staff did offer to buy us drinks as we left but at that point we were over it.Awesome place
Everything was great service and food
The escargot is amazing 
The atmosphere is nice and cozy
Will be back soon hopefullyFood is AWESOME!!!
We were huge Sainte Marie fans, so we were happy to come try the new Meauxbar.  Chef Kristen never fails to deliver!  Sweetbread was probably the best I've had, and the crab and quinoa salad was a huge surprise - delicious!  So glad gnocchi is still on the menu too. ;).  The pork belly and pickled watermelon was lovely, and the steak tartare was really clean.  The icing on the cake was a visit from the chef with a new dessert for us to try (which, by the way, was killer).  We will be back soon!This was the best meal I had in NOLA during this trip. I didn't make any photos as it was quite dark. We ordered beef tartare which was very subtle and seasoned not only with what traditionally goes into the beef tartare but also with tomato puree. The goat cheese tart on a bed of caramelized onion had a wonderful crunchy brittle base. Two huge slices of goat cheese lying on top - I could possibly eat two at once. For mains we ordered the hanger steak au poivre which was extra juicy and tender and came with a side of parmiggiano reggiano fries as well as chicken paillard (paillard basically means that it is a chicken breast beaten into flat halves and sautéed). The chicken was my favorite as it incorporated local seasonal ingredients such as fresh peach and tomato alongside (a non local;-) burrata.
Tip: it's a good place for a dinner date and also for celebrity spotting.I dined by myself, as I was on a business trip. Incredible experience from start to finish. Nice selection of seasonal cocktails. I enjoyed a couple of the Pimm's Cobblers, which are very refreshing and have only a seductive hint of alcohol which sneaks up on you. I ended up ordering three selections from the "Small Plates" section of the menu.  There was such an intriguing selection to choose from that it was hard to narrow down what I wanted. The Escargots and Marrow was so delicious with the meaty snails perfectly paired with the creaminess of the bone marrow. The Scallops and Pork Belly was incredible from both a visual and aromatic perspective, with the taste of each, complementing the other. The Louisiana Crab and Peaches Salad was very refreshing and was the perfect palate cleanser. The wait staff was very attentive and personable.  I look forward to my next visit!Farm to fresh and delicious. Lovely little spot.  Scallops where done to perfection & served with whipped parsnips. Redfish, catch of the day, covered in roasted almonds & green beans over rice.I came into this place on a whim and I am very happy I did. great food, great drinks solid service and a pleasant atmosphere. I will definitely return.....also the grilled sweetbreads were amazing.Simply put: the best meal I have ever had. I had two appetizers: Escargot in bone--sooo many escargot simply spilling out of the vertical bone, in a sauce that of vermouth, bone marrow, shallot and thyme butter, that you had to scoop up every last bite at the end. The piece de resistance was the Pork Belly and scallop: a combination of complementary flavors that created a symphony in my mouth.
I am not from New Orleans, though if I did, I'd move next door to Meauxbar. It's a pretty good reason to move here.
The people were also fantastic, from Brooke the bartender to Kristen Eggig the chef--I mean, magician.My overall impression as a happy hour spot: Eh..... The cocktail list includes about a half dozen options for $6. The two I tried weren't memorable (one was the Champagne Cocktail). What was really disappointing was the so-called happy hour food specials. They thought they were slick by placing low costs snacks on the HH menu. But upon closer look, I realized those same snacks are the exact same items on the regular, non-HH hour appetizer menu for the exact same price. I feel its dishonest to market those food items/prices as a special when there's nothing special about it. And lastly, though there were fifteen minutes of HH remaining when I placed my order, the bartender indicated HH had already ended. I had to clarify it was only 5:45 and then he acknowledged HH was still in effect. I won't even get into the pretentious nature of the place...I had never heard of Meauxbar and thought it was new but my friend who joined me for dinner explained it had been owned by these two queens but had transferred ownership recently. We had a 9:15 pm reservation and when I arrived the place was packed always a good sign...my buddy was running late from work so I explained the delay to the hostess who graciously and without attitude pushed me to 930 I sat at the bar and was quickly served a delicious cote du Rhone by an extremely handsome man who was flirty and fun the glass was just $8 bucks and was seriously delicious at 930 my friend arrived and we were quickly seated our waiter was perfection and my water glass never ran dry.i had the steak & fries the meat was quartered and served w a yummy Demi glaze w hot fries. I thought the steak tasted delicious and was cooked perfectly served quickly & just at the right temperature the fries were  thin & seasoned well I will be back many times!!!! GreatI don't understand the hype about this place. Weird layout makes guests wait right by the door to get a table, and the prix fixe brunch was fine, but not outstanding and the starter coffee cake was skimpy. Worse, though, service was quite bad. No spoon brought until I was almost done with the congee, no one ever refilled our water or coffee. Our table was also wobbly as heck and they didn't think to put a wedge or anything. It's just an ok place, nothing special, and a shame to waste a brunch in NOLA here when there are so many stellar options.Great date night! Adrienne was delightful and the food was exceptional. Fantastic selection and even better wine choicesGreat food and drinks, cool vibe.  The pork belly and shrimp was delish!  Bone marrow was a pleasant surprise.  The rhum cocktail was aromatic and tasty.Spot on. Food was beautiful, well executed and flavors were inspired. Our service was friendly and professional. The dining room felt good, but is noisy. The one complaint I had was the staffing. It was over staffed to the point of distraction(IMO busy staff make a place feel vibrant and alive, Meauxbar is too small for staff to be mulling around bored) and a disinterested hostess chewing gum felt very out of place. 
Overall, it is great to see that Meauxbar 2.0 will be a player in the food scene of New Orleans. Go Chef Kristen!This Meauxbar restaurant in the Quarter was over the top delicious.  The wait staff, head chef, bartenders were all very gracious and the food was delicious!  Five star shout out to the team that runs this spectacular hot spot...Cute place :) My favorite thing was the escargot, it was some of the best I've had! I also really enjoyed the Barrata. Don't order the Brussel sprouts if you prefer smaller, crispier Brussel sprouts. I wish I would've tried one of the cocktails, will have to go back again for that :)I made reservations for the wrong night, but they were able to seat us at the bar. The entire staff--everyone we dealt with--was really friendly, really pleasant. They acted like it was their restaurant--they really cared. Our server at the bar was excellent and made some good recommendations. The food was great. The gulf fish almondine was THE BEST MEAL I've had in a very long time. Every single bite was a celebration.  My date's scallops were great, as was the appetizer and the dessert. 
We will be back.A 100 A+ from me. Wow. I was NOT expecting it to be this good. 
First of all, the space is very beautiful, but very, very small. The renovation is amazing, and the bar is beautiful. It can get pretty loud in here, although there were two rather loud, rambunctious parties in there that night, so maybe it was just that. Definitely make reservations due to the size. The wait staff is amazing. They're really dedicated to the food there. So let's get on to that.
We didn't try any of the large plates really - we were more interested in the small plates. I was so, so blown away. I think the menu changes really often, because recent reviews mention dishes that were not on the menu when we dined. 
The goat cheese tart is fabulous. It's more of like a puff pastry with olive and onion tapenade, with a nice big patty of the most delicious goat cheese on top. I could eat six of those tarts. 
The crispy scallops and pork belly were SO DIVINE. The scallops are shaved and deep fried with breading. The sweet, salty dish works perfectly. They also give you about three or four servings. 
We also did the moules frites, which were out of this world! so delicious. I could drink that sauce. 
The escargot in the bone were good. Probably my lowest ranking dish, I'd give that one 4 stars. That should speak of how perfect the meal was. 
THE OYSTER PAN ROAST WAS THE BEST THING I'VE EVER HAD. I am sitting here salivating just thinking about it. It's creamy and light and clean and yummy and perfectly cooked. 
They serve French Truck coffee (the best in the city - by far), but they only have Americanos. The desserts were amazing - the creme brûlée was very creamy, not very custardy but soooo good. Also, the chocolate semifreddo - AMAZING. So, so amazing. 
I need to go back. Now.As another recommendation, this was a great respite from Bourbon Street. I can't say enough about our dishes we ordered, including the albino mule, a great take on he Moscow Mule that takes away the bite and replaces it with a great smoothness courtesy of the limoncello.
The seared scallops and pork belly was simply phenomenal. The scallops were cooked to perfection, warm and melting in your mouth with the pork adding a great salty flavor.
The cheese plate consisted of a bleu cheese that was nice with a kick ass bite to it.
And then the entree, a fantastic crab gnocchi that was worth the wait. 
For desert, we ordered the peanut molasses fueillitine which capped off the meal with my date. 
Our server Evan was great! And the bill was far less than we were expecting. 
Totally recommend Meauxbar with three thumbs up, 6 stars and every recommendation I can say.Friendly staff, amazing food, classy atmosphere. Do yourself a favor and bring anyone there you want to wow. Out of the way, by which I mean not in the FQ gauntlet of restaurants filled with loud drunk tourists. Everything I've tried is wonderful, and they're also very accommodating to vegetarian & vegan guests!My experience here was fantastic!  My husband and I recently went here (June 2016), for our anniversary dinner after already eating at several other outstanding restaurants in NOLA.  To put this place in perspective we ate at Rebirth (awesome!), Emeril's, Revolution, Commander's Palace, Compere Lapin and Toupe's Meatery.  Needless to say we ate exceptionally well on this trip.  
I found Meauxbar based on other reviews and really liking their menu, which is French inspired and designed with smaller portions, so you can try (and share if so inclined) several small plates and entrees.  It's just a small place inside with only 12 or so tables, but we were seated quickly and greeted promptly.  We both had different cocktails to begin and they were wonderful.  We proceeded to split the special salad which had a combination of watermelon, watermelon radishes, crab, basil olive oil and a few other ingredients and it was outstanding.  My husband would never pick this sort of salad but loved it as well.  We then split the beef tartare which was excellent and slightly spicy, perhaps slightly more than my husband would have liked because he's not into anything over medium heat.  I, on the other hand, thought it was perfectly spicy for flavor, but not the eye-watering, runny nose kind of spicy.  I have to add that we also ordered a bottle of wine, and were unsure what to get (despite quite a bit of wine knowledge) since my husband ordered the fish and I ordered the lamb loin.  Our waiter recommended a wonderful Spanish red that he swore would go with all our courses, and he was right on.  Very pleasantly surprised by this.  For our entrees my husband had the fish amandine, which I hate to say we both liked a little more than my lamb loin, even though we both love lamb (and it was still excellent).  The combination of flavors and textures their chef has designed in every course made the meal an experience.  You have to truly get all the parts of each course in a bite to really appreciate the complexity of all of it.  
Lastly we debated dessert and the waiter recommended the chocolate cake without hesitation but my husband loves creme brulee and mentioned that as well.  We settled on the cake because we had red wine left.  Nevertheless, we had told them it was our anniversary, and they brought us out both desserts and 2 glasses of champagne.  This was a very nice and unexpected touch.  Both desserts were divine.  My husband said it was the best creme brulee he'd had in at least 5 years.  Rich, silky texture that just melted with perfect caramelization.  Both desserts were small, contained portions to give you just enough without overdoing it.
Finally, a few last notes.  Our service was great.  The manager (or owner, proprietor, unclear exactly), Marcus, as well as the waitstaff made sure that plates were cleared promptly, water glasses full, wine poured, etc.  This can make all the difference in the experience.  Courses were well timed and we never felt rushed.  Our whole meal took about 2 hours, which we like and appreciated.  Marcus also made a wonderful recommendation to us about what to do after leaving Meauxbar, which was to check out Bacchanal, for wine and music outside on a patio.  It was a wonderful suggestion and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves there as well.  He went out of his way to chat with us and make the experience special.  I will not hesitate to return here again, and have already told several friends about this place.  Marcus and staff, keep up the great work!  I'm so glad we ended our trip at your restaurant.After my earlier disaster of a meal, it was really nice to have a delicious hazelnut and chocolate dessert with a couple of glasses of amontillado.  I was a bit spooked to be heading up to Rampart, but the area has definitely come up in the past few years.  The bar restaurant is cute and Chef Kristen was quite sociable.  Now I need to come back for a meal the next time I'm in New Orleans.Meauxbar is a MUST!  This place is great, just like a little Paris cafe but with huge taste and flavor.  I have been twice and enjoyed my meals immensely both times.  Classic French fare that will not disappoint. 
    The food is fabulous, the service is great and the vibe is laid back yet chic. It's a wonderful place to start your evening out in the Quarter. Centrally located, it's very easy to get to no matter what end of the Quarter you are on.  It's also just a few blocks down from Lafitte's blacksmith shop, so heading out to some after dinner fun is just steps away. 
   The French Quarter is such a beautiful place and restaurants like this help keep it that way. I'll be back again soon!Super tasty spot for dinner or a light bite. We demolished the crispy chickpeas, mussels, Brussels sprouts, tomato crudité, fries, and gnocchi. The chickpeas were a fun bar-snack type option. The mussels were done in a light fennel broth, incredible!  The Brussels sprouts were very tasty, the tomatoes were served with a lemon yoghurt; a delicious combination.  The gnocchi were light and flavorful with a delicious carrot sauce and English peas. The fries, we could have eaten the fries all night!  The wine was tasty and the desserts were inspired. In particular, the mint mouse. Don't question it, just try it!  A definitely solid choice for a meal!Great food (PBLT will blow your mind), great atmosphere, great energy, great service (thanks Marcus!!). I messed up my reservation for brunch and the hostess was super nice about it. Couldn't ask for more.Really good food. We are vegetarian so we ate a supplement to the main menu. Marcus our server was awesome.The food was delicious. No doubt about that. The service was worse than a french restaurant. 
First the food. I went with a group of four. We share plates wherever we go. We started with the gnocchi, pork belly, paté, and steak tartare. The portions were typical french size which was honestly good. The food was so rich and delicious it whet your palatte making you want more, but not spoiling you on the dish. 
The main course we shared yak-a-mein and x2 "chef sample"s for the table. Again. Delicious food, portions were just the right size to enjoy but not over stimulate. 
For dessert, we had espressos with the strawberry Napoleon and the sweet mint mousse (they were out of the creme brulee). The Napoleon was sweet and fresh but I personally stuck to the mousse. It was a wonderful balance of mint, floral, cool, and crisp that you could only experience if you have equal parts of the dish on the spoon. A challenge and a pleasure when you were able to achieve it. 
The real issue was the service. We had a reservation and they were able to seat us quickly. Drink service was great with a bar. At first, our waiter was attentive to our needs, but as the dinner crowd came in, we quickly fell from his purview. He would visit other tables multiple times (coming and going with empty hands each trip), and we'd have to get his attention, almost in a rude manner. And it's not like we were in a secluded place. We were a center table in the restaurant. We never received bread and we had to ask for additional toast for our sharing options. The espresso was watery and we never received sugar with it. The dessert took so long to receive that he actually removed it from the bill (which was very nice of him). 
This place has delicious french staples and some innovative options if you have the time and patience to wait for the staff.Decent, but probably many better choices out there. Pork belly scallops were very good, but Brussels sprouts were undercooked - hard, bitter and really below average. Chefs tasting choice with fish spread and pate were meh and accompanying relishes confusing and muddled. Sweet bread plate ok. Goat cheese was excellent, as was peach(?) jam but overall I would try other places in New Orleans. Started out 4 stars but after reviewing, gotta be honest.In NOLA for Jazz Fest looking for artisanal cocktails. Found new and classic cocktails and so much more. My Corpse Reviver II was awesome. But the food was perfect from a Crab Burrata, Steak Frites and  La Gulf Fish Amandine to a perfect dessert crepe with peach and ricotta. What a great find less than a half mile from our Airbnb. The place is small so I recommend reservations.Great Food, scallops and fish we're fantastic! Waitress Emily was the best   The chocolate torte and olive oil cake were great!  Dining in the Quarter without the insanity!Brunch was smashingly fun - hilarious however that my small crew of bachelorette girlfriends were a group of about 4 bachelorette groups there that day... perhaps it was the 2 hour unlimited mimosas for $22 deal?   Likely.  The food was delicous.. we all got different items from standard breakfast, to the yak-a-mein (ramen) bowl, a sandwich and my chicken and dumplings - all were outstanding....  totally worth it.  I did an Opentable reservation - awesome place for brunch!Awesome place
Everything was great service and food
The escargot is amazing 
The atmosphere is nice and cozy
Will be back soon hopefullyExcellent and innovative cuisine in a very comfortable ambient. You can start (and end) your dinner with passionately made craft cocktails. Make sure to try the pecan old fashion.*I tapped this out a few weeks ago on my iPhone, so things may have changed. But not much considering the recent review in Gambit. And I still do not ever plan to return.*
We LOVED the old Meauxbar and considered it to be the best restaurant in New Orleans. It was beautiful, had carefully prepared delicious food, great staff. It was rock solid. We were sad when it closed and curious when it reopened. 
We went in last night and right off the bat were disappointed that the decor has changed so dramatically from the comfortable, brightly lit, relaxed atmosphere. It is now dark, loud, and crowded. 
Our waiter was not friendly or welcoming and was very slow to serve our first bottle of wine which he sloshed heavily between our four glasses, emptying the entire bottle. This continued with each subsequent bottle. Also, he pointed out that his name was written on the menus he handed us, except that one menu had a different server's name. It was weird and akin to him wearing a nametag.
One of the stand-outs at the old Meauxbar was steak tartare in which the quality beef was carefully sculpted and garnished simply with capers, onion and quail egg. I was eager to try the attempt by the new kitchen crew, though hesitated when I read the menu description. Another in our party ordered it so I tried it. I have no idea what the chef was thinking but the "cacao" was barely noticeable as a flavor but turned the smear of ground beef into a brown slurry (though the color was hard to discern in the dim room). The "bacon aioli" was not apparent. Maybe it was stirred into to beef as well? The meat (which I think was just packaged ground beef, I've never been concerned by "raw and undercooked meat/shellfish warnings but in this case I felt my stomach turning) arrived hidden under a soggy mess of greens. And the crostini spread out from this mass in a phallic stack. Indeed all of the small plates we ordered arrived and were barely distinguishable from one another because each had a soggy pile if greens on top. The salad we ordered was just another soggy, and flavorless pile, spiked through with blackberries which are terrible in salad because of the volume of sharp little seeds. Worst salad I've had. The goat cheese tart and chicken liver mouse were tolerable once the garnish was shoved aside but they were essentially flavorless and unremarkable. 
We split two entrees also; mussels and lamb loin. The mussels were flavorless. We had at least one that hadn't opened, showing it was dead before it was cooked. Mussels at SLICE (a pizza chain of all places) are vastly superior. The lamb was fine but nothing to recommend to anyone.
I have a reputation for scraping my plate clean at restaurants and then turning to everyone else's but here, food actually went back to the kitchen. 
I hope this was a fluke, or that it's at least still early enough in the game for the new owner/chef to switch up their act, stop overreaching and just make excellent simple food. Though of you want to continue to cater to vacationing retirees and ball-cap wearing apparent floridians seeking the blandest possible adventure, then by all means; keep it up.Cool little place with a neighborhood feel  and really good food. Very nice ambiance - cozy & comfortable. Bartender & waitstaff were pleasant. We had the spiced bourbon pecans, French onion grilled cheese and a fish entree. All were good but the mussels & frites were especially deelish. It did take forever to get our food from the time we ordered. Hope it was an off night for that and not the norm.  Lots of choices in NOLA, would definitely recommend Meauxbar.Loved the atmosphere.  The drinks are top notch.  the food was imaginative and delicious.  The service was top notch.  A great time and a fair price.  Will definitely return.First place where EVERYTHING was amazing. Just back from Nola and we are still talking about it. Our table had the scallops, grilled cheese, hanger steak and braised pork, everything was so delicious! Cannot recommend this place enough.  Go! Eat! Enjoy!Um, 
 I know this place is highly rated, but we had a rather bad experience going there for brunch. They said it was the chef's last day, and with the rain and all, people got stacked up waiting, however we waited 2.5 hours, and people were being seated ahead of us. We were being the nice people, but seeing table after table who came in after us being seated. In addition, they were simply not moving tables along, so tables were staying for hours and just hanging out while there were over 20 people waiting at the bar to sit. By the time we did eventually get seated, my very nice friend who introduced us to the place was almost passing out from low blood sugar. It was a prix fix brunch so not very many options, but they told us everything had to have crabmeat instead since they ran out of everything, and we kept seeing other tables being served lavish other options. The food that did come out to us were paltry portions of what can best be described at as appetizers. They were ok, but it was hard to not feel almost insulted by how we were treated and the food experience being underwhelming, seemingly downright cheap. We had to go elsewhere to get enough actual food to call it a brunch, a seafood place in the quarter with portions that were actually realistic. We're not used to massive portions either, this was just bizarre, like 2 courses of tapas for 40 dollars a head and a massive and not necessary wait. I'm not going to be in any hurry back and not sure I understand after the experience why it's even looked at as good. It was a surreal experience at best, almost communist era type of behavior. I don't usually write such scathing reviews, but it was a really bad time for all of us. It clearly looked like a very stylish hangout, but not much in the way of a well run restaurant.This place was incredible.  I would have never found it without yelp and it's a little off the beaten path from the rest of the French Quarter.  We had the bone marrow escargot and the steak tartare to start, get both... They are that good!  The entrees were delicious but the dessert was the best.  We got the dacquoise and it was the most incredible thing I ate in New Orleans!  The service was great, they even gave us free champagne since we were celebrating our anniversary.Food is probably 4 stars at BEST, but experience was ruined by overly pretentious hipster waitstaff.  Overpriced for the overall experience.  Will not come back.This restaurant is one of the best in New Orleans, I am stunt by the quality of food and service it offers, I would recommend it for any person looking to get the best fine dinning experience.It's been awhile since I dined at Meauxbar in NOLA (my first & only time there).  Finally yelping about it!  It was wonderful.  A small, intimate, chic restaurant.  And the food matched the expectation.  It's by the river, a short walk from the Quarter.  On the flip side, wanted to dine at an established, well known restaurant and went to Broussards.  Mistake!  Waiter clearly didn't want to be there, food was terrible (overcooked, close to rancid scallops, anyone?)  What a bummer! What a striking example of doing something right and doing something really poorly (the new kids on the block definitely won my vote).  Highly recommend Meauxbar, but avoid Broussard.Insanely good white fish almondine, buttery and crunchy just as it should be. 
The wines by the glass were not too great, I tried both happy hour choices and they were quite low quality. I'd recommend sticking to the list here, and I'll note that the after dinner dessert wine was great.
Very slick scene and gorgeous ambiance. I'd get here before the construction is done out front. Once there's a streetcar line right here, this place will be the hottest ticket. As it's just a quick 10m walk from the heart of the French Quarter.A friend recommended this restaurant and I was not disappointed.  I had the sweatbreads and my friend had the gnocchi.  Both were wonderful.  Casual and pleasant.  Staff is friendly and efficient.  I come to New  Orleans every other year and stay at the French quarter hotel and suites on n.  Rampart.  This restaurant in just across the street.  It's a bit pricey but good for a change of place.Super courteous staff, really nice atmosphere, and the food was amazing, I had the steak and it was worthy of the 5 stars itself, my son had the gnocchi and it was just as good, the drink was delicious, it was very busy and we were kind of smashed in there, but it was 100% worth it, I will definitely be going back.Excellent recommendation from our air bnb hostess .... appetizers exquisite. Wine sublime. Entrees: catch of the day almondine and yak a mein. Both excellent. Highly recommend this restaurant. Service wonderful.The new Meauxbar is an amazing culinary experience - from service to food.  I agree with the "Mission-Driven" review below - every member of the staff has an obvious passion for the experience of the clientele, and this clearly flows from Chef Kristen Essig.  It's a normal sight to see Chef serving diners herself.  And if you hang out late enough each evening, you'll see an even rarer occurrence - the chef thanking every member of the staff for a job well done as they leave.  If you want to experience a true, FQ neighborhood gem then venture to Meauxbar -- You won't be sorry. But DO expect me to glare at you if you're in my regular barstool ;)I love the simplicity of this place and their amazing light fixtures. The staffs were friendly. 
Foie gras (5/5) 
Scallops (4.5/5)
Beef tartar (5/5) - One of the best beef tartar. 
Lamb shanks (3.5/5) 
Beets salads (4/5)
Potato (3.5/5)Had dinner at Meauxbar Bistro on February 15, 2019 at 8 PM. Arrived at restaurant and we were seated immediately. We had heard great things about Meauxbar from friends who lived in New Orleans. Started off with a cocktail - we both choose the bourbon cocktail which is similar to a Manhattan. It was fantastic. We started with some appetizers, including a salad, steak tartare, chicken pate and pork belly.  The salad... Well it was a salad but everything else was fantastic. I was especially impressed by the steak tartare - So good. The ambience was nice and intimate - perfect for a date night.  Fantastic place and can't wait to come back to New Orleans to come here again.Awesome place. Great food, drinks, dessert, service and atmosphere. Highly recommend, chef makes everything fresh so especially great for those with gluten, dairy or other food allergies.One of the best meals I've had in a long time! OBSESSED with our waiter too by the way, he gave great recommendations and was extremely cautious about my nut allergy. We tried the tots, which were great and I had the duck tian for dinner - sooooo good! My friend had the hanger steak and fries, I think I ate half of his fries hahah so yummy!
We couldn't leave without trying the dessert...we got the Peanut, Honey & Molasses Feuilletine - literally a nutterbutter dessert. So good.
This place was the highlight of my NOLA trip. HIGHLY recommendReally great food.  Epic tartare.  Whatever you do though, do not order the weak and nasty Americano coffee.   Had three different servers throughout the early evening, 6 to 7 PM, which made the service super bizarre. With a little work, I could give this place five stars.This place was fabulous.  While it's close to Armstrong Park and you feel like you might be wandering into a not so good section of town.. this place is a gem!  The interior is really nice and seating at the bar is fun and tables are very comfortable.  We started with the burrata and crab appetizer with cornbread crouton.  It was outstanding.  We also had a lamb and ricotta appetizer that was a special and it was delicious.  The Diver Sea Scallops were heavenly.  Just amazing.  Finished with a Strawberry Olive Oil cake with Basil Chantilly. The service was excellent and the drinks were great as well.  It's a little pricey but everything in NOLA has gone up in price.  In this case, you get what you pay for...which was the best meal I had in NOLA.  More of a locals place and not too touristy, which it what we like. Needless to say..I am hard to impress but this was impressive!We had an enjoyable meal here for Valentine's Day. The food and service were very good. We started with the mussels, and I was literally drinking the jus because it was that good. Our main dishes were delicious as well. While we had a great experience, it was a bit pretentious for our taste. Serving just one thin slice of bread with a big tub of butter and separate butter knives seemed a bit silly. However, the attention to detail was obvious, and we got great tips about New Orleans.This is hip little restaurant/bar, right outside of the French Quarter with inventive, locally sourced ingredients and excellent drinks. My husband and I shared a couple of apps and really enjoyed ourselves. The ambiance is quite romantic with dim light fixtures and modern architectural elements. We shared the roasted bone marrow and a special salad that was available that day using blue crab, bitter greens, croutons, and a deliciously tart vinaigrette, that tied everything together perfectly. We loved both dishes as well as the servers really taking their time with the recommendations and explaining the featured dishes. The prices are a bit steep for NOLA but the ingredients are very fresh and I did appreciate the quality of each one.A friend recommended this place! You will not be disappointment. We ordered the pork belly & deviled eggs as appetizers and It was AMAZING! We also did bottomless mimosas (not bad priced!) and It came with fun different mixes to add!! The gnocchi, chicken & waffles, and grilled cheese were the best!! Highly recommend the grilled cheese! It is not your typical "grilled cheese" btw! The place was relaxing, clean, & beautiful! For sure will be back!We came in early on a Friday night, 6pm, which gave us more attention from the staff and even the chef!  We chatted with our waiter and shared we were locals down the street for the last two years but had never gone in.  He was friendly and gave us lots of advice on the menu. 
The chicken dish I had was delicious.  The gulf fish I tasted was missing some flavor, maybe lime or basil?  The appetizers we delicious as well, beef tartar and peach salad.  
Overall we enjoyed it.  As a local I wish they had some happy hour specials to stir up some traffic earlier but I can see the place is small and could get very loud possibly. 
I am giving it 4 stars and not 5 because I think a few elements were missing that I would have enjoyed like: better bread, main dish fish flavor as mentioned, lower prices on smaller dishes so you can try more and increase main dish prices.
The service and hospitality were a 5 though.Took my lady-friend here for her birthday and it was pretty good. While I've had better food at other places, I will be back because some of the items we had were pretty good and other we didn't have sounded really good. 
Service is on point- FOH gets 5 stars, easy.Had a lovely post-Saints game meal here-fantastic service and an interesting and entertaining menu. Loved the look inside, too.Awesome place to go. Little upper scale than the rest of the restaurants. We had a corner table fabulous since we were 7 people. The resturant accommodated us so great. 
Our Waiter was adorable he was so awesome didn't rush us and so sweet he explained every dish to us if we asked. The spices were so great not over powering. So delicious .
I had the scallops and the beet salad o m g so awesome. If your in New orleans I do recommend this resturant a Must to go if you can. I loved itMy wife and I arrived at Meauxbar on 10/24/2016 on time for our 5:30pm reservation.  We were seated promptly.  Then, a young man with brown hair and a brown beard introduced himself as our server.  He began to tell us in detail about dishes we inquired about and this was well received by us as we were looking to enjoy a dining experience.  We then ordered Arnold Palmers with sweet tea while turning down water.  We then had to wait approx. fifteen minutes for them.  When they finally arrived, they were, in a word: terrible.  Though this establishment was not at all crowded, I was unable to garner the attention of our server who, after making strong eye contact with me and seeing me beckon me, blatantly ignored us.  When he finally did arrive at our table we ordered a bottle of sparkling water because our original drinks were so bad.  And, we placed our order as well.
     I began my meal with the escargot with shiitakes, and brandy cream.  The escargot were interesting, not good, interesting.  The brandy cream they were served in tasted like thin Campbell's cream of mushroom.  No brandy.  Not good.  
     As a side, I ordered the Roasted Bone Marrow.  This was somewhat tasty, though not great.  BTW, we were rarely checked on by our server while we waited.  And waited
     For my entrée, I ordered the  Smoked Duck with smothered okra, cornmeal waffle.  After a considerable amount of time the smoked duck came out burned and dry.  I was so disappointed with the duck that I did not try the okra but the cornmeal waffle was toasted to a very dark brown color and was hard as a rock.  Very disappointing.  I sent it back with my appetite ruined.
     My wife ordered the Seared Scallops with butternut gratin, turnips, and bacon vinaigrette along with a side of grilled okra.  This dish was not bad.  Not close to very good, or great, just not bad.  Through all of this we are waiting and waiting in an almost empty restaurant.
     After a while, someone, I presume the manager came over and served us a delicious piece of cake as a nice gesture while mentioning that the cake "cannot make up for the overcooked duck and waffle."  Though a nice gesture with a delicious piece of dessert, too little too late.  As my wife and I were sharing the cake, our server came over, surveyed the table, and asked, "So everything's ok here?" or words to that effect.  I had to tell him to bring us some water as, and he as an experienced server could plainly see, we had nothing on the table to drink as we were eating cake.  All glasses were empty and, since he had been serving us water, when he did come around, he should have at least brought us water without being prompted.
     This was a true dining experience.  A very disappointing one.  Terrible service, terrible server attitude, great ambiance, the food is not worth the walk through the door.
     To close this out, though everything from the start was a let down, I left our server a generous tip just so I would write this review objectively.A really nice place with a good atmosphere. Not too big, but a great feel. Great service and in a cute, gay friendly area. Nice to walk to, and cozy. The food is good and well prepared. Be sure to talk to your servers about what's good. Recommended by the Ritz-Carlton concierge (while it's still a luxury brand the hotel, I mean) the restaurant is wonderful! Unfortunately our server had to leave before we did, so she was unable to receive personal, effusive praise. Highly recommended!New American cuisine that was better than expected. Great live music and located out of the hub of tourists. Our waiter was incredibly kind and my seafood pasta was fantastic! Was busy we did not have to wait long on a weekday night.Worst service I've had in a restaurant in a very long time. The bartender never came back to ask how the food was or if I would like to order anything else. The manager Marcus (spell check) even recognized me from a previous trip and was very polite. I expressed my disappointment twice during my meal. He promptly refilled my empty water glass. Food was good but not great. The female brunette bartender was the absolute worst. I wouldn't go back even for a free meal.Absolutely mind blowing food and service! My boyfriend and I came in on a whim, didn't have reservations so we sat at the bar. The bartender was super helpful and attentive the entire night! We started with the charcuterie board which had so many delicious items all made in house. Then I had the mussels and fries which were delicious! My boyfriend had the hangar and fries which he could not stop raving about! We are super picky and tend to have to reseason our food but that was definitely not the case! It was divine!Had a really nice evening at Meauxbar. It's small and tastefully set up for a lot of people. 
I had escargots. Delicious. The menu is well done. Kudos to the bartender. He did a nice Vodka martini up w/twist. 
Don't be overly cautious with the neighborhood. We walked over from Marigny. And then walked home to the FQ. Better than finding a parking spot!I went to Meauxbar with a bunch of friends, and we had a great dining experience.  Given that there were 5 of us (and no similar orders), we ordered a lot of different menu items, shared them among the group, and they were all delicious. Escargot in Bone, Pork Belly & Scallop, Pork Gnocchi, Gulf Fish, Tart au Chocolat (to name a few) were all excellent!  Good mixed drinks and wine selection too.  And our waiter (I think his name was Chris?) was great.We went to Meauxbar and had the pleasure of meeting and spending some time with Chef Kristen Essig, she is a great person and an extremely talented chef. She definitely puts her heart into her cooking and it shows. The staff at Meauxbar is great and they work very hard to make everyone feel special which adds to the experience. Chef started us off with some appetizers including some chanterelles and goat cheese bruschetta which was just awesome and some crab and quinoa salad which was quite good as well. Once of the best things she sent out was the spaetzle which was so good and I would recommend someone in your party ordering that while there. For entrees I went with the lamb loin which was cooked to perfection (medium rare) with kale and a confit tomato, everything worked well together and it was very good. For dessert we did a sampler and the stand out for the night was definitely the sweetened goat cheese dessert, totally unexpected but totally great, again another must order. All in all a fantastic dinner with a great chef, I am excited to see what Chef Essig comes up with next and will definitely stop by the next time we are in town.Went last night for a friend's birthday - party of 7 total. Our waitress was non-existent, which we found unusual considering the restaurant is not big. She insisted we give our entire order at once - which she managed to time terribly as 3 small plates came out first, the other two came out with the dinner, and she completely forgot about two. On top of that, we waited for over an hour after our reservation time. She was clearly more interested in the table next to us whom it looked like she knew. The food was mediocre for the price. Would not say it was worth it. Some of the food was over cooked/tough - after they claim they cook to what the chef thinks it should be. No one even acknowledged their mistakes or was even remotely apologetic. We have all worked in the service industry and know how things go, always understanding, but we expect the same in return.
Overall, very disappointing. Really wanted to like this place - but will definitely not recommend to anyone. HUGE waste of money and time.This eclectic gem is absolutely a do not miss when you are in New Orleans. The Yakamein was extraordinary. The pork belly was sublime. The kale salad was delicious but HUGE! Most of all, the service was perfect. Melissa, the host was an absolute angel.The most attentive staff that I've come across in a long time. The food is delicious and fresh. We sat at the bar and our bartender was very informative of all cocktails on the menu. The shrimp salad and the goat cheese tart were the bees knees.I dined by myself, as I was on a business trip. Incredible experience from start to finish. Nice selection of seasonal cocktails. I enjoyed a couple of the Pimm's Cobblers, which are very refreshing and have only a seductive hint of alcohol which sneaks up on you. I ended up ordering three selections from the "Small Plates" section of the menu.  There was such an intriguing selection to choose from that it was hard to narrow down what I wanted. The Escargots and Marrow was so delicious with the meaty snails perfectly paired with the creaminess of the bone marrow. The Scallops and Pork Belly was incredible from both a visual and aromatic perspective, with the taste of each, complementing the other. The Louisiana Crab and Peaches Salad was very refreshing and was the perfect palate cleanser. I look forward to my next visit!This was our second try, after the change in ownership last year and we were hoping for the best.  Unfortunately, it just didn't happen.  The service was ok - not great, but ok (there were a few large parties on a Saturday night, so maybe they were overwhelmed).  We asked that the really unsuitable hard rock "dinner" music be turned down, because it was so loud (also partially due to the large parties), and it wasn't.  The fish was overcooked, which is the worst thing that can happen to good, fresh fish.  Won't be back - too many other good choices.Well we just go back from what I would say the dinner we had tonight was one of our few really disappointing meals in the French Quarter.  Meauxbar presents a trendy presentation to a so so meal delivered by amateur service.  On the good side, the menu is creative but in some ways limited which I'll explain in a minute.  I ordered the escargot with bone marrow and the Waldorf salad with Crab - both small plates.  The bone marrow added richness to the escargot but the flavor was a bit lost though overall I enjoyed the dish.  The Waldorf salad with crab was mostly a crab salad - not bad.  The crab was fresh but I the key elements such as grapes and walnuts of a Waldorf salad did not come out if they were in the chop.  When you call something a Waldorf it shouldn't look like a crab salad sandwich, hold the bread.     I also had the sweet potato with marrow as a small bites dish.  Small flavor as well.  The bone marrow just did not add much other than fat.
As far as service goes I suggest the management spends some time in a quality restaurant they are trying to emulate and compare the hoedown service at least some of their wait staff present.  Unfortunately the experience started badly with hostess getting upset with our table responding too slowly to her request of bottled water, tap water or sparkling water.  When we finally decided a minute later we wanted tap water with lemon she huffed of f saying "tap water then".  Of course she returned without the lemon.  Our waitress, on the other hand, was much friendlier.  On the other hand, she really did not know the menu that well and service was a little too casual.  For example, our table ordered a number of small plates but small refers only to the serving size, not the size of the plate itself.  She asked if we would like them served all at once.  Well, a warning that our small table would soon be overflowing with dishes would have been good.  For the price, I expect my server to provide some guidance.  
Finally, the décor is cheap, tables are crowded and the acoustics annoying.  In addition, the chef should consider adding some light fare with what is really a very heavy menu.    Not my cup of tea but the restaurant does have its followers so if you decide to go, make reservations.My family and I had a fantastic dinner at Meauxbar and our first in New Orleans! The space is intimate and the vibe is very laid back. Our sever was great in that she was attentive without being intrusive.  The roasted chicken breast was expertly prepared and beautifully presented as were all the entrees we ordered. My husband ordered a French onion grilled cheese that was decadent and to die for!  The cocktail menu was fantastic and the deserts which we did not try because we were so stuffed sounded incredible!LITERALLY the best fish dish I've ever had in my life. Don't tell my dad; he'd be very sad to hear that his "grouper in tin foil" didn't make the cut.Great bottomless mimosas for brunch for $22. They come with a nice champagne, fresh orange juice, and little vials of bitters that you can add to your liking. They have grapefruit, cassis, peach, and apricot flavored bitters. 
For the appetizer my friends and I split the chefs appetizer plate which came with an amazing chicken liver pâté, smoked fish deviled eggs, homemade sausage patty, fresh preserves, sheeps milk cheese, and a chicken sausage. The only thing in the whole meal that we didn't care for was the chicken sausage.
For my entree I had the French onion grilled cheese which was very good and flavorful but a tiny bit overpriced but it's brunch so I can't complain too much. 
Overall this place is a great brunch spot with quality food!!More of a 3.5 but rounding up since I didn't get to try many things and everyone else at the table was very pleased. I had a mixed green salad to start. The vinaigrette  was fantastic. The Escargot and Bone Marrow was good but extremely salty. The Duck Fat roasted sun chokes were good too but very sweet for an appetizer. The place was quaint and cozy. Service was good.found this place when we were looking for something a little less "NOLA food" and a bit more like a nice place in Philly.
This was in October, 2014. I guess they had recently re-opened under a new crew but same name.
What a great spot. right on the north side of the quarter, I think it would be good for a special meal, or a nice snack or drink at the bar.
We just ate at the bar. 
Super pro bartender, very friendly, he had been in some touring bands and had played at hot spots right in our philly neighborhood.
Despite it being a Monday night and kind of dead, everyone still had their game face on and treated us right with food and drinks.
Sat next to a prominent cocktail blogger at the bar, and he hooked us up with stuff to request both on and off the menu.
Steak tartare here was excellent, among the best I've had. pasta with bolognese was also amazing. could barely finish the portion, it was so rich and tasty.
and, they not only make their own bread, they churn their own butter too. I don't think I have ever even eaten fresh home made butter before--kudos to @MacCocktail for telling us to order it.
cocktails (manhattan, sazerac, something with Chartreuse) were spot on, and they had a nice wine list along with some decent beers--and the cost was equal to the quality, no more or less, which i think is a bonus.
So, if you are looking for something other than cajun/creole/fried foods in NOLA, I think this is a good choice.Came with 3 other friends during restaurant week. Not everyone got the 3 course special but we shared/tasted it all. Everything that touched our lips was fabulous. Ambiance was great, food even better, and decently priced bottles of wine. I will come here again whether there's a special or not. It seems like a great date nite, our waitress was very knowledgeable, and a place to take family/friends visiting before hitting the quarter.I went here for happy hour thinking it was until 7p, but it ends at 6p...just so everyone knows! That said, I decided on the $5 rose, cheese plate, and an order of fried chickpeas. All were great! I could eat those chickpeas for days! Our server was friendly and not overbearing, which I always appreciate. I would definitely like to go back for dinner one night. The ambiance of Meauxbar is very cool and laid back; makes for a good date spot.Just had an amazing meal and we were impressed from our greeting at the door until we were too full for dessert, and said our goodbyes.  The staff here know their stuff, from front of house to every bite that came out of the kitchen, we were very impressed.
My girlfriend and I had just ordered, when another party came in who claimed to be locals, without a reservation.  Trying to be accommodating, the hostess gave them a table, but even after that, the group then proceeded to be loud and boisterous conversationalists (who came in with the cocktails they had been drinking on the way to the restaurant). My partner and I were terrified that our elegant, quiet dinner was about to be ruined when the manager stepped in and quietly explained that he couldn't serve the party their drink order because they were overserved already, and the red cup revelers decided not to stay.  I made a point to tell the manager how impressed I was in how he dealt with what could have been a terrible situation without causing any disruption for the rest of the diners.  We were then unexpectedly presented with a complementary small plate appetizer, loaded with amazing shrimp, to apologize for the loud folks and the disruption, even though they had only been there for about five minutes.  This was despite the fact that I had also just sent back a drink that I had ordered that was lovely but not to my liking, and they made me another cocktail without a second thought.
We shared a gorgeous, succulent, and fatty pork belly and scallop starter, followed by extremely generously portioned main courses.  I had a mouth meltingly tender hangar steak and my partner dug into the duck a l'orange.  We kept sharing bites back and forth because each of us was convinced we had the best dish. Overall it was easily our best meal of a trip to NOLA where every meal was extraordinary. 
If you want to be well taken care of, in a cozy, polished and chill little venue that is just outside of the frenetic pace of the Quarter, definitely visit this gem. Next time we will save room for what looked like an inviting dessert menu.I really truly loved this restaurant when I visited. We went for a birthday dinner and it was really fun! The food was good and the drinks were great.
The service was weird because they were slow so our original server left int he middle of his shift and our new waitress was only okay but it happens.
I would definitely recommend to anyone visiting for a fancier dinner.My boyfriend and I came here for the romantic atmosphere and amazing reviews we saw on Yelp. After spending $100 or so dollars, we left feeling like this was one of the most mediocre dinner experiences we've ever had as a couple. 
We first split a Chef's Selection tray with unremarkable chicken paté, flavorless pork terrine, lukewarm crawfish ceviche, and stale crackers. I was a little shocked (given that it was a French restaurant and what it cost) that there was such poor attention to detail. Then we got mussels and fries. The mussels were small and a little tough, and the fries were just soggy. Finally, hoping on one last bit of redemption, we ordered a strawberry shortcake dessert with creme fraiche and meringue. Bad. The cake tasted store bought.
It was all not-good, which is bad at this price point. I had to restrain my boyfriend from yelling that the food was just bad.I'm not sure if I just had a bad experience here as I see so many positive reviews, but especially compared to the other fare available in New Orleans at this price point, I found my meauxbar experience to be a bit lacking. 
I went with three other co-workers on a Tuesday night. I initially was expecting a great meal as we had walked entirely too far away from the typical hot spots in New Orleans to make it to this bar. Being with fellow foodies, I was expecting a fantastic meal. The interior of the restaurant was quite nice with a beautiful bar along the back of the main dining room with light fixtures resembling something one might see on display in an art museum.
So when I started with the sweetbreads, I was expecting some of the best I had ever had. However, when it arrived, it was a relative flop. The breading was a bit too much and made the dish dry. The accompanying jus and gremolata couldn't save the dish and while it was not the worst I've had, it was a far cry from the best. 
I followed this with the milk and fennel braised pork gnocchi. I will say that this dish was relatively good. The fennel provided a good balance to the hearty pork and gnocchi. The gnocchi was also relatively well done, but as gnocchi is one of my favorite foods, it did not have the pillowy texture one might expect form a restaurant of this caliber. 
Overall, while it definitely was not the worst meal of my life, I feel that for the price point, there are a number of other restaurants in New Orleans that would provide a better experience.Chicken farci, gnocchi, French onion grilled cheese, and fries with rouille were all outstanding. So was the service. Chef Kristen is a star. She has achieved perfection without pretension.Best gulf fish almandine we have had. Chef explained about popcorn rice on plate. Drinks were good and service excellent.We went to this restaurant based on a recommendation for somewhere outside the French Quarter craziness and somewhere the locals might eat. There was not a bead in site! It was less than 10 min ride from our hotel and that was mostly based on traffic. An interesting and eclectic cocktail menu. We had the cheese plate for an appetizer and it was one of the best I've ever had. It may seem simple, but the fried chick peas were so tasty. For entrees two of us had the fish almandine - so delicious! Fish was cooked perfectly and even though it had a butter sauce, it was not heavy. The other person in our party had the scallops. It was a winter preparation with turnips/white beans. According to my friend, the scallops were cooked well, but it was not her favorite combination. For dessert we shared the goat cheese roulette - quite tasty with figs. The restaurant only has 12 tables so be sure to make a reservation. Service was attentive without being overbearing. Please go if you want a local experience instead of the tourist traps!Great cool space that is a must for the non-tourist experience.The food and service here is impeccable. Went back twice during my vacation in New Orleans. I would suggest a reservation even though I didn't have one it filled up very quickly. The cocktails are very inventive and the food was amazing! Best place I've eaten at in NOLA.I had dinner at this restaurant alone on a Thursday night. The hostess and server were both very accommodating and attentive. I was served a craft cocktail and my meal in under 15 minutes. The flavors were bright, unique and very flavorful. I had a great experience. I had the fries, gnocchi, and gin cocktail. The fries are a huge serving. The red pepper dipping sauce is phenomenal. I am not a vegetarian, but I did not miss the meat in the gnocchi because of the great flavor. The gin cocktail was unlike anything I've ever tasted (in a good way). There is a strong celery taste that compliments the gin well. Definitely recommend this place.Meauxbar was a complete delight.  The staff is very friendly, but professional at the same time (she even brought me reading glasses to borrow because I forgot mine!)  The ambiance is lovely - reminds me of a cozy neighborhood restaurant with great food.  The beef tartare was very good, but the scallops and pork belly small plate was really excellent with exquisite flavor.  The bone marrow was surprisingly delightful - how often do you see bone marrow on the menu??  My companion's pork chop was very good, but I think my lamb shank (it was actually loin which is probably better) was excellent.  I even saved a bit to eat the next morning.  We had a great time at Meauxbar and would definitely go back when in town next.  
I forgot to mention that they had interesting and delicious cocktails too.  Interesting combinations that tasted balanced without trying too hard.  We had the Negroni and the Mandolin Player - both terrific.Great little place on the edge of the French Quarter. Bartender was awesome, made complicated drinks the old fashioned way. The food was awesome and the wait staff excellent. Make reservations because they do not have many tables which makes it very intimate and unique.
Wine list was well chosen and reasonably priced.Definitely will be back for the escargots in brandy crème! We also had the Burrata as an appetizer and it was excellent. For entrees we had the scallops and the pork chop. The pork chop was cooked perfectly and the mustard seed in the braised cabbage really made my taste buds happy. Next time I will try the duck fat popcorn! Dimly lit, full bar and attentive wait staff.So our first visit... Loved this place! Small, quaint, intimate and very trendy! All small plates or large to share. Started with the chickpeas, and then the escargot in bone marrow. Not usually a "bone marrow" type girl, though one of Steve's fav's... I do love escargot, and this didn't let me down!  Completed with the potato gnocchi & French onion grilled cheese. Though the grilled cheese was a little rich for me, if you like that, then it was spot on! But the gnocchi was probably some of the best I have had! Just like it's supposed to be... Pillows of softness, seasoned to perfection! Can't wait to be back! Steve says great selection on wines too!Really great. I had a French onion soup sandwich which was so decadent and amazing. It had brisket and super rich cheddar cheese on a Texas toast kind of bread. Super amazing sandwich! Great cocktails! Roast chicken, gnocchi and yak a mein were also fantastic. 80s music that's actually good (b 52s, new order) and a really cool vibe overall. Only thing to watch out for is an insane lcd billboard truck that drives by every 20 minutes and lights up the entire restaurant like the end of close encounters of the 3rd kind and you think you're leaving the planet in a giant alien spacecraft.Food was amazing!  Of course the albino mule cocktail made with vodka, ginger, and limoncello was a pretty phenomenal start. 
Small plates were creative, unique and flavorful. Pork belly and scallops?  Yes please. Marrow escargot?  Outstanding. Burrata with radish and cabbage relish?  Refreshing. All were fantastic and a delight. The presentation was exceptional and flavors were were developed. 
For dinner I had speckled trout amandine.  Never before was a dish placed in front of me where the sauce was such a perfect complement to the protein. The almonds were exceptional and truly enhanced every aspect of the delicate fish. 
A wide array of desserts were available, but the standout was the vanilla bean creme brûlée.  Truly amazing. 
True modern French cuisine with a great flair. Definitely a must visit in New Orleans.So I started our New Orleans trip on a great note by picking this place for Sunday brunch.  I chose the crepes and added a side of eggs.  The crepes of the day were made with dates and maybe sweet potato?  Nevertheless, they were the best I have EVER tasted and afterwards found myself wanting to repeat this perfect meal the next morning!  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this yummy place and will be sure to stop by on my next trip!Okayyyy I see you Meauxbar! Classic French bistro with local Louisiana ingredients. Intimate for dates, homey atmosphere for family gatherings, or even for solo diners like myself, catching myself deep admiring the outside streets bordering the French Quarters and slowly nibbling my food so it wouldn't end. So yeah, I really REALLY enjoyed this restaurant!
My server was very friendly and made small conversation which I appreciated since I was alone. I felt like the service and timing to check in was spot on. For food, I got the escargots where the shiitakes and brandy cream brought a much darker, unique flavor to the usual escargot dishes drowned in butter. But the real star of the show was the LA Gulf Fish Amande, that night was a red fish. Halfway through, I realized this tasted almost like a pie! Blanketed delicately on top of the flakey fish were thin sliced caramelized almonds (aka the pie crust) and the buttery sauce mixed with the rice, fish, and veggies were the perfect filling. One of the most memorable fish dishes I've ever had, and so happy my server suggested this dish as I was conflicted to where to even begin with the menu.Very great place to grab a bite to eat in a romantic, dim lit, setting. We tried the beef tartare - which was actually ground. It sounds strange, but it was so tender and delicious! The gnocchi was also tasty. It came with spinach in a creamy buttery/ slightly cheesy sauce. We split the hanger steak with Parmesan fries. Got the steak medium well- it was well seasoned with a very umami gravy. This place is great for small plates and apps. Definitely a delicious dinner for something off the main drag. Our server was also very attentive and there was a good crowd inside.Excellent find - from the owner of Kitchen Witch Cook Books store. Book early, we could only get a 9:30PM reservation. Everything was great, and the bartender recommended a very reasonably priced wine to accompany our dinner. Sweetbread app and the oyster pan roast were excellent. Entrees delicious and we split a hazelnut dacquiose was divine. 
Off the beaten path - but worth the walk/cab ride.Service and atmosphere were 5 star, but they missed on two of the small plates we ordered. The gnocchi was bland and the apple bacon tart was salted so heavy our tonges were burning. I would go again because the restaurant"s attention to detail and passion were evident. Hopefully the cook gets better at seasoning dishes.This is one of my favorite restaurants. I've eaten here twice now. Our waiter has been Tomas both times. He was so great we requested him the second time. He very knowledgeable about the menu and great with recommendations. The food is outstanding and the atmosphere too. Highly recommend.Went here for dinner and, just, wow. Everything was delicious! We started with the French fries, which were well-seasoned and covered with flaky salt. The red pepper rouille wasn't very flavorful, but it was a nice, subtle touch. I eschewed the entrees in favor of small plates, and tried the potato gnocchi and the pork belly and crispy scallops. So delicious! The potato gnocchi had crab and fresh tomato and corn in a creamy brown butter sauce. The pork belly and crispy scallops were amazing - the pork basically melted in my mouth and the crispy bits crunched deliciously. The crispy scallions were also good, although I wish there had been more.
My husband got the French onion grilled cheese - the meat was cooked in wine, very tender. He didn't like the salad as much as the rest of the meal - fairly salty, it it was already a salt-heavy meal.
For dessert I tried the sweet mint mousse. The sweet cucumbers are an interesting and delicious component - unexpected and a necessary crunchy addition to the softness of the mousse and the shortbread crumbs. My husband got the vanilla crème brûlée and it blew both of us away. So creamy, and the caramelized sugar added a taste almost campfire-like. If you're not sure which of the two desserts to get, my vote's on the brûlée.Easily the best meal I had during my visit to New Orleans. Every dish felt like a highlight--the chicken liver pate and crab salad were both amazing, but the Fish Amandine was the most special. It was among the best fish I've had in my life. 
Dessert, service, and ambience were also 5/5. Very interesting to see how they fused classic French cuisine with Louisiana influence. Highly recommend this place.Home run, this place. I've held off going here because it seemed so very trendy, and I've been sneered at by servers in enough hipster joints in New Orleans for one lifetime. 
I could not have been more wrong. Impeccable fine dining service in a relaxed atmosphere, incredibly friendly staff, concerned management--I can't say enough good things about the service and the staff there, and I'm usually a little harsh on service, having been in the industry for ten years. Every staff member acknowledged our presence with at least a smile, and the chef come over to check on the food after she saw me geeking out over my gnocchi upon first bite (seriously, if you're really into garlic, go for it). It is so refreshing to go to a popular, trendy restaurant where the staff is eager to serve and does not disdain the guests. 
The food was equally amazing. The dishes we ordered, pork belly scallops followed by pork belly gnocchi and a bolognese dish, were simple in presentation, perfectly unpretentious, and really impressive in flavor. And I left feeling full, not stuffed, not still kind of peckish. The servings were actually normally sized--not 4 pounds of food, not laughably small portions. 10/10 would go back, no questions asked.All of my critiques on staffing have been addressed. Great hostess, perfect staffing, great dining room Managment and as usual....spectacular food. Go Meauxbar. This is going to be a long relationship.We were walking on the outskirts of the French Quarter when a severe thunderstorm pushed us into the door on a slow Sunday brunch morning.
So, what native Minnesotans do, we ordered booze.
Mimosas are ON POINT, and I mean fantastic.
From a town that LOVES to do Sunday brunch this is perhaps the BEST Mimosa that I've ever had the pleasure of pouring into my lush throat.
So as we're sipping the wonderful orange goodness waiting for the storm to die down so we can walk to the street car and get on the way to city park, we ordered the cheese plate.
A fantastic blue cheese, a wonderful and tangy sweet fruit compote and great crostini to eat it on.
I wish we had gone back before leaving the quarter to have a full meal as the little great things we had a sample of just wanted me to go back for more.A pleasant surprise with an absolutely delicious ending.  We followed our Yelp app and stumbled across this gem.  We had the pork belly and bacon wrapped scallop, beet salad, bone in marrow, and sweetbreads - the composition hit culinary notes even the worlds best soprano couldn't reach.  The menu with its small plates and large plates will not disappoint.  
Must try! 
The only critique was the wait between courses but even that was nulled by the friendly staff and cozy ambiance.  
Well done! 
PS - leave room for their decadent dessert optionsAmazing brunch spot just outside of the quarter. You will need an Uber or taxi to get here. Make a reservation. The restaurant is small, quaint, and cozy. Food and cocktails are beyond expectations. Can you say Chartreuse Flights?