I love the culture and history surrounding this place. The food looked awesome but the taste just wasn't there for me.  The food is just ok. Had the half and half grilled fish and shrimp with corn grits and gumbo.If I could take Melba's with me to Norfolk I would.
This was the first place (besides Fat Tuesday's) I stopped at in NOLA, and did they set the standards for food up high. They showed me real southern comfort food, and I was not disappointed. The food is delicious and over proportioned, all for a low price! I left Melba's with left overs, and my left overs after eating it a second time was more than enough for a third meal.
I HIGHLY recommend stopping here on your trip to NOLA! A hometown classic, in my opinion, and honesty better than what you'll find in the French Quarters.The food is always fresh and seasoned well. I come here atleast once a week for a large gumbo.I recently returned to Melba's and again I wasn't disappointed. Here is where I met the Amazing Marty(his family owns the business). He was everywhere helping at every turn yet he found the time to chat with me also called Marty! I was pleased to learn that the homeless are served hot fresh meals here. How great is that, giving back is key to life and our success. This time I tried the baked fish,Wow it was perfectly seasoned and did not have a muddy taste. The atmosphere here is the real deal and I am a fan for life. Enough said.Truly a waste of your time. New Orleans is filled with great restaurants, but this place is garbage. Avoid if at all possible.We ordered online hoping to save time and showed up and the order still wasn't ready...we waited an additional 15 minutes but it was well worth it. Best shrimp po boy. Their bread is perfect. Highly recommend it just expect a wait.I wanted to like it but have to put in the "large price for small portion" slot. Its probably great @ 4am when you are drunk. But i just paid $23 for two plates that were bland and skimpy. I got the wife the "half & half" (catfish and shrimp) and me the "baby back rib" plate. How is it the gumbo on the menu is a side in 3 sizes. But it isn't a "side" for the plates that come with a choice of sides? The shrimp did not taste that great. No seasoning, but a flavor like they were farmed in some Viet kiddie pool. The fish was ok, but there was only 1 piece. Meh, salad as with most places here is shredded iceberg and some dill pickle slices. The ribs were as bland as the day is long. Very tender but weak sauce, no smokeyness. The sauce wasn't even very cooked into the meat. Nothing was awful but nothing to bring me back. The red beans, and jambalaya sides were just small, forgettable and mostly just rice. Again, no real seasoning or spice to anything. In summation this is sub-cafeteria grade cajun food at fast-casual prices.Red beans, grits, and daquiris are all really good! Chicken wings when they're fresh are good, too, and I like the new Asian chicken dish they've added recently.  I try to always go on a Monday for the red bean special. Great deal! Management is always nice, staff can go either way, but mostly nice! :-) Overall pleasant atmosphere, wait can be a little long so the self-order stations come in handy.Great shrimp PoBoy- they use Leidenheimer's bread. Nice & chewy. Great fries, and I appreciate that they cater to Yelp-ers. Good hot sausage (Patton's I think) sandwich also- didn't get the egg on the sandwich as ordered, but they were busy.3 stars DUE TO HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!! 
Came in to Melba's late Friday night, driving in from Dallas; we were starving! Around 2/3am, we find Melba's walking distance from your stay. We step in, and tried figuring out what we wanted to eat, not even 2 min from locating the menu we hear this horrible voice says "NEXT CUSTOMER PLEASE!" Coming from the cashier(Meaning it was our turn) not knowing a dam about the place we asked what kind of po-boys they had; brushing us off the cashier pointed at the board behind us and said "on the board.....next Customer please". We decide what we want and order, she asked for our names.we take a seat and wait to be called. 
Gave her my name, Carolina; as I'm sitting they yell out "Carolla....Carolla" not knowing it was me I don't get up. One more time "carolla...." i decide to make sure it wasn't me. I ask the other lady what the order was for, and correct my name pronouncing; she huffed and rolled her eyes. 
I couldn't believe the experience. 
Took the food home and ate in peace, very appetizing, great portions!Stopped in to eat after a long night. It's not very spacious on the inside, but the line moved quickly.  The fried chicken was recommended by a friend. 
The staff were very lively and didn't take any crap. You order on one end and pick up on the other end. They were running out of some things but it I don't know if that's the norm or because that's was an event in town.  
I ordered the 3 piece wing platter. I'm thinking it was full sized wings,  to my disappointment,  it was 3  wingettes. Had I known that,  I would have ordered more.  It wasn't the worst, but I wasn't super impressed.  I would give it another shot.Oh yea!  Everything I had was on point. One of my friends got the fried chicken wings...delicious. And can't beat the price for 2 pounds of crawfish. I was a bit sadden over the cabbage. It was so good. Then halfway in I hit nothing but white rice. I asked for cabbage not rice.. I am just saddened that I scarfed it down so quick.The mac & cheese, gumbo, red beans and rice were good. The place was small but had a really friendly atmosphere. This place feels and looks like a gas station pit stop. The cornbread could have been better but I wouldn't recommend driving all the way from Frenchmen street for this. The wait was quick and the workers were friendly. A customer walked in yelling about how she didn't want to be a stripper no more. Pure entertainment.PO boys are always good here. Great late night spot..I'm in love with their red beans and rice. This is a must whenever I come to New Orleans.Loved Melba's! Away from all the fancy recommendations comes a gem recommended by our uber driver.  Fried Chicken off the hook.  Corn Grits most unique version I've ever tasted. Worth the trip for that alone. Then the shrimp po buy- delicious.  Loved itGood food. Busy weekend was a little -moderate wait for Cafeteria serve. Not a lot of room for seating.I just ordered a shrimp poboy and it was uugghhh NOT GOOD, the shrimp taste like it was just pulled out the gulf!! My first time here and i doubt I'll ever come back ya'll can keep that!!This place is as close to heaven as you will get! 
Everything everything everything is amazing! 
The food is extremely affordable and full of that New Orleans flavor! 
The management is so professional, efficient, and thorough! 
The facility is by far one of the cleanest in the entire New Orleans area! 
I sincerely feel like I have no words to describe how awesome this place is!Food is great omg great food the bake chicken and Mac and cheese is out. The staff is awesome and polite and the prices are great. When ever in New Orleans you have to eat here!!!!!Hide yo kids, hide yo wives, but do not hide yo wallets because the food and service rocks! Enjoy. And must eat the corn grits.We went to Melba's last night/early morning at 12:00 am or so. We were craving some good shrimp boil and ordered at the kiosk because we thought it would be easier and quicker. When they called our name to pick up our order they just gave us an order of rice. We waited some time because we thought the shrimp were coming, but after a while we asked for our order they told us they were out of shrimp.  Staff were not helpful and seemed bother that we asked for our order. We were not the only ones whose order was messed up. There were several customers who were complaining about the wait and the lack of good customer service.Horrible Food!! I ate the food there and the prices are extremely high their white rice is always hard and undercooked and I also almost choked a a piece of Brillo pad that was inside the chicken!!I don't want to remain anonymous. My name is Angel Alexander and I tried to buy a homeless person food but the manager was kicking her out. I then asked him why when I was about to buy her food and/or not give her money. He ignored me. The cashier then told me that she causes problems and etc so I then proceeded to apologize and he just literally ignored me. I tried to say look should I be buying her food, sorry for the attitude and instead of him talking to me as the manager, he just ignored me. He then decided to call the police on us after a white customer who didn't know what was going on, started voicing their negative opinion. Instead of you trying to hear a EXTREMELY SUPPORTIVE customer out, he chose to ignore me completely and act as though he didn't care. I'm am apart of the community and also apart of the growing business that we give you several days a week. This  as disrespectful and unprofessional. If you'd like to talk to me please reach out. Thank youSometimes you have one of those mornings after a night of too much fun, and your makeup is old and sliding off your face, and you smell like last night's spilled beer.  You might stumble upon Melba's, and it would be your lucky day.  I got the hot sausage poboy.  It was like $3 or $4 and it was awesome and HUGE.  As we already know, size matters.  A LOT.  I could only eat a a third of it which, if you knew me, you'd know that sandwich was no joke.
They had cherry bombs 3 for $1.  The strongest fucking alcohol you'll ever taste.  I choked and my eyes teared up as I gasped for air.  The guy behind the counter was from the 7th Ward and had all these tattoos and a thick Southern accent.  Bullet proof security door so don't even think about messin' around tryna steal some fried chicken.  Bathroom had no toilet paper but they improvised with some napkins upon request.  Love this place.My first late night food run in New Orleans. The line was long and they do have a vast menu for a late night food run. Decision number one while being here is deciding to order at kiosk (order fast but you don't get to see the food while waiting in line, which is what I did) vs waiting in line (longer wait but you get to see the sides and food as you going through the line). I got a wing ding dinner with macaroni and cheese (wings were ok nothing special and the mac and cheese was horrible/nasty, nothing but spaghetti noodles and melted cheese). I also had a small fried chicken tender po boy which was good (they have 3 different sizes and 10 + choices for the po boys). Overall I would maybe try something else but it wasn't great either. However it's not everyday that you get to eat a mealina dry cleanerHorrible customer service i live in the city and every time i eat here the wait is long and the employees are very rude orders are done wrong request are not recognized I've decided to not eat here anymoreIn-house daiquiri was cheap, convenient, and delicious. My overstuffed shrimp po boy on the other hand was not so great. While there were a lot of shrimp, they were overcooked and chewy. The bread was also chewy, so the texture left a lot t be desired overall. I'll stick with Gene's for my late night sandwich cravings.I was such a glutton at this place....from the 9th ward gumbo..to the ribs..the red beans and rice....the food was amazingly great! They seasoned everything very well....it was the right temperature...well cooked. SO good u must go! I called ahead of time and did a phone order and it was ready when I got there. Not to mention their daiquiris...omg you must try the Xtasy....it was just so good I will definitely be back...and great customer service !Roast beef is the BEST!
Takes a while to get your order but worth it.
Clean and love the laundryOne of my favorite late night places in the city! Staff is always super friendly and the food is tasty!!I love the Panty Dropper mixed with XTC daiquiri! $5 large on Thurs & Sun.. Tried the hamburger po boy today. Didn't like it. Store brought, frozen patty. Wasn't charbroiled as advertised on menu.This is THE BEST Shrimp Po Boy Ive had; outside of Parkway Bakery, which really loads on the shrimp.  It comes down to the baguette. It was flaky, crispy and just perfection.
Never heard of paying extra to get a Po Boy dressed. Probably just an easy profit for the business.What can I say ... buffet-style food with all the old favorites for late night eats or just when you're looking for something quick to eat.  The Red Beans Special is banging ... love the corn grits too.  The fact that the late-night crowd is a bit sketchy just adds to the flavor of it all.This place was recommended by our lyft driver..doesn't  look like much from the outside but when you walk in the smell of food hits you! I had the half fish half shrimp grilled plate which came with 1 side order and grits or bisquits..also had boiled crawfish yummy..the corn grits omg they are delicious im mean you gotta try these grits...unfortunately the fish snd shrimp were way to salty to the point i couldn't even eat..but the crawfish was delicious as well as the jambalaya. ..please scale back on the salt!!!!Wings, red beans, every poboy you make..love the voodoo philly..mac and cheese the cakes..I should I have just said EVERYTHING..love you guys, and the kids day is perfect..my boys love getting the tenders..i joined yelp for the sole purpose of writing this review. i love melba's but think i may have had my last experience with them last night/this morning. i had several friends in town who wanted to grab something to eat and melba's was the first place i thought of because i love the food. we arrived sometime around 1 in the morning. the majority of my friends ordered shrimp po-boys, some ordered stuff off the hot table. we waited for our orders for nearly an hour even though there were not that many customers there. there have been times that i have gone before and the line had been wrapped around the counter and STILL got my food faster than we did last night. two of my friends finally said something and were given free daiquiri refills but still no food. when it FINALLY arrived, we asked to speak to management and what were we offered for our troubles? free plastic cups, bumper stickers and a discount on the next visit, all with a straight face. the problem is that there will probably not be a next time. while the food was great when it finally arrived, none of my friends are interested in returning. the only explanation that was offered was that three people didn't come in because "folks don't want to come to work." i felt horrible because it was my suggestion and though it was beyond my control, i felt responsible for them having such a bad experience. i've been a customer since melba's has opened at this location but have found the experience to be lacking with each recent visit. i'm always happy to see a locally-owned establishment grow but it seems that melba's has grown, increased prices and decreased the quality of service. i doubt that i will be back. we should have gone to gene's.So much better than Gene's and Ilys..omg I love this place..don't waste your money there..come to melbas..it's so goodThe food is okay. I've been given cold food, and they are no longer honoring the free fries with a po-boy deal, despite it still being on their radio ads and on Yelp. I've had both very friendly and very condescending cashiers, depending on how busy it is I think. $8 for a french fry po-boy seems a bit much to me. 
However, I like the family-oriented environment and that the staff is diverse. I've seen their kids visit for lunch, and it was heart-warming for me. The ability to do laundry, get free refills, and do so in the middle of the night are all what bring me here.
You won't find information about laundry on their website, and I wasn't able to place an order online from my phone for some reason.Haven't ate yet but I've been waiting 30 minutes so far watching many people go by - even after informing staff. Another patron was on the same 30 minute wait. First time probably last. Insane!We came here because we asked our Uber driver where a good local spot was that we should try. He dropped us off at Melba's. This was the best po boy that I had along with their gumbo. I only gave it four stars because they need to change their check-in offer because they did not honor it. Other than that it was a cute little spot to visit while we were in NOLA.The cheese grits alone makes me give this place 5 stars. It is 24 hrs with good soul food cooking.  The funniest part is that you can people watch, wash clothes and read the employee comments all in one visit. Everyday is a new special and even though I missed breakfast by 10 mins it was easy to decide on something else. Thumbs up all aroundGreat food unique to New Orleans. Relaxed atmosphere, plenty of room, and amazing food. Plenty of parking. Would come everyday if possible.Great place! After visiting other places that offered the same menu for higher prices, I found Melba's to be easy on the wallet while offering delicious foods. Even the breakfast was good with a wide variety of food to choose from. Will definitely visit again when I'm in New Orleans.
Love the Po-boys and the chicken wings!Good late night, however, need to make make sure the server and wait people are on your order otherwise they will forget. Waited 20 mins for our order that was sitting for 15. 
Wings are the shit here.Great po-boys. Cooked right there and the guarantee of at least 30 shrimp per po-boy. The store-front and inside are quirky and interesting, but the service is a bit lack-luster. I felt that I was being done favors by just being spoken to.I know this is a beloved institution in the seventh ward, however their breakfast is disgusting- I have never had such a gross breakfast in New Orleans or anywhere really- so there's that. Disclaimer, I didn't try anything else on the menu. The staff was eccentrically New Orleans and somewhat friendly as described! And it does have an interesting story behind it and has lots of different things to see and eat and drink. So if you want just an experience go there.I've been coming to MELBA'S for the past 2 years or so. A few employees even know me by name. I haven't had Melba's since I moved off the East Bank, so while coming from work today (08/26/2016) I've decided to make a Web order which was supposed to be finished by 6:27, I got all the way there at (6:40) just to find out that they hadn't even processed my order. I waited about 10 minutes before I went to the counter to ask the clerk if their Web order process was in full effect. She said yes and called the manager to inform her that there was a web order! The worst part is when the manager (or person who said she was the manager when I asked to speak with a manager) wasn't aware that I was in the store when a staff member told her they had a Web order. She went to punch in her code on the iPad, looked at the order and said "oh my gosh we have a freaking catfish loaf, who has time for this" while engaging in her conversation I figured whatever energy the manager gives customers would be the same the other staff members would be "comfortable" with! So the guy in the back said "seriously, wow". I mean I was standing right there and they didn't know it was my order. (No one other than Katrina, I think that's her name because of the receipt, who was the only one who didn't give off any negative energy). I asked for my money back and then "the manager" wants to try to play the nice role saying "are you sure you wanna cancel, im sorry if I made you feel uncomfortable". Ma'am all i want is my refund, thanks for the only shitty service I've ever received while eating or taking out @ MELBA'S. If this person was a manager, that was NOT the way to conduct business whether I was present or not, no matter what I ordered, I'm the one paying for it.Yummy. We had roast beef poboy dressed and smoked sausage poboy. Very satisfied. Couldnt even finish them.  They conviently cut the 10" poboy into 3 making it easier to handle. Fries were ok, but i wasnt there for that. 
If youre in a hurry, call your order in. Wait can take a while so be prepared to wait about 20 min during lunch time. But so worth it.
They also allow u to sample their stuff. I got a taste of the corn grits. Now I cant wait to return to try a plate!Food was sooooo good!! I had the shrimp poboy!! And gumbo and stuffed pepper!!
I was visiting from Houston!! Sad faceGood food, but takes them like an hour to make a sandwich (poboy). Worst attitude ever from the cashier when i asked how long it would take. I wouldnt come here again, too many good places to get better food in new orleans.The best Red Beans and Rice in all of New Orleans...even better that it's also a Washateria, they serve crazy strong drinks, beer, play Motown and Soul, and they're located right here in The Marigny! Heaven on Earth!So goood! The shrimp pivot was so simple but AWESOME! Came for crawfish...they don't serve um in the evening. But daaanmngg! For after 1am u made this Atlantan happy!!!I've eaten here once before and it wasn't very good. That being said, I wanted some cheap food for a party coming up and there was a groupon - $12 for 50 pieces of chicken. We called to order the chicken and were told there was no Groupon running. This place is ran as poorly as their food. Also, considering their past history includes people getting murdered in the parking lot and a manager refusing the play Saints games because he disagrees with the players' protests, I am done with this place.Great place!! Me and my wife were visiting New Orleans for our anniversary, and this place was highly recommended. Food was good and hot!I've driven passed this gem thousands of times and just recently stopped in and man, was I glad I did! It has become a pretty regular stop for me...there is so much to choose from off the menu. Recently I was I there and the manager offered me to sample their crawfish...nice. Anyway, the place is clean, customer service is pleasant, easy parking, the courtyard is refreshing, nice prices and the food is pretty good! It's also attached to a laundromat - so, you can throw your over size blankets in a fancy wash, have some lunch and sip on a daiquiri in the court yard. Get the shrimp poboy...it won't disappoint!We love Melba's!  Perfect for late night, on our way home from working in the quarter.  The boiled seafood is good, the poboys are fantastic, the chicken is great, and the daiquiris are delicious!  Not like the usual, overly syrupy slush everywhere else, you can actually taste the fruit juice in them!Very affordable compared to the French district. Always a special on frozen drinks and $1 shots.We brought my Youth group there to have lunch from North Pole Alaska. One of the best things we've eaten on the whole trip. The staff was very  friendly and food was great.This establishment does not provide tap water despite the fact that they serve alcohol (that's illegal). I bought a shrimp platter and they wouldn't give me a cup of water. Reprehensible. Also the food sucked.I fell in love with Melba's - but I'd only been there during lunch. The night crew treat white people like garbage and move only when they feel like it. 
The 39 people and their families they advertise "we" support must be hungry - if they're white. 
Steer clear.Melba's is another one of those NOLA institutions not to be missed. Where else can you get po' boys, hot crawfish, dozens of culinary delights, and simultaneously do your laundry in the attached laundromat? The crew had it going on early, everything is authentic Creole, Soul and Cajun, and every person in there has a certain pride about serving you real NOLA and it shows. We had the grits, both kinds - creamy style and cheesy style, which contains some whole kernel fresh sweet corn, we had crawfish that we had literally watched die for our breakfast, it's serve yourself soft drinks, bevvies and whatnot, food to take or places to sit, happening place because this is where the actual residents eat. The restroom is one size fits all, clean and stocked, even for baby changing. Foodie peeps like my chef son and I could have spent hours in there, enjoying our conversation with the fine folks serving up NOLA Soul. Do visit!I just had to write about the experience I had on 3/19/2016. I came into the restaurant pretty late and very hungry. There was a long line and 2 gentlemen that ordered prior to me complained that the cashier had a"nasty attitude".They were 100% correct. Your cashier Terriyion should NEVER be allowed to interact with customers. She is the epitome of horrible customer service. She cut me off several times while placing my order, sighed heavily when I asked her to repeat herself, which I wouldn't have had to do if she was speaking clearly. No hello, no please, no thank you, just snatched the money and moved on top the next customer. Whoever the older woman was that worked the night of 3/17,you should have her give a lesson on true New Orleans hospitality. As a native, I found this young woman's service utterly disgusting. IF I ever walk in and see her again, I'll walk right back out.
Side note,  they charge if you want your po boy dressed . That is the most ludicrous, ridiculous thing I've ever seen. Po boys are automatically dressed!!!! My $8.99 hot sausage po boy costs $11.49 after paying for cheese and to have it dressed. RIP OFF. Save yourself the trouble and go to Genes.1st time trying crawfish from Melba's and I'll say this, "NEVER NO MO'!" Besides them throwing in about 2lbs of whole onions and half lemons with the 10lbs I ordered I've never had such an array of bad crawfish in my life. It was like they mixed in re soaked crawfish with dirty crawfish and over cooked crawfish. Only about every 10th one was edible. So it looks like they did me a favor by only giving 8lbs after I pulled out the 2lbs of lemons and onions. The rest were filthy, not purged correctly. Over cooked, just broke apart as mush upon peeling them and just plain tasted bad, like 3 day old re warmed crawfish. Look, I'm a local. Not some hipster transplant from Portland who doesn't know any better. I FED THE 1ST 2 TO MY 2YR OLD FOR CHRISTS SAKE!!!! If it wasn't for the traffic and aggravation I would've returned them. This was more of a social tradition than a "I have to feed my family with this" situation so I'll take my L. The lil free daquiri doesn't even make up for this ineptitude. I would eat other items here but now I won't return for ANYTHING. Too many other options in town. I'd eat those lih dried ass shrimp from the asian corner store before I eat crawfish from there again. I'd eat Disney Gumbo before I'd eat crawfish from there again and I sincerely mean that. $29 gone to waste. But that lil daiquiri was good. The one star for the Daq!This review is for the service. So if they open 24/7 like you advertise then why does everything gets turn off. I walked into Melba's at 12:30 because it says it opens 24/7, but as soon as I walked in the employees told me that everything has to get heated up and we have to wait 30 mins. I'm sorry as a server and if anyone from Melba's came into my job and I said they'd have to wait 30 mins for food guess who is gonna complain and try to get free food? Seriously don't say y'all open 24/7 if y'all aren't prepared to serve.....Melba's is great place to do laundry and get work done at the same time. Wifi internet access along with food if I'm hungry, Melba's is the best in the neighborhood.this is a great place first off cause its open 24 hours.   then there is the fact that there are so many choices to eat you might have a hard time choosing.
the staff is courteous, and they look like they are having a good time, and the sense of community is why I give this five stars.  they invest in each other.  and it shows.
local artists line the walls, and you can do your laundry.
this is some old skool new orleans right here.    
I highly recommend this affordable home cooking joint to anyone visiting here, or any time your out partying all night and need to eat something....   AND you can get yaself a killer daquiri while doin it.
cheers.Out-of-town friends are always asking where the locals go to eat Louisiana food.  Finally getting around to telling the world at large-- it's Melba's.  Big, cheap, good drinks, big portions of good New Orleans food at lower prices than you'll find elsewhere.  NOT a fancy atmosphere.  Service hit & miss, but food always good.  Easy to park if you're driving-- park right in front or in the back if the front spots are filled.  A quick walk from the streetcar stop at St. Claude & Elysian Fields.I have no problems at all with this place!! The line being long is about the only thing I can complain about and then again, can't really complain about that cause it's a sign that the food is good!!!! The local atmospheric art is super cool. The food is delicious!!! The service was ok. Nothing to complain about. If I must suggest something....CORN GRITS!! Aww man, they're soooo good!! All around a cool place to eat!!Melba's has serves just about anything Cajun or creole you could want, plus daiquiris. The fish & shrimp po boy was my first in New Orleans, and it set the bar high. No complaints at all.Cafeteria style. Good food at reasonable prices.  Casual dining.  Favorite with locals.   I would come again.Another 24 hour joint, gotta love these! A group of four of us strolled in here late, around 3 am or something like that, hammered out of our faces, but never obnoxious wit it, real locals here who know how to handle our liqour. Anyways, remembering what everyone else ordered is a blur, all I remember is my breakfast poboy, and at least one of those giant ass pancakes.
I don't think anyone who orders one of those big ass pancakes really realize how massive that thing is. They literally present it in a giant ass pizza box. The one who ordered it was clearly experiencing some drunken confidence in the promise that he would finish the whole thing...long story short, the pancake won.
As for my breakfast poboy, it could have been that i was hungrier than a pig who ate nothing but salad for three days straight, but I found it to be the savior of a massive hangover, just hit it up with some Crystal hot sauce, and it's on n poppin! 
I'm thankful I stopped in, it was in my sights for a hot one.The only reason why they get more than one star is because they are open late. And there are not too many places to choose from this late. The counter service is slow. I mean VERY slow. I think I waited about 25 minutes for fried chicken. Fried chicken never takes that long. I don't care what you say. But then I was happy to see chicken when it came until I got to the part where I had to eat it because it was very salty and tasted like checkers or rally's. Meh this was like the worst chicken I have ever had. Hands down.So good! We were originally going to another place, but our uber driver suggested Melba's instead. People were friendly and the shrimp po boy was delicious!I was recommended Melbas because of my crazy work schedule and them being open 24 hours. Placed a order and took it to go. Everything was pretty good. Would've placed more stars except for the fact that I found some type of paper in my gumbo. It wasn't floating on top and was clearly mixed in like a main ingredient.The good:  really big menu. I mean huge. They have just about any soul food you can think of and then some. They have really friendly staff and they're always helpful. The corn grits are awesome.
The bad: the menu is too big. If you dont know what you want or haven't been there before you can almost get lost trying to figure out what you want. The huge menu also leads to another problem the food itself. Because the menu is so big it seems like a lot of the items are just ok most of the time depending on who's cooking. The gumbo is always over seasoned. Overall there ok at 3:00 in the morning with a hangover but not so much when you have options.I'm changing  my review after a recent experience where I was treated horribly by a staff member who shall remain unnamed. I want so badly to like Melba's, and it's saddening that the food doesn't outweigh the repeated experiences of bad customer service. 
About a week ago, I visited and ordered 2 sides. After being given the wrong food (that the cashier took down correctly, efficiently, and very courteously), I waited an additional 20 minutes for my 2nd side. 
A supervisor/manager (I'm unsure) noticed how long I had been waiting and politely requested that it be fixed immediately. She then apologized, and I assured her that I understood given my previous work experience. Later, I offered suggestions for speeding up the shift and drawer change process, and she offered me a job opportunity. 
Also, they will not honor the french fry deal, even though it's still on here and their radio station. 
Two days later, I went in for lunch, got a refill using my refill cup and was met by a staff member who was extremely rude and could not muster the ability to use complete words or sentences. She asked when I bought my cup, and I was honest that it was not the same day. I'm new to town and didn't realize I misunderstood the local business' free refill policy. I felt like I was being treated like a criminal, as opposed to a new but common customer who had a genuine misunderstanding. Part of her job is customer service, and there is no excuse to treat patrons as though they are out to get lunch. I decided to skip lunch at Melba's and will genuinely never go back, not even for laundry. 
It's disappointing that such poor service is tolerated and abundant.Ok, I made it back, this time I wasn't in search of ice cream, I was on a mission to EAT!!!! #feedseymour 
So much activity going on here, it's easy to suspect the food here is great &&& I needed put my lips on some vittles.  So, I ordered a charbroiled hamburger po-boy & with my Yelp check-in I got some free fries... Yesssss!!!!!!! Additionally I ordered a daiquiri (player passion & hurricane mixed because I'm a #swirlgirl). 
The French Bread is the kind my granny likes, CRUNCHY & makes a crumbly mess with every bite. It was "dressed" add ketchup. It was a delight, until I was able to taste the patty alone... Ehhhhh #methinksNOT. This apparently was a frozen patty, that had a sort of mildewy taste to me... So I decided to ditch the meat & have my way with the bread, yummy for my tummy.  The swirl daiquiri was on point!!!! The fries were 'leave them' on the 'take it or leave it' option. 
The crumbly mess-making French Bread & the swirl daiquiri was great... The hamburger meat & fries left a lot to be desired tho. 
Parking is strategic as it's limited in the front & shared with the neighboring laundry-mat. But there is parking in the rear behind the outdoor patio. 
Oh well, on to the next.Love this place.  Good food and drinks along with hospitality.  We got here at like 8/9 in the morning and didn't leave til noon.  I can pass on the gumbo, but their shrimp and fish poboy was good and the crawfish was sooo flavorful!  I had some daiquiris on Monday which was $1.  I had the peach and strawberry mixed and these things will sneak up on you fast.  Be careful it'll put you down but a good combo with the food.  I'll be back when I come back to NOLA!Really impressive shrimp Po Boy. Philly isn't what I would consider a Philly. Very salty but good. Daiquiris are cheap but nothing special. Would
Love a real fruit daiquiri option. Love that they post their employee benefits.This is probably the worst place I've ever been into as far as management they treat you like crap always noise in there and  sometimes you get what you order. However I do praise Scott the owner and manager he is good people.The atmosphere was great, the portions are really big and the food is delicious. I love how it's a multi purposed place to get your laundry and food in one stop. The gumbo, wings, corn grits and stuffed bell peppers are all worth trying.So Melba is 100% 9th ward good eatin'!!! Its half restaurant half cafeteria style. When you walk in the first thing that will grab your eye is the big menu board. On it are the food available. But look around and the beautiful artwork is the second item that will catch your eye. They have a beautiful array of New Orleans style artwork that grace the walls, and even a trash barrel that is a beautiful piece. 
For this trip I tried the shrimp and grits along with well buttered toast. The shrimp was grilled and was plentiful...30+ pieces of medium/large shrimp with a very hearty serving of grits. 
Melba's is a wonderful establishment to visit when in New Orleans. Its authentic, hearty and really a cool place to go!This place was spot-on for us in so many ways.  Me friends got the pork chop plate and the seafood plate. As a pescatarian, I only eat seafood.  'Tis a shame for the cabbage, gumbo, and red beans to carry meat , as they looked just as devine as the best mac 'n cheese in town.  Grilled shrimp was lovely.  Music was great, but the service is a shining star. Come here a lot, and will continue to. Especially for late-night breakfast.My friend and I visited here for the first time yesterday. I must say that the food was very bland and nasty! It was our 1st time in NOLA and we were on the hunt for some amazing food. Needless to say this was NOT what we had in mind. We ordered fish m shrimp only because everything on the line was dried out.The fish was bland and shrimp weren't fresh. Save yourself the let down guys because Melba's was horrible!!Cheap, conveniently located and fullfilling. What else do you need from a po-boy place?Hubby , Son , and I enjoying our food . Lynn and the whole Staff was extremely kind . Very passionate and excellent customer service .  Thank you !!!!I love Melba's! 
Great food, best laundry place!Went to Melba's after Zulu and it was by far the most clutch meal of Mardi Gras. Had a 1/2 shrimp 1/2 fish Po boy, which was great. the seafood was fried to perfection! After sampling some of the crawfish, we decided to also buy 15 lbs of them. This restaurant  is awesome and I can't wait to make another trip to this place.Best spot in New Orleans hands down if you want some good for a price that won't hurt your pockets.After ditching Gene's due to crowd came here and ran into an even sizeable crowd. I am so glad we stayed. Next time i will order online.. Great foodDelicious soul food, laundry, daiquiri's, slots, free wifi.. pretty much everything you would ever need in one spot! I have tried the majority of the menu and haven't been disappointed. The baked chicken plate with Mac & cheese and corn grits or roast beef poboy are among my personal favorites.LOVE the chicken tenders and the corn grits and the mac & cheese.  BUT - the crawfish were soooooo horribly salty we couldn't eat them.  It wasn't crawfish boil seasoning - it was plain old salt!  Second chance for them and still terrible crawfish.  Wish it were otherwise because I do love the rest.Melba's is a cool little chill spot we found around the corner of our Airbnb. They have a couple of tvs to watch the game on, 2 daiquiri stations, and a kiosk that takes 5% off your order if you use it. 
We got the fish plates, and shrimp pogirls.... so good! Many options for sides as well. 
We will definitely be back to Melba's!Great spot! I got the fish plate and was very satisfied. The fish was hot and perfectly fried. The flavor of the corn bread was on point and the Mac and cheese noodles are long, which was funny to see. Very cheesy and seasoned well.
The atmosphere is very welcoming; even the other guests seem to know everyone and stopped by my table to say hi.
Plenty of options for lunch and there's even a laundromat! Ha! Pretty cool.Overated. Doesn't do traditional New Orleans staples justice. Too many smells as well! Soap powder, Fabuloso, and food gave me a headache to go worth my disappointment of the food!A wide range of food choices. The fried wings were excellent as were the corn grits. Everyone at my table enjoyed their food. My son got the hamburger and it was not very good so I don't recommend that.  I loved the atmosphere and the service was good. It is counter service but they bring the food out to you.  I will definitely be back.I find this place very impressive. I heard the owner on a podcast (midnight menu +1) some months back. Local guy who really loves the area, which is evident in the way he conducts business in a seedier part of Elysian Fields. Melba's takes great pride in its food and employees. The po-boys are terrific, and the signage describing the lives of the employees is heartening. I would make a point of trying this place out, as I believe that it could stand up to the more prominent po-boy establishments (eg domilisi's, parkway, etc).This my first time Melba's we ordered chicken wings with French fries & corn grits also Shrimp Poboy today buy one get one Free Daiquiri..Everything was Delicious especially the corn grits. The atmosphere was very friendly, very clean, the menu is huge but that wasn't problem the nice Lady who took our order explain everything to us, let me add The Banana Daiquiri was good !!!This place has a lot going on; laundrymat, art gallery, liquor store and restaurant 24/7.  Now, Im all about good food and drink and Melbas gives both. We has shrimp and roast beef poboys and frozen drinks and were in heaven! I'll  def come back on my future trips to new orleans. This place kicks the heck out of Parkway!We had the sausage poboys that were the daily special the day we went. They weren't too bad, but I wasn't overly impressed. The food that was in the heating dishes at the counter didn't impress me much. I think there are probably better options out there.Came here because we heard this was the best spot in NOL to get a pooh boy. My cousin also recommended the half and half. I got the half and half, check out picture, and my hubby got the pooh boy. They also have a lot of other items you can purchase but they didn't look so good in the serving trays where you can pick and choose what you want for your meal. Definitely get the shrimp pooh boy. It would have been the best if it wasn't so salty. My half and half was salty as well. Maybe we just got the heavy handed person, on the salt, who made the batter for this batch. That's why I'm giving them 3 stars instead of 4. There is a wait so be patient. I believe you can call it in. Whenever we decide to come back down south we will visit this place again and I will get the pooh boy instead.This place was awesome! great prices on crawfish and very friendly customer service! Very helpful first time having crawfish and wasn't sure on how to eat it but they made it easy, wish I had a cooler to bring some back they do 10 pounds for $30 what a great deal!!The daiquiris, prices and customer service, alone, are enough to write home about! I love Melba's and can't wait to go back when I'm in NOLA again. 1 daiquiri was strong enough to last for hours! Much cheaper and better than daiquiri shoppes in tourist areasAlways great food at a super price .................. Any time of day you can get in and out fastSure, there was a bit of a wait...this place always seems to be packed! We soon found out why Melba's is so popular....these are the best Po Boys I have ever had. The spicy sausage was delicious - I didn't expect a flat sausage! The shining star of this place is their roast beef and gravy Po Boy. This was honestly the best roast beef I have ever had!It's impossible to drive by without stopping in.
My cousins always bring me here every time I visit sweet NOLA. Just came to say that these corn grits are serious! Great for whatever else you want, ain't had a bad meal here yet!!!This was my first time at this resturant visiting from out of town. The food was fine however the wait wasn't so great very long lines.  Customer service was decent.We were told by my gf's family to try this place so of course we did. It was pretty good, the only complaint I have is the Mac & cheese. It was made with some other pasta besides elbow and it was very greasy. Other than that, it was great. The chicken was very seasoned and the cornbread was sweet just like I like it. The staff here are very friendly and they make everyone feel like familyMediocre food. Bad service. Somewhat overrated. I've been here a few times but no longer go.  Lots of people behind the counter chatting and no one ready to take your order.  This has happened to me more than once. One time there was no one in the kitchen while I waited for food until they showed up. Looks like manager needs to straighten things out. That's my opinion and experience at Melbas.Lots of food..tasty homecooking.  Plates full like grandma would set in front of you and expect you to finish it all. Yummy sides to go along with a large variety on the menu.  Fresh cooked with just a short wait. A wait that is well worth it.The Daquiris are    . Specials on them everyday and so worth the price. Add an extra shot and you ! My fave spot for Daq specials!Melba's is the best food we had in NOLA.  We had a large group of 16 and they handled us with ease.  The food was fabulous and the real New Orleans cuisine were looking for.  It is just a four block walk from the end of the Rampart line.  The price for five pounds of crawfish was $13.  At the French Market, crawfish was $12 per pound!Scott the owner reach out and offered an apology, from where we come from that means quite a bit! 
I appreciate that a lot. 
I hope a serious talk with Trell is had!!! She can't keep it up and expect people to come back! 
Thanks Scott.August 6, 2016 was my first time going to Melba's! I have been meaning to go there, but I am from the westbank, so I don't really travel to New Orleans often! Food was great. A friend had brought me there, and I must say it was great. I will definitely be returning. I tried corn grits for the first time! OMG! Lovvveeedd it. I am an extreme picky eater. I will try something different next time. I CAN'T WAIT TO RETURN! They cook your food fresh for you, but the wait was not long! THANK YOU JESUS! I hope I can have another positive visit the next time I go. It also was not crowded at the time I went, which was after 7pm. Cashier was friendly. Atmosphere was friendly. LOVED IT!Baby Melbas breakfast in the morning hits the spot. I love  that they are open 24/7, i can get off work and can get a good plate of food. Chicken pretty good as well.I had a bad experience in Melba's. One of the owners by the name of Keith and his want to be manager call Melvin said I could not come in to their restaurant ever, so I do not go in there and spend my little earned money for nothing.Wow 
Stayed within walking distance
Hands down best of best fried chicken wings and crayfish to peel
Went twice 
Plus 1000 wings for less than $470 if you have a big craving 
Crazy good
Get it while it's hot outta the fryer
Can't eat but a dozen go for two !!
Good straight up service too!From a local stand point, hot sausage on French dressed was everything it should be & even tho french fries were cold by the time we got home they were still good..
  On the other hand the chargrilled hamburger isn't worth the frozen patty truck it rode in on, as a matter of fact a cheeseburger from Micky D's is better & cheaper too!!Waited almost an hour for a fried shrimp poboy, some gumbo, and a soda. Kind of crazy. 
It was New Years day so I would have given them a pass except the fried shrimp poboy wasn't that good and neither was the gumbo.I have been going here for about a year and I've never had a bad meal. I love grabbing food and coffee while I wait for my clothes to be cleaned in the attached laundromat. I recommend... everything! And the staff are absolutely wonderful and the place is always clean! 
My only true gripes are that they don't have tap water available in the soda machines. You have to buy a bottle which really sucks as its hot and humid and their food is (delightfully) salty. I'm also kinda disturbed by the computers in front of the service bar. This is an area that doesn't have a lot of opportunity and I'd be really upset to hear if Melba's was replacing jobs for their very awesome staff members with soulless machines. Part of the joy of going to melbas is talking to the staff!Great food and Po-boys served in a very unique setting. The daiquiris are also great, way better than most others. Try the voodoo philly and the banana daiquiri.I had the baked chicken,  meat fell of the bone. And the cabbage and baked macaroni was also something I would order again. However the red beans and the stuff pepper was on the too salty side for someone who doesn't need/do much saltI absolutely love that this place is 24 hours and you can get anything on the menu. This was my second time here and it was a drunken late night run to add more liquor to my system. The drinks are A1. And the food is nourishment to my soul. Especially the red beans and rice. Soooo goodI've eaten here a few times and the food is pretty good. The best thing about the place is they have a full menu 24 hrs a day. I work overnight so early morning is my lunch time. Hot sausage poboy at 9am is awesome!Bring your patience and a healthy appetite.  You are going to need both.  The food is great but don't expect any service, it's New Orleans and in the middle of the night soooooooo! Figure it out.  The menu is packed with yummy goodness.  Hopefully you are adventurous and try some of the local specials.  Otherwise they have some plain Jane food for you seasoned to perfection and well portioned.  You won't be disappointed with anything you order.I love love the red beans and rice. The food was hot and well season. The only bad thing is the beggars that hang around asking for money.I've been doing laundry here for over a year and will keep coming back for the sake of the convenient location, but have been noticing lately the washing machines only run on cold regardless of what temperature they are set at.Went there after having a few drinks bourbon street my first time in New Orleans driving from Houston to Orlando got there about 1 AM starting asking some of the locals bartenders Etc where to go for late-night taste of New Orleans this was the recommendation I took  Poboy(deep fried shrimp mayonnaise tomato lettuce never taste so good but the cabbage stole the show enjoyed it very much and atmosphere was very entertaining Argentine Cowboys Boston massI placed an online order at 8am for a shrimp po girl (half of a po boy) to take on the bus with me back to Atlanta.  The online order process went very well. I was hungry and ended up eating most of the sandwich before the bus had arrived. The taste of the shrimp was ok...my problem was that some of the shrimp still had the shells on them when they were fried!  What in the world...I love Melba's! I pass Melba's daily driving home. The employees are professional, funny, (sometimes a little personal), but always to the point with serving you great food. I highly recommend the roast beef with gravy, gumbo, and pretty much everything on the menu. It it good eating at affordable pricing. I also appreciate the fact that it's open 24hrs. and has parking available around the back. I have never sat inside but Melba's has additional seating in the around the side of the building. I have also tried the breakfast, which was hearty and reminded me of those wonderful homecooked breakfast I received when I lived at home with my parents.Bought 2 lbs of crawfish and wasn't impressed.Let me start off with saying that the service was great, the staff was friendly and personable. However, the food was a different story... We are first time visitors to the Big Easy, of course we couldn't leave there without getting an authentic po boy. Melba's just happened to be open late and nearby where we're staying so we decided to try it. We all ordered po boys fried and some grilled, the shrimp was so gross, you could tell it was not fresh. According to our son it was shrimp dipped in catfish bucket water. It left such a nasty aftertaste and a lasting impression. The sides were subpar, way too salty and tasted old. Now if you don't care about freshness, especially with seafood, then this is the place for you. But with them being in a gulf city with an abundance of fresh shrimp nearby they shouldn't have any shrimp from a bag. I hate to leave a review like this because we loved the staff, they were amazing but this is a honest review of the quality of the food.We finally made it to Melba's.  Based on the reviews, we were expecting something different.  Then again, maybe we just didn't order the right items.  The staff was/is extremely friendly.  There were a lot of food options.  And people seem to REALLY love it!
The daiquiris are STRONG, so don't be fooled by cool looking "slushy" machine :-)  There friend shrimp was average, but there was no cocktail sauce.  (But that may not be a New Orleans thing) The macaroni and cheese is not what you may be expecting NOR are any of the polish boys - except shrimp.  The red beans and rice was very tasty.  And everyone seems to really like the corn grits.
Its an experience.  But, I do't know that it is any different/better than any other restaurant in New Orleans.  You should also note the neighborhood is nothing like the Quarter, so don't show up if you are "nervous" and will look/be uncomfortable.Damn, really good food. Like seriously delicious. Odd with the laundry attached but don't let that deter you away from this spot. The food was incredible, they were swamped when I got there and I waited a good 25 minutes for my Shrimp & Grits (I'm told that almost never happens). I have to say though after eating the food I would have waited twice as long and not felt jaded. Seriously delicious!We don't have food like this in Seattle so when we decided to give Melba's a try we fell in love instantly. So much so that we indulged ourselves at least 3 more times during our trip. Daily specials. Daiquiris (XTC flavor FTW). Cheesy corn grits. Red beans with sausage. Mac N' Cheese. Ribs. Free wings when the Saints win (made the Seahawks loss feel less painful). I could go on and on but I'm starting to slobber on my desk. Pure heaven. Service could be better but I suppose it's part of the experience. Sigh..... Back to the land of tofu and quinoa.This place is in a laundry mat. They have a restaurant, bar and laundry mat in the same place. The bar has daiquiri machines and the daiquiris are awesome. They have specials often on the daiquiris. The food is cheap and decent. And you get a ton of food with your order. We ended up with the red beans and rice and chicken wings special, cabbage and also baked chicken. All of it was pretty good. This is a place for the locals that tourists don't know about and one that tourists might steer clear of. But I'd go back.I had a shrimp PoBoy w/ order of fries. Also a fish & shrimp plate w/ Mac & Cheese. The wait time for the food turned out to be worth. Nearly 30 min for a PoBoy & seafood plate was pretty long. My shrimp PoBoy was fresh and full of flavor. The bread was chewy & over toasted for my liking but overall a good PoBoy. The fries were a major disappointment. They were cold & old. The fish & shrimp plate was also very fresh & full of flavor. Not sure what filet of fish it was but it was meaty and it wasn't too "fishy". I also grabbed a few lbs of crawfish and even though they were a bit on the small side the seasoning was on point. I enjoyed this spot.The fresh smell of laundry greets you. Had a po boy full of perfectly fried catfish and shrimp. Really good. Shared it because I thought it would be too much, but I could have definitely eaten the whole thing. Fries were just ok - skip 'em.
Gf gave two thumbs up to the seafood gumbo -- good rich roux. Friends brought their 4 kids for first trip to New Orleans and devoured a few bags of crawfish. The mango daiquiri was ok. 
Easy walk from Marigny.Haven't ate yet but I've been waiting 30 minutes so far watching many people go by - even after informing staff. Another patron was on the same 30 minute wait. First time probably last. Insane!
Update- I ordered at 8:55pm and received food approximately 9:33. It appears the orders from one cashier's register was not being filled- that someone abandoned their duties in the kitchen for a break with no replacement seemed to be the issue. The food was great- well the PoBoys- the fries were old and our cashier was overall apologetic- but nothing was offered to appease us for our inconvenience. Some protocol should be developed; a gift certificate or something. Thank you for reaching out. That means a lot. I'll give it another try again when in town & see if it was an isolated eventThis place was recommended by my Uber driver after a late night on Bourbon Street. He said, "You will not find a better po boy, gumbo, or red beans plate, than you will here. You gotta be careful though, don't eat with your eyes or you'll buy the place." He was completely right. The food was fantastic; spicy, flavorful, and plentiful. Price was right, and service was very helpful and quick to plate and serve. I highly recommend the wings or the red beans plate, this place is worth the stop if you're in the city.12/25/16: we visited late night.  The staff was friendly.  The food was tasty -- Jambalya $2.99 and Mac & Cheese $2.99 sides.  We also had a yummy mixed frozen drink $5.00 (huge)!  The place is decorated and has character.  Highly recommend!This is a cute little find, so close to my Airbnb. The service was excellent, the people who took my order were very friendly and my order came out in 5 minutes. I wish I took a daiquiri as well, but I completely forgot. The menu is huge and there a lot of dishes. For an out of state person, it was overwhelming. I got the chicken jambalaya, Baked chicken and gumbo and boy was it smashing!Got the baked chicken, shrimp, mac n cheese and gumbo. LOVED it all. Wish they had more fountain drink selections.I cannot explain how life-changingly good the food is! The red beans and rice is my new crush and the grits haunt my dreams with their delicious, creamy goodness!!Amazing food!! A seafood joint that actually has enough shrimp on one poboy to make two.Falsely advertising free French fries when you check in on Yelp. They said the owner is not doing that anymore, but they keep advertising it. This is why you get a one start ratting.Visited from the Midwest.  This place was packed. Order was not right, waited longer than I should have a but the food was decent. Not the best bread pudding or gumbo  but the shrimp and grits were good.  Nice vibe in the place and good chill outside eating area.Always a soul and R'n'B soundtrack playing on the sound system, Melba's is right next to Wash World, which is where I go to do laundry.  They are under one management, apparently.
Clean, well lit, and well attended.  This is my go-to laundromat, and Melba's is next door if you want some soul food, or a nice 44 oz frozen daiquiri!
My only complaint is that the driers don't seem to get very hot, but in this climate, things just don't dry out easily!
Check in on Yelp, and get a free order of fries with that!Our 1st time eating crawfish! One of the male employees showed us how to eat the juicy, spicy, and salty crawfish. 
The gumbo was very flavorful with shreds of chicken & slices sausages. 
The Jambalaya was flavorful but a major disappointment . I personally could use less salt all the way around.   
The highlight and one thing I couldn't get enough of was the the yellow corn grits!! Soooo good with kernels. 
The customer service is the best. Of course, you can't beat southern hospitality.
Unfortunately, I didn't try any of the frozen drinks or fried foods...okra, chicken...Overall this place was pretty good considering the price point and convenience of being open 24 hours. 
Not overly impressed with the baked mac n cheese because it was kind of runny. The chicken tenders were pretty juicy and not over powered with batter (yay). 
Main reason I'm giving this place 3 stars as opposed to 4 is because they left out our jambalaya with our Togo order. 
My fianc and I really enjoyed the daq specials! The dirty banana daq was super delicious and only $5.50 for 32 ounces that evening!This is another place you should never go to if you are in a hurry. They forget about your order due to the amount of orders they receive. I assume conversing with guest isn't their expertise because they seem to avoid interaction with customers. The food is okay but it isn't what you would expect being that your friends, co workers, etc... always brag on the food. I think if they had a better ordering system, things would flow better.The food was okay, but the presentation was horrible (could be neater). They forgot some things I bought but you get a lot for the price; very affordable.Tonight was my first night in New Orleans, and Melba's was first on my list as I am staying right around the corner.  I had been in town for about an hour, and wanted to grab some fast and easy dinner.  I thought the Philly Voodoo Po boy (or girl, as it was the smaller size) sounded cool, and when I asked a staff member what was in it, I went for it. This wasn't something I would normally get (roast beef with onions), but since it's on the safer side and not tooo crazy (love the name) - I will try just about anything, as I am in New Orleans.
I was stoked that this place seemed to be well-liked by so many, and is super-close to my Airbnb.  When I got inside, I was even more pleased to see that they offer frozen daiquiris (which I had NO idea!)).  These were big on my list of things to have as they're just not a thing in Boston and they seem to be so big down in the South.  I had originally planned to go to a daiquiri place nearby but didn't bother since Melba's saved the day and I didn't have to anymore, so I was happy to save a trip.  Even better, Tuesdays also happen to be their $10 half gallon special, so I figured why the hell not!  (from what I remember on their huge menu board, every day they have some sort of special for daiquiris...hell yes!!).  Though this place already seemed so fairly priced (compared to Boston!), I am glad I was able to get even more for my money.  The 6 inch po boy I got was like 7 bucks and so filling, it was way more than enough for me to finish (I only ate half and took the rest home).  So far, the half gallon of frozen daiquiri has given me 2 small sized cups and I am halfway through.  I think it will yield at least 2 more.  So, about $18 total for booze and leftover food...I'll take it!
Being from Boston, daiquiris aren't a thing, never mind would it be to take them "to go"(exactly what I did, to later sip at my Airbnb (I got a mix of the 9th Ward and something else...all I remember was requesting something "fruity" and that was my recommendation).  Honestly this is much stronger than I expected - tastes like a shot ( was warned by the staff that they were strong but I hadn't quite anticipated THAT much so), but hey, it's a great value and I couldn't pass it up.  I got a good buzz going from those 2 cups (just make sure you drink lots of water as they are full of sugar...aka not a fun hangover)
Another great thing about this place is that the staff was super nice!  I talked to two young ladies around my age (most likely in their 20s) and the girl at the register who was especially nice - I definitely remember she said her name was Sarah (like me!).  She and the other girl answered the questions I had and told me about the daiquiri special, and made me feel at home and not like a dumb tourist (though I had accidentally walked off with the frozen daiquiri and had to go back for the po boy...LOL).  The girls were sweet and accommodating, making me fee at ease and wanting to come back.
I am thrilled this place is so close to me.  It was a breath of fresh air for me to be treated so nicely and not like an out of towner.  Next time I will try the prepared hot food, as the different types of chicken and meat looked sooooo good!  Thanks again for such a great experience!This place was so cool. You could get breakfast, lunch or dinner 24/7! They also have drink machines ( think 7 eleven slurpee machines) that are alcoholic beverages. This was a very unique late night stop. We stopped twice during our time in New Orleans.Everything was amazing. We left fat full and still had left overs. The place is small but the staff is friendly and the food was perfect!THE BEST POBOY in town. Great service, fun atmosphere and delicious!  Had the ham and cheese, want to go back and try others.Took 30 minutes for a sausage poboy, barley any crowd, my friend I was with waited close to 40 minutes for a catfish poboy. Don't quite understand what the hell the problem is. I didn't receive a receipt either, and I asked for a bread pudding and didn't get a receipt either, plus they didn't give me the bread pudding. Don't know if the chick at the counter was new. Seemed like it, other employees were correcting her the whole time. Horrid first experience. Will never go again unfortunately. Local resident as well. My hopes were so high too, brought two out of town friends and completely wasted our time.I mean it's Fast food for creole food. It's good while you doing laundry.... it's not a spot I will go out my ways to get. But they do have some decent eats. And pretty good price too. They also cater. Enjoy some Melba's while you doing laundry, it's bound to happen, it is also 24/7.Awesome, juicy, and tender crawfish cooked so well. You can really taste the soul in this food, definitely will be back when I come back to NOLA.Great place to eat, employees were friendly. We wanted some crawfish late at night and they were open 24hours. Only bad part was our crawfish wasn't hot,(last boil is at 9pm) but still wasn't bad that I got my fix at 1am .This place is amazing! Do your laundry, drab a bite and have a nola daiquiri all in the same place.Don't go here if you want to have a problem with your food or they're forgetting they have no French bread for their poor boys this is the second time I've had problems this time they didn't have French bread for the pool boys then they wanted to credit me instead of give me my money back worst place for lunch high pricesMy daughter recommended this spot for the large plates of delicious food and the daiquiri specials. I will say the food is very delicious, but the daiquiri is Da Bomb! $5.00 for a 32 oz on Sunday,  $1.00 12 oz on Monday. When you want a refreshing daiquiri for a great price avoid the Quarter and come on over to Melba's!Well now that I've been to Melba's I have a new laundry routine of ordering a po'boy and then eating while I watch my clothes wash.  Mebla's is adjacent to a laundromat next door and it's all the same building and owned by the same people.  You can order food and while you do your laundry they'll call your order over the intercom system when it's done.  I didn't try any of the daiquris, but they do a special on Thursdays for a 32 oz for $5.00, and Wednesday is $1 beer night.  I got the philly roast beef po'boy with fries on top and it came out hot and crunchy on fresh bread.  All in all it was a decent po'boy; the roast beef on it was good, but it wasn't as cheesy and melty as I wanted it to be.  I love what happens when the mayo, gravy, and other wet items on a roast beef po'boy mix together, but this po'boy just didn't do that.  
The laundromat portion is actually really clean with nice, well working and efficient washers.  All of the washers and dryers are front-load and they have the huge washers where I put two months worth of clothes in and there was still room for more!  My main gripe about this place though is the way you pay.  It's cash only* and they do no accept coins, instead you insert cash into a card machine, a card pops out and whatever money you entered is now on that card.  If you have any leftover money on this card though, you are not given a refund and there is a $1 deposit that you do not get back.  It was frustrating because I was down to my last cycle on the dryers with my towels and wanted to go another eight minutes, but my card ran out of cash and I did not feel like entering more than fifty cents into the money machine.  The dryers do work really well though and I found myself pulling clothes out after only 16 minutes on the medium cycle.  
*The laundry portion is cash only, but the food counter does accept cards.Nothing else like this place! You can order a delicious meal, have a few drinks, wash your clothes while dinning, and enjoy its sports bar like section for socializing. All of the flamboyant decor that embodies Nawlins culture; boy this place is a winner. The staff is delightful, with Piara being a drooling specimen of eye candy and Melba's own John Cena look alike that was serving my wife her drink. Gosh! He made me want to hit the gym. But the food had to have been marinated in MSG, LUV, or RESPECT. Because it was freaking beautiful. And along with the unbelievable prices. I'd be a victim of obesity and alcoholism within a week. This spot is a must when I return to NOLA; bar none.This place is such a gem on Elysian Fields.  Families, workers, singles, it is a very popular place for lunch and dinner.  The fried shrimp po-boy is tasty.  I got it dressed of course, and the pickles and tomatoes are crisp and bring out the yummy shrimps and mayo.  Good sizes and good prices.  The gumbo is solid.  If you can't have homemade, this place will work for you.  The roast beef is delicious.  The gravy is succulent.  Daquiris are well priced and refreshing after a day of painting.
Local artists show their stuff for sale within the restaurant, and instead of po-boys, their sandwiches are po-girls to highlight the economic disparity between this neighborhood and the French Quarter one mile down the  road.  Good food and good information and a good opportunity to support artists in the 7th Ward and St. Roch neighborhoods--all around good stuff.It's been my recent go-to for breakfast po'boys but today I made the terrible mistake of ordering my breakfast online. I placed the online order at 9:30am, planned pick up around 9:45am. When I arrived, the restaurant had not even checked for online orders. They placed my order at that time but then I waited 30 minutes to get my breakfast because the cook didn't know about online orders. Almost a dozen customers had ordered and left by the time I got my food. Please don't set up online ordering if you can't deliver the expected result, which is speed and efficiency. From beginning to end, it took 45 min to get my food which is not the way I want to start my Sunday. They did apologize for the delay but that doesn't change the time wasted and lost. I like Melba's food but in a city where there's plenty of delicious po'boys, I don't know if I'm inclined to return.We did a quick stop here on our road trip. The Mac n cheese is so tasty and they make it with long noodles which was a new twist for me. I have never really been a grits kind of girl but hot damn these grits were bomb! The fried shrimp was yummy too. Now the main reason for my review is the crawfish which happens to have been the very first time I ever tried it in my life! It was pretty good I was not skipping for joy over it but it was good. I took away a star because the parking is horrid and it's on a very busy street. Is it worth a stop every time we visit Nola YES! I just would probably not get the crawfish again. The grits, mac n cheese, and shrimp are worth another visit for sure though!The reason I'm helping is cause this place is so over $ to do ur wash. $2.39 a load. Crazy. Will not be back. The reason for the 5 Star is cause the place is very clean and the staff r great.I have passed this place numerous times and have always been curious abt it. One day when Sammys was too crowded, we decided to try Melbas. The menu upon first view is a bit overwhelming. Many options to choose from. Most of the food is set up cafeteria style. I opted for the fried shrimp on bun with gumbo. My bf chose the red beans with chicken and baked mac n cheese. We also got the two for one daiquiri special. My food was pretty darn tasty. Red beans were bland i thought. Cashier wasnt the most jovial but overall this is a good place to grab a quick bite. Value matches price.Great food the wings are the best in the city . Po boys are amazing also . Great seafood and sides . And don't forget about the daiquiris which are great tasting and reasonably priced.Loved this little Cajun hideaway!  A local favorite and great wide menu food and service.
Yes a restaurant attached to laundry mat and gas station is not the norm.   But food and service was wonderful.   We all got a little takes of excellent Cajun cooking!   Test it out.  I liked the bourbon chicken. The fried chicken wings are the best.
Crayfish was a favorite.   
But even small details like the fun atmosphere and names of drinks and food was nice.
A very busy place.
Go do it.First time in New Orleans and this was our first stop and the po'boys were delicious. We got the fried shrimp and the roast beef Po'boys and they were nicely seasoned and the bread was really fresh. The daiquiris are fantastic (if you're not a drinker, they might be a little strong). We will definitely come back here our next trip to New Orleans.Out of towner who was told by stewardess on airplane to go to Melba's, it was so good I took a cab there twice. Tried parts of 4 different po'boys between the 2 trips, thank god a local told me to get the spicy sausage po'boy before the 2nd time. All the different po'boys were great but the spicy sausage one was really a something. The corn grits were also really a something. This place is just fantastic and a great deal for the prices, which are reasonable.  I will go back to New Orleans, hopefully sooner rather than later, and I'll probably stop at Melba's twice again!The wings, bread pudding, and green beans are consistently good. The grilled shrimp Po'girl was okay, nothing special, but definitely filled me up.  
The people watching is top notch & its open 24/7.Everything about this place was so good! The chicken! The red beans and rice were EVERYTHING! Line long but worth the wait. The cornbread is sweet just like I like it. I came back here before i got on the road and this food put me right to sleep! I can't wait to go back!I just wished they offered sliced lemons to customers. We ordered the po boys, gumbo, sausage, mac and cheese and jambalaya. I was disappointed because they were out of crawfish.ABDOLUTELY love this place...late night, broad daylight, don't matter...you say Melba's and I'm likeCorn grits and Mac n cheese are a must when doing laundry! Machines are always clean. Staff is friendly. I won't go anywhere else!I went in to Melbas for the first time tonite around 3am. There wasnt that many people there so i was able to place my order relatively quickly. The girl at the register , Valvar, was very nice and courteous. i ordered the Shrimp po-boy dressed with a 20oz XTC daiquiri to go. I waited about 15 mins for the Shrimp poboy which i didnt mind waiting for esp since this place
is open 24hrs a day and a kind of treasure to find late night when youre really hungry and dont want to eat any fast food, The shrimp poboy tasted so fresh and good. Although i highly doubt i got 30 shrimp(s) on it as advertised but i WILL say those shrimp were ON POINT taste wise. Also,that XTC daiquri, soooo good! Get it,i guarantee it you will chill with it :) I SHALL RETURN to Melbas!Shrimp poboy was good, Daiquiri was very tasty , I would get it again. The gumbo looked good but was not tasty as I thought it would be. Overall a good place to eat with multiple items to pick fromTook forever to get. For-ev-er. (And I am a patient person).
Food was okay. I've had better honestly. Gumbo was watery. I was disappointed. Additional charges too. 
BUT- it was open late so that was definitely helpful. I'd try it again.Had the ribs...great!
Had the philly voodoo. My bf loved it!
If back in New Orleans will def come here. Small off the beaten path.Get the grilled shrimp Po Boy with butter and grilled onions!!! The bread was fresher than other Po Boys I have had in town! This place is bustling at all hours!! I had a shorter wait than expected for my food. When you have a late night craving for Po Boys this should be your spot. They have daiquiris too. They have other hot food, but I would stick with the Po Boys. Parking can be difficult.I eat here multiple times a week. The 9th ward gumbo is the best I've had in the city. My favorite restaurant in New Orleans hands DOWN!I like Melba's.  I've only been to this newer remodeled location twice.  Once was for yogurt which i don't think they have anymore.  Today I went for crawfish.  Price was good, seafood market rates.   Seasoning was very good, but if I'm being picky, they were a little overcooked.  It did the trick for my crawfish fix though.  I added the potatoes and corn for a couple dollars.  I would go again before going to the grocery or a sit down overpriced restaurant.  Now I need to try the poboys.4 stars for the food, it's amazing. I really love the corn grits and as a mom, I have a soft spot for a place to reward parent and kid for good grades! That being said this was my second time visiting. I came for the food and had slightly higher expectations for the customer service since the last time I came here was at 4am. 
Boy was I wrong. I was overly nice, smiled, and was very polite, even gave a generous tip with not even a smile from the girl taking my order. Not only that, but she didn't tell me where to wait. I figured it out and went to where I was supposed to wait on the "daiquiri" side. I walked over there and heard someone yell something that sounded something like my name. I asked what she said and a different woman told me very coldly "Chris" and when I said "I thought you said Kristina" she rolled her eyes and walked away. 
About 15 minutes later I see people who were behind me in line get their food, so I asked about the "Chris" order again and asked what it was and she said she couldn't tell me unless I was Chris. So I found my receipt and showed her, sure enough it was mine. 
It was worth the wait for the corn grits, but I was disheartened by the experience.I am visiting from the west coast.  My best friend says you must try Melbas. I am in love with the corn grits I never had em made like that you must try Melbas if you are a tourist it's a gem hidden away from the quarter. I wish there was one in California.First time in New Orleans, and got to experience my first po'boy here! Fish and shrimp po'boy with a 32oz daiquiri for $18.  Very fresh, tasty, and filling. They had some TVs showing the football game and both indoor and outdoor seating.The food at Melba's is good. I can not deny that BUT the wait if you're ordering late night, takes a while. You can always just do that grab and go type stuff but if you want something fresh & it's late night, be prepared to wait about 20 minutes. The red beans rice is LIFE but the poboys are alright, not the best in New Orleans I can guarantee that.$9 for a 44 oz daiquiri.  We had enough food leftover to last days.  Wings and crawfish were hits.  Jambalaya and corn grits were pretty solid.  Everyone was cool.  No rush no problem.Great food at all hours of the day. Where else can you get a rib plate at 2 am. Large menu fast service.If you dont mind 30+ minute wait times (after standing in long lines), and IF the cashier gets your order right (they dont do well with custom orders), and if you dont mind slightly higher price tags, the food is usually pretty good. Also, crawfish slightly above average quality, just not as big as you'd wish. Worth going at least once.Slow service today after the Saints game. One person was working the ordering counter, others were on break and bagging food and after being told to do so, another person jumped on the register. The food is tasty, I like the large seating area. Plenty of room to enjoy the food and bar. 44 oz daiquiri was $7 -- only on Thursdays and Sunday's. Nice treat after the Saints got their butts kicked.We really wanted to try a local creole or poboy given we drove from VA. Honestly am not sure why this place is popular, its a lot of shallow fish /red meat or fried stuff. The beans were unappetizing. Its a less cleaner version of Mc Donalds. Overall this type of food is not what we like to eat, so maybe we should not have gone there in the first placeWe stopped in at Melba's for lunch today and oh my God. Everything I thought I knew about red beans & rice has been a lie up until this point - just grab a gallon of their red beans & rice and call it a day. Seriously! 
We ordered a few pounds of crawfish, gumbo, mac & cheese, tenders & a chicken po boy. No complaints, at all.
The decor and vibe is so positive. There's many articles on the walls that tell the backstory of the place. The staff is super friendly, too. We were greeted by the owner and he took great care of us. He even gave us all cool Melba's bandannas.  I'll be back.....Food was good. Minus the fight that almost broke out because our order got confused; but the cashier was super cool. Expected them to comp our meals but nope. Food wasn't that great but good.Hands down my favorite daiquiri spot in the city. I cannot tell you how much they know my life by having daily specials. I can admit that I stayed away from this place my first year of living here. What was I thinking you might ask. I heard and saw all the hype online so I was thinking it had to an another tourist spot that actually wasn't anything special. WRONG! It is very much a special place and the only place in the city that you can wash clothes and get GOOD food and drinks at any hour of the day. I haven't had everything they offer because I usually head straight for the daqs but the dishes I have had were great. They are very consistent too so it isn't one of those spots that have different flavor profiles depending on which chef is there that day. When you're heading leaving the 7th ward going towards the 8th ward or beyond stop by and give them a shot. You can even order online if you're in a hurry because there is always a line.Food is good and very inexpensive.  And open 24/7, which works for me.  The poboys are too notch.  As are the daiquiris.Great place for some take-away Cajun/Creole food while you do your laundry. Food is good, and definitely helps the clock pass as you wait for your clothes to dry out. Bargain prices and a great selection of dishes. They also have a daiquiri bar inside as well. Worth a visit if you are doing laundry in the area. Don't forget to try their grits!