This place came highly recommended from some family that has been here many times. Service was fast and friendly even though they were extremely busy. Food was very tasty with mostly basic fare for breakfast.  The Cajun tasso omelet was fantastic. Not too spicy but just enough. Hash browns were fluffy and delicious. Other food at the table was French toast and eggs over medium. Everybody left satisfied and full. Will def come back for more next visit.Great place for lunch in NOLA. Love their fried chicken, and the red beans and rice is yummy too. It's a staple on our trips to town. Staff is friendly and attentitve and prices are great.I ate like a Queen!  A breakfeast Queen- and I was treated like one too...Eggs were so fresh and home fries too, they must have a farm behind the kitchen.  Great CoffeeeeThe place for breakfast while in New Orleans.  Food is fantastic and served hot.
Staff friendly.
More locals frequent than tourists.For some reason this place makes me feel like I am on the set of the Wonder Years every time I eat there. The décor is busy and outdated and the food is damn good! It is a quick soulful lunch that you can finish for under $10 and in less than an hour. Always a good range of characters from businessmen, quarter workers, and tourist who aren't corny and want a decent cheap meal. You won't be ripped off here and the food will stick to your ribs and soak up your current or ever-looming hangover.Hard to mess up eggs...food was good. Service was very friendly. Reasonably priced.
Could be a little cleaner. It took the term hole in the wall a little too literally.Had breakfast here. The food was really tasty. We had the omelette and a side of grits. The only problem was that when we went to the restroom we saw into the kitchen. It looked absolutely filthy. As for the restroom itself- it was also disgusting. Had I have seen this before I had eaten, I may not have. It's now 24 hrs later and we didn't get sick, but they really need to clean up a bit back there.We came in due to a locals recommendation and were a little nervous about trying it because it was dead, there was no one inside!  The food was hot and tasty and definitely inexpensive.   The server was Irish and extremely helpful and attentive.  I had the Cajun tasso which is a smoked meat.  We also had the andouille and smoked sausage which were very good.  Pancakes were nice and fluffy, which I love.Great food and relaxed atmosphere! I can tell this is a locals favorite & boy was I glad we went! We ordered the Muffalato sandwich, chicken gyro, & tuna salad with potato salad. All were delicious!!I ate here 2 years ago for breakfast based off the suggestion from a local. I ordered a Bloody Mary and omelette. The omelette was stuffed full of hair. I'm talking pube sandwich. I'm only writing this review now because I have a friend visiting soon and I had to search this place out to ensure he didn't go! Worst food experience (nightmare) I've ever had.After alot of drinking and your body is in need of food , this place is a must , had the baked chicken with dirty rice and cold beet salad , comfort food,your body will feel better.....This was the worst stop of my entire trip. No room to sit, and please don't use the bathroom. Its a 2x2 sweat box from the kitchen and you couldn't move sideways in there if you wanted to. They false advertise for half of their menu. Example:
"Ham and cheese omelet with your choice of toast, bagel or grits, 2.99"
Wow "Ill take it you reply." You get your bill 10.00. Scratching your head you ask "how that could be?" The answer, the cheese cost a 1.00 the bread 3.00 and so on. Shoot I'm surprised they didn't charge for the egg too. To top it off the food tasted like s#$% ran over twice. I could cook a better breakfast if I was drunk on bourbon st. Honestly, service was crap, it took two hours for a Dennys breakfast and it was off a street I couldnt even find. LAMEWe love getting breakfast here at Mena's Palace when we stay in NOLA. The size of breakfast plate is perfect. Then just skip lunch. When I ordered my cranberry juice I wasn't ready for the small can, but my grits with cheese tasted awesome. Until the next breakfast.Good food fast.  A bit pricey, but it is the Quarter.  Friendly staff, kinda off the beaten path.When visiting New Orleans stop by Mena's Palace for some great food, delicious coffee. The prices are reasonable & the waitress are very friendly.Somehow this place was listed as one of the best places to get breakfast in the French Quarter. Whoever wrote that must have been on crack, this place is awful.
The service was ridiculously slow even though the restaurant appeared to have more than adequate staffing. The food was awful too, they couldn't even cook my eggs properly. The grits sucked and the sausage patties were about the size of a half dollar and you only get 2. They also were very obviously frozen, probably what you get at grocery store except when I make them they're not as dry as can be. My friends had equally awful food, including the very very bad pancakes one barely ate because of it.
Please do not go here, I can assure there are many other great breakfast spots around, keep on walking.I was really happy with this place. After going to Camelia's for breakfast the morning previous and getting rude service, this place was a haven. We had a nice server. The food was brought out fast and my coffee was refilled with a smile. 
The food was decent. I had no complaints about it. I had an omelet with hash browns, kind of hard to screw that up.A great local diner for those on the go. They take regular breakfast items and add a small bit of local flavor to it. While it won't be a memorable dining experience when I look back on my trip, it definitely got the job done.This is a very quaint establishment and is located in the French Quarter. We arrived in NOLA around 530am. 
Some people went off in search for IHOP!  Really!?  Not me!!
 I went to a real establishment. It was a quick and easy walk here. We met the cook who was waiting on the proprietor to open up. We therefore took advantage of this opportunity and sought out his advice on several menu items. He told us about the favorites that the locals ordered. Better yet, he gave us descriptions of their ingredients and directed us towards the local flavors.
The place opens at 7am but the owner (Mena) let us in at 0630a. We were offered coffee while the kitchen was getting started up. Mena was telling us that she has been here since 1973 when her father bought the place. This city has a lot of history to it. The buildings are brick and look pretty stout. With all the news that was blasted all over the U.S. about hurricane Katrina, it was suprising to hear that Katrina did not damage this building. Mena told us that this building is situated above sealevel. This is what saved it. Many other parts of NOLA are not.
I can eat breakfast anytime of the day or night. There are many choices on the menu to choose from. With excellent guidance from the person who will prepare the meal. I decided to order the Cajun Tasso Omlette with hash browns and toast ($10). This was a very good choice.
The grits are very good here. Knowing that my wife would pilfer my hashbrowns, I felt absolutely no guilt whatsoever procuring her grits. Understandably, she made known her disdain for my actions by eating more of my hash browns. We had a great time.
This is a good place. My wife and I were the only tourists in there, the rest were locals.  I guess having our luggage piled up nearby was a clear givaway. This is a real find. Food was great and the service was very good.
75/100excellent breakfast -and great attentive service. eggs and hash browns, nice atmosphere.We stumbled in here randomly to grab lunch and were blown away with the food. Everything we got was excellent - from the first bite to the last it was great!I had the crabcakes and everything about the whole experience felt like I was in a hobo nursing home with bland food & terrible decor. Flavorless, great for grandparents with dead taste buds. I regret spending my lunch here... at least service was fast and my waitress super attentive.Move along. This place is a very greasy spoon. The toast wasn't toasted. The poached eggs were over cooked. The sausage was truly inedible. Don't waste a meal in Nola on this place.Small restaurant with big flavors. This was our last morning in New Orleans and Mena's didn't disappoint.Well, in my first review I said we would return. And we did. It is still a dive, and the place is still packed. I am ugrading my rating because our breakfast was outstanding. Modest, but outstanding. My eggs tasted fresh. The hash browns were excellent, not the typical fried but more like baked. And the place is cheap. A real steal. I am not sure that it is a "palace," but if you want good food for a great price, it would be hard to do better than this place.Great breakfast and the friendliness of the staff was spectacular. Thanks !  it. We always make this quaint location one of our many stops when we visit The French  Quarter!Great place for a good, hearty meal. Visited Mena's while on vacation in new Orleans and was one of the best places we found to eat. Highly recommended is you want good food at a good price with great service.Plain food at a good price.  This place was suggested by the concierge at our hotel.  I have to say, sometimes the people at the front desk are wrong.  We asked for a place to get good grits.  They sent us here, saying locals who work in the area eat here.
That is probably true, because it is affordable and fast, and the employees are very nice.  However, food was just meh.  My "omelet" was actually scrambled eggs with some sausage in it, not much of an omelet.  I saw something go past that looked like Salisbury steak that reminded me of the food in my high school cafeteria.  
Good if you're in a hurry and need an inexpensive meal, but not really representative of the level of food available in New Orleans.Excellent spot for your basic breakfast done well.  Same goes for lunch-- casual and tasty.  Great cheerful service, nice people, and everyone from construction workers to tourists to office dressed locals.  It didn't seem pricey, especially compared to a hotel breakfast.  You want fancy and a million choices? Go somewhere else.Simple breakfast food that is simply delicious. Great little diner. Service was quick. Nice place to stop in and catch a quick meal.The only thing worse than my food was seeing the massive cockroaches running across the back wall by the kitchen door ... i wouldnt recommend this place to ANYONE!It's a small place that fills up fast but the omelets are so worth it. The hash browns aren't what I'm used to in Texas, but they are delicious! 
Overall, worth the wait when it's busy and the food is amazing.Great breakfast that sticks your bones and helps hangover recovery! Eggs, meat and potatoes cooked perfectly! Staff warm and inviting, definitely small town feel in the middle of French QuarterFrench Quarter dive, easily accessible from the CBD.
Don't expect haute cuisine.  Some of their dishes are great, I personally love their muffaletta (though a true muffaleta, it is not).
Their ingredients tend to be on the cheap side.  It is relatively inexpensive overall.We were seated immediately, the prices are somewhat reasonable. Great atmosphere, good service, the veal parm was very good, the roast beef was delightful, the fries were ok, and the gumbo was disappointing. The grilled cheese wasn't that great and it was $6 (doesn't come with a side). Other than that, I was satisfied. I would come back if I had to. Also, in a city that hates to split checks and use multiple cards, they were very accommodating for our party by splitting our check.This is a quintessential Quarter diner for me. It's a must visit for breakfast every time we visit New Orleans. I've had the most perfectly poached eggs every time.  Nothing fancy, just classic diner breakfast fare done right.This is one of those places I really hate reviewing because I'm going to have to give it an excellent review and more people will come and more people will love and it'll get more crowded... vicious circle :)
Seriously. The breakfast here was very good, prices very good and right in the French Quarter. 
I had the breakfast sandwich with eggs, cheese and bacon on french bread. OK, this was a splittable sandwich, really.  I coaxed my partner into eating some of it but his breakfast was even larger.  He had two eggs, 4 peices of toast, a large hunk of sausage and hash browns.  Everything is made to order and with nothing was prepared food from Sysco!
We left FULL and saved $$ that day because lunch was out and dinner was light, so when you get some food and you pay a good price and you eat everything because it tastes good and end up full then that is value!
We will definitely come back and try lunch too.I ordered a turkey sandwich and baked macaroni and cheese. The turkey was shredded and DRY. The macaroni and cheese was awful. It was powder tasting with a glob of Velveeta trying to cover up the awful flavor.  I will not order from them again.Old school diner with N'Orleans flair. Waitresses that you sweetheart and eggs done the way you like the. Ain't no frilly fancy stuff here. Solid breakfast. Coming back for a PO boy. The make their own olive spread for the MuffalettaGreat place for a quick lunch.  The sandwiches were great.  I got the dressed sausage po boy.  Bread had a good crispy crust that was fresh and tasty with a soft moist crumb.  The sausage was well cooked and flavorful.  Pickles were tangy and crunchy.
Did not much care for the french fries, standard potato fries not as crispy as like.
I would keep this on my short of list of lunch places, however due to small size I would probably tend to do take out more often.had eaten breakfast at Mena's before and it was wonderful-great food , great prices and great service.  back this  time for lunch and it was even better.   My wife had the thursday special of veal cutlet, lima beans w/ rice and beet salad-based on my extensive sampling , her meal was very good.  I had the hot roast beef po boy fully dressed and came away raving. 
its a small place but full of locals.  close to the canal st area and the quarter.We stumbled upon this place and were able to get in with only a five minute wait.  Wonderful choice for breakfast, great food and the best waitress my husband have had in years!!!
Megan was very busy, it being a Saturday morning, but she was efficient, didn't appear to be in a hurry nor frazzled and gave us great service!  She kept our drinks filled, was prompt and did it all with a genuine smile and cheery attitude.On our Vacation from Miami, we found this cute spot and we ate here everyday.  The staff is SO WARM AND FRIENDLY.  Breakfast is awesome and I was addicted to their scrumptious NOLA tasting coffee.  Do yourselves a favor and step inside for some great cooking.  Downside they only open until 3pm.Lively diner in the heart of the french quarter. Lots of locals inside. That aspect of it was fun.
But I'm not sure why this place gets good reviews. None of the people in my group liked the food. We came here for breakfast. My pancakes were average and came with fake syrup and margarine instead of butter, both in little packages. One of us ordered eggs over medium and they were not over medium. The little round sausage patties were dry and overcooked. The coffee was awful too but I pretty much expect that from a diner. 
There are too many great places to eat breakfast in the quarter to waste time on this place. Maybe they have good lunch or dinner but I wouldn't return here for breakfast.Came here for breakfast after a night out. I had the double egg sandwich with bacon plus a side of grits. The other ladies had the veggie omelet, and western omelet. It didn't take long for the food to arrive. I enjoyed my sandwich and my side of grits were truly a side of grits. 
The western omelet was good. The mix is already made so don't ask for it with no tomatoes. Just pick them out. Our waitress was very pleasant and attentive. She made sure our glasses stayed full and we didn't want for anything. This place may be small, but the love is here. It seems like everybody knows everyone and they just break out in conversation. Very popular and people were flooding in and out. I would love to return to this place and recieve the same awesome service I got before.Food no better then I HOP. In fact the home fries were bake potato chunk reheat almost.  Service was quick and ok. Save some money and go to McDonald'sHad a late breakfast here on my last day in Mew Orleans and was completely satisfied. Service was friendly, my food didnt take long and was really good. I had a westerm omelet with grits and both were delicious. Will def return on future visits to the city.You'll know when you arrive that this is a local place.  No tourists and that's good because many local places have been dumbing down their food to please the tourists.  Not so at Mena's. It's good food.  Simply prepared with love.  And you can have a cocktail with your eggs.  That's certainly different.  Cheers.What an absolutely delicious breakfast! 
We stopped at Mena's for a quick breakfast and I found myself not wanting to leave. I ordered the Andouille omelette with the hashbrowns.
Their hashbrowns  are so crispy and hardy. So good. We will definitely be coming back here on our next visit. 
The staff was attentive and kind. 
Loved It!Excellent breakfast. The coffee was hot and very flavorful. Helped warm us up during the cold weather. We walked right in were attended right away. The portion size is huge so I would recommend sharing if you can. My coffee never got to less than half a cup before it was refilled again. I had scrambled eggs, grits with cheese and a pancake. My boyfriend had the French toast. We have no complaints at all.Every thing is out of the box or bag. Unfriendly service. Food tastes exactly like McDonalds , but you pay a lot more.Great if you are looking for a good traditional diner breakfast.The portions are huge, food is tasty and prices are reasonable . We ordered red beans and rice with sausage, chilli cheese fries and meatball poboyThis restaurant was by far the best experience I had while visiting New Orleans. My friends and I were having the worst experiences with food establishments from the first day we got to New Orleans. Tired and worn down we almost just went to McDonalds for Breakfast. I'm so glad we didn't. Joyful and professional the waitstaff was amazing, specifically our waitress Robin. Our food was delicious and brought to us in a timely manner. While also being kept updated on the status on what else we had ordered. We will be returning before we leave because a great experience is priceless. Thank you for reinvigorating our food experience in Nola Robin! 11/10This was my first meal upon arrival in the French Quarter of New Orleans. It is in a great location with great décor. Fairly busy on an early-in-the-week weekday for a late breakfast or early lunch. I had a nice friendly waitress who brought me as much water as I could drink whenever I wanted it and a nice friendly smile indicative of the crescent city's southern hospitality. I wanted to order one of the iconic Louisiana Kitchen type meals so my first choice was the Gumbo but I was urged to try the Red Beans with Rice and Andouille Sausage. It was delicious sausage flavored with mysterious spices that I will probably learn more about as I explore more Cajun Cooking.. Eat here. It is affordable with great food for the money.Being from New Orleans, was surprised that I was going into a place, found on Yelp, that I had passed a million times! I got the Vegetable Omelette with grits, and it was all pretty good. I think it's the vibe of the place that is so amazing. And maybe the dinner menu, too. The Bloody Mary was great, but it had no veggies which is my favorite part! Overall,  4 stars and most of that is for service!It was the last day of the year. That plus the sugar bowl game crowd had NOLA fully booked. Had planned to go to Jimmy J's for breakfast but the line was looking like 45 minutes and it was cold outside. Next door, Daisy Duke's had a shorter line, but reviews were not as good and simply looked like a tourist trap. A bit seedy too. Not the type of place I want when traveling with kids.  
This other breakfast joint had a much nicer ambiance than either of the other two places and only one more party waiting for a table. 
Service was good and very attentive with the kids. The food was freshly made and honest. Nothing too fancy but very satisfying. A good alternative that any local would surely recommend over the other two places.Wandered in here by chance when all the other yelp places I wanted for breakfast were either closed on Saturday(in the business district), or too expensive.  Was passing by, it was packed, prices were decent for a full breakfast so I went in.  The last table available table was going to a woman waiting.  She told me she was dining solo so she was okay with sharing the table.  I accepted her gracious offer because the entire restaurant was packed and my stomach couldn't take it any longer.  I ordered the two eggs any style with hash browns, bacon and toast with some orange juice.  The wait for the food wasn't  too long considering how packed they were.  My eggs were fried hard like I asked, but not burnt, bacon was Delish and the hash browns were so tasty.   Hot sauce and other relevant condiments on the table.   Waitress was quick and efficient.  Solid place to have breakfast for less than $15.00.  The omelettes looked good but I thought it would be too much food for me.  I ate at 10am and I'm still full at 4:48pm.  Thanks Mena's Palace.This place reminds me of a small and quaint coffee shop. It has a a feel of family. The food is great. I had breakfast here both days in Nola. Wait time isn't ridiculous and the food comes FAST. Like seriously fast. 
Bloody Mary drinks with Titos vodka are super. 
Spicy sausage...one word, SAVORY. If you like spicy foods please order it! 
I was able to taste the catfish and grits. Fish was really good. I had a veggie omelet the first day...yum. Second day I went simple with the two eggs, cheese grits and toast but added spicy sausage. 
Do yourself a favor and visit this place. Plus they have a full bar! Start your day in Nola here...Awesome food.  Mainly locals which tells you how good it is.  Red beans and rice were out of this world.  Eat here!Came here because the line at Jimmy J's was too long. What we found was simple and delicious food. Their fried chicken is good. The dollar white meat up charge is worth it. The hot sausage po boy is tasty as well. Jade was very sweet and honest about menu questions. We found the southern hospitality we were looking for here at Mena's.Food was fair. Damn sure not worth the wait !!
The people next to us who ordered after us left before their food was served. 
Our party of 4, well, everyone's food came out at different times. 
Waitress had an attitude. 
Overall experience; SUCKED !!Awesome cure for the inevitable hangover.  Best sausage EVER.  Old school diner feel all the way.Hidden gem. Breakfast is really good. Grits are smooth. Mixed vegetables were really good. Fries are home made and good. Food is seasoned well. Visited by locals. No wait.Love this place. The  staff is down home friendly and the food is your mama's home cooking! The rice and gravy, bloody mary's, and bacon are some of my fav's!This is my first time in New Orleans. We originally were going to go to Jimmy J's for breakfast but the line was superlong so we kept going down the street and found Mena's Palace. The staff was so friendly and hospitable. They have great grits and nice omelette choices. I would highly recommend.Had lunch at Mena's Palace 2/26/14, day of the Nyx parade. Had one of the specials : Salisbury steak with a *mountain* of mashed potatoes & gravy, small side salad with bleu cheese dressing, and 2 cups of coffee. If I wore a belt, I'd have to loosen it a notch. I could taste garlic in the steak, and didn't have to use salt at all. Yay for well seasoned food!  Small place, was packed when I got there. I'd go back, hear their fried chicken is good.Great service. I had the number 1, eggs poached,  bacon, hashbrown on wheat. The eggs seemed old and lacked flavour. The hashbrown was just regular potato that was a little too mushy for my liking. Standard American coffee but was nice. Was fine for what I paid. I think a omelette would have been a better option.Best lunch deal around, and the food was fantastic. If you're looking for something off-the-beaten path in the French Quarter, this is the place I'd recommend.
A couple of notes -- I don't know if it was just when we were there, but Mena's was only opened for lunch and breakfast. Also, the restaurant is kind of small, so there can be a bit of a wait, usually in the doorway, for a table.Wonderful cafe in an old world charm building.  Great breakfast stop and home fried chicken is a lunch you need to try!We came here for breakfast bc we did not want to pay for overpriced hotel breakfast food.
The place was small and relatively charming - most of the places in the French Quarter have that quality, but it felt a little bit dingy (like the FQ as well)  
We ordered Greek omelettes (one with feta and one without)... they got both without.  They redid my order, but it too awhile and ..well, i really wanted my food ASAP.
The coffee creamer (half and half) was already on the table with 1/2 veg oil butter and some jams.  I needed non-dairy alternative that was also gluten-free... no luck.
my friend wanted alternative sweeteners, but they didn't seem to have much.
The orders for toast went to the wrong people.. and everything was just kind of like.. a carefree environment more than.. business.  I get Southern hospitality and some more of a laid-back experience, but this might have been too much so.
The potatoes were good, the eggs were good... just needed more service.Breakfast here is great. Good omelets, pancakes, grits. And the service is excellent. Very good coffee. Has all the basics and can order meals or a la carte. Also has a full bar.Very friendly staff. Pretty good food. Sloooooooowwwww kitchen. But it is NOLA after all, so you should take things at a more leisurely pace anyway. To make up for that, enjoy a Bloody Mary or two. They were amazing. House made and with a kick. Seriously. Really good. They're bringing this from 3 stars to 4.This restaurant was by far the best experience I had while visiting New Orleans. My friends and I were having the worst experiences with food establishments from the first day we got to New Orleans. Tired and worn down we almost just went to McDonalds for Breakfast. I'm so glad we didn't. Joyful and professional the waitstaff was amazing, specifically our waitress Robin. Our food was delicious and brought to us in a timely manner. While also being kept updated on the status on what else we had orderedWe will be returning before we leave because a great experience is priceless. Thank you for reinvigorating our food experience in Nola Robin!I wouldn't really call Mena's a palace, per se, but I'm kind of guessing that if it came right down to it and they found themselves cross-examined, they probably wouldn't term it that either. What this place is, definitively, is a local diner, teeming with regulars, and good cheer and some storytelling mixed in for good measure. 
Maybe in that order and just perhaps, maybe not. 
Either way you shake it, I ended up here when another lunch timed out due to a characteristic New Orleans squall, and I soon found myself face first into a plate of fried chicken. They do specials by the bucket load here, and it's pretty likely that you'll encounter a room full of locals. I sat next to a six top that included one gentleman so advanced in years that you could have watched him sit via time lapse photography. This, of course, didn't deter the cheery hostess who knew him by name. That table showed one another lots of photos, told all sorts of stories, and I soaked up what I could. 
Prices a pretty cheap and you're a salt shaker away from the Monteleone, so if you have business there like I did, doesn't take long to get back. In a pinch, a hearty bite I needed.Good catfish, delicious Cajun tasso omelet and tasty muffaletta. Only open for breakfast and lunch, limited seats.I just had the best meal I've had in two months from Mena's! The Chicken Reganato is a Tuesday special... Too bad they don't have it all the time! The Greek style chicken was falling off the bone tender & the roasted potatoes were delicious! It has a real Mediterranean flavor, lemony, with hints of oregano... I'll be back for this dish! Mena's doesn't have a big name down here like some other big restaurants, so I'm glad I discovered this hidden gem!Old school diner with N'Orleans flair. Waitresses that you sweetheart and eggs done the way you like the. Ain't no frilly fancy stuff here. Solid breakfast. Coming back for a PO boy. The make their own olive spread for the MuffalettaQuality & Southern hospitality. They're conveniently located 4 blocks from Ritz & Marriott off Iberville. We got there early before they were even open at 6:30 & the friendly host was kind enough to let us in early so we can have coffee instead of standing out in the cold.  There were 9 of us & everyone loved their food. I noticed everything was made from scratch & you can definitely taste the quality. I will definitely go back next time.Full breakfast hit the spot here.  A little pricey but worth the extra money for real home cooking.  My bill inluding coffee and oj was $20 after tipping.  Hash browns a little light and very tasty.  Only toasted bread is white or wheat.  Sausage were fresh patties.I have been going to Mena's for over 30 years.  It is a must stop for me anytime I am in New Orleans.  It is unpretentious, affordable and now, under the stewardship of the second generation, surprisingly hip.  Best of all, the food hasn't changed.  Some of the best gumbo and Red Beans and Rice I have ever had.  Both are ones I strive to replicate in my home kitchen.  The homemade Italian salad dressing is stand out.  They still have the daily "blue plate" specials reminiscent of when they were in their original location and the pace felt more like a neighborhood diner.  The staff still has much of that old school vibe..."Can I get ya' anything else, darling?" The service is fast & friendly, the portions are large and its downright cheap.  The breakfast is outstanding and now, they have a bar.  Bonus!This was not the worst breakfast we've ever had, but we paid a lot for some pretty disappointing food. The pancakes were gummy, the eggs were very greasy, the sausages were tough little pucks of pepper, the hash browns were dry and bland. Skip this place.Just happened upon this place. Great service, decent price for what I had. Ordered a grilled chicken salad added egg, cucumbers and bacon bits. Just wish they had homemade ranch dressing. No one in this city seems to have it though. The salad was so big I had to get a to go box and half it before I could even start eating it.Great people! Good food!  The cheese sticks were awesome. Floor was so clean you could eat off of it.  Awesome!We went to Mena's for breakfast. First thing you notice is someone meets you at the door just to say "hello and welcome"--to everyone who comes in!  The omelets were good; not exceptional in size, taste, contents or presentation. Cheese was supposed to be cheddar but looked like "American". The tasso inside my omelet was "on the light side". Try the bacon instead.  It's thick sliced and flavorful. Fried potatoes were fresh and tasty. I should have asked for onions in them. Coffee was topped-off and strong=great!  Breakfast for 4 was $50 which is steep for the portions.  All-in-all, a good friendly, neighborhood atmosphere with average breakfast fare. I'd go back for sure simply because I liked the place.Loved this little hole in the wall not far from our hotel. We arrived just before noon so had lunch. The shrimp remounted salad that my friend had was super! Fried tomatoes and really good sauce.  
I had the small order of fried oysters. It had 7 oysters, good hand cut fries and a small salad not worth remembering! It was boring.
Monday is red beans and rice with sausage or chicken. My hubby had the sausage and it was good, too.  The $5 Bloody Mary was pretty good, too.Great breakfast.  The previous day we waited in line down the street because the reviews for this establishment were less than desirable.  So today we decided to check it out as the experience of others was not a concern when you need hangover breakfast fast.  Mena's Palace delivered an exceptional great breakfast and superb service.  Just thought we would share our great experience.Warning: this review speaks as to breakfast here only, which I had two days in a row. I upgraded from 3 stars to 4 based on the second day, since the first day we ate here they only had white toast and no straws. As far as eating breakfast in the French Quarter, I found the food to be good and the prices reasonable. There is not a huge selection but if you are just looking for a good ol' fashioned American breakfast (aka what I call, "good hangover food") Mena's is fine. The omelette was tasty, they had wheat toast the second day (but no rye, unfortunately) and the only deviation I made from day one to two was grits vs. hash browns. Both were excellent. There is also a full bar if you want a Bloody Mary with your grub. It's not very big inside but has a sort of old world diner feel.This place always seems to be packed (at least on weekends, which is when I've been there).
My top choice? Mufelatta sandwich is very hot and tasty and very nicely put together... Great breakfast items as well...
The waitresses here are all jewels... hard workers and super friendly...If you like a down home New Orleans feel, this is the place!  Wonderful staff, great food, do not miss it!This is a no frills breakfast and lunch joint.  It gets rather crowded and it's a bit tight inside.  But the food is great.Fantastic breakfast !! Bloody Mary was amazing....  Half the price of the hotel restaurants and better food.... I had the Cajun Tasso omelette....  It was very good!A well-run local hangout.  
   The shrimp salad is incredible. And it comes with breaded tomato slices. A++This was recommended for a late breakfast. @1300hrs.
I had the baked chicken and dirty rice. All home made and really great.
Cops and city workers were eating here so ya know its good.Should have gone by my gut feeling... Having driven by the place numerous times trying to find parking for work (I bartend on Bourbon), and noting how dingy and depressing it looked, I should have opted out when the other bartender wanted to have breakfast delivered. Granted it was delivery and not fresh from the kitchen, but ughhh. I was very disappointed. Ordered a Greek Omelet with grits and wheat toast. I'm giving out 1 star only on the grits, they were decent. However, the omelet was just bad. Consisted of a few spinach leaves and tomato. No Feta, no cheese of any kind actually, and when I opened the container it smelled rank. Took a few bites, thinking maybe I was wrong and my nose was decieving me. No, it was right. Threw the spongy ?toast? out, took a few bites of the somewhat decent grits, and gave up. I was told by my coworker that there lunches are more reliable, but I think I'll pass for now onBest breakfast in NOLA.  Charming wait staff; rib sticking food; cheap prices.
Bacon perfect; grits even better.We had a delicious lunch, very reasonable.  Well, let me qualify; a little salty, but still tasty.  They have daily specials, and today, was Thursday, so I had to have a veal cutlet with lima beans and rice.  The lima's were great; we were hoping for redbeans and rice, but that's tomorrow.  Lima's had plenty of sausage slices, and the waitress said to eat the limas with beets, if I wanted to do it "local."  Veal was also good.
Caroline had the two pork chops, grilled just right, a little salty.  The seafood gumbo was really great, lots of seafood taste, chunks of shrimp and crab, not tomatoey, but kind of brown/green colored,  just the way I like it.
Reall friendly, lots of regulars, mixed with tourists like me.  A fine palace.This place was decent and a cute little hole-in-the-corner.  It was actually recommended to me by the house keeping lady at the Marriott.  It is always my rule of thumb to always trust the locals regarding food.  She recommended Mena's because it was plain ol' homestyle cookin'!  
I had their grilled chicken $8 special, which included a salad and a baked potato.  For 50 cents, I substituted the baked potato for their mashed potatoes with gravy!  What a brilliant choice that was!  I'm not sure if the food was just good or I was really sick of seafood at this point.  I completely cleaned up my plate to the very last drop of gravy. MMmMm.  I do not recommend their salad or dressing - it wasn't fresh and looked like it has been sitting out for a while. Yikes. 
Their mozzarella cheese sticks were yummy - how can you go wrong with fried cheese? MmMm.  My friend that ordered the same thing as mine with the baked potato, had a significant smaller piece of chicken than I did.  Mine actually looked more grilled than his - so, I guess I just lucked out!  The spaghetti and meatballs here also looked very homestyled.  My other friend that had their gyro was not impressed while my friend with the poboy sandwich was in love.  
This was a very pleasant experience.  Mena's is for when you are missing diner/homestyle cookin' type of food or simply when you are done with seafood.  Mena is it! mMmMm.It's ok, but not great. The rating is somewhere between a 2 and 3. It was just fine, but I've definitely experience better. The eggs were good, but the toast was soggy, cold, and didn't come buttered -- crisp toast that's buttered while still hot is one of the best parts of a diner breakfast, in my opinion. And the potatoes were just fine, but a little on the salty side and a little soft. At least it was fast!Food was ok just wanted a greek salad was nothing special. Place was tiny and crowded seems to be more like a place if you want a quick breakfast.I had their chicken fried steak with mashed potatoes, salad and bread to go. The salad was put in the same container as the hot food so the salad was warm and soggy. The mashed potatoes seemed instant. The gravy was good. The chicken fried steak was serviceable. The price was good and the portions were generous. The food reminded me of my high school cafeteria or a dinner served at a cheap banquet hall. Which made me nostalgic in a way. But in the end, it was somewhat unsatisfying. I would try this place again for breakfast.We like to stop here for lunch but not the best for kids. Love their gumbo and poboys. Agree about the comment regarding the bathroom being tiny and not the greatest. Food is good thoughGross.  Our hotel told us to go for a quick breakfast.  The dont' take cards (no biggie) but the ATM charges 4 bucks!!! SO RIDICULOUS!!  Then when we saw the GIGANTIC cockroach under our table and pointed it out the waitress came over and STOMPED on it, it made the LOUDEST crunching noise...I almost puked.....i then stopped eating- so I wasted money.  Also another great thing was when the watiress brought over my grilled cheese....w/o cheese.  I wouldn't go back if you paid me.  Also they add 15% gratuity for groups of 5 or more- which is stupid cause i never tip less than 18%.....i guess they know the crunchy enviroment only deserves 15%......yikes- it was a disasterYes... 4 stars -- why?  Went twice while visiting NOLA.  Breakfast both times were served FAST.  Coffee was worthy and refilled regularly.  Had a veggie omelette and grits both times. REALLY liked the grits.  My 4 year old daughter enjoyed her pancake and scrambled eggs.  Again, nothing earth shattering but overall tasty and reliable... And the staff was very nice.  Not sure why they call it a palace but it was a good vibe with fun eclectic decor.  We also went there the morning of a Saints game and the vibe (like the rest of city) was electric and fun.Wonderful atmosphere!  Very small place, not at all touristy which we loved.  The wait staff was so friendly and great!  Highly recommend!!!
I had the eggs with sausage, toast and has browns.  All of it was great but the hash towns were amazing!
My Mom had the blt with fries and she said it was perfect!  
Food came out fast and we never had to wait for refills on drinks.  Very attentive wait staff.
Highly recommend!OMG. The best breakfast EVER! CAJUN TASSO omelet is delicious.....and I've never had hashbrown this good EVER in live!  Lol but really.  The staff is nice & prices are reasonable. I recommend you try if your in town.Breakfast. Good, solid meal. 2 eggs cooked as ordered. Wanted a Western Omelet without the tomato, but waitress said pepper, onion & tomato were already mixed together so I opted for 2 eggs. Hash browns were chunky fried potatoes. Didn't taste leftover either!  Toast was only toasted on one side, but it wasn't bad. Just weird. Coffee was good, but pricey at $3. Liked the fact they had Land O Lakes butter, but then had crappy jelly. Oh well!  Overall, it was good for breakWow...what a breakfast. Great food...great service. They can be a little overwhelmed now and then, but they do their best to totally satisfy you. 5  all the way.Little hole-in-the wall place with excellent food, and kid-friendly. No kids menu; we just asked for sides of things our kids like. Gumbo is amazing, tuna stuffed tomatoes with potato salad best tuna salad I've ever had. Nice place off the touristy path! Very budget-friendly, too!Good coffee. Ok breakfast. Like the atmosphere. Standard morning fare but no pastries. Typical NOLA atmosphere. The people were friendly, the coffee was great.Love this place.  Fell into it during my last visit, and my memory happily fulfilled.  We got lucky and there were a few tables available when we walked in.  Black eyed peas with a pork chop - yum, breakfast omlette was also a hit.  They serve an excellent coffee, water is served automatically and our Server was patient, efficient with excellent timing.  It's crowded, clean and friendly.  Counter seating available and newspapers on the wall by the door.If you are looking for a place to eat in the French Quarter that more closely represents where the locals eat the kind of food the locals eat, this is the place.  
It's small, cute, and personal.  They have all of southern "comfort food" favorites that are popular in the area, and they are served up at great, low prices.  Even on a weekday between festivals, this place will be busy, but not too busy to take care of you quickly.  When you're there, check the back of the menu for the daily specials, enjoy one, and sit by the windows to watch the world walk by.  It's a nice, pleasant, relaxing New Orleans French Quarter experience.great breakfast!  friendly staff!  huge helpings with homemade taste!  mimosas are very good too!Shocked by the mediocre reviews!  Don't believe them.  While admittidly the place is pretty pedesterian, that's what adds to the whole charm.  Quick walk from the hotel, and I felt exactly like "My Cousin Vinny" when they go to the place and the menu says Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner..
Just a simple place, the service was very good, and extremely friendly...The breakfast was perfect..such a nice way to start off a day after whatever it is you did last night in New Orleans...Home cookin' in the French Quarter
We've had breakfast a couple times at this place. Let's make this simple, the food is very good and the friendly and attentive service doesn't get much better. Menu offers plenty of choices and prices are very reasonable! Worth checking out!Super friendly and welcoming. The smoked pork omelet is really good. The staff is very friendly and the service is very quick. I have gone twice and will go again tomorrow.Five stars for the nice people working here and the Tasso smoked pork omelet was very good for breakfast. Good coffee too.Server was terrible! We didn't get silverware or straws after asking for it several times. Our mozzarella sticks were still frozen!! Then when we received our breakfast, she didn't bring out the bread until we told her we didn't get any. Overall the food is shitty. And service even worst. Never againA local eatery that offers good food in a relaxed atmosphere.  The service was speedy but I never felt rushed.  It gives a true feeling that you are eating in a local place.  Try it out baby experience local hospitality!
Unfortunately, I had to lower my previous 4 star rating to a two because of our server Tessa.  Not only did she have an attitude, but she only brought my toast after I was almost done with breakfast, but my husband had to find her to get it.  Meanwhile, everyone else got 2 slices of toast and she found it necessary to only bring me one!  LOUSY SERVICE FOR SURE!Went there this morning on the way to Harrahs. Busy and loud but not too loud. Other half got the omlette with toast, hash browns and a side of bacon and i got the egg with hash potatoes, toast and bacon. I asked for my hash browns well done (i always do) i am glad i did cuz the other halfs potatoes werent even brown. Food was good service was slow in beginning but got faster. Waitress very friendly. Definately gonna b a go to breakfast place when we come backThis is a cute little dive that makes really good gumbo.  Nothing fancy about it.  It's a good place to grab a simple diner lunch.  The kitchen is rather slow, so it's a long, simple lunch, rather than a quick one.  Still, the waitresses are very nice and they all call you baby.So we walked in and stood around waiting to be seated because apparently "please be seated" looks like "please wait to be seated" when you have a public education background. I guess the waitress could have said something to us but it's more fun looking like an idiot. 
The catfish po boy was good but not great. Nothing stood out in particular but my friend really enjoyed her fried chicken, which accounts for the 4 stars. 
The only thing I didn't like particularly well was the fact that the waitress kept mistaking the two of us. She was very nice but I can't imagine what would happen if a group of Asians came in. Complete chaos probably.For the money, Mena's is one of the best in the French Quarter.  The waitresses are very friendly and attentive with lots of funny stories.  They strive to accomodate their patrons.  The Bloody Mary's, grits and Cajun tasso are outstanding. Pancakes are just so-so.  Check out the lunch specials!!  Roast Pork and oyster dressing were outstanding.  Mena's will continue to be one of our great finds of the French Quarter!After being in New Orleans many times we have eaten at Menas many times with positive results.  Unfortunately this time around our breakfast took a long time to come out and  was not  hot.  Maybe we will give it another try next time in town.  I use to love this placeAs it was raining out I was going to give this place a shot -- despite the bad reviews.  Unfortunately an enormous cockroach ran past before ordering and that was that -- out the door.  No idea what the food tasted like.  I didn't want to find out.Love love LOVE this spot for breakfast! I got a veggie omelette with hash browns and toast. The hash browns are literally the best I've ever had - seasoned to perfection. Coffee was good, service was awesome.Order the hash browns...you're welcome!!!
Biggest pancakes I've ever ordered.  Good coffee.  Great service.We went back two  days later, and had fried chicken, red beans and rice, and bread pudding.  The two pieces of chicken were deep-fried, but with just seasoned flour;  the meat was juicy, and the skin very crispy, and delicious.  The redbeans and rice were creamy, full of chunks of sausage.  The bread pudding was the least favorite part of our meal.( we had gumbo again, and just as good the second time).  Place was packed, but service was fine.The waittress was friendly and helpful but I had about the lousiest omelete ever at Mena's.  The cheese was cold - just a slice sitting in the middle and not melted at all.  The sausage was lukewarm and the pieces were really too large for an omelete. And the eggwhite and yolk weren't mixed together.
However, if you just want fried eggs, I'm sure they'll be fine.Ugg... I can only recommend this place if all others are closed and all you want is a mediocre sandwich. I had a mufalatta on french bread it was served hot and tasted ok. Nobody in the place when I walked in, at first I thought it might be an ok rustic, true french quarter locales type place. But after taking a seat and being served a diet coke in a dirty glass it became apparent it was just a dive. The servers were nice enough but overall the place is falling apart, dirty and NOT a must see in NOLA.Stayed in the French Quarter and ate breakfast everyday here. Shrimp/Catfish and grits are tasty and deelish.Service is not too good... But considering they were very understaffed, having the place be pretty small, and many people wanting to squeeze in- it was alright. No system for taking names and amount of people needed for a table. My three-person party had to find a, still dirty, table to sit at and wait maybe 10 minutes until it was cleaned and another 5 until we were given water. Our server was kind yet very forgetful and scattered-minded so she was pretty much all over the place! She became apologetic after a member of my party started to get angry about her amount of inattentiveness. You could tell she was trying- yet she had so many tables to serve it was understandable. The food was good and if it was a calmer setting and there was less commotion; it would've been a very nice and enjoyable experience!No-nonsense, moderately-priced food priced appropriately. I had a great omelet and my wife had eggs and grits. The server in particular was very sweet and conscientious. It's not spectacular (or I'd give it five stars), but I'd go back there for a simple NOLA experience again.First time here and all i can say is "wow". Such a friendly staff. Quick service, hot and fresh food, coffee cup was never empty. Thank you. I will be back.Half-shrimp/half-oyster po-boy (since I couldn't decided which one to have -- they suggested splitting the difference) was excellent, as was the rich thick gumbo. I had a taste of my partner's roast beef po-boy, which was also excellent.
Seems this place is frequented by locals as much as tourists -- always a good sign.
Service couldn't be nicer -- the waitress gave us tips on bars and clubs in the area since this was our first time in town.I was so happy to find this place! Great , non-touristy, reasonably priced New Orleans food. Gumbo is rich and delicious, same for red beans and rice. Also, I recommend the grilled shrimp remoulade.I'm vegetarian-told the waitress this and ordered a "vegetarian omelette", halfway through the omelette to my surprise a chunk of meat was in my mouth. 
They did however remove the omelette from our bill, which helped.Pleasantly surprised. We were tired of walking looking for breakfast. We didn't want pretentious hotel restaurant food again so we picked this place. Friendly casual greeting and prompt service. Food was great. Home cooked delicious. They were even patient with me and my allergies helping figure out what i could and couldn't eat. Hash browns were different than expected, not the shredded potatoes you normally get. But so delicious.Delicious breakfast. Large portions at a fair price. 
Interested to try lunch and dinner. Right next to the Marriott on Canal street. Literally a 2 minute walk if you're gazing at random things on both sides of the street. We will definitely be eating here again on our next trip.Small shop, not fancy but quick food. We had the BLT and muffalata sandwiches and they were decent. Good for a quick bite during a busy day but wouldn't recommend if you're looking for something fancy.Friendly staff, good hashbrowns, good local coffee, straight forward food.  Life is too short to eat here again when in nola, but it worked in a pinch.Great food.   Inexpensive.   Great service.   Small place , but worth it!  Best stop in New Orleans soo far.Nicely served - we attended for breakfast.  if you come at breakfast - its just eggs, no lunch style foods.Best breakfast for a very good price the hash browns were the bomb. My waitress was doll as well. This will be my go to whenever I'm in New OrleansStill one of my favorite New Orleans places.  
Very small restaurant, but always packed. Because... of the great food.  Personalized service!  Everything was tasty, well seasoned, but not overly salty.  
I had the fried chicken. And it was delicious. 
And I love the shaker for the salad dressing!  Can I get one?My sister and I recently visited New Orleans and heard from several locals that we should try Mena's Palace.  We are glad we did!  I had cheese grits, and they were delicious.  My sister had eggs, ham, and grits, and she loved her breakfast.  Our waitress was AMAZING!!  Her name is Meghan.  Please ask for her if you go!  She was one of the best waitresses I've ever had!At a conference at the Marriott so popped in for a quick lunch. Waitress was so nice and very friendly. Prices were very reasonable, especially for this area. I had a chicken salad sandwich on a nice crunchy bread and ordered a side of dirty rice per the waitress' recommendation. Both were specials. Colleagues ordered the beet salad, pork poboy, shrimp poboy, and side salad. The small sides are actually huge portions! I would definitely eat here again next time I'm downtown. I live in the area so glad to find a casual place that doesn't feel like a tourist trap.Fast, Friendly, Tasty.  Exactly what we were hoping for!  Recommend the smoked sausage. We will be back.Great find. Owned by Greeks so have some Greek items on menu. We all ate the Cajun Tasso with eggs over medium over home fries. Wow. And the bloody Mary's are great. The bartender is friendly. Gets busy for lunch. But a must try if you're looking to get away from the crowds.The shrimp and catfish po-boy we're wonderful.  The bread pudding was also great. Very friendly staff and it is a small place but you don't feel crowded. We recommend they dust. That is why they didn't get a 5 star.Had lunch on New Year's Day here. The food was tasty! Good service. Less of a line than other local spots. Homey atmosphere and menu. Substitute the fries for rice with gravy and you won't regret it. Delicious! I usually don't write reviews but couldn't get why this place has only 3.5 stars.Food is just okay. I would advise against the gyro if you are expecting the traditional version. Gumbo was very good!Went for breakfast on my last day in the NO and so glad that I did, everyone talks about the grits (which are very tasty) but the hashbrowns are the star if you ask me!Mena's is a solid breakfast spot in the French Quarter.  They turn tables quickly so it shouldn't take long to get seated even when it's busy.  We stopped in on a Sunday, and they were only serving breakfast.  When a couple at a table near us wanted lunch, the waitress was very helpful and pointed them towards several nearby restaurants.  The omelette and french toast were tasty, but it took a bit of asking to finally get the toast that was supposed to accompany the omelette.  One pet peeve - the "hash browns" are really just pan fried potatoes.  Nothing fancy, but a good, reasonably priced place to grab a bite.Cozy little place!  We were trying to go to another place but it wasn't open yet.  The girl there recommended this place.  The atmosphere was fantastic.  It's small and may seem cramped to some but it's N.O.  The staff was super friendly and the food was fantastic!  We had hot cakes, French toast. Razo omelet, and bacon & eggs.  Everyone loved their breakfast.  Spicy Bloody Mary was very good too!I ate like a Queen!  A breakfeast Queen- and I was treated like one too...Eggs were so fresh and home fries too, they must have a farm behind the kitchen.  Great CoffeeeeDelicious. The staff is friendly and the food ain't too bad. I had French toast and ham and it was terrific. 5 stars!Pretty good diner type spot. Food was good. Service was fast. Don't expect a whole variety for breakfast,  but can't go wrong with omelettes, French toast,  and panacakes!Actually shocked Mena's gets some bad reviews. Went there for an early lunch and they were already hopping. LOTS of phone-in orders from locals...that tells me plenty. I had the chicken gyro platter - nice salad, warm pita, chicken breast that wasn't dry, tzatziki sauce(extra! thank you very much!) and fries.  Only meh part were the fries...kinda mealy and not crispy, but no biggie. I concentrated on  the totally delish chicken and pita.
Waitress was a doll and kept my coke filled (was working a hangover, dontcha know!). 
Place is only breakfast and lunch, so plan accordingly. And I would go a little before the rush...like I said...place was busy! Oh, the prices are very reasonable, esp for the FQ.I had their spaghetti which was very unispiring.  It was bland and watery and sauce only covered half the pasta.  Homemade meatballs on top were really good.
Apparently their american foods ard betterThis place is awesome for breakfast, I pretty much went here every morning during my visit. The food is simple, dirty, straight up home cooked breakfast in a tiny dive restaurant. The waitresses are warm and hilarious and the grits are bangin', and the bloody marys are divine after a long night in the quarter. I wanted to take Mena's home with me.Really loved coming here on a Sunday morning. I sat at the bar and the bartender from Ireland(I forgot her name) was so sweet and welcoming. We had great conversation and she makes a Bomb Bloody Mary! Just the kind of place I like to be at when I come to town!Found this place and it was better than anticipated! Service was great!! And the potatoes!!! Perfect eggs, very delicious!!! We came in close to closing and the staff didn't make us rush.Great diner with great food. Of course there's a full bar; it's New Orleans!  Eggs, sausage and grits. Get the Cajun hash browns as a side to share.The worst crab cakes I had ever had!
And an iceberg lettuce salad.....yuck. 
Left hungry and looking for a good Restaraunt.   Also crowded and really loud.I'm a fan because I love, love, love their roast beef poboy. Forget Parasol's or Mother's or the poboy ya momma an 'em make. I get crap for it, but I think Mena's has the best roast beef poboy in the city.
That being said, everything else is just soso. I never had breakfast food, but I haven't heard great things. Once I get there, I just care about getting the poboy and if I want something else, I go somewhere else. But, it's cheap and close to the Quarter so it's not a bad stop on the way to a good old time.Great Naw'lins comfort food.   Try the shrimp po' boy for sure.Every time I'm come to New Orleans I come to Mena's Palace. You can't go wrong getting anything here. Breakfast is amazing and lunch is just as great. The waitress put me on to a drink called the poinsettia (champagne and cranberry) too dang on good. This place is a must try  you're welcome because you'll be thanking me later.Best deal for good food in the French Quarter. Jumbalaya is hearty and really good. Service is excellent and you cannot beat the price. Omelets are great too.Seriously expensive, cramped and food was undercooked. 
I came here on a rainy morning with my boyfriend and dad. We just wanted a simple breakfast that was quick and easy. This place seemed to offer all those things. The place is tiny and somewhat dirty. I didn't think too much of it at first until the waitress kicked my chair every time she had to get by. 
I kept it simple with two sunny side up eggs, grits, and hash browns. The food came out fast but the eggs were clearly undercooked. I was almost scared to even eat them. My grits had hard chunks and the hash browns were bland. Overall unappetizing. 
My father and boyfriend got the same thing. Our bill came out to a whopping $40! Yeah that's crazy. I felt robbed at the end of this meal.Great breakfast food joint.  Very quick on getting you your food.  Good staff.  Good coffee.  We will be back!The seafood gumbo in this little hole in the wall was excellent!  Real crab and mucho flavor!  A must stop for brunch!  The French toast was also excellent and my wife enjoyed her omelette!  Others in our group really enjoyed the hot cakesI went down to Mena's after getting tired of Fleur de Lis a few blocks away, and I was sorry I did.
The food wasn't any better, but that didn't turn me off: it was the service. I don't know if the ladies were just having a bad day, or if they all decided to rebel against non-locals, but they were not happy with us. We're really low-maintenance when it comes to restaurants - we just wanted some damn breakfast!
It was me and my boyfriend and we came in with about 20 minutes left until they stopped serving breakfast. We asked before we sat down if they were still serving it, and with a grunt and an eye roll, she called out to the cook to see if he was still cooking and sure enough he was. She sat us at the bar, which we were fine with. After about 20 minutes, and making the order by the skin of our teeth, we got some omelettes and hash browns which were just okay (I'm sure they would've been slightly better had they not come with a side of attitude.)
Definitely not going back, we'll stick to the other joints with better food and a nicer staff!Mena's Palace was recommended by one of the doormen at the Marriott as an inexpensive place for good breakfast within walking distance.  We went on Sunday and found a table without any problems.  The service was poor and the food was bland and tasteless.  The waitress never asked to refresh our coffee/tea, never asked if we were okay or if needed anything additional.  Maybe the cooks and the waitress were just having a bad day, but it was enough to make us agree we would not go back to Mena's Palace again.Disappointed again in the fried chicken. The meat had a very old taste to it. This is my go to place for cheap eats and usually not a long wait. I may return for breakfast, but no more chicken. Service is fine and new remodel looks great.Best breakfast and brunch in the Quarter.  And willing to go the extra mile to make sure my food was safe (food allergy).  I had my first po'boy, and it may just have kicked off a lifelong love affair.  Can get packed, so time your visit well!Guy Fieri needs to put this place on his diner's, drive ins, and dives show. This place is a dive, but in a good way. We had breakfast there. The place was packed. It is small and the waitresses work their butts off. The portions were generous and the prices extremely reasonable. We would return.Nice place for breakfast. Line present but skipped as we ate at the bar. Friendly staff. Small place and decent prices. French toast made with sourdough bread. Added some eggs. Would go again.Don't bother unless your just too starving to wander further. This place a classic tourist trap-I popped in for breakfast while in town for business I ordered 2 eggs over hard w sausage and wheat toast. The eggs arrived barely over easy, the sausage was a single link scored every 1/2"(?) and toast arrived barely toasted without butter and was coldish....The cost for this garbage breakfast $16.20 
On a positive note my waitress whose name was Lotus was lovely I'll hope she finds a new job w good she can be proud to serve!!Stopped into Mena's for lunch today.  I should preface my review by saying this was not our original destination, but the pizza place we were looking for was closed.
The restaurant was about 85% full when we arrived.  After seating ourselves at a larger table, we were asked to sit at a smaller table.  Regrettably, this table was literally in the doorway at the front of the restaurant.  If you opened the left door to enter the restaurant, you would run smack-dab into our table.  But I digress.
It took several minutes for a waitress to bring menus and silverware.  The menu is posted outside, so there were no suprises as I reviewed the menu.  I decided to go with the meatball po boy for lunch ($7.00).  Our food arrived after approx. 15 minutes.  That doesn't seem like long to have to wait, except for the fact that a party that came in five minutes after us, received their food first.  On to the food.
The po boy was good.  The bread was nothing special, but the meatballs were tasty.  That was about it.
The service is really what killed this visit.  One member of our party had asked for mayo on the side of her po boy and they forgot it.  It took our waitress more than five minutes to return with the mayo.  We also never had our drinks refilled.  And when we asked for receipts from our meal, only one of the three people received their receipt.  We had to catch the eye of another waitress in the kitchen who sent someone out to investigate.
It's unfortunate.  Too many other good options in NO though to dwell on this.  I won't be back.Great family owned restaurant!! Leo, the dad, cooks in the back and comes out to check on his diners if it isn't too busy. Ellie at the bar is awesome and really takes care of her customers.  All the staff here are hard working and efficient. 
We always stop at Mena's when we are in town. We go for great food - the omelettes, PO'Boys - you name it and Leo makes it with love. We go back because Mena's are just great folk!Went looking for breakfast during the week and closer to lunch time so there weren't a lot of options but we stumbled upon Mena's. 
The place was packed! We waited a few minutes and luckily two spots at the bar opened up. We sat down and the waitress was cold/short/dismissive and scared me a bit. Like I didn't want to ask her for more coffee later because I thought she might yell at me. After we ordered and finished our food we asked for two coffees to go and all of a sudden our waitress was the sweetest person in the restaurant. It was crazy, not sure what was going on, maybe just stressed, bad moment, don't know but we left thinking "yay she doesn't hate us!"  
Anyhow, food was great, fast service, good coffee. What more do you need!First stop after we arrived for a late lunch. Mena's didn't disappoint. I had the fried pork chop special. Served with rice and gravy just like the regular suggested. We also had a shrimp poboy. The service is efficient and knowledgeable. Ask them what to have and they'll make a great suggestion. Located right next to the Marriott.I always say that you can judge the quality of a restaurant by its bread pudding. When I'm right, I'm right. I asked about the bread pudding and the otherwise cheerful waitress whispered something inaudible with a viscerally winced face. Needless to say, red flags were raised. Unfortunately, I was with my besties who really wanted to eat there and I already felt like a douche bag saying a very disapproving "oh nooooo" following  with the display of disgust by the waitress. I felt like the only person who realized that the food would be crap. Then again, let's save that c-word for later.
I ordered the red beans and rice with a glass of pineapple juice and another of water. The vegetarian in our group had only one choice--the grilled cheese sandwich. The round of water arrived shortly after ordering. (Let me preface the following remarks by saying that I have a VERY sensitive stomach in that if I am to have any gastrointestinal issues with my food, I know shortly after the first bite. In this case, it was the first sip that did it.) I began drinking my water. The beverage had not yet been noticeably consumed before my body began urging me toward the bathroom in it's own special way. I began to bloat and had to fight to keep my gag reflex under control. My Best friend, who hates vomit, had to quickly run out of the way for fear of the worst. I drowned my stomach in pineapple juice which subdued the urge to vomit and some of the discomfort, but I didn't want to ruin anyone else's meal. For some of us, it was the last few hours in town. 
I trudged through my meal which was average at best. The side sausage was flavorless and almost blanched. The po boy my other buddy ordered was not made to order even though he ordered it dressed with cheese--quite standard for the average guy. The food left a lot to be desired for several of us, especially our vegetarian who supplemented her meal at Ihop a short walk away. Sad to say, the best part of my meal was the pineapple juice. Further, because of the temporary nausea and diarrhea, I had to rush back to my hotel room and could barely say goodbye to my buddies who were leaving town. 
The moral of the story is that you should trust your instincts. If you can't make good bread pudding, your restaurant should just give up. Stick with Mother's instead. Their food is at least consistent, not to mention their bread pudding is delightful.We both had the baked lasagna for lunch and it was a large portion served on a bed of red sauce which was kind of sweet and hearty.  We found it different than the sort one gets up north. It had a unique type of sweet and savory to it which made us want more. It had greed olives, artichokes, and was out of this world.
I highly recommend going here while you are visiting New Orleans. 
The atmosphere is homey, and cozy.What an excellent experience! Robin our server made us feel like home! Great food and service 100% recommended!Looking for a quick breakfast in the French Quarter? Mena's is the place for you!
The menu is small but it entails the following: classic eggs breakfast, omelettes, French toast, pancakes etc. all at a very reasonable price. 
We go here every morning for breakfast when visiting New Orleans. And let me tell you, he Bloody Mary is to die for. The mix is made in-house (none of that Zing Zang stuff) and they're only $5-$6. 
Overall a great spot for a basic breakfast with wonderful drinks. Highly recommend!Really long wait for food, surly waitresses, and don't expect to receive all the food that you ordered. Overpriced for what it is, bland and tasteless. Never going back to this placeAmazing place. I try the shrimp sub and is gorgeous!!! The costumer services is excellent, Robin (the waiter) give us recommendations and she even give us a sample of a local creole dish that was awesome! I really recommend this place to anyone!!!A nice quiet spot for breakfast. Quick efficient service, low prices, good food. So much of the New Orleans experience is loud and even gaudy, it's nice to find a place like Mena's to relax and grab some breakfast before your next big adventure!This is a great place!!! Food delicious and reasonable prices!!! Ask for Tessa!!!
Right down the street from Marriott and Sheraton.This is one of my favorite places to eat in NOLA. The staff is welcoming and friendly. And the food is delicious. It's home cooking at its best. The fried chicken is out of this world! The variety of dishes is sure to please everyone.This is in the Quarter and is a great option for a shrimp po'boy. Great bread with lightly fried shrimp on good crunchy bread. Service was fast and very pleasant. The serving was a generous portionFood is outstanding, staff is nice, prices are reasonable in this out of the way NOLA gem.Went here for breakfast one during our trip; had a tasty andouille omelette.  The service was good, even though the place was packed.First time At Mena's Palace and it's a very good breakfast spot. We had the omelette and the Cajun Hash Browns. Very good stuff.The BEST place for breakfast...It looks like any other diner in the area but everything was fresh ...well seasoned and thee bomb...Hands down the best...Went here with a group of folks from my conference last Tuesday. I got the red beans and rice special with the sausage. It was okay. ‍ Not much flavor and he sausage was kind of plain. It wasn't awful but I wouldn't recommend it as a must go. 
The staff was kind and the food was fast so that counts for a bit!!!The wait for a table didn't take long. It took longer for our server to get us drinks and food. She barely came to our table to ask if we were good. We had two other parties that arrived after us and had same number people and they received their food first. Then we were food that they were understaffed and had someone new cooking. Food was okay.After trying to go to another busy cafe a block down the road, we decided to try out Mena's instead. On a Sunday morning, we were able to get seated right away. The server was very friendly and courteous. We had two young children with us and she paid attention to them and offered to put our strollers in the other room for safe keeping and to get them out of the way. The breakfast was great. All five of us at the table were satisfied with our meals.