OMG I love this place. So much so that I cannot believe I haven't written a review for it yet. What a slacker I've been! For shame. Merchant is totally the venue of my dreams when it comes to a place I can go if I need to get out of the house and work. It has EVERYTHING.
All the other coffee shops and bars I frequent for quality time with my laptop have one or more failings - small tables, too few outlets, inconvenient hours, inconvenient location, no caffeine, no booze, crappy wifi. However, Merchant has everything I could want from a coffee shop. And then some. First of all, the space is gorgeous. I feel like I'm in another city, somewhere in Europe, because the design is very, well, designed. In a good way. You'll see what I mean when you step inside. 
The coffee they serve, Illy, is a fantastic brand. High octane and delicious. And perfectly prepared by extremely friendly, helpful and customer-oriented staff. Everyone I've encountered at Merchant has been a delight, which is certainly not always the case at most places.
In addition to great coffee, they serve food (I've had breakfast, lunch AND dinner there by now, since they're open all day until 8pm), and although I haven't tried it yet, I know they serve booze (because what else could "grapes" stand for in the "Coffee, Crepes, Grapes" that serves as their tagline). Speaking of crepes, I'm so glad to have somewhere other than the places Uptown to get a nutella filled crepe when I have a craving. All places should sell nutella crepes, but that's another story.
So. Merchant has coffee, food, booze, and ambiance. The attention to detail is apparent in the way the tables are set up in the corridor area (just off the main bar where you place your order), because each table has power outlets next to it on the floor, and there are potted plants that serve as dividers between the tables, which afford some privacy if you're there for a meeting (or just don't like people staring at you when you're hunched over the computer, posting status updates to Facebook about how you should really be working). The wifi connection is good, in my experience. On top of all that, the tables themselves are large, so you've got plenty of room even if you've got coffee, plates of food, and two laptops spread out in front of you. Which I know because I've tried this. 
Cannot tell you how happy I am to have found THE perfect coffee shop for the freelancer who sometimes wants to be around people (instead of cats) and wear real clothes (instead of pajamas). This is definitely a place I can spend hours and hours being productive, without having to leave for food/coffee/functioning internet, etc. Hooray for Merchant! You'll be seeing me there again soon.If you are staying at or near the aloft Hotel, go here for breakfast. The lady behind the counter talked me into eating in, and they cut up fresh fruit for my granola and yogurt parfait. That along w awesome cup of Joe was a great way to start the AM. Great crew, fresh food w awesome barista.
I'll be back, and w take Fotos.absolutely my favorite coffee shop in the central business district. It's a hip place with an all white decor that's a different vide than most coffee shops. I've only been a handfull of times but it's never disappointed. The coffee is good but the food was most memorable.  If you're even in town definitely give them a try.If you start to feel grease oozing out of your pores during your NOLA visit, consider starting your day at Merchant.  Soooo healthy and still good.  Had the chicory coffee- could have been a little larger, but love the taste.  They use real chicory in the coffee.  We had the Quinoa bowl and the salmon/onions/cheese on croissant (okay- the croissant added to the grease quotient for sure), and we felt just a little less heavy for the day.  I would consider this your detox to all the heavy food NOLA seems to embrace.  Also lovely, clean, modern and quiet feel to the place- nothing extraneous.  Just a block off Canal- sign on the corner, but shop in the middle of the block.  Took me a moment longer to find- keep looking and you'll see the door in the middle of the block.LOVED THE ATMOSPHERE. Very modern, trendy, comfortable, interesting art on the walls.... Everything I love in a coffee shop. I had an iced coffee and it was great.This place is cool.  Really sweet baristas, great coffee, and yummy crepes although they're slightly over priced.  This place is perfect for a lunch meeting or drinks after work as they also serve wine and have a variety of seating options to accommodate different sized groups.Merchant is a hip little cafe with elegant breakfast choices.  Their coffees and teas are exceptional.  My husband had the pancetta, gruyere cheese and egg croissant, I tasted it, and it was truly delicious.  I had the lox which was  served on thinly sliced french bread.  If you are looking for a delicious breakfast and stay close to the quarters, check out Merchant.Two good reviews for our savory crepes and coffee. Rave reviews for my chocolate croissant which might have been better if it wasn't crushed in my backpack!Brand new to NOLA and wanted some delicious coffee and a breakfast sammy. Merchant was spot on! Awesome, cozy atmosphere, super friendly (counter) service and yummy menu with a wide variety of things to choose from. Service was super fast too. I ordered the "figamajig" (egg, goat cheese, turkey and fig jam on a warm and toasty croissant) and it was superb. I sat at the bar in the window, read my book and thoroughly enjoyed it. I highly recommend Merchant.The food at this place is way too overpriced to get snotty service. 
I ordered the ham & egg sandwich and they were out of ciabatta, which is forgivable. Ordered on a baguette, no problem. The sandwich came in a very large to-go container with the sandwich completely unwrapped. 
Since I'm a bike commuter, it's going to be difficult for me to balance the to-go container on my handlebars, so I asked for a bag. The person who served the sandwich gave me the stink-eye and then gave me a shopping bag that was so large, it probably could have held a dozen to-go containers assembled.
When I told him the bag was too large, he gave me another nasty look and said "It's IN a to-go box." 
Thanks man. I couldn't see it was in a to-go box. I then had to put the to-go box in my bookbag sideways and when I arrived at work, much of the egg had leaked out from the sandwich being sideways.
There's no excuse for discourteous service, especially at these prices.The crepes and coffee are super yummy!!! The coffee is a little pricey, especially for NoLa, but worth it.Such a nice spot. I had a savory crepe that was wonderful and came with a little side salad, French style. I didn't have coffee but it looked really good and they seemed to take care in making it. One thing to note, there's no bottled water except sparkling pellegrino, so keep that in mind if you want something to go. 
Also, the two women working at the counter seemed to have a lot of trouble communicating with each other about who was doing what and ending up making duplicate coffee orders for people. 
They have the whole menu all day, so it's a good spot for a late breakfast or early lunch!Great crepes, coffee, and service. A little off the beaten path. Hip decor.Oh dear, what an excellent cafe! It's located in CBD but just a short walk from the French Quarter. 
I was initially thrown off by the prices of the food - $7 for a yogurt parfait and $7 for most croissant sandwiches. But after seeing and tasting my food, my husband and I both agreed they were well worth the money.  Everything is made fresh in front of you - the croissant is toasted on a hot pan and the egg in the sandwich is fried upon your order, etc.  the yogurt parfait had lots of fresh fruit and was of better quality than most parfait I've had in sit down brunch places.  
Lattes are priced well at $3 and is nice & strong.  Despite being very busy on a weekend morning, the ladies at the cafe were all very friendly.  
The coffee and food were so awesome, we may have to come back again tomorrow.Definitely a locals place. We were the only group not in business attire. The hostess recommended the duck confit crepe and it was excellent. Great yelp find!I know - its NOLA and I should be eating gumbo, crawfish and oysters. But I've now been here twice in as many days and if I were staying longer I'd probably come back again. The prosciutto crepe is one of the best things I've ever had - its got truffle butter for Christ's sake. 
Truffle butter. On a crepe. 
Mind. Blown.
Top it off with illy coffee and espresso served in hand painted cups and I'm super sold. Go here immediately.This little cafe was our last stop in downtown before ending our vacation, and it was remarkably the best choice!
Illy coffee, free iced tea with fresh lemon, custom made crepes in the most visually stimulating space. Think clean whites and very Ikea inspired. The local art will also catch your eye to a long marbled hallway/dining area should you prefer more privatization. I found the place perfect to rest mentally and soak up the good smells of coffee and light. Service is super, and again i boast to kind baristas that are actually cheery. The lunch crowd can build a little but not once I never felt condensed even while sitting at the communal table. 
The merchandise of snazzy french presses and pots made me want to fork over the extra cash, but alas my suitcase could not sustain to another souvenir. 
Pass up the touristy eats and get hidden away with a crepe and coffee divine.My friend told me about this place. I tried one of there savory crepes and LOVED it! Also got a cappuccino. A little pricey but totally worth it. I definitely plan to come back.Awesome. Went here several times during my stay in New Orleans. Had two different crepes, delicious, and the caffee lattes are amazing!I guess if I have to sum this place up, I'd just have to say it'll do- not too remarkable in any way, other than the unreasonable slowness of the staff.  I've had both the crepe with ham, egg, and tomato, and the crepe with onion, goat cheese, and speck (I preferred the second of the two).  Both came with a small, but nice, salad.  Their iced coffee is pretty good, but the latte is only so-so.  I also got a salad to go, which was mediocre- very lacking in toppings- it was basically lettuce (not all of which was in excellent condition).  Maybe if you get it in-house they put more than about 12 crasins on it.  Like I said earlier, the staff were very slow- don't come here if you're in a rush.I really like the vibe here, but it's really packed usually and not terribly good for working remotely, unless you're at the community table. The food is also relatively expensive, but looked delicious.only tried the french press cup coffee and almond croissant, croissant was really good, coffee was not so much. Love the atmosphere and the menu looks great, we would try it again.The duck confit was by far my favorite, though last I checked the menu I didn't see it on there. If they have a special, it's a must.The turkey fig goat cheese crepe was yummy and a generous portion. They had lots of options on the menu. Coffee was good but wish it was a larger size! Definitely a lot of fresh and healthy options on menu.Came here four yrs ago and I've been dying to come back to New Orleans just to enjoy a breakfast here again. Love this place. It's light but fulfilling. Nothing greasy. Nothing fatty. These are healthy clean eats here and I can appreciate that. Their espresso drinks are so good. I had the iced dirty chai and loved it. I also had the loxsmith on croissant and it gave me life!! The actual ambience of the restaurant is so clean, crisp, and cozy. 
If there is a line, do not fret! Wait it out. It is worth it. The employees are great, friendly, and patient and fast! The line will go by quickly.Chicory coffee is really not my thing, but this is a nice cafe so check it out. Very convenient to get to in the business district.Ate breakfast twice while in NO for a conference.  Loved the DIY French press coffee.  Had the speck breakfast sandwich each time, once on ciabatta and another time on croissant.  The one on croissant was probably the best ham and egg sandwich ever.  Fresh juices.  Nice, clean.  Will be back on next trip.This coffee shop was across the street from my hotel on a recent girls weekend. We were just looking for convenience but ended up stopping back every day. The decor is funky. The coffee is strong. And the food is delicious. Wonderful trendy little place in an unexpected spot.Very good food, clean trendy place with free wifi. Centrally located and easy to get to. Friendly and nice staff but do not have a great sense of urgency. Coffee is really good! Bathroom clean! I recommend!Because NOLA lacks really high quality beans, my love for coffee has waxed and waned over the years. However, this gorgeous shop and its amazing Illy blends makes me love caffeine highs again. The space looks cool, the staff is knowledgable, and the entire menu is delicious. If I needed a place to see, be seen, drink coffee, feel cultured, gnaw on Nutella, Merchant is the place to be in the CBD.Excellent food - however the cashier gave herself a 20% tip without telling us and not knowing that, we also tipped. So when we got our credit card notification we were shocked and irritated.  Very unethical and she did it to every person in our groupMy Matcha tea latte was nice and creamy. They clearly use quality matcha since I didn't have to sweeten it (I like to taste the tea not turn it into a sweet Starbucks drink)
We split a goat cheese , turkey and fig crepe. It comes with a salad and since we split it the server kindly gave us 2 plates with salad so we didn't have to split the salad. It's exactly what you need when you need to escape New Orleans unhealthy food .
Their French press is served in a single serve disposable plastic cup. It was decent coffee according to my date .Great place. Menu is adventurous and very eclectic. Staff was very friendly. Very clean and organized location. Easy to get to from downtown. So now make this a regular stop.Great coffee, food, ambience, and people.  I couldn't ask for anything more. The Turk and Toast.0 crepes are fantastic. Free refills on regular coffee. Decent amount of seating. Plugs available for laptop work.A little more chic and a little less "grit" than I usually like in a coffee shop. Still, the crepes were good, and the coffee was Italian. So if "Euro-chic" is up your alley, you're set! (Or if you're craving Nutella...head here.)
I actually had a tea, which was a decent French brand (Dammann), if that's more your thing.This is a great coffee place, clean and with very fresh ingredients. The crêpes are just awesome, they are homemade, and very tasty. 
The tea is excellent and very affordable ($2).
I highly recommend this place for breakfast.Excellent coffee (Illy cafe, for those keeping score), interesting modern decor, very friendly staff, and delicious sandwiches and crepes! For those like me who love a fried egg sandwich, this is the place for you.Dropped in for a quick brunch before leaving New Orleans. First thing you see upon entering is the counter with a TV displaying their extensive menu. My friends and I (being our indecisive selves) took a while deciding what to order. The employee assisting us was wonderful! They patiently answered our questions, provided us with some insight on their own recommendations, and informed us of more popular items on the menu. Once you finish ordering, seat yourself wherever you wish and they bring your order to you. 
My friends and I all ordered different items from their breakfast on ciabatta bread. The food was prepared and delivered quickly. The ciabatta was crunchy, prosciutto and mozzarella tasted great together.After you indulge on char grilled oyster all along Bourbon Street, visit this gem for delectable healthy options.  While my normal morning nourishment is oatmeal, the chia bowls are a more than suitable replacement.  The Labna yogurt is instantly addictive.I'm hesitant to review places where I don't live, but over the course of this week, I've come here enough times to lose count.  It's an oasis from the neon lights and heavy food of the French Quarter: perfectly made espresso drinks, locally baked sweets, light meals (sandwiches, crepes, salads) under $10, free wi-fi, and a bright, clean modern aesthetic.  It honestly had me wishing I lived in New Orleans, so it could become my coffeeshop of choice.
Miscellaneous useful things to know:
- The hours are 7am to 8pm.
- They will soon get their beverage license and become a wine bar as well (the "grapes" part of their motto).
- The crepes are cooked to a crispy brown, instead of a soft beige; it makes eating them with a knife and fork tricky, but adds nice textural contrast.
- They're very happy to make custom espresso drinks.  This morning I went wild with a honey-hazelnut-cinnamon latte, and it was perfectly balanced.
- The side salad that comes with their sandwiches is shockingly good in its purity: chopped romaine, a thin vinaigrette with plenty of pepper and vinegar, and a sprinkling of parmesan.
It's been open a few weeks, and it's usually not very crowded, so I really hope that they find the strong customer base that they completely deserve.  An easy 5 stars.Amazing! Yogurt parfait was one of the freshest and tastiest I've ever had. The caprese sandwich on ciabatta was delicious. It definitely hit the spot. Will definitely stop by on my next visit to NOLA.We wandered into this little gem whilst looking for some caffeine one morning. What we found was a great spot for both beverage and study. Great vibe with limited seating and some great decor.
The place is super modern - so much so it feels like you've walked into the coffee section of IKEA! The gals working at the counter were very friendly and walked us through a couple drinks very nicely. I ended up with a Chicory latte and it was amazing. Great flavor and, as I'd been told, Chicory chunks that show up near the bottom and provide a little cud of shorts to chew on - while not previously digested, it was very soft and gave off just a little more flavor.
Very close to the French Quarter and quick block walk from the Roosevelt - probably where we'll be heading tomorrow as well! Well worth checking out.Coffee and live music by talented musicians were the high points of our meal. We had brunch on a Saturday and were told when ordering we'd have at least a 40 minute wait for our food. They make each menu item one a time and so if you have a group you will be annoyed that each person's food comes out separately so you can't eat together. I ordered a cafe latte with an apple, cinnamon and sugar crepe. The latte didn't come out for at least 10-15 minutes. The crepe came out 15 minutes later and was very dry/overdone. My husband ordered a tuna pressed sandwich which came out 5 minutes later and per him it was 'okay'. We found a table relatively easily since we had a long enough wait before our food arrived. Overall, we did not enjoy our food and thought it was overpriced. We will not be back again.Amazing coffee and crepes. The staff took a lot of pride in the process of their food and brewing heir coffee. The americano and crepes are a must.Great lunch at their counter!  A break from the heavy, rich foods of New Orleans. Conveniently located and easy to find. Great, simple salads and sandwiches in a clean, simple environment.Really cute modern cafe. I came here on the recommendation of Peter D. while I was in town for work and am so glad I found this option--it's one of the few downtown places open on a Saturday morning for breakfast! 
I have no words for this breakfast croissant. It's that good. Perfectly cooked eggs, melted cheese, just the right amount of crispy bacon...I mean, what more do you need in life?  [hint: nothing]
And the perfectly pulled macchiato was icing on the cake. 
I really want to eat that again.Service: We called them to see if there was a wait time coz weekend mornings can be busy and we wanted to avoid long lines. The person on the other side of the phone said "there's no reservation but cannot tell how much time it will take"
There was no line and barely any people when we reached there at 9:15am. Fine!
We asked if there was a highchair for my 10 month old.  To which she said "we don't, but the chairs are low anyway" Huh??
Food: ordered 3 Crepes,  2 savory and 1 sweet. Don't know why this place has high reviews but the crepes were very disappointing. It was thick and the filling was bland. 
To top that,  the cup of chai smelled of EGGS.  
Ambience/interiors: clean and modern.  That one star is for the decor.Delicious coffee (one of the best lattes I've ever had) and lovely brunch food outside the hustle and bustle of the quarter. The blue crepe was light and delicious, though I wish the ingredients (apple and pistachio especially) had been cut into smaller pieces so that the flavors could blend together.Slick decor and friendly staff.  Americano on the weak side.  I asked if they had fresh croissants and they said yes.  It was not a fresh croissant.  Cold and rubbery.Cute little place, but do not attempt to go there during breakfast!  They have two 14" crepe griddles - one for crepes and one for cooking breakfast orders (e.g., eggs, etc.).  I got there at 10am on a Sunday, ordered an espresso and an egg croissant - 20 minutes to get my espresso and 45 minutes (from ordering time) to get my sandwich.
I assume it is new and hopefully they get their act together, but in the meantime stay away unless the place is ABSOLUTELY empty!Got the Figamajig. Really very tasty on a croissant. A little heavy on the fig jam, but I don't have a big sweet tooth so next time I'll just ask them to go light on it. The jam really is a good contrast though. Had the Nutella crepe. Standard but good. The latte is pretty and decent. My partner had a pesto infused sandwich, kind of panini style. Also very tasty. As an aside, you are close to Canal St so you might run into an occasional pan-handler. This is NOLA, so if that's a problem for you, just stay on the North Shore ;-)Found this spot on a rainy day while we were in town. I absolutely love crepes, and I have to say their crepes are the best I've ever had. I think about them often and I can't wait to go back!I just loved this place!
It's pretty hipster-y but very clean and the staff that were there on that day were all insanely friendly and service was fast.
I had an iced coffee and the prosciutto crepe that was just divine and my boyfriend had the banana and nutella crepe. The crepes are huge and pretty dang inexpensive, so you get what you pay for, plus more.
I can't wait to come back and try something different on another visit to nola!I haven't spent much time in New Orleans, but I imagine this is probably the best place to get coffee. It is good, nothing amazing. I would have given four stars but they were REALLY slow.  Yes, I'm willing to wait around for the time it makes to get a good cup of coffee, but they were moving like turtles!  I also got a chocolate croissant, which was pretty good.  I'd definitely come back here, just don't be in too much of a hurry.I regretted to visit this place on my last day of the trip! Otherwise, I would come here for every meal! Jk. Seriously though.
Great meeting and studying space with bright lighting and comfortable spaces! 
FOOD 5/5
We ordered the Quinoa Bowl and the Loxsmith Crepe! We sat at the bar facing the kitchen area and it was quite an experience watching them cooking from fresh ingredients while devouring our breakfast! The salmon crepe was just wonderful! The crepe crust was perfectly soft with the crusty edge. The quinoa bowl was a nutritious pick-me-up after the night life and heavy meals from the days before.Good dirty chai latte. Space was very clean. Would come back.Coffee is better than Starbucks and their crepes are superb! A great light option to a heavy restaurant breakfast. In the middle of downtown on a dreary day, it was a nice, bright start to our day!Went in to try the Horchata pudding. This was not real Horchata pudding, I could only eat a few bites and after complaining the girl at the counter shrugged her shoulders. Money and my time totally wasted by coming here.I came back. Chai lattes here are indeed the best I've ever had. The atmosphere was a major improvement from the last time I came. I guess the owner really did fire all the brunettes (I'm happy he took my yelp review to heart). But really, in all seriousness, I will be taking my parents here next time we stay at our place in New Orleans. The food is great and the service is much more approachable than 1/2 the places.Went here because I stayed at the Sheraton and the Starbucks line inside the hotel was too long. I'm glad I stumbled upon this place in yelp (nearby coffee and tea) because it was the cutest little café/creperie. The crepe was good (chocolate, strawberry and banana) and the vanilla latte was delicious. (My only thought is that the hot coffee in a glass cup is not the smartest thing, because I couldn't pick it up.Loved the Nutella and banana crepe for my 14-yr old daughter. I had the lox crostini. Both were excellent!
Latte was very good too.
Really nice atmosphere. Too bad we could only go once during our visit.In New Orleans on a business trip, and was looking for a cute little coffee shop to work in for a few hours. I stumbled upon Merchant in the business district, which was super clean, nice and quiet, and a relief from the bustle of the French Quarter. 
They had a decently big menu with some healthy options, which was a nice break from the rice, bean and meat-heavy dishes I'd consumed thus far in New Orleans (as amazing as those Nola classics are). 
I ordered the fig'ama'jig sandwich on a croissant. The croissant was soft and flaky, and the fried egg exploded with yolk as soon as I bit into the sandwich. As someone who loves a runny yolk, it was amazing. The turkey was warm, and goat cheese was sharp, and the fig provided the perfect sweet balance. So so yummy!
I also ordered an iced chai with almond milk, and my only complaint is that the chai was just OK. The chai flavor was pretty week, and the drink was a bit too watered down/milky.
Other than that, a nice find with good food, atmosphere and customer service. Would definitely come back on a future work trip.Trying the triple creme crepe... baked apples and honey :-)Absolutely delicious crepes and coffee away from crazy crowds. The space is modern and the staff is friendly and attentive.  If you need a good bite in the morning away from the madness of the French Quarter then come
To this oasis of sanity. The ham egg and cheese crepe is awesome btw.Our last breakfast in NOLA. After going to the Ruby Slipper and Surrey's, it was going to be hard to live up to those places. And after 4 days of good here, we were NOLA'ed out. 
Yet we were happy to find yet another 5 star breakfast. 
Ambiance is nice, quiet, friendly, open, and clean. 
Music included Radiohead which is always a bonus. Service was good. Younger staff which isn't ingrained with the slow south style of lethargy. 
Baked apple and Brie crepes - savory to start. These were really nice and a good way to start the meal. Came with a side salad which was odd but hit the spot, especially after the NOLA fry fest of the last 4 days. 
Banana Nutella crepes - the sweet finish that came with a dollop of whipped cream. They were a great step 2 of this breakfast. Very yummy. 
This was a great find for our last breakfast. If we come back to NOLA we will come here, no doubt about it. 
Highly recommended!travelers come here for some insulation from the NOLA noise. you'll feel hip just by walking in to the clean-lined, modern setting. very pretty pastries and breakfast, and consistent Illy espresso drinks made by more than capable hands. no pourover coffee options, so go with a cafe latte or traditional macchiato.Such a peaceful place to eat and great get away from the busy bourbon street. The atmosphere was really relaxing and the food was fantastic. The sandwiches were perfectly toasted and contained high quality ingredients! I also had the apple, cinnamon, and sugar crepe, YUM! 
I wish we had a Merchant in California!This place ambiance reminds me of nyc! I don't know why?!! Anyhow, I always feel like I'm not in nola when I'm inside this coffee shop. Nothing too exotic about their menu but worth a try!I LOVE Illy coffee.  So it's always a travesty when the barista doesn't know how to steam the milk.  It just ruins the perfectly bitter expresso shot and turn great coffee to just coffee-flavored milk.  Fortunately this place trains their staff well.  Perfectly made double shot latte.  I also had a crepe, but that wasn't that memorable.  Come here for the coffeeHmmm.  Why does this place not open earlier?  What kind of coffee shop is closed until 9am?  Why is it so understaffed with one (very nice but very stressed) guy making all the coffee and food, bussing tables, and bringing out orders?  What's up with the hallway dining area?  
At the same time, the coffee is good, crepes and sandwiches are pleasant, and there's plenty of space.  Merchant is ok, but it could be more...This adorable coffee shop is located across from the hotel I am staying at. It has been calling to me, ever since my hubby and I checked into our hotel. This morning we ventured across the street to grab our morning coffee. 
First, the decor and ambiance are spot on. Literally, this is the cutest spot I have seen in a long time. 
The staff were incredibly friendly and engaged with me about my americano and brought out each cup for me to visualize before I placed my order. For reference, the small americano only comes with one shot of espresso. The medium americano comes with two shots. 
The only disappointing aspect of our experience was the fact that they use illy coffee. I have nothing against illy, I was just expecting a locally roasted coffee bean. 
All in all, the drinks were good and did the trick caffeine wise. I was eyeing the crepes, so I might have to stop back in tomorrow.The ingredients are good but the crepes are barely full! It doesn't make for a full meal and the ratio is too much crepe/breading compared to whats inside. Pretty disappointed. Esp if you've ever had a real crepe before! Also they need to cooke them a little longer to make them more crispyService: Good, however I deducted one star b/c they didn't know whether or not their granola was GF or not, so I took a risk. They must asked 3 other workers and none of them knew. 
Food: My partner ordered the croissant with pancetta and finished all of it. I am assuming that it was good! Being gluten free I had few options.  I ordered a yogurt parfait. It was delicious but could have used more yogurt. I think I only got one layer. The parfait was dry towards the bottom and was tempted to ask for milk. 
Time of day: 9:00am on a Wednesday. No line and plenty of seating.Delicious and fresh breakfast. Not your usual.
The ham, cheese, tomato & egg on a crepe was so full of flavor. Very big and could be shared.  
The fig'ama'jig with egg, turkey, goat cheese, fig was unbelievable. What a combination. 
The coffee however could have been hotter.I thought the proportions were pretty small.  Has a total hipster, clean, modern feel to it.  It is in the heart of the business/bigger hotel area of NOLA.  The food overall was good, coffee great.  It was just too expensive to be 5 stars for the amount of food I received.This was right across from the hotel, super convenient! I got a large mocha and a muffin and spent about $10. They mostly had hot food, but I'm having brunch later so just wanted a snack. There is a lot of white as you will see in my pics but it has a clean feel because of it. The service was very friendly, two thumbs up!i ordered the triple cream crepe which was cold and rubbery. my boyfriend's duck confit croque baton was another disappointment. for me, the vibe sucked. the atmosphere was not inviting- just a failed attempt at being trendy and modern. i have a gallery a few blocks away and really wanted to like this place. the coffee was good but doesn't make up for the terrible food we had.The food is absolutely delicious. I had the smoked salmon crostini with goat cheese and the chocolate croissant. They were both amazing. My friend had an egg and ham croissant that was also superb. I'll definitely be back!I was really looking forward to Merchant because of the reviews, but it wasn't mind-blowingly delicious or different. The crepes were fine- soft, sweet and salty. But the fillings were nothing so special. I got the duck with the blue cheese and it was still just okay. The chai was solid. It felt very big city- doesn't feel like the rest of New Orleans. Felt out of place in this historic city.Great place for those looking for a gluten free bite in NOLA. 
Stopped in for a mid-day Nutella gluten-free buckwheat crepe and an Illy mocha and it was delicious! Liked that they have almond milk too.
Pleasantly surprised that my crepe came with a small side salad - although would have been nice to have this on a separate plate since I ended up eating my lettuce with Nutella on it, and cheese from the salad got on my crepe, etc.
Friendly and cheerful staff in a beautiful sleek white space with plenty of seating. NOTE: Restroom access available with key from staff down the hallway.
If back in town would definitely come back to try their savory and some of the other sweet crepes!I don't want to seem like the Grinch here, but I don't see what all the fuss is about! My sandwich on sprouted bread was delicious. I thought the seating arrangements was kind of odd. I did not like the feeling of eating in the middle of a hallway. To me, this would be a great lunch spot if I worked in the area, but it's not the destination type place I would go out of my way to visit.Great quick-service hotspot that won't disappoint a traveler. Love everything about this place. Perfect lattes perfect breakfast sandwiches. Granola parfait was Divine! Clean and friendly service. Modern decor and cool place to do some work or study. Beautiful. On the northwest side of the quarter. I had a pancetta, gruyere, fried egg croissant sandwich and the perfect almond latte. It was served in a glass with a wide lip and beautiful light foam and perfect temperature. I'm sad I don't live here.I started this review yonks ago, and everything I wrote (in bullet-point form, because I'm a busy gal) is still true. I'm not a true coffee shop fan. I don't stalk cafes or even drink coffee. I don't know what to order, ever. I don't need caffeine to get through my day. And I don't live around the corner from Merchant. 
But I do love the idea and the execution of this sleek little enclave in the CBD. 
Their service is always what it should be, alternating between gently warm and smiling business-crisp, moving the line through (when there is a line) and making the regulars feel welcomed, remembered, and part of the fabric of the shop. My roommate works nearby and is known by name (and by order, actually), which tells me a lot about the place. I can make a coffee run on her behalf, announcing that I'm in looking for my roommate's "regular order", and everyone knows what to do. That's the mark of a neighborhood business. The quality of their coffee, tea, and food is the mark of a 4 star neighborhood business. 
I love the quirks of the hallway space, and my time at Merchant is almost always spent tucked back in that niche. Don't care much about outlets or wifi because I venture here to unplug, not to be connected. It works for me. 
Accessibility notes: Step up on the main door. Door opens out. No Braille menu or signage. Can get loud at peak hours.Modern style coffee bar in the financial district with some good eats. Good for chilling out for coffee or having a business meeting.I'm not really some hipster coffee shop kinda guy but the breakfast food here is excellent and the coffee is great and compared to the area the price is on point. I'd recommend it over the other breakfast spots. I had the egg and ham on croissant and the speck is delicious. I also tried the egg and speck crepe which was excellent but I think my tastes prefer the egg and ham.  Both were good and service was fast.We stopped at Merchant for breakfast and our experience couldn't be any better. Very modern interior, bright, nice tables and friendly staff.
I will say we had here the best Crepes in US. Definitely.. Dunno, maybe the French roots of this city played a significant role? could be!
If you ever find yourself around Canal Street and looking for breakfast or lunch, you definitely have to try their crepes. Both savory and sweet were excellent!
If you go for sweet crepe, you gotta give a shot to the one with Biscoff (belgian cookie butter).
Another perk of this place is that they use Illy espresso. those who know about good coffee, they know that Illy is probably the best espresso brand out there. Growing up in Greece, I know how a good espresso coffee tastes, so Illy has always been my choice. Totally worth trying an espresso drink to experience the quality of this coffee!Best breakfast place. They serve illy coffee, which is phenomenal. I couldn't stop craving a cup every day because of Merchant! 
Their crepes are also very good. I had the pancetta crepe and my partner had the duck confit crepe. Both were excellent, but the pancetta was so, so good. 
The service is lovely, and the place is trendy. The decor is just awesome! I love the lighting fixtures and the communal table. Truly, a wonderful place to start your day right.Came here on a weekday morning while on a work trip in NO. It's a small location with counter only ordering. The menu is simple and healthy. They serve illy coffee. They was popular crepes and a variety of yogurt bowls. 
I had the ham and cheese crepe and a parfait. I was hungry. Both were very tasty and fresh. Overall, the food was good and all my co workers enjoyed their meals."This is the time on Sprockets when we dance". I can barely comment on the food because I was so terribly offended by the surly staff. Trying too hard to look cool surpassed any attempt to perform a job. The ultra hip Mac menu was down when we were there. The young fellow at the counter was truly annoyed that he had to scramble around to find us some paper menus.  Then he had to take time to explain how all of the things on the menu weren't actually ON the menu. Later, my girlfriend asked for two glasses of water with her order. He.... rolled.... his eyes at her.  We were absolutely floored. I asked for a cup of hot tea and was given a paper cup half full of hot water, then told to snag my tea bag "over there".
Now that I've gotten that off my chest, I will actually review the food. They were "out" of croissants (at 10am) so the pancetta and egg sandwich was on a baguette. Delicious? I ordered the pancetta, mozzarella, and tomato crepe.  I would have liked it better if the cheese was even a little bit melted. Of course the coffee is great, but why wouldn't it be? Great beans and a fancy espresso machine, Viola!
If you are looking for a visual delight with so-so food and the hippest cats in town, I think this might just be your sort of place.Good coffee and good food. The turkey and fig crepe is nice. Service was good and reasonable prices.Had the egg and speck savory crepe- was delicious! Also had the dirty chai, was good for a cold day but was not out of this world. 
Also had their soup of the day- yes I had a good appetite that day- pumpkin with curry and kale and potato- it was so -so, felt really healthy definitely not for people who like really thick and creamy soups.Wandered by this place and stopped in for a bite.  I had the turkey and fig crepe. Hubby had the apple and cinnamon crepe.  Yum.  Great healthy options in a cool place.Such a shame. We only had a few days in NOLA, and I was dying for good crepes. I have lived in France, so my expectations were fairly high. However, to get a chocolate and strawberry crepe where the chocolate was not melted, and there were basically cold, hard chunks of chocolate throughout my crepe was extremely disappointing. Neither my husband's latte nor my iced coffee were any good. I am not sure where all these high reviews came from. He did say his goat cheese, savory crepe was decent, but we would not go back.Coffee and croissant were just okay. They were very slow to make the crepe and it was not busy at all. They put a little too much nutella in it as well. It's a trendy looking cafe, but not sure I would recommend it.I like this place.  Everything down to the high quality Illy USA napkins and tiny glass water cups is the very zenith of elegance and cool.  
Say what you like about vacuum sealed coffee beans shipped across the world.  I am not a purist and I like Illy coffee.  
Sometimes when I order something to eat at a particular place it is so good that I can never bring myself to order anything else on subsequent visits.
Get the duck confit crepe.  
It's delicious.Really needs to teach food handling standards to their employees. Food prep was handled by hand and no gloves were worn. I did not witness any hand washing in between plating and preparing the various dishes. When the waitress was dropping off a sandwich to our table we asked which one had tomatoes and she grabbed the bread with her bare hands to check. She also could not explain why one of the lox had 4 pieces while the other 2 had 3. Very inconsistent. Hoped she washed her hands after she took out the trash.Went here for a quick breakfast before we left New Orleans. It's a short walk from Bourbon St. and all the good stuff in NOLA. I wasn't really down for the greasy breakfast, so  thought this would be a good stop. It was, but it was pretty overpriced for what it was. 
Atmosphere was good. Nice and clean. My boyfriend and I decided to sit at the bar. The tables were full and most of them were long tables where you'd be sitting beside a stranger. I had a parfait and a croissant with gruyere. The parfait was really good. I'm pretty sure they used the good Greek yogurt and they loaded that sucker with granola and the fruits of the day. That day, I had some granny smith apples, strawberries, blueberries, and a hint of honey drizzled over it. This made me so happy. I feel like most places have their parfaits pre-made and the fruits are sitting in there... just rotting away. Not at this place though! She washed and cut them right on the spot. Pretty sweeeeeeeeeeet. As for the croissant, it was a bit dry- I probably could've done without it, considering that my parfait was pretty large and filling. 
Overall, a pretty good experience at Merchant.Merchant is best described as a modern European coffee shop. They use Illy coffee and have a number of small plates like crepes, croques (baguette sandwiches), salads and a soup of the day. My husband and I both got a croque and they were both delicious, made to order and filled with fresh ingredients. You get a 2 bite side salad of mixed greens with the sandwich. Prices are typical for this type of place - $11 for my prosciutto croque, $3.50 for chai tea. I look forward to going back to try one of the crepes.Love Merchant! Great coffee, crepes, and service. Definitely one of our favorite spots in New Orleans!Friendly staff. Excellent coffee!  I had a double macchiato and it was pulled to perfection. Sat at the bar to enjoy and got a demonstration on how their portable french press works....very cool!!  Will be back for a french press before i leave.I really needed a caffeine fix after a day of walking around. My fiancé decided to take me to this modern contemporary art chic coffee café in the Central Business District away from the French Quarter.  The girls behind the counter were really helpful with selecting the perfect cup of coffee. She made me a foamy chilled concoction that I enjoyed completely called the tempesta. It was a quiet spot to chill.this is a very cool place to eat when you don't want to eat another boring breakfast the girl behind the desk winter and I don't mean she was cold she was  fantastic she gave us great suggestions on what to eat we ordered more than we normally just so we can try bunch of stuff would definitely be back the place was extremely clean and I would highly recommend this place anytime you come Nola.On the pricey side. An iced coffee was around 4 bucks and the breakfast sandwich was around 8. Very good quality meat though! I got the ham breakfast croissant. It had goat cheese, egg, and high quality meat. Delicious! Service is friendly!This place was very neat and trendy. The staff was very friendly and welcoming. The food was delicious. My husband got the ham and cheese crepe and it was definitely enough to where we could have shared. I got the loxsmith breakfast sandwich and both were delicious. I would definitely recommend this place to others!I ordered the decaf soy cappuccino and the Cure Crepe. After staying out all night I needed the pick me up from the cap and something filling on my stomach. The Cure came with speck, turkey, ham, fontina, pepperoncini, tomato, balsamic and a side salad. Overall the crepe was actually very good. The tastes were all there. My only issue was that it was hard to cut into with the knife. I literally had to tear it apart in order to get into it. If I was eating this as a handheld crepe it probably would have been a better experience but since I didn't this is what I had my gripe about. I would definitely go back if I am every in New Orleans again.Wonderful lunchtime eatery. My companion and I shared a turkey and a caprese crepe. The turkey was moist and well-seasoned and the balsamic nicely aged and flavorful. And the crepes most certainly reminded me of my time in France. The less than perfect rating is because they could not do a chai with soy milk and the one I got with regular milk was just okay.Nice ambiance, mediocre food/service.  They charge$1.00 for 2 shots of simple syrup. TACKY!   The barista told me it costs them money to make-um, no it doesn't. It's sugar water. Also, there are free sugar packets on the counter. The exotic $3 tea was good but the experience literally left a bad taste in my mouth.We really enjoyed the sandwiches, very tasty, and the bread is delicious. I did not
Give this 5 stars because the girls who prepare the sandwiches don't wear gloves! They run food to the tables and then make sandwiches. They need someone dedicated to making the sandwiches and then a runner. Otherwise, very good.Super chill environment with some nice snacks that offer clean, fresh, goodness.  
*** Free wifi *** Just ask for the pass.  
If I lived in this area, this place would definitely be my go to spot.  
Coffee from illy and a good variety of croissants, light sandwiches and deserts complete their menu.  
Oh, easy to access bathroom is a plus for those long visits.Service was great; coffee was great; duck confit was cold and though I like bleu cheese, it overpowered the crepe.  Based on my experience, not all that great.Tonight is my night to hand out five stars.  Merchant definitely deserves one for being a cool, calming and beautiful coffee house with a wonderful art gallery and good strong coffee.  Plus, it's on my old route to work, so I can get (would be able to have gotten if I still took this route) a good cup every morning.
They've recently started serving pastries from the Maple Street Patisserie.  I had the strawberry guava croissant.  Outstanding -- better than any in Miami.
(from 11/21/11)After disappointingly eating subway for dinner in New Orleans, I was looking to have a fantastic breakfast before heading home. This place was just what I needed. The workers were friendly and helpful. I got a beautiful vanilla latte and a delicious crepe with Nutella, strawberries and bananas. This place is a hidden gem. You won't regretThe coffee at this place is perfection. Their food is amazing. Things are a little pricey, but totally worth it. It's a great spot to post up for a few hours and get some work done, but its not riddled with people on their laptops like a Starbucks. Love it so much!Light breakfast in cool stylish setting. My husband and I were looking for a light breakfast after heavy meal the previous night. This place hit the spot! Great coffee, I had the fig/turkey/goat cheese/egg ciabatta. I ate it open faced. Good combination of flavors. Only complaint was bread a bit too chewy. Husband had apple/cinnamon crepe. Perfect balance of slightly tart green apple and sweetness from powdered sugar. Loved that it wasn't a huge heavy meal. Really enjoyed the hip urban atmosphere, and watching the cooks prepare the orders is always a treat. Place is clean and friendly.On a 4 day trip to NOLA with my girlfriends, we unanimously decided to go here for 2 breakfasts in a row because it was so good. Amazing artisan breakfast sandwiches and crepes, and fantastic coffee. Highly recommend the "figamajig."This place is bright, friendly and clean. Overstaffed to ensure you get good customer service.  Most of all, the breakfast I had was great : fig-ama-jig with a latte!$4 for an Illy iced coffee..hmmm. The place is nice, clean and well laid out, some cool art as well. Speedy wifi to get work done.Never before have I had such indecision on what to eat for breakfast. Everything here is good, and thoughtfully created. We had the acai + coconut bowl, egg and spec, two chicory lattes and a chocolate croissant. We had plate envy for everyone around us. Staff are super nice and helpful. Clean, modern, easy order at the bar sit wherever. Not too crowded on a holiday Saturday morning. Fairly priced. We'll be back for sure.When I found out about a place in the CBD that serves crepes I couldn't wait to go.  Unfortunately, I was let down.  
The decor is hip and fresh except you don't know if you're suppose to wait to be seated, seat yourself or place your order at the counter.  After standing there for a few  someone behind the counter finally acknowledged us... place your order at the counter.  Being there specifically for a crepe I ordered the duck confit crepe under the advisement of the girl taking my order bc I like blue cheese (remember this part).  I also ordered the rose pink lemonade which ended up being the star of my meal.  
The only table available hadn't been bused yet.  I had to ask the girl if someone could clear the table for us.  It took a while for this to be done for us.  Clearly not appetizing to start your meal looking at someone else's eaten meal..
The food took forever.  Like most people, I only have an hour for lunch.  Most of my hour was spent waiting for my food.  When it FINALLY did arrive, it was only my dish.  My friend had to wait even longer for hers which was only a panini.  
I lived off of crepes when I lived in Barcelona.  What I was served was a pancake... a very rubbery pancake at that.  Whomever is the crepe cooker needs to be retrained bc it's apparent she's using too much batter and/or the batter is too thinck.  It's suppose runny.  The duck was chopped up into tiny little pieces.  Finding the blue cheese was challenging to say the least.  The dough was so think I realized that's all I was really eating.  Dough.  So about halfway through I ended up deconstructing it to only eat the inside. 
Are you ready for it to get worse???  Our table was next to a wall of plants which was infested with nasty buggy things which swarmed us the entire time.  
Tres tragique!The absolute best thing about my hotel was this place across the street. I was in town for a week and very happy to have discovered it on the first day. I was a fan after my first espresso. Beautiful European interior design, great food, great coffee, great wine selection and a happy, smiling, lovable team... Needless to say, yes, I was there daily.My favorite breakfast spot in New Orleans for the days you don't want to start off your morning with a food coma! I got married here last year and would always stay at the Aloft around the corner during wedding planning trips and eat here every morning! Their biscoff crepe and Parma sandwich is the perfect balance of sweet and salty.I love this place! The food is very affordable and tastes great! The best part is the staff, they are so friendly and welcoming. I definitely will try to come back, this is my favorite cafe in the CBD!
Nichole, the barista is so nice, make sure you say hi if she is working and tip her well!!!In town for the weekend and this place is across from my hotel. Great service and foodThis place made the best cappuccino I've ever had.  They have a small menu consisting of specialty crepes and sandwiches - I had the apple and brie crepe - good flavor, but the inside filling was cold (a little disappointing).  The flavor was good though.  I will overlook this because the cappuccino was so good.  Not a good place for a larger group.Very unique, stylish creperie/cafe in the heart of downtown New Orleans. 
If you are tired of crab cake benedicts, crawfish omelettes, and other New Orleans-ish type food (which I dearly LOVE btw), Merchant is a nice change of pace. Beautifully made sweet or savory crepe creations, among other things. Staff is very friendly and enthusiastic.
The food and drinks are handmade just behind the counter. Had a green tea matcha with almond milk, a lemon curd crepe, and a sandwich with lox, cream cheese, capers on baguette. DELICIOUS. A nice change of pace in a city full of oysters and shrimp. Loved it!Spinach + Goat Cheese + Fig Jam minus the turkey, it tasted like lunch meat...otherwise delicious! The banana + Nutella crepe amazing , eat it while it's warm with a splash of cold brew Illy coffee.I was SO tired of fried food!  Then I found Merchant.  Had a wonderful salad in a quiet environment.  Would definitely have gone more times if I was in town longer.  A very welcome treat after too long in the French Quarter.I was in town for a conference and ended up eating here 3 mornings in a row. The food is delicious, the space is adorable and clean and the staff is welcoming and friendly. The one downside is that it can take awhile to get your food BUT that is only because everything is made to order. I highly recommend the spicy coppa croissant and the duck crepe. The coffee was great, too!Awful service... they forgot our last order. People who work here have no efficiency. They were rude and unapologetic after forgetting the order. Owner of this restaurant should reevaluate their workers here.Set in the lobby of an apartment building. People walked pets right by us as we were eating.  Food is Mediterranean in nature. OK but not very impressive.The food was pretty good, but you can't beat the atmosphere for a quiet calm breakfast in the city..Awesome little place, I wish we had one back here in Philly.  Cappuccino was really good and the foam on top was the thickest I ever had it...I could actually eat it with a spoon.  I may sound like a coffee drinking novice here, but I'm not, just never had one this good!  
Pancetta Crepe was the bomb, slightly sweet crepe with the salty meat, fresh basil, tomatoes and mozzarella.  Really great breakfast.  I did however make an a$$ out of myself by not understanding the ordering process.  I walked in and sat at the counter for 10 minutes until realizing I needed to get in line and order first.  There was no one in line when I walked in and then they were 10 deep once I put two and two together.  Oh well, it was worth the wait and the staff was friendly too.  
If I'm back in town, I'll be back to Merchant.Excellent coffee and sandwiches. We had the figamajig and the veg on sprouted bread. Delicious. Perfect low-key place for breakfast or lunch.Great breakfast stop with fantastic coffee.  Peaceful oasis when you just want to ease into your day.In all honesty, I am a bit on the fence about Merchant. It's a bright, airy spot to have breakfast or brunch, and they have fun names for the food like "Loxsmith", but...it's a bit pricey for what it is and it took FOREVER to get our coffee. Plus, when our coffee finally did arrive to our table, they had messed up our order, only given us one of our lattes, and we had to wait another long while for the other. Overall, the food was nice as was the atmosphere. Would definitely give it another try.My first stop here was a requirement to life. I was about to pass out from being awake too long but still had a full night of planned activities to accomplish before I could crash. Since this was right down the block from our hotel, my friend and I headed in for quick espresso shots.
The next time we walked in, a couple days later, we were much more awake and ready to eat. Their savory crepes looked delicious, so I ordered the turkey, goat cheese and fig crepe, and completed the meal with an Americano.
This was amazing, albeit not at all typical Southern fare. Still, I scarfed that thing down so quickly (which is relative because I eat at the speed opposite of light) and was also happy with my side salad.
If you want a light yet filling lunch in the CBD, definitely stop here.GREAT coffee shop, good food. A nice like reprieve from the disgustingness of Bourbon Street.When in New Orleans and looking for the perfect birthday breakfast which isn't over the top but simple tasty and amazing come to Merchant. I was not disappointed by my mocha which was perfect or my Parma which I upgraded to the croissant instead of the ciabatta. I'm here for a couple more days but plan to come back. The croissant was perfect flaky and buttery and warm to complement the fried egg and prosciutto. I'm definitely a fan.Great coffee in an ultra modern, almost antiseptic space. Seemed more like a San Francisco or NYC coffee shop than New Orleans. Loved it, though. Worth a visit.Coffee was good, although the girl in dirty shirt ( I called her "butcher's daughter to myself) spilled it on the table. (No, she neither apologized nor cleaned the spill.) the crepes are not worth the money - dry and tasteless. :/ so far, this is a first place an NO where I didn't enjoy my meal.I came across this little place for lunch on a cool winter day. While most of the cafés around Canal Street are all about excess, this place is very minimalist - and exactly what I wanted for lunch. Although the guy who served me (manager?) seemed to have a bit of an attitude, the wait staff were nice and efficient. My meal was out in less than 10 minutes, and it was really simple and tasty. 
In short: warm, cheap, light, tasty.Eww do not get a matcha latte from here. It's disgusting, pre-made culinary dark green goop the just pour into milk! Gross !! I saw them make it with my own eyes! Dumped it as soon as I couldThis is fun little breakfast/brunch spot. The creepes are delicious and perfectly made to order. The chicory espresso is a unique drink that is a must try if you are can of new Orleans style coffee. The staff was helpful and attentive and they have a large selection of sparkling waters. The style is no frills streamline and modern, not a bad thing. The only point of contention is the price point that seems a little high to me. However, the quality of food and the helpfulness of staff do make up for it when I ordered. I did observe the staff become less helpful when they got busier while I was eating my food. If your in the area do swing in a for delicious foods.Great find! I am a fan of illy coffee and was happy to see that they served it here. My sister and I stopped in for a quick breakfast before we hopped on the St. Charles streetcar. I honestly just wanted a good cup of coffee (other than Starbucks), but then noticed that they had a full menu. Short on time, we decided to share their lemon crepes with whipped cream. All I can say is, MmMMMMMmmmMMMmmm!They were out of salmon when we dined here, so perhaps my disappointment with that colored my experience. I really wanted to try the Loxsmith crepe. I opted for the Prosciutto crepe and it was good, but not outstanding. The amount of balsamic was a bit much for my taste. My husband ordered Il Cubano and the dijon overpowered the crepe. The greens accompanying our crepes were fresh and delicious. The cafe au lat and green tea latte were strong and bold in flavor.Great healthy food and nice service
Been looking for a healthy nice breakfast place and finally found it. Coffee delicious - arcai breakfast very niceWe were hungry for creperie and this place had great reviews on yelp. It was close to our hotel, so we decided to go. It is super clean and nice, staff is friendly, but... no creperie on the business day, just coffee.  It might be due to the Xmas week, but I feel disappointed.Coffee was excellent. The veg breakfast sandwich was also quite tasty--though I found out the hard way the yoke was very runny (through an explosion all on my hand following the first bite).
The staff is very attentive, though the cashier was very slow ringing up the people in front of me.
The atmosphere of Merchant is very modern and cool. I loved the Illy coffee merch that they seemed to be fond of, and the coffee bar looks very nice.
Overall, I'd come back to try some of their other offerings such as the crepes.Disappointed in this place... I had high expectations because of the reviews and 4 stars and it looks so nice from the outside. I waited for awhile because the employees were unorganized but once I was greeted, I asked about the iced chai tea. It is pre-bottled (for $3.50!) and can not be made with any special requests, such as soy milk. I was disappointed so I left and went to PJ's Coffee. The decor and ambiance is pretty neat thoughLoved it. Cool art, great food, reasonable price, delicious coffee. Trendy but not rude.Exceptional coffee in a really cool atmosphere. Immediately upon entering Merchant, you'll feel like you've been transported somewhere else. Merchant has a sparse yet chic design with modern fixtures juxtaposed against rustic wood. Merchant's slogan is coffee, crepes, and grapes. No grapes (wine) yet but Merchant sells sandwiches, salads, crepes, pastries and possibly the best coffee I've ever had. Merchant exclusively brews Illy coffee, served in stylish cups. On my first visit, I ordered the duck confit sandwich, which has olive tapenade and red peppers. I found these flavors to be too strong for my taste. I preferred the pancetta crepe, which I had on my second visit. There may be better sandwiches and crepes in New Orleans, but there is no better coffee. If you're in the CBD and want coffee, breakfast or lunch, check out Merchant.Love this place.  Fun, clean and healthy!  Amazing coffee:). Try the breakfast turkey and egg crepe! Yum.Winter (server) is super friendly and nice. Food is fresh and delicious. Stayed for four days in NOLA and visited Merchant three times. Might come back for a fourth if we have time.Friendly staff,  Fantastic crepes (I had the turkey was the best and most creative crepe I have ever had).  Definitely worth a shot.Staying at the Renassaince across the street and yelled gluten-free options. Pleasantly surprised it was so close as I normally have trouble finding gluten free options. The crepe was a little dry but, usually expected. It was listed as Buckwheat on the menu however, when I ordered was informed it's now made out of chickpeas. I waned something savory as it was lunch time. The gentleman recommended the prosciutto. The flavors came together and blended very well. Delicious fulfilling and didn't feel overly full. The staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is very modern coffee shop sit and talk. Will def make this a staple in this trip.Great spot for a quick bite!  I had the fig'ma jig breakfast sandwich, and it was really tasty. They also have illy coffee/espresso, which is always great.  I also love the design of this place - very euro.  We were here on a Monday morning, so it was fun sitting in a window seat and watching the people scurry about.After posting my initial review where I gave them 1 star, I showed up to work 12 hours later to find a hand-written letter and a can of Illy coffee from the owner of Merchant. WHAT?!!! The lovely note which invited me back was signed by everyone who works there. I was super impressed that they would go that far to regain my confidence. This act alone is worth 5 stars and yes, I will definitely go back.Aw man this place is incredible.  The staff helped us plan our week by recommending places to eat/visit. I really liked the setup, crepes were excellent, presentation of our food/drinks add to the good vibes. Good local place to relax and drink coffee.Apparently, their chai is the only chai in the city that is made in-house. It was decent and I enjoyed how hot and small my portion size was. It's more on the pricey side.
The interior is beautiful. It reminds you of what a young and hip coffee shop next to a fancy tech company would be like. It combines artsy and fun shapes and sizes. I would stay longer if I could.
The horchata pudding wasn't so great. It was expensive and there wasn't much flavor to it.
I'll be back to try their pastries, especially their almond croissant. Several people bought that while I was waiting in line.came back, had to have the turkey one more time.  Had the turkey sandwich,  Stll very good but not as tasty as the crepe.  If/when I came back to New Orleans I will definitely stop by this place.Delicious. Loved my crepe with turkey and figs. Expertly crafted cappuccino!  Clean and contemporary little eatery in CBD with friendly staff and great music playing over the system. Modern and comfortable with fresh quality ingredients. Servings are just right. I'll stop by here next time I'm around.Oh my! How I love this place! On looks alone it gets three stars, but the food. Oh, the food! Everything here is delicious. The bread and croissants are scrumptious. Goat cheese, rah!!!!! And they sell Mexican Bottle Coca-Cola! Add the great service and warm environment and you may have one of the best breakfast joints in a place where that phrase means quite a lot!I got the Tempesta which is like a frapp and goat cheese salad. The Tempesta is sweetened just enough. The goat cheese salad was just what I needed. Just because I'm on vacation in Nola doesn't mean I need to eat greasy fattening food breakfast lunch and dinner. I'm so thankful for this place. The only negative thing I would say about the salad is that it didn't have enough dressing, which I'm sure I can ask for extra. And maybe if they added a fruit with the salad like grapes, apples or mangoes. Something a tiny bit sweet. But other than that I love this place and would def come back. The staff is also really nice.This is my favorite coffee shop in New Orleans and def in the CBD.
Great food, amazing coffee, and love the atmosphere.Was excited about going based off great reviews. Ordered a French press and a panini. The French press is in a paper cup and when I received it they already pushed it down. Coffee was terrible. Panini was average. Yolk overdone. Average place with average service. Much better places to go.Happened to stumble on this hidden gem on Mother's Day while trying to find a good brunch restaurant; I was so happy i did!
It's a cute little cafe with mostly bar stools in the main area and more tables lining a hallway to the side. A bit unorthodox of a set-up but still plenty of space.
Being our first time (came with my fiancé) we asked the person behind the register for recommendations and she was very patient and friendly. We ended up splitting the prosciutto crepe and Biscoff cookie crepe
The prosciutto crepe looked and tasted amazing - the flour for the crepe was very then and well made. Not chewy at all. The contents of the crepe blended together perfectly and tasted very high class - like prosciutto should. Would definitely highly recommend this crepe.
We got the Biscoff crepe because we love Biscoff cookies, and it did not disappoint. It was like a mix of Biscoff crumbles and Biscoff cookie cream in the same high quality crepe batter - very tasty and not too sweet.
Would highly recommend this place - it's worth taking the extra time to find it. Sounds like they're usually busier, we caught them right before the rush, so expect a line. But I would totally stand in line for this place again!Banana and nutella crepe. Made to order in front of me. Need I say more? Okay, so I will. Cool, funky ambience. Friendly, outgoing staff. Nice location in the CBD, right across from the Renaissance Pere Marquette - so convenient. In a city full of great coffee shops, Merchant more than holds its own and goes beyond with a thoughtful and interesting selection of food on its menu.European vibes, delicious food,
and awesome atmosphere. The Cure crepe was absolutely phenomenal. So glad we stopped here for breakfast on our way out of town!Excellent crepes and sandwiches served on a baguette. The baguette is the real deal. This is how a real baguette should look and taste.What a cool spot.  Crepes were tasty and the Illy coffee was simply fantastic.  I was most impressed with the staff.  They all seemed eager to go out of their way to make my experience at Merchant a memorable one.  If you are in the area, you should definitely stop by. You won't regret it.Last time I was in New Orleans, I visited Merchant at the strong recommendation of a friend.  I love good coffee and it doesn't get any better than the Illy that Merchant serves.  It's deeply flavorful, yet smooth with nary a hint of a bitter after-taste like you get from Seattle Coffee Shops.   
Not only did I enjoy the coffee, but I also had an apple and cinnamon crepe that was prepared by a delightful young lady who was originally from Hungary.  The crepe was delicious and the service was outstanding.
The last thing that I'll mention about Merchant is that it's unique.  It's contemporary and cool in a minimalistic way.  I give their architect\designer an A+.
While Merchant is clearly not what you think of as being "traditional New Orleans', it is well worth the visit when you're there.Pretty disappointed by this place, the food was very average at best but the real problems were the sanitary issues. No one making food used gloves and I did not see a sink anywhere around. One of the girls was using the cash register and then went over to make our crepes, one of the guys used a rag from under the coffee machine to wipe something down and then went right to making my sandwich.  Staff would wipe there faces/nose and then make my food without washing hands. Not sure if that's normal down here but really not ok IMO. Amazing how no one else has pointed this out or how they have not gotten people sick.What a great place! Delicious food that tastes light and fresh! Loved the turkey crepe. Perfect meld of flavors. Even the tomato was super tasty. Ambiance is really cool with lots of interesting art.  Friendly staff.Lindísimo y moderno café en pleno centro de Nola.
Está en el lobby de un mega edificio de oficinas así que labura todo el día. Mucho arte en las paredes, y café muy fuerte.
En comida ofrecen ensaladas y la especialidad de la casa son crepes. Gigantes crepes con queso o pollo o cosas así.
La atención es muy buena, el wifi vuela y el lugar es muy lindo.
Ideal para un pitstop almorzativoLoved the yogurt, berries & granola!  Plus the French press coffee was smooth & flavorful.  Must stop here for coffee & healthy good eatsWe were in New Orleans for business over the week and pleasure over the weekend.  Being tired of traditional fare, I decided to see what Yelp had to say about local breakfast joints.  That's when we found Merchant.
A little off the beaten path, a block away from Canal/Bourbon Street, Merchant is as pleasing to the eye as it is to the palate.  We were immediately greeted by nearly everyone working there as we made our way to the order counter.  Talk about some tough choices (reference the picture of the menu on their Yelp page)!  We decided on two macchiatos and crepes (one nutella and banana; one nutela and strawberry).  
Holy crepe.  The meal was incredible and 1000% better than anything else I could have purchased along the way from my hotel.  The crepes was freshly made by a crepe magician behind the counter (sorry I missed her name).  The espresso drinks were masterfully created by one of the guys (another name forgotten).  Together, the breakfast was one for the books.  
We were so impressed with our meal, we got some cappuccinos to go and are going back for brunch before our flight tomorrow.
Kudos to Merchant for exceeding expectations and making a lasting impression.  
Bottom line: If you want some really tasty and high quality fine dining coupled with relaxed environment, look no further than Merchant!I love this little cafe.  I stop by every month when in town on business. Great coffee and the best crepes in NOLA.Enjoyable! Got the Fig-amajig (breakfast sandwich) and a green tea iced latte (which was meh but not awful), friend got the chicory iced coffee (with real chicory root! Delicious!) and a Cuban (which he said was okay as a ham sandwich but really wasn't a Cuban sandwich). We both enjoyed our meal and the chic atmosphere. Friendly staff, too.Friendly staff, great crepes especially the Nutella/banana. Love that the savory crepes are served with a little salad. Coffee is great too and all around good vibes.The food & drinks here are fabulous! I ordered the turkey & fig crepe, which was amazing. I also had the chicory latte, which was also fantastic. Definitely recommend!Beautifully designed European cafe! Stopped in for an iced cappuccino (perfectly  made with Illy espresso). Will definitely be back for a panini, salad or glass of wine.
What an impressive addition to downtown.Great breakfast/brunch spot. I got the crepes with Nutella and banana and it was delicious. It was fluffy and filled with Nutella. I've had Nutella crepes elsewhere where they just sprinkle it on the top which is so annoying but crepes here were really great. Service was quick and staff were friendly. Place also seemed clean. I recommend this place!Right by Wyndam Garden on Baronne which is where we stayed. Both mornings we took a morning walk to Merchant and I had a latte which was delicious. I'm a starbucks basic bish so I like my coffee sweet, but this latte changed my life, it was just the right amount of everything, great cup of coffee. The 2nd morning I had the Turkey and Fig a Majig croissant, and it was delicious. We talked to the owner briefly and they're expanding to Houston Galleria area. Looking forward to having them here.Wish there was on option for zero stars. Initially excited to see a coffee shop serve Illy, since it is a great coffee. Nice contemporary space. We walked in at 2:45 pm on a Saturday afternoon, only to be told that the shop is closed (even though the posted closing time was 3pm and the door was unlocked) and they cannot serve anything since the machines have already been cleaned. Without offering any other beverage options, the rude shop server just held the door open for us to leave. This while other customers sat and drank coffee (although there were few of them ... no wonder). I have never felt this unwelcome and insulted. In fact we were so shocked we left in silence. This gives New Orleans, otherwise impeccable reputation for welcoming travelers (that we experienced in other places), a bad name. Recommend turning right around  - try Croissant D'Or or Cafe Petite Amelie in the French Quarter in stead (not just because they are in the French Quarter). The Starbucks reserve is also in the area - Canal Street.I cannot believe what a pleasant lunch I had today.  Merchant, thank you so much for the delicious food, hot espresso, and great service.  I look forward to seeing you again soon!!  For those who are wondering where to have lunch downtown today, ya' gotta try this place.Good coffee. Very very poor service. The people were not friendly to 'first timers' wanted coffee different than at home and to my surprise in NOLA they were not warm or friendly.from Seattle looking for a cute breakfast place for a quick bite and great coffee. This place delivered. Highly recommend.Amazing spot! Great decor & ambiance. Highly recommend the mia copa croissant: eggs, spicey coppa, avocado & goat cheese on an incredibly fresh & flakey croissant.Awesome Crepes!  Very modern and urban feel to the restaurant.  Crepes and coffee were amazing both days I went there for breakfast.  The staff was quick and very helpful with any questions on the menu or about the city.This place felt like a little bit of home (Los Angeles) while roaming the street of NOLA. My boyfriend and I strolled over from the Roosevelt to grab a simple pick-me-up and discovered the Tempesta: a delicious blend of lightly sweetened espresso, milk and ice that comes to a foamy kind of consistency that just glides over your taste buds. 
Delicious, even for those who are not usual coffee fans.
Great selection of unique salads, sandwiches, soda, brunch and CREPE(!) options. Great service. Great atmosphere. Great place to tuck into when a flash storm hits.I am a coffee head yes indeed. I knew I wanted to visit at least one place in Orleans. This was close to the hotel and we loved it. Nice,quiet, clean, windows for people watching and they also had wifi.  The interior decor is very nice also. Yaaaaas I got a fancy latte..... we will be back. Good coffee and service.  They also sell fruit, muffins a lil breakfast  and salads.We had breakfast at Merchant and it was great. (It was not super efficient service as the personal looked like everything was the first time they saw it.) Design and menu gets A+No wait, service with a smile. Strong coffee and savory breakfast sandwich. Delicious way to start the day! Great option when the waits at the usual haunts are redic.Los Platos estában sucios , Lucian grasientos , la presentación muy mala , deberían de ofrecer jugos recién exprimidos y no concentrados , los sabores bien , buena combinacion y accesible en precios, pero con la presentación ya dañaron el momentoI had the good fortune to visit New Orleans this past August, staying at a great hidden away AirBnB that was just a 3 minute walk to Merchant.  I got the chance to visit Merchant twice during my visit and it was a great piece of my memories NOLA. 
On both occasions I spent about an hour or so in the mornings while my girlfriend attended meetings at a convention. Armed with a good book, both visits had me enjoying a press coffee combined with a nice breakfast sandwich, the Buon Giorno, which consists of egg, ham, turkey, and fontina on ciabatta. Really a pretty tasty way to start the morning.  
The staff were always friendly and happy to see you walk in the door.  It was really a pleasant, welcoming experience. The decor is pretty spacious while being a bit sparse (and not in a bad way).  There is seating looking out onto the sidewalk. While not much of a view, it's still a good opportunity to people watch nonetheless. 
 I'll definitely recommend it to anyone thinking of visiting the city.I can say that I more than enjoyed eating not just breakfast but also dinner all in the same day at merchant. If that is not a statement I don't know what is. And each time the food was freshly made. Before the end of my trip I will also be visiting this place. Excellent job.We only had coffee here, but it tasted a little burnt. Cute on the inside and heard the food is pretty decent, but didn't have time for a bite.I stopped by this modest Café before an interview. The coffee options were reasonably impressive, and the service was quite nice. I like the fact that they offer various hot breakfast sandwiches. I had the cold brew with my meal, which wasn't bad but I'm not a particularly big fan of Illy coffee. My breakfast sandwich was based on a lox Bagel sort of concept, and they grilled up a fresh egg to throw on it. The smoked-salmon salmon seems tasty enough and the capers we're good as expected. I think that for the price that you pay and the service you get this little Locale is worth a stop.Friendly place that is serving fantastic sweet & savory crepes. Came here with a reasonably big group and had trouble finding a spot as there was a line of people trying to get in. In the end we all had a great experience on an early Sunday morning. Would definitely walk over here from the main strip again when I'm here.I wish I had found this place as soon as I arrived in NOLA. Go here. The food is fresh and delicious and the staff is very friendly. 
This morning I had a small chicory latte and a Parma croissant. Let me tell you, it's a bit pricy, but it's worth it. The croissant was so fluffy and soft and the sandwich was perfectly cooked right in front of me. 
I'd never had chicory coffee before NOLA, but if I could replicate this every day, I totally would. That chicory latte was small, delicious, and mighty.