Showed up at 7:30 for an 8:30 reservation and planned on spending 1 hour at the bar.  Spent 1.5 hours and they were 30 minutes late seating us.  Come on!  I made a reservation.  Do not count on their reservation system!I went with a group of 8 people on opening night.  We elected to go "family style" and ordered a ton of dishes and shared everything. The food was all incredible! No complaints there whatsoever. However, the service was seriously lacking.
Half of us ordered Moscow Mules and after waiting 20 minutes for them, the bartender came out and told us he didn't have all the ingredients to make them - except he only told 2 of the 4 that ordered them so 2 people re-ordered drinks which were delivered 10 min later and the other 2 were still empty handed. 
We had to ask for silverware and plates multiple times. At one point a server tried to clear our share plates but we were waiting for more food so asked to keep them because it took so long initially for them to even bring them the first time. They apologized and assured us they would be back with clean plates ASAP so we let them take the dirty plates. Then nobody brought more!!! We had to ask the server who brought the food and they sent over somebody else with 4 plates - but there were 8 of us!  So another delay while we waited for more plates. 
I should also mention that while it was opening night, the restaurant was well staffed and should have been able to maintain an appropriate level of service. We often saw servers chatting with each other by the server stations while we were waiting for plates or silverware, etc. they clearly had free time to talk which should have been used to check on their tables. I worked in the restaurant industry for 6 years so have reasonable expectations when it comes to service. If the servers were all slammed, I would have forgiven the poor service but that just wasn't the case.  
I've eaten at 4 different Emeril's restaurants and all have been exceptional up until this one. I am hoping they will supervise their wait staff better so service improves because the food was delicious and I would love to go back - just not until service improves.It's a good restaurant, the setup and decor remind me of Emeril's version of Peche - and be aware it is very loud when full.  To start with, the cocktail and wine list are fantastic.  and who offers 35 wines by the glass??  Food however was good but generally not great.  Meatballs were pretty good but a bit overpriced for 3 small meatballs and definitely had too much fennel/anise flavor for me.  The snow pea "salad" with Asian flavors was unique and pretty good but maybe missing that last ingredient to fully make it pop.  Chorizo flatbread is definitely one of the larger portions but had thin matchsticks of chorizo that didn't give it much chorizo flavor at all.  The hit of the meal was pasta shells with crawfish and a mushroom cream sauce, while the Gulf Shrimp were cooked perfectly in the wood fired oven and tasty but probably a bit overpriced for 4 shrimp in New Orleans where shrimp are cheap.
Was it a nice experience?  Yes.  Did it blow me away?  No.  That being said, I'll likely return for a casual dinner, especially with the great glass pour list, so I'll round up to 4 stars.  I certainly prefer Peche with a similar atmosphere and price point but Meril is a very different menu and will hopefully kick the flavor up a notch as they're open longer and refine & update the menu.We were 2 ladies at the bar for drinks and a few bites to eat.  Service at the bar was almost non-existent...like we were invisible.  One glass of wine and we decided to move our evening somewhere where we would be treated better!Cornbread, get in my belly!  Seriously though everything we tried on the menu was excellent.  It was well spiced with rich flavors, and perfectly cooked.  While this isn't cheap eats, it was definitely worth it accounting for the quality of the food.Went to Meril on Wednesday 3/1 for a birthday celebration!  Everything from the cocktails to the food and service was wonderful!  Reggie and Noah, our servers were just a blast!  We had deviled eggs, pork tacos and truffle potato chips for appetizers, I had a snow pea salad (it was huge and can be shared for sure), one of us had the jerk chicken thighs, 3 of us had the fish of the day - Pompano over a bed snap peas and Brussels sprouts with bacon and a wonderful sauce, and one of us had the cheese flatbread and Mexican corn.  For dessert we shared the Dulce de leche bread pudding, the coconut cake and one of the specials that had bananas in it!  Our birthday girl got the cotton candy with a large sparkler candle!  Service was spectacular and food was awesome!  Thanks Meril for a lovely evening!The Boudin Tamales are to die for!  Great service!  The plates are small but it's nice since you can try several different things. Pretty expensive but we knew that going in.  Atmosphere is good and not too loud. Definitely need reservations on the weekends. Would recommend!This was excellent. I sat at the bar overlooking the kitchen and got to interact with the chefs. I had the flatbread and it was wonderful. I highly recommend this restaurant. btw .. there is a story that the turkey necks dish started with Chef Eugene and Chef Joe at Cafe Reconcile.Great dinner last night at Meril.  Fantastic wine and beer list. I had the Portuguese alvarinho and my wife had a French rose. Started by splitting a brussel sprout and sweet potato salad with blue cheese and grapes. Sounds like an odd combination but it worked and was great. We each had pasta, and it was a great portion.  I had the shrimp and fennel rigatoni and it was fantastic. Last, great service and we arrived within an hour of restaurant closing.Excellent service at not crazy prices! Great service by all the staff but also Texas our server!We went to Merils at 5pm, prefect timing,  it was happy hour,  we had $5 wine by the glass, flat Bread Pizza with chorizo,  deviled eggs with cajun caviar, and upside down corn bread topped with bacon. Great food, great atmosphere,  staff was friendly and service was great as well.So glad we decided to visit this place for lunch. We started with the smoked gulf fish dip which was absolutely delicious! Very fresh and light on the pallet. There was just a hint of lemon that rounded out the flavor nicely. I had the Nero pasta which had large chunks of fresh crabmeat and a light lemon butter sauce. Much more like a broth than a heavy pasta sauce. My husband had the jerk chicken thighs which as expected were more "carribean" than actual jerk but still good. The smoked fish dip was so good we skipped dessert and had another fish dip. Kinda wished we had dessert because everything was so delicious but we will certainly be back!I very much enjoyed my meal at Meril. The ambiance was casual yet classy, the food was delicious, but the best part of my experience at Meril was the staff! Everybody from the bussers to the servers to the bartenders were obviously having a great time... it is so refreshing to be at a restaurant where the staff is having FUN.Food amazing. Service good. Drinks okay. Edamame salad, beet pasta amazing. Skip dessert and specialty cocktails.This place is great. Atmosphere is so fun! You can go casual or dressy. The drinks are perfect. I trust everything off their menu. Their food selection are "snack" oriented not full meals but that gives you the option to try different items. THE BRUSSEL  SPROUTS!!! How the heck can anyone make those taste good idk but this place can. Def a must visit!This was probably the most fun of all the Emeril places I have been to. Small plates, lots of sharing. This is the perfect place for that. Loved the causal feel to it. 
Do make a reservation!  It is a must. The chorizo flatbread is a must!  Croquets yum!  Loved the rubs. There was so much to try!Great ambiance! We celebrated a birthday and it was a great choice! Tamales were delicious; I could have ordered 4 and made it a meal! Pasta Nero was delicious! Bar was a bit slow and deserts were average - my fried rice pudding balls were not exciting :(
I would definitely go back!We called to let them know we would be 5 minutes late due to traffic and rainy road conditions and were informed they would hold the table for 15 minutes (total) before releasing it-but when we arrived- were told we would have to wait 10 minutes for a table. The bar was overly crowded and we couldn't find a place to stand. We ordered from the harried bartender and hoped the drinks were better than the attitudes of the staff. The bartender soon smiled (perhaps our orders of high end drinks persuaded him) and we were playing musical standing location for more than 10 minutes before led to a table in the middle of the dining room. Empty tables scattered around made us wonder if they were short staffed but the loud conversations made us feel that the customer were enjoying their evening. Several people were celebrating birthdays- and presented with cotton candy on a stick and a sparkler-which added to the vibrant atmosphere. We decided to order several small plates/appetizers/desserts and only one entree to split for 4 of us. Waiter was helpful and friendly-although had to be reminded several times  to bring dessert menu and never did bring the coffee I ordered. THE HIGHLIGHT OF THE NIGHT WAS MEETING FELIX! We had heard there was a gentleman there- bussing tables perhaps- filling water glasses- and making the experience so well worth the trip to NOLA. Having met Emeril in the past at his original restaurant- we felt that Felix had a similar presence as the great chef himself. Felix changed the entire energy of our evening. His smile exuded warmth-his laugh infectious. Arriving to the states was our gain ( and Turkey's loss) and we even asked the manager to snap our photo with him. The food was very good-but Felix was more than the icing on the cake of the evening.This is an awesome spot. The atmosphere is inviting from the music, decor, and ambiance. The food is delightful!!! I've been here with family and everything was great. The pork chop is the best on the menu.  Also, the chicken, rigatoni, flatbreads, and all the appetizers are wonderful. I can't forget the drinks. My cousin loved the No. 11. But I'm a whiskey and bourbon drinker and the No. 52 is my fave. This place has great service and the waiters pay attention to detail and work together. 
P.s. if you go for a birthday (which each time i went it seems like every other table is celebrating one) let them know and they will bring you fresh, homemade cotton candy!!Meril's hmmmm...where do I begin... the ambience is amazing and the service was superb. I had the appetizer of calamari and a vodka tonic as my drink... simply amazing. The calamari was prepared different than what I'm accustomed to, it was delicious. I loved the white bean purée. My friend ordered the candied coated ribs and gloated about them all night. As for my entree the pork belly was ideally thought of as something different so not a fan. The hand cut fries were amazing. I expected something different and when communicated to the server he didn't offer me anything else. He tried really hard to keep us laughing then he disappeared and another server began taking care of us... totally weird. It was insulting because we had to call him over and ask why he stopped attending to our table. Unfortunately, I think he was offended because a drink ordered at the bar did not meet the taste of one of my friends and he went to the bar and communicated with the bartender on how to make it better. I had 4 stars but reflecting on his disappearing act and attitude towards the end of the evening, I had to one star back. Shout-out to the waiter to took care of us in his absence. I will attempt once more and try something else. Overall,  it was a nice experience.Delicious meal and typical of fancy restaurants portions will not leave you feeling bloated. The lemon ice cream with rasberry was a great end to a faboulous dinner. The cone was so perfectly textured.Perfect service very quick meal. Maybe a little to quick hadn't finished salads before other choice arriving. Food was fresh and attention to detail on presentation. Finally had to stop bringing tea refills before I floated out of there. Lol. Peanut butter chocolate banana pie amazing. Like it just as much as Emeril  's  banana cream pie .The music, the food, the atmosphere was everything! We went for my cousin's birthday and the staff made it a memorable experience, great service. I loved the candied pork ribs, they were to die for. I would definitely come back, I thoroughly enjoyed my first time!Went last night and had a mediocre experience. 
Service and atmosphere were great. It's a loud place, so don't expect an intimate quiet dining experience (fine by me). Service was great. We had plenty of attention from our two waiters.
The food was just NOT fantastic. We ordered 2 appetizers (spring rolls, calamari) and the calamari was good but like the the majority of the food we received it was cold. Spring rolls. Just skip them and head to your local Vietnamese place. 
For our main course we ordered short ribs (tough, not impressive), Spanish shrimp (these were ok), and the fish of the day which was a grilled redfish in a boullibasse.  The redfish was outstanding, piping hot, and just shows that this is where Emeril shines. We also had the cauliflower which came out ice cold (they replaced it) but it just wasn't great and the Brussel sprouts which I loved. Dessert was pecan pie (excellent) and bread pudding (very small, not impressive). 
Like other reviewers said the plates are small. We spent about $60 per person on food and did not feel overly full. 
Hopefully they can work on things. It was pretty cool to see Emeril in the kitchen :)Very Nice place. So crowded we had to sit facing the kitchen which was cramped but kind of interesting. I would suggest reservations of course but it was very good. The waiters suggestion was excellent, that cornbread was awesome!this place gave our group such an amazing dinner! we arrived with a large group and it was no problem at all for the restaurant to handle. the service was excellent (texas was our server) and the kitchen was on top of the dishes. the energy in the restaurant was awesome and the staff seemed excited to be there. the restaurant manager was present and actively ensuring that everyone dining was enjoying themselves. we kept the place open and even so the service was still great and we even got to wrap up the night with a chat and visit from Emeril! we definitely can't wait to go back.My sister and I were visiting from San Francisco and were told to check this place out by several foodie friends. We came to NOLA specifically for the food and art scene so we decided to stay in the warehouse district. The ambiance is nice. The food was amazing! The service was meh. My sister asked for bread and there seemed to be some frustrated annoyed response from the waiter. First of all, life is too short to be annoyed over little things like a customer asking for something not on the menu such as bread. What made this situation even more uncomfortable was how the waiter presented my sisters request to the kitchen crew and of course we were eyed by the crew. The attitude for the rest of the evening was cold and odd. I decided we weren't going to have dessert and asked for everything to go. I really wanted to like this place and add it to my eatiology Instagram page but the service killed it for me. I may try going to the bar for a drink and maybe dessert to see if I can take pics and blog about it. The best part was seeing the hostess from Herbsaint.Went for Sunday brunch to visit the new spot and Chef Darren.  I could ramble on about which plate was the best, but we were treated to many and all were great.  Some of the best I've had in NOLA after living there for 20 years.  The staff were superb and the atmosphere was very open, airy and pleasant.  I am not one for long recommendations, so just go, you will not be unhappy with your choice.  CheersAmbiance was great. Thought it was more upscale being an Emile associated establishment. Really casual. Folks there with small children running around with abandon.
The better half and I ordered only a couple of appetizers as we were not that hungry. All above the wait staff was spot on. Unfortunately our waiter was a wee bit snippy.  Guess he expected us to spend or eat more...?
Would I go back yes, with a prayer we won't get the same waiter.
:)Disappointed. ...have dined at three of Emeril's other restaurants and the  food and service at Meril were  both disappointing.  My husband and I arrived for a late lunch . The service was slow. While tables around us were being serviced somewhat promptly we had to wait more than 15 minutes before we ordered our snack/appetizer. Then when we received the fish snack it was bland,  no flavor.  My husband ordered steak that was tough. My fish was okay, nothing creative or impressive. I ordered the lemon  icebox pie, again unimpressed, don't bother.   To add to this disappointing experience the waiter wasn't engaging and  only  came to the table to deliver food and the check.  I won't return, this was a one and done.While visiting Nola with friends during Essence Festival, we decided to dine at Meril for one of our friend's birthday. Having all dined at an Emeril restaurant in the past, we were all excited for his meal. 
I'm pleased to say we weren't disappointed. We each enjoyed our entrees. I went with the lamb pasta (I forgot the actual name) but it had a red sauce and it was quiet tasty. We also had the deviled eggs for an appetizer which were fantastic!
My one caveat about this restaurant is the entire dessert menu including the birthday dessert. Not sure why they chose cotton candy as the dessert option but it's not good at all. Also the prices for a scoop of ice cream are ridiculous.Enjoyed my meal very much. Everything is a small plate which means you can try several dishes. I had the corn and crawfish bisque. Made me wish soups had refills like soft drinks. Also had the fried oyster salad-oysters were crispy and light-they may have been marinated in something. Great service from a cadre of servers even if one of them overdid the excitement at us ordering and overused the word, "awesome". So I have to say, Meril was really really Awesome!Went here for lunch on our last day in New Orleans and we definitely SAVED THE BEST FOR LAST!
Everything from the decor, service and food was amazing.  We were served by two waiters who were hosting all the parties in the main dining area.  They were great as a team and super attentative.  
We had the brussels sprouts and market vegetable pizza to start.  The brussels were crisp and had a beautiful sauce to compliment it's natural flavor.  The market pizza had an amazing crust. Crispy with a nice bite.  My partner had the oyster tacos and I had the halibut with crab friend rice. All the flavors we're amazing. I loved thethai curry butter on my dish and requested for more.  After Al that good we also shared their banana foster cake.moist cake, banana cream cheese frosting, crispy bannaa chips and candied walnuts. Explosion of wonderfully accented flavors. 
We can't wait to come back to new Orleans and to return to Merils.had a wonderful late lunch at Meril. really enjoyed the experience, which was facilitated by the wonderful wait staff. the drinks were sparkling and refreshing, the food was very good. will return for sure.Underwhelming. Small portions with subpar quality priced as exceptional dining. 
Could get any of the entrees at other restaurants in larger portions with similar if not better culinary experience. 
Loud venue for conversations amongst party. Crowded. 
Will not be coming backI hope you made your reservations!!! Emril did a great job with this restaurant! I love the small plates as we were a party of 7 and wanted to try a lot of things the deviled eggs, roasted cauliflower, flatbreads, pineapple upside down cornbread, Brussels, and shrimp tacos were delicious!!! The service was great and we loved the atmosphere.Service was excellent - thanks Corey and Mike! They were nice to my special needs brother too, so extra points.
Meril is a restaurant of small plates that you can share. I love the idea but some items need more work. And they should have more offerings.
BUTTERMILK BISCUIT - good
Foie Gras Butter * Blackberry Preserves
FISH DIP - okay, smoked but otherwise very bland
HOUSEMADE MEATBALLS - good but only 3 small meatballs
Burrata Mozzarella
UPSIDE-DOWN CORNBREAD - very good and a nice balance with the bacon
Pineapple * House Bacon Marmalade
LASAGNA BOLOGNESE - excellent
Béchamel
SHELLS - very good but the crawfish is in the sauce
Louisiana Crawfish * Tasso * Sundried Tomato * Smoked Mushroom Cream
LEMON ICE BOX PIE - excellent
DULCE DE LECHE BREAD PUDDING - poor, lump of bread with sauce
I would give it a 3 1/2 but am rounding up for service.This should be on your list for New Orleans restaurants to return to on every visit. Something for every one. Great value. Unique flavors. Beautiful venue. Outstanding service. 
I don't think I need to say more!Overall experience was okay. Great service though. Hubby and I ordered fries with lemon mayo, it was good.
Cornbread with bacon marmalade was better to my husband, but not to me. Short ribs were too asian flavored (too much of a sauce, but no which one).shells was,prettt good, and nero fettuccine was also,okay. Drinks were just okay too!DID NOT ENJOY, drink #20
Overall experience was just okay.Pretty disappointed considering the food was probably 8/10 stars. Service was no where up to par for a restaurant of this caliber. Server was an order taker not what you wanted and needed. Ask for our drink order then our food order with no explanation. Had to pull some recommendations out of him and have him explain the menu. Very un attentive throughout the entire meal extremely disappointingWe love coming back here weekly if we can.  The lamb pappardelle is my latest obsession !Had a very good meal here with a large group of friends.  We ordered a bunch of small dishes and ate family-style.  Everything was good except the salad with fried oysters and bleu cheese.  The cheese and sauce were so impossibly salty that I could not eat more than a bite.  I would have thought the waiter would've asked if there was a problem, but he did not.  He seemed harried, and in a bit of a hipster fog.  Water glasses when unfilled, second-drink orders were not taken promptly, and he generally seemed indifferent.
Poor service was not enough to keep me from going again though.  The room itself is huge, airy and well-decorated.  Better than his fancier, formal restaurants, especially for a group.
I was also pleasantly surprised at how quickly the food came out, but I guess they just made vats and trays of huge portions, and dole them out that way.Excellent first meal in New Orleans on this trip. Four of us split the roasted Brussels sprouts, shrimp and caviar deviled eggs, appetizer of the day (seafood egg rolls), tuna wrap, rock shrimp tacos. Everything was amazing! The weakest (and they're not "weak") were the deviled eggs.From the moment we entered we were treated to a relaxing evening that nonetheless met every standard an exacting restaurant critic could impose.  We were immediately guided to a table we wouldn't have dreamed of requesting; close in proximity to the open (glassed in) kitchen where we could observe them at work, yet could enjoy an evening with one another, unimpeded by noxious distractions.  The service was conscientious, yet unobtrusive.  Servers were knowledgeable about the menu offerings, which can be problematic for a relatively new restaurant.  Friendly, yet professional.  This is a restaurant with small offerings, reasonably priced, which makes it possible to try lots of different things, especially if there are two or more patrons.  Fun is not forgotten; I've never seen cotton candy as an offering in a restaurant before.  This a restaurant I want to visit again and again!I thought this restaurant was super fun! The service was amazing from start to finish. The dishes are small plates, so its perfect to try things and if it's not to your taste, you haven't wasted a whole plate! I think every dish is very well thought out, and the flavors are fantastic. The drinks are good -- the two I got were good (I got one that had aperol and lavender syrup in it -- it tasted like a caprisun. Maybe good for some or maybe not for others? I liked it but wouldn't say loved it).
Dishes I tried:
1. Turkey Necks: These are amazing from start to finish and mostly because of the lemon-y cumin sauce that is to die for. If splitting leave them in the sauce while sharing (get comfortable folks) -- and don't bother knife and fork. Eat that sucker like a chicken wing.
2. Rock Shrimp Tacos: The shrimp was perfect and the sauce on them was great. My one complaint: the taco was just fried shrimp and a sliver of pickled onion. Where is the cabbage or any sort of crunch?? Maybe as a native Californian my taco standards are too specific?
3. Fried Chicken Livers: These are actually like ground friend chicken liver on a crouton with a bunch of delicious things. Every bite was a flavor adventure. If you don't like game-y flavor be careful.
4. Pork Belly: So delicious! If you like pork belly and/or fatty meat, with excellent flavor (so most people??) you'll like this
5. calamari: This calamari is so good -- perfectly fried and the olives add that citrus. Yum.
6. THE WINNER: there was a special, it was a fried oyster salad with arugula and fennel and a garlic dressing. The oysters were just fantastic. The spice was amazing. I think they should have it on the menu always.
Dessert: the bread pudding had the best flavor, and was so moist, its more of a custard than bread pudding!Outstanding food! Wonderful service!
Our party of six ordered the fried chicken livers (a must), Mexican corn (yummy), the pasta Nero(omg), the candied pork ribs (fabulous fall of the bone goodness), a pasta fennel dish with shrimp (the flavor out of this world)...the open floor warehouse type of layout feels just right...Next time I'm in NOLA I'm making a B-line to this place!!! Thank you Emeril!1st time and it def won't be my last! My boyfriend and I started out with the chorizo flatbread pizza, tuna wraps (it says it has a jalapeño, and siracha don't get scared ) amaziiiiing and lastly we got a crabmeat pasta with caviar. We split all of these dishes and still had room for dessert.. king cake tres leche! It almost tasted like a really good bread pudding. Everything was just great. Reasonably priced and we made it in time for happy hour. The service was outstanding. Our waiter was very knowledge and helped us pick out some great dishes. I think I might've found my new fav restaurant in Nola! We will be back!This place is a casual gourmet cutting edge spot in a beautiful new space. It is a small plates place but the plates are very filling. We got 4 for $40 and had too much food. I would highly recommend the smoked fish dip, and the flatbreads. And the brussel sprout sweet potato dish was awesome. This place is not for everybody but if you are looking for something different and creative, you will love it.I really like the food here. It is a shame to give it one star but I have to because about 6 hours after eating there I got deadly sick with food poisoning and had to reschedule my flight the next morning and extend my stay as I couldn't even get out of bed. 
If you are a gambler maybe check it outFood was solid, with shrimp dishes being the highlight. Try the rock shrimp tacos as a starter.  With a small-plates menu, you can get a few things and enjoy. If we were to go again, we'd pass on the Korean BBQ shirt-ribs.  
Had an issue with our reservation and couldn't get a table for 30 minutes plus. Manager did the right thing, however, and took care of us when we then opted to order dinner at the bar.  
All in all- a good dining experience.Great service , drinks are great reason for the 3 Stars is the food is good but consider the price not as good as some of the area Reasturant's also had one of the special pasta dish with bay scallops that I had to return ( I never do that) but for $20 for a very small portion of cold pasta and scallops that were very fishy is not something I would expect at this type of restaurant.We had heard a lot of good things about this new restaurant, and were excited to try it out last night. Really big  bar scene with lots of folks having fun. Decor and Service were great.Prices were reasonable.
So what's not to like? THE FOOD! Here's what we had:
Fried Chicken Salad - Greasy & under cooked. Mostly skin/batter.
Lasagna Bolognese - Bland with slightly "tinny" taste
Flatbread with pork & grapes - greasy oily taste
Thanks, but no thanks.This was not what I expected from an Emeril restaurant.  It seemed like they just tried too hard to be different that it lost something.  For example, the shrimp and pork spring roll was just inedible, from the texture to the flavor.  The truffle chips were tasty.  Four of us had the Mediterranean tenderloin skewers with feta salad.  They were very inconsistent.  Some of ours were tender, some tough, some spicy, some not.  The Brussels were great, but the cauliflower was not.  Service was fair.We only went for dessert, but we walked in without a reservation on a Saturday night and the host and waiters were fantastic. We had the peanut butter banana cream pie, the deep dish pecan pie, the chocolate crepe, the dulce de leche bread pudding and the salted caramel ice cream - ALL were fantastic. The ambiance was relaxed, but classy and the service was impeccable.This place is amazing all the plates are great and the food is delicious. Nothing we ate wasn't fabulous..
Was a little annoyed that when I called for a reservation for 5 people I was told only available time was 4 PM or 10 PM
At 5:15 the place was still pretty empty.Great food and great cocktail list. Perfect place to bring company when they are visiting in town and share multiple plates. Love the large array of menu items, haven't tried anything we didn't like! Also their birthday treat is the best and really adds to the occasion.Great atmosphere! Loved the open view to the kitchen. We tried the deviled eggs, shrimp tacos, upside down cornbread, roasted Louisiana oysters, ribs....and everything was wonderful!!Very cool environment and the food was outstanding. Drinks were very well crafted as well. A little too cozy with so many patrons but they did their best to accommodate all.I would go back just for the deserts! We had the bread pudding and the lemon pie...its was the bomb! I think I liked the deserts here better than at Emerils.  Having said that..the food, although impeccably cooked...just lacks flavor ...BIG TIME..the spring rolls, barrata salad, hanger steak, jerk chicken , niro pasta...all of it just lacked flavor..it was very sad! .very  Mediocre food... we expect better from a restaurant that represents the name Emerils.Food is great & service is even better!! Gets really loud which is sometimes annoying when you're trying to talk to friends. If you're looking for a quiet place this definitely isn't it. Other than that you should give it a try! Birthdays give you cotton candy with a sparkler. Such a cute idea! I've been numerous times since they've opened.Meril was great.  It's a big beautiful storefront in the warehouse district, right off of Tchopotoulis.  The menu is all small plates and everything we had was terrific.  The french fries with lemon aioli were especially good.  Excellent beer and wine choices and the service was superb.  Friendly and attentive without being at all invasive.I was hoping to eat here during the second half of NFL Sunday night game. Given the late dinning hour I had the choice of the dinning room or bar. I should have chosen the dinning room but instead sat at the bar corner to better watch the game. I sat in a "dirty" seat as someone had just left eating there. When I both signaled and asked to get the bar counter cleaned and for a dinner menu, I was ignored by both the server (putting glasses into the dishwasher) and the bartender (who was making a drink$. Neither person acknowledged my request. In fact the server, rather than clean my area, threw me a menu and asked me what I would like to drink. I responded that I would first like my eating area cleared and cleaned before I ordered anything. She gave me an inappropriate response and I told her that I now preferred to eat somewhere else that understood client service. On the way out I informed the hostess crew that this was the most rude dinning experience I had ever encountered. I DIDN'T EVEN GET TO OPINE ON THE QUALITY OF THE FOOD AS THE BAR SERVICE WAS SO DISGUSTING I VOTED WITH MY FEET AND LEFT.I loved the ambiance & staff. The parking could be a little challenging because of the location. Appetizers were great but the pasta didn't impress. All plates are tapas style (small) and a little pricey. Great for a get together with friends but not so much for family gatherings.Eaten at Meril twice now and enjoyed it but it is a bit odd to be perfectly honest.  The restaurant is beautiful with a gorgeous bar and dining room and service is top notch.  That being said, I would certainly suggest some advanced study before you visit.  The menu is vast and varied, with a surprising mish-mash of cultures, cuisines, and flavors all thrown into a tapas style format.  I can say I think I spent more time trying to figure out what the heck I was going to order than at any place in recent memory.  Serving sizes vary and the meat options are generally just that - a serving of meat.  So I would suggest going with roughly one meat type dish and a veggie/side per person to start.  The Korean short rib is delicious and I liked the shrimp tacos quite a bit.  Not a fan of the jerk chicken thighs.  The cocktail menu is similarly out there - with approximately 30 cocktails identified by number and ingredients - which without a name signpost makes it slightly difficult to foresee what is going to arrive.  That being said - my meals have been enjoyable.  The numbered cocktails are strong and the  breadth of the menu meals I had two completely different and interesting meals on my separate visits.  I recommend an advance peak at the menu and reliance on the excellent waiters to set you straight and you will have a great time.Excited to go to my first Emeril LaGasse restaurant.  Great atmosphere and decor.  Best dish we had was the crab fettuccine.  Steak was in the cold side and underseasoned, missing the smoky taste of the robata grill they have.  Cornbread muffin was good, my husband loved it.  Calamari was fresh but missing some seasoning too.
Wine list was great and the desserts kind of disappointing though the cotton candy seemed popular.Great food, good drinks, but hands-down the loudest restaurant I've eaten at in New Orleans.Good place. I came with no reservations for lunch and the staff has been really welcoming me nicely.
The menu is authentic and original, you can find a lot of choice. The atmosphere is perfect and the decor is modern. What is really great is how the staff is taking good care of you. I was really impressed by all the staff, they did a fantastic job by being polite, smiling, entertaining and fast! Good job!I must admit that I was highly disappointed. The food was not what I expected. (To be fair, it may have been that I had the wrong impression of the type of restaurant this was.) Let me give credit where it is due...the service was phenomenal. Our waiter made sure we were taken care of the entire evening.Meril is Emeril Lagasse's newest outpost in New Orleans and I must say I was pleasantly surprised.  The dining room is open and airy, great for large parties.  Artwork is really cool (checkout the artwork by his daughter by the bathrooms- really cute).  Open kitchen concept, nice beer on tap and looks like a decent wine list.  The cocktails are really good as well.  For lunch we had:
Sweet potato and Brussels sprouts salad with grapes and blue cheese.  OMG, it was divine.  All the flavors stand alone and together at the same time.
Pineapple upside down cornbread...freaking AMAZING.  It had bacon that just set it all off.
Jerk Chicken - it started ok. More like BBQ chicken than jerk chicken.  I'm West Indian, I know my jerk.  However the sliced scallions on top took it from ok to really good.
Fried turkey necks - I didn't like them at all.  No flavor, seemed like a total miss.  However somebody may like them.
You should definitely check out Meril!!This place was AWESOME! The staff was really friendly and helpful. Our waiter really knew the bar and food menu and gave us really great suggestions. I had the Pork Porterhouse Special and it was AH-MAZING! Came with crispy shallots and cheese grits. The glaze was delicious with a dash of spice. Absolutely unbelievable! It was also a birthday so we got a complimentary cotton candy with a sparkler next to it! Highly recommend this place!Molten lava cake?? More like room temperature river cake... still tasty though and good drink prices. Also come here if you want to be waited on by a hipster in a wacky shirt. Plenty to spare! But they do have USB ports in the bar, maybe we have the hipsters to thank for that.First time at Meril tonight. I was very impressed with the style, the restaurant, the good vibes, the great service and the food was good. Didn't get to try much but the steak was great and the crawfish bread was delicious. The LA PALOMA drink is a must try and the king cake tres leches dessert was the bomb. Some portions were small though and I'm a big eater.Comfort food Super Spin! Most dishes are just creative enough to be slightly surprising; always in a great way too! Small plates/tapas style dining is so fun! We tried so many dishes and loved every one. From $6 to $20-ish depending on the ingredients, one can assemble quite a tasting for oneself (or the table). We left full, happy, with cash left over and we even ordered a bottle of wine! The calamari is fabulous, the Mexican corn is crazy, the Brussel sprouts delicious and the lamb pasta spot on! All that for like $35 or so. This would have filled us up, but, we had to try the pineapple cornbread (yum), chicken thighs and pie! The only lackluster item for us was the lemon pie. It wasn't bad, but, when everything else is WOW!, it just wasn't special at all. I would have preferred to spend that $5 bucks on another  fabulously prepared savory number! Great choice for a group as every single person will be happy!
Loud! The restaurant is loud like Emeril the chef. Cool atmosphere, but, very boisterous! Cool bar too!Ambience no so perfect! Service is good. The food portion is perfectly measured. Servers are very responsive.
Some of the people that are working in the restaurant were not easily identifiable. Esp the managers and I was surprised that they help serve our food and they were in plain clothes. 
The kitchen is open and the great master chef was seen working. Our table wasn't directly located so that you could see the open kitchen. But we payed the same price! We only knew that he was there after we walk out the restaurant. It could have been perfect if we knew ahead of time. 
Food? I don't know what to make out of it. Wasn't able to say wow. Thank god we were able to drink opus one 2013 that made perfectGreat experience! My waiter was very good. My favorite starter was the boudin tamale. Rigatoni was exceptional. As was the Korean beef. I was laughing because we had an Indian influenced cauliflower, Asian influenced beef and Italian rigatoni and it didn't matter. All delicious!Yummy! We came here with no real plan and we were super happy that we did. We didn't have reservations but there happened to be one table left near the bar. Ordered the fries, cheese flatbread, fried chicken and Mexican corn. My moms gonna kill me if she sees I posted her pic lol  our waiter was nice but not super attentive but we'd go back for sure!We went there for brunch. First of all we come in and the place is largely empty. They put us in the back by one of the kitchen doors. We ask to perhaps be seated by a window but the woman said there a lot of big parties coming in so no. Then she said let us walk back to the front to see what is available. We said don't worry about it. When we left the tables we eyed were still empty. Then we ordered a Bloody Mary but no they were out at 11:45 AM. 
Then they told us no bread service. However they would be nice enough to sell us some flatbread. The salads (sugar peas and apple fennel) tasted like they were made the day before. I have had much better Korean short ribs on the Westbank for half the cost and they were co. The clams and linguine were so loaded with butter with maybe 6 clams. It just struck me as they need some adults to come in and provide guidance. When the waitress asked how it was she could see the disappointment on our faces but would not let it go so we had to tell her it wasn't good. Maybe it will get better with age.We thoroughly enjoyed Meril's.  My daughter had the meatball appetizer and said they were the best meatballs she had ever eaten.  She was a little less excited by the lasagna since she loves noodles and there was a shortage -- it was mostly meat and cheese.  I think this is a personal preference.  My redfish was great, cooked perfectly.  The sorbet at the end had bits of ice throughout which was disappointing.  
The highlight of the evening was the service.  Our server, Santi, was amazing.  He was personable and extremely effective at his craft -- five stars.A group of coworkers and I ordered a bunch of appetizers/small plates and everything was fresh and pretty good. My personal fave was the cornbread that had pineapple and bacon? Can't remember exactly what was in it but it was GOOD!Love the food, drinks, the atmosphere, and the menu. They have such an amazing variety to choose from. I highly recommend sitting at the food bar, and getting to know some of the kitchen staff. They are every friendly, and did an amazing job of helping us select dishes.Had the Soft shell crab with alligator sausage and crawfish tails in a Creole cream sauce. It was on the specials menu.
Only way to describe this dish is "It's better than sex". Nuff said.Delicious food and amazing service!!! We had the bbq chicken thighs, Mexican corn on the cob, biscuit baked in an iron skillet, Palomas and my husband had the Korean short ribs. We love the Tapas-style menu so that we can try different things We can't wait to go back!!!I wasn't a fan of going to this place at first.  It was at the end of the night and the wait was still 45 minutes. So we came back during lunch and was able to get right in. For the most part, the food is great. It's tapas style, it can be pricey but I was full. The shrimp tacos and pecan pie were excellent!Large restaurant so we found a table for 7 easily. Fun food. Great service. Reasonable prices. I have been to many restaurants in NOLA and this was one of my new favorites.This new hot spot is the ish.  Everything is so right. The food is Delish and the drinks are great. Added bonus: there's charging stations at the chefs table and the tables along the wall. This spot  is definitely a must for all foodies and New Orleanians. Tip: make a reservation before and ask to sit at the Chef's table.Had an amazing meal last night. Our waiter Jerren was the best. He knew the menu well! I was trying to decide on the short ribs or the pork belly. His suggestion was to share the Pork Belly and order the ribs as the main. Great idea as the pork belly is just too much as a main. I think they should cut the portion and turn it into an appetizer so more people will order it. I am a chef myself and think that would be ideal. 
Everyone at the table couldn't not stop talking about the delicious meal. My mother was with us and she has food allergies. Jerren informed her that he had her covered and to not worry! Just enjoy the night as he would make sure she was fine! Hello.... what waiter does that??? 
Bottom line - ask for him. Although all the staff looked happy and professional so don't think you can go wrong.Oh Meril, thank you for being born. My boyfriend and I came here one night to celebrate me graduating from nursing school. We've heard good things about this place so we were very excited to finally be able to try it.
We arrived early and proceeded to the bar for pre-dinner celebratory drinks. Boyfriend ordered his signature old fashioned and I requested a No. 10 vodka drink. Both were tasty! We were then seated and browsed the menu.
We ordered:
1) Louisiana Cajun Cavier which was surprisingly VERY GOOD. It's like a fancy potato salad.
2) Crispy chicken livers. The initial bite reminded me of a dish that my uncle makes. It's refreshing and light.
3) House made meatball. This was soft, not too salty, and tasted like a melt in your mouth meatball. 
4) Hand cut fries.
5) Roasted Louisiana oysters. This dish didn't even taste like oysters, it tasted as if I was eating some type of meat. Very yummy!
6) Mexican Style Corn. This dish was okay. I didn't like the taste of the way it was styled. There's actually a very funny story to me trying out this dish. When the corn came out, I grabbed one and proceeded to cut the kernels off the cob using my fork as the anchor and knife to cut. I don't know if it was me drinking or the corn but...the corn slipped and went flying into my jacket and the wall. Lol talk about embarrassing! You can't take me anywhere nice. 
Moving onto entrees:
We ordered the Fettuccine Nero and Meril's Linguine & Clams. I was disappointed with both pasta choices. These were simple dishes but I would have liked more flavor.
Dessert:
We ordered the peanut butter and banana cream pie..Best cream pie I've ever had. 
Overall, my experience at Meril was great. Servers were nice and attentive. It seems always busy here. I can't wait to come by to try the other dishes!My daughter lives in New Orleans and go visit her quite often and have gone to many of the top restaurants and Meril is among my favorites.  Other than a bit of a seating/hostess issue when they tried to put us in the corner of the bar area (even though we had reservations) where I couldn't even push my seat out due to the bar crowd, it was wonderful.  
We arrived an hour early so that we could sit at the bar and have a couple of drinks.  The drink menu is unusual and varied and the bartenders were top notch.  When we were seated in the dining room, we were quickly attended to and service remained great throughout our meal.  We ordered the Korean short ribs, meatball, turkey necks,  beef tenderloin skewer (they should put that on their menu permanently), Spanish shrimp, cauliflower and brussel sprouts.  All were fantastic and, other than the meatball, I would order them all again.  For dessert we ordered the bread pudding and the chocolate peanut butter banana cream pie.  The pie was amazing and the bread pudding was good but, I've had better.  All and all a wonderful evening and can't wait to return.Meril is by far one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans. It is my family's go-to place for a great meal. Some members of the staff have become more like family to us. Highly recommend this place for birthdays, dates, or just a quick drink before a night out. Also, they play up to date music which creates a super fun atmosphere to be around. This place won't let you down!I was part of a party of seven. We had a reservation for 6 at 7 pm but were seated quickly with our addition. We were there to catch up, hang out and enjoy good food and drink. We were not let down. The cocktails were beautiful and delicious. My favorite was the no. 20. We ordered lots of food including a few of the specials for the night. The turkey necks were a hit as were the Korean short ribs. My favorite was the mushrooms and polenta, but since I was sharing with 6 others o didn't get as much as I would have liked. Service was great, even with everyone at our table constantly ordering more drinks. They were knowledgeable about the menu and really helped us to make good choices. I can't wait to go back and try more from the menu.We had a celebration Sunday lunch at Meril today. It was a delightful experience. We were five of us seated at a round table. We decided to try a lot of small plates and each one was better than the next. Especially liked the boudin tamale, Korean fried chicken, kale salad, and the oysters. Great service. They kept clearing our used plates and utensils and bringing fresh ones. Give this a place a try for some fresh food with healthy options.We went there for dinner.  The small plates were great.  The main courses not so much.   My smoked pork belly was 60% fat.  My girlfriend' s lamb and pasta had no taste of lamb.  They screwed up the billing but that was fixed in 3 days.  $120 pre tip with no alcohol though we stuffed ourselves except on the main course.Great food tapas style. Great service. We had two waiters! Loved the muffuletta flatbread. Grilled shrimp great too.Very disappointing, not a taste of Nawlin's at all.  Small portions, noisy, and undercooked food.
Will not be back.We really enjoyed this place. It serves small plates and a really wide variety of types of foods. We had octopus, the muffaletta flatbread, shrimp tacos, pork belly, and some great cocktails. Because it's small plates and such a wide range, everyone should be able to find something they like. The noise level was moderate and service was nicely prompt without being rushed (although you might be pushed to pick add-ons and more expensive items--some of the recommendations were great of course, just keep an eye out if you're looking to avoid spending too much). Also really neat--the main dining area has a great view of the kitchen so you can see all the action happening.The food was delicious and the service was great. We split a bunch of different items and none of them were bad. My only criticism is that the portions were on the smaller side.This was such a great find and very close to our hotel. We came in right before the lunch rush came in. From the beginning everything was great. Customer service was top notch and very friendly. The food was also very good and unique flavors. We tried a cheese board, buttermilk biscuit with foie butter and preserves. My bf chose a pork porterhouse and it was so moist and tender that I wished I had ordered it.  I chose a soft shell crab poboy from their daily menu.  Moreover their drinks were really good. This is a must try on your visit to New Orleans!Not many chefs can make a turkey neck this tasty! I want to go back to New Orleans just to try that neck again, well not just for that, but if I go back I will certainly revisit Meril. Great service, Sanya was very friendly and helpful when I asked her about different items on the menu. Their lasagna was also amazing. True 5 stats!I've got to say, Emeril was gone small on the portions for the full entree price here. Everything we tried was good, but I prefer this place for a nice beer or wine with an app for happy hour moving forward.The only thing worse than the food was the service.  Went there on a recommendation from the concierge and it was a regret.  I should not have wasted a night there when I only had two nights in town.  Hopefully, it was just an off night.Awesome lunch at Meril's. We had the shrimp tacos, brussels sprouts and Mexican corn which were all delicious. The sautéed mushrooms were exceptional. Service was good too. Will definitely go back to Meril's!Went for my birthday. Loved every damn thing. The fried chicken salad is surprisingly awesome.Incredible!! Celebrated my 3 year wedding anniversary here while on vacation to NOLA with my husband. Great food, tapas style. We ordered:  Korean Short ribs, Brussel sprouts, steak, chili style corn-- Everything we got was delicious, and we each got plates so we could share. Best part was by far the level of service and the wonderful staff! Everyone from the moment we walked in wished us a happy anniversary and even surprised us at the end with a cotton candy surprise on the house. Amazing experience!The food was excellent. The service was good. What was not good is that the bartender charged my card for the wrong amount, then had to go back and re-charge my card for the proper amount. So, there's $100 being held on my card that shouldn't be.  I think that, when you are dealing with people's cards, you have to be extra diligent about ensuring that you are charging them properly. 
Again, food and service were good. I'd go back. I'll probably take cash next time though.We just arrive in NOLA & found Meril on the app. This place has a wonderful atmosphere. Since it was a late lunch, we ordered things to share at our table of three. This place did not disappoint!! Muffuletta flatbread, fries, calamari & cheese board...all delicious! We will definitely go again & recommend it to others!Chic ambience and the crab fettuccini pasta I am already craving again! Also delicious was the truffle chips, the Mexican corn, veggie flatbreads and the snap peas! The cocktails are well made and are served in good portion! I recommend a rye old fashioned! Sitting at the bar is equally as fun !In town for business and recommended.  Great atmosphere and very tasty food offering.  Priced right and appropriate portions. Korean fried chicken legs and beet fusilli pasta were amazingWe had heard of Meril and were happy that when stopped in for a late lunch that they had seats available at the bar and a full menu (the main dining room was full). 
We liked the atmosphere immediately. A nice vibe. We ordered flatbread, bisque of the day and lightly dusted oysters. Service was pleasant and prompt. Food was very good. The menu had a number of appealing items - if we were hungrier we would have had no problem other great items to order. Great neighborhood too. 
Would recommend.Lousy drinks but good food. Had the short rib and the linguine which were both delicious. Besides the cocktails being horrible the only think negative about the food I can say is that the portions were small. So much to the point where I was thinking, where can I stop on my way back to the hotel to get a bite to eat.Ate here for a friend's birthday, loved the cotton candy & sparkler! So cute! I am vegan so I called ahead hours prior to our reservation to ask about any vegan options they might have. The person on the phone stated that there are items on the menu that can be easily veganized or if nothing suits your taste, the chef can create a vegan dish for you. I was super excited! However when it was time for me to order at dinner, the server explained that it may be difficult bc so many of their items contain dairy. The server tried his best, but there were very limited options (a salad without meat (would they have price adjusted that?), a pasta without dairy sauce so it would "affect the taste of the meal", and flatbread without cheese, but did not mention if the dough was vegan). The server was very friendly, but I wish the information I received over the phone was more consistent with what I had experienced at the table. 
Pros: Clean (felt upscale), decor, delicious drinks, friendly staff 
Cons: Not very vegan friendly, Inconsistent information regarding available food options, loud atmosphereA series of miscommunication regarding food restrictions led to a less than stellar graduation lunch. However, the service and management were very pleasant and apologetic. The desserts were absolute delicious! Get the chocolate olive oil cake!If you are contemplating coming here for a meal... Just do it. Everything we tried was amazing. A party of 4 with no reservations...We ended up sitting at the chairs that face the kitchen. If you enjoy watching a team in motion... Do it!!. We tried the lasagna, rigatoni, oyster salad, pork porterhouse, tuna wraps, Turkey necks, and the Brussels sprouts. All dishes were phenomenal!. Oh I almost forgot we did dessert too!Great concept but average food. I usually like Emeril's restaurants so I was excited to try this place for my birthday lunch with my family. Our servers, Texas & Ashley were attentive and pleasant without being overbearing. They answered all of our many questions and kept our glasses full and our table clear. Appetizers and desserts were the best courses! When my friend ordered the buttermilk biscuit, I was pleasantly surprised at how light and tasty it was. The chicken livers were the best savory item that any of us ordered. They were crispy and cooked perfectly. We could have definitely passed on the turkey necks but we figured they were worth a try. The calamari was nice but I wasn't a fan of the sauce. The pappardelle was seasoned really well but the lamb cuts were really chewy and fatty. My dad could barely cut the pieces to make them small enough the chew. He liked the broth better than the meat. My mussels were tasty and light but not extraordinary.  My friend enjoyed her shells. The brussel sprouts were the most seasoned dish on the table and I really enjoyed them. The pork ribs were extremely tough and we sent them back. The jerk chicken thigh had a tasty glaze but the meat was bland. The desert round was a home run. The sorbets were light and flavorful and the salted caramel ice cream had a good balance of flavor. It was really crowded when we arrived so the kitchen may have been slammed and skipped seasoning. It's definitely worth another visit to check it out.We came to this restaurant because Nola was closed. We tryed and shared many dishes and almost everything was exceptional.  The best was the vegetable flatbread, brussels sprouts sweet potatoes salad and biscuits  with preserves.  The roasted cauliflower was the only dish that was not as good.  We came near closing The service was still good. This will be one of the highlights of our trip to New Orleans.AMAZING FIRST TIME EXPERIENCE! FOOD IS AMAZING! Our server was Ryan and he did a great job at making our first time the way it should be!! 
We ordered the Mexican corn and the pineapple cornbread as appetizers and they were PHENOMENAL! 
Our main course was the pork ribs and the rigatoni pasta, also PHENOMENAL! Definitely will be coming back!This is probably one of the best places to eat to have a girls night out! My friends & I went for our first time, we loved the different foods they had! The upside down cornbread is to die for especially for me who's not a fan of corn bread!! The jumbo gulf shrimp with the old fashioned rum punch is a for sure combo together! I would definitely stop by again if I were ever in town!Great bar/restaurant if you want a modern place to sit, stand, and hang out.
Sadly we went for dessert-- t'was recommended somewhere in one of the major food blogs-- and were quite disappointed. Ice cream was presented well but was quite plain looking compared to the beautifully decorated ones seen online, and the banana cake thing, while good, was again not up to the hype.
Next time, will skip dessert and just go for drinks!This is a great new restaurant for the Emeril restaurant group. The food is excellent. The crisp chicken livers are the best I've ever eaten. As a new restaurant they have a few things to iron out, but this is a gem.  We are only in NOLA for four days and are so excited we were able to experience.Texas was a phenomenal waiter. Professional, knowledgable and kind.. Felix was amazing as well.. Our wine was fantastic.. 
UPDATE: I have been back 3 more x looking for the first experience written about above.. Each time the food has been good but mostly a mixed bag:( The service has been terrible tho.. Forgotten wine.. birthday dessert for a 40th birthday wasn't brought out till way after the check..  we waited so long and wanted to leave.. but wanted our friend to have her birthday dessert.. Terrible.. would not go back.I had a wonderful lunch. The restaurant is beautiful. We went for lunch but wish I had time to go back for dinner just to see and feel the ambiance during the night.                  
First up, I ordered a Sazerac, and it was wonderful! It was smooth and I didn't get that Kentucky Hug; I was waiting for it but it barely came, but that didn't make it any less of a bourbon drink for me. 
We ordered 5 dishes which I'll state from 1 to 5: the best and do on:                             
1. Lasagne Bolognese. They know how to make a lasagna!                                               
2. Girod Street Salad. The egg makes all the    difference.                                       
3. Raines Farm Wagyu Steak. Excellent steak and I loved the Yuca fries. I'm not a black bean fan and this dish has a black bean purée under the steak so that part I rubbed off.                                
4. Barbeque Pork Flatbread. This came cut up to a nice 8 pieces so if you want a bigger plate of food, this is a must have not to mention tasty.           
5. Upside-Down Cornbread. With pineapple and a house bacon marmalade. I could eat this as an appetizer, or part of our main meal, but we ordered this for our dessert. I honestly wanted to put this one into a category of its own and add a couple of stars to it. This was really good!          
The only reason I put it at number 5 is because we had it as dessert. It could be number 1 but that wouldn't do any justice to the Lasagna.                            If I ever get back this way, this is a must stop for me.It was ok! Small plates a bit pricey for the amount of food you get. Service was mediocre! She tried to smile. The noise level was rather loud. Other servers seemed to enjoy the place they work and when my server was busy others were willing to help with a smile. I left and was still hungry... I'm sure when I visit New Orleans again I will by pass this restaurant.Food was good, not blown away like I have been at other Emeril restaurants in the city. The ambiance is much more casual than I expected with large TVs in the main dining areas. The service needs some work! Our 2 servers were very nice but need some serious training. All examples we encountered: Don't tell a customer something has been "86'd" most won't know what that means. Stop hovering. Stop taking our plates while we are still eating our food. Know that a woman always should be offered to start the order. Be knowledgeable about your menu items and where things are sourced. I recognize this place is new but it is not up to par with other Emeril establishments.I went to this place for a lunch meeting and oh gosh, amazing dishes there! We started with a Ahi tuna lettuce wrap which was garnished by a slice of jalapeño, fried onions/garlic and special sauce. It was good start. I then ordered the shrimp tacos and it was just tasty. My lunch entree was grilled Swordfish with crawfish cream sauce on top with fried eggplants around the dish. The fish was very fresh and the cream sauce was excellent. For dessert, I ordered the bread pudding and oh, I am very particular when it comes to bread pudding....BEST I HAVE EVER HAD!  Service was excellent as well and I would really want to go again with my family next time!!The food was very good, but not as good as NOLA. We got the Brussel sprouts as an appetizer and they were fantastic. Then we ordered the wood-fired oysters, the street corn, and the fried chicken salad, they were all very good. Plus, we got a side of the handcut fries which would've been better if they were hot and the cook on them was more consistent, some overdone and some limpy. However the waitstaff made it a great experience, they were very friendly and helpful. We went back to our hotel and were telling a local that we just ate at Meril, he asked if we got dessert and we said we passed because we were too full. He told that we had to go back because the pastry chef is a renowned pastry chef and he has created the best desserts. So we waited a bit and headed back for dessert. We sat at the bar and got the deep dish pecan pie with a scoop of sweet cream ice cream and the chocolate coconut ice cream cake. Both were amazing and worth going back for. Also, the bartender, Damian Connor, was the nicest and most personable bartender. He even made a joke about wishing that he could have a seat between us and another couple so he could join us. He was such a friendly person that we wished he could've joined us too.We came here with a large group and the food was great. The servers were quick and helpful in answering questions. They even came sing to our table for the birthday girls and bachelorette. The portions are small but delicious. Calamari was delicious, and my pasta dish was also great. Definitely recommend stopping here in nola.Small plates make it so easy to try a ton of different dishes here. We like grabbing a seat at the bar so that we can keep our cocktails moving ;) Try the candied pork ribs!Hard to say if this deserves 3 or 4 stars. The gnocchetini was so salty it was absolutely disgusting and I thought it was gonna burn a hole in my throat. The pineapple soaked corn bread was so delicious all I do is re-live it in my mind and tell everyone I meet how they have to try it. Everyone else at our table seemed to love their food too so maybe we just ordered wrong. I would STEER CLEAR of the pastas. I don't know Emeril, but it seems like he's not a pasta guy. Try the other stuff. A lot of it was pretty good. But also, there's a lotta good restaurants in Nola, unless you're specifically dying to check this place out there may be better options out there.My husband and I went here for Mother's Day.  SUCH good food!  We ordered three plates of food and it was perfect to share. 
We're not from New Orleans so this is where we first learned of the roasted Brussels sprouts.  They just blew us away.
We were not too thrilled with one of our two waiters. He was just not friendly. The other was great, which made up for it. 
We would have come back here a second time but there were just too many great restaurants to try in the city!Tried Meril for the first time last night...after I got over the initial shock of lots of knock-off dishes from other restaurants...I enjoyed the rest of my meal. The turkey necks (knock-off) had no flavor, and the roasted cauliflower was pale compared to its competitor at another restaurant (cough, cough, Domenica). But my other food-the original stuff-was good. Chorizo flatbread was good; tuna wraps, and croquettes were yummy. Nothing was blow your mind stellar. Decor was great, service good, and the waiters wore adorable aprons. Cocktails; VERY yummy, however the numbering system is annoying as I have no idea which one(s) I ordered, just remember they were delicious! With the numbering system, however, I'm left at a loss for recommendations...the one with grapefruit shrub was excellent...as well as the blueberry and whiskey one...sorry folks, who knows what the hell numbers they were! #annoying 
Overall, another Emeril restaurant I'm not impressed with, but I will give it another chance soon...oh, the Christmas decorations were ON POINT! If you care about that sort of thing...:)Fantastic!!! The waitresses and staff were great!!! Food was sooooo good and the desserts are a must! The most memorable is the bananas foster cake which me and my family raves about with everyoneAmazing lunch!! The break pudding, the oysters, corn, cauliflower, everything we had was spectacular. Finding a good vegetarian meal in NOLA is hard but Meril was amazing!I loved everything about this place except the lukewarm reception from the hostess. No welcome. No smile. Despite that the environment is festive (and loud), good decor. Our server Felix was so helpful and knowledgeable about the menu, and although enjoyable, he pretty much forgot about us after we ordered our food. We had to reorder our wine from another server. Shrimp tacos were unbelievable. Also do the fennel rigatoni. A little spicy but super delish. Eat here.We celebrated are daughters birthday at Meril last night. We are from New Orleans. The old grocery store building is beautifully done. We had two wonderful wait staff, Felix with a PH and Luke. They were wonderful! The wine is a great value. The food was incredible! There were seven of us and we all loved every bite of what we ordered. The cotton candy that is made right where you can see it with the wonderful Roman candle brought to the table was a really nice touch for our celebration. Will be back soon!The flatbread special during happy hour is a great deal! I walked over after work one day and got a glass of wine and a flatbread. I sat at the bar, eavesdropped, and enjoyed my visit.
Idk whose Pandora was playing but at one point, Rihanna's "Sex With Me" came on through the restaurant speakers and I was dying laughing that this song was being played, before someone changed it very quickly.Trendy spot with delicious food. Diverse menu and I love that they offer a 8oz wine pour. CheersBrussel sprout and sweet potato salad was delicious. My wagyu beef was a little over cooked (more like medium, not medium rare) but still good, wish it came with a few more yucca fries. The roast carrots were that, roasted carrots, not bad but I'm not writing home about them. Atmosphere was nice, staff friendly. Came alone, probably a better place for couples or groups since many plates are good for sharing.Food & service was stellar. Thanks to the team for letting us sit at the kitchen bar even though they had the section closedExcellent food and beautiful service and friendly 
People. Went there with my son and his girlfriend. Would highly recommend anyone to go there for dinner.Don't go here I'd you expect good attentive service. Our waiter was nice but clearly did not enjoy his job in service. I hate to write a bad review because there were other servers who seemed happy and attentive to their tables but ours was not. Most food was good especially the crab croquettes but I had one dish that was bland and under seasoned.I had an amazing experience here. The service was fabulous. Our waiter was super nice and on top of things. The food was excellent. I recommend going if you just want a light meal though. Portions are small. I like that because I like to try a variety of things. Perfect place for that. The cotton candy is a must for dessert.I can't wait to come back! I loved the atmosphere and am looking for an excuse to return with friends soon. We sat at the bar, and the bartenders were so accommodating. They made a mistake with the flatbread order and although it only took a few extra minutes to wait on the one we ordered, they wanted to redeem themselves with an extra glass of wine for each of us. So thankful for superior service!I faithfully watched Emeril Live and have incorporated Emeril's recipes into our weekly menus.  When our cruise was departing out of New Orleans, my Wife and I took the opportunity to visit Meril's. I was expecting "WOW" and "Bam."  While the food was good, it was far from "WOW."  Additionally, the servers were lackadaisical making our final experience just-ok.  Missed Expectations.My friends and I had he pleasure of dinning here when visiting from out of town. It was a super clean and nicely decorated restaurant. The vibe was great as there were people of all ages. 
We were surprised at how affordable the restaurant is. The portions are perfectly sized to leave you full but not have leftovers. They have a good selection of meats and vegetarian meals. If celebrating the birthday dessert with the "firework candles" is an awesome treat! Would definitely come here again for the lasagna that I had.A truly awesome meal made even better by great service!  Some unique food offerings paired with the classics... fresh and lovingly prepared and presented.  The value was outstanding.  We can't wait to come back and will definitely ask for Lauren to be our server.Just got back from New Orleans yesterday. We went to dinner at Meril one of the nights on our trip. Great food. Great flavor in everyone's dish. Just be aware. All small plates. At first we were like. Wow. This place is cheap. Till the waitress said we should order at least 8 dishes for the 4 of us. Even better. Got to try more dishes. You will not be disappointed.What can I say? The food was amazing! We went for lunch and order a bunch of small plates to test out as many dishes as we could. They were all really good! Good portions for small plates and prices were surprisingly reasonable. The space was rustic, modern, clean and open. Waitstaff was attentive, patient, and helpful with recommendations for first time diners. Now to the grub....tuna wraps- 5  stars. It had an Asian flair and some heat. The tuna was fresh and flavorful. This dish was my favorite. Tamale- new wave Mexican with familiar flavors. 4  stars.  Smoked tuna dip was divine. I get this every time if it's offered. This was exceptionally delicious- 5  stars. And lastly the French fries with special aioli. It was finger licking good! 5 stars ! Overall, I was so pleased. I can't wait to go back.We arrived for our reservation for seven by telling the host that we needed to add one more (unexpected) seat. Accommodations were made and we were promptly seated. A few of our fellow diners were new to New Orleans and might have had a drink or two prior to dinner, and may have been a a little loud...but the staff tolerated them, anyway. We ordered cocktails and small plates...but tons of them. Our waiter said that he would be staging our small plates (instead of trying to stack them all on the table at once) and he was also very open about the menu. His suggestions (tuna wraps, neckbones) were perfect. My other favorites were the Korean spare ribs and the candied ribs. We will definitnely return with our kids or with other friends.I have come to Meril multiple times.. some for an occasion and some for just a nice evening. It is one of my favorite spots in New Orleans! If you come for an occasion, let them know, and you will get a sparkler, song, and cotton candy. It's such a fun little addition. All good and drinks are amazing and every waiter/waitress has been really informative. I would suggest to always order something off of the daily specials menu, it's always so well thought out, and unique. Their cocktails are impeccable, I love the No. 11. Also, the ambiance is very hip, yet still cozy. Thank you for being my go to spot for a night with friends, and also, when I have guests in town!This was such a great and different experience restaurant wise! I loved the idea of small plates! Great place to get wine and talk. :)It had been over a decade since I last visited an Emeril restaurant. This time we ran into Emeril himself. The food was a bit underwhelming. The space is nice and large. With a partially open kitchen. The deviled eggs were good. As was the cauliflower, a larger portion. The mussels were very bland. The pasta with crawfish was a bit salty. The turkey neck, a creative fun dish, needed more seasoning. The corn was good. And the lemon ice box was very tasty ending.1 word: CORNBREAD. Oh the Cornbread. Little heavenly goodness. Insane bursts of flavor in that cornbread! Just order the cornbread bc it's so good - like 5 orders of it. Ok so maybe also order 2 buttermilk biscuits. Also had the pork belly, crawfish pasta and boudin tamale.Our first time in New Orleans and we couldn't have picked a better place!! Four of us, walked in, sat at the bar with the best bartender in the world, Bron, and we had the best experience ever! Craft cocktails, and incredible food! The people here are amazing, I want to take them all home with me. We'll be back for sure! 
If you're ever here, ask for Bron! And, enjoy everything on the menu!They are shortly open and just might be the best restaurant in Nola! Haven't tried them all to be honoust, but this was one of the best restaurants I ate in months!!
Hope they can keep up the quality! If with just the two of you, ask for a place at the bar in front of the kitchen. Great to see them work!
Go here, you'll thank me for it!!!!!!First, the good:  I thought the fried chicken salad was really amazing.  I was expecting to get a salad with bits of chicken actually in the salad, but that's not what this dish is.   You get a small salad, and along side it on the same plate, is a fried boneless breast of chicken that I can assure you is the best you have ever tasted.   You simply can't go wrong with this dish.
Second, the not-quite-so-good:  I had the fennel rigatoni, which on the menu says gulf shrimp and Italian sausage.   I noticed there was no sausage in my dish, so I asked the waiter about it, he said it was "in the sauce".    I was quite disappointed with that, as I would not have ordered this if I had known that....I think if you're going to describe it like that on the menu, then the customer is going to expect to see sausage on the plate....shame on you Emeril...I think if you were a judge on Top Chef and one of the contestants did this same thing, they would definitely get called out for it.    You either need to put some actual sausage in this dish, or else name it something different on the menu.Went for happy hour and sat at the bar. Damian was our bartender/server and I highly recommend sitting in his area. He was quick and informative and honest. We are a little bit of everything which I believe is the point there and complain about anything. Shrimp tacos were amazing. The vegetable flatbread made you forget you even liked meat. So so good.Went to Meril after the WW II museum.  It was a great way to top a wonderful museum experience.  Every dish was outstanding.  The Yelp photos were a great way to navigate through the menu. And we're still raving about the meal hours after eating there.
Fair warning about those lusting after the Rocky Road Pecan pie picture in Yelp.  It must have been a daily special. It's not on the menu now.Excellent service by Megan, spot on customer service. Food was good, service was betterHad a great experience. The food was not disappointing at all and the service was bubbly and energetic. I would definitely return to sample more of the menu.The food was delicious and the service was way better than most of the restaurants I tried during my visit to New Orleans. We got the upside down cornbread, buttermilk biscuit, ribs, Mexican corn, key lime pie, and pasta bolognese. I would definitely recommend this to others. It was a nice switch after eating so much canon food throughout the week.Good times celebrating our daughter's birthday.  We took the recommendation of a traveling friend and we were not disappointed.  We ordered several small plates, some on the specials menu, and some on the regular menu.  Our wait staff was very attentive and ended our experience with a cotton candy & sparkler delivery to the birthday girlI was extremely pumped to try this place after looking at an awesome menu with lots to choose from but was ultimately let down. To start I ordered the Mexican  Styled Corn and truthfully I did not want to finish it. The taste of the corn did not match up to the looks of the corn. For my main dish I ordered the Candied Pork Ribs and it was fair at best. I dined with my dad and he ordered the Point Judith Calamari which was excellent and the Upside-Down Cornbread which he liked but I did not. For his main he ordered Eye Of Ribeye Steak and he said it was the worst Ribeye he has had. For dessert I ordered Deep Dish Pecan Pie which was horrible and had no taste. He ordered Bananas Foster Doberge Cake which was better than mine but was nothing special. Earlier in the week we dinner at NOLA which was not good. Last night we dinner at Emeril's New Orleans which was much better than the other Emeril restaurants by far.Excited to try Emeril's latest restaurant and it was delicious as expected. Less expensive than Emeril and a good bar makes it approachable for a casual dinner or a special occasion. Perfect for a date or wth a group to share in many of the small plates. 
Highlights included the Candied spare ribs, Brussel sprout and sweet potato salad, and the fish of the day which was a well seasoned Swordfish. The roasted cauliflower is a heartier vegetable side perfect to split among 3-4 people and the flatbread was good as you'd expect it to be. 
The ribs were the standout dish here, perfectly cooked and fall off the bone tender. The sweetness of the glaze is countered by some cinnamon "heat" to make this an amazing dish. I'd come back for these alone but there's plenty of other good stuff on the menu to try. 
Service was good overall though it felt a little off beat. And the celebratory cheering for birthdays/celebrations wouldn't be too bad if I heard it once or twice but by the fourth time I was getting a bit of a chain restaurant birthday song type vibe. Nothing too bad though. Definitely worth going.Had a fun time dining at Meril with a group. (We were in town for a conference.) I had the linguine with clams, a side of broccoli, and key lime pie for dessert, all yummy! 
My only "complaint" is that it was so loud, it was hard to talk to and hear people on the other side of our table. The restaurant was packed, an excellent thing for the restaurant!Great menu! Favorites: Shrimp avocado salad, manchego croquettes, and freshest calamari ever. Nice wine list. Nice staff tooDrinks were good, food was good to great (flatbread was especially tasty) but the service was really great. loud boisterous place- good for groups and some local actor sightings.This place is really a joke. It's just goes to show how washed up and mainstream Emeril has become. It's sad to see how everyone is eating into this mediocre restaurant.  The restaurant at a glance is nice. From there you get a menu filled with fancy described dishes that catches the hype beast foodies that think it's innovative and creative. I know everyone eat with their eyes, but wake up and come to your senses. This is food you can get at a Cheesecake Factory or any bistro in America. The food is high priced and simple. The menu has no clear vision and story. He tries to mix Asian, cajun, Italian, etc, which is never a good idea. It's offensive how they would take spring rolls, which is a simple cheap yet delicious Vietnamese food, and try to call it something else and charge more. We ordered by far the saddest pork belly I've ever had. Its basically applewood smoked bacon. We had the ribs which were 16 dollars! Chinese five spice ribs for 16 dollars. That's the cost of a whole rack of ribs. We ordered a few other stuff, which isn't worth mentioning, and the Mexican corn. Yes, they have Mexican corn. The same place that has springs rolls, Asian ribs, pasta, Korean BBQ ribs, bang bang shrimp, flatbreads and jerk chicken.  If this menu doesn't confuse you and remind you of every bistro and Cheesecake Factory then something is wrong with you. None of the food here was executed well and it just blows my mind how people just eat this all up and act like it's okay. It's a scam and I'm not buying. The saying is true that as long as you make something look good and pretty, and give it a fancy explanation, then anyone that doesn't know food would buy into it. I'm sorry but Emeril please stick to what you're good at. You're a legend and to see you fall into the trend is just sad. Stick to your roots. This is New Orleans, let's keep it real, fresh, and authentic.Fantastic food, great service, not a bad thing to say about this place! Came with two girlfriends for lunch & we ordered half the menu. Only regret is we didn't order the other halfWOW. This place was absolutely incredible. One of the best salads I've had in my life. Light, flavorful, refreshing. This place blew my expectations with food and the service was attentive, were receptive to a lot of questions, gave me recommendations, and they made the atmosphere fun. I was there during the end of lunch so it wasn't crowded, but heard it definitely can be.I really liked the atmosphere. Cool and trendy with good music. Also had a nice white wine.
Honestly felt the food was over rated, or maybe I ordered wrong. My friends liked their pasta. I have tried: The pork belly - every bite was a different texture. Not good. The Brussels sprouts - tasted like my amateur cooking. Chocolate crepe - not for chocolate lovers (the crepe was chocolate, the filling was fruity tart), My sister got the biscuit and didn't like it either. 
Ending on a positive note - the staff was super friendly and our waiter gave great service to a big group!We spent a long weekend in New Orleans. We went to Meril on the advice of friends and hotel staff.  We had nice cocktails at the bar, and then we were seated. We proceeded to order a generous sampling of small plates.  The first three dishes came out, and they were tasty salads.  The restaurant was not crowded and there was plenty of staff present.  We then waited over an hour for the remaining dishes. When we questions the wait staff, they looked uncomfortable, and finally the young woman waiting on our table told us that she had to send upper management into the kitchen to ask were our food was.  The kitchen is open to the dining room and it was evident there was plenty of help, just no food.  We looked around and there was not much food on anyone's plates at other tables. The most visible dish was a cotton candy dessert that was served at three different tables near us. The cotton candy machine was in full swing in the open kitchen, and there was hustle and bustle, just no real food coming out of the kitchen. When the remain four small plates came to our table, the meat was over cooked, and the pasta was mushy and not very well flavored.  They replaced the over cooked meat dish graciously. The staff was nice, but the dining experience was truly "meh". Between the long wait, the order snafu and the two ill prepared dishes, it was not the best experience.I don't even know where to begin. This place was amazing! I went with 6 of my girlfriends for one of their birthdays. We were seriously spoiled! The staff was awesome. We tried nearly half the menu. We couldn't stop raving about how delicious everything was. The cocktails were fabulous as well and very unique. I think we got to try almost every dessert too and they were all amazing. I loved how it was a more laid back version of a typical Emeril restaurant but it still felt very special and upscale. Will be returning ASAP to try the rest of the menu! Can't wait!!!
Side note: Best tamale I've ever had ever and that's saying a lot because I try tamales at every restaurant that I go to that serves them (Boudin Tamale)
Also, the Roasted Brussel Sprout & Sweet Potato salad was to die for. 
And lastly the Steamed Mussels, which were soooo good! I can't say enough. 
My friends loved everything they ordered as well. I tried a few of their things and completely agree. 
(Don't forget about dessert! The cookie ice cream sandwich was sacred)This is a must go if you are in New Orleans. Expertly produced food at a good value. Exceptionally clean and organized.  Would definitely go here first if I go back to NOLA.Visited on a whim and was pleasantly surprised. The service from Mark and Felix was perfect just the right amount of attention and friendly banter. The food was excellent I'd recommend the jerk chicken and the upside down pineapple cornbread. My wife had fried chicken Salad which was also very nice.  All in all a wonderful experience. I'll be backThe place was packed and there were only reservations seating however the host offered us the kitchen bar. It was small and faced into the kitchen but we got to watch the staff prepare all the meals while we still had are privacy. For some they may frowned but for us it made us question every decision on what to order because it all looked and smelled great. Kanin, our waiter, was on point with service, restaurant stories, and pointing out the meals the cooks were preparing.  Again we will be back for more.Beautiful restaurant in the warehouse district. Great, varied menu well executed. Everything we ordered was interesting and well presented. Competent staff eager to please. Will definitely come back on next trip to New OrleansThe best drum I've ever had, easily. That's coming from a NOLA native who has a family of experts in the kitchen. Everything about this place is great actually. Ambiance, drinks, happy hour, big TV'S. You can enjoy the game without the bs and a little upscale feel. It's Emerils place after all.Meril was a delightful restaurant with excellent food.  There were two servers helping us and Mario was great.  The choices are tapas style, a bunch of small plates to get a little taste of everything.  Turkey necks (eat them like chicken wings), charred octopus, candied ribs, Mexican corn, chicken livers, and buttermilk biscuit with foie gras butter.  Everything was delicious!! Depending on the choices, you have to just dig in and get your hands dirty.  Would definitely go back.  Emeril did a great job for his 4th restaurant on NOLA.The food was fine. The drinks were meh. But the waiter was rude (jarrod). Told us to please hurry up and order.I want to start off by saying that the service here was spectacular and the interior was cozy. One of the waiters even gave me a little stand to hang my purse on!
With that said, I had decently high expectations for this restaurant given the name, but the food was just so underwhelming.
We started off with the pasta chips and the meatballs. The pasta chips didn't come with sauce, they were just fried in truffle oil and topped with Parmesan and chives. In my opinion, they tasted a bit like the Asian noodles you get when you order takeout at a Chinese restaurant. They weren't necessarily bad, but they weren't anything special and they were a bit dry. They might've been a bit better if they were served with a sauce of some kind, and we ended up dipping ours in the leftover sauce from the meatballs. Speaking of the meatballs, they were just ok. Again, I wouldn't say they were bad, but they weren't memorable. They also had fennel in them, and I personally am not a fan of fennel.
Afterwards, we got the chicken thighs and the muffuletta flatbread. The flatbread looked good, but once I had my first slice I immediately felt a bit nauseous. It was super greasy and salty to the point that my fingers were completely drenched in oil just from holding it. I totally understand that muffuletta contains salami and olives which are salty foods (and I actually like salty foods), but it was just too much. I feel bad because our server recommended this flatbread and he was a sweetie, but I just really didn't like it. In fact, I'm still feeling nauseous from it. As far as the chicken thighs, they were dry. They weren't inedible by any means, but they were nothing to write home about.
All in all, I really liked the simple yet cozy decor of this restaurant and the service was top notch. Otherwise, the food was a bit of a disappointment.We last ate here a little  more than a year ago when it first opened.  It was less crowded then but otherwise the food and service remains the same fantastic.   Everything was tasty especially tuna wraps, pasta, cornbread, flatbread, short ribs.   Get the beet juice cocktail so you can pretend to eat healthy.   Somehow our waiter remembered us from our last visit and remembered I ordered the pasta with clams-how is that possible? We ate almost every meal hereBeen here twice and the whole experience is great. It's awesome to see the young local talent that Emeril has confided in to please our pallets. Food, service, drinks, atmosphere, they definitely hit a homer in with this one!Came here on my birthday weekend. Really nice spot, cool neighborhood. We had to wait a few minutes even with a reservation. There is a good list of wines with reasonable prices. The food is creative and diverse tapas. There is a lot of asian influences, and the food was all done well. There were some great options such as the Iberico ham with cheese bread, korean short ribs, and the smoked pork belly. Would go back.I did not have really high hopes. We stopped in because we were hungry and tired of walking. The homage to the food with a tapas flair satisfied way more than expected. We had the smoked fish dip, the boudin tamale, the Brussels sprouts and sweet potato salad, a crayfish flatbread, and a goat cheese plate. 
The cheese plate plus the the Brussels sprouts salad were killer!  All the menu selections we picked were fab.The ambience of this place is great, and menu looked delicious, however, the food was disappointing. We decided on doing all small plates and chose the fried liver, crab croquettes, Korean chicken, smoked gulf fish dip, and upside down cornbread. All of the flavors were extremely strong and difficult to fully enjoy anything more than a bite. Would not order any of those dishes again or recommend them. I ended up feeling very nauseous afterwards. It's a pity because we really enjoyed the vibe of the restaurant.Experience was pretty good. Prices were very good but for a place outside the French quarter how much do you expect to pay. Perfect:
 the portions of each tapas styled dish for 2 to share. 
Prices per dish seemed about right and worth it
Happy hour had a cheap flatbread offering (they may have the wrong idea of what a flatbread is) way to much cheese, too lil other ingredients) and 5$ craft beer which was a decent not to overwhelming selection. Meeting sous chef wilfredo was the highlight of the happy hour he frequently walks the bar and restaurant floor interacting with guests. All in all great experienceWe had a pretty good experience at Meril. I would rate 3.5 stars.
The service was good and the restaurant is well appointed. The cocktail and wine lists have broad offerings. The wine is competitively priced.
Our first course consisted of the chicken livers and deviled eggs. The deviled eggs were great. The remoulade was a great touch. The chicken livers were ok. I found It odd that the crostini are served with the pate underneath. I wish the pate was served on the crostini.the pepper jelly sauce was a great touch, though there was not enough in my opinion.
Our second course was great. The beet salad was delicious.  I with the beets were cut larger. I appreciate having a homogeneous salad when It comes to supporting ingredients, but the star ingredient should be more recognizable. The cornbread was excellent! Almost a cake with respect to sweetness level and texture, It was flavorful, tender, and crispy edges. The bacon marmalade was excellent as well.
The final course was above average but not excellent. The ribeye was well cooked. The accompanying black bean purée was great! The chimichuri was flat, or maybe there wasn't enough. It got lost in the dish. The yucca fries were good, but nothing special. The Nero fettuccini was a component away from being a show stopper. I wish they used jumbo lump crabmeat. We seemed to have mostly shredded leg meat. The pasta was toothsome but under seasoned. The pasta water must have not been salty enough. The sauce was also a bit under seasoned. The dish had a beautiful heat to It. Just a slow lingering burn. I wish the dish was topped with a crispy breadcrumb with parsley and lemon zest. The dish needed salt, some acid, and a crunch element. The breadcrumb could accomplish all three. 
The pecan pie was ok. I appreciated the large amount of pecans. The pastry was very tough. It must have been overworked. The flavor was good, but I wasn't blown away.Just finished with my meal. $50 bucks down the drain. The portions they serve could actually fit in the palm of my hand. I ordered the Korean Short Ribs to start off and the only thing I got were bones and pickles. Upon exiting, I suddenly grabbed a soft plump object that had unfortunately crossed my path. I was seriously about to chow down on this thing but a woman suddenly screamed out, "Hey!!! What's wrong with you?! Put that pigeon down!! You can't do that here!" I promptly apologized to her and the pigeon.Really nice place. Very sleek on the inside. The menu features a lot of small plates, which are good for sharing, but all the food we had was amazing! And our waiter was too. Really a great place.Great food. Trendy, tasty and modern.
Small perfect portion size with amazing taste. 
Highly highly highly recommend it.. 5starsSpirited but slow service of desperately bland small portions. Messily presented calamari slivers drizzled with mayonnaise and somehow flavorless deviled eggs disappointed the first round, and not even shaved truffles could save the crab gnocchi special. Lamb pappardelle was equally small and underwhelming flavor-wise, larger portion of pork belly came as a stack with no real garnish or embellishment. Basically a side of bacon parading as en entree. Couldn't trust dessert wouldn't be equally disappointing, at least everything wasn't grossly overpriced.I went in for my birthday, I was late to my reservation but they where very accommodating for me and my party. It was a very busy night and I knew being a new place things would be a little slow, but in surprise everything was coming out in great time. The food was amazing and the wine was fantastic. Our waitress was great and was funny and sweet. I would definitely come back again with more friends. Thanks for making my birthday great.Had dinner last night at Emeril's latest New Orleans restaurant Merils and it was fabulous. 
Small plate styled restaurant with really great attention to detail and creative flavors. 
Started with capicolla and roasted pepper flatbread along with ham and manchego cheese croquettes with a piquillo pepper sauce. 
Main courses were 5 spice Candied Pork Ribs for my and I ordered the Chimichurri Hanger Steak. We split some Parmesan roasted cauliflower with romesco sauce and brussels sprouts with a house bacon vinaigrette. Also had a bottle of wine and got out for basically $100. Hard to beat. 
Really good food, service, and ambience. Worth checking out.This was my favorite meal in New Orleans. I will return when I go back to NOLA. 
We had to servers; together they were responsive when needed and helped with providing great recommendations. 
I tired a cocktail number 53. My friend who doesn't drink loved the smell and even had a taste. The drink was a strong cocktail but a sweet taste. LOVED. 
I loved that the menu was had a section of vegetables choices. OMG so good. We had the Market Zucchini, Sugar Snap Peas, and Roasted Cauliflower. I loved the Cauliflower, we were given a full bush and eat it all. The sauce was amazing with the cauliflower. 
It was great to have a full meal that filled our bellies and didn't kill our pockets. Looking forward to the next trip.Awful. Micky was horrible to deal with.. horrible.. will not be back. Every time I've been the service has been worse and worse.. officially will not be back. Ever.Moderately priced and great service. Six of us shared appetizers, had entrees, drinks and wine. Dessert too. Lovely fresh food. Interesting flavor profiles. Reasonably priced wine selection. People around us having fun. 
Yummy.Group of 6 had dinner before LSU game.  Great service, fantastic food.  Server recommended great options of small plates -  we experimented and had great food.  Loved the pork belly, flat breads, veggies, sweet ribs-   Lots of beer and tons of food for 6 for 60 a head with ample tip.   Added to my go to listSO FLIPPIN GOOD.  The attention to detail from the wait staff to the food and portions.  Go early because this place fills up fast.Service and drinks are excellent, food is good ( not great ) and portions are pathetic.  Restaurant is load loaded with skinny ladies, maybe because they always eat here.   Very expensive.  Come hungry leave hungry.  Wish I could post a picture, the steak was smaller then a cup cake and it came with 54 over cooked fries.   So fancy!Really wonderful food and service. We enjoyed everything we ordered so much! The gigantic crab mural is also a fun touch. This is a place great for a special evening for top notch food that isn't super  formal. Strongly recommend the pasta with saffron.I love the atmosphere here...so different than the other Emeril restaurants. Very warehouse district, very new orleans.
The food was great- I ordered a salad, 2 appetizers, flatbread and 2 desserts- everything was delicious. And I couldn't believe all of this with 4 cocktails, and our bill was $110, very reasonable!!
We sat at the bar, and had a very friendly bartender, easy to get his attention, and he checked on us often (even with a very busy bar). The drinks were great, a great cocktail menu. He made good suggestions on what to order, too.
I was very impressed by Meril!