This place makes me miss New York! The crust here is absolutely perfect, and has lots of flavor. I ordered a take out order, and was ready in 20 minutes. I got the shrimp pizza, which was actually mediocre. However, I definitely see potential in trying a more normal pizza next time. We also got wings, which was nice because the hot sauce was on the side, not on top. Definitely a local place, and definitely will come back!Some of the best NY style pizza. Great thin crispy foldable slices. Ambiance was a great funky mix of young folk having a beer on their porch and a few families inside. Even on a busy Saturday night the staff was very attentive. My only issue might just be a matter of personal preference. I found the pizza was a little heavy on the garlic powder they finish the pizza with. I know to now to ask for lite garlic.Some of the best pizza in NOLa!
If you're looking for good pizza that is delivered to Mid-City and Lakeview, then this is your place. The slices are huge and the pizza is massive. They offer numerous toppings here that you typically would not find at most pizza joints, like asparagus. Try it on the Fire Bird, my personal favorite.Delicious pizza. Friendly staff. Great happy hour pricing too.  I usually order the calzone; the mushrooms and spinach are fresh really fresh. Lots of choices for beer and drinks.I love pizza and this place only made me appreciate it more. Coming from California, I realized I hadn't tried great tasting pizza until last night. I loved the flavor and crust. It was really a lot healthier than other pizza places I have tried.Another great meal! Nice neighborhood place - casual, fam friendly, good food, friendly staff. We often come after spending time at City Park. 
Have eaten in & called ahead for pickup; both have gone smoothly. Favorite is the Greek pizza with gyro meat and tzatziki (sp?) on the side. Yummy! It is BYOB, so bring wine if you want some with your meal. Will be back!My family travels from coast to coast. A 5 mile radius is standard for deliveries. 1 driver is sad for any restaurant that has delivery as an option. And never tell potential customers what you do or do not deserve. Patrons served or unserved decide that! SmhGreat Pizza! Ordered a large pizza and an order of wings. The food was ready for pickup when they said it would be, and everything was delicious.Have had take out from here quite a few times. Seems to be a really fun place. Always people dinning in when I have gone. The pizza is alright. Nothing to write home about. The large pizza is indeed large though.So bring an appetite!Best pizza in New Orleans. Reasonable price for HUGE pizza. Perfect thin crust. Loaded down with toppings.Omg!If i lived close to this place i would be obese lol.Pizza is spot on.The  mozzarella sticks are delicious.Great job guysMy partner and I had our first date here, so it will always hold a special place in my heart. I love their pizza, mozzarella sticks, and garlic bread. I generally try to stay away from diary, and they have several options that use vegan cheese. Delivery is also quick, but I definitely prefer dining it. It's a really cool atmosphere with great service, local beers on tap, and strong frozen drinks. They can be very busy on weekend nights, and dining in may not be ideal for very large parties.Go here for happy hour. Pizza is fire and local brewed beer for under $3. You can't beat it. Great place to work in the evenings or meet for a quick lunch. Staff is wonderful.BLUF:  One of the better pizzas in the city.  Hand tossed, good toppings, good atmosphere and location.
Went there around 7pm on a Friday and not crowded which was surprizing.  This place used to be across the street as Lazarros pizza.  This location used to be Crescent City Sausage and Pie (or something like that).  I am glad it is now Mid City Pizza cuz now I can spell it.  
Good location, I love this area of mid-city.  The actual shop is nice.  Walk in and order at the bar.  Couple beers on tap but standard.  
The pizza is pretty dang good.  Crispy hand tossed but not too crispy.  Good toppings.  We prefer to build our own pizzas; kalamata olives, mushrooms and pepperoni.  Great.    We got a large and finished it.  (1 guy 1 girl)
Great staff.  Very nice and helpfulA great spot for a good slice! Meaty and slightly greasy just like I like it. 
Atmosphere and service are chill.Fantastic pizza place, even better frozen mimosas in the AM! Laid back pizza place in MidCity. Came here by myself while friend napped during Mardi Gras. The calzone was enough to eat on the next 3 days for a snack and the premade frozen drink (I forgot what it's called lol) was strong and delicious. The bartender was so nice and even charged my phone while I ate. Will definitely be back on my next trip to New Orleans.Favorite place for pizza in the city so far.. meat pizza is great. And so is everything else we've tried.BEST PIZZA IN NOLA! Love this place and I can't eat any other pizza besides Mid City. Any other pizza just doesn't satisfy my pizza cravings anymore. Shrimp remoulade is the regular we usually order. I've tried other pizzas from here that are good as well, but the shrimp remoulade is my favorite. The crust is very thin and crispy and how a pizza crust should taste. Order the wings as well, you won't be disappointed. The wings are so good!! Crispy and perfect. Only con is street parking. Recommend going here during the day time because walking to your car at night around this area is very dark and sketch.Best pizza in New Orleans. Reasonable price for HUGE pizza. Perfect thin crust. Loaded down with toppings.I just can't say enough about this place. They are consistently the best Pie in the city. I've eaten at all the supposedly "Best" but nothing compares to these guys!!! The Margarita is to die for.Pizza and Caesar salad were great but the staff wasn't very friendly. It was my first visit and didn't know forks were near the front door. When I asked for forks lady behind the bar was very rude. Turns out the fork container was empty. Order wings but never got them, wasn't charged though.Great service, really good pizza, cool ambiance. Very happy we tried this pizza joint. Not a huge beer selection, but good enough. 
Smaller joint, but not crowded. And hey have a patio. 
Pizza: fresh ingredients, crust with a good combo of chew and crispness. Not the most incredible pizza I've had, but definitely and completely pleased.Nice!
I'm fairly critical of pizza. I like a nice thin crust and truly good topping. This place fulfills both of those. Great pizza and bar. 
Food:
While I didn't purchase any alcohol, I can say the pizza was awesome! My friend and I split a 10 inch T-Bird. The crust was crispy, the toppings were evenly distributed and plentiful, and the sauce was tasty and not overpowering. I was surprised by the combination of asparagus, sausage, and pepperoni, but it all worked and was delicious!
I don't know that they had desserts on the menu, but they offer Girls Gone Vegan desserts on the bar. I'm not vegan, but I highly recommend giving it a  taste. (The brownie tastes like one those Little Debbie cosmic brownies).
The bar offered beer, wine, and cocktails
Appearance:
It's a divey, hipster style place in Mid-City. Indoor and outdoor seating. The restaurant itself is a house that's been converted into a restaurant and bar, with a porch added, for more seating. There was some presumably local art on the wall as well as some (skate) boards. They have (I think just one) unisex bathroom that was clean.
Service: We were greeted and helped immediately. The employees were nice and attentive.
What to Expect: The place is on banks, but the entrance is on the side street. You order at the bar, but sit anywhere you like. There's a TV. Its a little dark on this street at night, but the restaurant is very well lit to combat this.
In conclusion, I will be back with more friends. I've tried lots of Mid-City area pizzas and this one is my favorite!Maybe it was just an off day yesterday for them but I wasn't a fan of this pizza.  I loved the place but the crust was a definite disappointment.  Maybe it's because the cooks were drinking beer?  You have to prepare and handle your dough properly to get the best flavor and texture from your crust.  I am doubting their commitment to consistency and quality so can't really recommend you go.  The pictures look really great and the smells are awesome.  The ingredient quality is there for sure. 
The Caesar salad is a great deal for $6.50.  I shared it with my wife and it was plenty and really delicious.  Good value but we ordered mushrooms for $1.50 on our 10" and we got one sliced up shroom.  Too many ingredients make for soggy pizza but this was short for sure.  One of the pizza crusts was doughy, chewy and heavy and the other was a little better.  I was a baker and make my own at home so I have some knowledge about this.  They need some guidance or maybe like I said they just didn't have their A-list guys making them yesterday.  
There isn't a lot of options for great pizza in New Orleans.  I travel a lot so maybe this is 4 or 5 stars for NOLA but overall isn't all that great.  Maybe we'll try it again and give them another chance to be a little kinder to their dough.Big pizzas and fresh ingredients. Good stuff all round. It is a nice place to get a drink and a pie.Best pizza in midcity hands down, particularly the herbivore and meat monster (ironic, no?). Their new location includes a bar so if you're eating in or picking up you can grab a cold one.
They also deliver very late which is a huge added plus when you're feeling lazy or can't safely drive. I've had some great pizzas in the city and this (can't vouch for the rest of the menu) holds its own, especially being conveniently located in midcity. 
5 stars? Close. Regardless, this is our go to pizza spot in the area.Best cheese sticks ever!!! They are huge and and delicious. Price is nice too. We got wings, cheese sticks and their waffle fries and were stuffed for under $20. Great late night go to spot. Their food is not over fried and out of a freezer bag and it definitely shows. Awesome pizza. I love the thin crust. We order at least once a week and are always happy!This place was okay, the wings are huge and taste like zapps BBQ potato chips (which is NOT a bad thing!) I was not, however, very pleased with the pizza. I can't put my finger on it but it was lacking something. We did not like the fact that you have to walk up to the bar to order and pay, its a really small place and it wouldn't be very difficult for them to walk up to the table and take an order. Would give 4 stars if it was table service.This is, hands down, one of the three best pizza places in town.  its close to perfection.  we eat it once a week or so, and it has never been less than stellar.  I always build an herbivore, and their topping selection is awesome.  My kids dig the firebird with the Terranova Sausage (locally made!).
DIsregard the 2 star review. the reviewer gave dominos 4 stars.  Ergo, the reviewer doesn't understand pizza.First trip tonight.  We ordered a large Top 5.  Great crust, lots of toppings, friendly service, and cold beer.  What more could you ask for in a neighborhood pizza place?  We will definitely be back!We love mid city pizza. So damn good. The ingredients are fresh. they're super accommodating to my very specific dietary needs. The staff is so nice and they hide their annoyance at my many requests or maybe they're just that cool that they don't get annoyed. Whatever they don't make me feel like an asshole because I go easy on the cheese extra on the sauce. I Just ate there again and I screwed up my order.  They offered to fix immediately but nope I ate my pizza and it was still really good.  I saw one reviewer say he should have ordered Dominoes. No sir you shouldn't, I did that the last I was being a cheapskate and my digestive system paid for it dearly. If you want good quality pizza this is the place!Great Place, Good Atmosphere, and Great Pizza. Very surprise of the size of pizza, but can def share up to 4-5 peopleIt always makes me smile to find a great slice of pizza in New Orleans. This was my first time trying Mid City Pizza and I was impressed! 
I went in with one other person for dinner on the early side on a Sunday. The two large tables in the middle were filled with families with young kids (a little noisy and overwhelming) so we sat at the bar. The bar was bustling because orders are placed up there, but people were respectful that we were eating there and the staff was still attentive. 
On recommendation, we ordered the BBQ chicken pizza and had no regrets! We heard a lot of people order The Drizzle and Firebird pies, which made us curious and wanting to go back soon! It's not the fastest nor cheapest pizza you'll ever eat, but it is worth it here for the quality of the crust and ingredients and service. 
I'd say the best deal is probably the happy hour before 6pm when slices are available plus half price beer and wine. If I worked closer, I could see this easily being a clutch lunch spot.I would like to update my review to point out the owner's attitude, further proving my initial main point.  Clearly the employee attitude problem is top-down.They serve food til midnight! Yay! If only they delivered to Treme. We'd give them SO much business, wouldn't we, guys? Please, will SOMEONE deliver to Treme?
Waffle fries = killer. Pizza = yummy. Nice people too.The cooks don't use gloves while preparing food! Strictly against health violations.I sure hope no one was scratching their crack before making your pizza.I guess all that beer drinking while working makes one stupid
.Pizza Margherita is wonderful. I suggest adding extra cheese since its spotty. Wait time for ordering a pizza is around 30 min. Delivery is a no go. I've tried 3 times. First time they said they wouldn't come. Last two times the wait was 1.5 hours.Very nice atmosphere, came here on a Saturday for lunch and it was everything that was promised to me from multiple people. The pizza was great, wings were great, and the $1 mimosas were outstanding.Just arrived in New Orleans and looking for late night dinner without having to leave my house- super fast delivery and great customer service! Just ordered a pizza this time around and tastes great!The pizza was good, as usual. However, low ratings today because the toppings were so skimpy.Shout out to you for being the best pizza place in the city.  That T-Bird is my jam.  Pizza Delicious who?  Keep doing you, boo.I am a regular at mid-city pizza, they usually have phenomenal food. Truly one of the best places in the city to get pizza up until tonight. I used to tell everyone about their pizza because I'm from New York originally and it's hard to find good pizza down here. Needless to say, I am so beyond disappointed with my to-go order. This evening at 10:15pm I placed an order to pick up -I ordered one large plain cheese pizza and chicken wings, like I usually always do. The very rude bartender whom took my order said it would take about 15-20 minutes. Ok sure, no problem. I left my house 5 minutes later. It takes me 8 minutes to get there(as per my GPS) so I walked in, paid the rude bartender (my bill was $25.00) left her 3.00 tip, even though she was rude and unfriendly. When I got home I opened my box of pizza and I was shocked, it looked like it had been sitting for hours. It was ice ice cold and shriveled up. Also covered with bubbles and hardly any cheese, crust all bent in half. My chicken wings that were $6.00 there was only 5 wings, normal size. I am so disappointed and I will not be retuning as a customer. I don't expect the pizza to be steaming boiling hot, but I mean c'mon. It is a shame because this used to be one of my favorite spots. I could understand if they were very busy but there was one table in the restraunt and one bar customer. Such a waste of $28.00. Save your time and money. Looks like I'll have to try and find a new pizza place.Best margharita pizza, but really-- Mid City Pizza is the best pizza in New Orleans. A little pricey but worth it. Their daily pizza specials are always delicious.Delicious just delicious!!!! We had uber deliver this to our hotel bc we had been drinking quite a bit but this was the best pizza we've had in a LONG time.I am almost a big fan....
Atmosphere/service is consistent and great. The pizza crust is perfect, the 10" plenty of pizza for one person and the ingredients are fresh. Unfortunately, the flavor in the tomato sauce is just lacking. I really don't like salty food at all but the tomato sauce tastes like nothing but low sodium/no salt canned tomatoes. No amount of Parmesan cheese could fix this and It has been the same on the two occasions I have eaten here. If the tomato sauce flavor were less bland, I'd say some of the better pizza in Nola!Authentic & eclectic. A very serious approach in taking simple ingredients & creating unique flavor combinations. Their dough has the right amount of elasticity & the right amount of chew. This is what pizza should be. Simple & fresh done right.My husband and I came here for a weeknight dinner. The service is friendly, and the menu is fun, but not too big or unnecessarily eclectic. We decided to split a ceasar salad and a pizza with pepperoni, hot sausage, bacon, olives and onions. The salad was good, and the pizza was really good.  It was thin, hot and crispy, with melty cheese, fresh toppings and a nice Italian herb flavor to it. We will be back!Omg. Should be enough to describe this place yet the guys over at yelp think I should be a little more windy. Luckily for them I have some extra time tonight. First of all I was greeted by one of the most helpful people I've ever spoken to here in my travels to New Orleans. She knew exactly how to deal with my stupid requests to not only ruin the integrity of the pizza by ordering - a vegan sauce and a vegan cheese-  and then cover that thing in the finest meats our great city has to offer. Mid city pizza blew me away, and it wasn't the service, it was the zza. I'm average length and so is this review, love you to mars and probably not all the way back, my fave pizza, mi amor, Au revoir.The pizza was delicious - thin and crispy , perfect.  We had 6 people (3 adults, 3 kids) we ordered 2 large and a calzone...the large pizza was so large that we ended up bringing s whole pizza home.  Love that they are open to midnight cause we were eating late.  We will definitely be backthe word dopalicious doesn't do it justice. It's double dopalicious.  much better.BEST pizza in the city! Absolutely amazing. Service is great with awesome staff. The newly added bar is a good addition to the restaurant, chill atmosphere with good music.  Nice amount of beers on tap too. 
If you haven't been here yet go to midcity pizza for your pizza fix! Not to mention free arcade games!  Get Ya pizza on!
#whodoesntlovebeerandpizzaPizza is good, but overpriced.  But that is not why I am giving a bad review.  The service is terrible here....unless you are friends with the bar tenders or cooks who seem to all cater to their group scene, you will be  invisible.  If you are not a  "regular" (who  knew a pizza place had regulars...lmfao) forget about getting a drink or order.    Always takes about 15 to 20 minutes to do the simple transaction of me picking my order, and that's after giving them at least an hour to actually make the pizza. .  I don't go to this place anymore...I realize I am simply not cool enough for this place! Oh well, I'll just  continue with Venezia, or any of the old school Pizza places nearby where they have no problem doing the transaction of me handing them cash and them handing me my pizza.Pretty cool pizza joint. You order at the counter then take a seat wherever. Got the wings and t-bird pizza. Food was good and the people were friendly. Would definitely come again.Never answer the phone and always mess the order up. The food is good but poorly run and needs a managerThis is a solid neighborhood pizza place. The pizza is great -- and vegetarian and vegan friendly. They offer 7 veggie toppings for their veggie pizza and I believe they also have vegan cheese available (I read it in a vegan food guide, but forgot to ask). Plus the outdoor patio is nice. I would definitely go back the next time I'm in the neighborhood.I came here with the family Saturday night.  We chose this place due to reviews and none of us have been there before.  The service was awful!  We ordered the wings.  The came out fresh and hot and accompanied hot sauce, ranch and bleu cheese.  They were very good and meaty.  We had the cheese sticks.  Very cheesy and good, too.  We ordered 2 pizzas.  One half pepperoni and sausage.  Both were amazing.  Nice big slices.  The other was the meat I didn't have, but the family seemed to enjoy.  I will probably order delivery or take out next time.Great New York style crust. The T Bird has a nice crispy crust. New location across the street really works. Get a beer and a pie and enjoy banks street.Wow! This pizza is as good as it gets. For me, its the combination of the vibe inside, the cool look outside, and the fresh marinara brewing on outside on the burner as I walked up.  Hand made Brooklyn style 18" pies with the freshest ingredients in the city. The dough is perfectly sweet and pairs delightfully with the robust marinara sauce. Service is excellent and you feel at home when you dine-in. The wings and mozzarella sticks are out of this world. If you are looking for a staple, go with the Margherita or the Firebird. You can't go wrong with any menu item. Top notch, good work guys!One of my favorite places to go for pizza. The chicken wings are okay but I go for the pizza so it's a fair trade off. The staff is always friendly and attentive. The only downside is parking since it's a residential neighborhood plus add to that there's a bar right across the street. But the pizza is worth the effortGreat place to visit especially for first-timers in New Orleans! Atmosphere is great (love the huge flat screen that is playing shows from Netflix), service is friendly and speedy, and the food is awesome. A friend and I split an order of mozzarella sticks and a 10 inch supreme pizza--fresh ingredients and good portions. Will definitely be coming back when I visit New Orleans!Service was great. Mel rocks! Pizza was even better. "Macho Man" is where it's at yahurd!Good prompt delivery with tasty pizza. Reasonable price and a nice caprese salad. Haven't had much pizza in Nola so maybe this is a good one???The name is straight to the point and so is the menu and atmosphere. You order at the counter and wait for your food at the table. 
The menu consists of pizza and a few other things like caesar salad and fried cheese sticks. You definitely have options when it comes to your toppings but I was with a boring pepperoni pizza eater so I cant tell you about those. The pizza is traditional New York style with the right amount of everything, sauce, cheese, crust, etc.
 I say they rank right up there with the best.visiting from out of town and loved my food! also loved my server Evan! he was so sweet and helpful!!!Good little pizza place.  We had cheese bread, cheese pizza, sausage & mushroom pizza, a calzone and a meatball sandwich.  The pizza was great, fresh &  delicious.  The cheese bread was great.  I would skip the calzone and meatball sandwich next time.  The meatballs were very salty and spicy. The calzone was stuffed with mainly ricotta and a little mozzarella.  Would not recommend that either. 
Stick with the pizza and you can't go wrong!Mid City Pizza is the most legit pizza place in the South! Everything on their menu is AWESOME, including their wings! I love Mid City Pizza so much that my boyfriend and I are thinking about holding our commitment ceremony here. Mid City Pizza, do you do weddings? They also have a pretty damn good wine selection.Holy hell!!! These mozzarella sticks should be illegal! And the marinara sauce is OMG! good!!! But... wait for it... the pizza is absolute, delicious perfection! From the fresh ingredients to the crust that is exactly the right ratio of crisp to dough, and gooey, yummy mozzarella that melts in your mouth! I can't say enough. AND it's a Monday at a quarter to midnight, and the awesome and wise bartender, Julia, didn't bat an eye about me coming in so close to closing time. Thanks MCP! Best place in the 504!!!A place in town that delivers incredible quality pizza AND cheese fries until 2 AM? Heaven help me and my waist line. The margarita is my go to and fantastic. The mid city meat monster is truly a wonder though. Takes a little for the delivery, but the best things come to those who wait.Mid city pizza is stuck in the limbo of generic "artisanal" style pizza available at a million overpriced bourgie pie joints nationwide. The overpriced and limp pizza wasn't very hot, took forever to come out, and the employees were apathetic dicks even with a large, sympathetic pre-meal "I'm in the shitty service industry too and I am sorry you're working Sunday" tip. 
Atmosphere-wise, this place is having an identity crisis. Is this a family joint? An elite hipster enclave? Hippie-ish den of dough? At least the wings were good.Awesome food, great atmosphere. My number one pizza spot for delivery or dine in. I really like the new location.Really good pizza & I'm not a pizza fan! Try the firebird it is great! And it's wonderful that they deliver so late!!Finally found great pizza in New Orleans! I had almost given up hope. This city has truly terrible pizza. This place however has awesome pizza! Quick delivery and decent prices too. Will definitely make this place my go to.Looking for a vegan pizza and happened upon a vegan calzone!  Awesome!  It was so delicious and "cheesy".  I am glad i found this place, and I'm their new regular customer.  I'll be back for a pizza soon.Ate there on Saturday night. Just stumbled upon it.
I have eaten a lot of good pizza all over the country. I will have to say that this one is in my top 3.
Thin crust is very good (which I like) it and very flavorful.
A good variety of cold beer to go along with it.
Of course, I ordered my favorite pizza... Pepperoni, grern olive, jalapeno. F as a ntastic.Love their crust. Crust is everything. You know it's good when a plain cheese pizza is satisfying. Love the atmosphere here too. Cool staff. I wished I lived close enough so I can get it delivered.Used to order delivery from here until I went in and saw how nasty the place is. Air vents have black dust on them, there's a poopy smell coming from between the keg fridge and the bar back. The employees are cool though, all nice people. Food is okay too without seeing the place but sheeeit would it kill the manager to get the sanitation rolling. And not just the "hey clean up" comments, but like hire people specifically to clean that place up. I'm sure the filters in almost every vent haven't been changed since opening. But don't take my word for it I only walked in once and it's my last so I'm biased. Again, nice people, and decent pizza if you don't look around the placeI have noticed that I have been on a big pizza binge lately, but that is fine by me because I love it!
Came with a friend to try out the original location. After being told that the cheese sticks are the best, I ordered that with a Margherita pizza. The cheese sticks were superb! More like a cheese log than a cheese stick, but I am not one to complain. The pizza was pretty good, I think I cheated myself out of trying better options, but good pizza is still better than no pizza. You order at the bar, and wait at the table for them to bring it to you. Nice little spot and enjoyed the experience. It is in a great location for food and drinks, so If you plan on hitting up the midcity bars, you would be wise to try out Mid City Pizza for that carb fix!The vegan pizza and vegan brownie were delicious. At the fun bar staff's recommendation we tried Chafunkta Cream Ale.  Best local beer we tried and we have been to two breweries.   The beer is served in chilled mugs and pitchers. We also LOVED the waffle fries. Highly recommend this place for a low key night with entertaining staff.I ate lunch here the other day and tried the Mid City Meat Monster pizza.  They must've changed ownership or something because the quality has gone downhill - including the employee attitude.  I suspect it is because they have gotten popular and no longer need the business.  The sausage was chewy, and it seemed like the pizza had been sitting out.
With only the above, I would have given 2 stars.  
However, I decided to give them another shot, so I tried to order delivery this evening.... aaaaand, (1) my opinion is now cemented re: their attitude.  (2) Furthermore, just a heads-up that their restrictive delivery area is beyond ridiculous.  I inquired as to whether they would deliver to my house, and they do not.  My house is pretty much a straight shot down Marconi (never traffic) with three turns and under 10 minutes driving, yet it's too far.  It must be nice to not need the business.  Maybe we should all open pizza joints and hire sass-pot employees!NYC transplant and looooove Mid City Pizza. I want to be friends with the guys who run this place too - ha!!! They always seem so genuinely enthralled with making pizza!!! Pizza can't be beat. Always uber fresh ingredients and real chicken, meat, etc...not processed junk. The mozzarella sticks are AMAZING. Make sure you have someone to share with or you might try to eat them all. 
I love that it's a no fluff kind of place too. Seat yourself with outdoor seating, frozen daiquiris that are strong! Great stuff.LAZY DELIVERY DRIVER. The driver wouldn't take a 3 minute detour because of flooding on Canal Blvd. Just being lazy.Mid City Pizza's original location, which is actually in Mid-City unlike their uptown sister shop that I usually visit, also differs from the offshoot in that it is a full sit-down restaurant with an outdoor deck. I also got a less warm welcome here for some reason, but I'm not overly concerned about it.
One of their most distinctive offerings is a classic New Orleans tradition, red beans and rice, which is offered on top of a pizza, appropriately available only on Mondays. It sounds kind of ridiculous, but I nonetheless felt compelled to try it. The menu doesn't really describe what you're getting, but it comes with a heavy spread of mostly beans (rice seems perfunctory in addition to the crust anyway) with no cheese. Vegetables included a few pepper and onion slices and something round and fruity that I couldn't quite identify (roasted garlic?). The flavor as a whole was hearty and warm but not overly spicy. Of note, these are vegetarian beans according to the interview with the chef that I read.
I also got mozzarella sticks, which were quite satisfying and filling. There are plenty of regular pizzas composed of a crust with sauce and cheese as well, and ample topping options. They offer vegan cheese and a many-vegetable special. Takeout was ready quickly, but I'd be happy to sit outside on a nice day as well. I wouldn't recommend visiting New Orleans for the pizza scene, but this place is solid.Best Pizza option in mid city. Fresh ingredients, great dough, plus they stay open later than most other food options in mid city. And now at their new (and much nicer location) they serve beer, wine and liquor til midnight!
** be sure to ask about the seasonal specialty pizzas like red beans and rice, and boudin.Atmosphere is great and menu is reasonably priced. Their pizza is so good! I work nearby and am thankful to order sometimes during my lunch break:-)Somewhere along the way, I misplaced my left shoe. Looking down confirmed this. Looking up and over the expanse confirmed nothing. I was walking a dark path along a brown river and things seemed slippery. How did I get here? Where was I going? What was the last thing I remembered? There was a void, but not a void in memory; a literal void. The sort of deep emptiness akin to those reserved for mothers with lost children or spirits doomed to roam limbo for eternity. Looking deeper into the darkness a transient feeling took shape within me but then quickly dissipated. I tried to concentrate. It was an unmistakable urge; a growing pain. Then the organic feeling took on a semi recognizable shape. I reached at it in the void. It slipped away. I swatted about in a frantic passion and with each swipe clutched a slight bit more of the fleeting sand. Suddenly, a grasp. All at once, the void revealed itself as its true shape; it was my arch nemesis: Hunger.
A battle as great as any that took place on all the continents in all the wars, combined. I was at war with my very own stomach, that cunning bastard. It took my emotions hostage and compromised any future I may have until things were resolved. The Hunger must be suppressed. It seems so much more vivid now: There I was, down for the count. The Hunger was on top of me, and was taking the pin. I could smell Its musk and feel Its bony joints grinding into mine on the mat. As the vignette grew towards the center of my vision, I looked out into the bleachers and saw my girlfriend sitting there cringing, tears streaming down her face as she clutched onto my varsity jacket. I couldn't let her down. I had to take state. I can't let The Hunger ruin me. In one swift motion I gathered all of my remaining strength, held my breath and found it within myself to reverse the pin and take the upper hand in the conflict!
Now I'm in a cab; a nice little Honda Accord. Uber is a funny word to say, I thought to myself. I remember almost falling on the way into the backseat because one of my shoes wasn't fully tied; go figure. The humid wind felt great in my hair. The driver was nice enough and didn't mind all the potholes in my neighborhood, or at least pretended not to. He talked about how he had one more ride for the evening and then was surely grabbing some pizza. PIZZA. That's where I was headed. How could I have forgotten?? Like a cornerstone sliding perfectly into place, a slice of pizza slid down into the empty triangular void of my brain and fit snugger than OJ's glove. I was going to Mid City Pizza. It was always a good vibe in there, and the 'Za is simply out of this world. In fact, I wouldn't be opposed to launching a few slices into deep space for other lifeforms to one day possibly enjoy through whatever orifice they might ingest with. If a slice of amazingly good pizza from Earth isn't an offering of lifelong peace, I don't know what is. Wait, what? We're here? I fumbled a bit getting out of the car and felt something slip but was too intent on getting inside Mid City Pizza, that I didn't care.
Enclosed areas are always a thing, you know? Like, it's fine to be on the outside on the planet when you aren't exactly feeling like yourself, but immediately upon entering those establishment doors, somethings sorta comes out of the corners and looms over you. Or is that just me? What were we talking about? Oh yeah, I opted to sit outside on the lovely patio area that Mid City Pizza offers. It was a beautiful night and there is some lovely pizza artwork to take in as well. The friendly girl inside took my order as her face melted onto the counter, ever so slowly. Her glasses and earrings just kinda lurched out of the skin and fell aside to their own devices as she continued to jot my order in with her still intact and operable right arm. I needed some fresh air. As I took in the sights and sounds of Mid city, it wasn't long before my appetizer came out to me: a fresh pile of mouth watering wings that a friendly stork delivered to my table. Wings just as, if not better than most official wing spots? Yes, please. Coming 'round the bend just moments later was my pizza, a fresh blend of ingredients they call a Shrimp Remoulade that deliciously dissolved into my cheeks like a fresh sugar cube. The pizza was exquisite, to say the very least, and the staff of pink flamingos were all so very friendly. A return is certain, but first I have to take a leak.
Zipping up my pants I noticed that I was missing my left shoe. Wasn't I just at a show with some friends by the river? There was a knock at the door. Wait, am I in a bathroom? Opening the door, there was my Uber driver, holding a shoe and a slice of pizza. "Howdy bub, fun night, eh?" he said, as he handed me my missing link. "Sure" I replied and quickly grabbed my shoe and rushed to the nearest exit into the outside world. What was this place? Mid City Pizza? I gotta get home and figure out what that stuff was...and get some more...Decided to venture out of my hood and throw my diet to the wind for some pizza at Mid City Pizza.  Well worth the quick drive from the Marigny and the calories!  Pizza was amazing, as always! Fresh ingredients and perfectly cooked. Look forward to the next visit and hopefully the weather will cooperate so we can enjoy our pie on the deck!whoa! i'm talking flavor blast! all over your tastebuds. can't say it enough, the flavor is through the roof on this pizza. i was jazzed to try the red beans and rice slice. i liked it so much i went back the next day but in true NOLA fashion, they only serve that slice on mondays. GENIUS! what a way to maintain a loyal following and embed yourself in that local nola homegrown flavor. so what did i get instead?? taco slice! was it flavorful? let's taco about it..i pick my peno peppers off bc the spice gives me heartburn but added a lil sour cream and voila. flavor explosion!! pizza? yes please! so long as its from Mid City Pizza!The beer is cold. The staff is friendly. Enough said. 
They say my post is too small so forcing me to say more than I want..., the pizza was not great.Went here tonight pizza sucked..It was undercooked and lacked flavor.What a shame last time we has it it was excellent! Seems they lack consistently.Great local spot. Came here after attending my husband's high school homecoming game. It's a small quaint place and the staff is great. There was a mix up with our order so they comped our drinks which was a sweet deal. The lady playing the music was rolling thru the hits from back in the day. The vibe is college but not. Definitely be back.By far the best local pizza! Great service (never long wait times) and always fresh. I recommend this place to everyone.I walked in soon as it opened to get a pie to go. The lady behind the counter was very friendly. I ordered a mid city monster and brought it home. I'm not a big fan of oregano but they are. I really wanted to like it but not a fan of the flavor.Mid City pizza is the bomb. Always my go to pizza place. A little more expensive than the main chains, but you get what you pay for: fresh ingredients, good service, and overall amazing pizza. After falling in love with Mid City pizza all other pizzas pale in comparison. 
Favorites: BBQ chicken pizza and Margherita with chicken pizza 
What can I say? I like a good chicken pizza. Oh did I mention it's right across from Banks Street Bar, so you can get wasted with your friends, order a pie for pickup, bring it back to the bar and become a hero.In town for a conference and was craving pizza, found this place on yelp. It is a pretty small place but had really good pizza at some pretty reasonable prices.Great Pie and I am a NY pizza snob. Thank you Mid City Pizza for being real NY style pizza.Plus sides are that they are open and deliver late and the price is fair. Downside they only have thin crust and I mean paper thin. Makes the pizza soggy and floppy. If that's what your into (which I know some are) then this is the place for you. I tried this place twice just to be fare and still didn't like it.This is still my favorite pizza in New Orleans! I love that they now offer dine in because I moved to Broadmoor, and they don't deliver in that area. I only eat cheese pizza (and it's delicious!), but my husband has tried several variations. He really likes their Hawaiian pizza. It's also nice that you can pick your toppings and build your own.
Previous review on old page: I really, really love this pizza! It's not too greasy, and the sauce is delicious. The crust is kind of thin and the perfect crunchy. Their workers are super friendly, and their delivery time is usually pretty short.TERRRRRIBLE!!!!!! What kind of pizza place goes hours during prime time without answering the phone for orders. Goes straight to voicemail. Called the number listed on every site. Hope you guys close the doors for good if this is how you run your business.This pizza joints parallels the comeback this area has made. As soon as you walk in the door you know you will get an amazing slice from the atmosphere and awesome staff running the joint. I took the streetcar from the CBD all the way there and what a great decision it was. The BBQ chicken pizza was super good and the classic pepperoni really highlights the ingredients used, there are no corners cut here and you can tell the passion put into the product. The end result is a pizza place that you like enough to write a stellar review on! Keep killing it MCP, I'll without a doubt make a special trip back my next time in Nola.The pizza was excellent. They had some inventive topping combos along with the classics.Got to try Mid City for the first time recently, and was really impressed! Their crust is really quite special:  New York style, not too thin, bubbly, with a crispy but tender crunch around the edges. Individual slices hold up really well to the generous toppings, making eating this pizza very easy and enjoyable.  I also love the 80s/90s throwback decor- takes me back to my childhood with pizza-time, fun memories.  
The toppings are very high quality across the board. Hot sausage from local Italian market Terranova's, thin ribbons of aparagus, and house-made meatballs are just a few among many stellar options to pick from.  Lots of great vegetarian options as well.  Definitely in my top 3 pizza joints in the New Orleans area.My favorite pizza in the city! All the ingredients are fresh and it comes through in flavor.  It's a great little cozy spot for a casual dinner or quick lunch.This establishment has been like a parent to me during my Mardi Gras experience. My comrades and i have come approximately 6 times in 2 days, and i finally understand what love is like. The staff is so lovely, and the pizza is delightful. I plan to name my child Mid City Pizza.More like Mid Tity Pizza! Thst dude with the dreads is a mark! With his burnt pepperonis. I miss the guy w the bald head he was ok real real hard worker.Was so glad that there is a pizza place a block away, yet it was a disappointment. I ordered the "T-Bird special" pizza which was supposed to include asparagus. There was probably half of one spear of asparagus that was shredded into super thin slivers, placed one about every 3". If it's a case of running out of an ingredient, just say so - don't stretch it. Got fries here once too and they were soggy. Bummer.I've eaten a lot of pizza in this city, and after coming here twice I'm confident that this is the best pizza in New Orleans.Ordered two calzones for delivery. 
Pro: 1. Delivers late.
 2. Pretty big serving size.
 3. Pretty good price.
Con: 1. COMPLETELY burnt underside of my calzone and some of my friend's. The top also had patches of black. Detracted from the taste.
2. Sauce is really weak, almost completely watery. Also gave very small container for huge calzone. 
Maybe the calzones are not their thing, or maybe we got them on an off night. I was caught between giving them 2 or 3 stars but I prioritized taste over convenience.As I stepped into my car, I set the directions onto this place seeing as I was craving something cheesy. I definitely wasn't disappointed, the calzone was definitely cheesy. The ham was delicious, and the toppings ranged from mushrooms, artichokes, and more!
The calzone wasn't too bad, it was pretty fresh actually. You could see them rolling the dough and putting the toppings on top. The employees are really nice, and the atmosphere on the inside is pretty relaxing. Now that it's seventy degrees outside in New Orleans, the A/C felt amazing! Overall, the food was pretty good for a first time.Just stopped here for lunch and we all were satisfied with our lunch. Large pepperoni pizza not too greasy and seasoned good.  Even had a frozen mimosa - nice.I love this little neighborhood place. They have the best hot wings I've ever tasted and good sized portions. The chicken tenders are large and so are their pizza slices. You can buy a pepperoni slice during happy hour for $3.50. Great comfort food in the heart of mid city, with local delivery.PROS:
Nice Mid City location. 
Great covered wooden deck for eating outdoors.
Cute indoor atmosphere. 
Super friendly staff. 
Quality ingredients.
Crisp crust. 
Great selection. 
Good prices.
CONS:
I got spoiled by being able to order individual slices when they were next to Banks Street Bar. They no longer offer that. Bring it back please!
Mid City Pizza is my favorite pizza in New Orleans!First time here and everything was great! We got the BBQ monster it had huge pieces of chicken, bell pepper, & onion! They have great prices!Zero customer service. Pizza was more grease than anything else. Every topping costs the same which doesn't make sense. Then they put lots of pepperoni (expensive item) but three bites of mushrooms and green peppers on the entire pizza. Not worth the money. After using 5 napkins to absorb the grease it was somewhat edible. I'll drive the extra half mile to Theos every time.Best pizza in Mid City?
Without a doubt. It's the closest thing to a legit New York City - style pizza in regards to slice size and the crispy, thin crust. I've had their cheese, pepperoni and supreme styles, all superb. As a real pizza slice should function, you're gonna have to fold this baby in half to get er' done. All of the ingredients are fresh and it definitely shows when you bite in.
Sporting a new location, Mid City Pizza has taken over where Crescent Pie & Sausage Co. used to be. If you've been to Mid City Pizza before and unfamiliar as to where C.P.S. was, it's directly across the street on the corner of Banks & S. Alexander.
I've yet to visit since they've moved to the new location, but nothing has changed in the quality of the food. Still, you can expect to wait a solid 40 minutes for delivery, but they're usually busy and for good reason.The pizza is very good. I think better than Pizza Delicious in Nola. The crust is definitely better. There is seating but very basic & no ambience. 
The only complaint I have is there was scant to almost no cheese on my pizza other than the extra topping of buffalo mozzarella. I had to inquire if there was regular mozzarella on it. The young woman came out & we inspected & almost needed a magnifying glass to find cheese! She admitted if you order a cheese as an extra topping the kitchen adds less regular cheese topping so be sure to request extra cheese even though you shouldn't have to! It would've been superb if not for lack of cheese. Do go here! Love the crust & it could be excellent pizza. Service is fast.5 stars alone on their mozzarella sticks. Big fluffy mounds of cheesy goodness covered by this crust that is practically indestructible (in a good way)! No matter how many dips into that homemade marinara sauce, the mozzarella stick remained intact and bread covered. Wonderful cold. Indescribably heavenly when hot. 
Last night, we also ordered the Fire Bird. Sauce definitely had sriracha because the heat was not coming from that spicy sausage. Heat level of 3 1/2 out of 5 when cold. But it was still a very tasty pizza. 
So overall 4 out of 5 for their delivery. Star taken off because they quoted us a 45-60 minute quote time. Food took about 45 minutes but was ice cold by the time it got to me (normally a 7-8 minute drive from the place). So I would suggest dine in if you still want the stuff hot. If not, you're still getting decent pizza delivered to you.This was a really cute pizza ship nestled in Midcity near Jesuit. We had the BBQ Chicken Pizza and the large pieced felt like a full meal all by itself. I'll definitely be coming back.Food was savory...service lacking...not out of this world but not blah. For how stuck up in the air the servers' noses were, you would have thought the food was made from spun gold or that they shouldn't have to bother serving common folk.I've ordered takeout from here twice which was enough for me. The pizza is subpar at best. The first time I ordered a large shrimp remoulade, the sauce "drizzled" on top was more like a drench. It overpowered the whole pizza and made it barely edible. Second time I thought I would give them another try and order something different. I ordered a caprese salad and small BBQ chicken pizza. First, when I went to pick it up it was about 10:45p (an hour & 15 mins before they closed), when I arrived to pick up my order the staff seemed annoyed and overall mad that I ordered so late. The girl behind the counter didn't greet me and didn't seem to care that I was there to pick up my order. The best part about what I ordered was the salad because it's just tomatoes and mozzarella, so not much can go wrong there. The pizza however was bland, the veggies were wilted and didn't taste fresh, and they must have used regular tomato sauce and not BBQ because it didn't taste like there was any BBQ flavor at all. I would have been better off ordering Domino's, and I regret that I didn't. Needless to say I will not be ordering from here again.Hands down some of the most authentic NY style pizza I've had anywhere outside of NYC. The crust is thin and crispy, the sauce is flavorful but doesn't overwhelm the delightful mixture of toppings available.  The indoor seating area can feel a bit cramped but the outdoor dining is very inviting and would have been our choice in warmer weather.
My wife and I ordered the large T. Bird and it could have fed four easily.  Very excited to go back and try their other options.Vegan pizza loaded with toppings, served up until Midnight? Am I dreaming?
Mid City Pizza has been recommended to me countless times, however for some reason I'm rarely in this part of town. The other night after Chewbacchus, we knew we needed to get out of the Marigny if we had any hopes of eating immediately. We were on our way Uptown when I suggested Mid City would be the least crowded part of the city during Carnival season on any given night that wasn't Endymion. MCP to the rescue. 
I have fond memories of the former tenant in this space, Crescent Pie & Sausage- what a warm, welcoming place, with plenty of seating (especially in warmer weather when the side patio is open). I was super excited to see that Mid City Pizza was in this very location. 
Here's the deal: order food and up at the counter, leave that tab open if you're making a night of it, take a number and they'll bring you your food. I'll be honest and say that I'm not really a fan of half service, but everyone working here is super welcoming and attentive. Nice selection of drinks, too. Those frozen drinks will be calling my name once the temps go back up any day now. 
I ordered a small herbivore with vegan cheese (I believe it's Daiya). When it arrived at the table, I couldn't believe it! A small is huge, and I cannot think of another pizzeria in town that is as generous with toppings. You have to understand. As a vegan, I typically order pizza without cheese and then go to town on toppings. They (ie other pizza shops) never ever let you substitute toppings for cheese so you're always charged a small fortune for your pizza because you pay for every single topping. That's what I used to and I just accept it.
Not at Mid City Pizza. This thing arrived loaded! The Herbivore has 7 veggie toppings -of your choice, so yay, no onions and green peppers unless you want 'em- and they do not skimp on anything. The sauce is excellent, spicy and plentiful. I think for the first five minutes, I kept exclaiming, "I'm so happy right now." And my boyfriend agreed (he order a large Meat Monster which lasted him 2.5 meals).
A lot people write that the crust is New York style. Nope. Yes, it's a thin crust, but think more of a crispy cracker crust. Take it from someone who grew up there and ate pizza about three times a week. No matter, though, it's all good. No, it's great.
Thank you for existing Mid City Pizza. My go-to for pizza henceforth.Really loved the place! Casual with an open feeling. Loved seeing the neighborhood  visitors coming in and visiting, it made me want to move  into the neighborhood!
Cashier could have been more helpful. Though, love the team approach  the staff shows. Food was great and fresh!!! Way better in taste and price than most midcity places.
So, today was a new experience at midcity and both cashiers were delightful! Love their sauce...I bet with that sauce and cheese blend you'd make a killer eggplant parmessean!Pizza was sooner on NY style thin crust.   Delicious and would recommend to anyone looking for hat type of pizza.Wow what a find!
I recently moved to MidCity and my Darling and I had that pizzay desire that overcomes and overwhelms any person late at night. We were so lucky to find this neighborhood establishment. 
While the inside was warm and friendly our reception was lukewarm. This may be due to the hour or the fact that we were strangers in a new land.
I am willing to overlook and even make excuses for this due to how good the pizza was! I ordered the T bird special which was one of a kind. I had never tried a pizza featuring asparagus, and I honestly was about to dismiss the idea as an attempt to stand apart from other places-but was amazed at the depth of flavor and great texture it brought to the party. My Darling dined on the Margarita which was top shelf to say the least. The basil and cheese rang true and it was just a great pie. 
The dinning experience was one I know I will repeat and I am so proud to be part of this community that can boost such a thoughtful and tasty establishment.  
Pizza Post Script-
For the promotion of variety's sake we both ordered 10in pizzas and found them more than adequate for a personal pizza, even had left over a breakfast slice or two.Went here for a late night meal. I thought the pizza was just okay, not something I would want to go back to. But my husband really enjoyed it. It's nice that it's open so late.Love Mid City Pizza! Whether I'm ordering just for myself or for a big group I know it'll be a quick delivery or an easy pick up. My number one pizza place in the city is Pizza D, but this is an amazing second place.This may be the best pizza in New Orleans. I have not had every pizza in the city, but I have had a few and Mid City does things the right way. 
I've come to know NYC style pizza as the real true American pizza, and that's what Mid City serves up. A light thin crust that is still dense enough to fold. I suggest getting a premium topping like buffalo mozzarella cheese for a true Naples style slice. 
There are a handful of decent beers on draft here as well. There's an indie-punk feel about the pizza, but not too punk (dirty). Girl behind the bar told me she was a Lucero fan after seeing my hat. That's rad.Oh my lord these dudes are unreal, best guys ever. And the pizza could not be better. Delicious!If I were on death row and had to choose my last meal, it would likely be a large Margherita pizza from midcity. BEST IN TOWN BY FAR. I hate how much I love it. And I think it's a requirement that all employees are genuinely cool/ friendly people. Thank you gods of midcity pizza!Good pizza....custom made on my favorite thin crust!!! Poplar place on a Saturday night!!Love their food, Fresh quality ingredients! Try the Chicken Parmesan sandwich! Also the mozzarella sticks are huge, delicious, Fresh, and never frozen! Pizza is always on point!So when they say large, believe them the large is LARGE. I was starving middle of the day and cranky and nothing sounded tasty. And then I decided I needed pizza. AND I saw shrimp remoulade pizza on their menu.
Delicious. The shrimp are great and the remoulade made a nice addition. My Caesar salad was fine but nothing great. Wish they would have had fresh brewed tea, rather than just bottles...but they have a yummy drink menu. And if I hadn't been heading back to work, I would have tried one of their frozen daiquiris. 
Decor is slightly funkier than the last pizza spot in this location. Staff was pleasant and I wish I would have had time to eat out on their deck.Our absolute favorite pizza place in the city. Great pizza, with many vegan options (including Daiya cheese and - yes - vegan marinara sauce). The dining/bar area is small, but there's also outdoor seating on the deck. The staff at Mid City Pizza are all really great and care about their customers. Family friendly too!  Good pizza is hard to find in New Orleans, but Mid City Pizza is flat out awesome!This was some really good pizza. It is the next best thing to New York style pizza. The crust is charred and thin and the toppings are fresh and delicious. We had a large half pepperoni and barbecue chicken pizza. Sad to say that me, my husband and our teenage son ate the entire pizza in less than 15 minutes. Lol. We were either really hungry or it was delicious.  Actually, it was both!
As we sat devouring our pizza, we looked over the menu for our next order. I know we will definitely try the firebird on our next visit.  It has hot sausage, so I am sold. It is also good to know that they won an award for best vegan pizza. 
The space is cool. There is a bar and some seating inside as well as outdoor space. My husband had a draft beer but there are many options to choose from such as cocktails and wine, to mixed drinks. This is a cool space to hang out with the family or the friends afterwork for happy hour.I love mid city pizza. The vibe is cool, the prices are cool, the outside seating is cool. This place, it's is cool. It's kind of annoying that they don't have a medium but at the same time it's not a big deal because I love having leftovers from the large. The meat monster can sometimes be a liiiiitle salty, but again, no big deal. The goods outweigh the bads for shizzle.Delicious thin, crunchy crust with fresh local toppings & great customer service! Couldn't be happier to have them in the neighborhood for delivery or for dining in w friends! Great atmosphere & local beer selection! Thanks, Mid City Pizza!The pizzas at Mid City pizza are delicious, large and prepared by very nice folks. Best pizza that I have had in New Orleans, hands down. The toppings are of high quality and very fresh.When it's made right it's excellent but definitely not consistent. The owner reviews his own food  i came across it twice even on their fb page makes me think most of their yelp reviews are friends.Probably my favorite slice in the city.
Their chicken parm is so good. Crispy breaded chicken, fresh basil, toasted bread, slightly spicy marinara sauce.
Very affordable chicken parm too for $7.50Really great pizza place! We customized ours and chose the build your own 5 topping pizza option. Very close to NYC pizza and with slightly thin crust. Really delicious and fairly priced. We got roasted red peppers, pepperoni, green peppers, mushrooms, and spinach on ours! If you go for happy hour it is half priced pitchers of beer and half priced glasses of wine!Delicious pizza and great happy hour deal. Probably. The top 3 pizza places I've ever had and I lived in NY for years.Yummy roasted garlic on a pie is marvelous. Try it! Great waitstaff and drink options including a hearty bloody mary that could easily be mistaken as soup. The crust ain't NYC (too much flour and tastes a bit like crackers!) but its a decent for Louisiana pizza. The fresh ingredients and chill vibe here make it a 5-star spot.Tried a calzone here for the first time. The price was 6.99 and 1.99 for additional toppings. I decided on the pepperoni & bacon, light on the ricotta. Overall, it was decent. The bacon wasn't crispy. I don't know if was on purpose. It seemed like they turned it a few times and added it into the calzone. The pepperoni were delicious. The calzones are huge though. Enough to share with 2-3 people. I would go back but I wouldn't order bacon again. The place was packed and the employees work hard to man the place.I was in New Orleans, took my nieces and nephew on their Christmas Trip.  We had Mid City our last night, delivery.  Pizza, cheese bread, and wings.  All of it was good, the wings were a big hit, and the cheese bread was tasty.  It worked as leftovers the next day on our trip back to Missouri too, still good!!My favorite pizza place in NOLA! I love their Hawaiian Pie! The Shrimp Remoulade is also very tasty. It's a bit of a funky place. The employees have all been very nice and helpful.  They have a good sized drink menu also.Spoke to manager, they only have one driver and cannot risk losing other mid city business to deliver 3.7mi to us at the Brent House Hotel. Uptown is out of range too. SmhThis place used t be great but the last few times it's been a lot less of a quality pizza. Today we ordered just a pepperoni and pineapple pizza and wings and spent almost 40 dollars for a pizza with barely any sauce and hardly any toppings. It was terrible. Lukewarm as well. Spend your money at the other local pizza joint G's.Mid-City Pizza is always pizza is always delicious, but my past couple orders have been absolutely AMAZING. perfectly formed crust, uniform distribution of toppings, delicious sauce. The delivery guys are very timely and courteous.Visiting New Orleans and too tired to dine in.  We ordered Mid City Pizza via Grub Hub through Yelp.    Order arrived in 30 minutes start to finish.  Pizza was hot and had a great taste.   Highly recommend if your in the mood for some good pizza.Best Pizza I have ever eaten!! And for sure the best pizza in NOLA. Must stop by this chill joint for some fine pizza and great scenery. The staff is awesome, who wait on you hand and foot. Very relaxing setting! 1st time visitor today! Loved it!Had good reviews and was disappointed. Ordered a calzone for pick up. Brought it home and opened the box and it was burnt. Tasted like burnt as well.The pizza crust was burnt. I had them add asparagus and it is shaved so thin that it resembles blades of grass and not asparagus. I'd come back for the cheese bread. It was delicious! They said this wasn't burnt. I disagree.HUGE pizza, fresh ingredients, but not a lot of flavor. I would prefer Theo's or Italian Pie.Decent pizza place with indoor and outdoor seating. Food is a affordable price. On the weekends they off 1$ mimosas, so if you want somewhere to go and spend the day eating and drinking cheaply this is the place!This place is perfect. I wouldn't change a single thing about Mid City Pizza!!! Vibe is chill and relaxed but not dicey. Very fun. Big enough for a group sometimes and great patio seating. Obsessed. We always get their margerita pizza and it's sooo good. Thin and just right chewy! Ingredients are fresh and so yum. I literally can't say how much I love this spot enough. Also, dollar mimosas on the weekends!!! What!!!! Service is always great and they're somehow always playing the best music. Y'ALL DONT SLEEP ON THIS PLACEDelicious pizza and wings. Wish they delivered in all of Mid-City. I missed the zone by a few blocks. Their delivery is super limited.I've eaten in and had delivery from here. Dining in we got a Hawaiian with pepperoni instead of spam and it was freakin great. Like, real real good. Any who, after that I got delivery and ordered some cheese sticks and a calzone. The cheese sticks were large and delicious, but cheese sticks so... Yeah. My calzone was the largest calzone I've ever seen. It took me 3 days to finish it. It was really delicious, a little skimpy on the cheese, so next time I will order one with extra, but otherwise I definitely recommend it.I wanted awesome customized Nola pizza pies, and man I'm so hapPy they had some awesome selection here! We drove to the one right off of Claiborne  and was greeted by the lovely mid city pizza staff. SO what did we order?! The shrimp remoulade pizza  like holy cannoli who does that ?!!  
The wait wasn't long at all, grabbed a couple of beers and hung out and within 20mins goDs  precious gift was handed to us!
The crust was yummy, crispy, flaky, everything you can imagine...  there are garlic pieces that just dissolve in your mouth and the shrimps cooked to perfection. There's also this sauce, creamy yummy, luscious and a layer of greens... boy those greens add to the layer of sophistication of the whole pizza. It just brings me joy to deScribe my experience with this food journey.  I definitely will be baCk and bring errrOne aS well.Spoke to manager, they only make Italian food and wouldn't risk losing mid city business by making us a wedding cake and delivering it to a different parish. Also wouldn't make us any Chinese food. Smh.Love this place. The service was always friendly and prompt. Pizza is delicious with an affordable price. My absolute favorite is the BBQ chicken and the meat monster pizza.We dropped into here to get away from the hustle and bustle of downtown NOLA and were not disappointed. The individual pizzas were rather large so we had plenty of leftovers. The wings were huge and perfectly crispy! I seriously could have just ate wings and would have been perfectly content. They have a selection of pizzas that are different than your basic ingredients which is quite refreshing. The Hawaiian adds more than just the basic Canadian bacon and pineapple. It also had red onion & bell peppers. I loved the Drizzle pizza but it would have been out of the park if it had more Siracha sauce and pineapple added. Beer and alcohol is served and water is self serve. I wanted coffee or tea but that doesn't seem to be too common in NOLA which is fine. I recommend trying these eccentric pizzas.Delicious pizza! Dough is thin but not too thin; crispy but still soft and the 18" pizzas are huge! The extra bit of seasoning on the crust does not go unnoticed! Sooo good, I squander every scrap of crust I can find. Some of the closest to NY style pizza that I've found around here in NOLA. Yummy big ole slices.
The margarita pizza left a little something to be desired. Definitely not enough basil, lacked red sauce and basically raw tomatoes on top? I got pepperoni added and it no where stood up to the amount of pepperoni they put on the pepperoni pizza by-the-slice during happy hour. After a second slice I got used to their idea of "margarita" pizza and was definitely a happy pizza filled customer by the end.
Don't miss their happy hour 11-6pm with $3-$4 slices + beer and cocktail specialsSoooooo good. I'll definitely visit this place again.  My first time, but definitely not my last time.I went here for lunch today and had a nice time! They sell slices of their pizza for lunch. You can choose either cheese, pepperoni, or the special of the day. The special of the day was a taco pizza which sounded pretty neat, but I stuck with the pepperoni. I also ordered a caesar salad to go with my slice. My friend ordered the exact same meal. The salads were way bigger than we expected! We probably could have shared one. I really enjoyed the slice of pizza which was huge and full of pepperonis. The people that were working were really nice, and the atmosphere is really chill. It was a great place for a quick lunch, and I imagine it would be a good place to kick back and enjoy a few drinks while eating some delicious pizza.While I am not going to adjust my opinion on the taste or quality of the pie, I am thrilled that the owner reached out to offer another meal on them.   It's nice that they are concerned, maybe I will be a convert for their other fooda...who knowsPlease update your hours across all apps that y'all deliver through etc. It's very frustrating to get try to get delivery etc and Waitr says 11:30 for delivery and open til 12. Yelp and Google say 11, and your website says 10:30. 
But love your pizza. It's the bomb.Being on the keto diet for so many months, I am very resilient to doing anything setting me back. This place..... WORTH IT! The crust was chewy amazing. The meat was homemade and plentiful. I actually walked on a broken foot for three blocks to get this-no regrets!  I'd do it again in a heartbeat!!!Loved the T -Bird.  Something really special about the sausage they use.  The chicken offers a great texture and enhanced flavor.  I could have used more asparagus though, I will say that, but overall delicious.  Staff was very helpful. They are doing great considering Covid has clearly changed things for them.How is a large 1/2 cheese and  1/2 veggie pizza $30?  And I live in mid city and they said they would've deliver to me. My girlfriend not knowing the egregious price picked it up and we were very disappointed all around. Pizza shouldn't be $30 pandemic or no pandemic.  At least put some organic fancy veggies and pretend it's not a rip off! (Sad face emoji)Met some friends here a couple days ago. Never heard of it. We sat outside on the patio which was nice. The drive to get there had us going through some pretty sketchy neighborhoods which I was not too fond of. We for the the Margherita pizza. It was okay. Not the best pizza I ever had. I did enjoy the $1 frozen mimosas can't beat a $1 mimosa. As far as a meal goes I don't think I'd return, but if I find myself in the area on $1 mimosa night I'd probably stop by.On a late night hunger run and was in the mood for pizza. Googled pizza near me and mid city was closest to us so their we went. Nice little place with nice people and service but it didnt make the pizza good. Had a decent crust but the pepperoni and other ingredients, which were skimpy, made it look and taste like a frozen pizza. BUT the waffle fries were the BOMB.. if you get the wings I suggest asking for the sauce on the side so you can taste it before ruining your wings.  The waffle fries saved this review from being a 2Will definitely be back!!! Omg. I am so happy. Moved from NY to New Orleans so finding good pizza (to my taste & NY pizza standards) is hard. Ordered online fairly easy and simple! Went into pick, parking was a bit hard to find but welcome to New Orleans! Lol... anyway got my food, the girl was real sweet and helpful! Got home and SERIOUSLY I mean everything was amazing. Wings, BEST mozzarella Styx and LOVE the pizza. I am so happy to find this place tonight, I will be back to try more for sure! Oh also!! Forgot I got the chicken parm, and that was delicious too! So far, try anything on the menu and workers are amazing! Thank yougreat location + good prices = Ill come back to try their pizza!
Came here for the first time yesterday and loved the location.  Indoor and outdoor seating.  A little confusing as you order at the bar.  Good Bloody Mary and their waffle fries were amazing!  I wasn't overly impressed with their cheese pizza or their caprese salad but Ill come back to try another pizza.  Overall i liked it a lot and can't wait to eat one of their margarita pizzas outdoors!Sometimes you just have to write about great service.  We stopped in on Lundi Gras for pizza during happy hour.  Ordered the drizzle pizza (red onion, mozz, feta, spinach, bbq, sriracha) and asked to add bacon.  We paid and sat down with our half price wine and beer.  My table mate marveled at the decor, particularly the TMNT-style doormat.  When the pizza came, it looked absolutely spectacular but alas, no bacon.  I tend to not be the person to be fussy but I did pay extra, and the real truth was WE WANTED THAT BACON.  
I asked the server about it and she offered to remake the pie (goodness, no!  How silly), bring it back and put it back in the oven with bacon on it (I guess, but this pizza looks too good to take away!), or just bring us some bacon to put on top ourselves.  The last option seemed like the logical choice.  We dug into the first baconless slices and they were fantastic... the crust was thin and crisp, it was gooey and spicy and the onions and spinach were plentiful.  We knew the bacon would only make it better.  Little did we know that they would return with a BASKET of bacon.  Like, an full basket.  Holy moly.  
Both of us were in shock, but also you could see the excitement in our eyes as we picked up a crispy piece to sample alone.  We had another slice with our bacon and it was phenomenal.  Our waitress was so sweet and even brought us each a free refill of our bar drinks.  
Mistakes happen all the time, and this one wasn't a huge deal, but the MCP staff went above and beyond.  I will continue to patronize this place as long as I can.  Love ya MCP!
Tl;dr: A famous chef said you come to a restaurant for the food, and you keep coming back for the service.  MCP brings 'em in and brings 'em back!Mid-City Pizza is pretty standard NY-style pie. Huge slices done right. Lots of options whether you're looking for classic or adventurous. Firebird is great if you like a pizza with slice. Pizzas are massive so plan to share. Slice specials from 11am-4pm are clutch.We typically start out with the (massive) mozzarella sticks because those always put us in a wonderful, and nearly completely full, mood. We'll usually share a pie and - outside of the very unfortunate (and bland) Red Beans and Rice Pizza - we're always very pleased. Favs include Meatball and good ol' Pepperoni. I do wish more slices were available though, as well as at better times.Great food, decent staff. The Capresi salad is unlike anything I have ever had from a restaurant. How on earth are their salads so fresh?
Their sandwiches have kept me going through many long nights. They too are unlike anything I've ever had from a restaurant.
 It's not easy for a small business to consistently have staff who are just excited as the dickens that you're in there ordering from them, so if they were ever curt, I forgive them.I live a couple blocks from Mid-City Pizza now but years before that I was ordering from here regularly. Service can be spotty. Ive called, been put on hold, and then got hung up on for no reason, more than once, but comparatively, that can be forgiven. I generally dont like to dine in cause its loud as shit in there but the pizza is good!
Its hard to picture Mid-City life without Mid-City Pizza but know that means it sits inside of the neighborhood so be mindful of the neighbors  and driveways when you are parking. Those who have lived here their whole lives have gotten their side view mirrors clipped off by random tourist trying to get MCP so often that its become a right of passage.I'm really glad this pizza joint has been able to grow into its own space across the street from Banks St. Bar where I first enjoyed it during Spaghetti Western night.  My first visit to the new location was on a slow Sunday night. We ordered a Caesar and a Margherita, and sat outside with friends when the weather was still pleasant. The Caesar came out immediately, and was a really great serving size for the $6.50 price tag. Definitely shareable for up to three people IMO, but I pretty much ate it all by myself...I also enjoyed a bit of my friend's caprese salad ($6.99) that was also a nice shareable size for the four of us at the table. 
By no means am I a pizza aficionado, but as you can tell from the pictures their pizza is New York-style. The toppings were evenly distributed with a good bit of shredded fresh basil, tomatoes and nicely melted chunks of buffalo mozzarella. The toppings held fast to the thin dough underneath, and the crust, while thin, is pleasantly crispy and will disappear from your plate as you finish what you started with each slice. A friend said they brush it with 7up or Sprite? Wives Tale? You tell me. 
I've noticed on social media, they have a pretty serious slice of the day game between Monday and Friday, so I'm thinking I need to get on that!I enjoyed this pizza. I'm comparing it to other pizza places I've been to in the south though, not NY because I don't think that's fair. With that said, I don't know if I like Mid City Pizza better than Pizza Delicious-I honestly would have to try them side by side to compare. 
It's similar to NY style pizza but a little crispier. I happen to like crispier pizza, so I enjoyed this. It's still pliable enough to fold though, if you're into that sort of thing. I think my favorite part of this pizza was actually the crust as it had great texture and flavor. The sauce was good too.
We ordered a large pie-half garlic and half bacon. This is where I laughed out loud-we opened the box and there were large cloves of garlic all over the half of the pizza. I guess it is different down here, because when you order a garlic pizza in NY, they put chopped garlic underneath the cheese. So, we removed the garlic cloves because I don't know anyone in their right mind that would enjoy eating large cloves of garlic on top of their pizza.
Not blaming Mid City for that since like I said, maybe garlic pizza is just a New York thing. Regardless, solid pizza in New Orleans!Mid city pizza on Banks is our go to Friday night pizza joint. You can find classic options and creative options.  We almost always get the half meat monster and half margherita to share between me and my husband. It's the best pizza in New Orleans. Also, the wings are not to be missed.
Unfortunately, yesterday, a part of the meat monster half had NO TOPPINGS (foto included for your consideration). Somehow they failed to cover a section of the pizza.  There were not enough toppings elsewhere to redistribute either. That was disappointing and I think largely a result of the restaurant's growing popularity. The wait has generally grown longer in the past year. I'm happy for their success and will continue to stick with them.  But I hope they figure out how to ramp up for rush hour or else they'll lose some of their customer base.This is my first time here & it was really very good. It's not really full service dining. You order your pizza, salad & drinks at the bar. There is a waitress that serves you, but we were told (after she asked if everything was ok) that if we wanted refills on our drinks, we had to go to the bar. I thought that was odd. She did come back a minute later & offered to refill our drink anyway.
We had a Caesar salad & a pepperoni pizza with jalapeos. I was delicious! It was think crust which I thoroughly enjoy. I definitely will make it back here.
We dined outside at night, which was nice since the wind was blowing lightly. It made for good ambiance with my glass of Pinot Noir.Very pleasant local pizza place serving ONLY whole pizza - traditional style - tasty. Kinda costly. Nice atmosphere. Parking can be tough. Can't go wrong if regular type, single person size pizza is what you are seekingI have ordered several times from the mid city location since I live near the restaurant. The pizza is always hot and delicious.  Not on my last occasion, by the time I received my order the pizza and the mozzarella sticks were room temperature. Nothing worse than that! 
The delivery was directly thru the restaurant. When the delivery person came to my door, I looked down while he pulled my order out of the thermal bag. I had never seen anything quite so nasty, it was filthy and I'm sure filled with bacteria since the thing appeared to never have been washed. Come on now, I'm sure the restaurant can afford to buy new thermal bags.The pizza was great, the price was good, the location was less so. 
The BBQ Chicken was great, so was the Supreme and the Hawaiian. 
It's an ideal place for going with friends for lunch, but I'd go somewhere else during a different time of the day or if I had different people (like family or kids) with me.Midcity Pizza is my neighborhood go-to pizza spot in New Orleans! The pizza has a nice, thin crust and delicious sauce. They also have a nice array of toppings to choose from. Also, they deliver, if you aren't feeling up to venturing outdoors. It's a great spot to enjoy pizza in Midcity!WOW. Amazing pizza and amazing service. Beyond our expectations and they make VEGAN pizza!!!Great pizza. Really, but the unfriendly treatment I received from the staff really soured everything.You'd think after being locked down for the pandemic that people would have a bit more gratitude towards their paying patrons.  Not the angry little ginger boy working the counter taking orders.  He basically insulted my friend and I that we had "too many plates of food" on our table (even though he never cleared any for us) and then when he walked by us (we were sitting outside) we kindly asked him for a to-go box and he spewed, "if you want a box you can go in and get it yourself."  Talk about wanting to go back and demand a refund of the tip rendered at purchase... what a douche.  Mediocre pizza at best too.  Sad-this city used to pride itself on service.Awesome pizza, one of the top spots for pizza in Nola. Would definitely recommend. Nice and thin & crispyGood pizza!  We got a large pizza to go from here with our own toppings of jalapenos, green peppers, and roasted garlic.  It was really easy to order it online and then have it delivered.  Quality of the pizza was great, no complaints here!  I wouldn't mind getting pizza here again at all.Best pizza hands-down. This place was so good I was thinking of booking another trip. Definitely five stars. A must have when you're craving a good pizza. The appetizer was delicious as well. Yummy ! yummy.Mid City Pizza
Your pizza so delicious
But service so slow.
There, I have said it all in a Haiku.
The pizza here is y far one of the best in the city.
Crust so thin you can almost see your plate through it.
Toppings so beautifully placed, you almost don't want to eat it for fear of disrupting them.
But, the service here is slow, soooo slow.
But if that is the only beef with this NOLA pizza joint, then so be it.
If you have time to spare, and are looking for pizza so delish.. Come here.
That is it..
See you around..
You friendly neighborhood Yelper Jim..We had an awesome experience at Mid City Pizza! Full disclosure, I had a gift certificate that I won at a fund-raiser last summer. We were able to sample things from all over the menu, from cocktails and wings to a caprese salad and a large pizza that we are still working on after 2 meals, the large pizza is LARGE 8 BIG slices.
The pizza was great! Thin crust, just the right amount of sauce and cheese. I felt like they could have put a little bit more toppings, we got the pick-5 and there were a few blanks spots, but overall it was some of the best pizza I have had in a while. We drank Mid-City Mules (bourbon and ginger with lime), so good! The caprese salad was yummy and fresh and the wings were super saucy and crispy. The folks behind the counter were great. We had a very nice experience and would be happy to return, especially for Happy Hour!!!I ran into an obnoxious MidCity staffer. Last Sunday,  March 10th, at about noon, one of MidCity Pizza staffers, proudly wearing a MidCity Pizza T-shirt, parked in the Banks Street bike lane so he could pick up 2 half gallons of something. Unusual for that time of day, there were a whole lot of vacant spaces directly adjacent to the curb - where folks are supposed to park - and he could have easily just parked like a normal person. This guy (early 20's white male) chose to block the bike lane instead, leaving vacant spaces where he should have parked. When I approached him to politely explain that a cyclist had recently been killed by a garbage truck when he swerved into the street due to an obstruction in the bike lane, he simply kept walking and got into his car, ignoring me and then he gave me the finger - nice fellow - as he drove away. He parked a late model dark green Toyota Avalon LA tag number 643BVK. I wonder if MidCity Pizza, a company that has always shown great respect for the MidCity neighborhood, has any idea that their company is being represented by this kind of obnoxious, irresponsible nasty employee?Ummmm mm yeah. Pretty good pizza.  Well the pepperoni.  I noticed the different types of pizzas but they were no slices it was for 10 in or 18 inches.  The happy hour has the slices and it was 350 for a slice of pepperoni. It was delicious.  I love slices of pizzas and there was no variety by the slice.  The menu looks really good. But I was a but sad. Like I could not even add a topping to my pepperoni slice. But that's ok. I had all the pepperoni that any pepperoni person could ask for. Happy hour was ehh! I did get slice and it was really good!  I gotta come back when I have a squad of folks to tackle the 18inch pizzaI knew it! Mid City Pizza cares. The prompt response, acknowledgment and apology from the restaurant confirms that this establishment is a part of our community and cares. thanks Mid City Pizza.I've read that some people this is their favorite pizza in New Orleans.  They must have never eaten elsewhere.  
The pizza sucks.  overpriced.  flavorless.  underwhelming. uhg.  
it is hard to find bad food in Nola, but here some is.   I literally can't comprehend how this place can be in business. I guess if delivery options are slim...  I dunno.  I can't imagine the people who make this pizza have tried a slice from anywhere else...had they, they would improve their pizza.   the crust isn't crusty.  the tomato sauce is empty on flavor.  the cheese is bland and the dough, while undercooked, might as well have been soggy cardboard.I have been here on several occasions now, and it's been an enjoyable experience everything time. They do not have a dedicated parking lot, it is street parking, and there are several other restaurants and bars nearby, as well as the fact that it's in a residential neighborhood, so parking can be an issue. The next issue is the entrance. There are about a dozen steps up into the restaurant and I saw no ramp for those who might be wheelchair bound. The front door opens out also, which may be another deterrent.
There is some outdoor seating, which would be nice on days when the weather cooperates.
The interior is super cute and clean. You get a menu, get a table if your dining in, and order at the counter. I came this last December with my parents and sister, and my mother, who is picky, loved the pizza. I have tried the BBQ chicken, vegetarian, meat lovers. All have been good and the beers were  ice cold. The crust is thick, not greasy or limp. The small pizza is not exactly small, and when my parents, sister and I, we just got through one small pizza essentially and took the rest home, which was nice.
There are 3 unisex restrooms, which is cool. The last time I went, all were occupied by employees, which was a bit odd, but maybe they all had to go at the same time. I think its great pizza, great service. The only down part is the parking and the entry, in my opinion.Vagans!!!! Omg gigantic pizza 7 veggies vegan cheese! 20 bucks!! Pizza for breakfast even when there's 4 vegans (ha like that happens but it does!) Plenty of yummy non vegan pizzas of course.  Beers are amazing.  Wine is limited but very good selection! Inside air conditioning seating and outside perfect seating for those of us who aren't into the cold! When in New Orleans a must visit!!!!