I dream of the Kingpin pizza day & night. I actually called my order in 10 min before arriving (thinking I had the best idea ever) and they were totally cool with it...even had our booth ready for us! Friendly & cool staff. I wonder why I don't see this place more crowded. Kingpin. Do it.If you like Deep dish pizza and have never had the good stuff in Chicago, this place will do it for you. The crust is a little too pie crust-like but none-the-less, it is serviceable. 
The space is nice. But the odd thing was that when we walked in, the Girly and I both noted something was missing. It didn't smell like pizza. Weird for a pizza place.
She ordered the half Smokey Treat and Half Money Pie. Since I don't like red sauce, I drank tea and watched her eat.
She ordered the large, thinking she could eat some for lunch the next day. It's now 3 days later and there are still 2 pieces in the freezer. A small can easily fill 2 people with some left over. Lesson learned.
She liked the toppings and said it was probably the best toppings even if it wasn't the best crust. Believe it or not, a place called Marco's on the Wank has the best crust.
Anyway...She really loved the freshness of the toppings and their heavy use of herbs.
For me, I wish they had wings or garlic knots...something for the non red-sauce people like myself. 
As for the service etc...Our waitress was sweet and service was generally good except for one pet peeve. While our actual waitress was polite and asked if we needed refills etc, there was one kid who just walked up, reached across the table and tried to take my glass without asking me...while we were talking to each other. That's just not good manners. Always ask and please don't just barge into the middle of a conversation.
The pizza and drinks came to about $28 bucks. Not bad at all when you think that we could have both eaten our fill and had take-home.
All in all, I think it's worth stopping in again just to satisfy the Girly's pizza craving but I do wish there were more options there for me.Been meaning to write this update for some time.
My sister and I dropped in to get some dinner one night and at first we were getting absolutely no attention from any of the staff. I remember I was having an absolutely terrible day, so I really didn't need anything else to go wrong. We sat at the bar waiting for someone to come by for a while, and finally someone noticed us. I wasn't sure if he was a manager or the owner, but he noticed that we weren't being served.
First, I asked if we could be seated at a table. He happily moved us. We got situated, just got some regular ol' tap water to drink, and ordered one small pizza and a house salad (which I love, by the way--I love their house made croutons). I know that my sister and I are not restaurants' favorite customers. We never order drinks and we really don't get all that much food. But this guy still went and comped our salad because we weren't being attended to when we first came in.
Of course he got the comped amount right back in tips because we were happy customers by the end of the night.
I love their food and I love their service (except for whatever was happening at the beginning of this night). I'm happy to live four blocks away and I'll be sad when I move.Just visiting Chicago recently, my boyfriend and I were excited to have Chicago style deep dish pizza here in NO. We had high expectations. The pizza was good not great. The crust was a little doughy and bland. It was not nearly as crisp and tasty as Lou Malnati's in Chicago. I would go back here for the great atmosphere and good prices. I will have to try it again to get another assessment. It's still another great addition to Freret!I don't typically go for deep dish pizza. When I do, the crust has to be  fragrant and greasy and full of flavor. I didn't really experience that here. The bread was very doughy but not very flavorful. the cheese was melted but not MELTED, if you know what i mean...Not exactly what I would expect from a southern take on deep dish but boy, it hits the spot. What I took away most was the salad portion size and their flexibility! They were so accommodating with vegetarian toppings and letting us make two pizzas into one (half and half to get a little of both worlds). Definitely a win.Ok, I've never really been a fan of deep dish pizza, ever.  Too much bread!  One fine afternoon, a friend and I decided to stop in and try it out.  Mind you, I knew they served pizza, but I did not know it was deep dish.  After enjoying a nice conversation, our food arrived.  Deep dish?  Ok, ok, I'll try it.   
Folks, this has to be some of the best deep dish pizza I've had since I was 13 years old!  No lie.  It's all I can talk about.  I've never been to Chicago and my gawd, now I need to go!  If Midway blew my mind, then certainly The Windy City can top that.  It has changed my opinion on the deep dish entirely and I now have a new-found appreciation for it.  Just thinking about it makes me want to put it on my calendar this week for a meal.
The service is always great too...no complaints there.  
They have a pizza buffet during the week, I believe.  I have not tried that yet and I'm not too sure if it's a good idea.  Don't get me wrong, I'm sure it's fantastic, but I have no doubt that I'll stuff myself to death. 
I ordered The Natty "E" on my most recent visit.  I was a little apprehensive about the green goddess sauce, but trust me......it was absolutely delicious!  I am still going down the menu.  The Natty and the Smokey Treat are two of my favorites......so far.  I don't eat red meat, but they have a great selection of alternatives to choose from.  You can always create your own too.Came here later on a Sunday night with 2 friends while in town on a long weekend to visit NOLA. This place was recommended to us and it did not disappoint. 
Only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is because we showed up at 10:45 PM and were informed that we had to order quickly because they closed at 11. However, both Yelp and their own menu stated that they were open until midnight. We felt rushed and like jerks for showing up so late - and apparently right before "close." Not sure what their hours really are then ... ?
All that aside - the pizza was phenomenal. I ordered the Money Pie, my friend the Uptown Meatdown, and my other friend a custom pepperoni and olive pizza. The crust is the perfect balance of crunch and dough. The ingredients were SO fresh. Keep up the good work - NOLA style deep dish :)4.5/5
Great pizza at a reasonable price in a comfortable atmosphere.
My girlfriend and I went here on a Monday night. It wasn't too busy, but all of the staff were very attentive and friendly. 
We had a hard time deciding how to order since we were hungry (two smalls or one large), but we decided to split a large which definitely was the right call. 
Our server recommended we get a salad due to the cook times of the pan pizza (20-25 min), so we ordered a caprese salad.
Caprese salad: probably the best I've had. The balsamic was not overbearing, and the mozzerella actually had a flavor. The tomatoes were heirlooms and packed a lot of flavor themselves. A great salad to split with a friend while waiting on the pie.
The pizza (the Kingpin-meatball, garlic and onions) came out in a pan and we were served our first slice by our server. DELICIOUS. This place has quality ingredients, but the pizza itself is not super exotic or fru-fru. The crust is pillowy soft with a great flavor, I mostly ate it with a fork. 
Despite our appetites, we could only finish half of the pizza and took the rest home. 
The price was reasonable for what we got. Our check was about $33 for two soft drinks, a featured pizza and the caprese salad. A whole pizza at other comparable places will run $18-22, so I found the price more than fair, but it's not dirt cheap. 
We didn't get drinks, but the bar area looked relaxed and comfortable with two big screen tvs and a decent beer selection on tap. The decor and ambience of the place was very clean with a coordinated feel, without being pretentious at all--very comfortable. 
What I really want to try is their all-you-can-eat pizza buffet for 8.95. It is advertised as seven days a week during lunch hours and includes a caesar salad. They are basically giving away some of the best pizza in the city for free! 
NOTE: A word on 'Chicago style' pizza. Midway pizza is pan pizza. I might call it deep-dish as well. The outside of the crust is slightly crispy from the butter/oil used to coat the pan, while the rest is soft and doughy. 
Chicago style pizza, as I have had (but am no expert on) is in a much deeper dish that takes 45 minutes to cook. Cheese is baked directly on top of the crust, and sauce baked on top of the cheese. The crust is similar to Midway's, but it really is a different beast.Dinner experience: Staff was friendly. I had the Zeus' salad, which was phenomenal and at a great price. Pizza had great, robust crust.
Only downside is sometimes it took some time to be seated.
Wednesday buffet experience: quality was pretty poor. Small selection of pizza and getting there at 1 was a mistake - as the pizza had been chilling under the heat lamps for awhile, and the salad was wilted and soggy.Hmm...Deep dish in New Orleans, what? 
So we had a large group in here the other night to eat and frankly I was pleasantly suprised by the quality of the food here and the beer selection.  Plus parking was def not an issue near the restaurant on Freret street (which makes me happy).  The design inside is simple and feels like a loft or warehouse space with part of the kitchen exposed at one end of the large room. There is a long bar and a bunch of tables when you enter the restaurant.  
We ordered a bunch of different types of pies and salads, and everyone was pleased with their meal. I'd even recommend the house salad at a pizza place (madness, I tell you, madness). 
Some flat screen tvs over the bar were showing the basketball game so its also a decent place to come, grab a beer and a slice and watch sports.To the point. It has been delicious every time we go, and I am officially a fan. Pizza is a strange animal for me, it brings out a ravenous desire to overeat, while at the same time feelings of anger towards the people who get into the ridiculous chicago vs. New York pizza war. first off, you don't live there, second off, if you used to live there...YOU DON'T LIVE THERE!  Just enjoy it. For (anthropomorphic deity of your choice) sake, it's melted cheese on bread, Mother nature gave us a biological inclination towards it. i hate sitting down to pizza and hearing some @$$hat next to me, "it's good, but not like place X in town Z. I want to scream "why don't you move there and marry that pizza! Stop interfering with my good meal by going on and on about how much better something else is. I bet you'd hate that if your wife spoke like that while..."  (think I may have just pushed the limits of Yelp. anyway. back to the matter at hand, Midway GOOD, Pizza GOOD, Garlic purée on the Margarita is mana.I was looking for places in New Orleans for deep dish pizza. This place had it! Hooray. It was great. Might want to try other places before buying this one again.Went to Midway today for their lunch buffet. Had a great experience! I had the YLC salad (mixed greens, goat cheese, oranges, roasted beets and pine nuts tossed in a citrus vinaigrette) and a couple of slices of their meat (first slice was pepperoni and ham- the ham was really great. Thick cubes, sweet and very meaty. The second slice had pepperoni, chicken and ham. Also tried a slice of their vegetarian. All of it very tasty.
The salad was exceptional. I loved the portion of the salad yet I wanted more. In fact, I even asked the waiter if the buffet included unlimited salad! All their salads on their menu sounded so yummy!
My salad ended up being an amazing combination of flavors and textures. I never would have thought of beets and pine nuts working together, but they definitely do. The salad also had plenty of dressing. Mmm.
My friend had their Zeus salad which was a spinach salad with cherry tomatoes, feta, crunchy prosciutto in a sun-dried tomato vinaigrette. It looked amazing and, like me, she ate every bite. 
The crust on the pizza was great. Crunchy, fresh and springy, a couple of slices is enough to really fill you up. It's so hearty! But definitely not Chicago style. I thought a much better version of Pizza Hut's pan pizza. 
Wish they had more sauce on their pizza. It was a little dry. But they loaded the pizzas up with toppings. There was something yummy in every bite! 
Will definitely go back again. Especially after reading the yelp reviews, I'll have to check out the Monday and Tuesday night half-off bar special.I've been here twice now and I'd have to say OK at best. 
The first time that I went I was joining for lunch and was too late for the lunch buffet special so I just ordered a chicken caesar salad and a beer. I sat up at the bar and although it didn't seem very busy the service was very slow. I thought the caesar was good and I like the garlic spread toast bites they put together in lieu of traditional crouton. I think it's way overpriced for what it is to get a salad and beer though as I think with tip I left with a $20-25 tab. 
I came back the second time to do the lunch special which is all you can eat pizza and a salad. I again sat at the bar and asked for a glass of whatever house grigio they had and they were out. So I switched up and got the Abita seasonal which was a blueberry wheat. She mentioned something possibly wrong with their taps earlier that day and poured the beer and said it should be fine. It was super flat to me and tasted odd but I thought I'd not rock the boat any more. There was a group of kids that had come in for what looked like a birthday party in the middle of the afternoon and although the rest of the place didn't seem too busy and the bar wasn't very packed there was only a couple people working so it took a long time to get the drink I did. So I am waiting for my salad and go up to the buffet to get pizza and there is nothing there and they say more will be out soon and to come later. So I went back and waited for my salad. Enjoyable caesar again. I awkwardly walked back for pizza the second time through a huge group of kids pressed up against the glass watching pizza be made and through the pile of parents standing around to the corner the pizza is put out and there was pepperoni and supreme available. I got a slice of both. They are very filling as it's the very thick crust and the toppings were good but not great. 
When I finally left I had been there an hour and change, had two slices of ok pizza, a good salad and flat beer for again between $20-25. I found out the flat beer I stuck with and drank half of was $6 and so it serves me right not just sending it back.  
Salad was the best part. Not worth returning for more than these two visits to me.It's not deep dish pizza!!! It's just a pizza with a thick crust. I really didn't like it at all. I think the pizza at Costco is better. There was just no flavor to it. It's like a piece of bread with cheese on it. We also ordered the pig in a blanket. It's a sausage wrapped in crust. Same thing. No flavor and very dry.
I probably won't be coming back.Good stuff!  It looks like some people here disagree about whether or not its "real" deep dish pizza.  Being a Cajun from down the bayou, I can't tell you what a "real" deep dish pizza is supposed to be like.  But I can tell you this... that's some good pizza they make there, no matter what kind you say it is.  The 14 inch can easily feed the entire table and the price is really good.  There's a bar if you want a drink, and the music is pretty good too.  I say give it a try!
MSG FREE:  When I told them about my MSG allergy, they said none of the food contains it.  Big points for that!  Thanks!My wife and I were suggested Midway Pizza by a friend who lives not far from the restaurant, and we were insanely pleased our experience. Very fair pricing. Delicious pizza. Great service. Great atmosphere. Over all an incredible experience!Amazing!! First time here and fresh dough, fresh sauce, fresh salads all with homemade top quality ingredients this will be on the list of fave lunch joints! Lunch buffet is only 9.95!I've eaten at this establishment several times and its got an interesting and fun interior design.  They have some interesting and decent pizza here but its nowhere near great and barely acceptable.  The crust is thick along the lines of a Pizza Hut pan pizza and I really prefer a thinner crispy crust.  They do have a buffet M-F but they have the WORST selection of any pizza buffet I've ever had with only pepperoni, veggie and cheese pizza as choices.  The beer here is also way overpriced so I can't suggest this as a fun boozing spot either.  I MIGHT return here just for one of their specialty pizzas but I won't be drinking booze or ever eating at their buffet again.Polenta cake is perfection. The pizza deep dish is perfectly seasoned and flavorful and all of the good things.The pizza!!! So many options of pizzas..
I am falling in love with Freret all over again. 
The allure of Cure. 
The sweet smell of the new bakery.
DAT DOG!!! Need I say more? 
Just finished workout, deadlines at work. Basically I needed a REFILL. Stopped in this joint and smelled in love. It reminded me of a sidewalk in Chicago...the arouma of Italy...
There's a nce happy hour ...bartender was very nice...can't wait to geaux back. You kneaux!Hubby and I have been a few times and everytime was terrific. The service is great the food is scrumptious. The thunderbird and the caprese salad are my favorites. Only suggestion I have is I would live some hot sausage to go with the awesome thick cut bacon!!We weren't impressed.  The Chicken BBQ pizza was not great.  The chicken had no seasoning on it, the BBQ sauce was mediocre, and there was sooo much breading.  We ate it, but we were both not impressed.  Service was good though.Just good pizza with well-made, in-house sauce and dough. Deep enough to satisfy your craving but not some freaky pizza themed casserole (yeah you Chicago, it's a casserole not a pizza.) Awesome local draft beer list. 21oz. Schooners!The pizza & wings were both delicious!!!  My hubby & I split a small pizza with Wings & we left with a to go back.   The manager came by to speak with us.  I mean this place just felt friendly.  I waitress was attentive to us, she gave us a lot of attention.  The manager on duty even sent us home with some DELICIOUS cookies.  Thank you guys we'll definitely be back.Midway is one of my favorite pizza places in New Orleans, particularly for their deep dish. I highly recommend the Thunderbird and the Money Pie. Not only does the pizza taste delicious (the ingredients are fresh and the flavor combinations are amazing) but the staff is always super friendly and accommodating. When I have a hankering for a perfect slice of deep dish, this is where I want to go.We don't have Cal'z Pizza in New Orleans and sometimes you want a PIZZA...not Domino's or, heaven forbid, Papa John's.  I had my first experience with Midway about 3 months ago.....and it's as close to a Cal'z pizza as I will get here.  Lots of cheese....tangy and sweet (but NOT spicy) sauce, tasty meat and soft dough cooked to perfection.  At fist, I thought they were a little pricey....but once I actually received the pizza and realized how much it weighed.....their prices are perfect.  The pizza was fantastic and the staff were very helpful.  I work on Freret so it's nice to have several different places that I can choose from for lunch on the days I don't brown bag it or on the evenings when I'm picking up something to bring home to the family for dinner.
I recommend the Uptown Meatdown.  And for me, it isn't about whether or not it's "deep dish" or "Chicago Style"....these Pizzas are "Freret Style".  Keep up the great work guys!As many of you know, it is hard to get 4 stars from me. It's even harder to get five stars for me because I have to go three times. It's just a the fact that most places disappoint you at least one out three times. I call it the donkey punch. You find a place you like, and it's good the first couple times. But then it's just terrible the third time.
So yes, I tend to take my reviews very serious, and be as truthful as I can.
 Yesterday, we went to Midway Pizza. I went the year they opened and I was told that they would start making chicken wings. We've been back a couple times over the years, And I still had nothing I wanted, because they never put in chicken wings. Yesterday, while I watching the Girly eat pizza while I had nothing to eat, I was probably very rudely saying that they have not done what they promised five years ago. I think one of the owners, a very good customer service type person, came over and asked me to talk. He was extremely polite, to the point of being really cool. He wrote me a ticket, that when they do their wings, I get two sets of wings free. He did not know I was one of the Yelp Elite, he was just trying to do good for someone.
It is so rare in the city anymore, to get really good customer service. I was having a bad day, and everything that I smelled made me sick. even the pesto which is one my favorite things in the world, which they give a wonderful amount of on the pizza, made me nauseous. No fault of their own, because the Girly loved it. So just reaching out like he did, gives this place four stars. And while I don't think I'll use his free gift ticket, I would still like to go back there and try their food, even though I do not like Pizza. 
I would recommend this place to anyone who likes Pizza. The people there are amazing, and my waitress looked like the Campbell's Soup girl, she was so adorable.
So while I did not eat there this time, I experienced some of the best customer service I've had in a very long time. 
You guys really did good by us.What a great surprise! 
We sat at bar and our server (the bartender!) was great: friendly, engaging.
He suggested the Money Pie, so we got a small (4 pieces) 1/2 Money pie, 1/2 margarita. Also got large Caesar salad.
The Caesar dressing was incredible.
The pizza had a great crisp deep dish crust. The meatballs were mouthwatering.
Just a great pizza! Definitely going backI have been eating at Midway for about six months almost every Sunday night, last week I had a meeting in Chicago and had to try (again) one of Malnatti deep dish just to compare the two while the tastes are fresh in my mind.  Malnatti's crust is a lot more of that buttery taste than does Midway.  But the natural crust flavor of Midway does not interfere with the high quality toppings they use.  Midway blows away the average run of the mill toppings that Malnatti or giordono's
Midway also has shuch a comfortable atmosphere.   After a long day it is so relaxing to have a local brew and spend the time hanging out waiting for that scrumptious pie.  NOLA doesn't realize how fortunate local deep dish lovers are.   
Thank YOU Midway for the times I spent with you and one of the finest Deep Dish Pies on this, or any other planet.  
I will miss my Sunday's away from NOLA thanks to you!I had a large thunderbird/all the meats. It was a delicious pan pizza. The topping were great and abundant. The only complaint is that the pizza crust is a bit too thick and doesn't have the crunch I come to expect from a pan pizza.Midway pizza is a great place. They have the best pizza and salads there food is always fresh and there service and quality standard is impressive and consistent this comes from a happy staff many have worked there for years.Ate there yesterday and i am a serious junkie for paper thin crust pizza. This was the absolute opposite, as advertised, and we thought it was super delicious. Dipping sauce for the really great thick crust would have been nice. Salad a+ with the deep fried polenta croutons. Reheating the pizza i simply could not finish now! YAY!   Nice atmosphere...love the way freret is coming up!In town for graduation and we got a hankering for pizza but didn't want to go out. Found this place on Yelp and the pics convinced us to order. Delivery was surprisingly fast for a deep dish and on a Friday. One of the best slices of pie I've had in a long time. Can't wait for the leftovers!Everything I've ever ordered is great. Their chicken wings are exceptional and the pizzas are amazing. You can even order pizza with two different kinds. Very reasonably priced and well worth it. The staff is nice and the view of Freret Street is cool. They also have a stocked bar with good drinks. It's my favorite pizza in all of NOLA.Before my recent move, it was safe to say that I would probably get a pizza from the Midway at least every 10 days or so.  As a native Chicagoan, moving to a city without a great pizza was a little tough at first.  My pizza place of choice bounced around pretty frequently, but once I had Midway, that stopped.  
The service at Midway during all my visits was always top notch.  If you sit at the bar upon your entry, I can all but guarantee you that within 15 seconds of you sitting down you will have been greeted by them and been asked if you'd like a menu or not.  Before 7 on weeknights they have $5 schooner beers, which are 22oz goblets full of the tastiest ales and lagers you can imagine.  They do a good job with their beers as well in regards to keeping things fresh and changing up the taps.  
Now on to the pizzas.  I'm a creature of habit, so I only got a few different pizzas here, but I can tell you that I was never disappointed in any of the ones that I ordered.  The Money Pie is fantastic, especially with the spinich cheese that they use on it.  In one bite of that pizza, you can get meatball, spinich, pepperoni, garlic, tomato, and basil.  It's a lot for your taste buds to process, but they'll be happy nonetheless.  
My advise though with the pizzas is to get them well done.  I like my pizzas a little more cooked than most, and if you're like me, their default way of making them just doesn't cook them enough.  But that's my only issue with their stuff.
Hope this review helps.  EnjoyI found the bartender--don't know his name--very personable and welcoming so I decided to try it.  Small buffet; a couple pizzas under a heat lamp. Usually one veggie and one meat. No specialty pizza...it's okay. Deep dish which I love but!, this crust was a little tough to chew through.  Maybe it was not piping hot and fresh when I took slices.   You get to choose from about 4 salads and all you can eat of the two regular pizzas.  I got the BYT.  Great, fresh looking ingredients of spring mix/spinach, goat cheese, pecans, mandarin oranges, roasted beets,
 In a citrus dressing.   And the dressing was Indeed  that, very citrusy!  I probably would order something different next time, but it was refreshing just a bit strong. The pizza was mediocre to good.  I had a pepperoni, then  a tomato and Parmesan cheese to begin. I asked them if they could make something different and they did!  Next round was sausage pizza and then onion/b pepper/sausage pizza.  Fresh and hot and great! The cooks behind the counter were more welcoming and forthcoming with info than my waitress (I've saw her once during my stay to drop off my drink). As my drink got lower, I set it off to the side and 5 minutes later my drink wasnt replenished.  The place is filling up but I should've gotten a refill by then. She walked by and I asked for a refill she quickly said 'yea' and went on to take another tables order.  Then she went to drop food to another table.  I later got one and went to nibbling on the rest of my pizza. I tried four of the slices. Couldn't eat them all but I tasted. All pretty good, especially when hot!!  Maybe she was busy, flustered--yes I have been there.  Nice cool, chilled out place.  Parking is tricky though.   But it's expected in this town.Midway is almost the complete opposite of Ancora, the Neapolitan style pizzeria just up Freret Street. The only thing good about Ancora is the pizza itself. The service stinks, the prices are too high, and it's just a sort of sterile atmosphere. 
Midway is the opposite. The vibe is very warm and welcoming. The decor and ambiance are cool. (Loved the classic rock playlist.) Service was attentive. Prices were reasonable. They have a full bar with great beer and wine selections. I had a glass of wine that was extremely generous for only $6.
But the pizza just ain't special, you know? It's not that it's too "doughy" -- it is deep-dish, after all -- it's just  too dry. There isn't enough sauce or cheese. Chicago deep dish is supposed to bubble and gurgle as it's brought to your table. I thought the pizza was only a few steps up from Domino's, which sounds harsh but it's the truth. 
Make no mistake, it's *good enough*, and I will be back. I just wish the pizza were better. They need to up the sauce quotient about 30 percent.Went here last night with a friend.  Definitely a fan.  I'm not really a deep-dish person but I really liked the pizza.  The crust was soft but flaky.  Toppings were good, not too much sauce.  I got the house salad which was great.  There wasn't quite enough dressing but when I asked for some extra they brought it immediately.  
The pizza was huge by the way!  My friend and I got a 14" and we each were stuffed after two pieces - and we each had two pieces left to take home!  However my leftovers were delicious as dinner for tonight so I'd say I got my money's worth.
Service was good.  We sat at the bar so we were helped by a couple different people who were all very nice and attentive.  They even served us each our first piece which was a nice touch.  
My only complaint would be that it is very very loud!  I think they could turn down the music and it would be perfect.It took me weeks to write this review, for one reason, I just woke up from my food coma!  Seriously.  My mouth is salivating thinking of Midway!  I dont know if its Chicago pizza, NY pizza, deep dish pizza, I just know its AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS PIZZA!
Midway Pizza is so New Orleans!  In a random part of town with an exterior appearance and menu that does it zero justice, you walk in and youre beyond impressed!!! Not fancy or pretentious, just cool, spacious, and most importantly, extremely clean!  With a full bar, funky artwork, phenomenal service, and a menu filled with delicious foods there is something for everyone.  I enjoyed veggie slices while my carnivore loving friends ate a pizza with so much meat two grown men could only eat 2 slices and had to box the rest up!  I felt like a big fat rat when I returned to my desk at work because I couldnt resist a second slice myself.  
Midway Pizza has awesome lunch specials, including a pizza buffet, but I look forward to returning after work to enjoy a drink (or three) and most importantly wearing loose clothing!!!!  
Theres also one minor detail that I cannot leave out, a detail that will cause Midway Pizza to forever hold a special place in my heart.... LUCHADORAS ON THE WALL, I posted a pic, check it out, I guarantee you'll smile!This is a whole lot of food for one person, even with the smallest size. The Uptown Meatdown is Awesome.I went to Midway once with my kids a few years back, and was completely underwhelmed. I went back because my friends and I are working our way down Freret street. Wine selection is good. Our server suggested splitting a large beet and goat cheese salad; It was huge and maybe one of the best salads I've eaten in a long time. We split a 10" Captain Lou pizza between two of us, the crust was crisp on the bottom, so delish.I can't believe I never reviewed this place. I've been here a couple of times and have loved it each time. The service is always friendly and informative and the pizza is amazing. You always think you can finish all the pizza. It becomes a challenge. 
Last time I was there, however, three of us finished 1 10" and 1 14" pizza completely (with some discomfort from the fullness). We got the Money Pie and the Smokey Treat with aioli sauce instead of bbq sauce. Yeah, they accommodated our order with absolutely no problem; they're that awesome. 
And of course they serve beers. 
They also do great with larger groups from what I remember and treat everyone with the same respect and hospitality with or without a reservation. Every time I've gone here I've been satisfied and happy. :)Great pizza and great service. I just feel like the uptown meatdown has the potential to be more meaty.I used to live a couple of blocks from this place when I first moved here. But tonight was the first time I have ever been here.
When I went in I sat at the bar like I usually do at most Restaurants. I was greeted by a rather nice female Bartender. I ordered a blue moon Ale with an orange slice and the Thunderbird pizza.
While I was waiting on my pizza I took a good look around at the decor. A lot of old vintage poster and business signs from places of a bygone era that no longer exist. Basically old New Orleans stuff.
When I got my pizza I was surprised to find that it was deep dish. That is not something that I really expected. I ended up eating my pizza with a fork and knife. But my god it was so good!!!! I haven't had good pizza like that since I was up in Chicago. In fact I think this has got to be the best pizza in New Orleans. I will admit that it was a little pricey but it was worth it.
In short best pizza in New Orleans!Always enjoyable!  Love the crust, it's like deep dish but without the heavy buttery grease that fills you with self-loathing the next day.  We always get the house salad, too, which has a tasty mustardy vinaigrette and delicious fried polenta croutons, yum!  Try the Money Pie (I love meatballs on pizza) or Tiny Bubbles.  Cool artwork/atmosphere, and the staff are nice and friendly.The pizza is extremely overpriced. I got four slices of pizza and a drink for $18. The crust is far too doughy and thick - and I like thick crust. The waiter was too busy playing on his phone to come and give me the bill and even after I waved him down letting him know I was ready for the bill, he looked me straight in the face several times ignored me and took a phone call instead. I had called prior to coming in and he was very rude on the phone. He was the only waiter working and I guess he was pissed that he was working on Memorial Day. I will never go here again.Chicago-style pizza, they said. It'll be great, they said. Just go there, they said.  . . Well, they were right!
Ok so I don't really know anything about Chicago-style pizza song as my family is from the St Louis area, but my guy does and he vouched for the Chicago-style moniker. 
This place reminds me of many of the craft brew pubs in at home in Tampa, and I loved it!! We went in on a Thursday night and were greeted immediately and seated just as quickly. 
We took a bit to look at the menu as we were catching up but thankfully or wait person was very patient. She provided very good advice on the local brews they serve as well.
Our appetizer was the caprese salad which was quite good, fresh, and served quickly.  We followed up with a 14" pepperoni and sausage pizza. The pizza came out piping hot, crust was crunchy underneath and cooked all the way through. (If you aren't aware,  Chicago-style means mile high crusty goodness under the toppings.) We both stuffed ourselves to the max, but we finished the whole thing! 
So if "they" don't tell you to visit here, then I will! It'll make your belly happy.  :-DSaid they were open late, but when we got there they didn't have any pizza. Came back for all you can eat pizza lunch. Only had a selection of veggie, pepperoni and cheese. Wasn't impressed with pizza. Huge space. Good selection of local beer.Great salads and pizza with great service!  We lucked out with this Yelp find after a trip to the New Orleans Zoo.  A bit outside of the Garden District, but their pizza was worth the extra couple of blocks.  Deep dish pizza the way it's meant to be.......not greasy like you find at the chains.  The in house dressings for the salad were great too.  Wish we hadn't been on our way out of town as I would have enjoyed trying some of the local beers on draft.I like this place. It is deep dish but it is not at Chicago level. They put their own twist to it. They have a good bar and TV's. It is a good place to meet folks and grab some deep dish.The lunch buffet was great! Salad and all you can eat pizza for around $10 during lunch. The salad was pretty good and the pizza was pretty good as well. In a city of flatbreads, pizza doesn't really stand out that much to me, but it has nothing to do with Midway, it's just pizza in general. I would definitely come back here for lunch though because it was fast and the price was good.The pizza quality is amazing. You ca n custom order the topping and although it's deep dish Chicago style, you have both the thick crust and as many toppings as you want. This place is our go to on Monday nights when it's half off. I mean, what else do you want people? ??!! I'm officially addicted to this place!I had a great pie at Midway last week.  Based on other reviews, I made sure to get caramelized onions on it and they were delicious.  The crust was perfectly cooked as well.
We also ordered a caprese salad--the mozzarella was absolutely fantastic and the balsamic reduction was really good.
My only qualm about the experience is we were seated at an odd table off at the end of the kitchen despite the fact that there was an empty booth available.  Our server mentioned that they actually never seat people at the table.  We were close to the back door so every time the door opened smoke wafted in from smokers in the alley. 
It's not enough to keep me from going back, because the food was really good...I just thought it was weird.Midway is where you go when you are tired of thin crust.  IT IS NOT DEEP DISH.  Just thick crust.  Huge difference.  Their specialty pizzas arent bad.  I am not a thick crust fan so the more toppings the better, otherwise you taste nothing but dough.  
Hip place with some decent beers on tap.  Open later than most other places on ferret st for food.  Not even close to my favorite pizza place in NOLA but tolerable.  (best pizza is Venezia)This is a must every time I come to the city. Great pizza, ever, and cocktails. The staff is very friendly and genuine. We always enjoy a stop here. They don't disappoint.Last night Midway was my perfect stop. I had been shopping all day, was cranky, and wanted seafood AND cheese. Lo & behold the King Creole pizza...
Seriously, this pie was a marvel. Plumb juicy beautiful shrimp that were clearly fresh  on top of a white sauce but then dabbled with a tomato basil bits  and, of course, lots of yummy cheese made for a lovely and delicious pizza. 
I ordered my takeout at the bar and the lovely bartender made me an old fashioned while I waited. She even warned me that she had made it "a little strong." Clearly she recognized a road weary shopping warrior when she saw one. 
The wait time was just enough for me to enjoy some of my cocktail and take a few deep breaths. Yay for go cups in NOLA (as always but it needs to be said). 
I also had the tasty fresh house salad, but the pizza was the star of this show. 5 stars for being exactly what I needed.Super awesome experience ! The wife and I took a ride over from Madisonville, just to live a little . The area is very nice . This was my first experience with a New Orleans Deep Dish , so they earned the right for such a self proclaimed name !! We will be back !! Who Dat !This is for a delivery order. 
My school placed a large order of pizza and salad for our Senior conference. The moment I saw those huge slices covered in pepperoni I said: "Who delivered this?" When I found out it was from Midway, I said: "Man, this place doesn't fuck around."
It was so awesome to see a place that doesn't skimp on toppings. When they say pepperoni, you're getting some damn PEPPERONI! You can't even handle the pepperoni goodness Midway's serving, son!
The salad had chunks of tomato, onion, and chicken, tossed in a creamy dressing. Delicious! I ended up eating more salad then I did pizza. The department encouraged us to take food home, and the slices were so big that two pieces were all that could fit into a plate. Pfft, I just had to get another plate, and I got the last of the salad. Yeah, I like food! Jealous!?
We had at least 15 people in this meeting, and almost every single person asked where the food came from, and said that they'd have to check out Midway Pizza. I don't even know how many other people came into the office just to get some leftover pizza. Our department head commented that we'd be ordering from Midway a LOT more. Real talk.
Great job to the folks at Midway, y'all have made a bunch of new fans!Pizza was perfectly greasy, not too much and not too little.  Toppings and sauce, excellent.   Wings: Superb!  House made Meatballs: light, fluffy but not too much egg or breadcrumbs and perfectly done. Service Phenomenal!!!!!  'Nuff Said.I'm a fan of Chicago deep dish. I've had Uno and Due's and my personal favorite Gino's East in Chicago. This comes close but misses the mark. The ingredients are good, but a little skimpy on the thick sauces you see in the Windy City. The crust is decent but a little too bready. Great beer selection though. Love the decor with the huge windows and view of Freret Street.Absolutely love this pizza place! Their baby spinach salad is to die for! Love the dressing!
The pizza is delish!! The Smokey Treat is my favorite so far.. I never want to try a different pizza restaurant because when I'm craving pizza, Midway is my spot! Love that they have the schooner beers for $5 during happy hour! 
Haven't tried the all you can eat lunch yet but I plan to soon!Midway has finally opened on Feret St promising the only Chicago style deep dish pizza in the city.  They're still putting on some finishing touches, but the place came out great.  The dining room is very spacious with massive windows and a huge bar with plenty of seats.
The pizza is pretty good, though not really Chicago style.  It's more like a Pizza Hut Style "deep dish" in that the crust is very thick and dough-y.  I would say it's more "thick crust" than "deep dish".  The deep dishes I had in Chicago (Lou Malnati's and Gino's East) had a very thin cornmeal base crust, cheese on the bottom, then toppings, then a thick layer of sauce on top.  At Midway, they build the pizza more New York style with the sauce on the bottom, then cheese, then toppings. 
We ordered the "#18" which came with peppers, onions, mushrooms, sausage and pepperoni.  The sausage was finely ground and sprinkled over the pizza.  The toppings were fresh and the cheese was perfect.  The crust had a good taste, but was just way too thick for me.  90% of the pizza was crust.  It was opening day, so maybe they still have some recipe issues to work out.
They do have NOLA beer on tap, (3 of them at that) as well as LA31, Abita and a few others.Very tasty deep dish pizza. Cold beer. The house salad was good with just a little bit of dressing. Good spot.The search...... is over.
Since arriving in town 4+ years ago from a lifetime in the deep north (so to speak), mission orders were to find the best NOLA pizza.  Genetically bread (pun intended) with a bias for a deep doughy crust and fresh ingredients, it was a desperate assignment with no guarantee of success.  Southern LA lifers think pizza is cracker thin pastry lightly spray with tomato juice, light cheese and a variety of toppings.  I can appreciate that.  I even found some good ones - Slice, Regenellis, Domenica to name a few.
However, Midway has it right.  Deep dish, but not Chicago deep dish.  A thick toasted-just-right crust, tasty sauce (although I would have enjoyed a dab more), great cheese, fresh mushrooms and a generous sprinkling of banana peppers.  
Just to get through the formalities - nice, comfortable, freshly remodeled restaurant, full bar, large selection of beers, excellent service.  Parking is the usual NO nuisance, but no worse than normal. 
The menu covers a lot of specialty pizzas and, of course, you can make your own.  The only thing I didn't see was full blown, just picked the garden, veggie pizza. 
Normally, I mention what the meal costs, but in this case it is irrelevant.  
Midway is a 25 miles hike from home and I am already scheming to go back.I have ordered from here twice for delivery and eaten at the restaurant twice. All the experiences have been underwhelming. The red sauce lacks flavor, and the crust, while thick, is not memorable either. Every time I want a deep dish, I want to try this place again and every time I do I am reminded about how unimpressed I am. 
Try it out because you might find a pie you like (as they have a lot of options), but I had no such luck.Why am I just now coming here? I've seen in many times on my way to Cure but never stopped in until last night. So glad I did because the pizza is delicious! It's not your typical pizza. They are better categorized in the deep dish family but they do have thin crust options. I also love that they have a bar and are open late.  I need one of these near my house. Make it happen Midway...Make it happen.This might be my favorite pizza place in the city. I love the deep dish! It is a must go to on Freret St. 
The salads are also all delicious, perfect pre-pizza. And looking for bread sticks? Their bread sticks with melted cheese are phenomenal. The wait staff is very friendly and accommodating.Love their pizza!  The Money Pie is our favorite.  Very fresh ingredients.  They also have great wings and salads.Pizza options, price, service, beer selection and decor/vibe were very good.  However, pizza had very little sauce and the crust was too doughy. Mid-range for pizza in NOLA; would not make it in Chicago.Went in there Saturday May 5, 2012 - they were a little slow because of Jazz Fest and cinco de mayo.
The pizza came out in about 15 minutes, not nearly as long as the menu indicates for wait.
It was fantastic.  Deep dish, but not so deep as some of the joints in Chicago.  To me this is a good thing.  A lot of that town's pizza is actually too much dough, and too hard.  Midway was a great, slightly shorter version of that, closer to a Sicilian style, but still tall enough to rep Chicago deep dish.
The quality of the dough was very high, and it was cooked perfectly.
The service was flawless.
Also had a spinach salad.  Interesting take on it, non-traditional, plenty of bacon and nuts and cheese and what I think was pickled red onion, but not sure on that last ingredient.  They did not skimp on the expensive toppings at all, not on the salad and not on the pizza.
I don't know what the place would be like if it was really busy, since good pizza is something you have to wait for, especially deep dish, but based on my first experience I will definitely be back and often.Not the best. Pretty sucky service. My husband and I like to patronize the small businesses in the area but not in exchange for pleasant service. We told the server we were first timers. It wasn't busy. She took no time out to sell the menu. After tasting the pizza I can see why. Nothing extraordinary but it was hot and the place was clean. Won't be back.Pizza was so good. Crust was crunchy, interior was nice and chewy. Thunderbird was incredible, a great mix of flavors.
Super packed on these Friday night in may so we sat at the bar, but service was friendly. I'll be back when I'm craving a slice of deep dishGreat place with friendly people to come have a drink and a great slice of pizza.  Recommend!!I usually love this place because of the beer and pizza. Went here on 12/5/16 around 7pm with my wife and waited in the doorway for 10 minutes. No one greeted us. Waitress passed us twice and bartender was playing on her phone and didn't acknowledge us. Finally, someone seated us and the service was pretty bad. Waiter mumbled and didn't communicate clearly. Brought my wife's salad out before my pizza 30 minutes before without asking whether we wanted both brought out or not. Granted, I know it was a weeknight and I clearly know it takes a bit for the pizzas to come out, but the service and atmosphere was bad. Won't recommend to anyone after this. Might not go back at all, and this was one of my favorite places near my house. What really sucks is this was my 30th birthday and was trying to have a fun night. ;(I stopped by here after randomly walking around for lunch. They have an affordable lunch deal; All you can eat pizza with two options and it comes with a salad. I was amazed by their Caesar salad. It had the quality and taste of a higher end restaurant and it has very unique, garlic paste, flat croutons. Very clean atmosphere with good service. Kudos to this place!Stopped by and picked up a large pepperoni on the way home.  My family and I love this place!  In fact, my oldest daughter's high school graduation party was at Midway Pizza.  My only gripe?  I wish I didn't have to go across the street to get an occasional cup of coffee.Another visit to MidWay Pizza. Each time before I have enjoyed my meals and service. This time my assistant and I went for lunch. We each got a salad (he: caesar and myself the Green Charter). I asked for the green goddess dressing to be placed on the side (i'm watching my weight and portion control everything now). 
We each ordered water, which is from out of the tap but had a certain "je na sais quoi" about it.. not a good one either. I have had the same server at least 3 other times and he was polite, courteous, and knowledgable as normal. The salads arrive: mine: smothered in green goddess dressing--- before I could make a sound my expression said it all! The server proceeded to get it corrected and from there it was good. I really like midway and will patronize it more frequently... I will be back sometime before the 15th for Lunch.. I look forward to leaving happy.Service is always pretty good.  The pizza is some of the best in the city (if you like a thicker pizza).  The meat pizza's aren't grease fests like other places meats pizza.  For how thick the pizza's are it's a good dealMy friends and I have been to Midway twice, and it seems that how good the pizza is really is dependent on the toppings.  In other words, the pizza by itself is nothing to write home about.  I would even say it is somewhat bland.
The first visit we ordered the Kingpin which was covered in well seasoned meatballs.  I loved it.  The second visit we ordered a Joghead which had sausage, but not very much sausage, and it was bland.  Our friend had the smokey treat which is covered in bbq sauce, and that was excellent.
So, my rating is that the place is just ok.  They have a nice beer selection, and the decor is fairly trendy which makes it a nice place to spend time with friends.  However, the pizza is hit or miss.  My advice is to pick strongly flavored meats.The wife and I went here for lunch today and we both were VERY impressed!
The service was amazing!
The pizza was incredible!  I'm not usually a fan of deep dish pizza but this pizza was so good.  I love the fact that they have a buffet available for lunch.  Not that I actually need a buffet.
The beer selection was great!  They had about 4 NOLA's, 3 Abitas, some Brooklyn, Sierra Nevada and Bayou Teche.  They also had a bottle selection but I didn't really look to hard at it.
Overall we had an incredible experience!  Loved this place!This place has the best deep dish in the city. 
Pretty cool atmosphere, good selection of draft beers, and an amazing lunch buffet.In a city full of flatbreads and thin crusts, there was one who dared to be different... MIDWAY. 
I cannot talk enough about this place. 
Sure it's close to my house, and offers delivery, but that is the furthest reason why I go to Midway. First--it is the best dang pizza in the city, although I'm particular to thick crust and deep dish pizzas. Secondly, they don't skimp on sauce, or toppings. 
The staff are amazing people! Always kind, remember you, greet you with a smile--the management and owners should be proud of their hiring capabilities, recruitment efforts, and training. 
Good vibes all around on location in this spot as well. Dine in, carry out, or delivery, it's always gonna be incredible.Every time I come here I can't seem to order anything else but the Natty "E"... because it's that amazing!  I've had a bites from a few others but, for me, they pale in comparison.  There's something about the roasted chicken chunks with that drizzle of Green Goddess dressing.  I have piece sitting in my fridge right now... but not for much longer!!!!Happy to have found a delicious deep dish pizza place in New Orleans! I have been here several times and have had great experiences every time. Friendly staff, nice selection of beers, and of course yummy pizza!Maybe I'm just not a fan of the way Midway does pizza. I dunno, but I've been here three times already and I'm not blown away by their pizza. I don't dislike it, I think it's a great neighborhood place to grab a pie and some drinks and the service has always been great. The toppings are quality, the pre-designed pizzas are always great combinations, and they have a wonderful variety of beer. There's nothing wrong with Midway, it's just not my first choice for pizza in this town.Since New Orleans is suddenly becoming a Pizza & Burger town, it can take quite some time to make the rounds. The Pizza options in the city are light years ahead of what they were before the storm. I can't base this review on the overall "hang" experience, and my first thought upon walking into this place was that it looked and felt awesome, and the beer selection wasn't bad. But this time we placed an order to go, so I will admit that I need to give it another shot. The pizza was just ok. There are better places in the city for pizza. The deep dish offerings were nice, and a unique offering in New Orleans but it just wasn't that tasty. I've been more impressed by recent trips to Pizzicare, and Ancora.Great pizza. There are quite a few local beers on tap. Try the Hopitoulas if you like hoppy beers. The pizzas are deep dish. The restaurant is really pretty cool inside. There's some really great old signage.Ordered "to go". Extra cheese and mushroom pizza. Wait wasn't long, when I opened the top to check the pizza before leaving, the cheese was completely WHITE, NOT BAKED. Never had I gone to a pizza specialty place and got served a completely white non baked cheese. 
I asked to bake it some more, and they did. But when giving it back, the server said to ask for well done pizza next time ( which won't happen btw), and that some people have different preferences. 
How about  " you are the pizza place and make me a real pizza??!" ,  however smiled and said thank you for fixing it. SO much for "great pizza" establishment.
It was not saucy and lacked spices, actually NO SPICES. We had to make a marinara dipping sauce to make it better. Its good pizza if you make your own sauce.
I will not recommend a regular cheese or extra cheese pizza from this place. May be their other pizzas are good. But Being from NY, you judge a good spice on the original, just cheese.Always consistent, always tasty.  I don't splurge on pizza often but when I do, I come here! Favorite in the city for deep dish and salads and flatbreads offer a great lighter option. Never a complaint on service or quality.Maybe deep dish isn't exactly my thing. Or maybe I need to take a trip to Chicago and experience the real thing (this is really just an excuse to go to Chicago). The pizza was good but it was *a lot* of bread.
I went here a couple weeks ago with my coworkers. We were there during lunch and took advantage of the lunch buffet. I got the House Salad and my coworkers both got the Caesar. They said their Caesars were *very* garlicky. I really enjoyed my salad. It was perfectly dressed with the Champagne mustard vinaigrette.
On to the pizza. I tried the pepperoni and the veggie ones. It was good. But again, I'm gonna give you the caveat that I'm not like a pizza connoisseur. I can't really tell excellent pizza from good pizza. But hey I enjoyed my meal and I'll probably go back at some point to try some of the signature pizzas.
Oh, and the owner caught us on our way out and was really cool. I love that kind of little things. Just saying "hey, thanks for coming," you know? The place definitely gets cool points for this!Came here after some Birthday Golf at Audubon Park golf course. The service was great and the pizza was good as it always is. Always get the biggest serving of beer and enjoy this funky little deep dish pizza joint. If you want a deep dish pizza fix, this is a great place to start.I wouldn't say this is Chicago style per se, but deep dish for sure. If I ever want a satisfying slice of pizza and some beer, I always come to Midway. The Firebird is amazing, and their beer selections are always just varied enough for the groups I frequent the place with. 
I would definitely rate this place as one of the top pizza places in New Orleans. Competition has gotten stiffer over the years, but Midway is definitely still a must-visit.As a Chicago native, I love my deep dish pizza. I've been waiting for Midway Pizza to open for a long time. By just the looks of it, I knew it wasn't traditional Chicago style pizza. Nonetheless, it was extremely delicious. The crust was buttery and thick and there was lots of cheesy goodness. We had a big group, so we ordered 2 pizza, one with spinach, artichoke, and feta. The other was pepperoni, sausage, peppers, and onions. It surpassed my high expectations and I'm really excited that it's so good because I love my deep dish! I can't wait to go back soon!I've had plenty of deep dish pizza from Chicago and I do not think that this is a good representation at all.  Flavorless!  Cheese tasted cheap.  Sausage was not flavorful.  The dough would greatly benefit from a little bit of salt in it.  Plus the assembly is wrong.  The cheese is supposed the be under the sauce.  I'm from NY, but I love a good deep dish pizza.  They really need to make a trip up to Chicago to do some more research.  This tasted just like a thinker version of a bad pizza.Wow! This place is good! I had read all these great reviews, so my boyfriend and I decided to try it out last night. The place itself is very visually appealing. Cute decor. We decided to start off with a small green charter salad. Holy Moly! Was that thing good! It had such a large amount of chicken, bacon, and onions. The dressing on it was great. We then decided to order the small Thunderbird pizza (4 large slices) without ham. The Thunderbird has chicken, bacon, and onions on it. The sauce on it was very tasty! I went to Chicago a year ago, and I have to say the pizza at Midway was not quite as deep dish. It doesn't really matter though because it's the closest I've seen around here, and it's so good. Only negative thing that I found was that I thought the chicken tasted better in the salad than on the pizza, but it was still a great pizza. The small salad and the small pizza left us feeling stuffed! The bill came to right under 25 dollars for a small salad, small pizza, and a coke. I thought that was very reasonable. We will definitely be back!I don't typically write reviews on Yelp. In fact, I'm an incredibly selfish Yelper. But I felt compelled to write a review about my experience at Midway tonight.  It was our first time here and it will be our last. Reason being...it's simply not very good. It's a not-so-good attempt at deep dish and it misses the mark. Believe it or not, New Orleans has several options for really good pizza. This just isn't one of them.This is my updated review for their LUNCH BUFFET (Choice of 1 salad and AYCE Pizza) for 10$
The AYCE pizza isn't pizza of your choice. It's the chef's choice of whatever kind of pizza he feels like baking. When I visited a mushroom, onion, & tomato pizza was offered with a pepperoni pizza. A meat lovers was in rotation for a quick two second as well. 
I noticed that the AYCE pizzas are more doughy than their normal deep dish menu options. I compare the AYCE pizza to Pizza Hut's pan pizza. Just as doughy, but way less buttery. I normally eat all of the bread too, but it was to much. Eventually, I started to grab two pizza slices and scoop the toppings off of one to combine it with the other.
If this is your first time having Midway Pizza, definitely opt for the menu versus the AYCE. You'll enjoy it a lot more. I'll definitely be back at Midway, but wouldn't do their AYCE again.Got a 10" #18 deep dish and a 14" top shelf margarita pizza and a salad to go.  That was about $50, which is pretty pricey for the small amount of food.  Even my sister-in-law, who raved about the top shelf margarita pizza couldn't eat much of it, leaving the pretty good #18 deep dish to try to satisfy four of us, who luckily were only looking for a snack.  I would say the deep dish is pretty good because the toppings are good, crust ok.  Thin crust pizza was pretty bad.  This seems to be a bar that serves pizza and not a place to go just for the pizza.One of the best pizza places in town. Midway never disappoints me. Great service. Love the location uptown. Especially if you like deep dish, do not pass on them. Most people will be full after two slices. Creative menu on top of everything else.I don't normally like a deep dish pizza. This place however changed my mind. The crust was thick yet still crispy and the meatballs are very good.Def not as great as some of the deep dish i saw in Chicago, but for a southern attempt it wanst too shabby. My one and only experience with this place was a pick up order and I will be back. Toppings were super fresh, plenty of choices, and the prices werent too bad either. I read they have half price pizza on Monday and Tues (please correct me if I'm wrong) if you sit at the bar, so that may be a good option if you are on a budget. Like I sai, it was a take out order so I dont have much to say about the decor or bar, but from the quality of the pie I will for sure check this place out again.If you love deep dish pizza. This is the place to go. No one in the city beats it.
P.S.  don't be too far from the toilet, but it's so worth it.Awesome lunch buffet called the "Freret Jet" which includes a salad. Weekdays (Monday-Friday) 11:30-2:30. Otherwise order off the menu. My favorite is like the Kingpin with added anchovies to balance out the flavor. You can't go wrong here, though no matter what you choose. It's deep dish Chicago Style so dig in baby!!!!!!! The staff is also amazing!!!!! You'll love it at da Midway!!!!! Muchlove y'all!!!!!I just had the worst experience from a place where I love the owners.  My original pizza was dropped in the kitchen so I had to wait for another.  Of course it had to be boxed since I had been there for over an hour and needed to leave.  I can accept that since it was a Friday, but the cheese pizza I got to go with it was completely burnt.  None of my boys would touch it when I got home.back in my old stomping grounds of Nola and needed to check out the revived Freret street.
The buffet comes with a choice of salads- we had the mixed greens and Zues plate.  Both excellent, with just enough dressing and fresh ingredients.
The buffet pizza was updated frequently and was warm and of good (but not great) quality.
Atmosphere was great, a nice place to bring anyone.The food was amazing we had half king creole and half money pie the service was great they even let us color (we are older than 18) and the general manager was out the whole time talking with customers and giving us great tips and helping us choose what to eat please go there !!!!F'n great, my wife who was hesitant, as a staunch ny pizza fan, agreed deep dish rocks!!This and Cafe Nino have won me over in terms of best pizza in NOLA. I recommend going after 10pm-pizzas are half off. 
Amazing deep dish, thick-as-pie pizzas. 
I recommend anything with their homemade meatballs on top, my favorite being the kingpin. It may be a little hard to find something if you are vegetarian as most of their pizzas have meat on them but they have some options and you can always make your own. I've never been to their buffet and am usually not a buffet person but they have one during lunch time on weekdays -amazing price of $8.95 for all you can eat pizza. Nice opportunity to sample everything they haveGreat food, cool atmosphere and good service. The various selection of pizza was great, too. It may have just been the time of night we visited, but the area was pretty quiet and far from other areas of New Orleans you may want to visit if you're vacationing, so that was a bit of a downside. But other than that, it was great!First "Deep-plate Pizza" that I tried in the US. I ordered one with spinach and many other vegetables as toppings which make the pizza much healthier. I really like the hand-made style pizza base and hope to try more in the future！The inside of the restaurant has a good vibe, especially for a pizza restaurant.  I think the wrestling dude in the paintings as a mascot is super tight.  The staff was friendly and the service was alright.  I went during their lunch buffet special, which consists of all you can eat pizza and a choice of a salad(some have an upcharge lol..)
It was not busy at all and it took 15 minutes for me to get a Caesar salad that was coated in what looked and tasted like white water.  It came with two burnt crustinis covered with a garlic paste.  These are described on the menu as "roasted garlic croutons".  
The quality of ingredients they use on their pizza reflects its taste.  It includes frozen pepperonis probably hormel brand or something even more generic, and cheese that tasted like a giant melted cheese stick.  The sauce and "crust" were seriously underwhelming and forgettable.  I have no intention of coming back here.Once I got past my first visit that it's not Chicago pizza, I really like Midway. They have quality ingredients, inspired combinations, great salads and a great bar. The atmosphere is relaxed and happy, and the owner and staff are very nice and accommodating. Understand that it isn't Liu Malnatis, but enjoy it for just being good food.Enjoying Midway twice in one week is rarity for me, but after last night's late night visit I dare call myself a regular.  Six days prior I was enjoying beverages at the bar with an old friend, however last night was pitchers and pizza.
When we arrived at 830 there was but one booth available which frankly I was a little surprised by, but clearly with Saints losing their hard fought game against the 49ers, fans needed some comfort food and comraderie.
Our pizza happened to be slowed in queue, but Steve - who *might be hardest working restauranteur on Freret - sidled up to us and offered an app on the house.  My cohort quickly requested pigs in a blanket, and no more than 2 minutes later voila!
My point in updating my review is Midway isn't messing around.  It's a sincere and delicious effort, and one I truly appreciate being someone that lives and also works in the neighborhood.
MY ONLY COMPLAINT at this point is whoever keeps the music going needs to quit skipping songs.  I know it's minor but it is irritating.  Midway staff please take note (pun intended): hands off the skip button!We had heard this place was great and was it ever! Pizza is in my top 5 foods, and from top to bottom this was stellar. We had a half spinach salad and the caprese for appetizers, both of which were top notch with subtle personality, which we loved. Then, we had a half thunderbird and half king creole, and both were equally exceptional. The crust is baked perfectly and the toppings are abundant, including the cheese, without being overbearing or too greasy. Well done Midway!I went to Midway on their opening night, despite TS Lee.  They seemed a bit overwhelmed (but grateful) for the crowd that turned up.  Despite it being opening night, the staff seemed to be working well together with only minor issues.
We ended up eating at the bar.  We had a 2 salads & 2 small pizzas, but we should have split a single pizza. The crust is thick and very filling.  I really liked the flavor and the texture but E wasn't as enthused.  I think he's just a thin-crust person.  I liked it because it was different.  The toppings were good and his veggie pizza had really fresh big pieces.  The salads were tasty and the local beer selection was good.
I hope their menu expands a bit beyond just pizza & salads in the future.I am extremely excited about deep dish pizza in New Orleans.  I enjoyed my first trip to Midway, but I felt that it left a little to be desired.
This place has a lot going for it.  The atmosphere is great.  The beer selection is solid.  And it's the only place in the city to get deep dish pizza.  But I think the pizza - while very good -  has room to improve.  My overall impression was that the pizza tried to be too healthy.  I didn't think that the crust was buttery or flaky enough.  I think the sauce could be more flavorful.   And I like my deep dish pizza a little bit greasier.  
I will definitely come back to Midway and am excited about having it as a dining opinion.  But I see some room for improvement.This was ok. The pizza could have used more sauce and was a little dry. The restaurant is cool and I liked being able to see into the kitchen.Damn good pizza. Got the Margherita Deep Dish and it was on point. Fresh ingredients, cooked to perfection, and served super hot. Must try.I really really wanted to love this place....my husband and I went on a Saturday night and only could get a seat at the counter in front of where the pizza is made. There were tons of open chairs but It was kind of a tight squeeze. There's no way each hair could have been filled by an adult body with everyone having enough room to eat. Whatever. It was kind of cool to wAtch the pizza getting made if like to say those guys were working HARD!
Our waitress was very nice and friendly. She checked in on us enough even though it was busy.
My hubby and I got one pizza and each got a half with our preffered toppings. He had all meats I had all veggies. We did have to wait about 40 min for our pizza but hey it was Saturday night so to be expected.
The reason for the 3 stars is because the pizza was....ok...neither my husband or I eat cheese  so we only had sauce and toppings. Or I think there was sauce there.the toppings were fresh and yummy but you could see spaces of crust with no toppings and no sauce. Since the pizza is deep dish there is all this crust  and it ended up being pretty dry and just not that great. And being that we waited 40 plus minutes to get the pizza we were not about to send it back.
I would go back again order extra sauce and give it another try.You remember that Wendy's commercial with the lady asking "where's the beef?"?  The question to ask here is "where's the sauce?"  Went here last night and none of us had been there before.  Seemed like a cool enough place, I even looked past the jacked up prices for High Life and PBR ($3.50).  The atmosphere was trendy industrial type, they had big TVs above the bar too.  We order salads, breadsticks, and two small pizzas.  The salad comes and it's awesome.  Whatever dressing they had on the house salad was great, and they had a lot of good lettuce, tomatos, onions, and mushrooms.  I'm thinking the pizza will be good too.  The pizzas come, and they're all fancy and deep dish, I'm digging it.  The toppings seemed a little on the light side, but it's deep dish, I guess they want the emphasis on the bread.  Maybe that's why there was hardly any sauce on the pizza.  The ironic thing was, the pizza we ordered had "extra sauce" on the menu description.  I didn't understand it.  The lack of enough sauce kind of made the pizza dry.  The cheese and meatballs on the pizza were great, but the meatballs hadn't even been in sauce.  I don't understand the sauce thing at Midway.  I noticed the breadsticks came with a really small thing of sauce.  None of us were really impressed with the place.  Great salad aside, paying $3.50 for a can of PBR and eating pizza with just a touch of sauce doesn't make the grade.We do a pizza night almost once per week and have tried many pizza spots. Midway definitely has it's own twist with their deep dish as opposed to the New York style, but the sauce is really what gets me. I'm only giving 4 stars because I was not keen on their garlic bread sticks. They were really just cheese sticks and I really wanted something garlicky. The waiter steered me wrong. Get on the garlic knots bandwagon and I think there would be no stopping this place!
Oh, a happy hour would be nice too ;)A great addition to Freret St. I had a coupon for Midway and my husband and I decided to check it out. They were not weirded out by me not wanting cheese on my pizza. Pizza was tasty. The service was a little spotty. Our waitress would walk past us and not notice we were trying to get her attention. The parking is an issue. We had to park 2 blocks away and walk in the freezing cold to get there. The tables are extremely close together so you can here everything the people next to you are talking about.Excellent Don Knots with real sautéed garlic and we had the Uptown Meatdown deep dish pizza that hit the spot!  Great service, too!Get the Uptown Meatdown. Fantastic!I split the house salad and a pizza with my girlfriend. Both were exceptional. I've heard people say that it isn't true Chicago deep dish pizza but I don't see why that matters since it's so good. Friendly staff and nice beer selection as well. I definitely would recommend this restaurant.A decent dining experience on one of my favorite streets in New Orleans.
The Don Knotts (clever name for garlic knots) were pretty yummy.  The toppings on my half-Herb Tarlek, half-Uptown Meatdown pizza were good, but I wasn't really blown away by the deep dish crust.  Perhaps I should have asked for the thin crust instead.
Reasonable prices & good service.  Not a bad place to suggest to a friend, but I'm honestly not tempted to prioritize this place over the other pizza joints in town.My friends and I were a little hungry and we decided that Midway would be a good idea to share one deep dish pizza since we probably didn't have the appetites to eat a dish each of anything.
We walked into the restaurant and were promptly seated. It wasn't very full for a friday night, but then again it was late, and it probably also had something to do with Good Friday and not being able to eat meat filled pizzas?  The space was large and airy, the fans however made it slightly cold.  If it was a hotter day, I bet the fans would be great!
We looked at the menus and all the pizzas sounded really good, it was a hard choice, but we settled it with a game of choose a number between 1 and 2?  The King Pin pizza won and so did the Pigs in a Blanket which was recommended to us by our server.
I'd have to say that the Pigs in a Blanket were just okay, there wasn't anything very special about them.  However, the King Pin was very good.  I mean, who doesn't like meatballs? The crust was fluffy and crisp on the bottom with no burnt bits. The pizza wasn't so rich that it was overbearing.
Overall, I give this place 3 stars for good pizza and very prompt and friendly service, - the servers seemed to be on top of everything, however the non-pizza appy was a bit disappointing.  I would definitely come back to try their other pizzas.Best pizza in New Orleans. Hands down. The deliver and have interesting combos worth a try (Don Flamenco)Great pizza, hands down.  Fresh ingredients, good sauce, excellent dough.  The service was friendly and efficient.  We will definitely be back to satisfy our deep dish cravings.  No, it's not Chicago deep dish, but it tastes good, and it will satisfy that craving.Very good. We had the pigs in a blanket, which is a must here! We also got a 14" half and half meat down/smoky treat. We both preferred the meat down and will come back for it! The smoky treat was okay, fresh and all, but just fell a bit flat on flavor for us. Service was excellent and so was the atmosphere! We love Midway and will be back!DEEEEEEEP Dish pizzas. 
They weigh about 10 pounds each. You have to be patient, though because they take a while to bake.From the name and the fact that this place is named Midway, I assume this place is going for a Chicago-style deep dish. I have only ordered the plain cheese, at this point, but it was way off the mark and would best be described as "meh."  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't good, either. While the crust was buttery and had a good texture, both the sauce and cheese were unremarkable. However, I want to like this place, so I'll definitely be back.Decided to try the Salad and all you can eat pizza "buffet" with my daughter. We both thought the salads were good. The pizza however was pretty bland and nothing special. It's not really a pizza "buffet." A couple of pizzas are placed on a counter under some heat lamps which don't keep the pizza hot. Our pizza slices were close to room temperature. Also, I would not describe the pizza we had as deep dish but more like thick crust. 
Some of the pictures posted here make the pizza look way better than the pizza we had. Atleast one other person has questioned whether the pizza served on the pizza "buffet" is different than the pizza ordered off of the regular menu. If so, not a good way to get people to come back. I was not impressed with the pizza and will not go back until I have tried numerous other places despite the potentially good value of the "lunch buffet."Omg the pizza, omg the pizza!!!!  The best pizza I every had in Louisiana! The pizza are huge, and I can say that a personal pan pizza can fill up two people, and please try the pigs in the blanket, sooooo delicious. The prices are reasonable. The manager is so nice and friendly. He greet you at the door. I would most definitely go back just for the pizza and pigs in the blanket, and also for the warm greetings. Great place!This is my families favorite place for pizza. The owner has to be one of the nicest guys we met he is so down  to earth. He walks around checking to make sure that all customers are satisfied with their order. The staff is very nice also. We have tried so many different pizzas all were delicious. Their bar serves great beer & wine. It's a great NO eatery.Stopped in last Saturday evening for a bite. Was pretty busy but were seated right away. Waitress was quick and got us drinks promptly. Honestly I was in conversation with my girl and wasn't paying attention to time, but someone approached me and apologized for the delay. I said no problem, we were enjoying the "Don Knots". They are delicious! He offered me a complimentary beer for my wait. I was caught off guard because I really didn't think the wait was excessive, but I took him up on the free beer anyway. Anyway, we got our pizza within a few minutes and dug in. Was delicious as always, and had leftovers to take home for breakfast. Once again, Midway delivers and will definitely be back, not just for the free beer...Service is really good. Ordered a wine accidentally spilled and broke the glass. Manager was really nice and gave me a new one. Pizza was really good. I will definitely come back. Specially for the Monday / Tuesday pizza special!I'm going to leave this review because, though unfavorable, I don't think it will hurt the business or its reputation and because I think reviews should be balanced. That said, I was very disappointed by this pizza. I'd been looking for deep dish pizza for a really long time, so when someone made offhand mention of this place, I visited post haste. What I got for my effort was less a deep dish pizza than a tall crust pizza. There was a solid inch of edge crust rising above what was an amount of toppings/filling that was no more generous than a standard pizza. It wasn't even filled with sauce, despite my having deliberately ordered a pie whose topping list included extra sauce. Speaking of sauce, what they're using at Midway is barely a step above canned tomato paste. All told, Midway was a very, very disappointing experience.More than a year after I first tried it and I still love it! 
I tried Midway on a recommendation. My friend gushed about how good it was, and how she was addicted to it. Now, I am a pizza snob.  I had little faith in her ability to categorize pizza correctly. What do uptown people know about pizza anyway?  Besides, no one likes deep dish pizza........  
Not willing to walk three blocks to suffer the indignity of bad pizza, I decided to subject them to the ultimate test, half one specialty pizza half another specialty pizza.  Just to turn the screws, delivery!   Not just any delivery location, mind you, but the third floor of an office building.  They didn't even complain.  The pizza arrived quickly, and the box didn't even look greasy! I was very suspicious.  
I'm pretty sure the delivery guy knelt on one knee illuminated by a ray of light as he presented the pizza to me and I think I heard angels sing "ahhhhhhh" .  But, It could have just been the delicious aroma of the circular treasure he cradled in that flat white box taking over my sense of reason. 
When we opened the box, It was more than I could have hoped for. There were toppings! Not your standard sprinkle of toppings, but a plethora of high quality ingredients all cradled by cheese! Not a greasy separated mass masquerading as cheese, but soft, tender, luscious, cheese embracing meatballs and well cooked veggies. Of course the taste was glorious. Each bite was satisfying in both taste and texture from the tip of each slice to the last morsel of the tender crust.   
After a couple of deliveries, I decided to traverse the three block expanse that separated me from the best pizza I have ever had in New Orleans.  (Maybe the world) I found it easily, on a corner of Freret Street in a  clean, non-descript blue building.  
Anyone with a single drop of unassuming blood will immediately feel at home when they walk in. The staff is kind and casual, friendly and still professional.  Midway is the kind of place, where every seat is a comfortable one.  The slow New Orleans vibe permeates every square inch of the surprisingly spacious dining area, no one is sitting piled on top of the table next to them.  
Somehow, every second I spend in here feels like a lazy summer afternoon. I never want to leave. I swear, one day I will have tried everything on the menu, and then I will do it again. 
I need everyone who reads this to go eat at Midway. Do not put it off. This is the kind of restaurant that New Orleans and even America are built on, excellent quality and craftsmanship at a fair price.  The food is clearly a labor of love and pride.  I need you to eat here so they can always be here for me!   
Bonus tip! During the week they have a  lunch buffet that comes with a salad. These are not just trash salads tossed in a bowl. These are the kind of salads that you would pay top dollar for at another restaurant. Now I prefer their specialty pizzas over the standard toppings, but you cannot beat the price.A good deep dish pizza tends to leave me feeling slightly satisfied but also slightly queasy, carrying a specific sense of overindulgence. The pizza here fit the bill well enough.
Their lunch buffet was really hardly worthy of the term; it was just two pizzas, one plain one not, under heat lamps. Salads were offered, but not as a buffet; a salad off the menu was simply included in my order. Despite this all being mildly disappointing, in substance it was a reasonably good deal for a very substantial lunch.
The very thick white bread crust, zingy sauce, and heavy cheese were all reminiscent of Chicago-style pizzas I've had elsewhere (albeit not in Chicago, sadly). The salad had some nice ingredients but the dressing was excessively oily. The people who got pizzas made to order received some appealing-looking pies, and the topping list is long. In all, the rating reflects that it is a decent quick lunch, but it was a pleasant place to eat and seemed like I could have a different and better experience if I came back for dinner.This place reminds me of the pizza of my youth: cheesy, decent crust and no discernible spice. I wouldn't bring a pizza snob here, but it's a fine night for the kids. Their full bar and pleasant and quick service are big plusses in my book.When the "Best Pizza in New Orleans" happens and someone doesn't say Midway, a little bit of me dies inside.
Great service, Tony the Tiger Grrrrreat pizza, I want to do a funny review. There is nothing funny to say about this seriously delicious pizza.This is a pretty good place. I Liked the pizza for the most  part except for the plain crust. You know the part at the end without toppings. It was kinda weird. I can't really elaborate. We sat at the bar, the service was prompt and she was well informed on the menu. I would go backAs a Chicago boy, I'm a pizza snob who loves to hate on pizza places.  Midway is not Geno's East or UNO.  It's not trying to be and that's ok.  Not all Chicago pizza has sauce on top, think Home Run Inn.  This pizza reminds me of a Geno's/HRE hybrid.  
Anyway, the combinations of toppings are solid.  I love the bacon pizza.  The crust is good (Geno's style).   The sauce is good and they aren't stingy with it either.  The cheese flavor could be a touch stronger, maybe they could mix in some provelone. 
Midway has a well-done decor and a great local beer selection.  It may not be your style of pizza, most styles of Nola's pizzas aren't mine, but this is a damn good thick pizza.  Throw in that I can get dinner and drinks for two for $28 and we have a winner.Pigs in a Blanket (7.85$); just do yourself a huge favor and order these things! The creole mustard- jalapeño sauce is the best compliment to the savory sausage. The dough is also flavorful!
BYT Salad (5.75/8$); mixed greens w/ beets, goat cheese, pine nuts, orange slices, & a citrus dressing. Definitely a refreshing starter for an upcoming heavy entree. This isn't my favorite salad offering, but that's probably because I'm iffy about beets. 
Zeus' Plate (5.75/8$); baby spinach tossed in a sun dried vinaigrette w/ mushrooms, tomatoes, feta cheese, & prosciutto. I like this salad the most. The fresh mushroom w/ the dressing & burst of grape tomato is what makes it for me. So delicious!
Baby Spinach Salad (6.24/9.5$); spinach in a marmalade vinaigrette topped with bacon, egg, Gorgonzola, & toasted pecans. Its a good salad, exactly what you expect it to be.
The true star of the show is the deep dish pizza (13.50/19.25$) . It's definitely worth the 30 minute wait.. I've had the king creole (creole fredo sauce w/ garlic, shrimp, tomato basil relish, & green onion), money pie (my favorite one; spinach cheese, pepperoni, meatballs, roasted garlic, grape tomato, & basil), & herb tarlek (least favorite; creole fredo sauce, chicken, mushroom, artichoke, roasted tomato, & garlic wilted spinach).
If you're dining for two, I suggest a large salad and a small half & half pizza. It'll definitely be enough! If you ever have left overs, popping the pizza in a toaster oven on 350 for 15-20 minutes does the job! The crust stays crispy & the ingredients are all melty in yaaa mouth. Fresh like day 1. lolToday I went to try out the Freret Lunch Buffet that midway has. It's 8.99 for a salad and all you can eat pizza.  This is a pretty good deal, I believe if you are eating alone. The pizza selection is small, they had a pepperoni, a cheese, one with green peppers, onions, and mushrooms, and another that had onions, green peppers, and olives. The pepperoni was the best was it had the most flavor, the others seemed a bit bland.
If you go with a group of at least 3 people, and don't end up eating salad, it might be better to just order a large specialty pizza, especially if you altogether don't eat enough pizza slices to amount to 1 whole pizza. Then you have the advantage of getting one of their fully loaded pizzas for a cheaper deal.Great place for deep dish pizza and beer.  The House Salad and Kingpin pizza are the best things going.Mozzarella sticks were pretty good. Stopped by for a quick bite and to grab a beer with my mom. Ordered a can cider and top of can was completely filthy... dirt or something was on top of the can.. so pay attention before you accidentally drink dirt. Not their fault though, although bartender could have kept an eye out or washed off can before serving.After reading all the great reviews, I had really high expectations for Midway pizza. We ordered a build your own with mushrooms and onions. The crust was bland and dry and the sauce had very little flavor. If you go here to eat, take other reviewer's advice and order one of the more flavorful specialty pizzas! I will go somewhere else for pizza next time.My old roommate was back in town, so we visited Midway Pizza for dinner last weekend. Midway is in a really great spot on Freret, right next to Cure. We ordered the large (14"?) Kingpin Pizza which came with meatballs and caramelized onions. DELICIOUS. Both of us were stuffed after 2 slices, and each took home 2 of our own slices.
Midway has a decent beer selection (NOLA, Abita, Brooklyn and maybe 1 or 2 others on tap). I saw something on the beer list called NOLA Midway; our waiter told me that eventually NOLA will begin making a special house beer for Midway. Awesome. 
Only, so-minor-why-am-I-even-recounting-it, complaint was our waiter mixed up our beer orders, but it got sorted out in short order. Otherwise everything else was fine. 
Good service, good seating, nice and clean, great food and pretty good beer selection. I like this addition to the growing business community of Freret Street.I'm not sure if I should be writing a review for this place just yet, as I would only be basing it on one experience, so let that be known. 
I wanted to eat here, but I'm self conscious and did not want to come alone. So I ordered take out. I'm a fan of deep dish pizzas so I ordered half Margherita and half Pepperoni. Since it was just me I ordered a 10". 
I placed my call and was greeted by a very friendly person. I told her I had never been there before and that I was interested in half and half. She said it was no problem. She was very very kind and offered the same friendly customer service as I do at my own shop, and that is something I very much appreciate. She told me it would be there in 20 minutes. Funny thing is, I had the idea to eat from here on my way home from my parents house, which is exactly a 25 minute drive. So I got there in exactly 20 minutes. Yes, my pizza was ready on time! That was nice too. 
I thought the ambience was nice and very cool looking. I almost got a sense that I stepped back in time for a little bit. So I hope I find a date to come here with. 
On a side note: during this whole event, I had my dog in the car. My poor dog was going bananas on the way home after picking up the pizza because it smelled so good. 
I took a picture of my half and half deep dish. I very much enjoyed it and had plenty of left overs for work today!I have recently discovered Midway after hearing about it for years. Now, I can't stop craving it! I have eaten in and had delivery; I prefer the delivery. The restaurant was hot when I was there, and it's still just as delicious when delivered to your house. Not to mention, it's also good when you reheat it the next day. I know some people will say it's not as good as Chicago deep dish, which is true, but we're in New Orleans not Chicago. It is delicious for what it is. I only eat cheese pizza, so I cannot comment on the toppings. The cheese is a perfect mix of cheese and sauce. The dough is very good and holds up well the next day.Wait so you can get deep dish pizza in NOLA? No way
My wife found this lovely establishment using none other than.....YELP
Those who may or may not have read some of my other reviews know that I typically roll with a posse when I go most places, and by posse I mean my wife and 3 year old daughter. Some of the tables have white table cloths, so when we saw that with a toddler we're thinking "shit we're in the wrong place" but that couldn't have been further from the truth. Not only do they have a wonderful assortment of gourmet deep dish pizzas, they also have an eclectic beer selection and wine selection as well.
The staff are friendly and courteous. 
I got the Thunderbird, and despite being a relatively capable eater (I' m 6'7 215 lbs) I had to take 1/2 of it home for leftovers the next day.Where do I begin...... yummy homemade deep dish pizza. You can taste the freshness. You truly should venture into the community to discover more good food and friendly atmosphere. My daughter and I ordered the Thunderbird pizza and ate to the tunes of good music and courteous service with a game of tic tac toe while waiting for our food.This, after signing up for membership back in 2009 or something, is my first ever review. You may wonder why I'm suddenly struck with the need to write a review after countless meals running the gamut from from crap to the laudable to the good to the humble & back to crap.
Not to keep you, the browsing hungry reader, in suspense, here's the following: it's not because the pizza was good (no, the pizza was awesome & for it alone we'd go back) but because they made us the wrong one. You may ask at that, "dude, what's wrong with you?" Are the five stars because they took the charge off the bill without haggling? Nope, four of those above stars are for that the joint was excellent. What makes it heads above the rest is they made us a free second pie. We didn't ask for it--they popped it in the oven when they noticed their mistake. That's righteous. It's also way too much food (the two of us could have easily done the 10" with a salad versus the 14") but that's how to run a business.In New Orleans for vacation  and found this great neighborhood spot. The salads are wonderful! Polenta croutons...need I say more. It's causal with great music.Comforting and Flavorful. Pizza is one of the few foods where I admittedly come off as a snob, but when the mood strikes for a comforting overabundance of cheese, Midway fits the ticket. The flavors on the Kingpin delivered, and the crust was a decent enough vehicle. The space was one of the most casual and enjoyable on Freret, and I'll definitely return.I will say the house salad I had was very good. Dressing was very nice and hash brown croutons were clever. 
But this was my first time trying deep dish pizza and I came away disappointed. Just decided to order a basic cheese and pepperoni and it was very lousy. The cheese and sauce reminded me of eating pizza at a bowling alley. I saw they had some more elaborate combinations of pizza so maybe I ordered the wrong thing. But then again if they can't do a basic cheese and pepperoni how could I expect the other more elaborate ones to be any better?So impressed! Our area doesn't have any deep dish pizza places and even though we've tried a few spots in New Orleans, I don't really consider it to be a pizza city. Looking for something easy for dinner, we found Midway Pizza and weren't disappointed. We opted for a make-your-own deep dish with pepperoni, black olives, and onions which came out perfectly after 30-40 minutes (sooner than we anticipated, honestly). My husband found a new favorite beer thanks to a suggestion from our server (I think her name was Ashley) and my Sazerac was amazing- best I've ever had in NOLA. They have an extensive beer and wine list, along with specialty cocktails, so you're sure to find something you'll like. 
This was one of our favorite restaurants during this trip and I have no doubt we'll be back. Ashley was a great server- helpful, attentive, and sweet. Our pizza was fresh and a great change of pace, and the restaurant is located away from the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter. Winning combination!I didn't see the big deal about this pizza. Yes, it appeared to have fresh ingredients. However, in my friend's and my opinion, it has the same taste of frozen pizza at the grocery store. We had the buffet. There were only 3 types of pizza, a little disappointing, and the salad was subpar. We definitely did not believe we got our money's worth. The online price of the buffet is $8.99 but once we received our ticket, our waitress told us that prices have changed and the buffet is $9.95. It's not worth the rave.Really enjoyed the pizza! Unlike some other deep dish pizza we have had in the city the crust was nice and crispy. It also was not all cheese and a few toppings- quite the opposite. You really taste and enjoy the toppings with the right balance of cheese. Had a really nice bottle of wine to compliment. Definitely will be back!They put out a pie or two out at a time of their own choosing and you come up and get a slice. They cook it deep dish. It's not bad. If you can make it beyond two slices on top of the huge salad they give you, well, I hope you're in training . . . for something. 
Really nice service every time.
P.s. Oh, and why does Yelp ask me if they have a TV? Hell do I want a TV for?We've been here three times so far and have yet to be disappointed. Our server really helped us to feel comfortable and at ease even though we were the only table with kids. They have enough specialty pizza choices to make me want to come back and try many more. We tried the King Creole on our first visit, which featured perfectly cooked shrimp. Shrimp on pizza usually end up rubbery from over-cooking. They clearly left some room for the shrimp to cook in the pizza oven, and it paid off beautifully. Our second trip had us ordering some kind of pizza with meatballs, and they had a nice depth of flavor and soft, but not mushy texture. The dough is a little heavy at times, but hey, it's deep-dish pizza, so I know by the end of the second slice, I just can't eat any more crust. Our kids ate well with cheese pizza, juice in cups meant for little people prone to spills, and ice cream (house made?). What kid doesn't love that?
The atmosphere and prices are much better than some other Freret St hotspots, so we'll definitely be back again. I honestly think Midway has replaced our go-to pizza spot. Great job guys!Not the best or the worst pizza I have had, just okay!  
This new eatery on Freret Street offers dip dish pizzas, not Chicago style dip dish, but dip dish nonetheless.  It's menu is limited to salads and pizza, with a few vegetarian options.  Service was good, and the owner(s) is around, or so it seemed.  They have been opened for a week, and I am sure that there will be some slight changes to the overall concept to better benefit from its bustling location.
The pizza was just okay, and by that I mean that the toppings flavors get lost in the blend the dough; it has no distinctive flavor.  Save you some calories/carbs and cut off the crust.
So, is there something different and especial about Midway's pizzas? No, just the fact that the pizzas are dip dish.  Would I return or recommend to others?  Probably not, but I am sure I will.   
Please note that the 10" pizza is enough to share with two, and it takes over 25 mins to bake.
My recommendations to the owners:  make a signature dough that is flavorful and that people will remember/crave, or offer a side of sauce to dip the crust.   Don't forget about garlic bread or cheese bread.  I truly feel that dipping sauces will be a great addition.My date and I had a hankering for pizza last night so we headed to Midway.  Midway is a relatively new pizza joint on the ever growing scene of Freret Street.
I loved the atmosphere.  Very warm and kinda funky too.  You can see into the kitchen, which I'm always a fan of.  The waiters and waitresses wore cute t-shirts with Lucha Libra masks on them!
Our waitress Claire was wonderfully chipper and efficient.
We ordered a house salad, which was a mixed green salad with a balsamic vinaigrette. It was really tasty.  The best part about this salad was the homemade polenta croutons.  They were hot and fresh out of the oven, and they were delicious.
Now for the main attraction...the pizza.
We ordered a small Smokey Treat pizza, which was Roasted chicken, bacon, green pepper, red onion, blue cheese, finished with smoked chipotle BBQ sauce and green onion.  After the salad, and with their pizzas being deep dish, the small was enough for the two of us.  I thought the pizza was good, but I wasn't wowed by it.  My date absolutely loves Midway's pizza, but I just wasn't feeling it. The crust was crispy, but lacked flavor.  The ingredients were good, but the chicken lacked flavor too.  I also think that the bottom line is just that I prefer a thin crust pizza, and I'm a purist.  I love a New York style, thin crust, pepperoni pizza.  That's my jam.
If you are into deep dish pizza, I'd probably recommend Midway due to the great atmosphere, great service, and good ingredients.  
I've heard that they have an all you can eat deal for $8 during the week.  That's a hell of a deal.Admittedly, I'm not a big fan of deep dish pizza, so if you are a fan of this style, Midway is probably worth a try. As a person who prefers regular and thin crust, however, I felt like the pizza at Midway was just like a slightly better Papa Johns. We tried two different pizzas, and they were fine and definitely edible, but not particularly memorable.
On the plus side, service was excellent, and I really enjoyed the beet salad.  I would consider going back just for the salad alone.One of the better pizza spots in New Orleans
Delicious deep dish pizza that is beyond filling
Decent salads
Good local beer menu
Pizzas take a bit of wait, but they are worth it
Can get fairly crowded/busy
Good location amongst newly revitalized Freret St.
Interesting, but disjointed decorNever having been to Chicago, I was totally unprepared for the featured Deep Dish Style Pizza.  I am a proponent of the Thin & Crispy Pizza because I much more appreciate the toppings as opposed to the crust.  I visited this location in pursuit of the "All You Can Eat" lunch special.  Unfortunately, I misread the sidewalk chalkboard advertisement, which is a really bad habit of mine when I'm hungry and in a hurry to grab a bite to eat.  The sign actually read that the lunch special was for "All You Can Eat Pizza + A Salad."  I misread the sign to mean that the lunch special was for all the pizza & salad you can eat.  You can just imagine my disappointment I when ordered more salad and discovered that the special was not for all the salad you can eat, but just all the pizza you can eat. The pizza was tasty enough, but the inch thick crust was overwhelming.
Along with one slice each of the Pepperoni Pizza and a slice of the Veggie Pizza, I had a House Salad.  The salad included Spring Mix Greens, Red Onions, Grape Tomatoes, Cheese Garlic Croutons and Champagne Vinaigrette Dressing.  Luckily for me and my tendency to fall off the wagon when it comes to sticking to a sensible diet, I couldn't eat another slice of pizza if I wanted too.  However, I sure wish that the scrumptious salad had been the all you can eat item.Had this for the second time since it opened and unfortunately will not be going back. Being from Chicago I respect the idea here but the pizza is poorly executed. The sauce is too tangy , the cheese is tasteless and the bread is just ok. A revamp of the pizza recipe would go a long way, because objectively the pizza is not very good.When I think of pizza and friends I think that f Midway. Alcohol and pizza. Most pizza joints require a BYOB OR the Alcoholic beverages is not really too desirable. But here at Midway they raised the bar. The expectations for typical pizza chill out place is pretty high here. I have the choice of getting a mixed alcoholic beverage with decent liquor choices. Dude I am on Cloud 9 right now! Not too mention the pizza choices are pretty good as well.  There's televisions, decent music selections, and the atmosphere of the place is really laid back. Not hipster and not dressy. Not casual but not naked bare back either. Look! Just right! I'll be back Friday to partake in Happy Hour and I will keep our yelpers posted!!!Alright, I've not done this dorm thing, so when I found myself staying in a dorm on a Tulane visit, I had to do the pizza delivery. On top of that I'm lactose intolerant, so you know, cheese-free pizza can be pretty hit or miss.
Oh holy hell, the deliciousness I just shoved in my mouth. Yes. So much yes. So very much yes.I live really close so I decided to walk here Monday afternoon for the lunch buffet special they run from 11:00 - 2:00 which includes unlimited pizza plus you choice of salad for $9.99. 
The interior is open, industrial, and fun with lots of cool artwork. They also have plenty of tables and booths so which ever floats your boat they will likely have that for you.
I am generally not a deep dish pizza person but Midway is making me seriously consider my loyalty to thin crust. This pizza was out of control. The options when I went was an all veggie and a pepperoni. Being a carnivore, I naturally went with the pepperoni. It was very generously topped and I loved the taste of the sauce, I can tell it's made in house, it was so freakin on point. 
I know it is a buffet but honestly, two slices of this pizza and 1/2 of the caesar salad and, like I told my server, "if I ate any more, I'd have to be rolled out" lol.
Overall this was a great experience, my server was friendly, attentive, and just a general rock star. I definitely recommend this place, the food was out of control delicious and I can't wait to come back again.If you're lucky enough to live in their delivery area- this is the place to order from... If you're a deep dish fan (which I am). 
I've had their specialty pizza (The Kingpin- coincidently the nearest bar to me) and built my own- both delivered (literally and figuratively). 
For example, a 14" with 8 or 9 toppings for $22.22 (plus delivery tip) that feeds 3- you can't go wrong.  
Also, their toppings are high quality, the crust is flavorful, and it's not overpowered by pizza sauce.Where do I begin...... yummy homemade deep dish pizza. You can taste the freshness. You truly should venture into the community to discover more good food and friendly atmosphere. My daughter and I ordered the Thunderbird pizza and ate to the tunes of good music and courteous service with a game of tic tac toe while waiting for our food.
Went back a second time and tried the Joehead pizza. It is the perfect combination of Italian sausage, bell pepper. Sweet onion and cheese. You have a choice of deep dish or thin crust. Come with an appetite and leave with a smile. Nice and cool, comfy environment. Parking is on the street or they will validate if you park in the Bloomingdales lot. This is a nice place for a friendly date, hang out with friends and family. Children are welcomed.Best pizza in town. Some interesting sides. Quality ingredients, down to the crust. Typical pricing. Drink selection is pretty big, good local options. Clean and comfortable. Plenty of seating. Parking is never much of a hassle. I have experienced expedient service and polite, friendly staff with every visit. Their website is user friendly and placing orders over the phone is no problem.
For me, Midway has been a good place to take picky eaters visiting NOLA and my favorite spot for pizza in the city.Agree its not as good as Pizza Uno, but it is good deep dish pizza. Service was friendly.Another gem on Freret St!! They have a lovely house salad with would you believe - polenta croutons (YUM!!) and a Champagne  mustard vinaigrette!!! delish!!! we got the Slim Harpo Pizza with added artichoke hearts - yum!!! It's not a thin crust pizza - it's not too thick either!!
Great service! Nice big place - a well stocked bar - big TV's all around (not huge though - so not intrusive!! )
Really enjoyed it & am looking forward to gonig back!!I ordered take out and The pizza was okay but definitely not worth the 35$ for one pie, the 5 cherry tomatoes on the pizza cost 3.50 alone!We had a group of four in for dinner recently, two of us visiting from out of town. The deep-dish pizzas are delicious and filling - be sure to come with an appetite! The specialty pizzas are great, with unique combinations - my fave (so far) is the Thunderbird with chicken, ham, caramelized onions, and other good stuff. The Kingpin with meatballs and parmesan is also really good. You can build your own pizza from a long list of toppings, which was good for the vegetarian in our group. The small pizzas are enough to feed one really hungry person, but most likely you'll have some to take home, especially if you order appetizers or salad, too. 
Don't overlook the salads! There's a nice variety of options - we had three at our table, all with super fresh ingredients. The baby spinach is yummy with bacon, egg, and blue cheese. If you like beets, don't miss the BYT salad, with oranges and goat cheese - an unexpected treat for a pizza restaurant. The caprese salad, made with grape tomatoes and fresh mozzarella, can easily be shared.
Service was friendly and attentive. The space is long, with the bar at one end, an open kitchen at the other, and floor-to-ceiling windows along Freret Street. We'll definitely be going back.Pizza and service was excellent. The owner was very friendly, he stopped by the table several times to make sure we had everything we needed. He even have free ice cream to the kids.Top notch deep dish pizza, and I've had it all over the world, including in Chicago. Quality sauce, crust that's chewy and substantial but not heavy... We got the Margherita to go with extra fresh mozzarella and damn near ended up needing our stomachs pumped since we didn't want to stop eating. 
On top of that, the staff really took great care of us. Couldn't be happier - we can't wait to have the full on-site dining experience!Yummy pizza and appetizers. Had a deep dish pizza with anchovies and it was delicious and we also had pigs in a blanket that were freshly made and warm when they came out. Can't wait to be back again.I will definitely have to dine in here soon, because this review is on their take out. DELICIOUS pizza and nice salad. It hit the spot. The sauce hits your mouth perfectly and the crust is just YUM and perfect. Maybe I was hungry, but I thoroughly enjoyed that pizza. Eat it in good company, and it will taste even better.Great, great pizza!  We're from Chicago and were at the Milan Lounge (Cubs dive bar in NOLA!) watching the Cubs win the World Series.  Midway delivered pizza to us.  It was fantastic, with thick crust that Chicago pizza lovers appreciate!LOVE!!!!
Shocking that I haven't written a review for Midway Pizza yet, after at least three visits. I think I might have been in too much of a happy haze when leaving that it totally slipped my mind.
So I grew up eating NY Pizza. It's in my blood to either shun the thick crust, or, like a child who is deprived of sugar, fall head first into the candy bin the first chance she gets... or make that the deep dish. Yep. 
You're not going to hear any quibbles from me as far as "true" Chicago-style deep dish or not. Whatever the hell this is, it's friggin' good, OK? I love that the staff sort of warn you when your eyes are too big for your stomach. At lunch, I had every intention of ordering my own small pizza and was practically laughed out of the booth. Especially when I admitted that I don't really like leftovers. 
But Midway doesn't only shine when it comes to pizzas. Their salads are fucking phenomenal!! Those polenta croutons are just outstanding... the tastiest croutons ever (I rarely get excited about croutons). If you're looking to keep it light, you can't go wrong with just ordering a salad in here because you won't be regretting it when your friends' laden with cheese, sauce and toppings pizzas hit the table (OK, that might be a lie, so get a salad and share some pizza).
Meat lovers: the menu is dominated with pies that would tempt even this vegetarian. 
Vegetarians: there are many options for you, too. Lovely combos of veggies and sauces. I like to make my own because I'm 
I've been for lunch, an early dinner and then a late dinner. Nice late night crowd there and a fun crowd at night. I pretty much didn't want to leave. I mean, late night pizza while you sip wine into the midnight hour? Sign me up.
PS. I feel like it's no coincidence that I see the awesome owner, Steve, all over town. It's like this message from god that I need to come back and get some pizza here, soon.I'm not generally a fan of Chicago-style pizza but I really like Midway. The salads are a very decent size and the pizzas are delicious. It's never too crowded and it's never empty so that's a good sign for a newer restaurant.Eh, it was just OK.  It's definitely deep dish pizza, but not the Chicago style I'm used to.  The toppings were good, but for what I paid, I definitely expected more toppings on the pizza.  Everyone in the place was friendly, which was nice.  During the week, they have an $8 lunch buffet which includes a salad plus all the pizza you want, which I will definitely hit up at some point, but for now, I'll continue going to Pizza Delicious.Midway is getting its sea legs.  Last night I visited for a 3rd go with the express intent of drinking pitchers of beer and watching the game; I personally was doing more of the former, because well, sports schmorts.  Not to be too curmudgeonly - - - 
But it hit me!  Midway at this hour (Saturday night) has an identity that is immistakable.  It's a restaurant and bar that is frankly more bar, and thank goodness.  The biggest a-ha is the pitcher.  Cure *might* show the game but it ain't a beer pitcher drinkin' bar, and Company Burger shows the game and sells beer, but not pitchers.  And if you're married to Freret like yours truly then Midway is the spot.
I nibbled on one of the specialty pizzas that a table mate ordered, and it was very good.  BUT!  I stand by my original review that a buffet should be representative of a menu, not it's own separate offering.  The dough this go was improved in being less dense, and the crust was more of a dry bread stick with the same 2D profile, no zing.  Still waiting on the zing, even a tiny poof would suffice.  For now its simply bready.
Two positives: (1) Andygator is still in the draft lineup and hopefully will remain there.  (2) And Steve came over to our table to see how things were and brought us some pigs in blankets to test out on us.  Like most successful business owners Steve is very hands on and present.
At this point I'm looking forward to more Midway more often.Bummed. Seemed like a cool place, but the deep-dish pizza was boring, with a dry crust. Also, clearly asked for no bacon on my salad, which arrived with bacon. 
The re-salad would have been awesome, bacon or no, but for the incredibly bland single tablespoon of grade-A Meh Dressing. Don't think I'll be coming back.I love this place.  The service is great and the food is marvelous.  They have great salads (spinach and house are my favorite) with extremely generous portions, yummy appetizers, and wonderful pizza.  I've taken all kinds of groups there (college students, family from out of town, close friends) and everyone has been happy with it.  Also, the prices are very reasonable, so you get a lot of bang for your buck.The word is "yum."
The first night I went to Midway, my group sauntered in somewhat late.  Turns out they were out of pizza.  This reminded me of the time I was in Memphis during Hurricane Gustav and we went to a Mrs. Winner's to get fried chicken for Labor Day only to be told they were out of chicken.
But I digress.  Either of these things should inspire a double take, a spit take, or a double spit take, but it happened to be Midway's second night of business, so the faux pas was understandable, and the manager was kind enough to buy us a pitcher of Andygator (which we in no way demanded or expected - we had already sat down and ordered two pitchers).
The second time, my wife and I stopped in for a pizza date.  I feel like this is the pizza place we've been looking for: premium, American style pizza with a robust, stand-up sauce, well constructed toppings, and generous portions.  We ordered a pizza that was new to the menu that night - I forget the name, but it came adorned with roasted green chile, chorizo, and cotija - and it was so satisfying that I would have eaten my entire half, had my wife not given me the look.  (Spoiler alert: I ate the last piece of my half for breakfast the next day)
Bottom line based on both my experiences thus far: super tasty pizza (oh, and our salad was great too), kind and speedy service, cold beer, and some much needed variety in Freret Street's Gentrification Row.My Mrs. and I stumbled across this place after letting our cabin fever get the better of us with tropical storm Lee raining all weekend canceling our plans for the weekend. And I am very happy we did.
Great place away from the crowds. Awesome crowd and friendly staff and ownersI'm kind of a pizza slut. I like to switch it up as often as possible, just to see what else is out there. While I have my favorite places, I will try almost any place once. I'm certainly glad that I tried Midway.
The pizza here is not the same as the deep dish that I've had in Chicago, but honestly I was happy about that since I didn't really care for that style. This pizza has a golden, delicious, thick pan crust that just sops up all the tasty goodness of whatever your little heart desires in toppings. There is a great selection to personalize your pie and the cost doesn't get outrageous for the person who wants tons' o toppings. 
Also the house salad has a delicious champagne mustard dressing and polenta croutons. Yes, polenta croutons (don't knock it til you try it). 
While no one pizza place can ever tie me down, Midway has a ample slice of my heart.I came here with high hopes, which perhaps was my downfall.  I appear to be in the minority here, but I didn't find anything about their pizza that really wowed me.  Don't get me wrong - I liked it, and if I lived by it I would be visiting again.  You can tell they use fresh ingredients, and the service was excellent.  While I put it leagues ahead of places like Pizza Hut, if I want pizza I think I'll still head to either slice or pizza delicious.
As a side note: the salad was awesome.Definitely not real Chicago deep dish as they don't even know anything about the sauce on top but it's nat a bad pizza none the less. The crust is tasty toppings are tasty but let down because it just didn't live up to perceived hype. For some reason my pizza came out luke warm and then when I asked them to put it back in the oven they gave me a song and dance about it. Nice one time try but never again. My friend from Chicago says Thats Amore in Metairie has traditional Chicago deep dish which will probably be the next stop on my pizza tour.Wonderfully laid-back and comfortable atmosphere, great service.  The head chef came from Commander's Palace, and it shows.
The baby spinach salad with applewood bacon, egg, gorgonzola, toasted onions with a red onion marmalade vinaigrette: 5 stars
Had 1/2 Kingpin (housemade meatballs, carmelized onion, shaved parm., green onion)  and 1/2 # 18 pizza (pepperoni, sausage, mushroom, spanish onion, green pepper-) both were great, I liked the Kingpin better- fresh, abundant toppings, great texture- perfect deep dish.
Great experience beginning to end- definitely going back.AMAZING! From the service to the food! My boyfriend and I randomly found this spot yesterday for our anniversary after the original place we chose didn't work out. We were seated almost immediately after walking in and our waitress met us at our table ready to greet us & take our orders. She was super helpful with menu questions and even offered to make me a drink not on the cocktail menu because I didn't care for their pre-made drink menu! (The drink was so good I ordered another). My boyfriend got the buffet style pizza bar they do on weekdays. He got to order a salad and go up to the bar as much as he wanted! I ordered a build your own pizza that was cooked to order. EVERYTHING was delicious. We couldn't get over how good this place was!! We will definitely be back and will recommend them to anyone looking for good, decently priced food Uptown!I don't typically write reviews on Yelp. In fact, I'm an incredibly selfish Yelper. I read reviews on a weekly basis, and never actually write them.  But I felt compelled to write a review about my experience at Midway tonight.  It was our first time here and it will be our last. The restaurant itself is nice, new, clean.  The staff was just fine.  However...to put it simply: the pizza is not very good. It's a poor attempt at deep dish and it misses the mark. When the main attraction is pizza, and the main attraction doesn't deliver (no pun intended, but made me smirk) , it means I won't be returning. I realize this place is favorably reviewed on the whole.  So to be fair, there must be people that enjoy their pizza to be very heavy (it's literally heavy) on the dough, and not so flavorful on the toppings.  When I first moved here last year, I did not expect to find good pizza (I'm from the northeast).  But, believe it or not, New Orleans has several options for VERY good pizza. In my opinion, this just isn't one of them.