Very fresh, wonderful selection. Great lunch for a reasonable price. Place is small but the sushi is delicious!I would always go here with family for special occasions and I always enjoy the food. I enjoy the different selections that they have. I am never disappointed when I go hereI went here for a quick lunch yesterday, and am so sad to write this bad review! The wait staff was helpful and friendly, but the food was awful.
I started with a sake margarita, which tasted nothing like a margarita and everything like watered down sake on ice. 
I then ordered the miso and the Sex and the City roll, and they brought out a free "salad" that consisted of rice noodles, a slice of cucumber, two carrots and 80% mayonnaise. Hey- I'm a mayo fan... But this was basically mayo soup.
Onto the roll. When they brought it out I was pretty surprised - it looked like they used an entire pack of faux crab meat, mixed it with a jar of mayo, and plopped it on top of a really badly rolled sushi roll. None of the pieces were consistent sizes and were pretty hard to eat as they were soggy from the mayo drenched crab. 
All in all, the best part was the powdered miso soup. :(This review is mostly based on price and service, I don't really "know sushi".
The udon soup was great. 
My friend and I split a Maki plate and a Chicken Katsu.
The Katsu was great, moist and light and flaky. Perfect tempura.
The california roll was great with the spicy sauce. And I think real crab meat. The snowcrab roll was good but not really my taste I think. My friend enjoyed it.
Servers were good and we were in and out quick.I order a lot of food because i am nocturnal.  
Sometimes, because perhaps of the tender evening hours i am ordering from, i get second rate fish.  Bad cuts.
If you cannot tell the difference, it doesn't matter.  I can.
And here's  the biggest problem i have with this restaurant:  Racism.
"Mei dan mei dan!"  They just don't like black people.
that said, the salads are all delicious.My favorites here are the Chef's Special Roll, Mango Roll, BBQ Yellowtail Roll,Uptown Roll, South Carrollton Roll, Escolar Carpaccio, Seared Scallops, Baked Scallops, Squid Steak, and the Beef Negimaki.
If you are feeling super indulgent, try the Tempura Cheesecake w/ a scoop of Ice Cream.Love Mikimoto.  Staff is great and sushi fresh.  I love that they remember me and treat me so well.This is my fave. Japanese restaurant in New Orleans.  And this is the one place where my friends and I constantly go to!
Very small place with about 10 tables.  Sushi rocks.  Rice paper roll is the Japanese alternative for the Vietnamese spring roll.  It's great and very clean tasting with the tuna, crisp vegetables, and dipping sauce.  Excellent!  
But as for appetizers go, try the tofu steak.  SOoooOO GOOOOD! All I have to do is order the tofu and rice paper roll and I am set!  
Try the Fried Cheesecake for dessert!!!Great food!  Too bad the help doesn't qualify as great. I went in last week to pick up a to go order and the restaurant was busy. I couldn't make eye contact with anyone for help initially. I noticed a tall, bearded man against the back area.  His arms were crossed across his chest.   Our eyes met and I asked him if he could help me see which of the many to go bags and boxes was mine.  He straight up ignored me.  Gave me a shoulder shrug as of to say, "you're on your own, lady."  Even if it was not his job, he was on a break, even if he wasn't clocked in, he could've said "I'm sorry, we'll get to you as soon as we can."  Nothing!  He is the reason for 3 stars.  The food is great, please work on customer service!Chinese own place. Dog Shit on a plate type of feelI really like this place.  The sushi is great.  I had the NOLA roll.  It's a salmon roll with baked mussels on top.  It so was delicious.  I, also, had the eel roll.  For me it's hard to mess that up, so I thought it was good.  The atmosphere was great and the staff was nice.  I don't like the parking and the fact that there is a drive thru is kinda weird but the food is great.Mikimoto is the best place to come if you're craving for sushi. The vibe is great as well as the service. I recommend the NOLA roll. Ask for Daniel as your server, he's the sweetest & attentive!A nice and small sushi area that I would love to come again too. Service was good, food was great. And everything was also at reasonable price.The go-to place for sushi whenever I'm craving and in Mid-city. All the fish are fresh, and the complimentary noodle salad is my favorite! The best roll I had here is the Wholly Roll. Before people say it's kind of pricey, the roll pieces are pretty big and filling.. I could barely fit one whole piece in my mouth. The baked mussels is also pretty good. You know what? I believe everything on the menu is flavorful. The restaurant even has a drive-thru! What sushi restaurant do you know that has one? So convenient for to-go orders! I love this place. If you ever hesitate on going here? Don't, 'cause you'll definitely like it.No plastic food display out front or hot towels offered when you sit down (Japan-lovers you know what I'm talking about), but otherwise you will feel like you are in a standard Japanese-mall restaurant (in a good way).
Food was reasonably priced, served right.  My wife had sashimi that was fresh and served fast.  I wasn't feeling fishy so I had the yakiudon and it was a little on the sweet side - but hot and very good.
Service was fast, efficient, and friendly.
This place is not "New Orleans-y" (no outdoor seating, and this area of town is rather boring and not "walkable") - but if you want good Japanese food, fast, and well-priced - this should be on your short list.Used to live a few blocks away and could walk over so I have eaten here a lot. I love the inexpensive lunches that you can add sushi.  The food is always fresh and well done. Once I got 2 lunches to go and did a picnic with a friend via my Vespa to the Fly at Audubon Park. A nicely packed lunch for a picnic in a great spot. Stop in, lunch is good, dinner is large, I have never been able to eat the whole thing.Mikimoto is my favorite sushi bar in New Orleans. The service is always exceptionally great. The food is delicious.  My favorite is the Chef Special Sashimi salad and the salmon skin roll.   The servers are so helpful and kind.This is the best sushi restaurant I have ever been to. The sashimi was cut perfectly and the rice paper rolls were delicious. Our waiter Wayne was great and very attentive. The other staff was very helpful also. Restaurant is very clean and relaxing. Owner was very polite making sure everything was fine. Will definitely make this our favorite place to go.A haven for all Xavier students when stress finds a way to create a sushi craving, Mikimoto never disappoints. 
I have come here a handful of times with my classmates, and I have never actually chosen things on the menu to order. Things appear on the table and I eat them. There's nothing I've tried that I didn't like, although some things I tried I loved more than others.
The raw fish plates are amazing. The escolar is perfectly cut and served in a delicious (ponzu?) sauce. The fish is perfect. 
There's another raw fish fish that's served with thin slices of jalapeño on top. I definitely recommend that for those who enjoy spicy. The jalapeño is fresh and brings a true kick. 
Two salads that have raw fish in them and both are great as well. One salad actually has lettuce and is served in a huge portion - perfect for sharing.
The yaki udon is the only thing I don't care for - they load it with wayyyyy too much cabbage to make it seem full. It's not fantastic for sharing but it's okay if it's just a couple. 
The Yaki Maki roll is good, Mango Mania is also good. These are names that I've remembered, but I'm not sure what the names of the other rolls are. 
The only sushi restaurant I know that has a drive thru to pick up to go orders . 
Also, they serve plum wine. Yay!They deliver!! Always fresh and always delicious. Great customer service and our order is always correct. Some of our favorite rolls are the wholly roll, chef special roll, crunchy dynamite roll and I could name a ton more. Highly recommend themI LOVE YOU MIKIMOTO!! My king, my night in shining armor! I have missed you so much!!
Your sushi is always fresh and consistent. I've been missing you since moving back to Austin.  The sushi here at Mikimoto is just perfect. The price is right and so are the portions. Who can turn down $1 sushi by the piece! Come on - it doesn't get better than that. 
I had salmon, hamachi, maguro, scallop a Special Crunchy Roll and a Crunchy Dynamite Roll. All of which were made fast and just pleasantly fresh. 
I don't know what it is but Austin doesn't have sh*t on Mikimoto! 
Open one up here and I promise to go at least once a week. 
Sayonara Mikimoto!!Love this place! The service is wonderful, always happy, friendly servers. The rolls are fresh and delicious! I orders to go once and went inside. By he time I paid the sushi was done even though they were extremely busy. Fast but still amazing quality!I have been ordering from mikimoto for years. The sushi is decent for delivery. However, I won't be ordering from this establishment ever again. I ordered mikimoto with a group of co-workers last week. Later that evening, I noticed my debit card was double charged. Thinking this was a misunderstanding and would be an easy fix I called and spoke to the manager who was nothing but rude and argumentative. Not only did he not fix my bill but he fought with me endlessly over the issue. This has happened to other co-workers so I always make sure to check my bank account whenever I deal with mikimoto. I advise others to do the same.Ghetto sushi at it's finest. If you want mayonnaise soaked ingredients that you can't identify, this is the place for you.LOVE this!  Noodle salad is a must.  I usually get 2 when I order delivery for myself, because I always want more the next day.  Kimi Naruto roll is divine, and contains no rice if you're into that.  Another carb-free item is the jalapeno Hamachi.  It is a MUST if you like spice.  It's the most perfect bite of food.  They deliver to most areas of the city, which is totally clutch.This place was awful!! My friends and I had a rude server who delivered poor service, and food was disgusting.  I had to ask the non-busy server that my table needed refills four times and he told ME to hold on... Wow!  We ordered alcoholic beverages that took TWENTY minutes to hit the table, and it was just sake....I ordered tofu with steamed veggies and it had no flavor whatsoever; I took two bites, added some salt and pepper, but I still did not like it. 
 I told the server it was terrible and he tried to tell me that it was just my preference and he couldn't take it off of the check..... Ummm.  Who does that?  After persistently explaining to him of how gross it was, he waited about ten minutes to come back and say that he can take it off.  
I nearly lost it after that moment.  I am a server, too, and if I said that to a guest, I would get fired!  He never took the now cold and limp veggie entrée off of the table or offered me another entrée.  He made us calculate our checks because half of us had debit cards, and after ten minutes he told us he can separate the bill.  I do not recommend this place to anyone.  I have never delivered bad service or received bad service at a restaurant before.  There are far better places to enjoy friendly service and tasteful Asian cuisine.  10/10 do not recommend.Love me some Mikimoto. Seriously good, and I can't remember a time thinking it wasn't fresh. While I would love to say I frequent here- that would be untrue because not only to they deliver ($15 before tax) they have a DRIVE-THRU! And it's freaking awesome- most times I call ahead, jump in my car and 10-15 min later when I arrive my sushi is ready! The delivery is also relatively fast during busy times. I don't think I've ever waited more than 45 min. So if you live uptown and you're a lazy sushi-loving bum, this is the place for you. 
I enjoy the tuna tataki salad and snow crab salad. The snow crab doesn't come with siracha, but I highly recommend (unless you have a bottle already in your fridge!).  The rainbow, mango, violet, metairie, and rice paper rolls are a few of my go-to rolls. I think the only thing I have ever been disappointed with was the red dragon rolls- just didn't work out for me!I love, love, love Mikimoto (as you can obviously see by the number of my check ins here!) I never was really a big fan of sushi until I tried this place. I swear I fell in love with their food. Everything I tried so far is delish and I even try to come here as often as I can! Their fried cheesecake is to die for. The staff is very friendly & attentive, and the mood in this place is really calm, not so much as to being rowdy.Great sushi and yaki soba noodles. They even have a drive thru. Only problem are there isn't much parking space and seating inside isn't very big.Good enough for New Orleans sushi. Everything could use salt. Creative apps, mango roll is nice. I'll be back for sure.I love sushi. I love mikimoto, and have loved it for about 6 years now. Mikimoto is the best and I know many others who agree!When my boyfriend and I sat down, it did not seem like the waitstaff was interested in taking  our order. The ginger salad was also quite pitiful. I suggest going to basically any other Japanese restaurant to get better service and better food. This place was a disappointment.I'm the furthest you can get from being s sushi snob. Hell, I usually buy sushi from the grocery. But I think this place's sushi was the most tasteless sushi I've ever eaten. It had no taste at all. The salmon sushi had a good color. However, the tuna looked very old and pale. I won't ever be returning here again.Ugh, I just wanted to love this place. It is a definite no in my book. The truly positive thing is that the slices of fish are fresh, tasty and huge. The downside was that the rolls just were not that good. I think this is a great go-to place for anything Japanese besides sushi. It felt like a real Japanese restaurant trying to interpret Americanized sushi. The service was ok. Honestly the girl who served us almost seemed annoyed that she worked there. When we arrived the place was empty. When we left it started to fill up, and the drive thru window had a line. It was a little strange to see a security guard posted at the door, but given the area it makes sense.The baked scallop which is a scalloped version of baked mussels with mushrooms is definitely a must try. The mayo, spice, butter, lemon combination all work well together and is just explosively delicious. I enjoy the mushrooms over the scallops because of it's unique texture.
I've tried a handful of rolls here (NOLA, Yellow Dragon, Mango Salmon, etc). For the most part I enjoyed them all. My only complaint is that the rolls are messy and break apart so easily. I prefer them to be rolled tighter. I don't like my rolls falling apart at all! 
Everyone talks about the yaki udon. Yeah, its good. But it just taste like a lot of BBQ sauce with some tang. I prefer the regular sauteed savory flavor.
The sashimi is pretty good and they usually have uni.Mikimoto was very good! If you're craving more of that special, modern sushi, Mikimoto is the place to be. I wouldn't recommend it for traditional sushi eaters, but they have a wide selection of Japanese entrees that you can choose from if you don't feel like eating sushi. Their desserts are good and the service was on point! Would come again!Food was ok but overpriced. Some things are labeled crabstick and others snowcrab, when in reality they are all crabstick. I know that sushi labeled snowcrab is usually crabstick, but thought that since both labels were on the menu they actually meant something! We also mentioned that we didnt want crabstick beforehand. They refused to refund me after the mix up, not coming again. Asuka is better, cheaper, and right down the street.Mikimoto is consistent and fairly priced, plus they deliver!!
Preferred rolls:
South Carrolton
Dynamite
Super Crunchy
Chef's choice
Crunchy
Also the sashimi appetizer is as good as any in New Orleans.  Like other sushi joints in town, they focus more an saucy complicated rolls rather than traditional Japanese sushi, and that is just fine with me.  Eating in is alright, but nothing special.  The take-out and delivery is always fresh and fast I get it about once a week.  I also think they are friendlier than Kyoto.Finally, I've eaten somewhere so horrifically bad that it compelled me to sign up for a Yelp account so that I have an appropriate forum in which to trash it.
The atmosphere and service, while nothing special, was fine. But I go to sushi places to eat sushi, which at Mikimoto went from difficult to impossible. We ordered four rolls: two of the smaller, more modestly priced rolls and two of the larger, $10+ rolls. All four arrived looking like crap, though I'd still have been ready to eagerly devour them if they tasted even vaguely like fresh fish or other such tastiness.
The salmon was way past its prime, inedibly so, and all the rest of the fish was mushy, warm and otherwise disgusting. That was enough to make it the grossest sushi order I've ever had, but beyond that, the rolls were just falling apart and virtually impossible to eat. And one of the more expensive rolls was sliced into four huge pieces: two of them impractically big, and the other two cartoonishly big. We managed to get the impractically big pieces in our mouths, and I suppose I should be thankful that they left us with no desire to even contemplate how to approach the other two. 
After a sad taste of each roll, we'd had enough. We declined the waitress' offer of a box, and she walked off with the half-full plates, never asking if it was OK. It was sort of a relief-- I hate the thought of complaining at a restaurant, and have never done it. I accept the gamble of trying new restaurants. This was the first time we ever seriously contemplated sending something back, but I can't imagine that doing so would make the fish any fresher or the rolls any more structurally sound.
I'm still grossed out and I'm never, ever going back.Best sushi in the city, always fresh and generously cut.Of the beaten path away from the touristy areas of NOLA, a small (only 12 tables) restaurant with good sushi.  Get there early (or late) because the parking lot is small. Always crowded during lunch, they even have a drive through window!  For the location, it is a fairly good representation of authentic Japanese sushi.
The owner and wait staff are Vietnamese, sushi chefs Chinese...they do a good job of presenting good sushi and other traditional Japanese cuisine.  Service is quick, efficient, and the staff are friendly.  My friend works close by so eats there almost daily.  On the first day, I had the chirashi (various sliced fish, shrimp, crab) on a bed of sushi rice.  Not bad - had better, but not bad.  I also ordered salmon skin salad - hmmmm...it was deep fried and NOT broiled, not good.  According to the owner, they deep fry because it is smoked salmon skin and not fresh salmon skin.  Texture and flavor is definitely better broiled.  My friend never tried salmon skin, commented that it was not bad, but I commented that it could have been better because the deep frying made it oily.
The second day, I tried the unagi (eel) - pretty good.  I also ordered (for my friend to try), baked tuna collar.  Pretty good tasting, but again, it would have tasted better if it was broiled and not baked.  
On both days, my friend dined on the same items, tuna roll with avocado, no rice, and an order of toro (which I also ordered for him).  He enjoyed all the items, even the fried salmon skin.  I enjoyed the main entrees, the appetizers, so-so.  They also serve a variety of Japanese biers (Sapporo, Kirin, and Asahi) as well as sake.  The sake selection is adequate, not good, but not bad.  We had the opportunity to try the tempura cheesecake for dessert - actually pretty tasty!   
So, overall, it is a good restaurant off the beaten path in NOLA.  Would I return?  Yes I would.Probably my favorite sushi in the city. Maybe a lot of that is because they deliver, but still, the food is delicious. Get the paradise roll. Just get it. It's delicious.The food here was delicious and the servers were very kind. The daily lunch special prices were super cheap & you get a decent amount ! The nigiri was really good. Had the Ikura, white tuna & yellowtail.Really really fresh and clean. I love getting sushi from there. Whether you order across the phone or in person, they always get the order out quick. Watch for prices you might end up spending more than you thought. But the prices are okay for what you're getting in my opinion.Mikimoto is one of those places that has actually improved through the ages. Think it's one of the few places that taste better post-Katrina than pre....
First off, 3 stars alone for delivering until 11 pm weekdays and midnight on the weekends. And the big delivery area. They go to places Domino's thinks is too shady. (Leaving my feelings of that policy for my Domino's review.) Once again, another reason to always support local businesses. 
Their sushi has been fresh and on-point lately. Dining in and delivery, the quality doesn't seem to change too much. 
Last night, I ordered the tempura udon and tofu steak. Udon portion was a good amount (even though they forgot my tempura sauce) but the tempura was ice cold. Noodles were steaming hot so I just dipped the tempura in the soup to warm them up. Still good. The tofu steak was also hot and tasted like it was fresh out of the fryer. Teriyaki sauce was thick and not watered down. 
Overall, I was pleased with my order. Especially when I was quoted a 45 min delivery time and it only took them 1/2 hour.Nothing too fancy and the service is usually lacking, but it's easily affordable, the food is amazing, and they deliver! I used to get delivery here twice a week because I'm lazy. the violet roll and the mango roll are my personal favorites. they even have drive thru takeout. Miki motor has been a favorite of mine and my friends for many years. Definitely a must try.Fantastic maki. Such friendly, considerate service -- they switched maki ingredients for my dietary limits. Perfect miso soup and good salad. I've been here twice and left totally satiated each time. Finally, it's a small restaurant with a cozy feel and they even have a drive-through!Quality fish, and that's the most important component. On top of great ingredients, the service is top notch. Will you be blown away with a fancy setting? No, but the generous servings of nigiri and the variety of rolls make Mikimoto a favorite. If you want second-rate fish served in a glitzy setting, there is another place for you. If you want consistent freshness with friendly and attentive staff then Mikimoto should be just right for you.This place had some very interesting and different choices for sushi. But on the particular day that we went, that was after some heavy rains, the place was really stinky like unfresh fish.  My daughter's expression and statement of how it really smelled bad was priceless but once we were inside for a while the smell subsided. The sushi on this particular was ok but I don't think I would visit this place again based on the first impression.Food is always delicious. I get anything from sushi to apps to dinners. Never had an ordering issue. One night it literally took 15 from order to delivery. I have no idea how they managed that. Never been inside. I always order for delivery. I'm a huge fan of Hoshun but they don't deliver here so I'm glad to have mikimoto. My fav roll is the deluxe roll. The mango rolls are great too. Try it all. Haven't disliked anything yet.What can I say about Mikimoto without ever stepping foot inside! Well first they deliver! Nothing is better than sushi delivered to my home while I put my feet up after a long day! The food is good and I am IN LOVE with their avocado tuna crab salad thing! The prices are very fair and the delivery minimum is low! I will def order from them again and soon!Best Sushi in New Orleans.  And very affordable.  Deliver EVERYWHERE...and you get your food fast.  Overall best sushi for the price.  They KNOW how to do the rice, which is an important thing people overlook.  Good cooked plates and apps too!A small spot introduced by a friend.  It's not the sushi that gets to me but their appetizer dishes.  The waitresses are nice on most part, its not your typical fancy sushi spot, but more of a casual place to get a quick bite.
My experience was so far so good except the last time I came by.  I ordered one roll and it ended up to be $15.00.  They extra charged me for the wrap because they couldn't fit the roll in the regular seaweed paper, and on the receipt said extra charge for tuna $2.00.  That's totally fine but at the end of that line was another $2.00 charge which didn't have a specification next to it.  I asked the waitress what it was for and she said the tuna so why wasn't it originally just $4.00 instead of $2.00 and an extra $2.00.  Anyways, she should have said how much the roll would cost since with all those extra charges.  Pretty ridiculous considering this is not that authentic sushi spot.  
These are the two things I only come for and the only things I will stick to next time.
--Baked Scallop (5/5) Scallops with enoki mushrooms topped with creamy spicy mayo.  Amazing.
--Noodle Salad (5/5) Very simple dish, regular noodles with cucumber, carrots, sesame seeds.  It has this mayo and sesame oil taste to it, but it goes great with the baked scallop.
Great quick place to grab a small bite for me, I would have given his place a 5 star if they would at least tell their customers the extra charges they give their customers.Really enjoyed my experience here! Sushi was fresh, absolutely did not disappoint food wise. Service did the job, but I wouldn't exactly call it friendly. I'd come back for sure for the food though. They had a security guard on duty the night we were there. That worries me a bit, but at least they had security?I just had a delivery from here. I have never actually been inside the restaurant. I am not impressed. I am befuddled by the five star reviews. 
I called two minutes after they opened so I was sure that I would get only the freshest ingredients. The delivery was prompt and the order was correct, but the sushi rolls were just...plain.  I used the California roll as the measure of quality since that is very simple and standard at all sushi places. They were hastily assembled and it showed. They were loose and falling apart. The cucumbers were just haphazardly arranged, some listing this way and others another direction.  
I know California rolls are basically a throw away, but if they didn't take care to even assemble that neatly, then how much care could they possibly take with the rest of the rolls? All of them looked sloppy. 
They had crammed everyone's order into one box, which was very annoying, but sushi is supposed to be social right?
Overall I can only say, "Meh, no thanks."You make my dreams come true. Thank you for having a drive thru and for always being there for me. Y'all the real homies! You have literally never disappointed me. I get so excited when I think about you and end up ordering way too much but I have no regrets!! THEY HAVE A DRIVE THRU!! And my order is always ready in 10-15 minutes no matter how much I order or what time of day it is!!! Love me back I'm literally crying I love you so muchHoly Mother of Ponzo Sauce Batman! I luuuuuuuuuurve sushi...so when I go some place for sushi for the first time, I come (unfairly) halfway expecting just a little disappointment. Mikimoto brought the A-game. The waiter was friendly, knowledgable, and very helpful in breaking down some of the menu items and helping us make choices. Sushi rolls were fantastic. I will be going back in the very near future.
Noodle Salad - Yes please. 
Dragon Roll -  Yes please.
Dante Roll - I needed a moment alone after these. Yes, that good.Where do I start, titanic very cheap for the portion . The cut of fish was fresh and on point. Little recommendation for the chef, if the beef tataki was torched with thinner slice it would be perfect add a salad to it underneath for presentation. Rolls I give them a 2/5 because the rolls were not formed perfectly where they just collapse. But overall I'm satisfied with the customer service. Everything else just need tweaking, like less sauce instead of drenching everything so it complements the food . :)I think I've decided to dub 2014 "the year of the re-review". I haven't been too good about posting re reviews and now that I am in my 4th year of Yelp-dom, I think it's only appropriate that I make it a point to re-review places that I haven't been to in a while or that have changed ratings. This review falls into both categories.
I hadn't been to Mikimoto in years when I decided to stop in for dinner. We were immediately seated and looking over the menu and there was a lot that sounded really good. I've made it a point to try the special rolls at sushi places, because I feel that this is where the restaurant and the sushi chef are really allowed to shine.
I decided on the Deluxe roll, the Crescent City roll and a California roll, just for good measure. I think the Deluxe roll was my favorite. It was a really big roll with cream cheese, snow crab, tuna, salmon, avocado and eel sauce on top. You really get a lot of flavor here, as well as a good "bang" for your buck. The Crescent City Roll- snow crab, spicy crawfish, tempura, avocado, green onion and shrimp was good, but it was definitely out shined by the Deluxe roll. The Cali roll was pretty typical and made for a nice small treat in between the big rolls.
Once again, the staff was really nice and friendly and the food was really good (no warm rolls this time). I will return and try more of the many rolls that they have to offer.I've been here about a dozen times and I always get the beef teriyaki (typical American, right?). The take-out is always very quick. I can't say the same for the delivery. I prefer this place over Hana, too.Interesting that they have a drive-thru.
Good, decent-priced sushi. Edamame was a little dry and oversalted but other than that, no complaints. Service was quick. They have your typical sushi rolls as well as some creative ones. It took a while to go through the menu though.I've been coming here for many years for sushi. Its actually the place where I tried sushi for the first time in my life -- many years ago. It has been consistently good. They get busy a lot so the service can be sub par sometimes but it doesn't bother me too much. This place is also really small... I'm still amazed how they can fit everything in. I really wish they'd expand but oh well.
Onto the food- I LOVEEEE their noodle salad. So addicting- I so wanna learn the recipe so I can make myself some anytime I want it. The sushi is great here. Has always tasted yummy. I really love the Mango Mania, but then again, I'm weird with liking mango and coconut with my sushi :) their baked salmon and yaki udon is also super yummy... Greasy, but yummy! They have the typical rolls you see at sushi restaurants, and then they have some unique stuff. All I've had has been good.
Check this place out!I've tried some basic sushi rolls here so you can't really mess up on that. I usually just get little things from here such as gyoza or seafood udon. I got the kimchi seafood udon one time and as happy as I was with the large serving size, it wasn't that great. It was extremely oily, very very spicy beyond the kimchi taste so it wasn't much for a favorite for me. My favorite for sure is the seafood udon with the soup. It's great for a cold day if you want something warm in your belly! The atmosphere inside is a bit small but quite cozy as well, the parking lot is a bit tricky and tight so watch out if you have a large car. This is definitely my go to sushi shop for after dinner cravings since they close later than other sushi places around the area! The staff is super sweet as well, very polite and checks up on your frequently.Last night I ordered the Beef Tataki and the Rainbow roll off of Postmates.  I was given an est. 35-45 minutes for delivery and both were prepared and out for delivery I would say in under 10 minutes. It got delivered in under 30 minutes. The Tataki was well packaged, with cellophane wrap around the container to prevent any spillage of the Ponzu sauce. It was a little peppery for my taste but I still really enjoyed it and would order it again.  The rainbow roll came in a seperate box and tasted amazing. I'll order from them again.The best sushi in new orleans. You can dine in or take out. They have a drive-through. 
The cons of this restaurant are that their parking lot is small n the building is small (fits about 50 ppl). So when its packed, you're out of luck bc you're going to have to wait until they have available seat. I just wished that they could expand the restaurant n parking lot.Here's another sushi place that I wouldn't go out of my way to go to, but the food wasn't too bad.  I've kind of made it my mission to try a new sushi place whenever I can.
When I went to this place, what immediately leaped out to me was how friendly the staff was.  We went kind of late, and they were about 30 minutes from closing, but they didn't shoot us away or rush us.  The food was good...typical sushi.
The one thing that kind of gave me pause...I ordered a roll that is normally served kind of cool.  Well, they had just finished making the rice for it, so when I popped it into my mouth it was warm...and I was expecting it to be cold.  I don't know, I just remember that as being as jarring experience.  LOL.  
I'd definitely go back.My boyfriend and I are regulars here and we absolutely love this place! Food is great and staff is wonderful.This is not always the best sushi but this place generally gives you a great deal of quantity and they have some great lunch and dinner specials.  This is never my first choice when in the mood for sushi but I occasionally stop in when I'm in the area.  It sort of has a fast food ambiance about the place as they have a drive up menu.  I have often been amazed at the quantity of food I've gotten at times here so this place can be a good value.Great lunch deals and speedy service. The sashimi lunch special is a great treat on a hot NOLA summer day. The salad and miso soup are good (even if very standard), and the slices of fish are generous for the price.I get delivery from here, and it's very good! The sushi is fresh and good quality, and the lunch special portions are generous. I've ordered tempura twice and like the fact that they take care with the packaging (they perforate the top so the steam vents and it stays crispy). My BF doesn't do raw fish so he gets the salmon teriyaki, and it comes w steamed broccoli and a nice piece of fresh cantaloupe...it's not easy always easy finding healthy food in New Orleans so it's nice change to get such a balanced option.This is my ultimate favorite spot for sushi in the city! The fish is always fresh and taste is very consistent. Very affordable. 
Must Try:
Chef's Salad Special, Grilled Yellowtail Neck, Baked Seafood, Deluxe Roll, Tempura ice cream.By far the best, moat consistent Japanese restaurant in the neighborhood.  Prompt, friendly delivery, too.This is an upper 3.5-stars review. Ten+ years ago I would come here once a week. It was my first favorite sushi place. The food was consistent and fresh, and the service was great. Today I tried it again for the first time in maybe 6-7 years. The service was as good as I remember it and the noodle salad was just as awesome. I think though, that I was a little bit sad that *everything* was the same as it used to be right down to the same green mints in a basket as you walk out the door. I didn't see any changes or additions to the menu I used to have memorized with my undergrad buddies and the decor was exactly the same. New Orleanians love tradition to be sure, but I wonder if some of the stagnancy means that the owners/management have lost their zest for running the place? I could be entirely wrong- maybe they're just doing what works for them. 
PRICING: The prices are still good (great even) in comparison to the sushi places I frequent in/near the Quarter. 
FOOD: We had the salmon teriyaki lunch with pan fried rice and a house salad, crunchy rolls, veg tempura, noodle salad, and a Boston hand roll.  The salmon was great and I usually hate salmon. We enjoyed all of it (though the tempura was a bit overdone) very much but none of it made me want to come back to MidCity for another go at it any time soon. Overall it was GOOD, but not great. 
SERVICE: Excellent. We were there between meal-times so there were only a few other tables. They had several pick-up/delivery calls while we were there, so I was glad to see that keeps them busy :-)our server 301 chuong L. (on receipt) we had on Mar 30 '13 was beyond good.
We came in late one evening, had a reservation and were a party of 12.
The food was really good. The seaweed salad was the biggest and best we'd had ever.
The rolls were creative, fresh and delicious. No complaints. 
Our server was awesome. He gave us separate checks with the standard eye roll of most waiters and was so attentive.
We had a few kids and teens and waiter was patient, friendly and overall excellent.
That alone will keep us going back again and again.
Thank you Mikimoto!I don't even know about how the sushi is, considering I was told they would deliver in 20 minutes and I waited over an hour and still no delivery. The woman on the phone continued to lie and say that she was told the order was for take out, even though we said deliver and provided and address and directions. Not acceptable. Will not order from here againVery good sushi restruant. The only complaint I have is that the parking lot is very small and a truck can barely park there. I love how they have a take out drive thru window. Very convenient. The sushi is great. I love anything with salmon in it.Love the sushi here. Very fast and friendly service.This restaurant is a good option if your other sushi spot is closed or too busy. I have visited a few times and been underwhelmed with the quality of the ingredients. One great aspect of this restaurant is the delivery that they offer in the city. Unfortunately, they refuse to deliver to my house even though I am simply 4 blocks away from the restaurant. I am assuming that they are considering it a "rough area" but it is not much different than the rest of the city. When I asked them why they would not deliver they said they just don't. 
I will probably go back if I'm out of options but otherwise will not visit again.One of the great sushi places in town. Every roll I've tried is elegantly presented and tastes equally as good. I usually start off with some edamame and vegetable broth soup, and try various rolls on the menu. I'm of the pescatarian persuasion so most of the rolls I've tried were seafood based. Of those, I can vouch for all.
Mikimoto can be a bit pricey but you get what you pay for. Highly recommend if you're looking to satisfy your Japanese cuisine craving.One of my favorite lunch sushi spots. Sashimi is always fresh and a great value compared to other Japanese restaurants around Nola! Of you're looking for some great sushi at a good value, you can't go wrong with Mikimoto!this is the worst quality fish and sushi i have ever had the displeasure of eating. the cuts of sashimi are just wrong, they use dyed ginger, and the seaweed is tough and chewy.
a+ for the hot sake and ice waterMy first love in sushi... 
If you frequent this place, your name will not be forgotten by the owners who are omnipresent.
Their labor of love to this establishment is evidenced by their unyielding presence. They are always excited to see you if you frequent the place and always make recommendations or are even willing to customize anything per your request.
Their noodle salad is so simple, but... WOW, so tasty.
Favorite Rolls:
Busy Roll
Double Dragon Roll (Dragon + S. Carrolton rolls - presentation is awesome)
Tuna Avocado boat (appetizer)
Rock n' Roll
Utah Roll
The list goes on and on at this place, and if you only like sushi pieces, then take your time and enjoy them slowly because at $0.99 ea for dine in, you can't go wrong.We went on a whim after driving and my sister remembered going there years ago. 
We had the crunchy roll and salmon skin roll. They were both delicious and a great price. Our total was $16 before tax for the rolls and 2 sodas
My sister said it tasted just how she remembered and couldn't stop smilingMango mania and jalapeño madness are my favorite!!! Such good sushi. This is my go to place to order from.Wanted to try a new place, decided to give this place a try.  Didn't really have any parking with small parking spaces.. Clean inside with friendly staff, we had the following:
- Baked Salmon - it was mediocre, not really up to par with other sushi places
- Baked Scallop - really fatty and buttery, so fatty and buttery I couldn't eat it..
- Baked Yellowtail Neck - this was mediocre, nothing special
- Beef Tataki - was cut way too thick, and there was not enough acidity
- Escolar Carparcio - probably the highlight of my dinner, fresh and delicious
- Jalapeño Hamachi - refreshing, but nothing compared to the carparcio
- Rock'n Roll - Two tempura shrimp, snow crab and avocado inside seaweed & rice with smelt roe outside and BBQ eel sauce on top - your basic Rock'n Roll, good as always
- Shrimp Tempura Roll - Two tempura shrimp, cucumber and avocado inside seaweed & rice with smelt roe outside and BBQ eel sauce on top - pretty decent roll too
- Uptown Roll - Salmon, red snapper, snow crab, asparagus, and cream cheese inside seaweed, tempura battered and fried with BBQ eel sauce and pink sauce on top - probably my favorite roll that day, pretty delicious 
Overall, not a bad experience, but I don't think this would be my go to sushi place.It had been a few years since we had made it by here and we were pleasantly surprised at the renovations. They kicked it up a notch and upgraded menu items. The escolar carpaccio with olive oil and ponzu, red onions, and capers has to be one of my favorite dishes in New Orleans. We love the sesame mayo noodles amuse bouche. The sushi is always fresh and tasty.Just spent $30 on sushi delivery. All of the sushi tasted and felt like it had been sitting out for a while. I got the tropical roll (which has coconut shrimp in it...which is an ingredient I often get in my sushi at different restaurants) and the shrimp tempura was cold and hard like it has been sitting out. Same with the appetizer of crab tempura. I didn't eat but one piece of the $14 roll, it was just so bad :(Delicious. Absolutely delicious. My girlfriend and I have been looking for good sushi and we have finally found it!
We ordered the edamame and snow crab salad as our appetizers.
They came out quickly and were delicious!
My girlfriend ordered the snow crab Naruto and the Turner Maki. The snow crab Naruto was filled with plenty snow crab and was wrapped tightly! Best Naruto she's ever had! The Turner Maki was a little strange has there is a beef strip over the sushi that surprisingly went well together.
I ordered the soft shell crab with rare beef teriyaki.
The beef was cooked to perfection! The soft shell crab roll was also delicious! Both of my dishes had plenty of flavour! The only downside was the amount of teriyaki sauce on the steak. It was very over powering, but I'll get it on the side next time.
The service was spectacular and the restaurant has a nice and vibrant staff. 
Definitely will return!Pretty good. The raw fish rolls are great. The cooked rolls, however, are too big. I'm a huge fan of rock'n'rolls, and this one tasted like it would be good, but when you have to take two bites of one rolls, it sort of kills the experience. 
The miso is great, so is the tempura cheesecake. 
Overall, I would definitely go back, but I will stick to raw rolls in the future.This is THE BEST SUSHI in Nola!! If you want great sushi and the freshest fish, this is it!! They deliver all the way to the quarter.  Outstanding!Thankfully this is my local sushi place. The neighborhood is a bit sketch but I order delivery a lot since it is so close. I love that the tempura is crunchy even when it gets to me- they take the time to punch holes in the lid so the steam can escape. Attention to detail, yes! 
We ordered $90 of sushi for 3 ppl one night and polished it off. The ginger/carrot salad dressing is good enough to drink. I may or may not have done that at home. When I've gone there the staff is attentive and very nice. Great place!Best sushi you'll find in New Orleans. But that isn't necessarily saying much. 
I've ordered delivery here a bunch of times and everything is good, just not great.I'm drooling thinking about. Try everything. And they deliver sometime too quickly but it hot and fresh I try to order vegan or vegetarian but it's all great.In my opinion, the best sushi you can get in New Orleans!  I've moved away from NOLA now but still crave some of the items the way they prepare it here...
Their rainbow roll is the best out of any that I've had at any other sushi restaurant anywhere.  I also highly recommend their squid salad and creamy noodle/cucumber salad.I recently tried this place with a friend and I was thrilled. The restaurant has a cool-comfortable vibe a when you sit down they bring you a hot towel which I thought was a nice touch. 
The menu is very large and it took us a little while to decide what rolls we were going to get. We decided get 4 rolls and just mix and match different pieces. 
Before I go into talking about each one let me just say the service and presentation were both on point. 
We ordered: 
Dynamite Roll: it was not bad, it is a simple roll and probably my least favorite. It is salmon and tuna with a wasabi mayo sauce. I wasn't feeling the wasabi so much. 
Gaux-Saints Maki Roll: **best roll I've ever had** This is a pricy roll ($16) but it is worth it. Each piece is HUGE! You gets crawfish, tuna, snow crab, and avocado inside and the top is thick pieces of salmon and escolar with black flying fish roe. It is outrageously over the top and really delicious. Trust me you need this roll in your life.
Spicy Tuna Roll: this is a simple roll that I think they did really well. I am a certified tuna freak and really enjoyed this roll because it's just rice and lots of tuna. It's a bargain and I will get it again. 
NOFD Roll (secret roll not on the menu - you have to ask for it, it's the spiciest roll they make). This secret roll was delicious and had a spicy chili sauce on top. I wish I remembered why the roll was made of but if you go and ask about this roll they will tell you. I recommend this roll if you like spicy sushi. 
They bring you a little bowl of cold noodle salad with rice noodles, carrots, and cucumber while you wait for your rolls. It's light and surprisingly delicious.
I can't wait to go back here every aspect of my experience was enjoyable.Wow, what a pleasant surprise.  I am on a work/pleasure trip and first ordered from Ginger Lime last week, which would be a 2.5 or 3 out of 5 if I were to rate it.   This time I ordered delivery. I got veggie/shrimp tempora appetizer (above average), spicy tuna salad with cucumbers and avocado (excellent!), miso soup (above average), a yellowtail box (which is sort of like a giant sushi roll but in layers and squarish instead of round- it was very good), cheesecake that was delicious, and the spicy beef and vegetable which was SO delicious.  For all this stuff to be great to me (a spoiled New Yorker used to a plethera of ethnic food) it means that this is actually an excellent restaurant.  The delivery (around 3:30 or 4pm on a weekday) was pretty fast too, and the prices were decent/fair.Always good and very fresh. Love the beef appetizer. The noodle salad is fabulous. Always great service and atmosphere.Love ordering sushi in from here but tonight they forgot my strawberry mochi :( disappointing. Spicy tuna roll is our favorite.I went to this spot because my boyfriend recommended it. It was wonderful service and great food!  I do recommend you ask questions about the hot vs. cold sushi options to ensure you get what your palate is accustomed. All in all a solid place for date night or a night out with friends.Mikimoto has been one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the New Orleans area for a few years now. The prices are reasonable and rolls are a decent size. There isn't anything there that I hate but my favorites are the Salmon Twist, Uptown, and Tiger rolls. Also, I love the complimentary noodle salad there! The service is good, even when the entire restaurant is filled up. I definitely recommend this sushi spot for anyone that has never tried!Can't go wrong with this place. Great local area sushi restaurant. They deliver to Mid-City as well. Much appreciated. 
Nothing amazing about the sushi, but nothing disappointing. I stop by when in the area as my sushi choice. But not going out of the way for it. 
Service was good. Not super, but good. I'll go again.Sashimi is terrible. Fish doesn't taste fresh, cutting technique was like a machete sliced it and made the fish very chewy. Chicken teriyaki was flavorless. Would not recommend, and won't be back.In short, Mikimoto is a bargain. The food is much better quality than Hana with similar (but not quite as) cheap as helllll prices.
The food is excellent relative to the price. My standard choice was the combo dinner with chicken teriyaki and tempura vegetables (because I'm healthy like that). It comes with soup and a cali roll, which results in the great position of having way too much food. This is a tiny detail, but they always poke holes in your tempura box so it doesn't steam and become soggy on the way to you. Excellent! You can check out the other reviews for a litany of their good  rolls. 
Full disclosure: I've never actually dined at the restaurant itself so I make no comments about its service or interior. I tried dining in a couple of times, and it was always incredibly busy. I lived near the location for about a year and always got delivery. They are pretty quick in that respect-much faster than most other restaurants. I've never had a "All I want is my damn gyozo!" feeling while dramatically exaggerating hunger pains as I have with pizza places. If you're in the uptown/mid-city area, I suggesting checking it out before nearby japanese places.Mikimoto is a bit over-rated in my opinion. The sushi, especially the sashimi, is inconsistent. I don't really eat a lot of rolls, but prefer the sushi pieces and sashimi and at times I find the fish to lack freshness and quality. On the other hand, sometimes it is really good, thus the 3 stars. There are definitely better sushi places in NOLA.
In general, the sushi here is acceptable and I eat it often, but as someone who comes from Dallas/Houston, this sushi is only ok.Order delivery. Overall, impressed. However, I am not a fan of raw sushi and it is wasn't clear on their website which was raw and which was cooked. I guess I should've asked. However, the sushi was greatly prepared and I had no complaints. Delivery was super quick too.Amazing sushi! Fresh and I love how they give you fresh sliced cantaloupe. They also DELIVER! I love this place. You will too.1) Free Delivery and they are super quick
2) Really great rolls (Deluxe, S. Carrollton, Busy, etc)
3) Complimentary Noodle Salad, it's has a hint of sesame oil which always taste great (Must dine in for this offer)
4) Friendly waitstaff (I really don't think they take a day off)
It's has a quaint and tastefully decorated interior which I didn't expect looking from the outside the building.Food was very good. You get a nice portion of sashimi for the price compared to other restaurants. The service, however, was very rushed. Our server brought out all of our food at the same time--appetizers, soup, salads, and main courses. This was irritating because there were so many plates on the table at one time and because the things that you want to eat while hot and the cold raw fish you want to stay cold all get room temperature. There was no line and hardly any other tables, so there was no reason to rush our meal like this. At the very end she even took the edamame bowl out from under my husband as he was still eating the last two pods and had one in his finger. It was a bit bizarre.Mikimoto is a great place for sushi. Is it the best I've ever had? No. Does the decor need a little less dank? Yeah. Overall Mikimoto offers what most in NOLA don't:
1. A clearly understandable menu.
I don't want to have to ask what's in all your special rolls or Google other "common" rolls on my phone that I may not usually order. Mikimoto offers a crystal-clear roll menu.
2. Wide variety of flavorful food.
Tons of different and delicious options. I would suggest the Paradise Roll, it's like a sweet fireworks exploding in your mouth. If you bring along folks who don't like sushi, they will still enjoy a tasty meal. I suggest for them the Chicken Katsu or a teriyaki dish.
3. CONSISTENCY!
HOLY MOTHER OF GOD A PLACE IN NOLA THAT'S CONSISTENT! Almost unheard of in a place where 5+ years after, some restaurants are still playing the Katrina blame game on the quality of food. If I order a crunchy dynamite roll it tastes the same upon each visit.
4. Reasonably priced.
A meal that feeds 4 is roughly $45-$55 without drinks.What can I say? It never fails me when I need a good roll! Get the Deluxe roll, it is a staple for me and my friends whenever we go. Staff is always friendly and seating is relatively quick, even during rush hours.My last update I had to remove a star because my rolls were sub par, generally sloppy in composition, and the normal amount of "filler ingredient" (tuna, shrimp, etc.) was off based on several experiences with the same rolls here. 
This time I ordered out again instead of dining in because 1) I already know Mikimoto is strong when you dine in, 2) I like ordering out, and 3) I wanted to give them a second shot because I believe they are one of the strongest sushi options in New Orleans. 
Tonight I ordered the Geaux Saints Maki Roll (specialty roll with crawfish, tuna, snow crab, and avocado topped with salmon, escolar, and black flying fish roe). I also ordered two spicy tuna rolls for tomorrow because the specialty rolls are really filling and I wanted to have something leftover for lunch tomorrow. 
All three rolls were perfect in composition and looked incredible. The specialty roll was exactly like when I first tasted it at the restaurant and the presentation was on point. The spicy tuna rolls looked great and appear to have been made with care and placed in the box with care. This was not the case last time! 
Good job Mikimoto!! You have redeemed yourself in my eyes and are once again among my favorite places to get sushi in NOLA.FIVE STARS! Yum! This place is absolutely delicious. We didn't look at the menu and asked the waiter what his top three favorite rolls were and got those. Absolutely delicious.Went here after Art for Arts Sake on Magazine to get away from the crowd.  Service here was wonderful, super friendly and we all enjoyed our sushi.  If ever in the area again, I would go back.  They were not overpriced and I left feeling full of yummy sushi :)I am disappointed to have to do this but I am deducting a star because I ordered sushi from here and when it came the general composition was just not up to par with all of my other Mikimoto experiences. 
The rolls looked sub par overall and I say that because generally Mikimoto has really high standards and all their sushi is consistently beautiful. 
Seriously, it looks like someone sat on some of them and they all had less of the main 'filler' ingredient. When I saw this I was just like, really? This place generally puts out beautiful well made rolls so I was disappointed. 
The other thing that bothered me is I actually feel like these rolls were made in a huge hurry which is honestly kind of off putting to me because they were obviously not made well. There is nothing wrong with making something fast as long as standards are maintained. 
The two rolls from this order were the exact same type of rolls (crab and avocado & spicy tuna) pictured in the last update I posted (spicy tuna on top, crab on the right) and I reordered them because they were fantastic. When you compare the rolls from my previous experience and the ones I received this time you will realize what I am talking about. Very inconsistent. 
I still stand by 4 stars because the taste was excellent. This restaurant is top notch and I was blown away the first time I went there, particularly with some of the specialty rolls. 
Ok. Back to this specific experience. 
The execution of the rolls in general was what was just really disappointing because I know Mikimoto is better than the inconsistent and ugly product they gave me. 
What is going on Mikimoto?!?!
Everything I have said aside, this is still one of my favorite sushi places in NOLA so I will give them another try and will let you know how my next experience plays out. I feel like they are always on their game in the restaurant but if you are going to offer delivery, the product must be up to the same standard.We would've given this place 5 stars however, the parking here sucks. You either park on the street or in the back/side of the restaurant. We parked on the side and they have a drive through pick up window which blocked me for about 5 minutes getting out. 
We order delivery from here quite often at work and I keep telling my husband how fast and tasty it is and how we should try dining in. Well today was the day. Everything we ordered was delicious and came out super fast. We were most impressed at how fast the baked yellow tail throat came out. At other local sushi restaurants even though we order it as an appetizer it's almost always the last to come out. For the 2 of us we ordered WAY too much food but it was so good we ate until we were uncomfortably full. I didn't regret a single bite. Our server was very friendly and attentive. We most definitely recommend this place and plan to come back.The manager is incredibly rude. She came over with an attitude after I asked questions regarding the beef yakiudon. I didn't like my food and then she said "look we don't give refunds for food". Did not ask her for a refund but wanted something else and she still would not let me order anything. Do not come to this restaurant. The manager is rude!!!!
Our waiter Anthony was more apologetic than the owner. The owner should be embarrassed!!!They deliver and they have yummy food!!!!!!!!!!
I just discovered they delivered to LAKEVIEW and yes I admit have ordered three nights IN A ROW - and I have tried something new everytime and everything was so yummy!Oh How I miss thee! Mikimoto's was my hot spot for lunch all during college since it was only a 2 minute (to be exact) drive away!   I ate here probably once or twice or sometimes three times a week during my college years and NO I didn't not get sick of it!  It's the best place for sushi in town.  Even though I may not frequent it as much since as I did before, its still lives up to it's hype! How can you not get giddy over the drive thru either?  Sushi on the go!
  I order different items every time I go but it never disappoints from the Volcano Rolls, Crunchy Dynamite, White Fish, beef tataki, etc.....!  However the main staple of my meal there is the Yaki Udon! I've tried yaki udon at many other sushi places before but none of them can compare to the one at Mikimotos!  Theirs has a richer flavor to it compared to others and that's what keeps me coming back.  It arrives on a sizzling hot plate and the sounds of the noodles and sauce cooking makes the wait unbearable. 
Til next time.......oh yeah, don't leave without trying the tempura cheesecake....Always love getting sushi from mikimoto! Good pricing, good customer service, typically get delivery of pick it up. Love the Utah roll and violet roll!I'll keep it simple: excellent quality fish, super prompt service. The rice is always exactly right (neither mushy or hard). The proportions of fish to rice are also exactly right in the sushi.  Prices are fair, and you definitely get value for your dollar.  My usual is an order of dumplings, mackerel nigiri, a rainbow roll, and a salmon skin roll.I was craving sushi but didnt feel up to leaving the house. Options for sushi delivery are limited so I took a chance with this place. Quite frankly I am in shock at the other reviews naming it the best sushi in New Orleans. I ordered vegetable friend rice and a shrimp tempura roll. Neither had any flavor. I ate the roll feeling disappointed and threw the rice away, it was that bad. Never ever again will I eat here and I will think twice about eating sushi from any place that delivers again. Unless Im in NYC.Best sushi I have tasted so far in NOLA although I have not yet tried them all. Ingredients are superbly fresh. The chef's creations are imaginative, fun, and extremely tasty. Even when full to capacity on a Friday evening, service was fast and very personable. They have a drive-through window, which seems to be very popular.  The place is nothing fancy and a bit on the small side, but the prices are very reasonable; the quality and the value are sure to bring you back for a second visit. We left the restaurant with one thought floating across our completely-contented minds: "Yum! We love sushi!"  We have tried Little Tokyo, and yeah, ok, the decor was a bit nicer, but the food was MUCH better here at Mikimoto. Try the Geaux Saints roll, the super spicy Dante roll, or the Yellowtail roll.I love this place!  If I want sushi and I can't make it out, I always order delivery from here.  I love their Snow Crab Spring Roll and their Crawfish roll.  I will order from here again and again.Excellent food for the price. Service is also pretty good and so far, my new, favorite sushi spot.I've never been to the restaurant, but love getting Mikimoto delivered. The prices are much cheaper than the other Japanese restaurants in the area and the portions are fantastic. I get the sashimi dinner which is about $16 and comes with the perfect amount of sashimi, rice, salad, and soup. Always great!High on college-esque ambiance and low on cost. I'd give service a generous 4/5, taste & quality 3-4/5, and over-all value 4/5. Worth a visit, especially with a group of friends.Cheap sushi, the place has renovated since after Katrina and it looks nice, even the outside got a bit of a work, new sign, still same old menu and sushi staff.
They have 99 cents per piece sushi, has not changed that in years, the rolls are ok. Food is prices well according to portions.
Has never had a problem with wait stafff or wait for food.Mikimotos is my happy place. Of the things I've tried, I haven't found a bad item yet. I love the teriyaki sauce hands down. I will order the baked salmon, white rice, and a side of teriyaki sauce and not be able to finish everything. 
The rock n roll is AWESOME! The lunch specials are delicious and so reasonable, I go as often as I can for lunch, even if it is a half hour drive from home. Its worth it.This place is my go-to restaurant when I'm craving sushi! I love their rolls and I always end up ordering more than I can handle because it's sooo good I can't stop! The dragon rolls are my favorite, with unagi, avocado, and cucumber with eel sauce. I highly recommend Mikimoto for anyone who wants delicious Japanese food that'll leave you wanting more!somebody def went to town with the pepper on the Seafood Yakiudon. and when I say went to town I meant they were prob doing the spice dance, the cha cha, the electric slide and whatever else come to mind, shaking it all over my yakiudon bc all you see and taste is black pepper. I ordered it again bc the sauce they used the first time to cook made it sooo good! now I don't even wanna touch it I gotta down a whole bottle of water after like two bites of it. bleh! And then the baked scallops I had last time with my group, dining in, there were hardly any of the sauce they baked it in it was like.... almost dry. I usually like to eat with my white rice but, there was hardly the need for it. 
consistency= no. what's up wit it Mikimoto? 
maybe I came on their "off" days. I know everybody has a couple.. I'll still be back though, rest assure.I've never eaten in the restaurant but have done takeout and delivery a number of times. They are efficient, fresh with some unique rolls. I like the salmon salmon roll. Thanks for offering a delivery sushi option in our neighborhood!A gem uptown.  Reasonably priced sushi, lots of signature rolls, and japanese fare.  When you dine in they give you a complimentary cucumber noodle salad and a hot towel.  They have a drive thru and they also deliver.  I love the salmon skin rolls and mango rolls.Khoa recc I get the seafood spicy seafood yakiudon! So good and plenty of course to take home after all my yummy nigiriGreat little sushi place!
Fresh sushi, interesting rolls (try the Volcano roll - a favorite of the table!), and very good tempura.  
Service is friendly and efficient and the prices are more than reasonable! Come on, how often do you get out of a decent sushi after a dinner for two for less than $50 (pre- tip)? How about 2 pieces of Toro for $8?
Bottom line:   May not be the fanciest place in town but the sushi sure does make up for it.  Go! Now!!We have been going here a few more times. We love the food and the servers are great. We had Anthony and Hou as servers and they were awesome!! Very friendly and knowledgeable about the different dishes and rolls. Restaurant is very cozy and comfortable and everyone there is very nice.Food:...........5 stars
Ambiance:....5 stars
Service:........5 stars
Wow.  The spousal unit and I moved from California to New Orleans six months ago, and have yet to try any sushi.  I wasn't apprehensive by any means, as New Orleans is a big city and known for her cuisine.  But with sushi, it's vitally important to pick the right restaurant, or you could be dealing with a case of Montezuma's revenge for the rest of the night.  So, we did a quick Yelp search and narrowed down our choices to Mikimoto or Asuka. Since Asuka was a little further away and cost a bit more, we opted for Mikimoto.
Ambiance: When we first arrived, the first thing we noticed was that it was a small box of a building, with a drive-thru window on the side. Now I fully admit my own snobbery with this, but the idea of eating sushi from a restaurant with a drive through window gave me the shivers.  I even said to the spousal unit, "You wanna try the other place?"  But no, he said, let's give it a shot.  Then we stepped through the door.
The inside of Mikimoto is gorgeous!  There is a traditional sushi bar at the back of the restaurant, and about eight or nine tables scattered about, each with enough room for four people. The floor and the tables are constructed of the same faux-distressed dark hardwood, countered by plenty of glossy stainless steel embellishments. The light fixtures are contemporary but stylish and provide just enough light to read the menu, but not so much that you fear for the amount of radiation you might be absorbing. 
The service is top-notch.  The wait staff are lightning-quick at bussing unoccupied tables, likely because there is a steady stream of new customers ready to fill the empty spaces. We were seated right away, and within 10 seconds our waiter came by to take our drink orders. He remained attentive throughout the meal, but too much. It was the perfect balance. 
Food: The spousal unit and I opted for the Titanic Deluxe for two, which came with Sushi, sashimi, rolls, tempura, chicken teriyaki, two types of rice, and fresh fruit for $31.95, which seemed like a good deal.  And it was.  Every piece of fish was super fresh and cut to perfection. The sushi rice was just the right amount of sweet and sticky, but not overpowering. The tempura... holy cow, that stuff is good! There were three large shrimp, two sweet potato, an onion, and a zucchini; all crispy and hot and delicious.  The miso soup was fragrant and flavorful, and the salads with miso dressing had the perfect amount of tang. It was all very good, and there was a lot of food.  The spousal unit and I - not light eaters mind you - are satiated and happy.
So there you have it. If you find yourself in the New Orleans area and are looking for a great sushi place, head over to Mikimoto.  You will not be disappointed.According to my wife, the sushi was OK for the price, but this is a one star review on their cooked options and atrocious service. What ever you do, don't get the Beef Teriyaki. The main problem is that it was completely inedible. It was so tough that I couldn't finish chewing the first two pieces and had to spit them out. I requested a knife thinking smaller bites might help and they provided a butter knife. Thanks, I would have been just as well off with a spoon. After taking one more smaller bite, I pushed the plate away and servers continued to walk by without asking how everything was. 
The second problem with this dish is the beef was under-cooked, I asked for medium rare, but it was definitely on the rare side, which most likely contributed to it's toughness. I also don't think they season the beef at all, and rely completely on the Teriyaki sauce for any flavor.
I try not to be confrontational, since I'm usually the one in the wrong when I finally do snap, so I waited patiently for them to realize they messed something up, but nope, that never happened.
We had two servers come to our table throughout our lunch and the woman server never said a single word, nobody asked if my wife wanted more wine, or if we wanted desert. 
If the reason for this is that they could tell we were not happy, ask what is wrong and try to fix it. When he came to take the plates, he saw the plate full of food and asked if I wanted a to go box. No. 
This is in my top 3 list of worst service, and by far the worst hot meal I've ever had from a sushi place. I understand your focus is on sushi, but if you can't cook an edible beef dish, take it off the menu! 
I think it goes without mentioning, but this is our last visit to Mikimoto.Mikimoto is, by far, my favorite place for sushi in New Orleans and a much frequented spot by myself + girlfriend + friends. The dine-in staff is always super friendly and helpful, delivery is speedy, and the range of rolls and platters I've tried have been consistently great.
Parking is a real nuisance, so I find myself getting delivery more often. Don't let that dissuade you from checking out their small-yet-charming dining room, though. It's always clean, and patrons are very well attended to. This plus the aforementioned consistency in food quality make for a great experience.
I don't think Mikimoto will ever serve the most amazing sushi I'll have in my life, but I am confident that I will never have a bad experience here. For what they are and what you expect, Mikimoto is fantastic.Sushi was disgusting,service was slow and prices are high    I like to explain  my experience here as if mcdonalds decides to offer sushi this is what I picture.
The names on all the rolls are the same as its competitors, they just copied their menu but unfortunately copies are never as good as the real thing. Tiny dining room.
The "tempura flakes" on top of my red dragon roll was piled high and DRY as a desert.  Even when I knocked off half, the roll was still too dry to enjoy.  The hamachi kama was burnt. We sent it back only to receive another burnt one. Burnt as in charred black.  Servers seemed too scarce and even though you can see them running around, they werent efficient enough I guess.My first visit was on a Saturday evening. The ambiance was very modern, clean, and nice. Our waiter Choung was awesome... he had such an authentic smile, pleasant demeanor and very attentive. The bathrooms were immaculate, which is a rarity in most restaurants in the city. We noticed that this place has a drive-thru. Who has ever heard of a drive-thru sushi? AWESOME!!!! It's a hit because the ordered were piled high and the frequent high volume calls, which we could not hear but see. Nevertheless, this is a feature I will be using the next time I come back.Mikimoto was always a staple of high school. They would deliver to the school, and were inexpensive, so us seniors, could order sushi for lunch and make the other students insanely jealous. The food is good. Not to die for, but good. You get a lot of food for the price. There is no fishy smell when you enter, showing that the fish are fresh. The service is a little spotty and the parking lot is a nightmare. When you park in the lot, you have to wait until the cars in the drive through move before you can get out.Always a favorite pre-and post-Katrina... You can't beat the dollar sushi specials for lunch and the iced green tea always puts me right... The staff is sweet and the location is perfect...NOTHING ON THE MENU IS GROSS! =o)
My favs are:
Apps: (my top 3) 
Super Niku Maki - shrimp, snowcrab, green onions, and asparagus wrapped with beef and served on a hot plate with teryaki sauce.
Beef Tataki - best seared beef in town! served with ponzu sauce and green onions.
Baked Scallop - to die for! It's the sh!tnits! Its served on a bed of Enoki Mushroom (which others find it to noodles), baked to perfection with a garlic-lemon mayo based sauce, similar to baked mussels topping.
Rolls: (I can go on forever, but ill only list my top 3)
Nola Roll: There's no place that can make it the way they do. It's fresh salmon, avocadoes, smelt roe, and green onions rolled in seaweed and rice then its topped off with this amazingly baked mussels and crabmeat. DELISH!
Geaux Saints Maki: (on there special list menu) spicy tuna, spicy crawfish, snowcrab avocadoes wrapped with soy paper and rice topped with fresh salmon and escolar (white tuna). YUM!
Jalapeno Madness Roll: tempura salmon, cream cheese, jalapeno wrapped inside rice and seaweed with crabsticks across the top topped off with wasabi citrus sauce(green). 
BEST YAKI UDON EVER IN HISTORY OF UDONS! HANDS DOWN THE BEST! you can have it chicken, beef or seafood with cabbage. its stir-fry udon noodles with a bbq sauce thats so devine! YUM! YUM! YUM! i get mines with chilli sauce added to give a little UMPF to the flavor.
Everything here is amazing. The quality of the food is never off. This is my go-to sushi restaurant. It's a small restaurant, but they will accommodate you with whatever you need. What more can you ask for if they deliver! AWESOME!
GO GO GO TRY IT!Never been disappointed at this sushi place.  They have so many choices and they are all good.  They also have "specials" that are not on the menu.  I love soup and they offer about four different noodle choices.  Sometimes I just get Udon Noodle Soup -as I did this time. 
Husband got the Tropical Roll and the Geaux Saints Maki. He liked them both, but they didn't make the favorites list.  They were on the specialty menu.  I ordered hot green tea and  thought it to be overpriced at 2 dollars -- would have been better if there were free refills.  They could benefit from more tea selection.
They did have some pretty good dessert selections, but I was too full to think about it.  
The place itself is small and a little bit dark but not creepy dark.  They give you a hot washcloth when you are seated and that makes me happy.  
The food comes quickly and it is presented well.  The server was polite and not overbearing.  When we left they all said "Thank you!".  I liked that. 
The table next to us was really talking up the "Metairie Roll" - FYII love this place!  They deliver to my house which is awesome!  In my opinion the best thing on the menu is the Chef's Special Salad!  It has lots of romaine, carrots, cucumber and seaweed salad topped with fresh salmon, snapper, tuna, smelt roe, mango and toasted sesame seeds.  Just great!  It comes with ponzu sauce, but I like to add eel and pink sauce as well!!!  Super huge and super cheap!Pan fried udon was fantastic and the Gyoza was perfect! Friendly staff, fast service. Clean dining room.2.5 stars.
Everything about this experience was just "bleh."  The sushi was not the greatest I've ever had, the service was surly, and it's not in my neck of the woods.  I probably won't return.This place has fast delivery and good food. They told me 45 minutes for my order and they took less than 30.Mikimoto is really not my favorite place for sushi. In fact, I find all of it really gross and over mayo-ed. Their raw stuff is okay. 
So why 3 stars?
#1 The Avocado Deluxe Salad. It's a half of an avocado, filled with spicy tuna, crunchy, and topped with a delicious sauce. I mash it up all together, and it's the most perfect thing ever. 
#2 there's a drive through window to facilitate my picking up the ADS. And they deliver also. So I can definitely give points for that.My favorite Japanese place when I was in NOLA...and even when I'm not!  Thinking about it makes me happy (or sad, since I can't visit as often).  
Didn't really go there for dinner or each too much of the sushi.  But their chicken teriyaki lunch was oh so yummy...complete with fresh asparagus and cantaloupe (although I can't eat cantaloupe, but it sure did look pretty), among other things.  And I miss their Fuji shrimp sauce (think sweet and sour sauce-ish)--good stuff!  
The prices weren't too bad, their service was mostly good, and the place was clean and quaint.  I'll definitely go back there when I'm in New Orleans again :)I ordered delivery and it came in really good timing. The sushi rolls were delicious! I got the shrimp tempura and vegetable rolls. However the rest of my meal was inedible for me. Maybe its because I'm pregnant, but there was some flavor in the salad and pan-fried rice that mad them gross (plus the rice had celery which is weird). The fuji shrimp was fried tempura shrimp without seasoning and the ginger sauce had that same taste. Maybe its something they cook with or something. I'll continue to eat their sushi, but that's about itAs i said before, when i'm in the mood for sushi i'm taking it to Mikimoto and again, i was highly satisfied with my choice.
Helped myself to the delicious Mango Mania house special roll and an entree of the Unagi Domburi (eel) i love eel! Miki, you have my loyalty.Delivery- SUPER FAST!
I ordered all fried things- that being said- I shouldn't have done that. 
It was tasty, but everything tasted the same!!!
Maybe if I had a small portion of fried food, with a portion of non-fried food, then I would have noticed the flavor. 
Overall: Wasn't that bad! Definitely had worseThe deluxe roll is a must get! The noodle salad is interesting but very tasty. First time great foodI love the noodle salad. Plenty of vegetarian options.The good was tasty, service was awesome but my daughter and I were not feeling well after we left! My son and husband had chicken teriyaki and beef teriyaki plates and my daughter and I had chicken tempura and veggie tempura plates. Everyone liked the food, but she and I were sick within an hour.The food is fine--not great, not bad, just fine.  It is pretty awesome that they have a drive thru window for pick up though.  It's pretty small inside.  I suggest this place as a pickup/delivery spot.Service was lacking today. But, kinda understandable because it was pretty packed on a Friday night. 
Finished all our food... then our yellow dragon roll comes out because our server didn't see it on the sheet. Uh, y'all don't double check? Lol. Wth. But whatever. 
They also have unfiltered sake! Yay. 
Meal for 4 people added to about $140, not including tip. Would have given 3.5 stars because service was far from stellar, but I come often enough to know it isn't always like this. They are a solid 4 star joint on their best days. 
Beef tataki - way too raw. Hardly seared. Unedible. Did y'all take it out straight from the freezer and serve it?
Sunomono w/ avocado - yaaaaasss. This was so good. It's fresh salmon, tuna, and yellowtail with cucumbers in ponzu sauce. I added avocado and it makes it that much better!
Hamachi kama - baked yellowtail neck. It is always good. Probably one of the better places to get this. Served with lemon and ponzu. 
Baked scallop - it's "spicy" baked scallop with mixed mushrooms cooked on a shell with mayo. Pretty fattening, but it's okay to indulge every now and then. :P
Tropical roll - coconut shrimp with some other stuff with pink sauce on top. 
Tiger roll - tuna and salmon with more salmon and avocado on top. Probably our least favorite roll. 
Yellow dragon roll - This roll was so good! But I think they rushed it bc the lemon slices were cut a little too thick. It's cucumber snow crab and tobiko wrapped in rice and seaweed, with salmon and lemon slices on top. 
Salmon sashimi - fresh and simple.
Mikimoto roll - super plain, not flavorful. Do not get. Came with pink sauce. That didn't help it at all. Just don't get it. Sounds appetizing, but trust me. It will not satisfy you.This is a delivery based review as I have never actually dined in. We live less than a half mile from Mikimoto and they're one of the only sushi places that delivers. It's often one of those nights when both of us are feeling uncreative and choose to just order takeout. But it's sushi-takeout so there's not much better than that!
Delivery takes 45 minutes so if it's in your headspace that you want sashimi and a Carrollton Roll, plan accordingly.
Their menu is yuuuuuuuuuuge! In fact, this last order I was convinced I ordered a roll I've never had before and unbelievably, of the 50 some rolls they have, I ordered the same, exact, one. It was delicious of course, but I can't believe I ordered the same thing. 
"Dear Mikimoto,
Please create a sushi roll checklist so regular customers can explore the menu in it's entirety instead of repeatedly ordering the same roll out of habit. Love and kisses, Emily."
Positives:
Cold, fresh sushi.
Friendly telephone operator
Extra sauce and chopsticks.
Affordable price point.
Negatives:
I order the same thing by mistake every time.Been coming here since 2002, and it's been fantastic every time.  I can't believe how cheap their menu is, and I feel bad for every time I wasted money at other sushi restaurants in town.  Service is always impeccable, the sushi is incredible, and the dining room is peaceful and free from all the annoying loud music and garish decoration other sushi bars in town are guilty of.  Their specials board always has new and creative rolls, but you can't go wrong with the beef and asparagus maki, the Metairie Roll, the Special Eel roll, or any of the sashimi.  Always fresh, always beautifully presented.I love Mikimoto sushi! My favorite roll is probably the chefs special with brown rice and pink sauce. They have a drive through which makes pick up super easy too.My newest found addiction from here is the beef teriyaki, and the banana tempura with red bean ice cream for dessert. Oh God! (Quagmire voice), that red bean ice cream owes me nothing at all. I'll usually get my steaks medium-rare, but i think i'll be ordering these medium next time.  Still delicious nonetheless. 
I'll try to remember to post pictures next time. Remembering to take pictures is a difficult task tho when that food is in front of you, must say.I really used to despise this place in college, but while preparing for a friend's wedding the rest of the party wanted to order from here and I went along.
It was a great surprise and the rock n' roll made me giddy.  I've gone once more since and really enjoyed it.  Both times were take out though... the drive through really is convenient.  Next time I'll branch out a little from the box salmon, rock n' roll, and noodle salad... and maybe sit down.I've never used to be a fan but my husband is and it's gradually grown on me. Every time we'd go out, he'd suggest Mikimoto and I'd roll my eyes and ignore him. But he's got a pretty strong sushi addiction and orders once a week, in addition to going out. And of course, he always orders from Mikimoto. It's still not my favorite but it's reliable, quick, plentiful and priced right.I always get a large side of the cold noodle salad and I'm addicted to it! If you want the best of everything get the rainbow roll! Their fish is really fresh and they give you a nice thick cut of fish. They have a drive thru window that's really convenient and your order is always ready on time when you make a to-go order by phone.I arrived at Mikimoto hoping for some traditional Japanese food.  I ordered the chicken katsu and yakitori.  It was okay at best - the yakitori left a lot to be desired and katsu is hard to screw up.  The wait staff was friendly, but when I asked the server the history of the restaurant, I was kind of disappointed that she didn't really know.  Although I will say that she got the manager and he was able to give me some background on the place.  They were also kind in helping me find an Asian grocer on my way back to Baton Rouge.We LOVE this place and eat here about once a week for the Mango rolls!! GET THE MANGO ROLLS you will love them and taste the sauce it look like pepto but it so good. I like that they give you a warm towel before your meal also.Came here with a group of friends and we had a pretty satisfying experience. My boyfriend and I shared the Titanic Deluxe Dinner (for two) which consisted of sushi, sashimi, rolls, tempura, chicken teriyaki and fresh fruit. It was only $30.95 for such a huge portion! We also ordered the mango mochi and red bean mochi. I wish they didn't cut it up & add whipped cream around for presentation because I'd rather eat it as a whole than in 4 separate pieces. The customer service was excellent. I wish I remembered our server's name because she was very informative and attentive to our needs. It almost felt like we troubled her too much when we constantly asked for things. I would definitely come back here the next time I'm in NOLA for more than just a few hours, and I would also recommend this restaurant to anyone craving sushi.What makes a sushi place good? Volume. This place sells a lot of sushi and that means its always fresh. Prices are very reasonable and the sushi is great. Very great service as well. There are other good sushi places in NOLA but when you are looking for fresh sushi at a reasonable price it doesn't get better.I been coming here since i went to high school. Great staff. Friendly service. I love the  hot towels.  The sushi is my faVorite part.The udon soup was really good. The vegetables were fresh and not overcooked. The broth was light yet flavorful.
The volcano roll was too creamy and the scallops were quite small. I wouldn't order it again. 
The soft shell crab rolls were very big and tasty.
My dinner companion got a $20 soup, salad and sashimi special and it was a lot of food. I liked the ginger dressing because it wasn't sweet, and I was happy to see that the lettuce was romaine and not iceberg. The sashimi was only ok, but it seems rare to find outstanding sashimi- I guess you have to pay top dollar for that.
All in all, Mikimoto is satisfying and offers a selection of affordable rolls. Also, the waiter was extremely affable and friendly. Definitely give this place a shot.Stopped by last Sunday to get some pick up before the game.  It was stil good, but it'll be the last time I go on a Sunday... specially around lunch.  It wasn't nearly as fresh or as well done as the last time.  Made me sad.  Still better than lots of other places though, so I can't dog 'em too much.Bummed out...let down...sad.  An all time Sushi Low....
I ordered delivery, hoping to clear my head cold with some wasabi. Timely and polite delivery, except the pen the guy gave me to sign my slip bled all over my fingers.  Things took a downhill slide thereafter.  The first fail was that I wanted to order the Deluxe Roll, per the reviews I read....but the  words "Dynamite Roll" came out of my mouth instead, which I didn't realize until I opened the box and remembered my ordering error.    My fault.  Not an awful roll, just not a sushi-party-in-my-mouth-kind of roll.  Then there was the baked scallop with enoki mushrooms.  Scallop good, tender, flavorful. Mushrooms, neither of the above. I had to google "enoki mushroom" to make the positive ID. I'm pretty sure they were heated to the point of no return, which sucked.  The Diet Coke was cold and refreshing, but not enough to save my review.  Still, I think I will try again, because my first experience a few months back was fantastic.Love Mikimoto! One of the best sushi restaurants in town. Never dissappints- great food and even better service. They seem genuinely appreciative that you have patronized their restaurant. Highly recommend!Good sushi, but the fact that I literally live 0.3 miles away and they refuse to deliver to my house is unacceptable. Yes, my neighborhood is no Audubon Place but not delivering to the area in which your business is located is ridiculous.Although I used to live a couple of blocks away from Mikimoto, I always found myself at Hana Sushi instead.  My most recent visit pretty much illustrates as to why.
Given that Mikimoto is rather tiny, we waited a little bit to be seated, but don't you worry, I subjected everyone to my queue of hilarious cat YouTube videos to pass the time.  Once we took our seats, ordering was ever so slightly delayed as we hadn't been furnished with a sushi check-off slip (is there a technical name for those things) and well, it was in fact rather busy up in this here sushi joint.
At least the udon noodles and appetizers arrived shortly thereafter.  Which then marked the beginning of the eternal wait for our sushi rolls.  Whoopee!  At least I had my healthy heap of seaweed salad to munch on - quite salty but delicious.  My dining comrades kept picking at salad, crab rolls, and udon as they were darn flipping starving.  I guess the kitchen was ridiculously backed up?
My vegetable roll with brown rice arrived lightly studded with bright orange roe. Womp womp!  I actually just wanted to just send it back and move forward with my sad vegan life, but one of my friends flagged down another server (ours was M.I.A. for most of the night, yet we still left her a handsome tip, we are too nice sometimes!) to explain my issue and soon received a brand spanking roe-free roll (probably filled with human spit but hey y'all, that's vegan!).  It was all right, Hana's vegetable rolls are bigger.  Size matters here, and anyone who tells you otherwise is a liar. 
One of the more notable features of Mikimoto is the pick up window, so you don't have to stuff yourself into the tiny establishment to pick up your to-go orders.  Also, the security guard chillaxin' in a chair outside is a thoughtful New Orleans touch.  That's too bad . . . some of my fondest random gropings occurred in New Orleans but I guess not everyone can be so lucky (just kidding, love you and miss you NOLA!).By far the freshest fish I've had since I ate tuna straight of the boat in Costa Rica. What more can I say? That's how I judge a sushi restaurant. I'm so happy I found this place  a block from where I work.  I'm the luckiest woman ever :)
I can't say much about the rolls, I haven't tried many of them.The food is good, and they deliver to me. That's all that matters to me when it comes to my sushi. I can't comment on the actual building because I've never dined in the restaurant.For food I love the baked scallop, seafood yaki udon, and crawfish roll. THE GOT THE BEST FRIED CHEESECAKE!! OMG so good.
This place even has a drive thru! Order before picking up on the phone.
The food isn't always cooked to perfection each time but it's always sooooo good. Pretty small joint.I'll make this short and sweet...
Greeted Immediately upon entering. There was only one other table in the restaurant.
Server was quick, efficient, and very accommodating. Green Tea & Iced Tea were refilled often. 
Noodle Salad as an amuse bushe was okay. Nothing fancy and a little too mayonnaisey for my taste.
Gyoza delicious and delivered quickly! 6 dumplings for $4.50? Yes, please!
Spicy Tuna roll *SPICY* seems obvious but took me by surprise!
Rock 'N Roll and Metairie Rolls were both delicious!
Tuna Sashimi? Meh.
Chicken Yakiudon? Delicious and enough to share!
Overall? I'll be back and I'll be back often! The service was generous and efficient and it must be noted that even though we walked in to an empty restaurant it was packed by the time we left!Shout out to our seriously awesome waiter Francis who really went the extra mile! Good sushi but great service!I'm pretty simple (boring) when it comes to sushi. Give me an avocado roll and I'm completely satisfied. Because I'm not asking for much, I feel like vendors should be able to produce a decent roll with just one ingredient. Mikimoto managed to mess up even that. 
I got 2 avocado rolls ($3.95 each), fried gyoza ($4.95) and miso soup ($2.25). The rolls were so sloppy and the chopsticks were huge that everything was really difficult to eat. It took me twice as long because between my hand size and chopstick size I couldn't grasp the damn thing. The gyoza was fine, but I expected way better. You can definitely tell that they were just flash steamed. The soup was a little pricey and tasted sorta strange. So strange that I couldn't tell if it was too salty or not salty enough. Weird. Won't be coming back here, sticking to my place in the quarter.I'm absolutely appalled that I live within delivery range of such an amazing sushi spot. The fast and friendly service on top of the excellent food really satisfies those late night sushi cravings.If I'd biked to MidCity, I'd be pissed about wasted effort and energy. I drove all the way out here for what, exactly? Mushy fried rice, bland salad, Maki rolls that won't stay together, slimy sushi, and extra greasy tempura. Ugh.
The service was fine, just fine. My server didn't notice that my glass was empty, and he was pretty involved with his conversation across the room. It was slow, but really? The kitchen was turning out food quite fast, which was a perk of going at an off-peak hour. 
But the food? Ugh. Midcitizens, y'all are getting a raw deal (and not in a good way). Maki rolls should not come unrolled on the plate, especially not California rolls. Sushi should not be falling off the rice balls. Tempura should not be a greasy disaster. I honestly shouldn't have oil dripping down my hands when I pick up a piece of tempura. Yuck! I don't even know where to begin with this fried rice, either. It was mushy in a bad way lacking most of the common vegetables or eggs that normally appear in fried rice. And in a city with lots of flavorful ginger dressings, this bland mess of a salad dressing is just sad. 
There is better, much better available. Hell, even the pan-Asian offerings at Hoshun knock this place out of the park. (And Hoshun delivers!) Not worth the calories.
Accessibility notes: doors open out. Sloping ramp in front of door. No Braille menu or signage. Can get loud at peak hours. Dim interior.This is my go-to spot for sushi in New Orleans. The fish is fresh, the prices are reasonable, and the service is quick and friendly. The drive-up take-out window makes satisfying sushi cravings maybe a little too easy. My favorites are the crunchy dynamite roll and the chef's special roll, and the rainbow roll is one of the best I've had. They're not as creative as some of the other places in town with the big, fancy, crazily-named rolls that you can't fit in your mouth in one bite, but if you're looking for good sushi at a reasonable price, Mikimoto is your spot. Two people can have a variety of normal-sized rolls and sushi and be full for $30. I would stick with the sushi, I haven't loved the other items on the menu, but I also haven't tried very many of them because the sushi is so good.Decided to treat myself on my day off, but Mikimoto's had different plans. I called in a delivery order and was told that they aren't allowed to deliver to my area even though my house is a few blocks away from the restaurant itself.I come here often and I've never had bad service. It has a small parking lot but also has 24 hr security to watch over the cars. This place also has a drive thru where you can call ahead and pick up. I've never had a wrong pickup order before either. 
The sushi is fresh and high quality. The local rolls are an interesting mix of New Orleans and Japanese.  My favorite pieces here are the pepper tuna sashimi (with the marinade, taste just like steak), volcano roll and Metairie roll.I recently went to Mikimoto for the first time with a friend the other day and I am so glad I have discovered this place. I had an amazing experience so I decided to order delivery from them partially to see if they maintain the standards they have in their restaurant for delivery orders and partially because I am addicted to sushi.
Like I have said in many of my reviews, I am a tuna freak. I ordered the spicy tuna roll, the (plain) tuna roll, and the snow crab roll without asparagus. Everything looked and tasted amazing.
The box was nicely organized and the rolls were well formed. I like to put any delivery sushi I order in the fridge for 20 - 30 minutes before I eat it so I can be sure it will be on the cooler side. Not saying that is necessary, it's just something I always have done. After that I tried my fist roll and it was amazing, sooo delicious. They also gave me at least 6 or 7 soy sauces even though when I eat sushi at home I use my own soy sauce. Now I have a bunch in my kitchen drawer in case I ever run out or need some to go for some reason.
I respect this place even more because they are consistent regardless of whether you are dining in or getting delivery. I have to say there are other sushi places in New Orleans that have failed this basic test that I used to like a lot.
If you are a sushi fan and haven't tried Mikimoto yet I recommend you do.My least favorite of the New Orleans Japanese eateries. Portion sizes small and service rushed.i have been going to this place for decades.  i stopped because the service was so bad.
i went tonight, got terrible service and when paying the manager asked me how things were.  so i told him and got an argument.  if a manger asks you for input and it sucks, they should make it better, not bullshit you.......please read on.
1. everyone else got a hot towel but not me. "we had so many people we ran out, do you want a cold towel?".........but there is no one here.   "we were swamped with to go orders"  but they don't use hot towels.
2. the sushi bar alwasys gives you a little something...noodles or a bite of tuna........they actually..........look you in the eye.....as well
3. . no one the whole time at the sushi bar even looked at me and no one smiles. manager says "they don't speak english so that's why they don't look at you and smile".  i pointed to every employee in the place.....my waitress who spoke english, the staff, everyone was horrible.  "the people who do speak english had a hard day"..
...........horrible service........it was so bad i didn't go for 9 years and when i came back the owner asked me why i was gone for so long. i told him something nice....the reason is the terrible service....
any place that asked you how things are and instead of trying to fix it, makes excuses for it, is not a place i could recomend.My favorite Japanese restaurant in NOLA. Delicious food that's reasonably priced . I looove their salmon teriyaki and they have fried ice cream for dessert. What the what? LOL sooo good.Finally found a Japanese sushi spot that accommodates my palate. Have not had good sushi since leaving IL (Hanakana Japanese Steakhouse Restaurant) but this place is on point. Everything is just like I like.Had the seared scallop appetizer absolutely delicious served with asparagus and broccoli cooked just right !Japanese restaurants in New Orleans have, mostly, become eateries that serve a hefty cuisine. Oversized rolls stuffed with fried things, glistening with multiple sauces.  To the eye and the palate they remind me of 80's haute Creole food when it was showing off. I suppose this is a manifestation of  American tastes in general an local tendencies in particular. 
     On the other hand Japanese style food is harder to find here than ever. Especially since the closing of my favorite, Horinoya. The light, stimulating, satisfied feeling I appreciate so much after a good Japanese meal can be tricky to reproduce 
    We stopped at Mikimoto for a late (9:00) meal and tried to order food from the welter of menu items that would be close to what we prefer. A simple Salmon skin roll was biggie-sized but the real problem was the skin had been deep fried in somewhat dirty oil. A squid salad was built for two. Edible, but standard issue and somewhat lifeless. 
   We a ordered a piece of hamachi Kama, or yellowtail neck as their menu calls it.  A generous portion arrived, with what appeared to be a slight glow. I was suspicious when I dug the chopsticks into it for a taste. Sure enough. Putrid. Meal Over!
    I guess they must not sell that much of this relative to the hundred other menu items  
     Stay away if you admire the aesthetic of Japanese foodI don't ever go here, but I was craving nigiri and this was the most convenient restaurant. 
I got the nigiri lunch combo-- 6 piece nigiri, California roll, house salad, and soup for $10. I was sooo disappointed with the nigiri! The quality of fish is below average and some of the pieces (yellowtail, shrimp, crabstick) had such a foul odor & the rice was so hard. The only thing I enjoyed was the single piece of salmon nigiri. Such a let down!I really want to give 5 stars for the food but i just cannot stand a female employee who answers the phone when i place an order. And the worst part is that this is not the first time she has answered the phone without the proper manner. She is by far the rudest and the most cutting employee i had to deal with in my entire life. I had to call twice because she hung up on me without asking what i want for sides. 
Food wise, excellent with reasonable price. Just make sure you put the right person with phone manner to answer the phone order.Sushi Chefs,  please make this as it should be made. It should be super thinly sliced cucumber, tightly wrapped. It falls apart before I can even indulge it. I asked multiple times, but no changes has been made. It even gets worse at times.Very good sushi and great environment. It's a medium to small size restaurant. Parking is in the back of restaurant.I've only had delivery from here. The first two times were good, nothing amazing, the third time was really terrible; I could just tell it was not fresh. But, a few months have passed and tonight I was craving some sushi and was not about to step out in to the rain, so I gave them another go. I got the avocado deluxe and a Dianne roll. Both were pretty good, but again, nothing outstanding. Delivery is fast and easy, so that's definitely a bonus.Mick Jagger obviously never ate here! Cuz we are seriously satisfied! My husband and I were regulars here for years... Can't remember why it was taken off of our rotation. Regardless, we've been missing out on attentive amazing service and friggin' really grrrreat food! Double yum on the appetizers! Tamarind rich beef tataki, best cold noodle salad (this is a dish I fantasize about), phenomenal tuna tataki... So good I gotta make nom nom yummy noises!
The sushi is perty derned nummy too! Really fresh philly roll, super spicy tuna... I must return to this establishment and eat MORE and frequently. Thank the Universe for sushi and MIKIMOTO!