All of my close friends rave about Milk Bar; however, I had really only had their sandwiches when catered and a milk shake on occasion. I will say that the chocolate milk shake is one of the top 3 best shakes I've ever had, so if you're looking for a reaaaalllly good shake, then head over to this place. 
In regards to sandwiches, like I said, I had previously only had them catered and was not a fan. Non of the sandwich combos grabbed me and when catered, the cheese isn't warm and the bread isn't quite as good. When I finally got on in-store, I ordered the Clooney's Choice, a fan favorite, and quite enjoyed it. The bread was delicious and the cheese perfectly melted, but I think I would have liked it more if it was with turkey instead of chicken. 
Overall, I'm a fan; however, will be choosing some of my other favorite sandwich places over Milk Bar in the future.I didn't know about this place until my sister's friend at Loyola suggested that we go here. And I'm glad she did because I really like it.
Actually I liked my sister's sandwich more than my own. The Shrimply the Best. Sauteed shrimp with pesto in a sandwich? Yes, please! I ordered the Wolf Me Down, which was good, but I felt that the lamb lacked flavor. But it's okay because I know what I'm going to order the next time I'm at Milk Bar.
The milkshakes are also really good, but I don't have as much of a sweet tooth as I used to before, so I'll just stick to stealing some of my sister's.I absolutely love this place. My favorite is the Clooney sandwich. They make them fresh right when you order.  I order it every time because it is that good!! if i'm looking to eat an amazing sandwich this comes to mind. The hot Delicious bread they use is so fresh. Throw a little crystal sauce and you wont be disappointed!Best sandwiches in all of NOLA! Highly recommend clooneys choice or chicken parm. Salads are delicious as well!GREAT SANDWICHES. AND MILKSHAKES. I like the Occidental Oriental sandwich the best. MMM. It has chicken and peanut sauce and bean sprouts and is SOOO GOOD. The Mocha Madness and Banana milkshakes are also so delish. I was kind of upset with the new location as I found the sandwiches smaller than the original location, but it was still really good.Love this place! I wish they'd open one in California so we could go here more often! "Christmas in July" sandwich is our favorite!My favorite sandwich joint! I Dream Of Aubergine is so delicious! The flavor combinations are out of this world! I have not had a sandwich here I didn't like. The milk shakes are so rich and creamy and sweet and heavenly. Milk Bar is one of my favorite New Orleans spots! Every sandwich here is the best sandwich you will ever have!My wife and I wanted a quick place to stop before we headed out of town. I found Milk Bar and decided to give it a try. Wow! I can honestly say, the Clooney's Choice was one of my favorite sandwiches I've ever had. My wife loved her Mexican Chipotle Ranch salad as well. The Strawberry Fields shake was delicious. Definitely recommend!!!LOVE, LOVE, LOVE! My family was in town on vacation. We were riding the street car and jumped off to eat lunch. We got lucky when we found Milk Bar. We have three picky eaters. The fun girl who took our order got all the details and changes correct. She was so nice to us also. The food was absolutely amazing. Don't know where they get their bread, but my family is still talking about it. Wish they had one in my town. If I go back to NOLA I will be stopping by!One of my favorite places in uptown! My favorite is the thai chili chicken po boy, but I've also tried every other sandwich on the menu and can see how any of them would be popular. The staff here is very nice and friendly, and they keep calm during busy hours (it does tend to get busy but it's easy to call ahead). The salads are a great size and all are great prices. Definitely go here!Excellent food excellent service
This is are very cool little restaurant that has great salads and great sandwiches 
Not your regular New Orleans style sandwiches ! 
Prices are very reasonable and the service is quick 
I would tell everyone that would like a different twist on salads and sandwiches!Yam I Am sandwich rocks, as does the Clooney's Choice. So so so so good. The bread it's on is to die forI absolutely love this hidden gem! Shrimply the best was the hot fresh yummy sandwich I got. I was starving, yet could only eat half of it. My Husband had the roast beef poboy as per usual for him and he enjoyed it, said he's has better but it wasn't bad. I'd definitely hit this place up againI found this place during a recent work visit to New Orleans. We had lunch!  Its was fantastic! The Christmas in July sandwich was delicious and unique. I had he Chocthunder shake... will never forget it!! Thanks!Love it for lunch, except can hardly ever eat there due to a Mon-Fri work schedule across the city and the closing of the Touro location. Wish it were open on Sundays when I actually have the time to head to the Riverbend area.LOVE coming here for their SHAKES! My favorite is the chocolate one. Their sandwiches are also pretty good; I've only had the sriracha sandwich.This place is kinda expensive if you are a broke college student, but the food is amazing. I ate the "wolf me down sandwich"; it has spinach, tomato, mozzarella, and roast lamb. The sandwich melted in my mouth and it had a very good hardy taste. Also I tried the coffee milkshake or cappuccino (can't remember off the top of my head), but it was a nice and thick milkshake. Water is free and they provide lemon wedges so if you don't want to buy a drink go for that option.My first time at milk bar! It did not disappoint! I got the satay chicken salad. Generous portion size, generous toppings, overall great salad. My friends got sandwiches that were decent sized and delicious as well. 
I got the cappuccino milkshake. Very very tasty! My friend got chocolate and he said it was alright, nothing to rave about. 
I loved the atmosphere inside with cows everywhere. I also love the shoes, purses, throws, pictures from Mardi Gras in the past. 
The ladies working the counter/milkshake blender were pleasant. 
You order at the counter, sit and wait for your food. No matter if you're getting it to go or eating there, it comes out in a brown bag. This was the only thing I didn't like. I felt like this was wasteful. The sandwiches come wrapped so there's really no need to put it in a bag for every single customer. Besides that, great experience! And every order comes with a dumdum sucker!My friend wanted to take me out for my birthday last month. I didn't want to go somewhere were she would have to spend a lot of money, and I had read nothing but good reviews about this place, so we picked to go here! One of my other friends also joined us, and we all really liked it. The place is very cute. My friend and I split the Clooney, a bag of honey mustard Zapps, and a chocolate shake. The overall meal was great, I really liked the sandwich but was maybe expecting a little more flavor. My other friend enjoyed her parmesan chicken po-boy, which was really big! I can't wait to go back. I want to try the thai chili chicken and the psycho chicken.Good vibes. Great food. Service is always super quick here and an easy lunch stop for me since I work at Loyola. I've had a couple of the sandwiches, one of the salads, and one of the po'boys. All huge portions and all delicious. And of course, Zapps chips are on hand to complement anything on the menu.Within my first six months of living in NOLA I've been here half a dozen times and Milk Bar hasn't disappointed. The staff is extremely friendly, enthusiastic and cares about customers and service. The sandwiches and milkshakes are pretty outstanding too. 
I once ordered a sandwich and requested no olives, but after it was served with olives, I brought it to their attention and was given an entirely new one, as well as my money back for the inconvenience. They told me to keep the sandwich with olives! I've come back here many times since and it checks all the boxes for a satisfying lunch spot close to Tulane's campus.What can be said about the Milk bar. If you know, you know. Always on point. ALWAYS. Never got anything less than the best here. I usually go Clooneys or Blue heeler. But any sandwich I've had was clearly made with love. The secret to success.Great sandwich spot in Carrollton (uptown). I ordered the "Clooney." It was awesome! I was expecting sliced avocado; instead it was a spread. It didn't change the awesomeness of this sandwich. The roll was fresh made and buttery. The sandwich itself was hot off the skillet. The chicken breast was moist and tender. Overall, great choice! I also ordered a Mocha Madness Milkshake, which wasn't the best; but it was hand-dipped...that's the only way to go! The chocolate-chip banana muffin was some of the best tasting shit I've ever had! And nothing tops off a great eatery like good customer service. The staff remembered my name (first time going, btw) and made sure I had everything I needed. They worked with a smile!I have been here off and on throughout the time that I have lived in New Orleans. There are few things about this establishment that make you want to come back. First, the customer service. The person taking orders at the register made it her mission to have a personal investment with whom she was speaking. She called people by name, made sure tourists had good recommendations of food at Milk Bar as well as other good restaurants in the city. She was casual and kind and made you feel fantastic about what you just ordered! Second, was my sandwich. I had the sweet potato special "Yam-wich!" This wonderful combination of sweet potatoes, pesto, cheese, and sun dried tomatoes was delicious. They requested special orders and once I ate my yam-wich I had to tell someone how much I enjoyed it. Next time, I'll have too treat myself to a moo-shake!Money.... Just money all over this sandwich joint. Money money money.
The best sandwich place in Carrollton. The Clooney is one of the best I've ever had. Milkshakes made my knees quake. Mmmmm lawdy lawdy i need like Forty. 
Quick tip - while waiting for your order, read the funny pictures on the wall.Great place!!! I had the Wolf Me Down sandwich and a Chocolate Thunder From Down Under milkshake.  It was VERY good!!! The service is excellent and the food is excellent, too. Definitely worth it!!!Wow. I was blown away at this place. The store is just so adorable and the employees were super nice. It was a little crowded but we didn't wait more than 10 minutes for our food. I got the Pyscho Chicken, and I can honestly say it was the best sandwich I have ever had. It is HUGE and was only around 9 dollars. You can't beat it! I also got a vanilla milkshake, since I know they make them fresh. It was so creamy and rich; definitely not your ordinary plain "vanilla." I cannot wait to come back here again for more!Came here for lunch. Many friends recommended this place to me & the reviews were promising. Very small and quaint place. Order at the cashier & your food is then brought out to you. I got the blue wheeler sandwich. It was super cheesy, which was a plus, but overall, there wasn't much flavor from the beef or gravy. My boyfriend got the Clooney, which I liked much better than my own sandwich. The milkshakes definitely made up for the sandwiches though. Go for the caramel caramba!it was delicious! huge sandwiches with good bread. we had the psycho chicken, shrimply the best, and the clooney and we loved them. very family friendlyThe Clooney's choice was an amazing sandwich!!! It seem like everything was fresh and the milkshakes are wonderful as well. Highly recommend the milkbar.Shirley Valentine with blue cheese instead of feta was amazing today. I've had all 3 veggie sandwiches, and shrimp, numerous times but finally asked for that change bc not crazy about feta. Wow. Delicious blue cheese and was great compliment. I need to come back more often. Too hungry to stop for picture...sorryI love this place. It's always good. The food is always ready in a timely manner. I always get the Clooney's Choice and a Gone Bananas milk shake. I just wish this place was in Kenner/Metairie area as well.Holy Moly! I wish I had enough room in my stomach for a Milkshake but I could barely finish my lunch!
I was thinking about getting a salad then saw someones sandwich and HAD TO HAVE one. I decided on the Occidental Oriental - Marinated chicken, fresh red pepper, cucumber, carrot, beat sprouts, mozzarella and peanut satay sauce - $8.50. First, when I got the sandwich I thought that it was adorable that the waitress drew faces on the two O's singling that my sandwich was the Occidental Oriental. 
Second the sandwich was so big that I knew I wasn't going to be able to finish it, the left overs were just as good out the fridge as they were right out of the oven! In fact, I was trying to convince my family to go there for dinner that night so I could snag a milkshake!I can't believe this is right in my neighborhood and I've only now discovered it.  I think it's the word "milk" in the name. Bad word for a restaurant. I still can't get myself to try the popular restaurant Milkfish. "Milkfish?"  Yuck.  Plus it's in a strip mall, just never think good restaurants are in strip malls. I was vey wrong
Anyway, there is nothing I love better than a good sandwich and this place has them.   Yum!  I had the Blue Heeler, the roast beef was juicy and tender, yummy mushrooms, gooey mozzarella and blue cheese but the best thing was the ciabatta bread it was served on. Perfect sandwich bread, crispy on the outside soft and chewy on the inside and great flavor.  Daughter had the Empire chicken sandwich, I thought the chicken was a tad bland but again juicy and tender.    Big sandwiches too, both of us only ate half.
Ambiance and service were great, really nice staff.  The place was packed but we didn't have to wait too long to get served.  This will definitely be a go to place for us from now onThe Yam I Am was probably the best sandwich I've ever eaten. The ciabatta is buttery and slightly crispy with sweet potato, pesto, sundried tomato, olives, onions, feta and spring mix with balsamic ving. AWESOME combo of ingredients. The Yam sandwich isn't on the menu posted to Yelp but was a special at the Carrollton Ave location. 
Sandwich portions are huge so I recommend sharing. Milkshakes are not as amazing as they were cracked up to be, but nothing short of delicious. Friendly staff and cute atmosphere. Not a lot of seating so plan accordingly.Ordered ham and mozzarella sandwich and a pecan maple balsamic vinaigrette salad, wife got a chicken avocado sandwich; every single item was amazing. The bread was soft with a little crunch. The salad was fresh, amazing. Go here for a soft,  fresh meal.    The service is great, very helpful.Yall, seriously, this place does not need another 5 star review to convince you to go! It seriously is so freakin delicious and perfect in everyway that you need to make this place (or their Carrollton location) your next meal. 
Milk Bar is a perfect lunch place or early dinner. It's a breath of fresh air in the land of fried everthing, jambalaya, gumbo, and all the usual Nola eats. They do, however, have great po-boys but honestly, you need to have one of their massive sandwiches to understand the true glory of this place. 
Everyone raves about the Shrimply the Best sandwish and Thai Chili sandwiches and while they're good, the Clooney's Choice is my favorite. I usually never order grilled chicken because I find it quite dry but the way these folks have the chicken marinated and then topped off with gooey cheese and avocado (among other toppings) between two decadent buns of some sort (seriously, their bread is like crack--all my carb lovers should agree with me on this one!!). All sandwiches pair well with a bag of Zapp's chips and a soda and don't forget to end this delightful meal with one of their famous milkshakes. I've tried the vanilla, butterscotch, and chocolate and they are all wonderful! 
They have salads too (but you should get a sandwich). Prices are affordable and for the price to portion ratio, you're getting a lot of sandwich for your buck--like enough to eat only one half and keep the next half for later. I don't usually have enough self control to eat only half but maybe you do......enjoy!Absolutely amazing tortilla soup. I could eat it all day. Very reasonably priced sandwiches and po boys.This place rules. The sandwiches are delicious, they are a huge portion size, reasonably priced, and the service is always quick and friendly. Definitely one of my favorite lunch spots in the city. The shakes and coffee are great too! Personal favorite sandwiches would probably have to be Shrimply the Best and the Psycho Chicken. Highly recommend this place it has never disappointed!It's great. Their sandwiches are something else - a giant raclette style wheel of carbs, mean, veggies and cheese.  My particular favorite is the Wolf Me Down - an awesome mix of shaved lamb, hummus, and mozzarella.  I have no idea how they came up with that combination but it is heavenly.  Everything on the menu is good however.  I recently lunched on the chicken satay salad and it was also excellent without the large slab of bread.  Pick up orders are quick and easy and their Carrollton location is comfortable with lots of parking in the Walgreen's lot.Just love the Wolf Me Down!! OMG, so Delicious!! Great Little Sandwich Cafe!! Looking forward to trying other Sandwiches!!Love this place. Perhaps my new favorite place. Absolutely love speciality sandwiches and my favorite is the empirically delicious. I've never had their milkshakes but heard they were good. They are always packed it seems especially around lunch time.Close to perfection as a sandwich can get.
Where would i be without those trusted, high definition pictures of these wondrous creations to help me decide exactly what i ought be eating?!
Shrimply the Best was the winner of the picture show. I find it hard to believe that i could have made a better choice. I wanted to take a picture myself, i truly did, but ordering take-out and that aroma in the car ride back to my house left no time to do anything once i got there but to bust down my front door, claim the nearest seat, and commence the assault.
Bravo guys, really, bravo. I've already got my eye on the next sandwich i'll be trying: Thai chili lamb poboy. I love everything about every word in the name of that sandwich and it will be too much time until it Gets In My Bellyyy(Fat Bastard voice). 
Updates of all updates, coming soon.I love the milk bar! I love the original location more just for origins sake, but the location on Carrollton is stupendous (and way closer to where I live!).  I swear by the turkey and Brie sandwich (mind blowing) but the salads and all other sandwiches are great! They are huge, so that $10 sandwich is basically $5 per meal that you'll get out of that one sandwich :).  It's a super casual place, typically super busy, but efficient and absurdly good! Come! There's always some great jams at this location and it has a more urban hipster feel than the other which retains more of that quirky Aussie feel :)Three words - Satay Chicken Salad. It is definitely one of my favorite salads around. The sandwiches are absolutely amazing as well (Clooney's Choice is a staple). I live close, so whenever I want a quick bite, I'll drop in over here and order, go to Walgreens while I wait, and take it home. The milkshakes are really good too, but I go more for the sandwiches and salads. I have to try the soup, but it always sounds very good! So glad they opened it up over here -- parking lot is a huge plus.Still the best sandwiches uptown, maybe in the city. Also the friendliest service!! Love everything I've eaten here which is almost the whole menu. Lamb salad, wolf me down, shrimp The best and I Dream of Aubergenie are my favorites. Go. Eat.I was expecting a sen situational milkshake but received a thin cup of milk and ice cream. However the deli sandwiches are hot and on point.I ordered the Clooney's Choice sandwich and it was delicious. I also got the Chocthunder from Downunder milkshake which was also delicious. I don't remember what my husband got but he loved his sandwich. We will definitely be going back!So I'm heading down the sidewalk, going back to my car after a successful trip to Sally and what do I spy? A sign (probably from the universe). 
"Soup's On" it said. So I investigated (of course I did, there was soup). 
"Soup." I said when it was my turn at counter. The young lady gave me a total and noticed I was intrigued by another sign, this one describing a salad of baby spinal and roasted sweet potatoes. "Small or large" she asked. I replied, "small" and decided that this sandwich shop, where I don't have to make complete sentences to order, would be visited again. 
Seriously, I wonder why it took so long in the first place. Awesome people and speedy service. There was just enough time for me to read a series of international cow jokes posted on the wall and then my order was ready. 
The soup was delicious, creamy asparagus and cheddar. Not too thick, not too salty, and appropriately cheesey. 
The salad, crisp and savory. A very nice turn for sweet potatoes, which I did not expect or have high expectations for. 
When I go back, I'll try to have a complete sentence ready just in case Chelsea isn't at the counter. She gets me, but it's always nice to be prepared.Tried both the "Clooney's Choice" and the "Shrimply the Best" and I liked the shrimp one the best. They were both great! SUPER QUICK service, ideal for a pit stop!Their specialty is sandwiches, and they do it perfectly. Their salads are an afterthought, and I still need to try their milkshakes! I like the music they play here, and it's cute overall. Complimentary waterLove this new location closer to Mid-City.  It's still pretty small, but there are a few tables and a wall of barstools.  The best part: it's open on Saturdays, unlike the location by Touro.  
They serve espresso (the lattes are decent) and of course the sandwiches are just as delicious as they are at the original shop.  The regular sandwiches are huge and unique and they aren't just po-boys like almost every other sandwich shop in this city.  Fortunately, if you're into po-boys, they have some of those, too.  My favorites are the Occidental Oriental and the Thai Chili Chicken...so far.  I still haven't tried most of the menu including the salads and milkshakes because I keep ordering the same thing, but I will try more!
The crowd is a little obnoxious sometimes, but everything basically comes to go whether you're eating there or not, so it's easy to grab the food and leave if you have to.A great sandwich or salad restaurant. The service is always great. Love the peanut sauce on the salad or sandwich. Highly recommended!Best Sammy Ever! I will always hit up the Milk Bar for a "wolf me down"
Awesome!I should give it 5 stars for the caramel milkshake alone. Do not deny yourself the goodness that is the Milk Bar caramel milkshake. I got the veggie sandwich. I forgot what it's called. It was good, but I wish I had made some modifications to it. I deducted a star b/c they don't have any sides other than chips. I wish they had fries or potato salad. The bread they use is really good, too.Huge fan of this place.
I have never been to this place.  I got the opportunity to order food from them while being admitted to hospital... of all things!
This was the most awesome Grilled Chicken sandwich I ever had!  
Shakes were on spot too~Went here for lunch today with my co-worker. Our experience was delicious, quick and delightful. The food was amazing. My Shrimply the Best sandwich was so good and cheesy! The bread was perfection! The service was quick and the entire staff was really friendly. Looking forward to trying more sandwiches on the menu during future visits!Delicious sandwiches, great staff, and creative environment! Streetcar passes through south Carrollton and you have a view of mesmerizing oak trees on the way there. 
I love the psycho chicken and the shrimp the best is similar. My friends like the Shirley bc of the artichoke. All the sandwiches have cute names 
You get a lollipop and a cheesy sandwich I highly recommend.Ive only been here once so far but really enjoyed my sandwitch. I got the blue cheese roast beef. Only thing i would add to it is some mayo or a side of roast beef gravy, bc being from nola i like my sandwitches nice and juicy. Other than that it was great, good size, fresh ingredients, good bread. Ill be returning.I LOVE Milkbar's salads. They are always delicious, filling and fresh and they have a nice variety to suit my mood.  My son loves the roast beef bo-boy which, while maybe not as legit as other po-boys in town, is still big and tasty. My 13 year old daughter always gets the "Shrimply The Best" sandwich, which looks beautiful (I don't eat shrimp, I know, I know!) with shrimp grilled in pesto.
But the star for me, the absolute can't get better anywhere else is the damn Butterscotch milkshake. Holy cow (puns!), that shake is heavenly. Plus, they give you Chupa-Chups with your order!
My only woe is that they are closed on Sunday, but if that's my biggest complaint, I think 5 stars is in order.There really isn't a TON to say about this place.  Amazing sandwiches, friendly staff, great location with parking in the Pearl.  I order takeout here quite a bit.  I recommend the "Shrimply the Best" sandwich.  So much goodness.  Really not knocking off a star for anything they do "wrong" here, but it is a "order at the counter," above average sandwich shop, so I can't really see giving it five stars.I love this place.  It's a mile or so from my  home, but I've managed to eat there pretty regularly for the past couple of years.  The specialty sandwiches are excellent:  quality ingredients well prepared.  There are several vegetarian sandwiches and salads.  The po-boys are excellent as well.  The salads are outstanding--try the spinach salad with a side order of shrimp. (I think they steam their shrimp.  They are cooked perfectly)  I've had several of the other salads and they are of the same quality:  crisp greens with quality toppings with interesting combinations.  I've been so enthralled with the sandwiches and salads, I haven't tried the soups but,, if they are the same quality, they will be wonderful.  The Chocolate Thunder shakes are of the same quality.  You can't go wrong here.Food is absolutely delicious. Good milkshakes of course. The people there are awesome, really friendly and inviting environment. Much love :)Hands down my favorite sandwich place in New Orleans! I don't know how they make their bread, but it is heavenly, and all of their sandwiches taste so fresh. You get so much for your buck too! I would also recommend their soups in the winter, and I like to top off my meal with a handmade milk shake.First thing coming into town we needed something quick to grab to tide us over until dinner. Unbelievable. I had the Occidental Oriental and my husband had the Wolf something. Delicious. And we split a vanilla malt. (Only criticism would be that we couldn't taste the hummus on the Wolf. But still yummy.) We could only eat half our sandwiches... but we can't wait to eat the other half!Great sandwiches love the bread!!! Milk shakes are to die for!!! Only draw back is everything is served to go. Love me some Christmas in JulyNot from New Orleans, just stopped here on the recommendation of the clerk at Maple Street Books.  Well worth it!  I got the Christmas, and it was everything I hope for in a sandwich.  Excellent bread, two cheeses melted together, still steaming hot, no extra onions for heartburn, cranberry sauce! and very good turkey.  
The chocolate malted was also awesome.  
Docked a star just for the wait - we were there during what was apparently the late lunch rush (ordered at 2pm), and it took a little over 30minutes to get our sandwiches.  After waiting that long, the irrational and hangry were setting in, so it was very exciting that the sandwiches were awesome and negated the first impulse of cranky complaining.
They did have cold brew coffee as well, which is always bonus points in my book.Went here today in the summer heat looking for a great meal only to find that the restaurant is CLOSED until I think July 8th. Bummer for us as we were very hungry. Would have been nice if they had updated this instead of leaving a handwritten note on the door. Wasted trip.The hype is real here! This is a great lunch spot with salads, sandwiches, and milkshakes on the menu. 
Their sandwich list goes on and on. I had the occidental oriental ($9ish) and it was so amazing I could cry just thinking about it. I am not a fan of ciabatta but this bread was actually made my unicorns and fairies and angels. It was THAT GOOD. Also get a milkshake while you're there ($3.75....like really?!? It was huge and delicious). 
Tons of seating inside with a bathroom as well. Great friendly staff. Overall, a stellar place. 
PS--they're closed sundays!!Milk Bar has awesome sandwiches but what's even more ridiculously tasty are there milkshakes. I'm now several hundred miles away from being able to swing by Milk Bar for a milkshake, but I can dream. Highly recommend the banana, caramel, or butterscotch milkshakes - with malt added.They shrimply the best sandwich is so good an tasty .. I really enjoy it .. an also their milk shake to.I come here pretty frequently and am always treated very nicely by the person at the register who takes my order and have never one been disappointed with what I got. Their sandwiches and milkshakes are fantastic. Seriously, damn good sandwiches. It's pretty serious, heavy type food- most of them have lots of cheese / other sauces / meat. They get their bread fresh from La Boulangerie on Magazine St. 
Their milkshakes come up really quick, usually right after your order. Expect your sandwich to take about 10 minutes. It's so worth it. It'll probably last you two meals or at least a meal and a snack. Recommendations: Shrimply the Best, Christmas in July, and Clooney's Choice. But it's all good. Great po boys, too. And good salads. You can't go wrong here.God, I love Milk Bar. It's perfect to pickup and is right in the University Area.
Every sandwich I've gotten from here has been great. I'm convinced that the bread here is among the best in the city. The Psycho Chicken with a side of avocado is my go-to
The soups can be hit or miss.I love this place. The salads are fresh and delicious and super flavorful. My favorite is the Maple Pecan. I also like the Po-Boys, especially the delicious gravy on the Roast Beef one. My boyfriend loves the Psycho Chicken Sandwich and the Sweet Bleu Salad. They're fairly quick and prices are reasonable for the size of the sandwiches. We love this place!Both the sandwiches and salads are excellent. The Thai chicken po boy, satay chicken salad are two of my favorites but everything is excellent, quick, and cheap with sandwiches around $7/8 and salads a dollar or two more for the large. Highly recommend with friendly staff.the bread is so good it melts in your mouth! If you love roast beef get the BLUE HEELER ! You won't go wrong very fresh and made to order !Great lunch spot! Hidden gem for sure.I had the Christmas in July along with a Caramel shake. AMAZING!!! I have craved this place since we went. We all tried each other's which were just as delicious and chowed down. Soooo good!!A nice selection of fresh sandwiches and salads. Absolutely what I needed after a week of Cajun greasy food!Wow. Been hearing greet things about this place for a while and stopped in today because I happened to be in the neighborhood. Had a hard time choosing a sandwich because they all sounded so good. I went with Clooney's Choice and was not disappointed.  All of the components on the sandwich melted perfectly together into an ooey-gooey masterpiece, paired with a wonderfully crispy ciabatta roll. My only complaint is that it's not closer to where I live or work. Can't wait to try their other delicious offerings!I had heard a lot about Milk Bar from co-workers, and finally tried it. The first sandwich I got was the Psycho Chicken and it was okay. The size was great, but I wasn't completely in love. A few weeks later, I went back and got Clooney's Choice, and I loved it! I have also heard great things about the Shrimply the Best sandwich.
I still have to try one of their soups of the day (which they post on Facebook on each morning). 
I usually call ahead so I don't have to wait for them to make it. Usually ready in 10-15 minutes. Definitely recommend for lunch if you work in the area.Roast lamb po-boy was divine. Sandwich shop full of character. Great lunch venue off the St Charles streetcar tourist scene and perhaps for those enjoying Audubon park.This place is pretty awesome. My first visit I got the shrimply the best and it was SO DELICIOUS and FILLING. I could only eat half in one sitting. But I PROMISE I thought about the other half for the rest of the day lol. 
Their sammys are made in a circular/disc shape that I've honestly never experienced before. I thinks it's cool because it gives the bread this crisp out shell that's simply divine. And the ooey gooey-ness of the cheese, YUM is an understatement. 
The location is very unassuming in a strip mall. I think this spot is perfect for take out but if you eat in, read over their political interpretations on the wall, pretty entertaining. Also, they have options other than sandwiches, they have salads and even soups ( I tried the tomato bisque mmmmmmmm). 
Oh and ppl seem to dig their shakes! Definitely check this spot out. K?!I should dock them a star for not serving fries! What a disappointment! I think i would've had a five star experience had my sandwich come with fries.
Anyhow, the sandwiches are HUGE - especially for being under $10. Quality bread and meats. Super duper delish and will leave you in wonderfully woozy food coma. I was a huge fan of the Christmas in July and Clooney's Choice. 
Will be returning soon to try out their milkshakes and salads.We went there for the milk shakes! They were really good! We ordered the strawberry and cafe latte flavor, both were really tasty, the quantity is alot, and was hard to finish.
The signs were awesome, read the cow signs on the wall resembling each country.I really don't understand how this place gets such great reviews.  The food was ok but the shakes were terrible-my kids asked if they had been given flavored milk...that was the consistency.  I don't anticipate going back here the next time I'm in New Orleans.Strawberry Field milkshake is so good.
Their sandwiches are great, definitely go with Shrimply the Best, and they give you a different lollipop to correspond with the sandwich you order.Holy cow!  I ordered the "shrimply the best" sandwich and it was truly outstanding!  Nice atmosphere and friendly staff.  Best sandwich ever!!!I really like this little funky place.  The menu is really imaginative and well thought out.  Really interesting salads and sandwiches.  I tried the Chicken Psycho.  Sun dried tomatoes, pesto, mozzarella, calamata olives and red onion on ciabatta,  Toasted nicely.  This is a big sandwich and a good value.  The ingredients seem of really excellent quality.  There's a real freshness to it.  It makes me want to come back and try every other thing on this menu.  
I have one wish list item for them, however.  They're using a ton of plastic here.  The utensils, cups and salad containers.  None of them are biodegradable.  The trash cans here are full with them.  Could you maybe think about improving this?I crave these sandwiches weekly. I was out of town for Christmas and this was the first place I wanted to stop by for food when I got back. The sandwiches are huge and delicious! 
I always go in and take mine to go and it takes WAY too long, so I would suggest calling in before. Besides that it's a really yummy place!Yummy!!! My friend and I ordered the Occidental Oriental and the Psycho Chicken and took half of each. The Occidental Oriental was crazy good. The peanut satay makes it. The Psycho Chicken was just okay. The bread is amazing though.
We also each ordered a milkshake. Chocolate for me and Strawberry for her. My chocolate was very chocolatey. I hate it when I order a chocolate milkshake and get what tastes like vanilla with a little chocolate stirred in. This was NOT like that at all; it was so good! Her strawberry was super berry-licious as well. Mmmm. 
Service was pleasant. One girl was pleasant-ish, and the other was super pleasant. It balanced out :)  I can't wait to go back and try something else!Very cool place to go to and eat lunch. Christmas in July is sooo goood!   The bread is so soft , everything was muy delicioso. I have my eye on the blue heeler for next time. .Milk Bar hits the spot every.single.time. Blue Heeler is one of my favorites along with a chocolate milkshake and a strawberry chupa-chup. TIP: Milk Bar makes the BEST soup I have ever had (particularly the sweet corn and chicken)! Unfortunately soup is season, but always order it when available...The food we had was of exceptional quality. The outside of the place is deceiving (not eye-catching so you would stop by just to try), because you are very pleasantly surprised by the food. I had the Clooney's Choice sandwich, & I can't see how it could be improved upon. My friend had a Thai Chilli Sandwich and loved it. The fresh-baked Ciabatta bread is a major selling point. Prices seem just a bit high, since the sandwiches do not come with chips, & you would have to buy them separately. All in all, definitely worth trying.Sandwiches, salads, shakes, what more could you want!! This place is so cute and cow-themed and sell shirts that say "MOO DAT." The Clooney's choice is amazing and is my absolute favorite thing on their menu. I love that the avocado on it is mashed rather than how it's sliced at other sandwich places, and it's served so hot and fresh! Their maple pecan feta salad is also great, the pecans are roasted and are a little sweet and so tasty! Although they put a lot of dressing so you might want to ask for light dressing. Also I got chicken added to my salad once ($2) and it sorta tasted like canned tuna so I haven't added chicken to my salads since. But overall I love Milk Bar, get the Clooney!!These sandwiches are sooo good. I also got a chocthunder down under shake and it was delicious. It was the best milk shake I've ever had. I don't usually get milkshakes, but I get one every time I go to the milk bar. YOU MUST EAT HERE!I always take tourist so they can enjoy the atmosphere. They always seem to love it! I'm a taxi driver and love to see the look on the faces of people from places like Kentucky. Umm Umm Good!
Charles Westbank Cab.I am not a big sandwich/salad fan, but working Uptown and not being the best at making leftovers means having to branch out for lunch. And I am so glad I did! Not that I have a ton of experience with sandwiches, but the Psycho Chicken is the best chicken sandwich I've ever had. Wonderfully seasoned chicken on the best bread ever. Plus, it's huge! Seriously two meals' worth. The staff is always super friendly and fun. And you get Chups Chups with your sandwich! The atmosphere of this little place is awesome, and I love going there.If you're looking for an awesome place to
Grab a quick lunch, definitely check this place out. When I'm being indecisive about what I'd like to eat I almost always choose this place because they always deliver hot, fresh, tasty food. Their prices are fair, for what you get and I've never had to wait more than 10minutes for my food. Whenever you go, be sure to try the Go Bananas milkshake (with extra bananas) and the Empirely Delicious sandwich (think of the most delicious Caesar salad you've ever had, on top of the most tender chicken breast you've ever had, sandwiched between to pieces of the freshest bread you've ever had: good, right?)Banana milkshake. HOLY SHIT! Staff is really nice. Didn't get food, but will absolutely return. Soon.Visiting New Orleans and wanted to try a few different spots for po'boys. Milk bar has a different take on the traditional sandwich - their shrimp version is more of a toasted sandwich with cheese, but very good. 
One discouraging thing: my sandwich came loaded with shrimp hanging out, but all of the shrimp were not deveined - not overly appetizing to look at... I ended up spending 5 minutes cleaning all of my shrimp, reconstructing my sandwich, then enjoying it.This place is great. I've been there a handful times, but the only thing I get is the Clooney... it's too good to try anything else. Everything on their menu sounds fabulous, but I'll stick with the Clooney :)Their sandwiches are the bomb. Each sandwich is $10 plus each but it's so worth it. It's huge and could probably share with 1 other person. Their bread is delicious. I think that's what makes it.I LOVE THIS PLACE. I always get the Psycho Chicken sandwich. I want to get out of my comfort zone and try other types but I just love that sandwich sooo much that i can never actually go through with it. I've also had a bunch of the milkshake flavors and they're all delicious, although my favorite is the Cappuccino Cloud. Heaven. The workers are always super sweet and friendly and the music is relaxing. LOVE Milk Bar. I wish they had one closer to me (Elmwood).We stumbled upon Milk Bar after touring Tulane. Good location, about a 15 minute walk from campus and close to the trolley station. The sandwiches? Delicious! Great variety and everything tasted great. Also VERY friendly service. Great experience, glad we found it.excellent... the shrimp sandwich is great  great bread too. shakes are good but would like them to be a little bigger for price. always seems to go so fast, i will need to look inside and check how high its filled up. still a great place.
Would be nice if they had some kids sized choices for food. serving milkshakes usually means some kids will be in there too.Man, I live not far from here and I always go to supercuts EVERY month, but I never come to this place because I think this is a yoghurt or ice cream kinda store judging by its name and logo (C'mon, it's a cow with a title milk bar!). 
Finally, tonight I give it a try and I am pleased with the food! Absolutely delicious and reasonable price! I ordered oriental sandwich (the one with peanut sauce). Love it! Reminds me of Indonesian salad (gado-gado) but served with a bread plus cheese. Next time I will try to dine in. Really like the ambiance and the songs they have.Much better interior than the Delachaise location, and not being connected to a loud smoky bar is always a plus.
The sandwiches are vastly underrated, and of course the shakes are delicious. Again I love this area so that gives it a bump as well.I really like sandwiches. I think if I could, I'd eat a sandwich for breakfast, for lunch and for dinner. In fact, sometimes I do. That means that my favorite meal of the day is whenever I can have a sandwich. Milk Bar has lots of tasty and diverse options which means its going to be one of my new favorite places to go in town. 
I had the Occidental Oriental which was really well put together. I'm excited to go back and try other options.Great college row sandwich place. A bright, friendly, turquoise painted hole-in-the-mall decorated with all themed things cow (milk bar ; )
Sandwiches are deceiving... ate the whole thing and was full the entire day... so sharing could be a good thing depending on your capacity for rich food. Had the lemon marinated chicken sandwich (flavor bomb! Had ours without cheese) and the lamb and hummus, all terrific. The menu said ciabatta roll, what came out looked more like the love child of baguette and brioche, which I chalked up to a difference in interpretation of the word ciabatta between the northeast and southwest. Whatever the name, again, delish. Potato chips were overkill, even though I love the New Orleans brand. They also do a wide array of interesting milkshakes. If I lived there, I'd prob go moo times. Sorry. Couldn't resist.In town from San Diego and found this spot. It was highly recommend.  Tried the Clooney, it was awesome, perfectly toasted to perfection with a great flavor. Unlike George Clooney it was defiantly one of my top 5 sandwiches. It did not disappoint at all. Well rounded flavor with the right mix of flavor. Thanks for the great foodShared two sandwiches the Clooney and the blue something (forgot) defiantly a cool ass chill spot.The Clooney was recommended by Chelsea and it was delicious.  Trying the Occidental Oriental today.  Can't wait!!!
So delicious.In NOLA, there sure are a lot of poboys. I have yet to find a spot for a hot sandwich on good (ciabatta) bread with a variety of cheeses. 
What I had: "clooneys choice" and iced coffee. 
-Didn't care for the iced coffee. Tasted to me like hot brewed coffee that had been left out and then iced.
-Sandwich was just as good as it looks.I really enjoyed the chocolate shake I got here.Great breads + never ending sandwich creations + real milkshakes = go to lunch spot
I love that as a vegetarian I can make substitutions on their sandwiches.  They are also huge and I always end up with half a sandwich as a leftover.  Great place!This place is consistently so solid. The food is all great, and the service is always friendly and fast. My favorites are the Chicken Satay Salad and the Shrimply the Best Sandwich. Ohh and the Occidental Oriental. You really can't go wrong.I've been a lover of Milk Bar for years. Recently visited the new uptown location - much of an improvement in terms of space.  Some of the best artisan sandwiches in town (complete with tasty little lollipops). Staff is always nice and service is relatively speedy. Only downside is that they are located so far away from my spot.I'm one of those people that feel like good service is almost as important as good food.  In my opinion, bad service can truly taint your opinion of a place and somehow stays with you long after the delicious meal has digested.
For this reason, I have a difficult time giving Milk Bar anything more than an A-Ok (3 stars).  And truthfully....I teetered between 2 and 3 stars for a long time.  Here's my experience....
A friend and I decided to meet there for lunch.  I'd received rave reviews and was really looking forward to it.  We met up at the Carrollton location and proceeded to get in line to make an order.  The woman behind the counter was very cold and "matter of fact."  She seemed impatient with me and annoyed that I didn't "know the drill" of ordering.  I could have slightly understood this reaction if there were anyone in line behind me...but there wasn't.  Keep in mind, this was my first visit to Milk Bar.  Next time, I'll have the swing of things.  But I must say, she put an awful taste in my mouth with her funky attitude.  There is nothing I dislike more than being treated like an idiot on my first visit somewhere for not knowing the protocol.  It's a wonder anyone goes back.
Well...actually...it isn't.  The sandwich I ordered was delicious.  I ordered The Psycho and thoroughly enjoyed it!  So yummy!  Paired with Zapps chips...I was in Heaven.
I'm absolutely going to return to Milk Bar.  The sandwich was totally worth it and maybe the woman behind the counter was having a bad day.  At least...I hope she was and I won't have poor customer service again.  I'll keep y'all posted :)OH MY GOODNESS!!! This place is amazing. So went with my Dad to grab lunch and could not figure out what to have as their were so many appealing options. We settled on I dream of Aubergenie and the Christmas in July. We decided to share since both of us were salivating for a few different options. Both sandwiches were phenomenal. It was a bit too much cheese for me but for someone who eats cheese on a regular basis they will love it! Can't wait to go back to try a few more!The best sandwich shop uptown for sure. Absolutely delicious and filling. A staple for college kids and anyone who enjoys a good mealMilk Bar is one of the best places to go for a good sandwich and THE place to go for a milkshake. I would recommend the Shirley Valentine sandwich and the Chocolate Thunder milkshake.A neighborhood, family-feel, kid-friendly, adult-friendly, absolutely delicious sandwich shop.  They do all the little details right.
I love the menu.  Everything from the variety, descriptions, and names of the sandwiches/salads are filled with character.  Makes me want to order everything on it.
We tried the Psycho Chicken and Shrimply the Best with the Chocolate Shake.  Both sandwiches were awesome.  The ciabatta was to die for - and I'm usually not a huge ciabatta fan.  Toasted perfectly, but still soft.  Both sandwiches had pesto on them which really took the sandwich to the next level.  I think we finally decided that we liked the shrimp better but both were delicious.
The chocolate shake was good.  Would I prefer to walk around the corner and grab a chocolate freeze from Camellia Grill?  Probably.  But not too shabby.The chocolate banana milkshake is amazing and one of my favorites! I've been here a few times and haven't tried their sandwiches yet but I've only heard great things about them. If you come during an off time during the week the workers are awesome and super friendly. The one Saturday I went the place was packed and there wasn't much room to even wait for our shakes. Pretty nice sized parking lot but it covers several businesses. Side note-The cow pictures all around the walls with different countries represented are hilarious.Great sandwiches and even better cold brew (some of the best I've had). Also a fun and relaxed atmosphere - the baristas were super friendly. Yum!! Love this place.SO good. I went for the most popular sandwich- Clooney's Choice. No regrets! I even came back during my short New Orleans trip to eat the same thing again. They use ciabatta bread, and it's definitely not the type of sandwich where all you think you're eating is a bunch of bread. The sandwich is reminiscent of a panini, where the bread is nicely toasted, the cheese is melted just right, and everything is just Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh. It was not too heavy and greasy, and the avocado and tomatoes added nice balance.
Definitely a great choice to get a milkshake!! (Although maybe not so good for my diet) After walking around Orleans, I realized that most milkshakes are $6+ but this was an affordable $3-4. and it was DELISH. (I got the cappuccino cream. It wasn't too sweet; it was actually kind of airy/icy)Omggggggg the service was amazing. We tried the Mediterranean Lamb Salad, Mexican Chipotle Ranch Salad, and the Clooney's Choice. Omg to die for. It's like heaven on Earth.FINALLY I've found a place with salads and sandwiches! As a native, I love New Orleans food, but I just can't eat all that heavy stuff all the time, and I've been wondering for a while what Milk Bar was all about. It may become my go-to lunch spot. My friend and I both intended to only eat half of our giant sandwiches, but couldn't stop at only half of the deliciousness, so we wound up eating the whole thing. And the bread...!!! The bread was amazing. Looking forward to returning and trying more of the menu.Gotta be honest, wasn't impressed with location or the look of the place, and almost let that keep from eating there, but I really can't describe just how amazing their food is; I was blown away. The employee lovingly directed us to the top part of the menu, when we were about to order from bottom part labled 'hot po' boys', she said they're all hot, and trust me the top of menu is best! 'Shrimply the best' is my favorite pick so far, but I hope to eventually try all of them. Very unique and high quality food and ingredients...I wasn't even in the mood for a sandwich, I wanted a burger, but wow, so glad I went...Fantastic food. The kind of place where they never forget your name or favorite sandwich. All around cool place.Great Sandwiches and Unreal Salads - just save room for the shakes!
I just took my son to another great lunch - for a 9 year old to give raves for his sauteed shrimp poboy with mozzarella is saying a lot.  It was huge and he is into the second half and is usually not a big eater.  It was fresh and the bread was perfect and the cheese was ooey gooey delicious but not too much to be totally overwhelming.
I had the chicken satay salad and the fresh mix of greens with the bean sprouts, fresh (not hot) peppers, carrots and cukes was perfect on the hot New Orleans day.  Now about his down under chocolate shake - if I could have taken the whole thing I would have, but the kid is fast, I tell ya - FAST!  It was rich and yummy.  What a treat!{Pleasantly surprised by this much needed Uptown sandwich joint}
The Carrollton/Riverbend neighborhood has been in desperate need of a sandwich place of this quality for years! The ingredients are fresh/delicious and the specialty sandwich options and  creative combinations make it tough to come to a decision and keeps you wanting come back for more.  
The service was pleasant and quick, our group of 6 during lunchtime had no problem getting in and out in 40 minutes. I had the "Christmas in July" and for $8.00, the gigantic sandwich could easily be split into two meals. I didn't try a milkshake on my first visit but I am looking forward to going back next week. Welcome to the neighborhood, Milk Bar!Dlicieux sandwich  l'aubergine! Po-boy grande taille. Milk Shake  la vanille crmeux. Le tout trs copieux et pas cher. Sur place ou  emporter. Queue rapide. Populaire et pour cause!I had the chili Thai lamb Po'boy. The lamb was tender, but the spice was lacking. Not sure if I feel compelled to return. I think I'd prefer it on softer bread...When I'm in the mood for a sandwich thats not a po-boy this is what I envision. You order and pay at the counter and they call your name when your order is ready so its a very casual atmosphere. The girl who helped us was very friendly and well versed, she was able to answer any questions we had and with enthusiasm recommended her top 3 menu choices. The food came out quick and whether you are dining in or not everything comes wrapped and bagged to go. I was impressed with the freshness of the ingredients and the sandwich was nice a hot. The salad was a mixed green salad loaded with toppings. I felt the need to try a milkshake since after all, the word milk is in their name. I opted for the plain vanilla just to try the consistency and was pleased. It wasn't super thick, but had a nice smooth flavor.What a great lunch spot. I stopped in to this joint at first thinking it was a bar that served milk based cocktails, little did I know that it was one of the best places for salads and sandwiches in the city. Today I had the lamb salad and it was wonderful. Your typical greek salad loaded with lamb and roasted eggplant all for just $8. The people around me had sandwiches that looked great as well. Then I had an excellent chocolate shake to go with my salad. I will soon be back.I always get the Clooney. Delicious! The food is great but the staff are usually frazzled college kids running around. They almost always get an order wrong, but they're trying. Right? I always call ahead and then show up, pay and leave quickly. This place is pretty packed during lunch time. Enjoy!Tried the Milk Bar for the first time today. LOVE LOVE LOVE it.  The sandwiches are awesome. The bread is exceptional.  The thing that comes to mind is that the sandwiches looked like they were made out of love, there's no other way for me to explain it.  Service is fast and friendly.  Husband loved the very chocolatey chocolate shake and their hot coffee is just good, hot coffee.  This is a gem of a sandwich place.Definitely a cool spot! Service was great and my food came out quick. I got the Chicken Satay salad. It was fair. I think this place is better for sandwiches. The didn't seem fresh and there wasn't enough dressing on the salad. It also tasted like they used bottled peanut sauce on the chicken. I am definitely going to return to this place because it was extremely busy, so I know the menu has good items. Gonna stick to the sandwiches next time though.This review is based strictly on their sandwiches, mainly the Clooney and the Psycho Chicken.  Even though I  have ordered from this restaurant many times, I'm hooked on these two sandwiches!  Both were absolutely fantastic.  The bread was freshly baked and flakey, and the various flavor profiles were spot on.  The workers are very friendly and funny.  I also love the cow decor, which outlines funny antidotes for various countries around the world (you have to see it to understand what I'm talking about).  I'm thinking that they would make a killing putting this concept on wheels (i.e. Food truck).Cute spot with delicious hot sandwiches and cold beverages. The Psycho Chicken sandwich was just the right amount of gooey cheese, salty olives, fragrant pesto, and sweet sun dried tomato with chicken in between toasted bread. Skip the freezes and try a shake or smoothie. My lemon lime freeze was just meh. Service was quick and friendly.Very cool little sandwich and salad shop. 
I had the lamb sandwich with a chocolate milkshake, and could not have been more pleased with my lunch!The clooneys choice is the greatest thing ever. This sandwich got me through many hellish days during graduate school and has since become a family favorite.Loved everything we ate today. The chocthunder milk shake, raspberry lemonade, and turkey po boy were all wonderful.Friendly and informative staff. Extensive menu. Delicious, robust sandwiches. Very tasty beverages. Interesting painting and prints on the walls. Plenty of sitting space on a weekday afternoon.Dear sandwich gods
Thank you for bringing a second milk bar location within walking distance from my house. My friend and I both had all veggie sandwiches and literally could not stop ourselves from moaning out of sheer joy with each bite. It was packed during lunch not sure how it would work trying tk eat inside but we called ours in at 1 on a weekday and they were ready in 15 minutes. One sandwich is huge. Can't wait to try a milkshake.Best sandwich place in New Orleans!  Thai Chili Chicken Poboy alldayeveryday.Some darn good sandwiches at this place. We were craving some good sandwiches and ended up here after some research and boy we're glad for that! The service is really amazing and the food even better!
Service: order at the counter and grab a seat.
We tried The Blue Heeler and the chicken Parmesan. Absolutely delicious food that is fresh and filling. Quantity and quality is superb! They serve the food in brown bags and put lollipops in the bag as well. I found that to be a nice little touch. 
The Blue Heeler is so good! They really load up on this sandwich and all the ingredients are fresh and delicious! Their iced mocha is really good and the banana strawberry smoothie so a great way to finish it off.I had the Thai Chili Lamb poboy and it was Fabulous!   I usually eat half a poboy and save the rest for later - Impossible with this sandwich.  Dieters beware of this sandwich.After taking the streetcar from Bourbon St to see the Garden Dist on our second day in town, we were thirsty and craving ice cream... this place was everything and MORE!!! My husband went with a Banana and Chocolate combo, while I stuck with an original chocolate (Chocolate Thunder from Downunder). We were beyond impressed with the quality of the ice cream (they don't just use syrups like some places), the portion size, and the prices (cheaper than the chains)!! In fact, it was so good, we had to go back the next day to get another round... same for my husband, but I mixed strawberry and chocolate this time!!! Still out of this world!!! Our only complaint is that we don't have one back home!!I've been making return visits to this establishment periodically, in an attempt to work my way through the entire menu.  This is quite an arduous task, because each of the menu selections I've had thus far, has demanded a repeat performance.  I've had scrumptious salads, and the Shrimply the Best sandwich with grilled shrimp is divine.
I usually have a Chocolate Milk Shake or, a Raspberry Lemonade with a Voodoo Style bag of Zapp's Potato Chip as I await the preparation of a salad or, sandwich..  Today, I encountered the menu item that will not get a repeat performance, and it's probably just a matter of personal preference.  My lunch choice today was a Panini  style sandwich entitled, the Occidental Oriental on Sourdough Bread with Brussels Sprouts, marinated chicken, cucumber slices and a Peanut Satay Sauce.  The sandwich included some other ingredients which I cannot seem to recall because the exorbitant amount of Brussels Sprouts and the Peanut Satay Sauce were overwhelming.  This preparation turned out to just not be the right combination for me.  Between the bitterness of the Brussels Sprouts and the tangy  sweetness of the Peanut Satay Sauce, I had difficulty enjoying the Sourdough Bread, marinated chicken, cucumber slices and any of the other overlooked ingredients.  Fear not, this experience shall not deter me from accomplishing my goal of sampling more of the menu, if not the entire menu, because there are several more intriguing options still yet available.For an inexpensive sandwich/salad place, it is nearly perfect. Very consistent, good prices, serve-yourself water refills, portable containers. My friend always orders the Christmas in July and adores it. I get different salads, and I'm always pleased. However, the chicken is pre-cooked and is not flavorful, almost off-putting. I prefer to throw some protein on my salad, but I don't recommend that here.Doesn't look like much from outside but a great little sandwich shop!  The sandwiches are really enough for two people. We were able to split 4 between 6 people and have some left over. Thai chicken is amazing and roast beef is fantastic!  Don't leave without a milk shake!Shrimply the best is amazing. I got it without onions and tomatoes. However, the place is small and it was a bit loud. Good experience overall.JOLTS... Is what I felt as I ate this perfectly made sandwich. On a toasted warm-- crunchy, yet soft inside -- of a ciabatta loaf is the highlight of this sandwich because the bread melts in your mouth and takes you to flavor nirvana.
I got the 'Clooney's Choice  with marinated chicken, avocado, tomato, roasted red peppers, red onion, mozzarella, cilantro and lemon mayo. My friend got the 'I Dream of Aubergenie' with roasted eggplant, roasted red pepper, red onion, calamata olives, feta, mozzarella, pesto and hummus. 
I was visiting New Orleans from south florida and I really wish I could bring this to the tastebuds of soflo. 
BRAVO, out of 5 stars their sandwiches is 1000.WHY WOULD YOU BE CLOSED ON SUNDAY?????? The only day I want to eat sandwiches and milk shakes.  Furious.Anyone who knows me knows sandwiches are my all time favorite food, and Milk Bar is my Holy Grail. I find fewer things more comforting than taking my sandwich out of the brown paper bag with my name on it, unwrapping it, and seeing the melted mozzarella ooze from the sandwich as I pick up half of the perfectly toasted ciabatta bread. It's like Christmas morning for my stomach every time I go here.
Milk Bar seriously has some of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten, though I will admit that I tend to stick with the same rotation of sandwiches. My favorites are the Shrimply the Best, Clooney's Choice, and Thai Chili Chicken on ciabatta (it's on the menu as a po-boy). My absolute favorite of the three is the Shrimply the Best, which has shrimp, pesto, lemon mayo, mozzarella, tomatoes, and red onions. Yum!!!
Only qualm I have with this place is I'm never sure if I should finish my sandwich or save it for later. Half isn't filling enough, but once you start eating the second half, you realize how huge the sandwiches really are! I tend to eat half then heat the other half up later after a night of drinking. Bonus points for being quality drunk food.We had the chicken parm po-boy and the "Shrimply the Best" sandwich. Both excellent, as was the "Mocha Madness" shake. 4 stars, not 5, because (like way too many places theses days) the place was so noisy.First of all I want to say the staff is AMAZING! The wonderful clerk put a lollipop in my daughters to go order and I think that little extra is the sweetest. I had the Clooney and let me say that I don't like onions but that sandwich was sooo good!!! I got the croissant as another parent mentioned without tomato for my little and she's picky but ate it!! I had the raspberry lemonade and it was delicious and I ordered the banana berry smoothie for my daughter and she loved it!! I'll be back!!!I have never been unhappy with the sandwiches from Milk Bar. I first tried it when they catered a sorority event, and I couldn't wait to get there again. Each sandwich has its own personality and flavor. Moreover, the sandwiches are so large that there is no way you could finish the whole thing in one sitting.
Personally, I recommend Shrimpley the Best or Clooney's Choice.I've been to the other Milk Bar on Delachaise but this one is conveniently very close to my apartment. Clooney's choice is definitely my favorite sandwich! Service is pretty slow, but I'm guessing that is due to the ONE register they have. The only downside to Milk Bar being so close is that after getting a sandwich, a milk shake, and a bag of chips... it gets expensive real quick!Whoop whoop!
Excellent sandwich shop! 
Sandwiches are bigger than your head and salad was fresh! Great ingredients and the combinations of fresh ingredients made for a delicious experience. 
The bread is also fresh and excellent
But oh...oh my..those milkshakes brought this boy to the yard, and dang right, they're better than yours!LOVE this place! In part because the sandwiches are huge and fabulous, not to mention creative, including their salads as well, but also because the staff here are top notch! Fast, efficient service, along with people who remember your names and your orders and treat you as friends makes for one of the best places around.This may very well be my fav place to get a not po-boy Sammy in NOLA. I haven't had anything I didn't like from here and the milk shakes are great!!!Choc thunder from down under and just about every sandwich... yes.Always delicious. The friendly Aussie owners do a great job. Quirky but not over-the-top decor. My favorites: the Mediterranean Lamb Salad, Chicken Satay Salad, and Butterscotch Hop milkshake. Keep in mind they are closed on Sundays (which seems to always be when I'm craving their food most). Also was packed the one time I went for lunch on a Saturday and speed of service suffered a bit (water jug was out for the full hour we were eating; one friend in my group of 5 didn't get her sandwich until about 15 or 20 min. after the rest of us were served). But, on a weekday, can't go wrong!Had the Clooney's Choice and it was very good. I sort of forced myself to eat the entire sandwich because it was that good, but I definitely should've saved half for later. The ingredients used are fresh and just blend well together. I would definitely go back again to explore more on the menu.Milk Bar is a cute place! I think the cow decor is funny (definitely a fan). I got the "Christmas in July" sandwich, which was served toasted with brie and cranberries--it was excellent. I also got a gazpacho which was decent.My wife always wants to go out for ice cream. I think going out for ice cream is a foolish notion. One could buy a gallon of comparable ice cream at the grocery store for the price for two people going out for a scoop apiece. My wife says, "Its not about the price. Its about the experience." I say, "Is just being with me not a good enough experience for you?" 
I had been making inroads against her frivolous impulses, but the Milk Bar gets a bonus star for turning my wife off from going out for ice cream (and ice-cream-related beverages) once and for all.
My wife was craving a milkshake. We were driving down Carrollton Avenue. Ah, up ahead! The Milk Bar! She had heard good things about the establishment, and this was an opportune time. I held my usual protestations and parked the car.
We approached the counter, perused the milkshake offerings, and consulted the cashier on the best flavors. We ordered mocha and butterscotch shakes for over $7 and left a dollar tip. The young man making the milkshakes scooped regular vanilla ice cream into a vintage Vitamix pitcher. He then free-poured some milk and the remainder of a Torani butterscotch syrup bottle into the pitcher, blended, and poured into a 16 oz. styrofoam cup.  I thought to myself, "Three dollars and fifty cents [I always spell out numbers when I think] for such a small milkshake? Perish the thought; maybe it makes up for it in quality." The mocha shake was concocted with similar disdain for proper proportion.
The quality of product reflected the care put into the process. The butterscotch shake was so sweet and butterscotch-y that I expected that we would turn yellow and be carried away by Oompa Loompas. The mocha shake was far too thin and generally uneventful. We had been BAMBOOZLED! I demand greater satisfaction for nearly $9!
Looking back at the reviews, perhaps we were wrong to order milkshakes instead of sandwiches. Or perhaps the Milk Bar is wrong for PUTTING "MILK" IN THEIR NAME AND "SHAKES" ON THEIR SIGN AND SERVING SUB-PAR MILKSHAKES! Or perhaps I am just a tightwad that should buy my wife more ice cream with all these $5 words at my disposal. 
Nonetheless, I am pleased that my wife decided to amend her foolish ways. 2 StarsShrimp and a milk shake? Why not. 
Their shrimp sandwich is one of my favorites but you can't ever leave without a milkshake, no matter how full you may be!Great food and great atmosphere. Service is friendly and quick. This is obviously a good place to work, as the staff is always smiling and having a good time. The Ham and Mozzarella ( on toasted Ciabatta) is great and the Chipotle Ranch Salad is one of my favorite salads in town. I love to walk in a place and be greeted by name! Also don't forget to have a milkshake- Caramel, Banana and Strawberry...always a difficult choice for me.The milkshakes aren't anything to brag about so don't be too disappointed. Where this place wins is with the sandwiches. If you can handle a decent amount of food, make the wise decision of having your sandwich made in poboy form. I can assure you that you won't leave hungry. That tip is very valuable if you consider it's coming from someone who has always made the argument that the only good poboys are the ones which come from gas stationsLately I've been obsessed with my new favorite sandwich: Yam I Am. Roasted sweet potatoes and balsamic vinegarette is a surprisingly delicious combination I've been trying to eat more of! And Milk Bar delivers that flavor combo in spades!
Like their HUGE and fresh salads, as well as their drinks. Keep on saying I'm going to try other things but as soon as I walk in the door, I go back to my "usuals."
Cute funky atmosphere with the old two political cow on the wall. Clean bathrooms. All their food comes to you either in butcher paper or plastic, takeout ready. So there isn't really table side service.
One star off for inconsistency. Sometimes the sandwiches are HUGE and only 1/2 of one fills me up. Other times, it's only 1/2 filled with the ingredients.What a cool little lunch spot.  You could also eat dinner here if you want either a sandwich or salad, as there are no entrees.  But you know what.....they don't need any stinkin' entrees.   Our first visit to Milk Bar was a huge success and we are definitely planning on a return trip in the future. 
We were out cruising the uptown area looking for a late late lunch spot.  Actually, it was more of an early dinner since it was already after 4:30 PM and we had not eaten since breakfast.....but I digress.  After cruising the entire length of Magazine Street from the CBD to the zoo, we took many mental notes on places we wanted to try; most of them based on Yelp reviews. 
We (I) had been wanting to try the Milk Bar for a while and a quick peek at Yelp "sold me".  Parking was a snap in the huge lot and the place was fairly empty, although there was a steady stream of patrons picking up to go orders.  The dining room was exceptionally clean and the cashier was extremely personable and courteous. 
Milk Bar doesn't have any servers.  You simply order at the counter and wait for your name to be called.  I am guessing that even though they have 8-10 tables inside, the majority of their business is take out; as the food is served in to go styled plastic containers, and the sandwiches are wrapped in butcher paper and served in a brown bag.
My better half had the "I DREAM OF AUBERGENIE" sandwich, which consisted of roasted eggplant, roasted red peppers, red onion, calamata olives, feta cheese pesto and hummus; all served on a freshly baked ciabatta loaf.  If I'm not mistaken, I think there was some mozzarella cheese too.  Even though I prefer a sandwich with meat, this will appeal to meat lovers and vegans alike.  The eggplant is cooked perfectly, the pesto and cheese portions are very generous and the bread is amazingly fresh.  Glad my wife could not et it all, as I was afforded a nice sample to Yelp about.
Trying not to overindulge in 2,000 +  calorie meals, I got the Mediterranean lamb salad.  My picture does not convey how heavy this salad was, as it was "stuffed' into its container.  Consisting of romaine lettuce, roasted eggplant, roasted red peppers, calamata olives, feta cheese, red onions, tomato and warm lamb with a minted vinaigrette, it did not disappoint.   I did however find the lamb to have a unique texture that i was not crazy about, as it was a lamb roast that had been sliced super thin, like it was a chisesi ham.  I would have preferred chunks of cooked lamb as IMHO, it would have been perfect.  Also, the mint in the minted vinaigrette was almost imperceptible.  A little more would be perfect.  But these are just minor personal preferences of mine and I would definitely consider getting this salad again.
It just wouldn't seem right not to get a milk shake or malt while we were here.  So we got a "Butterscotch Hop" malt to go.  Even though I only had a few sips, it was enough to know that this place was cranking out some serious malts.  I am not a butterscotch candy eater nor do I ever get butterscotch toppings on any ice cream sundaes I eat, but this malt was kicking.  The butterscotch was super sweet, but the malt powder added that little "throat burn" that I love and actually balance out the sweetness.
Great sandwich, great salad, great malt.......GREAT restaurant!Yummo!!! Really great sandwiches. Our group had the shrimp poboy, I Dream of Aubergenie (super yummy), Caesar salad, and the vanilla, chocolate, and butterscotch milk shakes. Lots of food, extremely delicious, nice staff.So, you come in here expecting it to be milkshakes and smoothies and possibly coffee, and you get all of that and more!! The sandwiches are surprisingly amazing. Like some of the best sandwiches. Clooney's choice tastes very fresh. They have all of the zapp's to choose from and their milkshakes are good and reasonably priced. My favorite is the mocha madness. I had the Thai chili chicken today and it was very good but a little too much chili sauce. Easily fixable I just took some off. And another plus is the service there. Everyone is very sweet and they usually play good music. Love the moo crew.Oh my gosh!  There are no words to express how amazing this place is.  Everything is amazing such a twist on sandwiches you will defiantly leave wanting to come back over and over again!This place is great! Amazing bread, soup, sandwiches and shakes. It's all delicious!!! Worth the wait if you find a line.I got the Clooney's choice and was not disappointed! There was something slightly sweet about this sandwich that I didn't love and couldn't quite identify, but overall it was really good. Large portions, but definitely pricey I think for what you get. If you're craving a big warm sandwich, I think this is an awesome spot to go. I walked here, but the parking lot looked like a pretty good size. I could also see it being a good takeout option...it seems really more designed for that in layout and the way they bring food out in paper bags. I do love the lollipop that comes with your food...it's a cute touch!Blue cheese lovers, the blue Heeler is your go to sandwich (if you love roast beef and are also not vegan!). This sandwich is phenomenal. 
First, the ciabatta bread was light and buttery. The sandwich, itself, is toasted perfection. They give you a hearty serving of meat. My only complaint is that the meat could be a bit more seasoned. It's not bland, but it's also not seasoned to my liking. But, have no fear! They re-compensate for any lack of seasoning with the other ingredients! 
They give nice portions of the other ingredients, especially cheese! When you pull the sandwich apart, you're likely to get that "stringy effect" from the cheese that you see on commercials. 
I cannot wait to go back. The service is awesome! I truly believe this place is worth a try, and they have just enough odd combinations to please a pregnant woman. I will definitely update this review as I try more of their items.Ok, we walk from the Audubon park (long walk but great houses to look at!). Those hot sandwiches are so good!! Fresh ingredients, good flavors and great value!! Also nice customer service. We will walk again to come here!! PS: my wife and sun had a salad which was very good too!I have definitely found my favorite sandwich shop in New Orleans! The Milk Bar has a great variety of sandwiches on the the most delicious bread I have had in a long time!! The establishment is small yet very efficient. Order at the counter have a seat and await a mouth watering sandwich! Wait.... Don't forget to get one of there fantastic shakes! A toasty warm sandwich and a cold milky shake to wash it down! Please, nothing is better than that!
I have had a few of there sandwiches here and I think at the moment my favorite is the shrimp my the best! Although, my most recent visit I got the cattle fodder, veggie option, and the blue healer, roast beef. Both were great! The bread to me is my favorite part! Warm toasty yet soft on the inside! They also have amazing salads if you are watching your carbs;) Everything is served in a brown paper bag with a lollipop for a sweet treat when your done! I can't wait to try the rest of the sammies!!So damn good. I'm working my way down the list. I love everything, especially the Christmas in July. Their milk shakes are killer. Staff is amazing and fast. 
A+++Every sandwich they have is good...I especially like the Christmas in July, so good. Staff is very friendly and the restaurant is nice. I'd highly recommend this place!!Fast and delicious!  I've had the Clooney's Choice, Psycho Chicken, Wolf Me Down and the Thai Chili Chicken Po Boy.  The Clooney is always my go to sandwich.  Wasn't a big fan of the Thai chicken po boy.  They have great salads too, but if you want a side of chicken, it's an extra $2.  They also have some amazing milkshakes!  I usually go with an old school vanilla shake.  Yum, yum, Yummo!  Overall, come in for a quick lunch that is oh so filling.I can't believe today was the first time I have eaten here. I did a to-go order and the service was fast and friendly. Prices are on point. The Psycho chicken sandwich is delicious! I can't wait to try more off the menu.This is one of the best places to grab a sandwich and a milk shake for lunch!  Super fresh ingredients and really sweet people!! A lunch must!A cool, rustic neighborhood vibe in a small strip-mall storefront. Buzzing with several customers at 2:00 in the afternoon. Must be a good sign.  Nice variety of unusual menu options- sandwiches with roasted lamb, roasted veg, various cheeses, chicken, roast beef, shrimp - all on good, chewy, crusty ciabatta rolls. 
Counter service is quick and friendly. Nothing fancy here but the sandwiches and salads, and for less than $10. Can't go wrong.I love this place. I've been at least once a week since I've discovered it. I get the Empirely Delicious sandwich. It's chicken, caesar salad, tomatoes, and mozzarella cheese on ciabata bread. I get it without the tomatoes. This sandwich is sooooo good!!!! The ciabata bread is delicious. I have never been able to finish a whole sandwich. My hubby got the Sauteed Shrimp po-boy. He said it was delicious. I've also had the small caesar salad. It's very good. For dessert, I had the Chocothunder from Downunder shake. I asked if they could add malt powder and they did. It was one of the best chocolate malts I've ever had!!!! The hubby got the Killer Vanilla shake. He said it was very good. He wants to go back to try all of the flavors. The prices are reasonable, the food is fantastic.Absolutely amazing sandwiches. I highly recommend the Shrimply the Best... and Clooney's Choice... and the Psycho Chicken... Ok, so it's all pretty darn good. Friendly staff and fast service.I LOVE THIS PLACE. I always get the Psycho Chicken sandwich. I want to get out of my comfort zone and try other types but I just love that sandwich sooo much that i can never actually go through with it. I've also had a bunch of the milkshake flavors and they're all delicious, although my favorite is the Cappuccino Cloud. Heaven. The workers are always super sweet and friendly and the music is relaxing. LOVE Milk Bar. I wish they had one closer to me (Elmwood).We bought four different po-it's, all of them were excellent. Give the shakes a pass, icy and just flavored sauce in vanilla ice cream. Young staff behind the counter nice enough. Would eat here again.This is one of the best sandwich shops in town. Each sandwich is a perfect marriage of thoughtfully chosen ingredients. I had a savory special of the day which included sweet potatoes, feta, greens and olives in a delightful balsamic vinaigrette. It came out warm and melty, pressed on bread toasted to the perfect crisp. I love the multitude of vegetarian (see the "I Dream of Aubergenie" and "Shirley Valentine") options, which are just as hearty as all the non-Veg choices, meaning everyone will leave full and satisfied! There are also tons of delicious salad options too, if you're trying to be healthy! And don't forget the decadent milkshakes, if you're not. I love the neighborhood feel of this spot, and service is always fast and friendly.My first sandwich is Shrimply the Best. Smelled amazing before even unwrapped it. Really nice!Reaaaallly great sandwiches! Pretty heavy, but WORTH IT. Staff is always nice and patient - they almost always help me customize my sandwich. Milkshakes are amazing and they have cool, different flavors. Will be back for more!Everytime my wife and I come here for lunch it's great.  Hot sandwiches.  Great combinations to try.  Also great milkshakes for dessert. My favorite sandwich is the speared pig. Friendly staff and very cool style inside. I think everyone should try this once for lunch.Discovered this place through the power of Yelp -- I've found my new favorite sandwich spot.  I came here on a Saturday night with my roommate, and for $12 each we were stuffed to the brim with happiness that can only be felt after consuming a delicious po'boy.  I ordered a Roast Beef po'boy dressed with a bag of chips and an iced tea.  My roommate ordered the Roast Turkey dressed.  It took about five minutes for the sandwiches to come out and they were piping hot.  
I was only able to consume about half my sandwich, but every bite was sublime.  My roommate was silent and when I asked her if anything was wrong, she responded that she was too overcome from her sandwich.  I know this probably sounds dramatic, but they were seriously that good!
The interior of the place is cute and kitschy.  It's a small spot, kind of a hole in the wall, but it fits in with the other dive bars and restaurants on the block.  Forget Subway or Jimmy John's, for the same price you could be getting a handmade & homemade bite of heaven!I wandered into the Milk Bar a week ago wondering what they had to offer. I had the ''I Dream of Auberqenie" but, it was more like a work of art than a sandwich. Recommend this place highly!Amazing sandwich shop!!!  I'm glad I was introduced to this place by a good friend of mines:-) Highly recommended!This place is awesome. I can't believe it's taken me this long to try it out. I placed a to-go order last night 10 mins (I know :( ! ) before they were scheduled to close. I was exhausted, so hungry, and it was on my way home. I gave them call to see if they were still open and they said they'd take my order. Which was pretty cool of them on their part!
I ordered the Clooney's Choice with no cilantro and a Chocolate Thunder from Down Under. First of all, that chocolate shake was hands down the best one I've had in this city yet! I've been looking for a good milkshake and have finally found it! It was very chocolately but not in an overly sweet way. It was so good I could have drank another (even though I was already so full from one!) It hit the spot. If you're ever jonesin' for a chocolate shake I would recommend getting it from here. Next time I'm going to try the banana!
My sandwich was great and the serving size was huge! The ingredients were all of good quality. I've heard some great things about the other sandwiches and salads too so I will be coming back to try out other items. 
The owner was there to give me my sandwich and shake. He was very friendly even though it was at the end of the day and they were very clearly getting ready for close. 
I can't wait to go back to this sandwich shop! I'll probably order the banana shake next and try out their psycho chicken or christmas in july sandwiches (both looked really good on the menu).I give this place five stars because they do what they proclaim to do and they do it well. You can get a great sandwich for about the same price as a subway sandwich minus the cardboard flavor. Their number one is a chicken Thai po boy. It's number one for a reason. It's crack in sandwich form. I'm addicted, I crave it. Milkshakes are good too! They don't ask an arm and a leg like creole creamery. Great lunch place. My one complaint is that it smells of bar smoke and they need to add some weekend hours. That was two complaints. My apologies, but i still stand by my five star rating.Yum, had the shrimply the best sandwich this afternoon and I really enjoyed it. I'm a real suckered for good bread on a sandwich, and I LOVED their bread. Wish I had had someone there with me to help finish the sandwich. One star away for decor/bathroom situation. Went to use the bathroom in the bar attached to the restaurant, and I couldn't even get one of the stall doors shut. Decided to wait for later!This is a gem!  Milkshakes are spoof yummy.  The sandwiches are supposed to be good too.I had REALLY high expectations for Milk Bar and boy were they met!  Totally and completely AMAZEBALLS!! -Sighs- I would really love another sandwich and shake right about now...and I just had it a few hours ago!  Milk Bar is located right by the Touro hospital on Prytania and like many other places around the area, it is street parking.  My advice would be to get there before 12 pm before the lunch rush comes in.  My friend and I came in around 11:30 and no one was there, but as we started eating, the restaurant started to really fill up!  Oh boy were we glad to come early and have found parking because this home girl cannot parallel park for crap.  Yes...sad but true.  I completely fulfill the Asian stereotype of not being able to drive...SIKE!  That's the only area I'm lacking in.  BUT ANYWAYS!  Getting off track.  Milk Bar is particularly small as you can see from other pictures, so make sure you come early!  
Now on to the food:
I got the Thai Chili Chicken poboy suggested by Le Thu and boy was it good!  Thanks for the heads up!  It comes with chicken, mozzarella, onions, tomatoes, a chili sauce, and sour cream.  MMHMM!  This sandwich was oozing with FLAVAAAA!  It was incredible!  I really hope the other sandwiches can live up to my expectations after having this sandwich.  My friend got the much talked about Psycho Chicken, which came with chicken, mozzarella, sundried tomatoes, calamata olives, pesto sauce, red onions, and red peppers.  The sandwich was good, but tasted bland in comparison to the Thai Chili Chicken.  It just didn't have the flavor I was looking for.  And of course, we got a milk shake!  A strawberry fields milkshake to be exact!  And OMG it was literally TO DIE FOR!  Their milkshakes add to the wonderness of the meal, instead of taking away from it like so many other heavy milk shakes.  It was light, refreshing, and will have you running back for more!  If you like milkshakes from Stanley, the milkshakes here will definitely satisfy you.  I'm seriously itching to try the banana milkshake.
What a successful lunch date!  Milk Bar is affordable and delicious, so what's not to love?  This just might be my new favorite lunch/sandwich spot!Just had lunch here with a friend. We each had a blue heeler and honestly should have split one. Great sandwich in a large portion size. Place was clean and had fun cow decor on the walls. My friend had her toddler with her and the place was definitely kid friendly. There was even a basket of stuffed cows where she could play with one. Would come back here.I got the wolf and mom got the lamb cheese n gravy poboy.  Great.  Awesome breads. Try to beat the rush or u will be waiting. Call ahead is probably best. Mens room is beyond gross--only fault.  Women--skip the bathroom.Amazing. Good prices, and probably the best sandwich of my entire life. Gooey, wet, but strangely not messy. Incredible bread. I had the Clooney, and of course, a milkshake! The service was down-to-earth and friendly, and the place was cozy (I was initially unsure about the lighting being so dim, but after my milkshake/sandwich-from-heaven, I was grateful). Five stars! I'll be back lots!I love the Milk Bar! I only wish it was in a more convenient location for me so I could go here all the time. The Psycho Chicken sandwich is my favorite. I've tried a few other sandwiches a long time ago and was not disappointed but I always get the Psycho Chicken now. I wish I could try their soups but they are always sold out by the time I get there. I love the ciabatta bread for the sanwiches and the ingredients always seem fresh. This is one of those great hole in the wall places that is a great surprise when you find it. You can eat in the small dinner area but its better to get your sandwich to go and enjoy it outside in the park.Disclaimer: I dont like milkshakes in general.
Reality: Who doesn't? If you are from here and are looking for a place to (a) have milkshake and (b) have a "relaxing" sandwich, this is it!
The sandwiches have interesting combinations and the best part if fresh ingredients. 
Pick a day when you don't want to do anything fancy, dont feel like having a salad and are pretty much confused of your neighborhood joints. Go to Milk Bar, get a sandwich and convince your friend/buddy/date to get a salad or vice-versa. Get the best of the worlds.
My recommendation: get a "christmas party" (unless you are going around thanksgiving, then get a lamb one!)
Please remember its a crime not to have a milkshake at this place, my fav is cappuccino.A good roast beef PO boy can be had here, chips are small and beverages are pricy
Nice place for a quick mealShrimply the Best is the best thing I've ever eaten. When I die and if I go to Heaven, I hope God serves these shrimp po' boys. Seriously amazing.I frequent this place once or twice a month. Always find myself trying something new. They hit all the flavor profiles very well or they smother something in cheese which is always a great idea. Their milkshakes are amazing. Staff is always friendly.Creatively tasty sammiches and lovely milkshakes.  No pretentions, no fluff, but they do put a little lollipop in your lunch bag just like mommy would have done if she'd been that kind of mom.Incredibly flavorful sandwich served hot on fresh ciabatta bread! We loved their tomato basil soup served with the softest warm bread. Completely affordable and a great value for the quality of ingredients and freshness! Perfect lunch spotWent here for lunch on our last day in New Orleans.  Right off of the St. Charles streetcar line, so the location was great.  I got the shrimp po boy, which was HUGE.  I only ate half of the sandwich, saved the rest for a snack.  The shrimp was garlicky and tasty, and there were so many on the sandwich.  Great crusty bread.  Definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a lunch place around the garden district.  
Also, they give you a chupa chups lollypop with your meal, reminds me of my childhood!Came for the Thai Chili Lamb Po-Boy; left loving Shrimply the Best.
I stopped in based on a word of mouth suggestion and the reviews. Based on my sense of adventure, I ordered the Thai Chili Lamb Po-Boy. I don't love sweets, and I was expecting a spicy, deep flavor. The actual sandwich was mostly sweet, with the remaining flavor profile defined by the cheese. It was filling, and mildly tasty, but I didn't love it.
I also tried Shrimply the Best, and everything about it was amazing. The bread is flaky and buttery, the shrimp plentiful, and the flavor brilliant. You should absolutely order this, and I will go out of my way to stop by here the next time I'm in New Orleans just to have it.Quick and easy place to grab a bite to eat. I had the shrimp and mozzarella sandwich and it was great.These sandwiches are incredible!
It was my first time in NOLA, and my friend and I already did the touristy stuff, which was almost intolerable. So I looked for a restaurant away from the French Quarter, and I found Milk Bar. As soon as we read over the sandwich choices, we knew we'd come to the right place. We ordered, and both sandwiches were delicious. Also, pretty ample servings. We loved the place so much that we went back the next day for lunch. I will always work Milk Bar into my future NOLA visits.Really enjoyed my sandwich. Good chipotle ranch dressing if you enjoy a dipping sauce. Nice staff tooWhat a great place this is!  We ate here two nights in a row during a three night stay in New Orleans.  Amazing sandwiches on some of the best breads we've ever had.  First night, I had the Blue Heeler and my hubby had the Wolf Me Down.  He loved the lamb on that so much he had the roast lamb po-boy the next night while I went with the sauteed shrimp po-boy.  What a joy to find a shrimp po-boy that wasn't fried!  Both nights we were sitting at the bar at the Sovereign Pub next door so the guy who took our orders delivered our sandwiches to us.  Nice touch.  I just noticed that on UrbanSpoon, the Milk Bar is listed as the #33 restaurant in New Orleans.  Given all the great restaurants in NOLA, that says a lot.Awesome sandwichs and milk shakes.  The bread was tender and bouncy the cheese was melty and gooey and the flavor was just wonderful. The milk shake was dark chocolaty and very rich. The portions were perfect.  Parking was a little difficult. And there is not alot of seating. I was really glad we stopped on our way through NOLA.I had the shrimply it was amazing and the banana milkshake.... I'm a customer for life4 star at least!!! The Clooney's Choice sandwich was awesome! I took it all down down with a Mango Bango smoothie! The price was great as well as the service time was quick.the staff was friendly! She even took the time to spell my name right! My bag had my name on it, it was hand delivered to my table, sandwich was fresh and hot, and even had a sucker at the bottom of the bag! The sandwich choices are out-of-the-box but they are DELICIOUS!!!! Definitely a place you won't forget and you know it's true if I said it!!!!Psycho Chicken sandwich with roasted chicken breast, sun dried tomatoes, kalamata olives, onions, mozzarella and pesto on fresh ciabatta: you are my very favorite sandwich within a one-mile radius of my house. 
Go Bananas milkshake, you are the best milkshake in New Orleans. Yes, that's right.
About $12-13 for a ridiculously filling meal. If you weren't that hungry, you could probably get away with splitting one of the huge sandwiches with a friend.
Bottom line: don't be put off by how close this place is to the hospital. It's an awesome little place with great sandwiches, salads, milkshakes, smoothies and daily specials.Plain and simple, YUM!!!! 
I went to Milk Bar two days ago after reading the positive reviews on yelp. Ohhhhh, I'm so glad I did. I don't even remember what sandwich I ordered because I was two busy having a feast in my mouth. The milkshakes were soooooo yummy as well. Oh yeah, and the people that served us were the nicest, that always helps my culinary experience.
Yum, yum, yum, nothing more to say.We were staying at a nearby hotel and decided to give this a try for lunch. I had the Thai Chicken Po Boy.  My husband had the Shirley Valentine and a butterscotch hop shake. Both of us thought the sandwiches were tasty and large enough that we saved half for another day. 
The sandwiches were brought to the table in a brown paper bag and each bag contained a lollipop. I got a vanilla and chocolate lollipop and it was great. 
Our food arrived quickly, but we just beat the lunch rush.Amazing. Just... So good. I went once for the first time and went back the next day. They already learned my name. Sandwiches have been choice and smoothie s have been choice. Haven't had a shake yet but I am positive they're fantastic.Great place! Just down the street from Touro, so you do see people in scrubs walking in to grab a bite during lunchtime. Being a vegetarian in New Orleans does not go hand in hand, although things are changing, and Milk Bar is a good example of that (there are two veggie friendly sandwiches on the menu.) I ordered the I Dream of Aubergenie. It was deeeeelicious, especially the bread! And OMG the milkshake was just perfect! Mmmmmm.Milk Bar is where you can find the best sandwiches in New Orleans.  I'm not lying - all other sandwiches taste very bad after eating these sandwiches.  My partner always gets "The Clooney", which is avocadoey ass sandwich that is delicious!  I had the Thai Chili Poboy, which was sweet and spicy!  Go there.  It's on the pricey side ($22 for 2 sandwiches and coffees) but the sandwiches are huge!  I'm a tall manchild and I've never finished it.  Delicious, creative sandwiches on fresh heavenbread Just go.  Stop talking.A wonderful little sandwich store and coffee shop.  The sandwiches are served on homemade ciabatta bread and oven-baked until the cheese is gooey and the bread is soft and warm.  You can tell it'll be good before you take your first bite.  Also, the portions are big enough to share a sandwich if you aren't starving or a glutton (like I am).
Try the Clooney's Choice, which is one of my favorites.  It has marinated chicken, avocado, melted mozzarella, cilantro, roasted red pepper, red onions, and lemon mayo.    The Sauteed Shrimp and Mozzarella poboy, or the Thai Chili Chicken Poboy are also delicious.
And I'm a sucker for the little chupa chup lollipops that they give you with every order you place.My husband and I found this gem on yelp while checking out garden district one afternoon during our New Orleans vacation. So glad we stopped in. We split the Thai chicken sandwich and a chocolate shake. I liked the shake because it was not overpoweringly sweet. The sandwich was huge. Definitely big enough for two to split. And the flavor was WOW! Wish we had this place in Oklahoma! Highly recommend.This place is lovely. Charming and small but inviting. My boyfriend works at the coffee shop around the corner and I went to grab us some sandwiches. I ordered, made an addition to one of my sandwiches and did not get an eye roll from the very friendly girl on the register. I then let her know I was going to the coffee shop and would be back in a few minutes to grab the food. This lovely lady then HAND DELIVERED my sandwiches to the coffee shop once they were ready. So sweet.
We tried the Clooney's Choice and the I Dream of Aubergenie (add lettuce,
Light on the red peppers.) Both were delicious, warm and toasty, and tasted extremely fresh.
Highly recommended and we will definitely be going back :)Simply Wow!!!  If you love full flavored and full sized sandwiches this is the place. Don't for get the Milk part. They have thick deep and rich shakes. If you are on Saint Charles this is. Step away worth the detour.!
Milk Bar is poised to overtake Freret St Po Boys as my favorite, quick sandwich shop. If you're looking for a gourmet restaurant experience, go somewhere else. And pay a lot more. 
It's a tiny speck of a place attached to Caf Prytania that has amazing sandwiches, delicious milkshakes, and a friendly, unpretentious atmosphere. It can be a little tough to spot with their unassuming sign jutting out oh so slightly. I usually get Cloony's Choice (chicken, avocado, and cilantro lemon mayo, oh my!). The Psycho Chicken is good too. It's a little more standard with tomatoes, mozzarella, and pesto, but nails it nonetheless. Most of them cost 7-8 dollars.
The milkshakes are spot on, and the price point is along the lines of what you would pay elsewhere (3-4 dollars). Honesty though, it's not a bad idea to pop in just to get that given you'll probably be too full to take on a milkshake after their sizable sandwiches (you will get messy eating them fyi) anyway.  
Miscellaneous pluses:
It's open till 9pm, which is fairly late
Doesn't hurt that it's right near Touro Hospital and frequented by generally attractive doctors
Dcor, puns, and lollipops induce inner child syndromeI saw the reviews here and wanted a sandwich so I decided to give it a shot. I tried the shrimply the best sandwich with a vanilla shake. For 8.50 the sandwich is large and very good. Sauted shrimp in that roll proved to be very tasty and filling. I recommend this sandwich. It does not come with any sides. The only ones offered are chips or some baked goods.
I also thought the shake was good too however thought it should be a little bigger. 
This is a good place to eat but parking is tight. Metered street parking only on a very narrow street.We had so much good food on our recent visit that Milk Bar really didn't stand out.  We had a few sandwiches/po boys around the city and the sandwich I had here was weak by comparison.  It was a special similar to the Thai Chili except it had chicken.  The only seasoning was basically sweet and sour sauce that one gets at a Chinese restaurant and the bread was standard hoagie bread.  And my friend had a vegetarian one that she was pretty underwhelmed by as well.  Cute place and nice service though.We've been making a point to check out cheap eats around the city on a weekly basis, so this week's destination was Milk Bar! It was delicious and we'll definitely be going back. We went around 8:00 pm and it was dead - I suspect it's crazy busy at lunchtime. We got the Shrimply sandwich and a roast beef po boy, both of which were delicious and huge. Next time we'd go and split a sandwich, get some chips and split a milkshake. Their raspberry lemonade is also good. 
We'll be adding this to our list of lunch places.My room mate found this place and suggested we go and give it a try. I was not at all disappointed. The psycho chicken sandwich was packed full of flavor, the bread was toasted just right, and the caramel caramba shake was delicious. The rest of the menu looks very interesting so I look forward returning in the future.See the reviews for this place and thought we'd give it a try. We were not disappointed! Come with an appetite because their sandwiches are hefty to say the least. Girlfriend had the Psycho Chicken which I had a taste of. I don't normally care for pesto but the taste was so expertly mingled into the gracious amount of cheese and chicken it was like biting into heaven. I had the Occidental Oriental. Very delicious sandwich. A bit messy with the satay sauce but that just made the experience seem more authentic. I loved every last bite and Highly recommend eating here!Awesome! Love the huge sandwiches and coffee shakeAmazing food at great prices. Off beaten path so not many tourists. Definite Nola must.Loved the shrimpy and had a feta salad which was fantastic too.Loved my chocolate shake malt loved it.Overall a cute sandwich space.So good! After two other places were closed just for this week (so the signs in the door said after I already used my last bit of change to pay for parking), I decided to drive a little further to the Milk Bar. Got the Shrimply the Best...like a caprese with tons shrimp...yum yum yummy. AND they allowed me to put an extra dollar on my card to get change for the meter! Don't forget the milkshake.I had the Shrimply The Best and it was amazing!!! One of my favorite places to eat.If you are near Touro check out this place.  A hidden gem of amazing sandwiches and a must stop for lunch.  I usually opt for the psycho chicken and a shake. Nice big sammies hereMouthwatering, extremely satisfying, cheesy, creamy goodness. I chose to walk here from the French Quarter instead of taking the transit system, and while the length of the walk in the heat was tiring, every step was worth it once I got there. The milkshakes are amazing and each one is a unique experience. I got the cloonies choice sandwich which was huge, but so good I ate it in a matter of seconds. 
Definitely worth a walk, drive, or ride from anyplace in NOLA. The walk along Magazine Street is especially nice, but takes some will power to not stop at the delicious places along the way.Wonderful sandwich (I got the psycho chicken- great if you like pesto but don't want shrimp! The bread it was on was great too) and milkshake, the service was great too- everyone so friendly. In a neat part of town. Will definitely be coming back!Friend and I had a terrific lunch today; the sandwich (for me) is tied at #1 fave with Grilled Cheese Grill in Portland. That's saying something! 
We each had the Shrimply the Best and wow was it! Toasty, cheesy, shrimpy. Had we known, we could have shared one, but I was very happy to overindulge in this gem. 
Milkshakes rocked too. I had the caramel and Friend had the chocolate. Heaven would have been half and half. 
Easy to find, just around the corner from Fresh Market.My boyfriend and I go about once a week, we always order one Clooney's choice and a  large caesar salad which totals at about $20. It''s a very local, young, and fresh place filled with delicious food and good vibes. I recommend going after 1, it's after the lunch rush.Delicious po boys and milk shakes.  I got the Thai Chilii Chicken Po Boy and I was pleased.  The bread/bun was toasted just right and the sweet, tangy chili sauce mixed with the salty-ness of the chicken....wow, I just sat there in happiness.  
The killer vanilla milkshake was pretty good. I probably should've tried another flavor but I didn't want it to compete with the po boy.  With vanilla, it was a nice complement.  
Service was friendly, but the Milk Bar was kind of desolated.  I don't know if it's because it was 7pm or because it was cold out.  Anyway, I seem to go to places during off-hours and I'm not complaining.  :D
Also, loved the cow decor.  They have a board up back with cow jokes about different countries.  I like it.i am so happy this place exists and that i live close to it!  i had the clooney's choice sandwich and it was very good.  i totally appreciate the time and care taken to make the sandwiches, and the good, friendly customer service.  i also like the lollipop touch.  i'm looking forward  to trying many other things on the menu!What a little cute hole in the wall sandwich stop. A tiny restaurant with maybe 5 tables top, with pink walls and a cow economics on the back wall. We ordered 3 sandwiches, which was way more than enough to feed the 3 of us...probably could have fed 6 of us for that size!! But every bite was soooo good! We ordered the Clooney's choice, the Empire delicious, and the Psycho chicken. The sandwiches are really thick in size, probably because of their ciabatta bread, so it requires quite a bite. I also ordered a strawberry milkshake. It was frothy, which was different from any other milkshake I have seen, and tasted so fresh. Everything was very enjoyable, and I can't wait to come back again!Really perfect for what it is. Abourgenie sandwich was amazing, as was the Mocha Madness milkshake! If you want to satisfy a delicious sandwich and milkshake craving, head this way. Only wish it was open on the weekend. Very reasonable prices too!Awesome awesome sandwiches. The service is fantastic and classy, with old school small-business charm.
This place was recommended to me when I told a coworker that I lived in Uptown. That was the only thing she had to say about the entire region of Uptown. It was an amazing recommendation; my roommate and I go here about once a week. Only complaint is that it's not open on the weekends (which is a shame, cuz I'm sure they'd make a killing with all the lazy young professionals) and the actual restaurant could be a better lit.
Highly recommend the Psycho Chicken and the Clooney.Really delicious sandwiches. The other reviewers are telling the truth. Also pretty filling.First time we came here 2pm on a Wednesday. They said they're known for the Clooney, so I got one, and a butterscotch shake. I did not choose wrong. The sandwich was PERFECT warm, bread wasn't too thick and a little crispy and the avocado was like a spread instead of chunks. The shake was yummy but next time I don't need the whip cream. I will be back!This place is a hidden gem. While the selfish version of me is screaming not to reveal it to Yelp, given how good the sandwiches are, I wouldn't feel right if I didn't. Full disclosure; I'm not a big fan of most po'boys around here. In fact, I'd go so far as to say that most of them outright suck. As fun as it is to pay $10 for twelve inches (sometimes, sometimes less!) of drooping lettuce, bland roast beef and soggy bread is...it isn't that fun at all actually. So when my friend and I decided to stop in for lunch, there was a good deal of skepticism on my part. Boy, was that ever undue. 
The place itself is quite charming, in a 'oh, so that's how my (very) little sister decorated my room when I left for college' sense. That said, the silliness of the decor and gaudiness of the paint do absolutely nothing to distract from the UTTER DELICIOUSNESS of these sandwiches. There's really no other way of describing them. In my opinion, the gourmet sandwiches are the way to go. Fancying myself as a dead ringer for him, I ordered the Clooney's Choice, and I wasn't disappointed. And it was only $7.95! Insane.Of all the orders I witnessed, each came out hot and came out fast. The staff, or "Moo Crewe" as they call themselves, are friendly and efficient. The only thing that would make this place even more incredible is if they played some Gackt on that radio of theirs. But I'm just fantasizing.
A word about the milkshakes. Oh. Baby. If you had a light breakfast, are having a light or late dinner, or if you're just boss enough to handle that much consumption, get one of these as well. They are awesome.
Momofuku has nothing on this.
(Ok, that was clearly blasphemy. But this place is damn good.)In a town desperate for a sandwich that's not a po-boy I think this place does a good job for lunch. Basically all of the sandwiches can also be made into salads too. They use a delicious and fattening bread that makes you feel like the Atkins diet is in your future but never the less it makes the sandwiches delicious. It's located right next to Touro hospital so they get a big lunch crowd and the owners in there remember your name and sometimes even your order. It's a solid pick for a sandwich or lunch salad with some unique combinations.Just tried Milk Bar!  I had the aubergenie and it was delicious. The bread is amazing. I took it to go and it was still warm and not soggy when I got back to the Westbank!  I also had a butterscotch milk shake!  It too was great. This is a good place to get quick but heart and delicious food!  Also great service!"Simply the best" sandwich was good. Fresh but smothered in cheese.  Not a healthy choice.  This is the original of the two stores and is on a side street.  Would return to try again if was in the area.  Not cheap.I love this place! Great sandwiches and they have some awesome shakes - my favorite is the Choc Thunder. During the cooler months they also serve soups with a big loaf of bread...good stuff.One of the best sandwiches I have had in the city.  Wonderful, quaint bar with sitting.  Sandwiches come out hot and fresh with generous portions.  I had the 'wolf me down,' with roasted lamb. Absolutely great. Big enough that I had lunch the next day.Sometimes a simple lunch can be one of your fondest memories.  This is my experience with Milk Bar.
I was given the task of choosing a spot to eat in a certain neighborhood. Yelp, one again, saved the day. I found Milk Bar while searching lunch spots using the filter by neighborhood feature.
I was skeptical at first because I thought the name of the place was strange and it's just a sandwich shop for goodness sakes. What's so great about a weirdly named sandwich joint?  
I'm here to tell you that there's plenty.
It's on a beautiful street right near Touro Infirmary. There is parking on the street but there's also a huge (paid) parking lot across the street, which is where I parked. 
When you walk in it's nothing fancy. There's a counter with a menu...you walk right up and order what you'd like. No one will be seating you, you seat yourself and wait for your name to be called once your order is ready. There's a little self serve side bar with water and condiments and silverware. It's a very bare bones type of place so if you're feeling like you need to be waited on it's not happening here.
The decor is what I can only describe as whimsical. It seems small when you first walk in, but the tables are spaced far enough apart that you don't feel like the other diners can overhear your conversation. It's just nice and whimsical and cozy.
I ordered the Shrimply Delicious. It was beyond delicious!! And freaking huge! Gigantic, I'm telling you! Cut in half and I could barely finish one half. It was around 9 bucks and that's a bargain if all you're able to finish is one half in my opinion. 9 bucks for lunch and dinner later that night? Sold!
Unfortunately my sandwich happened to be so wonderful that my friend stole the other half of it, but I didn't mind at all.  It was one of the best lunch dates I've had in a while.Just off St Charles, this place has an easy location to find and it's not too far from the rail. It's a very small place, not really aimed at large crowds but it's a great spot for a quick lunch or take out. The staff was friendly and service was quick. It took less than five minutes for me to order, wait, get served, and leave.
I got the lamb sandwich and it was very good. It had ample portions of meat, cheese, and vegetables and it was served on freshly toasted ciabatta bread. The sandwich was about $9.00 and was filling for the price, not to mention delicious. The bottom line is that this place is great if you are looking for a quick drop in for a good sandwich.New Orleans is known for the traditional roast beef/shrimp po boy. Great. Wonderful. We should all indulge that tradition. 
But, if you want to break out of that sandwich mold, while still remaining in the city limits of NOLA, please get yourself to Milk Bar straight away. 
One Star - Convenient, uptown/garden district location right on St. Charles. Also, you can go to Delachaise or any of the other bars around the corner as well. 
Two Stars - great service. The cadre of people who run Milk Bar have always been very nice and accommodating to my orders. 
Three Stars - great variety and quality of ingredients. I have never met a combination available at Milk Bar that I did not like. 
Four Stars - Wolf Me Down - a sandwich with lamb and hummus. You had me at Wolf. 
Five Stars - My go to at Milk Bar is a Thai Chili Chicken Po Boy, but I replace the po boy bread with ciabatta (the standard at Milk Bar). I love the combination of flavors, cheese, and bread that really creates the reason I show up at Milk Bar once a week.Great little sandwich spot near the hospital in the garden district. A great selection of "gourmet" sandwiches, most with mozzarella cheese on them! The Clooney is a good choice...chicken, avocado, roasted red pepper, mozzarella, red onion, lemon mayo....all choices were interesting and looked good!Some of the best and fairest-priced sandwiches I've had here.Great sandwiches and probably the only place in New Orleans to get anything besides a FREAKIN PO-BOY that's half way decent. Their Christmas in July is ridiculous, only complaint is it can take a little while for you wich but worth the while.The location was a little hard to locate but if you get off the St. Charles St. trolley at Louisiana St. and find the building just keep circling until you find the entrance.  When we walked in there was only one other person waiting, it was 3pm, but the service was welcoming and informative. The girl who took our order had no problem doing substitutions and a special request.Sandwiches are delicious and so fresh! The bread is amazing. The sandwiches are huge, so if you aren't starving, I would suggest sharing. I had the cow fodder and my husband had the Clooney, both were so good. Huge selection of shakes, smoothies, and freezes.Writing a review for this Milk Bar location since I have been going to the riverbend location more often than this one. It seems that this location gives you a little more meat on the bread but does not let the sandwiches stay in the oven long enough because many times I have seen sandwiches come out that the cheese has not melted all the way. That happened to me on the thai-chili lamb and when the cheese isnt all the way melted it ruins the whole sandwich. The southwest salad I got there was very tasty and loaded with ingredients. I would get the salads here but the sandwiches I think are better at the other location. For the record my favorite is the Shrimply the Best and that is coming from someone who has tried them all.I cheated on my favorite sandwich today...normally I get the Cattle Fodder (subbing swiss for the cream cheese, of course) and I love it. So many fresh veggies on a delicious ciabatta roll.  And then someone mentioned the Shrimply the Best.  AND it's sooooooo good.
Sauteed shrimp, pesto, cheese, tomatoes.  I think I'm in love.  Plus they've added a few outdoor tables which is nice since I don't know that I would ever eat in here. Which brings me to...
To get the coveted 5th star, Milk Bar has to put a smoke scrubber in. Yes, the restaurant is no smoking. But all that separates it from the adjacent bar is an interior glass door and the smoke just rolls in.OMGheeeee... The "Shrimply The Best" is completely AmazeBalls!! This sandwich is Awesome, and the prices make it even better!! The Roast Beef PoBoy is Great also!!Yum! I got the cattle fodder and enjoyed every bite!  Great menu, good quick service. Awesome lunch place. I'm considering going back for breakfast. I didn't try the milkshakes, maybe next time. :-)I only get the Thai Chili Chicken Po-Boy. It's the special written in big letters on the blackboard. It's delicious - not too salty, not too cheesy, just the right spice and the chicken is tender.
Why 4 stars? I always get a Mocha milkshake with my order. That's delicious, too, but after I finish drinking it my stomach always regret it.
Maybe I shouldn't get a milk shake with my order after all. But my friends always get one. Damn peer pressure.This part of Delachaise Street is one way. It's like a two way street with a really large median, and the buildings are in between. Some buildings go all the way through to both sides. This one is only accessed from the East. 
I had the spinach, artichoke salad and added shrimp. Was glad to see plenty of artichokes & olives, which made it very tasty. Lots of shrimp, too! Other than that, pretty standard salad.
Since everything is prepared to go, shrimp was wrapped in foil and placed inside the plastic salad container. I appreciated that so it didn't wilt the salad! Sucker was taped to the top of the box.
Went at lunchtime. Three people in front of me, but I was still out of there in less than 15 minutes.
Traveling on business, so I asked for an itemized receipt. Received a calculator tape print-out. It's definitely a small, local place, so no huge surprise there.
$8.50 - salad
$3.50 - add shrimp
$1.50 - iced tea
$1.00 - bag of chips
$15.91 - totalMilk Bar is one of those rare instances where the photo looks BETTER than how it tastes. We ordered "Shrimply the Best" - Shrimp, Pesto, Tomato, Red Onion, Mozzarella, and Lemon Mayo. When we cracked the oval sandwich open the inner steam was released and the melted cheese hung from side to side like mouth-watering jungle vines. I could *not* wait to dig in!
Except, there was one problem. You know how when fish or shrimp is on its way out it has that "fishy smell?" This sandwich had the fishy smell TASTE. I was so disappointed. This was our first meal on our vacation to New Orleans and I was so eager to try Milk Bar after all the positive reviews. The bread was *perfect.* It was flaky, chewy and I loved how it tightly ensconced everything inside without spillage. Unfortunately, all I could taste was the bread and the fishy smell. It overpowered the pesto, tomato, and lemon mayo. 
We also had our first taste of Zapp's Chips. We were bowled OVER how good the Honey Mustard chips were! We were so impressed that we even purchased some bags of Zapp's chips to bring home with us. 
The interior of the Milk Bar is cute with cartoon images of cows and pastel painted walls. The outdoor seating was also refreshing after a long drive even if your main view is a pot hole ridden street which we joked about the scene from the show Treme several times, "Pot for Potholes! Davis will Save us!"
I'd like to give Milk Bar another chance, next time I'd try the Thai Chili sandwich.Delicious and large sandwiches! Also probably one of the best milkshakes I've ever had!! I heavily recommend this place!Melt-in-your-mouth deliciousness. I had the Shirley Valentine. Fresh food, good prices, daily specials. Open early 8-8 M-FTake note other sandwich places--this is how it's done. The Milk Bar is not actually a bar. It is a small place that serves big sandwiches. Bring someone to share with or be prepared to unleash your inner Joey Chestnut.  I guess taking your leftovers to go is also an option. Tucked away on Delachaise Street between Prytania and St. Charles, this is definitely one of my new favorite lunch spots.
The Milk Bar offers delicious sandwiches. Last week I had the Psycho Chicken--marinated chicken, sundried tomatoes, red onion, calamata olives, mozzarella, and pesto sauce served on fresh ciabatta bread. So very tasty. This week I tried the Empirely Delicious--marinated chicken, mozzarella, romaine lettuce, and roma tomatoes tossed in caesar dressing served on fresh ciabatta. It was good, but I wasn't wowed.
Best part? Old fashioned hand dipped milkshakes. The Chocthunder from Downunder is my favorite. Yummy! There are a number of other flavors like Butterscotch Hop, Caramel Caramba, and Strawberry Fields that I'm sure are equally as delicious.
Prices are reasonable considering the portion sizes. A sandwich and a milkshake cost me around $12.  There are also a number of poboy and salad options if you'd prefer. There is also an impressive drink selection offering everything from cappuccinos to mango bango smoothies to lemon lime freezes.
Bonus: Each order is complete with a chupa chups lollipop.
Final thought: I ate lunch here by myself both times and it wasn't weird at all. So whether you're going with friends or dining solo, Milk Bar is a good choice.Oh god, the wonder that is Milk Bar. I've had the Clooney, the Occidental Oriental, and the strawberry milkshake thus far and all are 5-star treats. The milkshakes feel gourmet, super thick and evenly blended. The sandwiches are so creative and do not need any tinkering. No need to substitute or hold anything. The Occidental Oriental is my current favorite. An added plus is that the sandwiches are not inherently bad for you. It's quite easy to order a healthy dish at Milk Bar and to leave feeling satisfied rather than guilty. The staff is polite and speedy, and the interior wall decorations will keep you entertained while you wait for your order. If you're on the fence, definitely go to Milk Bar. You won't regret it.Everything about this restaurant is perfect. Awesome music and atmosphere. Great food and shakes. Amusing stuff on the walls, cool service. Good is worth the price. I had the lamb po boy which was great. Everything looked great though. Would definitely recommend if you're looking for some wonderful hole-in-the-wall atmosphere, great food, and great shakes.Not only do I love George Clooney but the Milk Bar sandwich named "The Clooney" is every bit as F I N E as Mr George himself! 
Try it, you'll like it!Picked up 2 sandwiches last night and they were fantastic. The shakes certainly hit the spot also. Will definitely be going back!Milk bar has a super chill vibe and is the place to go if you want to eat a quality sandwich with some reggae in the background..no frills or fancy stuff just a good concept. One time was all I needed to decide it's my favorite sandwich shop in New Orleans so far..This hidden away spot behind the Delachaise Bar has a good selection of sandwiches and a large selection of milkshakes.  They have a nice menu of specialty sandwiches and also offer po boys.  I've eaten the Cloony's Choice chicken sandwich and the Blue Heeler roast beef sandwich so far which were both ok but didn't really give me any memorable flavor bursts which I found unusual for sandwiches listing so many ingredients.  The prices for sandwiches and shakes seem fair enough here and the people working the counter seemed pleasant enough.  I still haven't sampled a milkshake but I plan on that on my next visit.  This probably wouldn't be my current first choice for a nice sandwich but there are still many things for me to sample and it is a quick and convenient location to my neighborhood.Possibly one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. I tried "Clooneys choice" and it was very good. The bread was amazing and all of the vegetables used were fresh. The chicken on the sandwich was very good and the atmosphere of the place is very laid back. Great little sandwich placeI still prefer this location over the new one in the riverbend area. The milkshakes are wonderful, but don't forget about their sandwiches, which are baked into meaty, cheesy, warm goodness. They are also pretty big; I usually save the second half for later. I recommend the Clooney's choice. 
Note: it can occasionally smell like a bar inside of the touro location sometimes because it is the "backstage" area for the prytania bar next door. The bar/milk bar management try to keep the bands from smoking in there, but sometimes they just don't listen.We had lunch here the other day. I wish I could remember the names of the sandwiches we had. I know my sandwich was the Vegan sandwich and I must say it had the perfect blends of flavors. My girlfriends sandwich was a roast beef sandwich. I personally did not like the taste of it. There was one ingredient that it had which I thought was a little overwhelming. She loved it. 
This is a great little place to stop by for lunch. Friendly staff and fairly quick service.
Someone suggested looking at the menu online... I mean really.. who uses logic???
So I had the Shirley Valentine. 
The girlfriend had  I dream of Aubergenie.SOOO GOOD! LOVE the psycho chicken!! I work down the street and eat here every friday!Milk Bar is one of the 2 best sandwich spots in New Orleans.  Not to be confused with 'best poboy spot' which is a completely different category (although the Thai Chili chicken poboy here is great.)Milkshake (butterscotch): 5 stars. Seriously creamy goodness, rich with butter and scotch and ingredients like that.
The Clooney (3 stars: overrated). Bread has good texture and is crunchy on outside and chewy inside. Chicken was inconsistenly seasoned, leaving some parts pretty bland. The lemon mayo dressing was the strong suit.
Which evens out to 4.For some reason I keep fantasizing that the MILK bar is a delicious bar filled with gourmet cereal, coffee, and other milk filled beverages.  Instead it is a sandwich, salad, and milkshake joint filled with pictures of cows.  I really wish they had an explanation as to the origins of the name inside the restaurant.  
Anyway, I showed up today because we were craving milk shakes and they seemed like the best place that was open at 6PM close to uptown.  The choco down under shake was fantastic.  I can't really explain it, but the shake was the perfect texture?  there was no part that wasn't a smooth fluffy texture, and the chocolate flavor was perfect.  The other drink was the mango bango which was also good.  The banana flavor was very strong so we could barely taste the mango, that was a disappointment.
Even though this place has a good selection of shakes I think it would be worth their while to describe what the drinks are.  We made assumptions about what was in the drink, but I might be more enticed to come back for more if they made them sound irresistible on the menu... just a suggestion.
I wasn't interested in any of the salads or sandwiches so I probably won't be back unless I want another milkshake.This place is great and off of the bustle of Magazine Street. But not SO far off that it takes you too much out of the way.  NOLA has such amazing food, and Magazine Street is no exception... there are a ton of super little restaurants and cafe's that are all totally mouthwatering, but kinda on the pricey side....
Milk Bar is no frills, but really reasonably priced and has some of the best sandwiches in the city as far as I'm concerned. The salads are amazing too- they're big, so if you feel like a lighter option for lunch that's still going to fill you up its perfect!  Most recently I had the Mediterranean Lamb Salad and it was soooo delicious. Highly recommend!Great quality milkshake. Just the right amount of ice cream to milk ratio. The only reason why it isn't a five is because of the muffin it was 3 star quality.It was on a hot sweaty summer day that I decided to venture from the far end of the French Quarter all the way to the upper end of the Garden District in hopes of finding the most amazing sandwich and milkshake in New Orleans.  It was a daring journey (and one that utterly exhausted me), but the experience turned into an adventure I'll never forget.
I don't know where to begin. Being crammed into a trolley without a/c, and the only place to stand was next to the controller, so that every time they moved the levers, they almost plunged into my side. Or getting lost on foot with no food or water in the sweltering Louisiana heat.  Well, after wandering aimlessly through neighborhoods I was ready to give up hope trying to find the Milk Bar. Several locals had recommended it, assuring me it was worth the trek.
The Milk Bar, located on Delachaise St. (next to Lafayette Cemetery No. 1) looked so adorable, cozy, and the food absolutely delicious that I let out a great sigh of relief when I arrived. But, that might have been from the nice cool gust of a/c that hit my face as I walked through the door. Who knows.
Inside, the walls were Pepto Bismol pink. From the looks of the unique menu and the colossal line of locals, I knew I was in for a real treat.
I ordered the Clooney's Choice gourmet sandwich and Cappuccino Cream milkshake. After finally snagging the last available seat, I delighted looking at all of the cow-themed art, especially the wall of Cow Economics. Hilarious!
When my name was called, I retrieved the hot sandwich and cool milkshake from the counter. I love it when places do something small and special, like giving away little suckers with every order.
I have to say that I've never been a big fan of hot sandwiches, but desperate times call for desperate measures. It was this sandwich that changed everything for me, turning me into a hot sandwich junkie to this day! Now onto the Cappuccino Cream milkshake. You know how some milkshakes are too thick that you can't even suck it through your straw and then you have to patiently wait for it to melt a bit and then the milkshake is too melted? Well, that is exactly the opposite of what happened. The texture of the shake was perfect--not too thick, not too watery. It was rich, creamy, and absolutely refreshing. The cappuccino hints weren't too overwhelming either.  This was quite possibly one of the best milkshakes I've ever had!
Although the location of this hidden gem had initially deterred me, once I realized where I was I couldn't have been happier. I'm a huge fan of cemeteries (the older the better) and was happy to stroll through the infamous Lafayette Cemetery No. 1. after lunch.
The tree-lined streets were so quaint, as were the amazing houses. I hope to visit the Milk Bar again to sample all of their milkshake flavors. I already have my eye on ChocoThunder From Down Under.
My Recommendation: Cappuccino Cream Milkshake (Enjoyed Inside with a Hot Gourmet Sandwich)I'm very sad that this location is closing.  The sandwiches are the best.  I'm especially into the bread, which is simultaneously large AND soft.  I recently had my lips plumped and was still able to easily devour the sandwich.I ordered the eggplant sandwich ("I Dream of Aubergenie") and it was fantastic!  Perfectly prepared and cooked and the portion size was quite generous. Normally a sandwich for lunch doesn't fill me up for very long, but this sandwich kept me full for several hours. I found that it was a great value compared to many other options in New Orleans. I will be back and will have to try the milkshakes next time I'm in town. I was at the restaurant around 11:30 and there was only one other customer but it got more crowded toward noon. I suspect it can get busy.I love milk shakes. I love delicious sandwiches. I love both at the same time. Therefore, I love Milk Bar. The staff is super friendly, the food is super cheap, the cows on the wall are super cute. You could never go wrong here, just remember if you from out of town it customary to hit the tip jar for the register girl and the grill guys. You can get a made to order hot sandwich, a nice sized milkshake, and tip 25 percent cash on top and get out for 10 dollars....I'll make that transaction every time!Delicious and filling! Could have easily saved half my sandwich for later but my self-control was too in love and had to eat it all! I got the clooney but it was a hard decision - so many options sounded delicious! Cute little sit-down to gather with friends or by yourself.Cute little place, amazing sandwiches. I got the Thai Lamb, and seriously could not put it down. The flavor of the lamb wasn't overpowering and they toast the sandwiches so the cheese was all melty and the sweet chili had gone from sauce to glaze. Seriously amazing. 
We had a picky 4 year old who loved his ham and cheese croissant and a picky 29 year old who loved his Empirely chicken sandwich. 
Only reason I wouldn't give 5 stars was the shake. I got the banana shake and it was thick and creamy but it also tasted quite artificial. It was like eating Jello pudding. Also, it would've been nice for them to offer free wi-fi. 
They had an adorable and hilarious cow economics poster, and very accurate. We had Frenchies in our group and they thought our perception of them was hilariously accurate. 
Would def hit this place up again for their sandwiches. Simply awesome!I work at a high school nearby. This is my third year. If I didn't know about this places three years ago I wouldn't have made it. The staff is super friendly. They know my name even when I forget theirs. I don't usually like to qualify things as the best. However I think the Shrimply the Best is their best sandwich, and THE best sandwich. Most people go for the Clooney's choice. Not bad. The staff always brings my sandwich to the adjacent bar because they know I'm there with coworkers.I'm moving away from Nola and I will absolutely miss this place. I almost always order the Clooney- which is a beautiful mix of perfectly cooked sliced chicken, avocado, herbs, and aioli. My husband loves the toast beef poboy. They also have awesome milk shakes.This is one of my favorite lunch places. If you're looking for a HUGE, delicious sandwich for $8-9, go here. Now.
The owners are Australian and really friendly. The guy has started recognizing me, which is nice (but also means I go there way too often). It definitely has a sandwich shop sort of feel, with rather uncomfortable chairs and wacky cow-themed decor, but I usually get it to go anyway. It's a popular lunch spot for the hospital and businesses around it, so if you're there during lunch time you might encounter a line. Even so, they tend to move things pretty quickly.
The sandwiches themselves are enormous, made on freshly-baked crusty bread, and piled high with toppings. My favorite is the Christmas in July--smoked turkey, spinach, tomato, brie, and cranberry sauce. A close second is the Wolf Me Down, with lamb, hummus, spinach...and some other stuff. All I know is it's fantastic. I usually eat one half for lunch and save the other for dinner or a late night snack.
They also have a new salad with black beans, corn, guacamole, tortilla strips, and chipotle ranch that's wonderful.Very good sandwiches!  Coffee here is so so.  Staff is ok but it's the fresh sandwiches that makes it come together.Amazing savory sandwiches and creamy milkshakes are the staples at Milk Bar. It makes you feel like a kid eating here. Located in the back of Cafe Prytania, Milk Bar is a hidden gem. Most of the sandwiches are served on a huge ciabatta bun. The portions are huge and you won't be disappointed. I've had the Clooney's Choice and the Occidental Oriental. The chicken in the Clooney's Choice is so moist and the cheese just oozes out of the sandwich. The Occidental Oriental is a nice Thai-style sandwich that is a combination of sweet and savory. It's a perfect lunch spot with friends. Don't forget to try one of their old fashioned hand dipped milkshakes! Only open during the weekday!Great food! Great prices! Great staff! My mother found it, and now several of us are loving it. I was in the local hospital. I would have starved to death before eating that food. We needed something affordable, knowing we'd be getting carry out for the next couple of weeks. Wow!!! The Milk Bar is crazy-ridiculous good with delicious salads and sandwiches made from fresh ingredients. I won't call it a totally "healthy" menu, but there are a lot of choices that truly are healthy and the staff is always willing to make it a special order. The maltshakes (milkshakes) are amazing!!!!!!!!!Sooooo bloody good! Milkshakes seem to go well with everything and they certainly mesh well with the awesome sandwiches they make here too. 
Only thing is to avoid the lunch rush from the local hospital staff.The Milk Bar is the restaurant situated in the back of Cafe Prytania (which despite having Cafe in the title is really just a bar).  Come to think of it...the Milk Bar isn't even a bar.  Tricky
Anyway, super tasty sandwiches on GREAT ciabatta bread.  The $6-8 prices are worth it because they are huge and have excellent ingredients.  There are actually 4 vegetarian sandwich choices (none vegan but I'm sure they could leave off the cheese) + an assortment of meat sandwiches including lamb which is a bit of a novelty.
The salads also look very tasty although I only ordered a sandwich.  And the lemon-lime freeze was really good.  My only complaint is that the breakfast menu is really limited, but I hardly ever go out for breakfast anyway.
I really need to make it back for one of their milkshakes; I hear via the twitter-tubes that they are excellent.Really good sammiches.I have hesitated to write a review of my favorite lunch place because it is just that--my favorite lunch place. The Christmas in July sandwich is an ooey gooey masterpiece with cranberries, spinach, turkey and melty cheese on some of the best bread you will ever have.
Their raspberry lemonade, chocolate thunder down under milkshakes, and freshly made salads are also delicious.
Also a treat is their soup of the day that comes with a warm bread roll. The "roll" is actually a small po-boy loaf, fresh as you can get. Tomato basil, asparagus or broccoli with cheese, and shrimp with sweet corn are just a few of their choices--the blackboard outside will let you know which one is available that day. Unfortunately, as the weather gets warmer, the soup goes into hibernation. That is my only complaint, because I work somewhere with cranked air conditioning, so it's always soup season!
Chupa chup lollipops free with any sandwich purchase, and my advice is to either split a sandwich, come hungry, or have a way to store the other half for dinner. Average price of $7 for a sandwich goes a long way.
Keep up the great work, aces!Man I love some variety but when I go to Milk Bar I can't help but always get a Clooney, everything I want in a sandwich. Their shakes are top notch too. I always try to get in by 1130 or so to avoid a long line, but even then you'll still see a handful of people with the same idea. One day I may move around the menu but for now this is the perfect quick lunch when I'm Uptown.I wish I'd gone here earlier.  The Milk Bar has fresh, creative sandwich creations on amazing ciabatta bread.  I don't normally do milkshakes, but couldn't resist butterscotch.  Everything was all I wanted an more.  Go. Eat. Now.best sandwich I've had in new orleans. wish it was open on weekends.Super friendly guys, lots of vegetarian options, and a hot, delicious sandwich made right in front of me in less than 5min. What else could you ask for?I am so glad that I'm too lazy and pressed for time to make the short trek to Milk Bar on a daily basis.  And I love the fact that they don't deliver (as some coworkers have fantasized about).  Cause if I had the option of eating here more often, my diet would be shot to hell thanks to their heavenly cheese-meat-bread-veggie-whatever concoctions.  Both times I have eaten from here, I said I was going to save half the sandwich for later and ended up eating the whole thing because it was so good.  The Psycho Chicken has a definite Mediterranean vibe, with sun-dried tomatoes, olives and pesto; but was still overwhelmed by all the cheese. What do you expect though from a place that has dairy in its name?  The prices are a little high for counter service (most sandwiches are about $10 with tax), but that's my only complaint with the place.  Also, the dcor is fun to look at and kinda cool in a kitchy sort of way, lots of pink, cow prints and dairy-themed memorabilia.  Nice for an occasional treat.shrimply the best is the greatest sandwich creation that i have ever ingested. ambiance is a little odd (no offense milk bar), but that doesn't matter. their sandwiches and salads are amazing. grab a meal and walk it to one of the many great drinking establishments with outdoor seating within feet of the milk bar and enjoy a cold brew with your meal!Delish. I had the Shrimply the Best with avocado and it was yummy. I've never had pesto with shrimp before and wasn't sure I'd like it but the gooey mozzarella cheese tied the whole thing together. My husband ordered the Wolf it Down and apart from it needing some sauce, he really liked it. We also split a small Mexican salad, which was a nice addition to the meal. We want to come back to sample milkshakes!This place is addicting! The malts are delish and...well..the sandwiches are stupendously awesome! I keep getting the Clooney, Psycho Chicken and the Blue Heeler over and over and over and.....Giant ciabatta loaves from a local bakery + funky veg ensembles? Yes, please. The "I Dream of Aubergenie" lives up to its name: I honestly dream about this sandwich and the little Chupa Chubs lollipop that comes with it. My meat-eating friends didn't walk away hungry in the least and no need to relocate for dessert; their shake and smoothie options never cease to hit the spot! 
Word of advice: if you know you want the shake, go the old-fashioned route and start enjoying before your sandwich- then you'll have leftovers for lunch ;)I went hear maybe over a year ago and it is the cutest sandwich shop that is hidden!  I bought the Psycho Chicken and could only eat half of it b/c it's so big. Great place for lunch or after work.Went here recently because I wanted to try something away from your typical cuisine. I'm honestly tired of sandwiches because I eat so many of them in the CBD. 
Atmosphere
What a neat, tiny place! It has like 4-6 tables with the bathroom nowhere in sight (actually, I never found it). The awesome board in the back with all the international cows gives the reader a good laugh. The pink colors give it a cow-y mood, but it also isn't overkill, surprisingly. The place is currently decked out in cow ornaments and trees. I like that it feels like you just stepped back in time. Anyway, my friend and I were the only ones in there on a Wednesday night around 8:00. You order at the window right by the door and have a seat. 
====================
Food
I had the Thai Chilli Lamb because I really wasn't feeling the chicken that day. I must say that adding the sweet chili sauce was a BRILLIANT idea. The sauce gives the sandwich that extra BANG you need without overpowering the juiciness of the meat or sogging up the bread. Speaking of bread, it's not your po-boy bread, thankfully. It's soft and doesn't ruin kill roof of your mouth. The lamb I had wasn't dry, but it was a little hard to bite into at times. Watch out for the parts that don't have the Thai chili sauce because it most likely will be a little dry. The taste overall impressed me. Wasn't expecting something so different from the usual turkey/chicken/whatever sandwich. 
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard, and damn right, it's better than yours! Ok, theirs is better than what I will ever make. I had the caramel milkshake, and even though Milk Bar forgot about our milkshakes, I still enjoyed them. The milkshake wasn't super thick, so it was pretty easy to drink. I'd have to give it 4/5 stars. I also had a taste of the strawberry fields, which tastes like a better version of strawberry ice cream. 
====================
Service
I understand we got there an hour before close, but it's an hour, not a minute. They took care of us, but forgot our milkshakes :( but I'm not holding that against them. People forget, you know? Kind of wish they were a little more friendlier... or perhaps they were having a bad day. 
====================
Why 4 stars
These sandwiches are so far from standard, but it didn't give me that WOW factor I was looking for. Maybe another sandwich will do the trick. Will come back soon!The Milk Bar is hands down the best sandwich shop in New Orleans. It serves a variety of gourmet sandwiches, po boys and salads. The likes of Psycho Chicken, I Dream of Aubergine and Clooney's choice are available- and are all delicious. The space is small and always full- conveniently located across from Touro hospital for the doctors amongst us who crave a sandwich here and there. The walls are pink covered in cow artwork and the delicious smells permeate the room.  You order your sandwich and take a seat while its prepared by the team.  The menu is extremely creative with sandwich combinations I've never tasted. We tend to order the psycho chicken and the Clooney. I've never tried the milkshakes but also hear that they are to die for. You also get a free lolly pop which always brings a smile to my face. If you are not from New Orleans you may find it hard to find since its tucked away into a small side street off of Saint Charles. Just follow your nose and stomach I am sure they will lead you there.You better come hungry, because you are going to eat, eat, eat! Treat yourself to a sandwich AND a milkshake. You won't regret it.Lovely place and very friendly service. We had a delicious sandwich and a good cappuccino. We will definitely be back and try a milkshake. The interior is well selected and funny designed.I can't remember the last time I got so giddy just from being inside a restaurant!  I stumbled upon this place after looking on the yelp map when I got nosy and wanted to see what was around the Garden Distrct area after our tour.  Boy am I glad!  If you know anything about me, I am on a constant quest to find cows.  This place made me feel like a kid in a candy shop!  A wall of cow economics, signs with cows on them, I love it!  We got the Clooney sandwich, and the chicken was amazingly juicy!  Ciabatta bread had an awesome crunch and tasted fresh.  I also found my perfect NOLA souvenir here...their t-shirts are only $12, and it says "Moo Dat".  I will definitely return next time I'm in NOLA!Innovative and original super tasty sandwich offerings. Milkshakes are from heaven, and a truly over-the-moon bliss will own you upon consumption, Decent environment, nothing fancy.So sad to see the location near me closing! Had the shrimply the best and clooney's choice - bread was delicious, sandwiches were perfect in my opinion. Milkshakes were thinner than I usually like but still delicious (had the chocolate and banana).I was a little fooled by the single $ in the description.  The Milk Bar barely fits in that category.  
I had a great salad here with candied pecans and goat cheese.  The smaller portion was more than adequate for my lunch. My strawberry milkshake was a bit watery and lacking in flavor which I was really looking forward to at a place called "Milk Bar."  The sandwiches are HUGE and definitely large enough to split.  My sister really enjoyed her Shrimply Delicious sandwich. 
Overall, cute little place with counter service for a quick, filling, and very tasty lunch.My friends have been joking that I need a lollipop intervention. Milk Bar gives out Chupa Chups with every order.
And as if that is not enough- the food is really good!  It is. I went there with a group of people for the first time and wasn't getting anything. But standing there I got hungry so I asked for a roll. They heated up a big poboy roll and charged me a buck and a half, but it was a perfect roll. After that i've gone back for their many vegetarian sandwich options. Every one is so well put together and on good bread. Tasty. 
The sandwiches are huge and justify the price. 
Not open on the weekends but DO take credit cards!We loved it--stopped in for sandwiches in the middle of the afternoon.  We went with the Clooney and a Shrimply the Best.  Very, very good sandwiches--fresh ingredients, fantastic bread, and yummy toppings.  We had the corn chowder and it was excellent.   We also splurged on banana, chocolate, and caramel shakes--they were the best we've ever had.  Seriously--a perfect stop for lunch.  They have a few tables outside and you can grab a beer next door and bring it back.  You cannot miss here--REALLY GOOD sandwiches, on the BEST bread ever! Fresh and perfect every time. A little bit of a wait for the food, but just enough time to run over to Prytania cafe for a drink!YUM. just went to milk bar for the first time with some coworkers, and I was very impressed. I got the Cattle Fodder with cream cheese, sprouts, avocado, carrots, mushrooms, tomato and roasted red pepper. It's easily my new favorite sandwich - I had to stop myself from eating the whole thing, because the sandwiches here are huge. The bread was incredible, as well. Also got the raspberry lemonade (yum) and they throw in a lollipop for a lovely dessert treat (what a delight!)
Coworkers both got I Dream of Aubergenie and they both loved it, as well. 
Staff was very nice, sandwiches came out quick - all in all it was a fantastic experience. I will definitely be back!Absolutely delicious sandwiches. The Wolf Me Down is particularly good.I suppose I should have ordered a shake--shakes are the principles upon which this place was founded. But, the sandwiches, which I'm picky about, got me at first sight. 
They are quite huge. So, I opted for one that seemed to have less in it, the "I Dream of Aubergenie." Roasted eggplant, red peppers, hummus--so simple, yet soooo delicious. I have only been here one time, but I look forward returning soon.just a solid, creative spot for great sammiches. the christmas in july is phenomenal and is my go-to. perfect comfort sammich, especially after a long night out.  they're also huge so, if needed, they can suffice for a leftover meal as well. the ciabatta bread is really tasty.  
i'm giving the speared pig a try today - smoked ham, mozzarella, asparagus spears and hollandaise. sounds like a winner. 
shakes are phenomenal too. i tend to get the chocolate thunder and it's awesome. i have yet to be let down by the milk bar.The beauty of technology is you can sit on a wonderful trolley car and watch the reviews and recommendations geo-load. So, as I sat took in the wonderful New Orleans spring and sites, Milk Bar popped up. I read and spontaneously jumped off the trolley and walked in.
Milk Bar is a cute place with plenty of seating and a ton of choices. I ordered Christmas in July - I LOVE fresh roasted turkey and cranberry and jump at the chance to have it!
The sandwich was heaven between two slices of bread, the cranberry sauce was essential and delicious. Lovely sandwich.
The staff is very friendly and super nice - a good all around sandwich and worth the trip whether you are visiting or a local.Great sandwiches!  Easy for eat in or take out.  They are a dollar or 2 more than I would prefer to pay, but the quality is so good that I can't complain.  Many gourmet and even vegetarian options, plus an excellent roast beef debris style po-boy.  I wasn't that taken by the toasted bread on my po-boy so next time I will order it cold.I have loved this place since I found it and it's a great place for well-crafted sandwiches and milkshakes. I recommend the Christmas in July (Roasted turkey, spinach, tomato, Brie, mozzarella, and cranberry sauce) they also get their bread fresh from La Boulangerie. Definitely try it if you're in the area at Borders or Touro!  Unfortunately open M-F only until 9pmSuper delicious, family friendly, personable service - wonderful place for a great lunch and absolutely a must try if you are a fan of milkshakes! And if you are into cows - you'll appreciate their humorous and lively decor. Im fact, I got one of my friend's newborn baby a "Moo Dat" onesie. :)Awesome secret sandwich shop that would probably be doing gangbusters if it wasn't hidden behind hospitals and the reprehensible Cafe Prytania.  Great selection of giant sandwiches that are worth the 8 bucks- and most of 'em are veggie, a huge plus.  Wandered in after an ill-fated emergency room visit, and it's a hole-in-the-wall, but I pulled up a stool next to an old stereo playing WWOZ and ate this delcious hunk of eggplant, olives, peppers, and cheese and drank a milkshake.  I'd been looking all over this town for a place like this.This place is uh-mah-zin!  I've had Milk Bar bookmarked for months as a place to visit while in New Orleans.  I went with a group of friends, one of which had already been to the restaurant.  All the sandwiches were awesome and very large portions.  I got the Clooney and all it needed was a little Sriracha, which there is plenty of at the condiment bar.  I think I'll be adding this to my rotation of must-go spots every time I'm in town for work.Milk bar has a super chill vibe and is the place to go if you want to eat a quality sandwich with some reggae in the background..no frills or fancy stuff just a good concept. Shrimply the Best was the better sandwich of the 2 I got (the other was the Thai chicken) but it all depends on your tastebuds. Not a traditional po boy shop.Meh, every time I eat here I think that it is going to be delicious because the reviews are good and people in the neighborhood like it. Unfortunately, I think these sandwiches are just missing something, taste-wise. I actually think they need a more assertive sauce/dressing for most of their sandwiches. Last time, we got the thai peanut sauce one which was pretty good, and the clooney's choice which was bland. Their sandwiches are also on the expensive side for something that is typically just ok.I have been craving sandwiches as of late... sandwiches are probably my favorite foods after Korean. Anyway, it was a bright 70-degree Friday in the middle of January (New York: I miss your food but I certainly don't miss your frosty winters)  Having finished classes unusually early I wanted to treat myself to a good lunch bite before going spinning later that afternoon. 
The outer facade is just adorable. There's outdoor seating next to tall windows each cradling a pot of yellow flowers. And the white painted brick wall.. how cozy/chic! 
I ordered the Shrimply Special, as I've recently been inspired to eat more seafood in lieu of meat. The wait was more than 10 minutes as it was lunch hour. I anxiously entered and exited the shop to check on my parkingpermit-less car. Sensing my anxiety, one kitchen staffer generously offered to bring it to me to my car (He had a cool accent! I must ask him where he's from... you don't meet too many foreign NOLA transplants here)
More importantly, onto the sandwich::
Hot shrimp remoulade on toasted ciabatta breads, glistening with gooey Mozarella on one slice and with a smear of pesto on the other. Succulent, whole deshelled shrimps layered in a large spoonful that they are just popping out of my sandwich as if they're jumping out of the water. Tomato and red onion to cut through the greasiness. It was probably the most delicious bite of sandwich I'd had in a while. 
$8.50 for a large sandwich that makes two meals. And the Shrimply Special is probably the most expensive item on the menu that ranges from $7.00 - $8.50. 
Tip: Delachaise st. requires paid 2-hour Parking. You can politely ask the kitchen staff to bring the food to your car and they'll gladly do so. Give some tip with your grab-to-go order and save Parking $$. 
Touro employees are lucky to have such a great eatery just around the corner, and  try all of the sandwiches on the menu... which is precisely what I plan on doing :pAside from Yelp having the wrong address (it's actually on Delachaise, the address given is to the bar that it shares a building with, Milk Bar is in a very easy to find convenient location right by Touro hospital.
As far as the food goes, everything was excellent. Having a 3 year old to feed always makes picking a place to eat a challenge, but Milk Bar didn't pose a challenge at all. They offer a breakfast sandwich (ham and cheese on Croissant) all day long, which was perfect for our little one. As for me I got the Clooney's Choice, and I think I almost ate the bag it came in. My wife got a butterscotch milkshake......i mean how can you come to a milk bar and not get a milk shake? Anyway it was excellent, it tasted exactly like butterscotch and wasn't too thick or runny.
All in all I'll definitely be back to the Milk Bar.Our hotel was in the Garden District, and we wanted lunch from a local eatery. The Milk Bar didn't disappoint. Great food and great prices. Excellent casual atmosphere, with outdoor seating if the weather is nice. All sandwiches have a theme (Shirley Valentine, I Dream of Aubergine, Shrimpley Delicious, etc) but can be made to your liking.Great food. Great service. Out of all the places in New Orleans I tried, still highly recommend.Had the Mediterranean Lamb Salad which was wonderful. Loved the shaved lamb on top. The Psycho chicken was great as well. Great place to bring a child as they have lots of stuffed animals and books.Just stopped in for a quick bite after touring Tulane.  Yum yum yum.   Delicious creative sandwiches and salads.  Also tried the caramel milkshake which hit the spot.  Clean and friendly service.  Definitely would come back.Wow, great sandwiches. Warm, flavorful & filling. Try Christmas in July". It's yummy. Small place- we got there @12 noon & w/in 15 minutes pp standing in line.We were next door at the bar after a test, we had been drinking all day and I got super hungry! And then someone mentioned that milk bar was next door! I ordered a psycho chicken sandwich... and from what I can remember, it was tasty! I wasn't a fan of all the onion in it though...First time trying this place. I would definitely go back. My sandwhich was really good, full of medium sized fresh shrimp on toasted French bread. Two thumbs up!I heard a friend yapping about some people from the land down under who had moved here and then she described some good sandwiches they were making - and I thought, that sounds good. Sho' nuff, I strolled into Milk Bar checked out the funny named sandwich menu. Psycho Chicken anyone? I ordered the Wolf Me Down because it had: mozzarella, sauteed spinach, red onions and roasted lamb. Roasted lamb? Are you kidding me? I love lamb! I also ordered the Pecan and Feta Salad (pecans, spinach, sauteed mushrooms and red onions, kalamata olives and feta cheese). My order was to-go, so kudos for actually writing the order on the bag (for the multiple sandwich orders, you know what I mean). 
I loved the lamb sandwich a lot. I thought as a whole, it could have used a little more salt/seasoning, but after a few bites, I didn't mind. It was a big sandwich for the price; I had to save half for later. Same for the salad. Anything with pecans, feta and olives is a winner in my book, but the sauteed mushrooms were surprisingly tasty. 
I'm sure I will try most if not all of the sandwiches here; they just sound too good! Definitely something different from the usual po-boy places and I don't mind that at all. I definitely recommend trying this place. 
They also have a bar that makes milkshakes and freezes that I hear are pretty good as well. Oh yeah, nice touch by giving you a yogurt lollipop with each order! Chupa Chup anyone???If you don't like Milk Bar, I probably don't like you. 
Just kidding. But seriously, what's not to like about this place? I'd been meaning to come here for awhile, but getting a sandwich for lunch has been taking a back burner to the other cafes and restaurants that I'm hurrying to try before I move away from New Orleans, so I didn't get around to Milk Bar til this week. 
First of all, the vibe of the place is so cute. Total mom and pop / family service. The first time I went, my date and I ordered a Christmas in July (turkey, swiss, cranberry sauce, all on the now-famous juicy fat Ciabatta roll) to share, since we weren't starving and the sandwiches are GINORMOUS, as well as a chocolate milkshake. We decided after we ordered that we wanted the milkshake for dessert, not with our meal, and the guy behind the counter (he's SO nice) said "that's fine, just holler when you want it!") The sandwich was fantastic, and I'm not normally a meat eater (I still gave some of my turkey to my date, but nonetheless the flavor was great). After we ate the sandwich, tragedy struck - I dropped the full milkshake on the floor and it spilled everywhere! Luckily, we were sitting at one of the outside tables (if weather permits, please do this - there's an overhang for shade and the tree-lined street makes for a charming lunch or dinner date), but it still oozed everywhere in their seating area. I went inside and told the guy behind the counter what happened, and he was so casual about it. He sent a girl out to help me clean it up, waved away my $3.50 and immediately handed me another chocolate milkshake. Wow. I mean, wow. SO! NICE!
I had to restrain myself from going back for dinner that day.
Instead, I returned for lunch the next day. This time, I got a Cattle Fodder sandwich to myself - cream cheese, spinach, goat cheese, mushrooms, and roasted red pepper. Again, although I was starving, I couldn't eat the whole sandwich. I love the Chupa lollipops they give you. The same guy behind the counter took my money and waved away the exact change I was painstakingly picking out of my wallet. I got a banana berry smoothie, which I loved, but if you go to Milk Bar don't get a smoothie, get a milkshake. My friend had the Go Bananas! milkshake, which he loved. 
This is one of New Orleans' best casual lunch spot. Not just uptown, ALL of New Orleans. Go!I was here a few weeks ago when my mom was having surgery. I was SO hungry and stumbled upon the Milk Bar. I was a little hesitant to go in at first (the restaurant itself was a hole in the wall and smelled a little funny). I ordered a chicken sandwich that had roasted peppers and all sorts of veggies on it. One bite of the bread itself and I was in love. My heart melts for delicious bread!! Had the condiments and chicken itself been more tastier, I would've enjoyed it a lot more. Overall, I really enjoyed my sandwich!!Located in a bit of a strange place, connected to a bar, across from a hospital, is this little amazing Australian sandwich shop. I used to go here with someone I dated and then started going with friends, great delicious sandwiches, great vegetarian options, a plus for me, since eating here as a vegetarian has not been easy with restaurants that specialize in meats everywhere. It is small inside, there are 2 people making the food since last I was there, not much of a wait time. Absolutely a great place to go for lunch.In a city where po- boy reigns king, these sandwiches are royalty. We had some amazing sandwiches. The bread was crisp and fresh. The meat was sweet and perfect. The toppings were amazing. They are certainly not $5 footlong... Sandwiches are $8.50. And worth every penny.Wow!
My boyfriend and I went here on our first day in New Orleans--boy, am I glad that we did!  The restaurant was very easy to get to on the Saint Charles bus, and we really enjoyed our meal. I got the Christmas in July and my boyfriend got the Blue Heeler, both of which were delicious!  The sandwiches are definitely big enough to share, though I'm glad we each got our own so that we got to experience more awesomeness! Their shakes are also quite good, and the restaurant is really well-priced. Highly recommend!A colleague was just asking for meal recommendations in NOLA for an upcoming trip and in my top 5 memorable meals was a sandwich place - crazy I know - but this place was that good. I had the psycho chicken. Didn't event try the milkshakes. The portions are huge - you could split but why would you want to. I highly recommend if you are in the Garden District and hungry.YAY! I don't usually go out of my way to go buy sandwiches to eat, but this place hits the spot for a sandwich place. They also served great milkshakes and poboys are also on the menu, but I haven't tried the po boys yet. 
I ordered the Cloony's Choice, which has marinated chicken, avocado, red onion, mozzarella, cilantro, and lemon mayo. This sandwich tasted amazing, the mozzerella was melted to perfection and the sandwich was very flavorful. There were so many different sandwiches to choose from and all of them so different! I also of course had to order the vanilla milkshake. This milkshake was not too heavy and added well with the sandwiches. 
Definitely coming here more!Great sandwiches, great shakes, very reasonable prices - but admittedly limited ambience so it's mostly a lunch & locals place and I definitely wouldn't trek out from the Quarter for Milk Bar if you're a tourist visiting for the weekend.  I've only been for dinner when it's much less crowded but I would recommend Milk Bar to most people for the food.  I do have to say that Shrimply The Best wasn't quite as amazing as previous reviews led me to believe but it was definitely good.  The Thai Chili Chicken sandwich was very good - and also huge - plus the homemade butterscotch shake was my wife's favorite thing.  $20 buys a very good dinner & dessert for two, plus a half sandwich for lunch tomorrow.  The sandwiches at atmosphere at Butcher are preferable for me, but for the price you can't beat Milk Bar.Love, love, love their Thai Chili Chicken Sandwich.  Can't get to the rest of the menu because I love that sandwich so much.  Sounds fiery hot, but it isn't--just sweet, tangy and delicious.  It consists of slices of roasted chicken, tomato, red onion, white cheese, sour cream and Thai chili sauce on a sour dough bun, toasted to perfection.  You can also get it on ciabatta bread, if you prefer.  Their  fresh-made lemonade is very good.  Milkshakes are good, also.  My husband always goes for their salads and enjoys them. I recently  had a chocolate mocha freeze and was surprised at how good it was!  Was worried I might not like it, but now it ranks higher than the milkshakes.
The staff aren't just friendly; they treat you like you're an old friend.  They never mind answering questions, making changes, or waiting for you to decide on a milkshake flavor.  They understand that sometimes getting the perfect shake can really turn your day around.    
Since it's near Touro I head there after doctor's appointments and after fasting for labs.  Now that I've found The Milk Bar, trips to the doctor are much more enjoyable!.A great little place.
The sandwich I had here was phenomenal...the bread alone would deserve a good review. I am also a sucker for any place that does milkshakes. And they do their milkshakes quite nice. 
The menu, though small, had a lot to offer; a few different sandwiches, some great looking salads, and plenty of tasty sweets. 
I could easily see myself eating here again and again and again.Oh Good Lord. 
Our boss just showed up with 4 huge platters full of quartered sandwiches. I tried three of them, and they were all amazing. The bread is fantastic--all light and crusty and flaky.  I could do some damage with the bread, never mind all the delicious tasty fillings! I had a couple quarters of the vegetarian ones (the "I Dream of Aubergine" and the "Shirley Valentine")  and I'm one happy camper right now. 
I heard coworkers raving about the one wiht lamb and the shrimp one, but all I know is that what I had was DELICIOUS!
These were some of the best sandwiches I've had in the city. Seriously. Try one.The sandwich I had here (Thai chicken on ciabatta) was spectacular. I loved the melted cheese, which didn't overpower the other flavors. It's a perfect place if you're hungry; I'll definitely be going back next time I'm in NOLA.Fun place!! I ordered the Clooney's Choice sandwich and Butterscotch Hop milkshake and both certainly lived up to the hype. Also: when you order a bowl of soup, it comes with a whole loaf of French bread!! The portions are HUGE!My family and I were visiting the Garden District area of NOLA. We were looking for a quick bite to eat, and ventured over to this little sandwich place. Great food fresh, healthy, and great food for your buck! Fantastic place for a quick lunch bite.This times a thousand.  Whenever I'm in Louisiana, I go here.  I have only been to Louisiana twice because I have only ever lived in California or Virginia.  
It's more of an out-of-the-way local establishment that doesn't try to establish itself on Bourbon Street (thankfully).  The prices are cheap, the food is excellent and the staff are wonderful.  I can't recommend this place enough.I learned about yelp after visiting The Milk Bar yesterday with my sister. She said she had read some very positive reviews so I knew I had to check it out. It was in the middle of a downpour in the middle of lunch so I knew they probably wouldn't be packed and since I only had an hour it was perfect! 
Prytania was flooded by Touro but I was surprised that Delachaise had been spared from deep flooding and I got a parking spot right by the door! There is a ton of street parking so I was pleased to not have to circle the block four or five times. 
When I walked in I was immediately greeted with a smile from the guy behind the counter with a fantastic accent :) It took a few minutes to decide what to try but I went with the "Christmas in July" and my sister had the "Shirley Valentine". 
The bread on the sandwiches was delicious and flaky and perfectly toasted. What I particularly loved is that you could actually see what was on the sandwich. There weren't stingy with the fillings! 
I will definitely be back. I can't pass up a good sandwich, and these were amazing!
The only reason that this isn't getting 5.5 is because of the pepto-bismol walls. They were a tad overwhelming but I found it humorous that my lollipop was the same color! Oh, did I mention the lollipop they include with your sandwich? Who needs mints?!Went to this placed on the high reviews on Yelp, and I was beyond thrilled with the choice. My friend and I split the Christmas in July and the Shrimply the Best - soooo good. I want to eat no other sandwiches again. My friend tipped on his card when we paid for our food, and I went back and tipped again after eating, that's how good it was. Carmel milkshake was a perfect capper. Plus, they gave us Chupa Chups! Workers are very nice, and atmosphere is cozy and eclectic. Don't think - just go try it!AMAZING AND HUGE SANDWICHES!!!
I had the C looney which was amazing but I couldn't finish it since it was so bigThe Christmas in July might be the best sandwich I ever had. They are super nice, and there is a bar right next door.... handy.I was around the corner one day, and was craving a roast beef po'boy, and thought that this was a great time to go to Milk Bar. I've only been inside one other time, but I didn't order anything. The previous time, the line was long, and slow, and I kept smelling cigarette smoke inside that made me lose my appetite.
Since I was around the corner, I thought it was a great time to give it another go, even if I had to do a to go order. I called ahead where they picked the phone up right away and took my order, thus bypassing the long and slow line. I was so disappointed in the po'boy. The roast beef was bland. Not enough salt, not enough pepper, not enough flavor. Actually, it lacked any flavor. I felt ripped off for spending $10 for a po'boy and iced tea that was so boring. 
The staff is really nice, and happy to help. but I don't know if I will go back. It will mostly depend on if others really, really want to go.Delicious sandwiches, milkshakes and fresh salads! We had the Shrimply the Best and Wolf me Down (added olives) on perfectly toasted ciabatta.  We also had the banana milkshake and maple pecan feta salad.  Both were amazing.  The only reason this spot didn't get 5 stars is because the Shrimp sandwich was not seasoned very well.  Some bites were good and others were bland.  Perhaps the shrimp was not thoroughly seasoned with the spices evenly.  The Wolf me Down was hands down, one of the best lamb sandwiches I've ever had!  Hummus, Lamb and Olives - heaven!Delicious! Huge sandwiches. Great flavor. Bread is sooo good. I got the speared pig with ham mozzarella asparagus and hollandaise sauce. Service was quick and friendly. I definitely am regretting not grabbing a milkshake. Good thing it's right around the corner from us!Ok honestly Milk Bar gets 5.5 stars from me. They have awesome salads, which is great since I'm gluten intolerant. I think they have five on the menu. I work right around the corner, and I eat here 3+ days a week, so naturally, after eating their delicious salads so many times and hearing about how AMAZING their sandwiches are from my coworkers, I got a little bit of "I Dream of Aubergenie" envy. I was thinking "How can this happen without bread ... I Dream of Aubergenie SALAD!" And poof, here it is right in front of me and it is so freakin delicious! Mixed greens, tomatoes, red onions, roasted eggplant, black olives, feta cheese, pesto and hummus dressing. I was so impressed that after eating this vegetarian salad, I was full to the gills. Spectacular! 
So here's my reivew.
Delicious food
Friendly staff
Good environment
Love the Chupa Chups lollipops
Wait time is very short considering how busy they are
Accomodating to guests with food allergies and special requests
Amazing customer service
Did I mention the food is amazing?If you like sandwiches and milkshakes the only advice I can give you is this: GO TO MILK BAR IMMEDIATELY. 
They have the most creative sandwiches and they are to die for. 
The Thai Chili Chicken Po-Boy is delicious and enormous and so so cheap. They have a "Christmas in July" sandwich that also seems to be quite popular. Honestly, you can't go wrong with the hot traditional sandwiches like turkey & gravy either.I came here with my husband during our visit to New Orleans. When my husband had suggested this place, I was not too excited about it but man! I was sooo wrong. We tried the 'Wolf me down' sandwich (roasted lamb, hummus, sauteed spinach, mozzarella, tomatoes and red onions) and the 'Occidental Oriental' (Chicken red pepper, cucumber, sprouts, mozzarella and peanut satay sauce (this could have gone so terribly wrong!) but we were quite pleasantly surprised. 
The lamb sandwich was amazing!! The lamb was very soft and flavorful and the ingredients went very well together.  The chicken sandwich was surprisingly good. The parts of my sandwich that had more of the sauce tasted alot better. I ordered their fresh raspberry lemonade. It was quite refreshing and not overly sweet. The portions were big (you can definitely make another meal out of the left overs)  and the prices are very reasonable. They also had other interesting things sandwiches, salads and po boys on the menu. Would definitely try some of them if I get a chance to go back.
The decor is very cute and interesting and the place had a very chilled out vibe. I would definitely recommend this place.A good sandwich starts with good bread, and bread at Milk Bar is amazing.  Fresh, warm, flaky and chewy ciabatta rolls.  The sandwiches on the menu have creative blends of meats, veggies and spreads (they also have salads, but bread is so good, it's hard not to order a sandwich).  And unlike most po-boy shops, Milk Bar has more than one vegetarian sandwich option (filled with fresh veggies and cheeses/spreads, not french fries and gravy - which is okay for special occasions, but hard to justify for weekly lunches).  I was there during the lunch rush at noon and there were several people ahead of me in line, but the guy behind the counter keeps the order line moving fast, and they have 2 or 3 people making sandwiches in the little kitchen.  Probably only took 7 or 8 minutes total to order and get food.  My only wish is that they were open on weekends!THE BEST SANDWICHES EVER!!!
We took the St. Charles Streetcar from Downtown to Milk Bar. The menu had a lot of sandwiches and salads to choose from. When my hubby and I received our sandwiches, our first thoughts were "mMMMMMMmm." Yes, the sandwiches were that good! Especially the warm ciabatta bread! 
My hubby ordered the Blue Heeler - roast beef and gravy, sauteed mushroom, tomato, red onion, and blue and mozzarella cheeses. He loved this sandwich! It was one of the best roast beef sandwiches that he had, especially since the gravy was the perfect amount.
I ordered the I Dream of Aubergenie - roasted eggplant, red peppers, red onions, feta cheese, mozzarella, pesto, and hummus. YUM YUM YUM! The warm bread with the melted cheese and eggplant was delicious! My hubby loved the sandwich and ate most of the feta cheese. 
Our sandwiches were $8.50 each, and each order came with a lollipop. If we lived in the area, we would eat these sandwiches practically everyday. 
The one thing the store should improve upon is the packaging. It is wasteful to see the paper bags and the butcher paper being used for the sandwiches, especially when eating at the restaurant. Hope they consider plates for the dine-in customers.vegetarian food + amazing bread + close to home= new go to lunch place!
I found this place while waiting for Muses and I am so glad I did.  They have 3 yes 3 different vegetarian sandwiches on their menu!  And they are all different and none of them say sauteed veggies!  Thank you.  Great food and everyone loved the bread.  I mean I love bread but this bread was amazing.  
They also have a Cow Economics board which i love because I had to do them in high school.  I liked the menu and the two meat eaters that I was with loved their food.  The sandwich was large enough to share with another person which is good because it was $8.  No sides.  
I will update everyone once I try their coffee.  I am very picky but if they are as good as the sandwiches I have high hopes!This 5 stars is coming not just for their sandwiches (delicious), but the staff- my car died outside the restaurant yesterday and the woman behind the counter spent 10 minutes jump starting my car and directed me to a good mechanic. I could tell they have awesome relationships with all the neighborhood regulars who come by. GO HERE!!!amazing iced coffee! smooth and rich!Literally the first thing I said upon taking a bite was, "This is the best sandwich I've ever had IN MY LIFE." 
I've had a lot of sandwiches! Seriously, this place is totally tucked into a wall, not noticeable, and *such* a find. I had the Thai Lamb Po-boy and it was amazing. My husband had the The Clooney (which I guess is their most popular sandwich? He asked) and it was also really, really good. We were sad we didn't find this place til the last day of our time in New Orleans; we would have gone back a couple of times if we had known!Milk bar, milk bar..
Beautiful sandwiches, friendly staff in a very convenient location.
Seriously deadly sandwiches, and by deadly I mean AWESOME!!
My wife and I both had the Blue Healer, hers however was not on the Ciabatta, but the Po-Boy roll.
Go for the Ciabatta, it makes a truly sublime taste treat.
Everything in this sandwich plays so well together, it is impossible to dislike it.
The Roast Beef, gravy and mushrooms, pair so well with the blue cheese and the mozzarella 
Simply adds a level of mellowness this sandwich needs.
GO try Milk Bar, you'll be glad you didI like Milk Bar, and was so happy to find their location on Delachaise because it's closer to where I live! I've never been disappointed with my sandwich choices here, and I've tried a bunch! I like the gourmet sandwiches the most, like the Christmas in July sandwich and Shrimply the Best. I think Milk Bar makes use of great ingredients, which really sets them apart. I recently discovered their hot po-boys, and I have to say, they're an amazing option! They're actually a dollar or two less in cost than their gourmet sandwiches, but they tend to be bigger and come with just as much flavor, if not more! If you're up to it, try the Thai Chilli Chicken poboy! It's made with roast chicken, mozzarella, tomato, red onion, and a delicious Thai sweet chilli sauce - all for $8! It'll make you lick your fingers.BEST SANDWICH I HAD OUT OF THE 150 EATERIES THAT I TRIED IN 2013! The $8.50 sauted "SHRIMPLY THE BEST" is light with a perfect pairing of red onion, pesto, mozzarella and lemon aioli. It's larger & has over twice the shrimp than Killer PoBoys' similar coriander seared $12 version & is 30% cheaper!!!
THAT BREAD IS AMAZING! soft with a buttery chewy crust, not thick and doughy.  Skip the tomatoes!  These sandwiches have such deliciously unique and clear toned flavors that a lowly Roma just gets in the way.
JEEZ THEY'RE FRIENDLY HERE!  From the chef in the goofy Christmas antlers to the bubbly counter waiter, this is a happy place.
2013 FAVORITES:
- Sandwich: MILK BAR, "Shrimply the Best"
- Appetizer: M BISTRO, "Jambalaya Tempura Fritters"
- Best Restaurant:  COQUETTE
- Breakfast: JIMMY J'S, "Monte Cristo & Home Fries"
- Burger: COWBELL, "Cheeseburger with Agogo"
- New Cafe: MISTER GREGORY'S,"Traditional Croque"
- Prix Fixe Lunch: CRIOLLO, "Osso Buco"
- Price Value: MOJO LOUNGE, "Thai Wrap, $7.50"
- Salad: CARMO, "The Brazilian"HIT OR MISS
I'm a major fan of their shrimp sandwich "Shrimply the Best" but they tend to stretch ingredients by loading it with tomatoes.
My friend wasn't impressed with the lamb "Wolf Me Down". He said it was dry and gamey.
And I think that they use canned asparagus in the "Speared Pig" because it often comes out mushy.Best lunch ever!!!  I'm one of those people that can't order directly from the menu.  I have to add this and subtract that.  Every employee I came in contact with had a smile on their face and was so wonderful.  This was my first time at this hidden spot, but definitely not my last.  I was interested in trying every sandwich on the menu and the salads looked amazing.  
THE MILKSHAKES!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Oh gosh those milkshakes.... 
The cafe was clean and adorable.  I can't wait to try more flavors of their milkshakes. 
Thank you for the lunch experience Milk Bar!Quite possibly the best sandwich I've ever had. The bread is amazing and the flavors of the sandwiches are delicious!We LOVE Milk Bar! Thai chili chicken and psycho chicken are BOMB! So so good. Bread and ingredients are fresh and the combinations are awesome.Thank god for Yelp or I'd never know about this seriously hidden place that just so happens to have the best sandwich I've had in my life. I ordered the I Dream of Aubergenie with veggies, pesto, and hummus on the best ciabatta bread ever (I think they get it from La Boulangerie). I also tried the black bean soup which was great, too.
The soup and sandwich were both huge and reasonably priced.  
A+ for a menu with multiple vegetarian options that are tasty and more than just a plate of lettuce. 
I can't wait to come back!!!Every now and again, I say really stupid things in public because they're true and quotable. For example, I exclaimed, "If heaven doesn't have food like this, I'm just not going" after a bite of my Shirley Valentine at Milk Bar. My dining companions looked at me oddly at the time, but that was before they'd reached sandwich heaven. 
A four star sandwich is rounded out by an unparalleled milkshake. In fact, my wife wouldn't let me even taste her milkshake because it was just that good. This from the woman who always says, "Oh my gosh, my food is so good. You have to try this...!" and holds out bites to any takers. So the milkshakes are a very yes. 
Milk Bar isn't perfect...it's a little chaotic, actually. But lord almighty! The system isn't hard to grok. Menu on the wall or on sheets by the window. Order at the window, pay asap, take a seat, listen for your name (or nom de plume). All the movement of the kitchen means the dining room feels a little stirred, shall we say. But a table at the very back of the dining area calms things down substantially. 
Would you like an anecdote about the service? We were there during the lunch rush, when a lot of hospital people were grabbing a quick bite. Time is clearly at a premium for these folks. Just one table over, a pair of workers with hospital badges were getting more and more nervous. No food, no food, no food. They were starting to fidget and get pretty anxious. A runner stopped by the table to ask about their orders. He checked the names against the queue in the kitchen and came back with a wad of cash in his hand. That was their refund. The kitchen lost the orders for these two so without question, Milk Bar refunded the cost of the meal AND made the meal poste haste. This is the kind of place that makes things right without an intervention or altercation. Hot damn. 
By the end of the meal, all three of us were in the "Milk Bar belongs in heaven's food court" camp. Just, don't leave New Orleans. 
Accessibility notes: No braille menu or signage. High window to order. Loud at peak hours. Restroom accessibility is poor.Awesome. Win, actually his name haha, was awesome made for a good time and a great lunch. This place rocks.Milk Bar is pretty good. I had high expectations after reading some of the reviews and have to say, for the most part the food lived up to the hype. Definitely a great lunch spot, and will be back in the future.tasty and inventive sandwiches and friendly counter service. Last time I went I had the banana milkshake, and a psycho chicken. lots of lamb sandwiches, the Wolf Me Down sandwich was pretty darn good.
me and my droogs like to go here after a bit of the old ultra-violence. Ample seating or call ahead for a bit of the ol' in-out.In a city known for good po-boys, Milk Bar is a great place to get a different kind of sandwich.
Tucked away on Delachaise, I've walked or driven past this place several times without noticing it. When a friend suggested we try it for lunch, I consulted Yelp and knew I was in for a treat. 
Milk Bar specializes in sandwiches and milk shakes. The sandwiches are not your traditional po-boy fare. I ordered the "Psycho Chicken". It was a cibatta bread sandwich with onions, olives and pesto. It was great. The additional benefit to ordering this sandwich is that they write your name and type of sandwich on the bag. If you order the psycho, your bag will read "Your Name" Psycho. As an immature jerk, this amused me greatly.
Service was friendly and prompt. I will definitely be back.So, my fiance and I are in New Orleans on vacation and we decided to head to The Milk Bar as our first destination. Metered parking was easy to find outside the restaurant. As soon as we walked in, we knew we made the right choice. I'm a lover of puns and the cow/moo puns were certainly flourishing lol. The chalkboard menus on the wall made clear what the big-ticket items were: the milkshakes. But we were starving so we definitely had to try out the sandwiches.
I ordered the "Shrimply The Best" (sauted shrimp, pesto, Roma tomatoes, lemon mayonnaise, red onion, mozzarella on ciabatta loaf) and she ordered the "Psycho Chicken" (chicken, pesto, kalamata olives, red onion, mozzarella, Roma tomatoes on ciabatta loaf). I ordered the "Strawberry Fields" shake and she ordered the "Caramel Caramba" shake.
Everything was DELICIOUS! The sandwiches are huge and the shrimp in mine was so fresh. The lemon mayo and pesto combined perfectly on my sandwich while my fiance considered the chicken and olives to be the star of her sandwich. Both milkshakes were wonderful and full of flavor; we definitely left this meal stuffed. Oh! And they gave us a free sucker along with the meal lol nice touch
We both declared that if we were staying in NOLA for 10 days instead of 5, this would absolutely be a repeat destination. No complaints!Holy Moo Cow!!!  I'm still craving this place!! We got there right at 12PM and there was only a few people in line.  After grabbing a table, we picked what we wanted and my hubby ordered at the window:
Psycho Chicken, Roast Lamb Po Boy, and a Chocolate Thunder from Down Under Shake.
10 to 15 minutes later, they brought out 2 paper bags, and our shake and called our name.
EVERYTHING was SUPER DUPER YUMMY!!!  As we started eating, the place got packed.
Food comes in paper bags and to-go cups.  We definitely would come back!  I actually can't wait to come back!!!
PS - Parking can be a bit lacking on the streets, but there is a parking garage by Touro.
Restrooms are through the back corner door...connected to what looks like a pub or bar.