Yummy tapas, cool crowd and an amazing dj. I wish I could go here every weekend, transport from SF to NOLA, well I wish I could do that for various reasons. Next time you are going to Mimi's make sure that DJ Soul Sista is spinning because you will dance your ass off all night long! I heart Mimi's.the steak is the thing to get. very well prepared, they dont ask you how you want it, they just make it.
The lamb chops were a bit over cooked and they felt elastic, like we could not byte without getting nerves on the meat. The patatas bravas were burned and even when the bartender said he was going to remove them from the bill, it never happened.
We all were all happy to come since everyone recommended the place but its just a dive bar with fancy tapas food. 
My napkin was dirty with blood or something red and the bartender just brushed me off, i was like..really? 
to his defense he was the only one working and it was sort of busy with his family there. beers are good and cocktails are good.Mimi's is my spot for late night food! They have a great menu. My favorite thing is the mushroom toast. They have dining upstairs and a balcony. Just remember, it's cash only!I would have given 5 stars, but games really don't excite me, so I'm going to deduct one star due to the apparent biohazard on the bar bev straws (photo loaded but apparently awaiting approval). However, I was excited (separately from the gaming concept) at the potential to take advantage of the small wall-based silver nub at Big Daddy's because it reminded me of a binder clip.I LOVE THIS PLACE. Our bartender was super friendly, quick on our orders, and gave some great recommendations on our food, all in the face of a rapidly growing crowd around her bar. There was some sort of dance lesson happening on the dance floor, but that soon gave way to a live band playing jazz-lounge classics, and all of it was amusing.
And the food. THE FOOD! We ordered things real tapas-style, one or two dishes at a time, until we'd had our fill. We had both specials, which were fried scallops and a local whitefish. The scallops were light, spicy and wonderful. The whitefish was delicate but slightly oversauced. We had the mushroom toast, goat cheese croquettes, patatas, the chorizo plate and Pinxos de Xocolate, which had pecans, dark chocolate, sea salt and cayenne pepper. All of it was wonderful. The drinks, simple mint juleps, were made with care.
They tout their vibe as more house party than hotspot, and it's true. It felt like having dinner and drinks at the home of a (very cool, very trendy) friend.Excellent Tapas, I say, excellent.  Try either the pork tenderloin or the goat cheese wrapped in red bell pepper.   I didn't spend much time downstairs, but the bar/lounge upstairs is infinitely hang-out-able.  It's seems to offer the best of everything: the music is very agreeable, and just the right level to facilitate both dancing and conversation.  The crowd is ecclectic, and the drinks are strong. 
There's a bar, some high top tables, several couches.  Upstairs is like a glorified living room genetically spliced with a very inviting bar.  Check it out if you're in that neck of the woods.Mimi's is 5 min walk from the FQ and have 2 bars the food is amazing and the service is good+. Try the trust me and let the chef make you a tappas that is not on the menu spacile for youFabulous funky upstairs; the tapas are great, hip crowd, good music. Downstairs it's dark and hole-in-wall with tons of pool tables. Love it, not too expensive.The people downstairs seemed to be having a good time, but it was hot.  I love the 18th century brick buildings.  I am not a bar person, but my husband and I were there for Paint Nite.  2 glasses of white wine was $24, I thought that was too high for sour wine.  We quickly went upstairs and joined the Paint Nite instructor and bartender.  The windows were open and there was a nice breeze.  We ordered a Cheese plate and crab Gaspacho, they were good and a fair price. If you are a bar person, you would probably like this place.  Street parking.Really loved the atmosphere here. Dark and intimate, a quiet escape from the craziness of Bourbon Street. It's too far to walk at night if you are staying near Canal St. We ordered the Brussels Sprouts, Lamb Chop, Escargot, and the Trust Me. Delicious! It was great for our last night in NOLA especially since we were "seafood-ed" out.Hosted the second happy hour event here for my alma mater's alumni. Yes, it's a drinking event that happens in different chapters around the US, but for us in NOLA at least, we look forward to trying the food at these spots.
We were all very excited about the tapas. The event happened early evening on Wednesday (10/26) so we got there before other groups started arriving. We got ourselves situated upstairs in a corner with comfy chairs.
There were 7 of us and we ordered a bunch of different things. I think we ended up with a plate of the croquetas, two plates of the patatas bravas, a plate of setas al ajillo, one order of coca de la casa, two orders of the steak, one plate of the salad, and two orders of the mushroom manchego toast. Unfortunately for us, they were out of empanadas. Oh, and we also ordered the Trust Me, which was an eggplant dish, and I didn't try it. Lots of delicious food.
Perhaps as expected, the mushroom manchego toast was the winner. Everyone absolutely loved it. Having said that, everything else tasted great.
I am giving 4 stars for two reasons. One, it is a little pricey. And the other reason is that I think they mixed up some of our orders. Granted, we were a big group and people kept gettin up to order more food, but one person in our party said that he ordered a dessert and we never got it. When we asked the server if we got everything, he said that we were clear. If it were me, I would've said something about the dessert that didn't come, but the person who ordered it just said that they must've written somethin else down. I mean, we were all full by this point...
Would like to go back on a Saturday night for the dancing, as it was very low key this Wednesday evening.Trust me.  Anytime you are there to tapas, one person in the group, or if you are dining solo, you need to order Trust Me.  Always worth it.  Thanks for the overwhelmingly adequate small and simple wine selection, too!  I love it when they have music upstairs, too.Goat cheese balls, deep fried and drizzled with honey (or croquetas if you're being proper) make everything better. Seriously, since moving to New Orleans, I've noticed that anytime my mood swings little low I start to crave the crispy, creamy, sweet and tart deliciousness of those goat cheese balls. And miraculously, they never fail to make me feel like things are gonna be okay. 
Also, the mushroom manchego toast is amazing and has a similar impact. I love the exposed brick atmosphere, and with the windows open, it's a fabulous place to come grab a meal and drink. I just wish the hipster vibe could get taken down a notch. Surprisingly, I have yet to come here for DJ Soul Sister on Saturday night but am seriously considering Mimi's as the venue for my first ever birthday celebration in NOLA next month! Great food, drinks and dancing? Yes, please.I am visiting New Orleans with my daughter. We rolled into NOLA quite late so we wanted to eat somewhere near our Airbnb. I wasn't too sure about this place as I wasn't too sure about "tapas". What is a tapas? A taco with a p and an a? No. Tapas are little plates of indescribable deliciousness. My daughter went for the steak and the duck poutine. Both very tasty. The steak was spiced perfectly while the duck poutine melted in your mouth. (Naturally we shared!) I actually ordered two of the trust me plates and they were great!!! I had a quail with duck sauce and a shrimp something that starts with an A(damn my hearing!!) Both delicious. However there was even something more special about this place.
    We had the best bartender ever! Her name was Renee and she made some delicious cocktails for us. Once again I went with the trust me option and I am so glad that I did. She made me three delicious drinks and very sweetly wrote down what was in each drink. You guys, a sazerac is the perfect drink!!!  She then very sweetly made us each a sample classic daiquiri to take with us on our walk home. We'll see you tomorrow! Thank you Mimi's on Marigny AND Renee for a great start to a great trip!!Absolutely fantastic experience. Loved everything about the place... the drinks were great (and reasonably priced), and the upstairs had entertaining live music and a very large audience for a Monday nigh!!! Definitely going to be back... may be my new Monday night tradition.I went to a birthday party here last night  and just confirmed my love for this place. I love the second floor. The windows were open natural light and wonderful New Orleans breeze! Made me instantly happy and relax.
I love the bartender! He was awesome and extremely friendly. Answered every question I had and even suggested drinks that would be interesting for my taste as well as some new selections. Also, any bartender who's drinks makes me send random text messages out saying I feel weird, is obviously a bartender worth visiting a lot.  Or maybe its just me .
This was my first time having tapas here talk about awesome!!! The cheeses and this puff ball filled with cheese made me want to dance in my seat.
I really love the atmosphere here and the neighborhood. This has definitely made me realize I need to go back more often for the yummy food and to see what type of text message I will send out next!Casual, amazing service, comfortable upstairs ambiance (no smoking upstairs), tapas that will blow your mind!  You walk into the place and you don't expect the wow factor on the food.  We will definitely be back - tapas:  goat cheese croquettes, steak, pork tenderloin, shrimp, fois gras on steak, mushrooms in garlic, escargot in creamy garlic sauce, lots and lots of bread.I visited a friend in NOLA for the V to the 10th celebration and she took me to Mimi's afterward.
Loved the funk music.  Loved that Abita Amber.  Loved the ecclectic mix of people.
But I mostly loved the extraordinarily hot cook that worked there.  Oh I loved him over and over again.  Mmmmhmmm.Can I say wow? From the outside and inside you might think hipster divy bar. Move past those assumptions. The beer list is good (for New Orleans). They have a very reasonably priced tapas menu that is eclectic and absolutely delicious. It is far enough away from the tourists that the crowd and vibe is fun. Not a review of the night life here (Easter Sunday at 9:30). Service took a nosedive as we stayed. Food gets 5 stars.If you want food then you do best to stay away from this place. We ordered the brussel sprouts amongst other foods. We got 7 sprouts for the price of 8 dollars. If this isn't overpriced I don't know what is. Beer is also way too overpriced compared to other places just a block away. The food is not even that good. Ours arrived black as char and the garnishing couldn't save it even though they apparently tried.Get to Mimi's on Tuesday nights where at 9pm-ish chanteuse Linzzi Zaorske & Delta Royale perform upstairs.After a half set of Linzzi you will think you are in Paris' Le Caveau or NYC's Rainbow Room ca 1940. Great music and great food.This place is great. A little loud but oh man! The food is stunningly good. Yay Mimi!Great Saturday night spot to hit up, especially when DJ Soul Sista is rockin' the house. I've been getting my 80's groove on at One Eyed Jacks but for shaking my booty to some 70's funk and R&B, this is the best spot in city (aside from my living room!)...
Mimi's is actually two bars - one downstairs, kinda standard with nice long bar and pool table and one upstairs with a lounge like feel on one side and a small bar and high tables on the other side. In the middle of the upstairs bar is the dance floor and DJ Soul Sista kicked much ass on the turntables. A couple o'saturdays ago, I got there around 11 pm as she was just warming up the Technics. Since I grew up the son of a DJ during the glory days of funk, it did not take me long before I was getting my groove on at the bar. I met some friendly bachelorette partiers who bought me drinks and let me share their tapas orders - which Mimi's also does very well. After a nibble or two, it was off to the dance floor with the bachelorettes and my other friends and I was on the floor for hours. So was everyone else - the place was packed.  Definitely a good sat nite spot. C'ya there this weekend!Interesting vibes, great drinks and good food. 
There are tons of good things in the menu. If you are indecisive as I am, just let the Chef take over and make you a "trust me." Trust me, it will not disappoint.This is a great place!  The food is really awesome  and so well prepared even very late at night!  Impressive!  The only reason I can't give it five stars is because ordering the  food took waaayyy too long!  But I will definitely be back!What a joke... I call in to put a Togo order and they say they aren't taking any over the phone. So I ask them if I come in and place one would that be ok, they said yes. I figured maybe they got burned on over the phone Togo orders, no biggie I'll drive and order it there. When I arrived the bartender said the kitchen isn't doing Togo order and I said why? I just spoke to someone saying that they will if I come in. Than the bartender says I think it has to do with them not having Togo containers... REALLY!!! I said can't you just find a styrofoam cup or something to put it in, he says umm... Let me go check... And comes back and say no they won't. Wow some great management they have there, turning down business like its nothing. Very disappointing!Nice environment upstairs with live music some nights. There were several groups of friendly people sitting around enjoying the food and wine. 
As I was traveling alone, I sat at the bar for a beer and some tapas. The drinks were reasonably priced but not cheap by any means. The tapas were hit and miss. 
I had the grilled steak and goat cheese croquetes. The goat cheese was delicious, crispy fried, and warm. The steak was grilled on the outside but raw in the center. I enjoy rare steak but this was beyond that level and not a cut of meat that lent itself to undercooking. That being said, the balsamic glaze on the steak was perfect. 
The staff were friendly and responsive. 
Overall, I would visit again but order different tapas.Everytime im in nola, this is the place where i have to go. While service at the bar wasnt very good this time round the food never dissapoints.Great neighborhood bar.  I've never eaten here, only been very very very drunk.  
They have free live music on the second floor (but where is the music not free in in NOLA?!)  a pool table and a juke box on the first floor.
Plus it's cleaner than many other places in the city which makes for a welcome change.This place is without a doubt one of the best hidden gems I have ever been to. Bourbon street is great, frenchmens street is awesome. This place makes me want to move in across the street and never venture out anywhere else!!!The food is delicious. The bartender is the meanest person I have ever met in the service industry. He yelled at me after I left him a huge tip because someone had taken my table. I have never met a more rude bartender in my life. I left Mimis in tears for the gross mistreatment.I have personally eaten upwards of 30x here as I live nearby and have never had a bad meal. Favorites - goat cheese croquettes, mushroom manchego toast, patatas bravas, beef empanadas, grilled steak, roasted pork, and the cheese plate. However, a few of my friends have made the mistake of ordering the calamari. It's not fried as they had assumed and it's absolutely terrible according to them. I was told by one of the bartenders that they are going to be updating the menu soon, not sure what is staying and what is going, but I'm confident it will remain delicious!! Best part is that the kitchen is open 6pm-2am everyday, except on fri & sat until 4am!!!!!Consistently the best food I have ever had after midnight anywhere. Get the lamb lollipops and the cheese toast thing.Good bar. Good beer. Good vibe. Dark. Old. Great tapas at any hour -- super late-night food that's not horrible for your health.F. Yeah. In town for a conference, felt a little intimidated by the menu. (Vegetarian, gluten free.) The cook came out and told me to order the Trust Me (mystery food!) and went back into the kitchen. When he ducked out 10 minutes later and winked at my boyfriend, I knew something awesome was about to happen to my mouth. The dish he gave me was so spot on to my tastes that it was like he went in back, smoked a j, and magically divined my perfect dish. Bartender was a great guy, too. Hell, I'd hang out here all the time just to shoot the shit and keep eating that culinary magic that cook pulled out.  Thank you, Mimi's. bomb dinner and experience.2 stories, great unique feel, open very late, lively&local crowd, serves food. Overall a very cool neighborhood bar. 1st floor is pretty divey but 2nd floor turns into a dance floor.
When I was there a couple weeks ago, my friends trickled out starting at 3:30am. Next thing I knew I was by myself at 5:00am.amazing food that poor people can buy!  this place is real, and my new haunt.  love love love.Was there for the first time on June 28th with a friend. I am a trans female and even though I was dressed pretty and had long hair, make-up and jewelry on, the bartender insisted on calling me "sir". Even after I corrected him and told him that I preferred "Ma'am" or "Miss", he came right back and did it again, and this after I'd already tipped him for the first round of drinks! So when I didn't tip him for the second round, he made it a point to loudly exclaim: "Oh, exact change! That's just perfect!"  We left because it was clear that the bar--or at least that bartender (overweight white mail with short ponytail)--was not LGBT friendly.Being an old lady at heart, I can't rate the bar for its ambiance or "vibe" in good conscience. However, I CAN rate the appetizers, beer, and service.
Companions enjoyed all the beer they tried. We all enjoyed the mushroom-y manchego toast and goat cheese croquetas (multiple times), and the service was lovely.Had so much fun here! We started at another bar and came here at the advice of a nice local, who informed us of Swing Dance night, which was the best thing ever. Met so many fun people that made the rest of our trip to NOLA so fun. Great music!! Danced the night away. (I even met a celebrity.)Until last night I've been going to Mimi's for a few years mainly on the Friday nights when they have the DJs that spin the oldies upstairs. I've always enjoyed the music and the mix of people who also attended.
Now due to the "No Smoking" policy for upstairs (only) I find that I'll start going elsewhere.
I SUPPORT the owners/management's right to this policy. After all,I wore our countries uniform for 26 years to give them that right.
That being said,l have lately on those particular nights,found attendance has dropped upstairs while it's packed downstairs where you can smoke. Also the toilet upstairs is still "Under Renovation" and has been for a few months. The sound system is now on the blink too.
I voiced my opinion to the staff and heard the standard lame excuse on smoking.
I found that excuse rather humorous as they have a cigarette machine at the foot of the stairs. They also have a bowl on top of it where you can help yourself to FREE condoms for any sex you might get lucky at.  AND DON'T FORGET they sell booze so that when you get in your car after you're smashed from drinking you can run the  risk killing yourself or someone while driving drunk.
I'll return to spend my money there if / when the music is downstairs where smoking is allowed or the owner / management change  their upstairs policy.Go on a Saturday night and prepare to sweat buckets upstairs with DJ Soul Sister. She may be the greatest funk/soul/disco DJ of all time. She will drop groove bombs all night long, mixing in classic cuts and crazy rarities only a devout funk apostle would recognize. Mimi's is THE dance party on a Saturday night.Cheap Drinks + DJ Soul Sister + Good Looking and Eclectic Crowd makes this place an instant go to on any Friday/Saturday night... the downside is that the parking nearby can be very difficult and its a little bit off the beaten path... however only two bars really rival the place for its title as best hipster dance bar in the city... The Saint and the Saturn Bar and neither of them has the tapas that Mimi's does.. meaning Mimi's gets the win!Mimi's has been my "cheers" for as long as I've been old enough to drink. I love all my bartenders there and they always treat me right. The tapas menu is unpretentious and delicious at a reasonable price point for small plates. The drinks are not cheap but you won't find any high dollar cocktail menus here. There's a decent selection of beer with plenty of stuff on tap (downstairs). 
   One of the best parts of mimis is its two distinctive bar vibes. Downstairs tends to feel more like a normal bar with a pool table and a Galaga/Pac-Man machine. Upstairs is more quiet and intimate and has small bands playing acoustically on some nights. Upstairs is a good date spot while downstairs is a great place to shoot the shit.  They won't put up with any BS in either tho so make sure you check your jerk hat at the door.5 Stars for DJ Soul Sista.
She spins the funk that gets your soul dancing.
She attracts a diverse and hella fun crowd and the tunes from her fingers get everyone sweatin and groovin on the dance floor.
Also and by the way, Soul Sista's nights at Mimi's are a hidden NOLA jewel. The city is very thankful to her for bringin the funk to the Marigny.great wine and food. This place is open late which makes it my jam. The only think I don't really enjoy is the crowd. Its a little bit too dirty hipster for my liking but hey, a few good glasses of wine and you don't even notice.Food was amazing! Loved the charred romaine as weird as that sounds. Ate family style with a group of friends, loved every bite.Head upstairs for non-smoking comfort and great music. Try the mushroom manchego toast. Delicious.- Wins:
- Mushroom Manchago Toast! Yum!! We came here to eat after a bad meal at Herbsaint
- They serve great tapas that are well priced
- The chef - He was very friendly, knowledgable, loved his craft and recommended Bacchanal Wine which was wonderful
- Door guy was great
Opportunities:
- The bar tender upstairs was not very friendly
- Downstairs is smoky and they lock the windows at 9pm
Overall, this is a great neighborhood bar/tapas restaurant that you should check out.Mimi's is awesome for swing dancing - especially when the floor starts bouncing!
Meschiya Lake is a must see here - a trip to NOLA is not complete without her!If this little secret werent already out, I'd keep it to myself. 
I love tapas. Once I saw the menu here I had my heart set on it. After a few months I made my way to the Bywayter and I'm so glad I did! THIS is the tapas I've been looking for. Similar to what I know and love in Boston.  
Downstairs is smoky, which is just gross... so sadly, I won't be enjoying the pool table or liveliness.  Upstairs is smoke free (+1 for offering that!).  It was surprisingly quiet and mellow on a Friday night.  But I'm told people don't show up here till the wee hours.  The bartender was funny and lively. Gladly whipping me up a unique cocktail since they dont offer sangria. BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I ordered several tapas and let me tell you that they were all delicous. I would never expect that kind of food out of a bar (let alone this kind of bar).  My favorite was the shrimp with manchego. I could eat that all night.  
The decor is eclectic.  Its a hippy and hipster kind of scene.  There are paintings on the wall of nude women that are holding dead animals.  There are toy dolls covered in marker hanging from the ceiling.... if you can get past the looks, it really is a cool place.  
There wasnt any music playing while I was there.  But I'd love to come back when there is! I hear theres dancing on Saturday.I'm a native who was in town for the weekend. We went here with a group of 7-8 people Sunday before Memorial Day and I've truly never been treated with so much disdain at a restaurant/bar. I promise we were very polite (2 people in our group are servers in New Orleans), but they just plain hated us. We wanted to order food (it was a birthday celebration), but when the bartender saw that we wanted to order a lot he demanded that everyone order immediately, and all at once because "we don't want to come in and out of the kitchen all night." He tossed a pad of post-its and told us we had to write everything down. Rude, and nonsensical, but fine. We did what he asked and wrote everything down. We ordered several hundred dollars of food and wine over the course of an hour or two, and you would think we farted every time someone came over to the table. Once when someone brought out one of our orders we asked if she could take a couple empty plates away. She sighed loudly and said, "UM, you can bring the empty plates to the bar, but I don't do that. I work in the kitchen, I am NOT a server" before storming off. That's an ok rule, but who was going to tell us? Did we need to be shit on at every interaction, every time we ordered another drink? It became a running joke for the rest of the night, trying to figure out what we could have done to piss them off so much. We were all dressed reasonably well, were polite, not too noisy, etc, etc. Of course gratuity was added, which we paid to the penny. I tried to bring the check to the bartender (it was hundreds of dollars in cash that we didn't want to leave on the table), but the guy wouldn't even acknowledge me. I finally put the wad down on the bar and walked out. One of us heard that the kitchen is totally separate from the bar, and the bartenders hate it when people order food. That wouldn't explain why the kitchen employee (who is NOT a server, mind you) hated us, too. I'll never know, because none of us will ever set foot in there again. Too bad. The food was actually wonderful. Really.Awesome Saturday night hang out with real soul music!Wow~!
The tapas on the second floor are amazing!
One meal I will never forget - seriousHooray for Mimi's!!  It was so awesome to discover this amazing bar that has the right amount of diveyness to it, and serves delicious tapas!  The bartenders seem to be very cool and mellow too.  I had the mushroom toasts, and they were yummy! This place is just a very cool, neighborhood bar that I was so stoked to come across in the Marigny. 
(Not sure if anyone else has ever experienced this there, but I think I might of had a ghostly encounter....It was kind of weird, but cool, I've tried to find if Mimi's has any record of this, but haven't found anything..Maybe I'm just hoping...)Ahhhh... so many a drunken night at Mimi's. Aaaah the memories! Let's see if I can get this right.... Mimi used to work at DBA here in NYC's East Village.They opened a DBA in New Orleans and she went down there to bartend. Then, somewhere along the way, some of the backers of DBA found a cool spot in the Marigny to open a bar and Mimi was going to manage it. It wasn't her idea to name the place Mimi's but everyone loved the name so much that it became.... Mimi's!
Well, Mimi is a beautifully, wonderfully friendly person and she's at the bar everyday. The restaurant upstairs is not a run by her but by a guy named Joaquin. He's a great guy too and the menu he created is awesome. Get the mushroom toast. HOLY MOLY delicious! The meat and cheese plate is good to nibble on as you're sipping some beer from the bar. But yeah, every dish I've had out of that kitchen rocks and with Mimi's bar it's a whole lotta fun.Mimi's was a revelation. Joan at the bar was wonderful and could not have been more helpful in catering our experience and our server (Alex I think?) was fantastic. This is a must go, bring cash and get the Trust Me.You can play your own music from the electronic Jukebox and there is a pool table. The best part about this bar is their tapas menu. You can not come here and not have the goat cheese and manchego toast or the goat cheese empanadas. It's a great place for groups and the staff is super friendly.Great tapas (best salad I've ever had in my life- a romano wedge grilled! amazing). Great live music.I love you mushroom manchego toast! But happily I can make a similar version at home for a fraction of the price.
I love you live music, but not the tiny dance floor that is almost too small to swing on :)
I love you friendly bar feel, but not the huge cockroaches in the bathroom and dead under the downstairs tables.
In general, Mimi's in the Marigny=love/hate.Mimi's is my place! Now that I live so close, I have easy access and I'm loving it (obviously... just see all my check-ins). I hadn't eaten here in a long while and I guess last night I was feeling ambitious because I ordered 4 small plates, ostensibly to share with my friend, but I'm pretty sure I dominated most of those plates. 
Pro tip: eat upstairs to avoid the smoky first level. Plus, you get to hear fantastic live acts in a little jazz club kind of setting. It's out of an other era, say the 1930s, when jazz clubs were de rigueur.
Note: the menu contains "tapas" but know that the portions are actually midway between a small plate and a regular entree. First, the marinated olives.  A nice selection of my favorite olives in a tasty, herbed olive oil, served with this incredible olive bread. Next: Spanish cheeses (I don't know what they are, but they are fiiiiine), drizzled with honey and sprinkled with pistachios. For around 8 dollars, it's the size of a cheese plate that you typically spend about 12 on elsewhere (look at my oh-so-helpful photo)! More bread... oh yes. Have I mentioned I eat bread at most once or twice a week? I'm just not that into it and feel it's empty filler. The olive bread here is worth indulging, my friends! And then: patatas bravas. The. Best. I've. Ever. Had. The potatoes are browned and crisp without being burnt and come in a spicy red sauce and aioli. Are you exclaiming Jesus Christ Almighty! yet? No? Well, then how about some alcachofa confit pinxo (a rich artichoke puree on bread with greens). Now you're screaming it. Don't lie.
And wine. Malbec. Three glorious glasses. 
We came for the Gal Holiday and the Honky Tonk Revue show and I don't know if I've had such a perfect evening of good food, wine and music combined in a gorgeous setting in a long, long time. I didn't want to leave (hey, there are those couches for sleeping, no?) I felt like I was taking the longest, hottest, most fragrant bath ever.
Mimi's, I love you!A rare 5 stars for the amazing food! Surprise!! And hoppin music. Every tapa we ordered was delicious. Drinks were fun, southern louisiana style, and good. Pool, booths, cool bar downstairs, and redic happy looking upstairs dance club.  I loved the hipster atmosphere. This is no classy club - it's like dancing in your living room with a bunch of your friends. Nice lighting, good dub step, although a little white - I guess to be expected of the hipster dive. Also out of the tourist area so walk/cab it/drive.This review is not for the food, only for the bar and dance party scene on Saturday nights...
Came here one Saturday night with the bf to get a couple drinks and dance the night away to the beloved DJ Soul Sister. We got there a little late to start off the night (1am) but were pleased to find that the place was still lively and super packed.
Started off downstairs with a few drinks, which were all nicely made by a friendly bartender and then made our way upstairs.
The air conditioning was broken. It's New Orleans in July. You do the math.
It wasn't just hot, it was absolutely unbearable. Usually DJ Soul Sister attracts a massive crowd, packing people like sardines in the entire upstairs area. Today however, there were maybe 40 people tops. I wonder if the air conditioning and the small crowd correlates...
Disappointed, we went downstairs only to find Mimi's invaded by "bros" acting like monkeys and being totally annoying. I already had 4 years of Uptown Tulane douchiness at bars when I went to school there. I came to Mimi's to escape that. The Marigny is not in the douchy bro's vocabulary!
... Or so I thought. 
Oh. I almost forgot. Soon thereafter, I received an anti-gay, completely not funny joke by another random douche. 
It didn't take long for us to leave with a sour taste in both of our mouths after that...Hands down my favorite late night spot! The food is not bar food so this lures me in every time. The goat cheese croquettes drizzled in honey are to die for!The best late night eats in New Orleans.  Reasonably-priced tapas that are amazingly tasty.  You have to get the goat cheese croquettes, mushroom manchengo cheese toast, lamb chops, and the steak.  The "Trust Me" has been incredible 3 out of 4 times, with 1 time only being very good.  Dinner until 2am on weeknights and 4am on weekends.This was the best food we had on our two week trip, and without breaking the bank.  The potatoes, brussel sprouts and lamb tapas were very very good.  The ambience was dark and intimate, the perfect place for an unpretentious, laid back meal or snack.Initially had a good experience here for my first time here and most of the staff were cordial. I'm in town for work for 6 months and have been enjoying exploring different neighborhoods. I had had two beers the entire night so I was sober despite it being St Patrick's day. As I went to leave to go take a work conference call, I walked out a door that evidently I wasn't supposed to walk out of, I didn't even realize it wasn't the door I walked in. A staff member dressed it what seemed like pajama pants who was outside immediately started cursing me out asking me what the f%$@ I was thinking and was I f%$&ing born yesterday. Completely taken off guard I didn't even know how to respond. He continued to curse me out and yell at me for inadvertently exiting through the door that was the door I thought I had walked in. I bartended and managed bars for years and was completely floored by how extremely rude he was. I would have loved to come back but don't think I can spend any money at this establishment after that experience.Mimi's is a bit too loud to talk in, so that's a little unfortunate. The prices are good... I just had a beer. A band was playing upstairs, and it was good. The crowd is friendly. The floor is a little sticky, so if you're not in the mood for that or the noise I recommend you go to a different bar. I had a good time here though, so I'm giving Mimi's four stars.On a whim, I went to Mimi's. I read the reviews and honestly had no idea what to expect. First off, the Bywater is becoming my favorite place in New Orleans. Super cool neighborhood with tons of on street parking and really cool places to eat and drink.
I walked into Mimi's after I park less than 200' from the door and fell in live that instant. Pool tables and and a great bar downstairs, then I walked upstairs!!!
One of the hippest coolest rooms ever, exposed brink and warm lighting, hardwood floors and old French windows and doors.
Don't forget it's cash only!
If you do, they have an ATM.
The small plates are incredible! I have the olives and the cheese plate, then the "trust me" which is basically the chefs special, tonight it was pasta with roasted duck and a great light sauce.
To finish I had the fig, date and blue cheese plate, they put it in the dessert section for a reason! It's delish!
The food was outstanding, the staff was friendly and helpful and the vibe was cool and very laid back.
I will be back often!Never been impressed. If coming to New Orleans and spending time with hipsters, seeing hipsters on the street, or drinking with people who are convinced everyone around them is from New Orleans is your kind of idea of a good time, then this is the place to go. Other than that, there isn't much special about this place.Dingy place with a interesting vibe (borderlines chill and fight club). Quirky place. You should check out the photos they have between the stairs. They have a bigger upstairs, but downstairs is much more fun with a pool table (costs only 50 cents to play a round) and pac-man game. 
The reason I came here, though, was for the food, so here it is:
Manchego & Mushroom Toast - !@#$ing get it! You won't regret. It's so much more than toast. The flavors are rich and texture is creamy and slightly sticky. Wish we had more toast, however.
Escargots - Meh. Not my favorite. I didn't think there was enough flavor to cut into the snail taste (you know what I mean...if you don't, it's kinda like meaty dirty). I've had better.
Lamb chops - I love lamb chops and I thought this would be my favorite plate from Mimi's, yet it was missing something for me. If you like simply charred lamb on a acidic backdrop, this may be for you. 
There wasn't a crowd when we got here, so I thought we would be treated with a little more attention, but the bartender was too cool for us--I guess. It shouldn't be that difficult to get someone's attention when there's only 3 other people at the bar...
Overall, I love the toast and pool table, but could pass on the other stuff. 
Would recommend to other people, but only if they get the toast and like a hipster atmosphere.There are very few places that you can find a comfortable bar feel with amazing made to order prepared with passion and love food. 
Many people only know Mimi's from the battles over live music and their first floor chill neighborhood vibe. But those who really know Mimi's know their chef and the amazing food that comes out of the kitchen. 
Order the "Trust Me" and if you need give your dietiary resitrictions - I always have to ask for gluten free - and you won't be disappointed. Besides isn't there something nice about just trusting the chef to prepare you something they know you will enjoy? 
This really can be the bar that everyone knows your name and also the gourmet food stop for a date night.I adore Mimi's. The food is consistently amazing. I've been a hundred times (at least), and it would get 5 stars if the bartenders didn't have a tendency to get a bit testy from time to time (but hey, I would too I suppose)...
Get the goat cheese croquettes. Now. I mean it - go get them. Maybe two orders. ;)We love rhe tapas! Original, delicious and very reasonably priced. The bar was fun and the neighborhood very authentic. We ate great, had a good time and didnt feel like tourists.Love, love, love this place. 
Food is excellent. People are amazing. Drinks are killer. Music is the best.
Makes me want to move to the Marigny.Wow this was one of the best bars I've been to during my NOLA trip. It does have an award for Best Neighborhood Bar. Located in Marigny far from the tourist spot French Quarter. This bar is open until 4am and serves bomb food late night! Very decent pricing! We ordered lamb chops, grilled pork tenderloin, and "Trust Me" which is a surprise menu. Everything was delicious! I would've probably paid $80+ in Los Angeles for all these food but not here in Mimi's! The chef came out and hand-delivered our surprise menu..who does that esp at 1am?! The drinks were awesome as well. I also love the ambience in this place and how chill the crowd was. Will def come back here on my next visit!My fellow yelpers made me have such high expectations for this neighborhood spot. I was looking forward to good food and drinks and maybe some good live music. 
Unfortunately, sometimes the people that work at a place can kill your experience from the moment it begins. We arrived a bit early this is true but our bartender didn't bother to give us any information and it wasn't til later that we were told by our B&B hosts that the kitchen didn't open til 6 and the bands didn't start playing til 9. 
Our bartender even refused to tell me about the specials or give me some idea as to what I should order for drinks. My BF ordered the bloody mary because others on Yelp had raved about it and he basically said "IT WAS NOTHING TO WROTE HOME ABOUT"...AKA he had better in New Orleans. 
I tried to ask the bartender for a suggestion and her response was "Uh, you could order whatever" and shrugged. I resolved to order a cosmo since that is one of my back-up drinks. It was just OK. She also let us sit there for 5-10 minutes with empty glasses even though the bar was COMPLETELY EMPTY except for a handful of people that were drinking merrily in the corner. I couldn't stand the bartenders lack of attention. Never mentioned the food, music or anything, it was like she thought we didn't belong and wanted us to KNOW it and get the hell out.Came here for a conference happy hour and decided to be brave and order both the Trust Me cocktail and the Trust Me appetizer. You tell them what you won't eat/drink and they fashion something totally random and unbelievable for you. I ended up with a basil gin lemonade that made me dream of being in a sunny field full of wildflowers and shrimp and green bean tempura. Wondeful staff, amazing food, classy drinks. You won't regret a visit to Mimi's. Trust me.Came to this bar for Halloween night. What a treat! As a tourist it was fantastic to party with the locals! After 3 days in the French Quarter - I had started to think that nobody lived in NOLA. Was I wrong! The music was great! All in all - an awesome night.How come some of the best food I've had in New Orleans comes from a hipster bar? Seriously, they should open up their own separate restaurant.To be perfectly honest I'm just not a huge fan of Mimi's. 
The good: 
The small plates are all perfectly satisfactory. I always suggest the mushroom toast as it is consistently delicious albeit a bit rich. The bar makes a good moscow mule. 
The bad: 
For a bar that is consistently overcrowded, the space is just not conducive to a comfortable traffic flow. There are few places to sit and the larger spaces of the bar are taken up by pool tables and cumbersome couches. If you somehow lose your friends in the crowd you might as well cut your losses and go across the street to Big Daddy's for a (much cheaper) drink while you wait, because it is dark and there are a million people for you to "excuse me, pardon me" your way through. I've had my drink spilled and my arm burned with a cigarette by the crushing throng of drunk folks. I hate paying $7+tip for a well gin & tonic when there are so many cheaper places a stone's throw away. 
I'm a fan of DJ Soul Sister and totally respect her work but Saturday Night Dance Party has just morphed into something I'm not a fan of. 
I may be a rarity, though! Almost everyone I know seems to love Mimi's, so it is definitely worth checking out to form your own opinion.One of the things I love about New Orleans is the friendly people. Mimi's is the unfortunate exception. The bartender (dude, that bearded look is so played-out) did not crack a smile and I felt judgmental stares from others there. This just seemed like one of those wanna-be hipster places in the upcoming neighborhood whose patrons think they're cool because they "discovered" New Orleans like 5 years ago.Hands down fave fave favorite. Love the neighborhood, love this joint. Food was fantastic. Drinks spectacular. Music? Spotty, but always entertaining. Clientele can be a bit precious, but that's nobody's fault. Can't wait to find myself on a barstool upstairs again!Loved this place! Cool part of town, interesting atmosphere and comfortable seating. The bartender was super friendly and was very welcoming. The tapas were to die for! We tried four different ones and they ALL were fabulous!! We ended up staying for Trivia Night and had a great time. Will definitely go back!!Oh, how many late late nights have been spent here!  After spending evenings out, I and my friends seem to gravitate here often and for good reason.  This unpretentious Marigny neighborhood bar serves up well priced drinks by friendly bartenders (who are cool and polite even when things get crowded) until the wee hours of the morning.  The tapas menu is excellent and they keep the kitchen open until 2:00 am during the week and 4:00 on weekends!  Ranging from $5 to $9 per generous plate they have something for all tastes.  I've tried most of the menu.  It's all fantastic although I personally love their mushroom goat cheese empanadas, grilled steak, lamb chops, escargot, and my favorite is their "Trust Me".  It's always a special surprise!  The downstairs plays eclectic music and has lots of space to sit, tall tables, and a pool table.  Upstairs is a second bar that is great for groups to mingle and on certain nights features Deejays and great dancing.  Mimi's even has three bathrooms! it is impossible not to have a great time here.A cute and sexy escape from the norm. The small plates are a succulent delight. Grab the escargot and the pork chops they are wonderful and a house special. I love the ambiance the perfect mix of hipster and chill anyone visiting or living in New Orleans wants.I had a fabulous birthday dinner/party here last year with a small group of people. Before 8pm it was very kid friendly. We had two preschoolers with us and they were happy to eat cheese and olives and play on the sofas while the adults drank lots of Spanish wine and ate lots of yummy tapas. Only in New Orleans do you take your kid to a bar. We were ready to leave at 9 when most people showed up so it was fine. But really, I appreciated that the waitress/bartender was cool with the kids, she even made them Shirley Temples! The manchego and mushroom toast thingys are scrumptious as are the goat cheese croquettes. I've also been at night, sans child, and it was very groovy.got the 'Suprise Me' SIX times and every. single. one. was amazing. add to that a ln awesome vibe and great drinks. no ragerts.Great Tapas and nice selection of beer. Went on a Wednesday night and they had a great band playing some old swing tunes and jazz. Great atmosphere will come backTake the time to visit this place.  Yes even if it is raining.  Yes even if it is midnight (they serve until 2:00 a.m. at least on Sunday night when we were there).  This place is worth the trip.  We walked there from Ursuline and Decatur.  Took us 15 minutes and you get to pass all the cool jazz/music venues that you'll be drinking in till 5:00 a.m. anyway.  Do not be afraid to order the Trust Me.  All you have to lose is $6 or $7 bucks...but what you have to gain is the potential for the best thing you've ever eaten.  Our Trust Me was saffron topped scallops in butter and they were melty and savory and incredible.  We also tried the mushrooms on monchego toast.  Tasted just like the sauce my grandma used to make.  YUM!I took the advice of other Yelper's.  I wanted to get out of the Quarter and try something new so my husband found this place, said let's go.  Off the taps menu we tried 4 items on the hot and 2 on the cold. One of the items I insisted we get, under the influence of other Yelper's suggestions, was the "trust me".  Holy F@ckballz, it was the best thing we ordered.  It was mussels sautéed in a lemon grass, ginger, fume blanc sauce. Not only were the mussels fresh, clean and tasty, the sauce kicked ass!!  I mean it kicked ass!  I could have drank an entire bowl of the stuff as just a broth.
Definitely get the Manchengo toast aslo.  I am a wine drinker so I had the bartender choose a bottle of red Carmenere organic Chilean wine.  It was perfect with the good food we had.  I want another bottle just thinking about it.
The downstairs is a bar with pool table. This is a neighborhood place so it can get noisy.  Head to the back of the bar and up the stairs to get to the food.  It is sill a bit loud upstairs but we did not care. 
I recommend that you try everything on the limited menuSaturday night with friends eating amazing tapas and then grooving to DJ Soul Sister, it really doesn't get much better.  I love the Marigny because it is a more local and cooler vive scene and I honestly can say I am a Mimi's fan.This is by far one of the best meals we have ever had - at first was a bit concerned tapas wouldn't fill us up enough and I'm a picky eater so I wouldn't have ordered many of these dishes alone but this was the best meal I've had in years.
The five of us cannot pick out favorites, but this is what we got:
- duck
- goat cheese croquettas
- gazpacho
- lamb chops
- braised pork 
- local greens with blue cheese
I do not eat duck nor lamb, nor gazpacho, but experienced serious foodgasms with these dishes!!
I am here for the next 8 days and I will make it a point to come here again at least once.
The five of us are New York foodies and we are all speechless to what we just experienced. 
Will come again!!Mimi's in the Marigny ****
A GEM! 
I don't get why this place exists, because it is too good to be true. Good drinks with wonderful and authentic Spanish tapas; and all very reasonable. No tapas were more than $7.00! My Long Island...was only $6.00. Woa...I felt like I was robbing them.
The vibe is very comfortable and bohemian. Dimly lit, and not sterile at all.
Order the "Trust Me" item on the menu, and you will have the fortune of experiencing the free creativity of the chef. They simply make you what they want...and it is always well worth it. One of the dishes I got was this elegant tower of succulent prawns, layered with pickled avocado, a lump of fried goat cheese, fresh caviar, and lamb demi-glace. 
Every dish made me happy, it was such a dream come true (and a wonderfully flavorful escape from all that fried crap one finds in the rest of the city). 
Only complaints: more staff would be good. Service was a little slow. Wine was generally gross...go for the mixed drinks or beer instead.
If I lived in the Marigny, I would soooooo be a regular here.
To the chef: what you are doing is wonderful---Don't Stop!
Mimi's was one of the most pleasant dining experiences I had while visiting the Big Easy.
---AnthonyAll roads lead to Mimi's....
well at least for me they do. This has been my neighborhood bar for six years and even though I've moved several blocks away I still visit as often as possible. 
I like to drink with Jo during the early evenings when possible. She's aces behind the bar and always willing to create something delicious for me, plus she's a foxy lady. I also adore Sean and it's a real treat to catch the two of them working together. 
The downstairs bar is aesthetically beautiful, the food is great (get the 'trust me' with avocado if they have it) & the ladies room has two toilets and one lock so you and your bff can urinate together (if that's your thing). 
Saturday nights upstairs is a dance party and while it can be fun, it has the potential to get VERY crowded. So beware if you're afraid of getting other peoples' sweat on you.Came in here before going hard for Halloween (day before technically) and loved the atmosphere: dim lighting, local experienced bar tender, and funky music. 
For food, I grabbed their signature mushroom manchego toast. The flavor in the dish was fantastic. That being said I wish the toast had more of a crunch and there was too much sauce in my plate. It was like a small pond. 
My girlfriend got the goat cheese croquettas and she really loved them. They were described as "pure goat cheese in a ball."
This place did not strike out and if you're in the area is a solid choice for spending a Friday night.I have visited the big easy a few times and this place never fails me for a good time. Too many good things about this place. Tapas till 4 am, Most drinks are under $7, it's very spacious, awesome ambiance, and a great place to boogie down. Up-stairs there is a huge dance floor, and there is the DJ is normally spinning something groovy. One time I went and it was a funky gospel-disco night, and another time 60's garage. 
If you are a local, you probably love this place. If you are in town and Bourbon Street is gettin' a little too frat-boy for your taste, come here, you will love it.Everything was delicious and Joani B. was so friendly and knowledgable! I will always come back!So the small plates are to die for.  Do not hesitate to order special plates they do not disappoint. The only reason I did not give them a five is the plates are small and alittle pricey.  But the food is consistently excellentThe tapas are great and cheap. One of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans. Recommend taking a cab if staying in French Quarter.I'm not a professional meat eater, but the meatballs are amazing! If you ask Lester for this dish he will say they don't have it on the manu. You have to insist,tell him you will leave. After scaring him he will make the best meatballs ever.Mimi's downstairs is a typical smoky neighborhood dive bar with a pool table or 2 and plenty of noise. But upstairs is a different story. The upstairs is for dancing and listening. On Saturday night DJ Soul Sister is very popular if that's your thing. I prefer weekdays for excellent live music. The current schedule is Monday: Meschiya Lake & the Little Big Horns for excellent traditional jazz. Tuesday: Drunken Catfish Ramblers, a great funky old time string band. Wednesday is the incredible Aurora & the Royal Roses for the very best in trad jazz. Sunday is Salsa night and the rest of the week varies. They have a very interesting menu of tapas that looks delicious, but unfortunately I have not tried the food yet. Mimi's is within walking distance from the French quarter, but if you drive be sure to park 20 feet from the corner or you're likely to find your car towed away like we did. That's a wonderful greeting from the city of New Orleans who really knows how to make friends with tourists. But we can't hold that against Mimi's. For certain at least on Monday through Wednesday Mimi's deserves 5 stars.What a wonderful experience. This is a unique restaurant and bar in a darling neighborhood. Upon arrival Connor was terrific getting us a table and explaining the menu. The fresh basil vodka cocktail was delicious. We ordered a variety of small plates including lamb chops, duck breast on grits and empanadas. All cooked perfectly. The fresh made ice cream was a great finish. This is a cash only establishment. The pool table and bar area are fun and lively.I'm torn on this one... on one hand, it was a fun bar. No real complaints. The drinks and the music were great. On the other hand, once you are inside you could be in any great bar in any city in the world (ok, at least in the U.S.). There was nothing that really screamed "NOLA" - which is fine, if you're a local and don't care about experiencing something that you couldn't back home. As a tourist, I was happier on Frenchman street because the atmosphere and music in those bars are unlike what I can find back home.Hmmmm.... Since i'm exploring my new neighborhood, I couldn't wait to try local bar and tapas at Mimi's. I was looking forward to lighter fare than is typically available in the area (although there are exceptions). To be honest, I wasn't really impressed. I like the ambiance of Mimi's, but the food was meh. Everything was so butter and oil-laden. Empanadas were dry, but oily on the outside and tasted like they came from a box. Mushrooms and manchego were tasty but again, incredibly oily; still, our best item. Calamari was cooked beyond belief and was like eating tires. It went virtually untouched. We got something with an andouille cream sauce (can't exactly remember), and it just lacked depth of flavor.
I'd love to show these people raving what good food actually tastes like, because this is not it. The reason I gave it 3 stars rather than 2 is because as a bar it might be great (I wasn't drinking that night), but food is mediocre at best.My only real complaint is that the tables upstairs were too small for all the delicious food we ordered.
The Mushroom Manchego Toast was the best, and I do not like mushrooms. That sauce... yum. SO good. The Patatas Bravas we got had slightly undercooked potatoes but it was still very good because of the sauce. Everyone in my party loved the Goat Cheese Croquetas, again, that sauce was excellent. The Lollipop Lamp Chop was grilled perfectly and juicy... writing this makes me want to go back and try everything we didn't get a chance to order.
Really nice atmosphere here. Order the Trust Me and see what you get!We came to NOLA to see a show and planned a mini-vacation around it, and intend to eat our way around town while here. We started with Mimi's since they are open late,  we didn't want IHOP fare,  and we didn't get out of the venue till eleven. 
We made the luckiest possible pick for a first dining experience in this city. Mimi's had a dive bar feel, but terrific cocktails and dining. I loved the contrast of the two. 
My partner and I agreed that the steak we had at Mimi's was in the top three we've ever eaten. It was seasoned perfectly and tender. The plate was dressed with a house sauce that I wish I had the recipe for. 
We also ordered a cheese plate and the goat cheese/mushroom empanadas. The latter were terrific, and served with a spicy, tomato-based dipping sauce.
Four stars because it kinda smells like someone has peed in the stairwell, the table service left a bit to be desired (shouldn't servers be able to answer basic questions about the menu?), and the cheese plate came last when it should have been our starter.
I'd recommend Mimi's without hesitation, though.Had a fabulous dinner tonight. Two vegetarian Trust Me options, one omnivorous Trust Me, and one grilled steak. Vegetarian options - some delicious sweet potato croquettes with various lovely accroutements, braised mushrooms with tomato and Manchego cheese and French bread. Other Trust Me - wonderfully tender, flaky salmon in a lovely lemony creamy sauce with broccoli and almonds. Steak was perfect.We ordered the lamb chops,  escargo, and "trust me" tapas.  First two were ok. Didn't complain but def not worth the price. But the "trust me" was only cucumber and tomato. ($9) so we asked our server if there was suppose to be meat. She picked up our tomato with her fingers and said there is your tuna, then threw it away without asking. Like where?  There was NO tuna. We would have noticed. So rude!I've come here a couple of times with co-workers for cocktails after work. The only two down sides are cash only and the draft beer selection is quite low. They do have bottles that you can choose from but when I get a beer at a bar or restaurant I prefer it coming from the draft (because honestly, I can buy bottled beer at home).
The drinks and atmosphere are great and this should be a spot on your list to visit - but bring Cash!Seemed nice enough. The low stars are purely because there was no dj. We want to dance and this wasn't the place for that.This place is pretty rad.  It reminds of just about every bar I hang out at in Chicago... minus the douchebags.  Cheap drinks.  Friendly bartenders.  Plenty of seating.  And some dude named Pasta was playing some pretty danceable old school 45's.  It can get kinda smokey, but whatever, I was thinking of taking it back up anyway.Go upstairs and eat!! OMG! Some of the best late night eats you can get. They serve delicious small plates until 2am with a cool, sexy vibe and full service bar. A group of 3 of us ordered drinks and food and left completely satisfied without spending too much money. We ordered the goat cheese croquettes(amazing!!), lambchops(Ya'll, omg!!) and a couple "trust me"-s. One of the trust me's was a knocchi(sp?) and it was out of this world. We also shared another dish that were like fried potatoes with this delicious sauce drizzled on top. This is my new late night spot for food. Gonna check out downstairs too next time..heard of this place for years. Can't believe it took me this long to come.This bar has an upstairs and a downstairs and it seems to have different things going on in each respective level.  The downstairs is more of a bar area while upstairs is where they usually have live music and serve tapas.  The tapas I've eaten here has been among my least favorite tapas in New Orleans (except for possibly that frightful stuff that Salu puts out).  I've been yelled at a couple of times in here by random people for "not being from the Marigny" and because I "dress like somebody from Uptown" which I guess means I engage in personal hygiene while refusing to wear douche bag skinny jeans and dressing like some smelly hipster (I would imagine these were fresh transplants as most local NOLA people are having too much fun to do stupid things like that).  I've also spotted several random celebrities eating in here late night as it is one of the few late night spots to grab some food in the area.  This is an alright late night spot if you're in the area as there is usually a decent crowd of interesting people in here.Hole in the wall bar with great food but horrible service. If it wasn't for the lamb chops available at 4am it would be comparable to any other grunge spot on bourbon(Not African Friendly) black folks keep your black dollars!!!LOVE this bar!  Two levels with two different vibes.  the first floor is a bit divey with a pool table, dartboard and lingering cigarette smoke, the upstairs is quieter, occasionally bands play up there, they serve food and just everything about this bar is awesome.  PBR on tap, and very clean compared to pretty much every other bar in new orleans.
beautiful.Downstairs there's a bar.  Upstairs is nice and swanky with tapas.  Delicious.  Very New Orleans chic.
Try it out.  I promise you won't regret this place.Best kitchen in New Orleans. Open late.  Great ambiance, great people.  My favorites are the steak, lamb chops and goat cheese croquettes.   My only qualm is that the kitchen doesn't open until 5.  However, it stays open until 4am.  I'm not mad.Mimi's has a lot of personality.  The downstairs is a too smoky (for me) dive bar with billiards. The upstairs is a non-smoking dive bar that hosts live music, dance lessons, and other activities. The food was much better than expected and the (upstairs) atmosphere was fun. 
There is a heavy hipster vibe and if you have multiple tattoos,  a fedora, and/or a vest you'll fit in better than this middle aged reviewer. Mimi's is fun and worth a visit.I'll never go to your bar again. 
Gave the bartender 40 bucks for a Ketel One Rocks. Didn't realize until I'd handed the money back to my husband that the bartender had only given me 16 bucks back. Surely your drinks don't cost 24 dollars.
Too late to turn around and say something on a busy Saturday night.
So, either your bartender put someone else's drink on me or pocketed the extra cash. I couldn't say either way with authority.
Plenty of other bars that won't dick over people to go to in this city.I love love love the food. It has great people great prices and hey the drinks are awesome as well. Can't go wrong with the strip steak.What is wrong with these people??  Went in when it was dead, and decided to order the calamari after seeing all the glowing reviews.  It was STONE COLD!! I told the bartender who promptly responded by sticking his finger in my fish.  WTF?!? I later went into the bathroom to find that the soap container was completely empty.  
Final analysis:  Steer clear from this place unless you just want to get a drink.
PS This place is smokyIs delicious Tapas in a cute dive bar setting the right way to describe this place?  Sometimes I feel like every bar I walk into in New Orleans is a "dive", so I don't know, maybe.
Regardless of how I describe the feel, the food is incredible.  The cocktails were tasty, the bartender and everyone working there were cool, and a little bit chatty.  I ate there twice over the course of two days and I was pleased with everything I tried, especially the "trust me" plates.
From Ceviche to Lamb, everything was great.Great spot right on royal street.  The lamb chops are excellent but very small portions and a bit pricey. Steak is pretty amazing also. Definitely a hipster bar but a chill spot to have a drink and shoot some pool and play darts.I'm gonna keep this real short because I've not eaten their food:
1. Their drink prices are good.
2. Their live music and swing dancing upstairs is always entertaining. (even the stoned out guy on the keyboards that sometimes plays early in the night)
3. They mix the best bloody mary I've ever had. It's kind of the holy grail of bloody marys. Flavorful, properly balanced spice, lots of pickled things and a good kick.Mimi's is a hidden gem! The service is great and the food is outstanding! The goat cheese croquet,empanadas and mushroom toast will stun you! The basil lemonade will quench your thirst! This is a must try when in Nola!!Great shady-cozy ambience. Tasty cold plates. Unique and delicious hot plates. You can definitely trust the chef on the "Trust Me"! Yummy, simple sweet plates. Amazing friendly, quirky service. :) Sierra is the best--running the bar and dining area on her own and keeping everyone happy! Just wish there would've been a DJ that night.Stopped by here on St Patty's for drinks... I don't remember what I drank or if it was any good but the next day, our Airbnb host recommended Mimi's for tapas. Whaaaaat! We were surprised that they even served food here, let alone tapas! So we came back (more sober than the first night), went upstairs and found a cozy little dining area. We ordered the Grilled Steak, Patatas Bravas, and Braised Pork & Veggies. Everything was DELICIOUS! My favorite was the braised pork... I wish there were more vegetables in this dish but I got over it because the meat was just super tender and the sauce was YUM. 
The only thing is that it's cash only, but they do have ATM machines just in case. Anyway, highly recommended if you're looking for late night munchies with your drinks.Share some tapas with friends downstairs or dance the night away upstairs.  Your choice.  (Saturday night with DJ Soul Sister really is amazing).Downstairs it seems like a dive bar but walk up the stairs and you find that you are magically transported to swanky little jazz joint. The cocktails are flowing, the music is floating on the air, couple are dancing with wild abandon. Nothing but merriment and revelry. Not to mention the food was fantastic. My hat off to the chef, Heath Cliff. The escargot was out of this world.Love this place. Introduced to it by a friend who lives in the neighborhood and returned after a night out. It's got a neighborhood bar feel with incredible food. Definitely get a "trust me" - it's delivered with a full explanation. I also like the mushroom manchego toast. They serve food until 4:00 am. Get off the main drags and check it out for sure. The bartenders are also fantastic - and there is a Galaga/Pacman machine... so I love that too!OMG!! This little dive bar has uncharacteristically AMAZING food!! Don't judge a book by its cover. We were looking for food around midnight, and chose this place based on reviews. And we were so glad we did. Be aware, it's cash only...and you don't go there for world class service. If you're ok with that, read on. 
They have all sorts of tapas options, even vegetarian and vegan. Walked upstairs and they had ample seating (though it was midnight on a Monday night). The duck skewers were a MUST!! Please get those. The goat cheese and mushroom empanadas...OMG!! Sooooo good. And I don't even like mushrooms that much. 
Also had the patatas bravas...Spanish style potatoes...they were delish. The "Trust Me" that night was some sort of beef, but I hear that changes all the time. We also had the Brussels sprouts and micro greens salad which was a bit too vinegary for my taste, but not bad. Also, they were shaved Brussels, not in their full form. 
All in all...a complete winner, and would definitely come back!!!I live right down the street from this place, so for me the location can't be beat.  I love coming here and bring friends all the time.  The downstairs area is kind of dive barish, and usually has an interesting crowd.  We've met people from all over the world here (as well as some really interesting locals.)  They also welcome the neighborhood dogs, which gets it a huge thumbs up from our Pomeranian. Upstairs is a funky little dance area with a kind of loungey feel.
The drink selection is fine, with one or two interesting cocktails and a decent list of wine and beer options.  However, we really enjoy the food.  The selection of tapas even offers options for my vegetarian boyfriend.  Here's what we've sampled:
Goat Cheese Croquetas ($6)- these suckers are AMAZING.  They come in an order of three delicious golden balls of cheesy goodness, doused in honey with pickled onions.  Do not miss out on these!
Gambas Al Ajillo ($7)- true Spanish style mambas with a delicious, garlic aijilo.  These took my right back to Barcelona.  
Calamari Con Chorizo ($7)- Skip it.  The calamari was so rubbery and the chorizo was more like a pancetta.  The sauce was yummy but a little too rich for my taste.  
Patatas Bravas ($6)- Again, an authentic Spanish take on a fantastic dish.  I saw a few reviewers reporting charred potatoes, but luckily we've never encountered that.  One time the waiter brought out a rather smallish order, but then gave us a second order on the house.
Mushroom Manchego Toast ($7)- A very rich little dish with nice hearty mushroomy flavors.  Great in a damp New Orleans chill. 
Spanish Cheeses ($8)- A passable selection of Spanish cheeses with accouterments.  Nothing special but not bad either.  If you're just looking for cheese and wine head somewhere else.
Trust Me ($8)- This one is a lot of fun.  You never know what you'll get and we've gotten a range when we've ordered it.  However, usually they let you specify if you have some sort of food restriction (i.e. meat free).  If you're feeling adventurous, I recommend going out on a limb for this one. 
Pinxos de Xocolate ($6)- Delicious slightly spicy chocolate desert.  If you're looking for something sweet, this is it.  It's got just a hint of cayenne pepper and is drizzled with olive oil.  Can't go wrong there.This place, so weird and not what I'm used to or expected at all. Maybe it was just a shock being in the South for the first time or what, but I'd pass if you're coming for food IMO. 
The bartender was so nice! This isn't about the service at all. The food though.. I've just had better for more reasonable prices. We got a couple of tapas: Fried brussels sprouts, pork chops, and goat cheese croquettes.  I took a bite of the brussel sprouts and almost spit it back out due to pure shock- it was like eating a ball of the strongest vinegar you've ever had. My eyes and my throat instantly started burning. I waited to see how my husband would react and didn't say anything- He reacted the same way, except coughed and had to over his mouth.   Pass on those.  The other two plates were weird, but much more enjoyable than the first dish. 
They have decent prices on alcohol, which is why I think most people come here. $5 shots of whiskey and add $2 for a ginger beer. $6 for a glass of champagne. Not bad in my book.Always delicious! Extremely accommodating to gluten free! Just remember your cash! The escargot, cheese plate, shrimp, charred romaine and mushrooms were all delicious! I've never been disappointedCame here on our last night in NOLA. We wanted some low key and fun and close by and read great reviews. This place really is awesome. Great drinks, the servers are super cool, and the food was awesome! We got the TRUST ME and trust me its what everyone needs to get when they come. If you have a dietary restriction just ask for a Trust Me vegetarian or without pork or however you want. Wife and I played a little bit of pool while hanging out. The environment is nice especially when you wanna get the hell out of Bourbon Street.Maravilhoso. Tapas muito bem preparados,  com temperos bem marcantes.  A bartender é maravilhosa e muito atenciosa e inventou na hora um cocktail para mim com rum e suco de limão. Sensacional.Great local flavor.  Multiple tapas plates and all were solid to outstanding. Lamb chops were a standout.Great bar in the Marigny section, really nice local ambiance, there is a pool table on the first level and live music and tapas on the second floor. The owner is a lovely lady, and Daphne the manager is the best.
An absolute must, if you are tired of the tourist scene, and want a taste of the real NOLAI enjoyed visiting this place, very close to where I was staying, the Lion's Inn on St. Charles.  Went with my lady, we're old geezers at ages 45 and 48 and still enjoyed this place, got there pretty late around 12:30 or so and left around 3pm.  This place was much more divey than appears on the pics and that's fine.  A younger, hipper, artsier crowd and pretty friendly.  We enjoyed being able to smoke and the drinks were pretty reasonable and the service pretty dang good.  Didn't try any food, but heard good things about it.  This would be a regular spot if I were to live in New Orleans, our kinda place.Great little Tapa's bar on the edge of the Quarter. They serve great tasting food until 2am. Prices are reasonable and the service was up to par. Two levels to get some breathing space if it gets crowded. Live music upstairs. Great for groups and an end to a late night in NOLA.Mimi's is the perfect place to wine down on a Friday night, whether you are there for a birthday party or a first date.
The space is very cosy, and welcoming. They do not blast the a/c, which is very nice (I don't enjoy when a place is way too cold). I love the old brick walls and the huge windows.
If you go there to enjoy a drink with some food, you are at the right place: they only serve small plates (tapas) for a very decent price. If you are there with a group of friends, make sure to order as many different tapas as possible: they are all finger licking good! Try the goat cheese empanadas, and the lamb chops: you won't be disappointed!
They also make a mean dirty martini!Although the food and drinks were tasty, the overall experience of this bar was lacking. My group ordered food-- only half of us got the food in a reasonable time and somehow the other half of our orders got lost. We waited over an hour for a small portion of food. The bartender was not friendly or apologetic-- in fact when we went back to close our tab they had the nerve to call us out about us not tipping (even though I know I did). Drinks were overpriced and I've had stronger.The overall atmosphere was what I could describe as bourgeois and try-hard. As an out of towner, I would not even have this on my list of bars to visit.Voted best neighborhood bar by Where Y'at and deservedly so. The downstairs is a total dive (which is right up my alley) and the upstairs is restaurant / dance floor. The tapas is a bit pricey, but delicious. I haven't had a single thing that I didn't love, especially the escargot. Go on a Saturday, dance and get sweaty to DJ Soul Sister.As much as I like to complain about being in the ninety-nine percent, I was lucky enough to collect some bones for a jaunt to NOLA to ring in the New Year, like a boss.  I rolled with a motley crew, but I'll get into all of that with the other reviews I plan to write 'bout the the N.O....
December 30th, 2011, the date my main squeeze turned 29, I was at Mimi's.  And guess what---Mimi was there too.  It turns out that Ms. Mimi is a down-to-earth kind of gal who owns an standup establishment that knows how to show you a good time, somewhat tucked away from amateur hour on Bourbon Street and French Quarter. 
We went almost everywhere. I mean everywhere and despite the fact that New Orleans, Louisiana is known for Mint Juleps and Sazerac's I could not find a bartender happy enough or a bar stocked enough to make me a damn Sazerac BUT you better believe they knew had to make one at Mimi's--for 7 dollars to boot!  I could go on and on about this place, but I just wrote the 100th review so you have plenty more to read...I absolutely love the tapas here. There is a great variety and I find their prices reasonable for quality, despite the small plate size. My favorites include the lamb chops, manchego mushroom toast and the goat cheese croquettes. I also enjoy the escargot in cream sauce but would recommend a small amount of salt and ask for some extra bread to soak it up. It only comes with one slice, which is never enough. The mussels are great and the avocado pâté is refreshing. Order at the bar and be prepared to wait a little while during peak hours, but it's well worth the time spent having cocktails and conversation with friends. I look forward to my next visit.Mimi's is supposed to be a good bar in the Marigny, but we headed right upstairs for the tapas.  They were fantastic.  We had three tapas plates to start.  The fried goat cheese balls drizzled with honey(hot and amazing), smoked salmon on a cucumber slice with caviar on top(cold and great) and a spicy potato salad thing(also, tasty).  After this, we ordered two more plates, a "salad" which was a large slice of Romaine lettuce grilled (this was too garlicky for my taste) and finally thin pork that was rolled up with yummy goodness inside. 
 The atmosphere is relaxed and easy going, our dining neighbors felt comfortable enough to speak to us. We sat by the window and looked out toward the sunset and Frenchman Street. The waiter seemed knowledgeable of the menu and was available but not overly attentive.  The chef came to the table to deliver a dish or two also.  Eating tapas in New Orleans seems wrong, but if you head to Mimi's you will understand it's so right.BLUF:  Upstairs has awesome tapas and live music.  
This is one of the more interesting places in NOLA in my opinion.  Downstairs is the standard diveish hispter bar and upstairs is a cool place for live music and tapas and drinks.  Standard drinks with some wines but awesome tapas.  Really good stuff.  Nice crowd.  Mix of all types of people.  
I got the wrack of lamb and cheese/mushroom hotpocket (definitely not a hot pocket but I cant think of the right word for it).  They were both great and reasonably priced.  
Great place to.Mimi's is one of my favorite places to eat as well as dance depending on what time of day it is. If you are early, go upstairs and try some of their tapas and always order the surprise dish. I believe it's called "trust me". I'm always pleased with the result. If you get there on a good day someone will be strumming a guitar in the corner while you dine. If you go late, wear your dancing shoes and minimal clothing. The dance floor gets heated up with DJ's and hipsters and whoever. Sometimes you'll even catch a drunken celeb getting his/her grind on. The men can be a bit annoying if you want to be left alone, but luckily I know how to handle myself. 9 times out of 10 you'll find me dancing on the table at some point.I absolutely love this place. It is a very nice hidden gem, great food. They serve food until 2am, which is great for industry people. I would say they serve some of the best food in New Orleans.We had dinner here tonight.  I had bookmarked it after reading Joi's rave review and then this morning Vincent our innkeeper gave it high praise.  We hailed a cab and were delivered to Mimi's.  Our cabbie was funny and knowledgeable, even giving us a dining recommendation for another night at Mr. B's when Sherri asked about crawfish etouffée.
We walked in to the ground floor bar and were greeted by two friendly black dogs before heading upstairs.  There are two worn flights of stairs w/ handrails that were slightly wobbly, but they got us upstairs and down.  We walked into a dining room that was empty save for the bartender who also served as our waitress.  The decor was interesting, a series of mounted tattooed baby dolls hanging on the walls that reminded me of the weird Barbies at Rudy's Can't Fail Café.  We were pretty hungry, having eaten only lightly at midday because we were on a city tour that started at 1:00.  Sherri ordered a martini, as did I.  Ron ordered a rum and coke and Alan ordered a mixed drink whose name I forget.  It was like a mai tai but different.
Tapas are about as ideal a way to eat as I can think of.  Lots of little bits, bites and tastes.  We ordered mushroom Manchego toast, a steak which Vincent had recommended, the goat cheese croquettes, shrimp and garlic and a grilled romaine salad at the recommendation of our hostess.  As we ordered, a party of 12 arrived and gradually more people filed in.  Every dish was delicious.  We next ordered braised pork, mixed olives from the cold tapas menu, and more steak and salad plus an order of mushrooms, garlic, herbs and white wine.  Dishes were brought to us singly and in groups and they were most satisfying.  The mushrooms were huge and wonderfully flavorful, but everything was good if not great.  Service was warm, friendly and fast.  Sherri and I each had another martini.  A band was due to start playing at 10:00 but it was 9:00 and we were tired after our city tour and ready to move on.  The room was pretty much full when we left and more people were arriving.  The bartender ordered us a cab which arrived shortly and we were on our way back to our B&B.  Except Sherri and Ron, who were on a hunt for dessert.One of my favorite things about New Orleans is that every single bar seems to feature at least 4 people drinking at any hour of the afternoon.  And not just depressing old men - regular people drink in the afternoon!  My kind of town.
At Mimi's, some of those people might be wearing denim vests that say "southern gentlemen" across the back.  You can admire said vest while drinking an affordable & high quality cocktail; playing pool (only 50 cents); or eating tapas.  Combined with the great jukebox, it leaves very little to be desired.I've eaten here at least a dozen times and wanted to update my review to reflect that. you really can't beat the food here, especially the "trust me" (a dish so named because you don't know what it is until it gets placed in front of you). on Halloween it was deep fried pork tenderloin. like chicken tenders but better! a giant portion w two yummy sauces (one sweet, one creamy) in the bottom of the bowl. 
I came back like three days later because it was so good that night and got the trust me again. this time it was grilled quail. smoky and delicious! I almost always order the lamb chops and the manchego mushroom toast from the regular menu. 
come here with friends and order like everythingLovely to see Mimis still going strong, I remember coming here over 10 years ago.  It was a bit more intimate upstairs with sofas and delicious nibbles.  Music now is limited to certain night due to it being in a residential area.  Its a cool bar with cool people and way from the hullabaloo of the quarter.  We made a quick stop just as it opened to get some lamb chops and a bit of nostalgia.For people who gave upstairs Mimi's a 2 or 3 stars based on Saturday nights, y'all are too lenient, I wouldn't have given any stars at all coz of the douches who screwed up all the good vibe of Mimi's and destroyed DJ Soul Sister's wonderful music. No bartenders like the Saturday shift either. Their complaints - douchey "uptowners". I would still go for DJ Soul Sister, with good company. But don't even try to piss yourself off by talking to unfamiliar faces. Chances are, they bunch of pretentious douches, yeard.
However, I love everything about Mimi's on any other night, even though it's kinda $$$ but heck the best piece of steak is here so I'll pay for that. I don't think you can find another Mimi's anywhere else in the world. My favorite night? Wednesday night with Aurora and the Roses. Super chill. Good people. Good music.WOW. Awful experience. It took me a week to write a review because I used to love Mimi's. Our food was incredible (all the stars to the kitchen). It arrived quickly, 15min & was delicious. We'd ordered hot toddies when we placed our food order, the bartender frantically brought to us after at least 30min. She apologized several times saying she was busy, but we watched her prioritize other things in front of our drinks. Not having our drinks was a small agitation on our still nice dinner.
Having our first sips of warm toddy, the doorman came to our table and demanded at my partner "WERE YOU DOING COCAINE IN THE BATHROOM" We started awkwardly laughing because we thought he was playing some weird joke. But no, he then got more serious and said there was urine all over the bathroom so if my partner wasn't in there doing coke what was he doing 
We were so caught off guard, just had our 1st sips. His disturbing accusational rant continued for WAY too long, he kept repeating "I work here, I work here, what am I supposed to do when I see a mess in the bathroom"
ANYTHING BUT THAT. Anything. 
Ruined dinner, memories of fun times there, and cussed at us as we were leaving because our frantic bartender decided it was appropriate to run past us after we told her why we were leaving to literally yell at the dude. He kept yelling at us as we walked down the block. 
Yeah, definitely not how to handle that.
Also, my date definitely did not pee all over the fricking bathroom but thanks for the weirdest awful dinner ever.I wanted to update this review to 5 stars because I've been in several times since my last review, and the bar service/staff has been wonderful lately. I spent several hours drinking here last night, and it was such a pleasant and comfortable experience. I always walk away thinking to myself, "why don't I walk over here more often?" The answer is simply that I dislike it when it's overcrowded, which is pretty often - but when it's not? I love the place. 
I always sit upstairs, and the staff seems to be consistently in a great mood, especially on slower nights when I tend to show up (as stated, I hate crowds). I love the atmosphere of this place. I love dark bars, and overhearing strange conversations, and seeing films projected on a wall that don't match the music being played. I love that it's one of the few bars where I don't need to take cash out of an ATM. I love the diversity of people that come here and that I don't feel too old or too _____(insert anything) to sit there and enjoy it. I love the central location (smack in the center of the neighborhood), and that even when it's full, you can usually eyeball an open table or stool pretty quickly. While Marie's (down the street) is my home base bar, and while I still miss Soul Sister's residency here, this is definitely [still] one of my favorite places in the city to sit on a bar stool. Kudos for staying consistent, y'all!Mimi's!
I only learned of Mimi's the year before last because we ended up at a guest house on the next block (Schiro's).  We had often meant to catch Washboard Chaz there on previous visits, but just never made it that "deep" into the Marigny.
Now, we end up there at LEAST once during every visit.
We've only been to Mimi's as a bar, never as a restaurant, but always mean to check it out for their tapas, so this review won't go there.  As much of a "food town" that New Orleans is, we're always there for the music and usually forget to eat.  I know that's sacrilige to some, but if shows are starting around 2 or 3am and ending around 6am, it's hard to rally for a "nice lunch" or even a "nice dinner" the next day.
Anywho, Mimi's!
Any and all of the music I've seen upstairs is TOP.NOTCH.  I've never seen anything substandard there and like what seems all of New Orleans and NONE of Atlanta, people are always dancing!  Previous reviews mention the "hipster" factor, but I've never noticed it at Mimi's.  Actually, it's something I hardly notice in New Orleans at all, again, compared to Atlanta.  For every newscap, indie-band-you-don't-know-too-small-tshirt, fake glasses wearing "hipster" I notice, there's always some scraggly old, long frizzy grey haired hippy there to balance him out.  Then there's my khaki-pants, boat shoes, braided belt clad husband - he's closed Mimi's down with me a few times and has never felt hipstered out or anything.  I guess it's all perspective.  Sure there might be lots of hipsters there, but they've never determined how great of a time I've had there.  And I'm not one, for sure.
So, upstairs, amazing live music and a super friendly, local vibe
Downstairs, a well serviced, fairly priced, open late, straight up bar.
Please check out Mimi's on your next trip to NOLA.  Or you know, if you live there, as well.This was fun to visit and we may be back for the lamb chop tapas alone. I'm a wine drinker and they have a decent list of affordable Spanish reds. We tried the goat cheese croquettes which were wonderful, the lamb chop tapas (I literally kicked my plate) and the mushroom empanadas. the mushroom empanadas were not good. The flavors were there and the empanadas crust texture was great but it was stuffed with canned mushrooms and it was gross. Then, a friend got the "trust me", and it was this awesome Mediterranean spiced skewered duck with micro basil and basil garlic aioli along side a bed of salted greens. We had fun playing pool, eating snacks and making friends. 
Don't leave without trying the lamb tapa!I have stayed in the Marigny/Bywater neighborhood both times I have been to New Orleans, and I have been to Mimi's 5xs. It usually is our "coming home" bar, our spot for the rest of the night. I like the neighborhood feel, the bartenders, the people. 
But I really like the lamb chops. I do not eat meat a lot, let alone LAMB, but my gosh- I turn into a ravenous vulture with the lamb chops. They are finished in a balsamic reduction. You have to order them. The escargot is nice, a little rich for me (thicker than the usual escargot garlic butter). Patatas bravas are good, and the empanadas are to die for. 
I do believe they are  now cash only, but I never remember. They have an ATM.After getting off of work one Sunday night, my co-workers and I were hungry and was grateful that Mimi's kitchen was open until 1AM, but let's just cut to the chase.
Ambiance: They have a downstairs and upstairs; we went upstairs. Downstairs had more of a bar scene with louder music, a pool table, a bar, and some arcade games. Upstairs was much quieter and was much more intimate. I loved the atmosphere! Each table was lit with a candle and they also had a bar upstairs. 
Service: Although you do seat yourself, get your own menus, and bring your utensils to your own table, the bartender was superb and very nice. She was very knowledgeable about the menu and gave a detailed description of the menu items we asked questions about. I wish I would have gotten her name so that i could give her the credit she deserves.
Food: 
Patatas Bravas: The patatas bravas was a hot potato tapa that we ordered. It came out very hot and was served with a spicy sauce on top. Everyone enjoyed it!
Setas Al Ajillo: This dish was a combination of mushrooms that were sauteed with a garlic sauce. It comes with one piece of bread I think? However, the bartender told us beforehand and suggested we get extra bread, so we did. This was good too, but something you can very easily make at home.
Grilled Steak: The grilled steak is....grilled steak. It's steak, and it's grilled, but they must have the hook up with the butcher because it was sooooo juicy and tender. I was expecting more dry and tough, since one of my co-workers only eat well-done meat, but I've got to say, this exceeded my expectations by leaps and bounds. 
Alcachofa Confit Pinxo: This was a cold tapa that was artichoke I believe? It was cooked and mixed with some cold creamy sauce served on top of a toasted bread. It came three to a plate, so it was perfect because we had three people. Definitely liked it as well!Pros: Cheap drinks, great band
Cons: Beards, suspendersall i have to say is GOAT CHEESE CROQUETTAS! AMAZING! also,try the mushroom manchego toast. A bit overpriced but worth every penny.I love Mimi's! It's always dark & the food is really good. I only go in the wee hours of the morning & I like it that way.Like any person in my age bracket that lives in New Orleans, I like Mimi's.
It has a great atmosphere, decent priced drinks, and hot dudes.
The upstairs and downstairs are so different that I will usually only be in the mood for one or the other and stay anchored there for the evening while getting pretty tipsy and shouting at anyone within earshot that the tapas are soooo good and very authentic. (They really are by the way! I heart patatas bravas!)Absolutely incredible! We took the other reviewers' advice and ordered the Trust Me. The braised pork and plantains did not disappoint. We also had escargot; it was perfectly prepared in a creamy sauce.If you're looking for a good place to dance to some great soul music at night, come here!
Maybe come a little early to the upstairs area if you'd like to secure a spot to dance in, but just come. It's worth being surrounded by a lot of people in the sweltering heat and sticky humidity. The DJ playing the night my friends and I went was amazing, and got me into dancing by myself!
The bartenders were also complete sweethearts, which is so rare to find in such a busy place!MANCHEGO TOAST- Ya heard! You'll be haunted by this delicious savory snack. As comforting as a grilled cheese but an elegant upgrade. The building is distinctive and has quintessential New Orleans flair. Great people watching spot. Night's out that include Mimi's are usually amazing memories.This bar is a contradiction in styles and flavor that ultimately works out well. 
It is a few blocks from the French Quarter, so you might not find it unless you really look for it. The bouncer at the door looks like a homeless hipster, so you might be startled when he asks for your ID in an authoritative but pleasant tone.
When you walk into the main room your senses will quickly sense a dive bar. The crowd is typical NOLA native, meaning that there will be a mixture of races, ages and styles mingling here in ways that other cities normally can't match. Head upstairs and the flavor of the room gets even better. On the night we were there, they had a DJ (one of the few that I had seen in a city overflowing with live music) who was old enough to be my mom. But her age did not limit her skills on the turntables. Her set was a mix of funk, soul, hip hop, R&B with a little downtempo thrown in for flavor. She was on for two songs before the whole room was dancing. This was clearly her regular crowd and it was refreshing to see such uninhibited dancing. It reminded me of APT at its prime. Classic.
Find Mi Mi when you get a chance. Go upstairs and lose yourself on the dance floor.
Have fun.
GI like the bar downstairs and I like that upstairs gets dancey, but for me the real draw here is that Mimi's offers tapas late into the night. Our 3 AM dining choices are certainly not always this wise. 
Not typically our finest hour. Let a typical drunk-food life flash before your eyes: mediocre pizza, questionable diners, memories of greasy regret... Yeah, tapas is is way better road to take if you're able- a road paved with little plates of tasty bites at 3 AM on a Friday night. Lucky to have such a spot!
Oh, but lemme not act as though we didn't order just crazily. Between the two of us we ended up fashioning one of the carbiest carb combos that's ever been carbed. Well we went a little heavy with the small plates is what I'm saying: Mushroom and manchego toast, patatas bravas, goat cheese croquetas... empanadas... and a lovely plate of artichokes and arugula with preserved lemon.
No remorse! Serioulsy tasty, tasty them all, and I'd do it again any time of the day.Love it! Great hidden NOLA gem in the Mairginy! Across from a good community coffee house.
The upstairs bar and seating area is cozy and comfy. If you arrive early, you can grab the couch chairs close to the band area. This may not seem good at first but when the band shows up you will be pleased at your front row seats. 
For food, we enjoyed a hit-list of tapa treats. I suggest sharing and asking for help on when to stop ordering. We had crab gazpacho, fried Brussels sprouts, grilled shrimp, steak, and a date with figs and blue cheese plate. Each dish had great flavor and was cooked with quality. We ate everything and were completely satisfied with the service and the food.
Enjoy this spot and if you have room in your belly, grab an espresso or coffee across the street.Had a wonderful time at the bar talking to Trent. He made us some very tasty cocktails, and then we had some delicious tapas!! Favs for the evening were the mushroom manchego toast, the steak, the escargot, and the perfectly cooked salmon!! Great job guys! We will be back the next time we are in town.There were many bars I went to in New Orleans that I loved, but Mimi's ended up being my absolute favorite. I loved this hole in the wall jem of a place. If I lived in New Orleans, this would be the bar that I frequent the most. I felt at home here! The bartenders were super friendly and so were the people. I didn't get to eat any of the food while I was there because we got there too late both nights we went but the drinks were great and not horribly overpriced. It's cash only which didn't bother me since there was an ATM. Clean bathrooms, nice music being played in the background. There's a pool table and a Galaga arcade game on the ground level. Upstairs is where you can get your food and there's a balcony. I cannot wait to come back. It's a true blue dive bar and living in LA this is something you don't really get. I'm already planning my next trip just so I can come back here!Mimi's is an excellent bar, 
reasonable prices, a young crowd without feeling like a college bar, pool table, dancing. Bartenders are friendly, and there are enough of them that ordering on a busy night isn't difficult. 
All around MIMI's is one of my favorite bars anywhere. Just a short walk from Frenchmen street, you cannot miss Mimi's on a Saturday night. 
Cant vouch for the food, havent tried it.I went here for a night of dancing.  My BFF in NOLA said that my life would never be complete until I danced the night away at Mimi's. A night of dancing, you say?!? Count me in! My BFF may be spot on on his pronouncement or he may be spectacularly amiss. I don't care. The magic word is "DANCING" (well, and that he assured me Mimi's is not that far from Frenchmen so I can easily head there if I didn't like the scene). And happily, my BFF was so right. That night was one of the most fun nights I have ever had in a while. 
We went on a Saturday night, which is otherwise known as "Disco Night" with DJ Soul Sister. We went to the second floor and it was packed with people just having a great time. (One thing I notice in New Orleans is that people actually dance in clubs instead of just hanging around trying to look pretty while making goo goo eyes at the cutie by the bar like in Las Vegas or San Francisco. Also, by dancing, they don't mean just grinding against your derriere and calling that "dancing.") The music was indeed disco and it was just really really FUN!
Within a space of an hour, it felt like I was dancing with half of the people in the club (who felt like they had all become my friends by then). The best and my most favorite part of the evening? The DJ asked me for my name and number and offered me a job as a backup dancer! (Although that offer may speak more for the DJ's level of inebriation than my dance skillz...) I can't wait to go back to Mimi's for more fun nights!Really tasty  Empanadas! Food  is great for portions and price ! Kick ass place 
Good drinks too  I'm a mezcal drinker I know I picked up a hard spirit to find so I was surprised that they had good mezcal!We had the lamb chops, empanadas, and a cheese plate. Wow! At first I thought this was just a bar but was pleasantly surprised by the fantastic dishes. Everything tasted wonderful.  "Best bar food in 'Merica". Drinks were excellent and the service was even better.The salmon was better than any salmon I've ever had! Lamb chops amazing! We even took a chance and ordered the "trust me" and it was delicious! I wish I would have know that there was no smoking upstairs.Food, music, and drinks were great. The tapas were slightly small for the price but were very good. Try the mushroom and goat cheese empenadas but keep in mind you only get two.What a fabulous place!!! Staying in an Airbnb in the Marigny, we went there on our first night when we were looking for something local and good.  Man, oh man, what a find.  We went upstairs and got some great advice from wonderful bartender Renee, so we ordered the "Trust Me" plates: you tell them what you can't or won't eat, and you get potluck, marvelous dishes that conform to your constraints.  A few of the many stupendous dishes were quail fried rice, hangar steak, pork loin with salsa fresca, giant gulf prawns ... not to mention our "trust me" cocktails and our "trust me" dessert.  Before we headed to NOLA, my travel buddy, Joanne, compiled a list of must-go-to restaurants that was about 3 times as long we could cover in the week we're here, and after 2 visits to Mimi's, we'll probably be back again, regardless of how many places on the list we never get to.  
BTW, they serve this scrumptious food until 2:00 AM weekdays and 4:00 AM weekends. 
Everybody working there is wonderful, friendly, and interesting.  Besides the aforementioned jewel of a bartender Renee, we met super-smart chef Heathcliff and his stupendous sidekick, Morgan.  Much, much, much better than the clip joints in the nearby French Quarter, and it actually stays open as long as they advertise, unlike the so-called "late-night" restaurants on Frenchmen Street.  Love this joint.Huh how is it possible I haven't written a review of an old stand bye of mine ...Mimi's. I have been coming here for YEARZZZ and so that says a lot as it keeps me coming back. What brings me back is the food and the atmosphere. What I always question though is the service. When dining here I always head upstairs. There isn't table service you order at the bar and food runners bring your food. I never understand why they just don't add a waiter or another bartender. For this reason I generally belly up to the bar for easy access to the bartender. Anyway it is what it is and I know what I am getting when I dine here. 
Now onto what brings me here the tapas. They offer a nice selection of cold and hot dishes. My favorite to order is the trust me. I ask for a vegetarian trust me every time I eat here and always enjoy them. Do be aware that the dishes come out pretty jumbled at time with no real order. I ordered 5 things last nite and my simple salad was the last thing to come out. Maybe they are going the French route but I doubt it. Anyway come with a layed back attitude and you will be all good. I also recommend arriving before 8 if you are eating. The later it gets the more this place turns into a bar.Lollipop lambchop is a great snack. Huge fan. Great place to engage in conversation with randoms. Love going here by myself to have small plates at the bar during the week, and to dance with friends on Saturday nights. A classic Marigny bar.My neighborhood bar. Good selection of beer.  Great tapas served late. Goat cheese croquettes are sooooo good.  Friendly bar tenders. Can fill up on weekends, especially on Saturdays when Soul Sister spins upstairs. Meschiya Lake and Little sings every Monday!Mimi's is a great taste sensation & a fierce place to spend an evening with friends, excellent food and libations.Somehow, every trip to Frenchmen ends up at mimi's. I'm pretty sure I need to rely on drunk recall to get me there. The place is fantastic. The dance floor upstairs is always blasting awesome music and I've never danced so much in my life. 
My only warning is for the ladies: the women's bathroom is just two toilets in a room... so be prepared to make some friends!!Hot, sex, funk on Saturday nights if you want to break it down. Keep an eye out for the cardigan man.Very cozy place!! The staff was super friendly and the other bar hoppers felt like old friends.
Just like with Silk Road, this isn't a place to go if you're hungry. Thirsty, yes. Hungry, no. I had the cheese plate & lamp chops, both were a tasty snack.Do not miss this place! I would come back here in a heartbeat- the vibe is chill, the food is high end but relatively cheap and tapas are awesome! For a party of 6 girls I believe we ordered about 12 dishes, about $7 on average. Our "trust me" was butter poached scallops with an amazing goat cheese sauce- fantastic. Everything else was exceptional as well & the bartender was a peach. Probably my favorite place of the trip!If it's tapas and small plates you seek, this is the real deal! Great sangria and a list from which to pick that made me me want to order one of each.
Small plates are still quite misunderstood in the U.S.  As we are accustomed to (over proportioned and wasteful) large individual plates. This poses a dilemma for restaurants offering such a venue, though Mimi's has found a good balance. Portions are such that a group can share a plate and have a bite or two yet if someone in the group just needs to have a chunk of meat and a vegetable side, that works too.
We had a group of six and ordered 9 plates and one in our group had two for himself. Two pitchers of sangria and two hours later, while enjoying great Cuban, Mexican and Spanish music and a cozy minimally designed second floor dining room took me
back to my recent visit Spain and my wife's and my seeking out the neighborhood bars.
Mimi's offers real deal and its location out of the zona tourista gave this tourist a wonderful taste of New Orleans that is outside of the hubbub and the hustle. 
Highly recommended.Crazy enough this was one of the best places we ate in NOLA. THE LAMB CHOPS were cooked way beyond med rare which I usually would not be ok with.  But they are cut so thin and the gristle fat chewies get crispy and burnt.  These are good things in this case! Surprise! The sauce is like a tomato compote and the drizzle of balsamic really adds to the dish.  It's freakin great.  The grilled romaine salad is an old school dish and done well. Lots of cheese. Nice and smokey. Good dressing. The snails I didn't love( took off the star). I just don't want a thick creamy sauce with my snails. Just give me some clary butter with garlic parsley and lemon and bread. I think we got 1/8 of a single slice of bread. Tiny.Love this dive bar!  The tapas were super tasty.  It's an absolute must after a long night of drinking.  Pricing was really reasonable.  I would recommend ordering the surprise me from the cook.  We got pate crostini with flank steak.  Yum!Ah Mimi's, how I love thee.
Perfect New Orleans ambiance - dark, a little grungy, but absolutely filled with personality and charm. When I visited, the bartender suggested a specialty cocktail - basil, lime, ginger liquor & coconut milk. It was amazing!!!
The food also rocks - shrimp in garlic, butter & white wine was super delicious. The goat cheese croquettes are super indulgent (basically fried cheese) but totally worth it. And the sauteed mushrooms with manchego was the best kind of comfort food - cheesy, warm & yummy.Locals bar with a split personality. Get your chill on downstairs or your groove on in the restaurant that becomes a club at night. Be sure to stop by Saturday nights to catch DJ Soul Sister on the one's and two's.Lovely local spot with great strong drinks. The olives are a garlicky bowl of deliciousness and very good value for $5 (keep in mind, I'm from NYC ... but still, there were a lot!). My hubby and I love the Marigny and found this to be a perfect spot to unwind on a rainy day.I seriously love this place.  It is a cool neighborhood bar with friendly service, great atmosphere, good drinks, and--you won't believe this--fantastic gourmet appetizers!  You just have to try it.  If you are familiar with the Marigny--the hip neighborhood just east of the French Quarter--you probably already know the draw of the music on Frenchmen Street.  Mimi's is just a little further walk, maybe 3-5 blocks, but well worth it!  Also if you have a car, it's easy to find parking around there.Wow the mushroom toast rocked my world! The charred romaine, salmon and steak was excellent. Great spot to pop into!oh my god. i am A mazed,, my miller light was by far the best miller light i'v ever had. got hammerdWent there on a recent business trip because I saw them written up in the NY Times "36 Hours in...." Travel column.  Figured that you have to be pretty special to get featured in the Times.  It was better than advertised.  Went there twice actually.  First in the early afternoon and was pleasantly surprised by the people and the vibe.  Had a great time and was entertained by a bartender, ex-scientist I think, went by Max, although not sure that was his real name. Very entertaining fellow, but only works the day shift I was told. Came back in the evening and had some of the best food (small plates) in town - and that is saying something for New Orleans.Excellent little neighborhood bar in a very cute area away from the French quarter. Dark and super friendly with excellent tapas... We had the potatoes bravas (with a yummy romesco), the mushrooms and manchego on toast (mind blowingly good... I wanted to lick the plate!), the artichoke dip on a crostini with arugula, and the fried Brussel sprouts (wowsa!!)... It was fun having everything like it was a little picnic and the girl upstairs tending bar was a doll... Really sweet answering all of our questions and just down to earth and lovely, as was the girl bringing out the food. If I could have one wish there it would be to have a bit higher end wine selections, but that is just me. I love wine. My husband and I were completely happy with everything. We shall be back!!!Probably my favorite bar in New Orleans. 
Good, affordable drinks. Dope atmosphere. The Trust Me is the best tapas choice in the city.