Came here with a group of 15 people on a Tuesday night. We had reserved a space in advance. 
While the food was good, what was lacking was good service and cleanliness. We sat down at our table and it was sticky, and there was a dirty and also sticky fork still on it...so the assumption was that the table simply hadn't been wiped down all the way. Yuck. 
We ordered and the food took a fair amount of time, understandable because of such a large party. Problem was, when the food came out, no server knew what we'd individually ordered, so it became a huge mix up with people eating others' food. 
I ordered the pork belly tacos which had a great caramelization on the outside and tender inside. I also ordered the spicy beef pho, which was perfectly balanced with flavor after adding the accompanying bean sprouts and limes. 
The wait for the check and processing payment was long and arduous, a problem again because we had a Lyft driver waiting outside for us. 
All in all, go for the food, not for the service.I stopped in to order take out and get a drink while I waited since it was happy hour. I am usually a beer drinker but I decided to step out of my comfort zone and ordered the dragonberry iced tea which was refreshing but not obnoxiously cocktail-ly, very pleasant. I had lemongrass chicken and crab rangoon, the lemon grass chicken and rice was fantastic. I do wish the crab rangoon had a little more filling but the dipping sauce was great. I've been here a few times and I have never been disappointed in the food or the service.I live in the neighborhood so I try to frequent Mint as much as I can. No choice is a bad choice! Also the Taro Tapioca Smoothie is the perfect cure for a sweet tooth.Food was terrible!!! I ordered through Postmates and my order was WRONG. The food was so bland and such a let down. I will NEVER set foot in this place again. I asked for aioli on the side of my to go wings. NOPE. Swimming in aioli. I asked for the wings crispy. NOPE. Skin fell off immediately so soft. I asked for extra peanuts for my vermicelli,. NOPE! Got ZERO peanuts. Asked for sauce. Wish I hadn't. The sauce for he vermicelli was TERRIBLE. Omg never never never ever again. Funny thing is, when I got my receipt, all of the modifications were there. I was expecting to pay extra but I didn't Bc they didn't do any of them.Mint is a new Vietnamese restaurant just opened. A really nice modern place. I'm big on Pho & it did not disappoint me. My favorite is the wild slider with pork belly. Must try! Great staff & bartender..I love Mint! I've only ever had good meals here. Fairly priced, delicious food, good vegetarian options.Ordered delivery through Postmates to be delivered to our hotel room. The delivery guy was very very friendly. However, the restaurant did not pack any utensils or napkins. Please be mindful when you are packing the food.Some of the more creative house dishes looked good and inspired like the chicken and waffles and the burger but for Vietnamese food it was just ok.  We had the avocado fresh rolls and they tasted just ok and the peanut sauce was not great.
The real upsetting part of this meal was we had a vegan in our party and they asked the waitress what on the menu was vegan and she pointed out all the tofu dishes.  Ok good start!  Both the meat eaters and on meat eaters in our party have options.  The follow up question she asked was  that there were absolutely no animal products in any of the tofu dishes?  The answer she got was no animal products.  After ordering the tofu vermicelli she found out it had fish sauce on it and told the waitress.  The waitress sort of stared at her blankly and didn't really know what to do.  Eventually we just asked to see the menu again and asked if the  sate veggies was vegan?  The waitress explained it was veggies with a lemongrass and spicy sauce.  The waitress said yes it was vegan.  She sked if they could make It less spicy, and was told yes. And so asked if she could have that instead.  When it came out it was steamed veggies with rice.  No sauce, nothing.  Some of the veggies had brown spots on them.  This was sent back and we went to lost love after for pho.
With vegan diets being so popular it would make sense if the staff knew their menu better and the chefs were able to actually cook something inspired for their guests with simple restrictions.  We went to bhava the night before with someone with a nut allergy and the chef made  an inspired dessert for them on the spot because there was no dessert they could eat on the actual menu.  With so many restaurants in New Orleans I wouldn't go back or recommend it.Literally my favorite restaurant here in New Orleans. My friend told me I need to invest in the restaurant between going there so much and ordering on postmates. I love the atmosphere and the food of course! I order the same thing every time! Pork and shrimp rolls, shakin new york strip with fried rice add egg, and a cobbler to drink! I try looking at the menu to try something new, but my heart knows what it wants. It's never too crowded, and has an overall good vibe.A-FREAKIN-MAZING. Did you try the chicken and waffles?! They brought a whole new meaning to that sh*t! And their pho and their spring rolls... and everything. Everything here is awesome. When I'm in the area I make sure to stop by and enjoy some of their deliciousness.I eat here multiple times a week. Pork tacos, shrimp vermicelli, pho, literally everything is amazing. One of the best restaurants in New Orleans!So glad to have a great vietnamese place uptown! The spring rolls were authentic and the peanut sauce was great. I had the meatball pho and thought the broth was aromatic and very tasty. Furthermore, they have a stocked bar and are open on Sundays which, as many vietnamese food lovers know, is quite rare. 
Will definitely be going back soon!Wonderful new fusion restaurant in town. I came here because of all the Instagram posts and the high ratings on Yelp. I was expecting a great meal, and I was not disappointed. The menu is concise and everything sounds tasty. 
The sticky chicken wings are a must! The sauce on them is super addicting. I wish I could buy a bottle of it. The kimchi burger is a great twist on an American favorite. I can't wait to return to try their chicken and waffles. Also if you saved any room for dessert make sure to try their pandan waffles with green tea ice cream (off menu item). I was stuffed and didn't think I could take another bite, but as soon as I tasted their dessert I didn't stop till it was all gone.It's nice to see a lot more Vietnamese restaurants opening in the city especially uptown, you can never have too many options. Mint is located right next to Dat Dog, a pleasant new addition to the Freret scenery. It offers authentic Vietnamese dishes with savory, traditional flavors. You can find yourself a really good bowl of pho or plate of com ga roti (rice w/ rotisserie chicken) here. They even offer brown rice as a healthier alternative which I was really excited about! The menu also offers some items with a different flair such as the kim chi burger and chicken with green tea waffles, which I'll definitely be back to try. If you're really brave, you can try one of their specialty cocktails that contains fish sauce in the mix. I love how nicely the decor was done, from the chandeliers to the cute tea cups. There seems to be a good selection of wine which you can enjoy at their spacious bar counter if you're in need of some down time. I had a nice glass of Chardonnay and spring rolls (awesome sauce, literally!) while waiting for friends. The name was chosen well, as mint is one of the cooking staples in Vietnamese cuisine. Their friendly staff and atmosphere will definitely bring me back for frequent visits.I am in town for work and a few of my local counterparts brought me to this restaurant. I wasn't sure what to expect but can I honestly say it was far better than so expected. The crab and bacon rangoon was excellent and the pork couldn't have been better. The service was also excellent. I will definitely be visiting this place again.I was looking for somewhere to go for lunch on a health-conscious, flavorful sort of tip, and I most assuredly found it. This is one of the (now) two Vietnamese restaurants I've crossed in New Orleans with this particular style of lemongrass chicken (the other being in Gretna, to which I kinda hate to traverse), and I THOROUGHLY appreciated it. Had it with rice, and I enjoyed two fairly interesting drinks with it, though I can only currently recall the names of them while looking at the menu. My fault: bad short-term memory. Back in task--the plate had enough food on it to eat twice if you eat moderate meals, and the prices are extremely modest, especially considering the area and the style of food--frankly, there are far less flavorful options for steeper fare, so the fact that it was happy hour was only the cherry on top. Only spent about $27 before tip. Had a bit of conversation, since it was a little slower, and I thoroughly enjoyed myself in every way. I smiled from the time I entered (AND WAS IMMEDIATELY GREETED) to the time I left and got into the car, where I checked in and began writing this review. In my time there, I didn't get to try the much-lauded whiskey sunrise, about which most of the visiting Yelpers have previously raved, but the other two cocktails I purchased were enjoyable, and it's more than safe to say I will definitely be back with company to try it out.I am honestly so appalled​ at the service and standards at this place. Regardless​ of the food quality (which is fine for New Orleans), the service is horrible!
Lilian was our server and it took her at least 8 minutes to greet us and take our orders​. Water came about 5 minutes later and she just placed the waters down on the table and threw some straws down while she was at it. No "here you go" or smile on her face. 
Meanwhile, a gentleman​ came and offered us food that we never ordered... guess he meant to go to a different table. 
When our appetizers​ came, another woman yelled out "avocado rolls" *doesn't wait for anyone to claim them, she just puts them on the table* "Shrimp roll" *slides on table*, "Shrimp​ and pork roll" *slides on table* and then 1 of 3 drinks arrives and it just go slam dab in the middle of the table with no regard​ as to who ordered it. Generally, its bad enough to offer food to a table, waiters should always know who ordered what, but to just throw it on the table like that is straight RUDE!!!!!!
Two of the other drinks came after the food (just generally a bad standard of service to have food come before drinks). 
Food finally came, and it was fine. Employees were too busy to even clear tables to seat parties waiting at the door. The kicker was, they sat two parties of two at a table of four.... basically, ​these poor people had to share a table that is normally just a table for 3-4, not a communal table. 
My friends and I already discussed tipping at or below 15% for the sh*t service (was taking way too long to get our table cleared and our check) but we noticed a 20% gratuity added to the bill because they add that for parties of four or more (literally​ nowhere on earth adds the charge for 4+, its always at minimum 6+, and some places even do 18% not 20%). 
I asked a waitress to take it off because it is illegal to force a customer to pay "gratuity" and she argued with me for a minute before taking it off. Oh and also the gratuity is included in the tax calculation so you pay tax on the gratuity... ALSO ILLEGAL!! 
Scammy business with trash servers who literally​ do not give a crap about their job. I would only go back if the automatic gratuity was removed and the service improves. Obviously, ​it affects​ the work ethic of the waiters because they know they automatically get 20% in the bag if a table of 4+ comes in and therefore​ lose motivation to provide good service.I loved Mint. It was my favorite. Then, the last two times I've come they get my orders wrong. Sending them back takes foreveeeeeer. And they forgot my coffee that they charged me for. I love you, Mint, but your service has been horrible. Anybody have recommendations for other Vietnamese places?This place is casual and has a great selection. I do not eat meat but there are great healthy dishes for someone like me.Ordered the veggie pho for takeout... The amount of veggies is nice and a lot more than you get with veggie pho from other places, but the broth is very fishy smelling and tasting.Ahh-mazing! 
For a newly opened restaurant this place totally delivers; the space is modern and beautifully designed and service is friendly and expedient. 
This being our first visit, we started with the basics, which is pretty much a barometer on whether to dive in deeper.
Shrimp spring rolls were beautiful, Louisiana shrimp freshly cooked (still warm & luscious inside the roll); peanut sauce was rich. 
Shrimp vermicelli had gorgeous grilled shrimp &clean fresh flavors throughout. 
Beef pho was one of the best I've ever had; sultry, flavorful broth with amazing depth and gorgeous, balanced seasoning. Amount of beef was very generous; the only slight gripe is that the "fixings" (sprouts &herbs) we're a bit skimpy... I like lots with mine. Also, no jalapeño. Overall though, this wasn't enough to knock the rating down. 
Will definitely be back!Saturday night:  3 of us 7Pm and they are packed.  Took the last table by the front door and suggest you DON'T if it's chilly.  Took a bit for a wait staff member to greet us but once they did things speed up.  Pork Belly Tacos a must!  Wow,  flavor for days.  Lemongrass chicken Verm and grilled shrimp bowls were amazing.  We ordered egg rolls that never arrived. So my assumption is they had staff call off and those that were there did the best they could.  My 2nd visit will be during the day.Food is delicious but our food took forever we waited almost 30 mins before even getting water. Every course after that took even longer even though we ordered when we sat down. They need to staff up.Been there at least a dozen times.  Service is always fast and polite, the portions are generous, and the food is tasty.  Mint Combo Pho is my favorite.Nice casual ambiance. Great variety in menu and drinks. The pork belly bao and pandan dessert was sooo good. Will stop by next time I'm in Nola to explore the rest of the menu!!We love this place. On average, we eat there once per week. Highly recommend sitting at the bar and chatting up all the krewe. Our favorites are bacon and crab Rangoon's, sweet fried shrimp, shrimp and avocado egg rolls, kimchi burger and the wings. Basically, everything is amazing. Order a bunch of appetizers and share!Pork Belly Tacos, Lemongrass Chicken Vermicelli, Spicy Beef Pho and a Bloody Sriracha. Do it. Thank me later.Great Place!!! Very modern!!! My wife enjoyed her Pho and I was especially looking forward to the sizzling hot plate w/ beef and eggs and French bread and pate and butter!!! And I was not disappointed!!!! I will definitely be back when I'm in the area again!! Thanks for the meal!!!The service is HORRIBLE!!! Server added 20% gratuity on our check without our consent and there are only three of us. We planned to let it go, but even worse, they tax on the gratuity! I dont what they think, but it is very unrespectful and stupid. The food is also getting less and less. Would never recommend any friend to go again.Cute little place, nice atmosphere. I ordered a grilled pork vermicelli and the noodles were cold, no brownie points there. The pork and flavor were on point though. Overall, I wasn't impressed.LOVE me some Vietnamese food!  Spring rolls and peanut sauce were divine. Nice employees, cool place, and just gorgeous food!Absolutely awesome, thanks. First time here and I would come again, this is a great place. Service was fabulous, and food as wellThe Pho was very good. The broth itself was fantastic- the chicken appeared to be lunchmeat. Maybe that's how all Pho is, I don't know, but I was expecting something better. But the soup itself made it alright. I'd absolutely go back.Nice addition to the neighborhood, but I'm surprised to see so many gushing reviews. Not kid friendly at all, they have no kids menu and offered one off-menu option (chicken wings with fries). My kids love pho and noodle bowls, but it hits the wallet pretty hard. Overall, good to very good food; okay to bad service (slow, inconsistent/chaotic, but friendly) and very loud.I love trying new places and this place is a great addition to Freret st! I can't wait to come back and try the more "modern" menu items. I had the egg roll noodle bowl tonight and it was really tasty!  The atmosphere was nice and service was great.I went here with my sister about a week or so ago and was pleasantly surprised.  A lot of these Vietnamese fusion restaurants are popping up all over the place, but the common problem with a lot of them is that they are so Americanized that the dishes don't have enough authentic Vietnamese flavor.
This isn't the case at Mint.  Although the menu is pretty much entirely in English (I wish they had the items in Vietnamese too)  the food here is jam-packed with authentic Vietnamese flavor with beautiful presentation.
For appetizer, we ordered the pork belly taco which is a seared pork belly served with pickled vegetables and fresh herbs atop a flat steamed bun.  Yum!!!  I would definitely order this again.
My sister and I each had the pho ga kho as our entree.  I LOVED the presentation of this meal.  The meal comes out on one large plate with the pho noodles and chicken in one bowl, the vinaigrette (I think?) dressing in a little dish, and the broth in another rice-sized bowl.  It was the first time I've ever eaten pho ga this way, and boy was it good!!  To eat, you toss the noodles and chicken with the dressing.  If you feel it is too dry like this on its own,  you can add some broth.  (I liked it as is).  A word of caution!!  After eating this dish, you may feel just the right amount of fullness, but after drinking water, the noodles will expand, and you will feel very very full!!
I didn't order anything from the bar, but they seemed to have a huge selection.  I'd definitely come here again if I were in the area.I really enjoyed the food here. I tried the bahn Nu burger and the pork belly taco.
Pork belly taco - served with some veggie in a sweet white bun (like the ones you eat with Peking duck). I highly recommend this.
Bahn mi burger was good. Definitely worth a try.
I want to come back and try the lemon grass vermicelli and the kimchi burger.My go to place to eat whenever I don't feel like cooking dinner which is about 3 times a week. I'm a huge fan of the pho chicken and any of their vermicelli bowls.I hate to be this guy but I'm pissed. I'm almost 30 years old and I've never written a negative review on a restaurant. Tonight, I was running errands after work and hadn't had a chance to eat since breakfast. I attempted to call to place a pick-up order several times but got a busy signal. After the 5th time it finally rang once and was answered "please hold". Silence. Now it's a Friday night so I assume they are busy. No big deal right? While on hold, I went into Petco, got dog food, then got gas and realized I was still on hold. 15 minutes. So I hang up and try to call back, busy signal. So I say screw it and drive there. I walk up to the bar and they aren't busy at all 3 4tops and a 3 top with 3 servers, a runner and a bartender. So I see the phone sitting on the bar and call while standing there. Busy signal. The server- Thuy, asks me if she can help me. Now I know from being in the industry that being an asshole isn't going to get me anywhere but they should be aware of the issue because they are losing business. So I explain to her what I just told you and continue to tell her that this is the third time in two weeks that it has happened. Her response was "okay well I don't know where the phone is, do you want me to take your order?" As if she could care less that the phone may be off the hook. I bit my lip and ordered. A few minutes later, I see the bartender, grab the phone without looking, press the end button and set it back down. After he put me on hold, he purposely took the phone off the hook. I began to boil but kept my mouth shut. This place is a block away and the food is decent so my fiancé and I go almost every week. But not after tonight. Instead we will go to Bahn Mi. I hope the owner sees this so they get their ish together.Um, YUM! We have been wanting to try this place for a while... There's always a wait though & my man is quite impatient. We decided to wait this time. So glad we did. The food is great and the place is so cute. It's a bit congested inside & getting a table is a bit of a cluster, but once ya get past that and start eating - yay! We'll definitely be back for more.Best Vietnamese in New Orleans. Clean, friendly, consistent. Literally everything is great from the spring rolls to the vermicelli bowls to the cocktails. Lychee mojito is perfect afternoon treat!!One of my favorites in town!
I've tried almost everything on the menu... and love it alllllll! 
These are my favorite dishes:
*Starters 
Shrimp and Pork Rolls
Pork Belly Tacos
STICKY CHICKEN WINGS
*Soups
Wonton Soup
Pho Brisket add Meatballs
Tofu & Tomato Pho
*Entrees
Lemongrass Chicken and Fried Rice (it comes with white rice so you'd have to sub it)
Seasoned Noodles & Chicken (Pho Ga Co)
Mint Moon Crepe (Banh Xeo)
Chicken and Waffles
*Dessert 
Pandan Waffle with a Scoop of Red Bean Ice Cream
*Drinks 
Lychee Mule ------ something new and I LOVEEE it!
This sounds like a lot, but I promise you won't be disappointed! 
For starters, I picked my three favorite but if I had to pick one, it'd be the sticky chicken wings! You must try how amazing it taste - fresh crispy fried chicken drizzled with this sweet teriyaki glaze and spicy mayo (sometimes I like to sriracha for another dimension of favor). 
For soups, you can't go wrong with pho - especially to cure a hangover! I first had the tofu and tomato pho during lent season and didn't expect to like it, but I did. The broth in both has really good favor so you can tell they put some love in their pho! 
For entrees, the most popular and my favorite is the Lemongrass Chicken - flavor, flavor, flavor! Most of the time sub the white rice for brown rice, but sometimes I treat myself and sub it for their deluxe fried rice! The Seasoned Noodles & Chicken is my go-to as well. It's basically the reverse of a chicken pho! You get a small bowl of broth on the side, so you can sip it in between eat bite. The bowl of noodles and sliced chicken is topped with lettuce and fried shallots/onion. There's a small sauce on the side (of soy sauce/sesame) that you can mix in your bowl to your likings. 
For dessert, pandan waffle and red bean ice cream! If you don't like red bean, don't knock it til' you try it! The green tea ice cream taste just as good. Warm waffles and ice cream, mMm. You can't beat that. 
For drinks, they have CHAMANGO smoothie! It's soooo good - you get: the tamarid candy straw, cubes of frozen mango, and apricot syrupy goodness! 
My experiences here have always been great. The food is delicious and made with some mad love. Sometimes they are super busy so be patient because the food is worth it! I heard they're adding some new items to the menu and I can't wait to try them. Highly Recommended!!As a new resident of the Freret neighborhood myself I decided to check out my equally new neighbor Mint Modern. The restaurant is like a small bistro, about ten to fifteen tables depending how many large parties are seated and two bar top areas that seat about ten each. I dined at the bar and was pleasantly surprised by the unique menu and extensive cocktail and beer list.
For my app I had bacon and crab rangoons which were delicious. Can't really go wrong. So many other things I wanted to try though!!! The menu was so unique and interesting I think I could actually convince my pickier eating boyfriend to come with me! My entree was the spicy beef soup which hit the spot on this cold day although I must say it wasn't really that spicy until I added my own hefty dose of sriracha to it. 
The servers were a little frantic but I could tell they were trying their best. Never did get my water refilled though :(
Overall would recommend and am definitely planning to come back.This place rocks! The wife and I stopped in for lunch after reading some good reviews in a local magazine. They use all fresh ingredients and have a cool uptown vibe to boot. 
The Pho is not my thing however the wife loved it here. (Pho Mint Combo)... I did the lemon grass chicken and it was amazing. The have a ton of other great fusion dishes that we will definitely try next go round (Chicken and waffles ... Def a fusion must try). Also if your a fan of real coconut juice you have to try theirs, it is served with coconut meat in bottom of glass... Super refreshing and delicious on a hot day.Really great food and wonderful service! Great atmosphere as well. The chicken and green tea waffles were an especially interesting and delicious infusion of southern and Vietnamese cuisine.Wow!! I must say I'm very pleasantly surprised! With so many Vietnamese restaurants opening, you start to expect a lot from each new one. I came with a couple of friends tonight and shared several dishes (which is honestly the best way to do it to get a sample of the menu in one sitting).  We shared the pork belly and oxtail buns and sticky chicken wings to start off and the combination pho (brisket, steak, and meatballs), lemongrass chicken and rice, shaken steak and rice, wonton soup, Kim chi burger with sweet potato fries, and the steak and eggs for our entrees.  We weren't the biggest fans of the buns, but everything else was fantastic!  And it's quite rare for us to like so many dishes during a first visit at any new restaurant, so we were all thoroughly impressed.  The pho broth was delicious!! I'm pretty darn picky when it comes to pho, but Mint makes it very flavorful; it doesn't necessitate the addition of many condiments.  Both the shaken steak and lemongrass chicken were very tender and, again, very flavorful.  We enjoyed the Kim chi burger, but just a little more cooked for my taste.  The sweet potato fries were perfect though!!    If I had to choose my two favorite dishes, it would have to be the pho and the lemongrass chicken. YUM!  Definitely coming back for that.
Mint has a very eclectic decor: a mix of different textures and styles.  I was trying to find a common theme, but "eclectic" was the best I can describe it.  The service was great.  Very timely and efficient.  
Overall, we all had an awesome first experience and will definitely be back to try more dishes!  Happy to see uptown with another quality Vietnamese restaurant.Have had a few good meals here.  Sometimes service is slow when they are slammed, but they get it done.  food is great.  nice addition to the street.Unassuming low key place with a full bar and Vietnamese fare. The traditional Pho was pretty good. The rice vermicelli with grilled pork and egg roll was really yummy. We also had the pork Banh Mi which was also tasty. All in all a pretty good dinner choice. Best of all bill for 4 was $55 (with no drinks).Pretty good food but consistently poor service. They also do a very bad job with to go orders. Food orders have been mixed up multiple times and the pho is always placed in a brown paper bag with the bottom soaking from spoilage. Again, good quality food but they need to work on the basics!I drove 20 min to find this place because all of the other pho places around my apartment were closed on Sunday. It was well worth the drive. 
It's street parking only, so be prepared to have to walk a bit from your car if you are coming during peak hours. 
The decor is contemporary. It's not your typical Vietnamese restaurant. It was also very packed. I was alone, so I sat at the bar. 
It took about 5 minutes to get served at the bar because they were so busy. However, once I was served, the food came really quickly. 
I had the pork belly tacos and the spicy beef pho. Both were amazing. The tacos had so much flavor, and the beef was so tender in the pho. The pricing is pretty on par with most of the places around the city. $9-$10 for a nice big bowl of pho, and $5 for the tacos. 
I've been to about 7-8 different Vietnamese restaurants around the city, and this place is towards the top of my list. 
I will be back....with some friends.The kids love the sticky wings
I love the steak pho 
All the appetizers are good
Iced coffee good
Atmosphere GOOOD
Prices good40 minute ticket time on a call-in order with a 15 minute estimate. No apology. I get that you're busy, just be honest about it.Nice find near Tulane. We had three items: fried eggrolls, Pho (sirloin) and Lemongrass Bahn Mi. All were really tasty and I'm hard to please when it comes to Vietnamese restaurants. The portions were rather large and that's not a bad thing. The space is well decorated and the service was totally fine.I get Mint at LEAST once a week, and they always have my pickup order ready within 15 minutes. Even when I was running late one time, they stayed after closing with my food warm and my drink in the fridge for me. The food is great and affordable, and the customer service is top notch. 10/10 would recommend to a friendMy new favorite place for pho. The other food here is good, e.g. tacos and the buns. The pho they make pretty well and I judge based on the broth and the proportions of the ingredients. They don't overdo the amount of noodle in the soup as well. The meat is fresh and I found that only a very little amount hoisin or sriracha sauce is needed, which keeps the simple flavor of the soup true throughout. Also, Mint has a very modern look and feel, as they self-titled. The combination pho is my favorite.I have eaten here 3 times this month. The com bo luc lac (it's a different name on the menu) is awesome and the prices are fair. I ordered the pho today. The meat did not taste cheap like most Vietnamese restaurants today. I expected the bowl of pho to be small since that's what a lot of these "hip pho restaurants" are doing now and days, but it came out to be really decent portion. The egg rolls are also good. You can add 2 egg rolls to your meal for just $2. It comes with duck sauce. Not a fan of duck sauce, but if you really like egg rolls, you should eat them plain. Service was good. The restaurant is nice and clean.I come here to eat pho special every week. All the servers are nice and helpful. Joe is always chilled and easy going. Food wise, the broth is quite clear yet a bit on the plain side. The portions are very satisfying. The Vietnamese sandwich （meat lover）are on par with some of the best I've tasted. Nothing goes wrong with it. Overall, a decent place to meet your desire for Vietnamese food.A wonderful vegetarian option.  We loved the veggie phone and split a respectable tofu bahn mi.  Oo.  don't miss the avocado rolls.Nice bistro on Foody Street aka Freret Street.  Clean industrial feel and a friendly bar. 
We just had takeout. The pork tacos were great. Nice strong and sweet flavors with banh mi veggies. My wife had vermicelli pork noodles and had the same delicious reaction. I had lemongrass chicken with vermicelli and it lacked zing. It was fine but lacked strong flavors. I might try it again and see if it was different.Great food and great service. Do yourself a favor and order the spicy beef soup. Definitely make a trip over here. Restaurant is clean and the staff know the menu well. Wonderful experience, i am coming back tomorrow.Came here for lunch with a few of my friends and was pleasantly surprised by how great the food was and the size of the portions. I order the spicy beef pho while my friend ordered a curry dish that I didn't know Vietnamese even had and a Bahn Mi. My soup was very good but the curry dish was outstanding, definitely something I would love to have for myself next time I go. The vietnamese poboy bread was perfect. All in all this was a wonderful dining experience at a good value. I will be back. PS the mango smoothie with the tapioca balls is great.The food is so good and reasonably priced. The only thing is that the service is very slow.lousy service. Make us waiting for 20 minutes until got served. and have compulsory tips. undesirable experience！I love the pho in Mint! Much brisket and the price is great! Delicious! I also used to try the rice here, the food is fresh and it really yummy! Pho becomes the dinner cook for me!This is the second day in a row I've come here to eat.  I travel from across town because the food is so good! My go to place for Vietnamese food in Nola!  Great food and drinks!  Staff is friendly and the bartender makes the best drinks.  Prices are reasonable and you get a lot of food.  You will bring home a doggie bag.  
I started with a blueberry caipirinha & shrimp and avocado rolls.  The best in town.Ok food. Bad attitude...  Sat here for 20 mins, and didn't even know who our server was. No one even came to ask if we need water... The restaurant was only half full at the time. :)I really feel like I need to give Mint a solid 3 stars. Because I think it is just that - 3 stars.
A review recently came out that suggested Mint should stick to the "Vietnamese" cuisine as opposed to the "modern" that's also in their name. I completely disagree. The more traditional Vietnamese dishes were... flops. The egg rolls were almost inedible. No flavor, terrible texture, super watery peanut sauce. Blech.
However, the fried chicken and waffles? Yes, please! The Kim-chi Burger? Another!! This was all so good. The flavors were modern yet very Vietnamese inspired. 
The atmosphere inside is beautiful - such a great renovation. Service was fine, nothing bad.Kim Chi burger was enormous and excellent. Lemon grass chicken baguette is full of flavor,  perfect for lunch. One of the best sandwiches I've had in a while. Too hot for pho, today. I'll have to try it in the fall. Service was slow, but friendly enough. Will be back.O M G the lemongrass chicken vermicelli is delicious!  The flavors are perfect!  The pork belly taco was amazing as well.  I found a new fave for Vietnamese food!This place has a very nice atmosphere. Especially if you need a place to just eat & relax after a long working day. Both my bf & I enjoyed the food there. I highly recommend trying their Vietnamese pork tacos and the sizzling steak & eggs. We would definitely come back really soon.The pork belly steamed buns are amazing, best I've had. The pho, bahn mi, and fresh rolls are good too. I love all the use of fresh herbs. Decent beer selection. The prices are fair and the service is alright. It's definitely my favorite lunch spot on Freret St., just wish they were open on Mondays!A group of friends from work had a taste for vietnamese. Our normal go to is Bai Chi but they were closed so we decided to give Mint a shot. I ordered the pork belly bacos and the grilled shrimp rice dish with a fried egg. Everything was really good. The food tasted fresh and light. The only reason they didnt recieve 5 stars is bc service was slow for some reason..we were a bit late getting back to work. They r worth a return visit tho.I drove 20 min to find this place because all of the other pho places around my apartment were closed on Sunday. It was well worth the drive. 
It's street parking only, so be prepared to have to walk a bit from your car if you are coming during peak hours. 
The decor is contemporary. It's not your typical Vietnamese restaurant. It was also very packed. I was alone, so I sat at the bar. 
It took about 5 minutes to get served at the bar because they were so busy. However, once I was served, the food came really quickly. 
I had the pork belly tacos and the spicy beef pho. Both were amazing. The tacos had so much flavor, and the beef was so tender in the pho. The pricing is pretty on par with most of the places around the city. $9-$10 for a nice big bowl of pho, and $5 for the tacos. 
I've been to about 7-8 different Vietnamese restaurants around the city, and this place is towards the top of my list. 
I will be back....with some friends.I had high expectations for this place, but it fell short.  We started with the wontons which were pretty typical. They weren't spectacular but that's not to say that I still didn't enjoy them.  The boyfriend got the pork and egg roll vermicelli dish, which again, seemed pretty average.  I got the banh mi burger, and I felt that there was no real flavor that set it apart.  Disappointing because I thought the pickled vegetables would brighten it up.  The fries were delicious however. I don't know what their seasoning is but i like it!Pork belly tacos.
Do yourself a favor and get them.
Vietnamese pork tacos. 
Do yourself a favor and get them. 
That's all I ate and I have no ragrats. Little sister had the kimchi burger which smelled yummy! She said it was a little salty but it's kimchi so it's to be expected. Her friend got the fried rice which was good too. Fried rice is fried rice but I'll would order it again from Mint! Waitress was great, she checked up on us and brought out drinks and food out right away - which is a big plus for me. 
Our server, Julie, was like our very own butler! Food is top notch, service is top notch! I would come here again most definitely!I went on a Saturday night.  There was plenty of staff standing around but they looked very confused about where to sit us (party of two) and who was going to serve us.  After being seated we waited a while to order drinks and food.  Service and management should be improved.
I ordered the spicy beef soup (Bun Bo Hue) and my friend ordered the Pho (Mint combo).  The BBH was served with a side of hot chili peppers mash that I could adjust the heat level to my liking.  The broth was spicy, murky, flavorful.  I was not disappointed by the food.  My friend said her pho broth was okay but she's had better elsewhere.  
All in all, Mint deserves a try for everyone.  It is modern and clean and a fresh atmosphere to present Vietnamese food without compromising on the flavors.We picked up pho from mint and it was only ok. Magazine and Namese are better. They do give you a ton of meat in the soup, which is nice, but the broth was just not very good - very fatty and broken.Stopped in last Friday night - great surprise! New favorite Vietnamese. I love the lent menu - we had shrimp spring rolls, shrimp & curry with bread, and a shrimp vermicelli bowl. Everything was spot-on, especially the shrimp curry. Good prices, nice decor, great service - nothing negative to say!Tried this place bc I was craving some pho and my boyfriend is obsessed with Vietnamese food. We were excited to have a new place uptown for Vietnamese bc we usually venture to Kenner for some good pho. 
Atmosphere-wise...ehh. The place was a little too bright and too loud for a Sunday night crowd. 
We tried the egg rolls as an appetizer- they were pretty delicious (served with fish sauce). Then tried pho and banh mi as entrees. Banh mi was good. Meatlovers pho just wasn't as good as we were expecting. Being picky pho eaters, we would probably try something else if we go back. Overall, good but not great.Perching food, chill ambiance, HORRIBLE service, it makes me angry and my food doesn't taste as goodIt was vvv good....And I like their vegetarian options....Gud bubble teas too...........WOW!!! Amazing spicy  vegan options! Highly enjoyed our meal! Avocado rolls and mushroom rolls for starters followed by the lemongrass tofu rice plate and the veggie sate - skipped the fish sauce they came with but there was already so much flavor! Ended the meal with a mango smoothie! Yummmm!!!Great food, great decor, great environment, and even better service! Our waitress, Pamela, was super sweet and attentive! We'll def return, esp as westbankers (Algiers)!!This was my first time eating Vietnamese food, and it could not have been better. My roommate and I had been eyeing this place for a while and finally decided to try it once it started raining last night. We went to Mint with three friends and everyone had an amazing time. I got the Spicy Beef Soup which was heavenly and everyone at the table would steal from me. I highly recommend this restaurant!I'e eaten here before, but this is my first review. This time I had the Grilled mushroom rolls with the Lime chicken rice dish. It was kind of spicy and good. Well cooked. I recommend the Mint if your ever in the uptown area.Loved this place, food and services were great. We had a group of 5 and we were seated straight away, waitress  was very attentive and friendly. 
I had the chicken and lemon grass which was very nice. Everyone was very happy with all their meals. Fairly priced as well.My friend decided to go eat at Mint today and I have always heard of Mint Modern so I always wanted to come try this place out. So today is my first time trying out Mint modern. 
Our waitress was nice, friendly & really pretty. She came to check on us about the food, refilled our drinks and talked to us in the end when one of our friend didn't finished his food. I forgot what he ordered though, sorry about that. We ordered two orders of the pork belly tacos, two orders of sticky wings and two orders of sweet fried shrimp (I think that's what it's called) for appetizers. The appetizers were amazingly good. Pork belly tacos were on point, the wings were good & HOT, and I'm not too fond of shrimp, but that shrimp was good. Also, the sauce for the shrimp was delicious. 
For the entrees,we ordered the Sizzle Beef steak & eggs, Kim chi burger, lemongrass chicken & the shaken beef. Everything was great. My friends said their food were good and they are all of it. So, going back to my friend who didn't finish his food. He ordered something with noodles & soup, but the noodles were way too cooked so it was soft and kept breaking apart each time he picked it up. However, he did say that the broth and everything else was good.I have dined at this restaurant many times, but an finally getting around to doing a review.  Beginning with the apps, I have sample every app, at one time or another, and they are all spot-on.  My favorite is the crab ragoon, which is the best I have ever tasted.  Regarding entrees, my usuals are the combination pho and the variety of vermicelli bowls.  They're pho broth was excellent.  I would put it in the top tier with Doung Phoug, Tan Dinh, and Pho Tau Bay.  
The one area that is in need of improvement is the limited menu.  I would love to see some bacos or some other Vietnamese fusion items.
With serious competition in the New Orleans Vietnamese cuisine realm, this restaurant continues to stand fiercely competitive.I had terrible customer service when ordering delivery through doordash. I payed for a vermicelli bowl with egg rolls but only received egg rolls. When I called the staff, they said it wasn't their problem it was doordash's.UPDATE!! I am changing from a one to a three star review because service has become EXCELLENT. Pho is good - Magasin Cafe is still better. 
One bad experience on a hectic night is understandable, but our most recent visit sealed the deal. 
The staff is non-communicative, if not downright rude, and because my order took THREE TIMES as long as promised, I was able to witness how badly managed and chaotic their staff truly behaves. 
The food is bland at best. Go to Ba Chi instead.Always a smiling face when you go here, excellent customer service!  Joe the bartender is the best!  Wonderful atmosphere!  I love all of the tofu dishes!!! A must place to visit!Very well designed, good food, great prices.  We had the chicken vermicelli bowl which was much better seasoned than Magasin.This is my go to take out when I don't feel like cooking and get a craving for Vietnamese. It doesn't feel too heavy and tastes great. You definitely get your money's worth. Dinner for less than $10?! I always get the Lemongrass Tofu vermicelli bowl (vegetarian) and the avocado rolls are delicious!!!The service is completely horrible. Waitstaff seem uninterested in providing any service. Multiple tables continue to need busing.I really enjoyed the food here. I recommend the pork belly taco.
Pork belly taco - served with some veggie in a sweet white bun (like the ones you eat with Peking duck). I highly recommend this.
Bahn mi burger was good. Definitely worth a try.
Lemon grass vermicelli was good. I wanted a bit meow vegetables in it.
Kimchi burger was awesome. I got mine medium rare, it was really juicy and mixed really well with the kimchi. However, I thought the sweet potato fries were too salty.I have really loved this place over the past four years, its been so easy to visit with my 8 year old boy. They have always messed up our to-go orders but not with anything we didn't end up eating and liking. We live about 3 blocks away so its pretty often. However, the last two times we've had a chubby white guy who is a terrible server. He never brings all the stuff, cleans his tables in a timely way even when customers are sitting between two dirty tables, doesn't bring water or pay attention in any way shape or form. In fact, this time, he was just eating by the bar for a half hour. Unacceptable. I've waited tables for many years and this is just disgusting. The girls don't do it, they refill waters and check in. The other servers and the bartender have always been great so if you are solo or a couple its a great place to sit at bar.Today was my first time trying this place. The food was soooooo good and fresh. The service was excellent and the food was a great price. You must try the appetizer fried shrimp.This place is awesome. Great service, great food and finally, a restaurant that offers some variety in its Vietnamese menu.Tried this place for dinner last night and enjoyed the food. Called at 6:30 to make a reservation at 7pm for 2 without a problem.  The food was great! My friend said she probably prefers it to magasin, which is also a great Vietnamese spot on Magazine St. We shared the avocado rolls and I had the fried chicken and green waffle, and she had the vermicelli bowl, all of which was great and I would definitely go back. They seem to be understaffed though as service was quite slow. Everyone seemed to be running around frantically, bumping into chairs and tables at times. Even the hostess took on bus boy and waitress duties.Wow! First time here last night and I cannot wait to go back!
We stormed in here with very little time to spare. (Pho is always a good idea if you need to eat delicious food and get the hell out of dodge). 
We were seated immediately. Placed an order within five minutes. I told the waitress we were in a hurry. 
Five minutes later....lemon pepper chicken vermicelli! Veggie pho! Both delicious and incredibly filling. The chicken was insanely good, and the light dressing they bring with it is superb. I put the credit card down while we were still shoveling the food in our faces and Wam! Bam! Thank youuuuuu Ma'am! We were in and out in 20 minutes! 
Seriously, though. This place is nice! Great ambience, good for small groups, kids (if they are so inclined), dates, girls night out....really just an all around nice place to be.Mint always hits the spot. It is home to the best burger in Nola - the Kimchi burger. Better than cowbell, company, port of call, or whatever strikes your fancy. Everything is has always been great. The sizzling beef and egg is delicious. And everything is affordable. An app and two entrée for two people is about 35.Everything was perfect! Staffs are super friendly and warming! 
Appetizers:(1.)the wings,cook beautifully! Hot and flavorful! Presentations looked really nice&editable. (2.)pork belly taco! Omg it is a MUST get! Absolutely wonderful!!!& they're not greedy with their meat portions either!
Entrees:(1.)steak&eggs w/bread is a great combo and yet so yummy all at the same time!!! (2.)spicy beef noodles,the coloring is on point!so is the flavor!(3.)shaking beef w/rice&eggs was just right and cook beautifully!over all this might be my top Vietnamese restaurant!!!!This place has pretty good Vietnamese food. The sweet fried shrimp was delicious.  I also had the shrimp vermicelli bowl which was fresh and tasty. The ambiance here is casual nice little spot. They have a full bar and the staff is pretty friendly. I would definitely go backHaven't really had the chance to try out an entree but when I was here the staff is welcoming and fun. I ordered the wings and to my surprise they were SOOO GOOD! I chased each bite with a sip of the mangonado! I will be back to try other meals.I really enjoyed the food here. I tried the bahn Mi burger and the pork belly taco.
Pork belly taco - served with some veggie in a sweet white bun (like the ones you eat with Peking duck). I highly recommend this.
Bahn mi burger was good. Definitely worth a try.
I want to come back and try the lemon grass vermicelli and the kimchi burger.The food here goes to show there is definitely a Vietnamese chef in the kitchen. Pho was perfect, Vermicelli was perfect, and rolls were perfect. The decor of the place was also nicely done.Tried the chicken wings here and they were perfectly crispy, hot, and juicy! The sauce on them was perfectly tangy and sweet as well. The pho combo was delicious and a great portion for the price. I had enough to take home. The great music and atmosphere was a plus too!I don't often choose Vietnamese restaurants when going out to eat, but if I do, mint modern is one of my top choices. The restaurant is a little small and seating is limited, so when you walk in you kind of awkwardly stand there until seated. I'm pretty sure I've liked everything I tried here. For starters, the sticky wings are a MUST! They come out crispy and hot with some delicious sauces I'm not sure of, but hey it's good so I'm not one to complain! The spring rolls & baos are pretty standard to me and taste good nonetheless. As far as drinks, the mangonada or chamango is a MUST!! It's a mango smoothie with fresh mango chunks on top, garnished with chamoy sauce and I believe tajin seasoning. You also get a tamarind candy straw. It's the perfect blend of sweet, tart and spicy. If this isn't your cup of tea, they also have lots of options for bubble tea, a full bar, and the standard sodas and teas. Entrees include traditional banh mi's, vermicelli bowls, rice dishes, pho, etc. Some specials include the sizzling steak & eggs which comes with side of baguette, kimchi burger, chicken & waffles! I've had it all and none of the dishes honestly disappoint. I'm a rice type of gal so my favorite is the rice with either beef ribs or lemongrass chicken. It comes with white rice but you can sub for fried rice or brown rice, side of fish sauce, pickled veggies and do yourself a favor and add fried egg! The popping yolk on rice is soooo good. Food comes out pretty quickly and I've never had a problem with service even when they're busy. The vibes are casual and the decor actually looks pretty elegant. Give mint modern a try! It'll definitely become a regular spot for yaThis is another modern Vietnamese restaurant that has popped up in New Orleans; these restaurants seem to be pretty trendy here. The food and menu here aren't quite authentic, but the food is still tasty. Don't expect the food to be homey, mom's kitchen type of fare, and you won't be disappointed.  I went with a group of friends and we were pretty indecisive and took a long time to order, but the waitress was still patient with us. I split the pork belly tacos for an appetizer and had the kimchi burger for my entree. The tacos and burger were both good. The "tacos" are equivalent to what other places are calling "sliders:" peking duck buns stuffed with pork belly and garnished with carrots and cilantro. The sweet potato fries that come with the burger have some sort of salt and pepper seasoning which was really good. The burger is pretty heavy and messy, so be warned! 
I think Mint is definitely one of the best Vietnamese places in NOLA; I would definitely rank it above Lilly's cafe, Pho Bistreaux and Magasin. I like that the menu is more creative here, with the chicken and waffles and burgers. It's also a big space, which I imagine would make it less hectic during peak hours (that's what drives me crazy about Magasin - it's too small!). Prices are average here, running about $9-$10 for entrees and $4-6 for appetizers.This place is legit. We walked in at 8 on a Wednesday night and it was packed. We got the shrimp and avocado roll (served with peanut dipping sauce) and a pork belly roll to start. We each got a pho, one veggie and one spicy beef. Everything was amazing. We might go back tomorrow again for lunch.Solid pho offerings and other specialty bites. I like the meatball pho the best and find the atmosphere modern but warm. Great place for a cold day, girlfriend lunch.This place has really good fusion food. My love is in the Kim chi burger with sweet potatoes fries. It has good flavor and the Kim chi does not overpower the burger. The Pho here is really good too! The place has a very modern vibe to it. The staff are very friendly. All in all a really good place to try.After reading glowing reviews for the place, I simply had to try it myself. A date night with the bf led to some disappointment. I got the idea that the atmosphere here would be more on the romantic side but it wasn't at all. It's more of a bar and grill with a vietnamese flare rather than a restaurant I can take seriously. Too loud, overcrowded and kinda dirty--if I wanted that I would elsewhere! The food, too, was a letdown. I had the steak and veggies rice entree and him the shrimp. After, again, reading nothing but glowing reviews on this place I found the taste of it all to be really sub-par. Nothing special, no complaints about the preparation but the flavor just really didn't have me rolling on the floor in delight. To be fair, I'm a bit new to the vietnamese food scene, but regardless, food should always be delicious and here it most certainly wasn't. The only exception is their Pandan waffle which we had we red bean ice cream. Very delicious, perfectly sweet with the red bean flavor on top to compliment it. It could have used some whip cream, but that's my two cents.My favorite Vietnamese place in New Orleans. I like the mix of traditional and modern cuisine. The portions of pho are pretty big, and the pho/vermicelli dishes here are a lot better than they are at other Vietnamese places in New Orleans in my opinion. This is one spot that I would be at almost every week when I lived there because I liked it so much. Definitely worth a try, especially the pho/vermicelli dishes.Yum! I love a good bowl of Pho and this place does it right!
I met a friend here for lunch and was excited to add another place to my "NOLA Pho" list. We started with a plate of the pork tacos. The pork was tender, tasty and delicious. It was cooked in a typical Vietnamese fashion and it was quite tasty.
I also decided to the "combo" pho which comes packed with New York strip, brisket and meatballs. WOW. This was such a delectable bowl! They were not stingy with the meat at all and the entire serving was huge! The broth held a lot of flavor and didn't leave the meat to do all of the "flavor" work (as it sometimes does).
The atmosphere here is pretty casual. We stopped in late on a Saturday afternoon and there were only a few other people in the place. Unlike some other Vietnamese places, Mint serves alcohol and even has a happy hour Tuesday through Saturday.
I will definitely return to Mint for a tasty bowl and some apps!A Must Try awesome people and great food. Chicken and waffle "So GooD MaKe U WaNnA sLaP yA MaMa"Food is pretty good, staff is incompetent. It's unfortunate because the place has a cool vibe and the concept it cool.This is a particular kind of Vietnamese experience - I agree with other reviewers who have noted it's lack of authenticity, but I kind of like that about it. It's mild, but reasonably priced and has great service. The bubble drinks are fun, the spicy beef soup is yummy - just ask for extra heat and they'll give you some great house hot sauce.Add to the list of terrific places on Freret Street to have a nice lunch:
The baguettes that they have here are delicious.  My fav's are the grilled beef and also BBQ Pork.  Delicious!
Their appetizers are also very tasty.
My GF always gets some sort of noodle dish which are also positively endorsed.
Has a nice clean tight appearance inside.We went to Mint about 6:15 on a Wednesday and it was packed. Soon discovered why, the food is very good. 
Started off with shrimp avocado spring rolls, mint special rolls,and pork belly tacos. All 3 were very good , my favorite were the pork belly tacos. 
the moon crepe was very good as was the grilled shrimp and the Mint combo pho. The pho had lots of meat and the broth was very good. A nice dining experience and the restaurant gets very loud when its full. Service was good and our server did a great job even though the restaurant was full. Value was good as well.  Glad to see all the wonderful dining options on Freret Street.Amazing prices for stellar food. I tried the pork and shrimp vermicelli bowls. Very generous meat portions with excellent seasoning, lots of veggie toppings too. The shrimp and pork rolls are very fresh with the best peanut sauce I have ever tasted. I also had the Vietnamese coffee which was freshly pressed and absolutely delish. Great variety on the menu. Definitely coming back here.The pork belly steamed buns are amazing, best I've had. The pho, bahn mi, and fresh rolls are good too. I love all the use of fresh herbs. Decent beer selection. The prices are fair and the service is good. It's definitely my favorite lunch spot on Freret St., just wish they were open on Mondays!
I tried something new, the crispy hen rice dish...it was awesome!! But, the pork belly buns are definitely one of my most favorite foods ever, gotta get them every time!Food is delicious but the service is super slow. Don't bother with the cocktails as they are overpriced and syrupy. This place gets crowded around 6pm so get there before then, if you can.Sticky chicken wings is a must. Rice with crispy hen is recommended. Grilled pork bun worth trying. Do not understand why panda waffle is green, looks unsavory but tastes not bad. When you order rice, you can exchange white rice for fried rice, much more tasty.Really enjoyed the pho. Service was a bit slow, but they were kind. Also really liked the tapioca smoothies!i been to mint modern twice now and its pretty cool there. the atmosphere is nice, very modern-like decor. the lemongrass chicken with vermicelli was good. i've never had the pho yet, surprisingly, bc i always order pho, but my friend who had dinner recently with me said it was good. the porkbelly bun was good. nice and hot, pork belly was crispy and just melts in your mouth with every bite. it was an okay experience to be honest. shoutout to the chef, jason, coolest dude ever!The menu is pretty extensive for such a small place.  We had the Vietnamese tacos, fried chicken and waffle, and New York strip steak pho.  All were delicious, but the pho was the best.  
They had a good wine, cocktail, and beer list as well.  I ordered the lush cocktail, and it was okay.  The cocktail was a little pricey in comparison to the rest of the menu, but it was high in alcohol content.
The only downside to this place is the noise level.  It's REALLY loud when the restaurant is full, and the tables are really close together.  We practically sat on top of a drunk table of six, which is unfortunate, even though there were other tables available.I had the lemongrass chicken vermicelli.  Spicy and really perfectly seasoned.  More fish sauce please!  The chicken wasn't dry and rubbery as you typically find with this dish.  I ordered the grilled pork rolls.  They're fresh rolls with grilled pork and they come with fish sauce.  Great!  I tried a fried egg roll with pork.  These were some of the best I have ever had.  I also tried a fried chicken wing.  These came with a couple sauces and were just plain unbelievable.   Crispy and impossible to stop eating.  
The food here is creative and thoughtful even though sometimes uneven. Nice menu and good service.Good basic Viet with no frills and priced right for the nearby Colleges. Nothing over the top but a good vibe and energy. Crowds come quick.Mint Modern is my go-to place for Vietnamese lunches near campus. I love the ambiance of the restaurant and although the restaurant is small, it never feels too crowded. That staff are also so friendly and service is fairly fast. Our server was exceptional today. Although it was super packed when we arrived, our service was quick and he took he time to get to know us.
I've tried a few of their dishes before and they're usually pretty great. Today I wasn't all that hungry so I got the fried tofu steamed buns and the grilled shrimp steamed buns. The tofu buns were average, the sauce gave it some flavor but it was simple and pretty filling. My favorite has to be the shrimp buns. The butterflied shrimp was coated in the perfect amount of flavor. Both of the buns had a very light sweetness that complimented the fillings. I was extremely happy to see that they did not skip out on the carrots and cilantro that were in the buns. I'll probably get the shrimp ones again as an appetizer and I'm definitely excited to try other kinds.
For dessert, I decided to get a scoop of red bean ice cream. I was skeptical at first because I don't always like bean type of flavors but I really wanted to push myself to try them regardless of my preference. I was honestly surprised by how much I like it. There was a light aroma to it, which I absolutely loved.My monthly dinner party group went here for dinner last night. We all really enjoyed it. Yes, as other reviewers stated it is a bit on the noisy side, but no big deal to us. We were a group of 8 at 6:30 pm on a Thursday, so it wasn't too busy. It did fill up later on. We had good service, the bartender was very friendly, the food was great. We never felt rushed to leave. Here's what we had:
Cocktails: Zu Orleans Punch--my friends liked it. Refreshing, not sweet, a bit bitter for me.  Lychee Mojito--I had two of these. Lovely lychee flavor, a tad sweet, but good. Other cocktails were had, but I didn't try them. Fairly well stocked bar and lots of wine choices. My only wish was for them to carry Hendrick's gin.
Apps: Avocado rolls and pork/shrimp roll--these were fine, not super special, but nice. Bacon and Crab Rangoon--really good, esp liked the sauce. Vietnamese Pork Tacos--FABULOUS, spicy sauce on the pork served on the soft puffy taco "bun?" (does anyone know what that taco bun thing is--I loved it and want lots more!)--This was by far our favorite app and I would order it as an entree with sides in the future. 
Entrees: I had the Crispy Hen Rice. I thought this would be a bowl of rice with pieces or slices of chicken, but it is a plate with a large serving of steamed white rice and half of a small hen, with pickled cabbage and carrots on the side. This was seriously good. I loved the cabbage and carrots (light and refreshing--perfect for summer). The chicken was excellent--super crispy very light coating on the skin and great flavor. They should serve this with a knife to start with, but I was quickly brought one on request. All the other entrees looked great, good portion sizes and everyone was very happy with their meals. The Crispy Hen Rice is a good bit larger in serving size than the Shrimp Rice, so if you are hungry go for the Hen.
Afters:
Earl Grey Lavender tea and little ice cream filled mochi balls (no idea what they were called on the menu, never saw the dessert options. These were good, three flavors to a plate. Everyone enjoyed them and we all had a favorite flavor. Perfect for sharing and just having a little bite of dessert rather than a big heavy something.
The damage:  Eight of us ordered cocktails, a total of 7 app plates, 8 entree plates, 2 cups of tea, and 3 dessert plates for a grand total of--wait for it---$200 (not including tip). That is awesome for that amount of food and drink. We frequently eat at more upscale restaurants and those have all been fantastic, but it was great to have excellent food, good service, and not have to balance my checkbook afterwards.Went here for dinner with my wife. The food was impressive-the Kim chi burger was incredible-perfectly cooked with the right amount of spice, and the spring rolls were spot on! The modern look of the restaurant gave a nice atmosphere as well.The only reason I am not giving Modern Mint a five star rating is because of the slow service. They seemed to only have three people working-one behind the bar and two on the floor in an absolutely packed restaurant. We will be back to give them another try.Pork belly melts in your mouth!! I had the brisket pho and the broth is sublime. Definitely best pho I've ever had. Service was fast and friendly. I'll come back for sure!Good service, great location, even better food. We started off on the right note with the chicken curry and bread for an appetizer. The curry was excellent. For an entree, I strongly recommend the Shakin New York strip. The steak was seasoned beautifully, and so juicy and tender. Their fried tofu was also executed perfectly.Wish i could give zero star but i can't. The service was just terrible! This young lady server kept rolling her eyes and it seems like she doesn't want to serve tables. Shen she gave us waters, it almost spilled on our table. The milkteas that my friends had were not closed right. She even knew it. It was really an awful experience. I just hope the management would do something about it. I also had another friend who dined there and told me the same thing. It's the same lady too.This place is amazing! 
I went last night with my family around 7PM and the place was  already swarming with people. We were a party of 7 and they seated us promptly and got our drinks in right away. Because they were so busy, we got our drinks, but had to wait a bit before putting in our order.
We ordered the crab rangoon, sticky wings, chicken and green waffles, kimchi burger on French bread with sweet potato fries, lemongrass chicken on steamed bun, bun rieu, and bun bo hue (spicy beef noodle soup). 
Everything was soooo amazing! 
I don't have much to say about the crab Rangoon, because I can't stand cream cheese. It did have a strong bacon flavor which made it bearable and the sauce was very good. Everyone at my table loved it. 
The sticky wings came out nice and hot and the flavor was phenomenal. All of the entrees were delicious. Especially the chicken and green waffles. Definitely something different. The bun rieu and bun bo hue tasted homemade, like my mom was cooking in the back! If it's on their menu when you come in (they're specials), you have GOT to try it! 
The specialty drinks do need a little work. I had a perfect strawberry mojito and the second one I ordered was 10x stronger, which is not a bad thing, but not consistent. 
On to decor. This place is decorated very beautifully. Very modern, which fits its name! I will be coming back for more!On a rate of 0-5
Customer Service: 4
Environment: 4
The food: 3.5
Overall everything was content especially the pork belly baco, according to my lovely boyfriend. 
However the BBH (spicy beef soup) from which I had chosen to be my main course was a disappointment. The soup was lacking the aroma of lemongrass and the kick of spices. ( I had to request for extra chili). 
It came with about 3-4 pieces of brisket chunks which I found applaud of because it was so tender and succulent every time I bit into it. Therefore,I'll probably go back and try the pho along with the brisket chunks. 
As for lovely boyfriend, he got the combination pho which was also lacking the aroma of ginger, onions and star anise, however he ended up finishing it because of their meats which came plentiful in his bowl. 
In the end, we ended up leaving no evidence behind except empty bowls and used utensils.Only ok.  Had the grilled pork rolls, spicy beef pho, and meat lover baguette.  The nuoc cham for the rolls was too fishy for my taste.  Yes, I know there's fish sauce in it but it was too much.  The broth for the pho needed more depth of flavor but the spicy sauce was good and meat portion was generous.  Baguette was just ok, nothing special.Sleek, modern and brand new adding one more type of cuisine to the food boom happening on Freret Street. I have eaten there twice and been happy with my pho and spring rolls. The staff seemed very friendly and competent and that's not always a given. It's Vietnamese food if I haven't mentioned it.Hard To find Vietnamese on a Sunday so this place was a SCORE!!
Pho was tasty And just what I needed this weekend.  We visited Sunday and it was packed but we didn't have to wait long for a table for two.  We were seated ahead of a party of 3.  Two tables cleared out fairly fast but the dishes were left for well
Over 10 minutes.
The Rangoon's were crispy yet the bacon seemed to be missing.
Overall a good experience and we will be back if it's a Sunday and we're craving pho!!This place has good food. 
But it's mass chaos everytime I'm in there. If you can deal with no order to anything happening, poor service, zero waiting area for pickup, and orders consistently being 15 minutes later than expected, this is the place for you. However with several other wonderful Vietnamese restaurants in the city, you don't have to subject yourself to the madness.
UPDATED REVIEW: went from 2 to 1 stars. Ordered delivery through postmates. Driver showed up and had the wrong food. Not even close. The driver told me he double checked with the restaurant and they told him that was correct. I couldn't even follow my own advice and not order from here. Even though it's a Sunday and most other Vietnamese places are closed, do. not. do. it. I know you're thinking, "well if the food is good I can deal with crap service."  No. I'm that person and even I can't deal with this level of consistent incompetence.I love this place and it ain't no lie. The pho mint combo is insane. The broth is sooo tasty. The banh mis are SO good with great crunchy veggies and crusty bread and the chargrilled pork MMMMMMMMM. even the kim chi burger surprises you with goodness. I am SO HAPPY you can get this deliciousness in a nice place, for not expensive prices. THANK YOU MINT
my only maybe concern is that it cannnnn be inconsistent on a slow afternoon. I need y'all to be always consistent! Maybe once out of 12 visits I will get a stale bread or not-that-seasoned vermicelli.This is my favorite restaurant so I'm kind of bias...I'm not sure how great the wait staff is because I always sit at the bar but the bartender Joseph is amazing! Mint has the best food and the best drinks...sticky chicken wings pork tacos pho banh mi burger rice dishes it's all great! So great I go on solo dates here...it's my go to place!First time here. Visiting Nola! 
Service was pretty spotty. We had to ask the server for our iced coffee like 4 times and they kept saying it was still dripping? I'm sure we waited about 15-20 minutes.
I wish I had something more exciting to say. The pho was pretty average. Tasty but not the best I've ever had. If I lived in Nola I would definitely come back. Just had the pho and a few appetizers. The egg rolls were good. They shrimp and avocado fresh rolls were tasty and fresh. The pho was actually a pretty nice portion. I wish I would had more room to try their dessertLena was a wonderful host during the whole meal. She gave helpful advice about which meal i should order. The appetizers were absolutely delicious, hot, and came out super fast! We tried the crab rangoons, sticky chicken, and beef tacos. I would definitely order everything again. For my meal i got the steak and eggs which was the perfect amount of food and was delicious. I would def come here again!Outstanding pho at a great price. What more can you ask for? I will say the cocktail menu could use some modernizing - the drink options seemed kind of cheesy. But I know this is not a "mixology bar," and that's cool. 
Note they do have two large TVs at the bar, and show sports. That's a plus in my book, but not everyone is looking for that in their fine dining experience.Amazing food! The pork tacos are amazing and are my favorite every time. They are covered in delicious sauce and have the best fluffy rice buns. I also recommend the bahn mi burger. My friend gets the pho here and also loves it. It's great for creative Vietnamese recipes.Great fusion food! I would't necessarily categorize this place as a modern Vietnamese bistro just bistro with an Asian twist. The beef steak and eggs are good but not much beef to make a meal. The chicken and green waffles was good but the waffles are heavy. The chicken was good and the sauce for the waffles made the dish. The pho was good not great but good. The kimchi burger was great and the fries was fantastic. It's worth the effort to come out here for dinner.For reasonably priced, fresh, and delicious Vietnamese food with some flair, Mint can't be beat. I haven't tasted but am curious to try their house cocktails, including a Sriracha Bloody Mary. I love the kimchee burger. Their pork, on any dish, is always amazing (and I'm not usually a big fan of pork), and my mouth is watering just thinking about the sauce that comes with their vermicelli bowls. The menu is compact but everything on it looks appetizing, and I'm curious to go back and taste more.
Their service is also consistently good and crazy fast. This is my go-to spot if I'm in a rush or in the mood for some light, fresh Vietnamese.I've been here a few times, and they are often busy but once your order is in, the chefs are fast! Sometimes the service is slow, and I've noticed multiple times that they seemed understaffed which is why it may have taken a while to seat us. Though the food here is pretty good! I've had better around New Orleans, but this place always seems a little more convenient, and when delivered through post-mates it maintains its quality! I love the green tea boba drink here, it's not too sweet like a lot of places. I also always get the lemongrass chicken vermicelli, with light noodles and extra veggies. One time I got it with "very light noodles, extra extra veggies" and they even added some carrots, broccoli and onions, which aren't normally included in the vermicelli dish, but were surprisingly tasty! Overall it always satisfies my craving for noodles and boba tea, and it's in a lovely location, so I'll continue to come here!the ice cream taste like Gucci Mane's ice cream tattoo. Bomb.com plus the male server looks cuteThis is a very popular spot and its both a nice bar and restaurant.  They have a really nice ambiance along with very large TVs above the bar for sports fans.  The chicken pho here was the most generous with the meat of any pho I've ever had!  The food here is among the top Vietnamese in this area of the city while the service could be a bit better.  The prices are slightly higher than some of the other Vietnamese places but they do seem to earn their money by providing more bang for the buck.  Their pho bowls have a little cup indentation in the bottom, unlike any other pho bowl I've ever seen, that concentrates the last of your broth goodness down into a little extra treat.  There is often a line for tables but you can usually get a seat at the bar.Food is good but one of the waitresses was very very very rude. However it seems from other reviews that not only a few people complained about their bad service. I feel that most of their staff are nice and helpful and they serve really good food. But if you really meet the bad one, tip less or nothing. That's what we should do for our customers' rights.So I ate here yesterday and I'm in love with this place. Honestly I may go back today. If I lived in this neighborhood I would survive off of the pork belly tacos. Breakfast, lunch and dinner. Who cares about a well balanced diet? In keeping with my new tendency to order at least three things from the menu of any new restaurant I go to my friend and I decided to order a bunch of things to share. We had the grilled pork vermicelli bowl, the New York Strip pho, the pork belly tacos and the chicken and pandan waffle. Also, being that it's sacrilegious not to order a drink during happy hour we both ordered the "Cobbler" to drink. The stars of my meal were definitely the pork belly tacos and the chicken and waffle. I loved the sauces that accompanied the waffle in lieu of syrup. I layered them and found it to be wonderful. The pork belly tacos were just.... I can't even begin to describe my love for them so I won't. Just get them. I found the pho to be really good. I just added a squeeze of lime and went to town. The grilled pork vermicelli bowl was just kind of blah. I usually really like them but this one just kind of fell flat for me. The Cobbler was excellent too although I don't think it was very heavy on the alcohol. I absolutely love this restaurant and will definitely be back.I came out of desperation on a rather terrible day hoping the food would cheer me up, and it did. They offer Vietnamese basics like vermicelli with a deliciously spiced lemongrass tofu, and when I asked for no fish sauce I got peanut instead, which is good. More unusual was something called a "pandan waffle", which was green and slightly tart and came with green tea ice cream. Not bad at all. I'd be happy to come back and sample their rolls.
The atmosphere was a modern, hipster, cafe setup, an indication of a stretch which by all accounts is gentrifying rapidly. There's no shortage of competition for Vietnamese food around the city, but this place is certainly doing alright.The atmosphere here is very open and friendly, very much like a family style vibe. Vibrant colors and an "up to date" dinning area is very inviting for a single diner or a group. The bar area is nice and roomy with plenty of seats and a big screen tv above to watch football, baseball, etc. 
Now to the food: 
I have eaten here 3x and every time I have had a wonderful experience. Each time, the food seems to bring a different flavor that can be enjoyed with a single bite or with everything on the plate incorporated. From their starters like the fried egg rolls or the pork belly tacos, to their main dishes like their beef satay vermicelli, lemongrass chicken vermicelli, or any of their pho. 
Needless to say, I will definitely be going back and will also recommend to anyone and everyone I know.Awesome Vietnamese restaurant for one that just opened.  The chicken wings were delicious and beef and egg too.  I was skeptical since there's been a lot of Vietnamese restaurant opening up but this by far is the best pho and the service were super nice.  The Interior is something to admire especially the bar.  Will be back to try everything else on the menu.  Keep it up!This place is somewhat small but it is nicely decorated, making it a cute little place! 
The menu consists of one sheet, front and back. As with any Americanized Vietnamese restaurants, especially in this area, the prices were relatively higher than those you'd find at a more authentic Viet place. 
Nonetheless, the food was tasty! As the appetizer, we got grilled shrimp steamed buns, and they were packed with just the right amount of flavor! . My friend got hot tea, which they brought out in a cute cup to our surprise! I got the grilled salmon with rice and an added egg as my entree, which was about $13, and I liked how the salmon was so well-seasoned that I could just eat it with the rice without having to add any fish sauce. 
Overall, I would recommend this place to anyone living in the area craving some good quality Viet/ Asian fusion food, but be willing to whip out a few extra bucks!Let's get things straight. I love Vietnamese. I love pho. I love Mint. But the last time I went to Mint, I found a hair in my pho towards the end of my meal. It was quite disappointing. The waitress was SUPER nice and accommodating and gave me a pho to go. I then went back home, opened it up, and- to my surprise- there was another hair. That's disgusting. I will not be recommending Mint to my friends in the future and I do not see myself going back anytime soon. Quite unfortunate.I have eaten at many vietnamese restaurants and am a Pho fanatic.  From NYC to New Orleans, we've tried a ton of restaurants and this is hands down my favorite. Why? The Pho broth is flawless. You can tell it's traditionally cooked with the oxtail, cloves, veggies, etc. You want delicious, authentic pho? Look no further.Very good.  My wife is a vegetarian (I'm not) and we're always looking to find places we both can eat.    My wife had a lemon grass tofu rice.   I had the Kim Che burger with sweet potato fries with a tapioca mango smoothie. ALL were EXCELLENT!  My only gripe was when we first walked in; no one greeted us or seated us.  We had to ask what to do.   But besides that we'd come backWe love this place and go here pretty often when we are on the south shore. It's one of our favorite places. Everything I've had is good, and I always follow it with the waffle and green tea ice cream.Nice and friendly staff. Food was made fast. Lots of vegetarian options if you're a vegetarian. I had the vegetarian pho which was good and loaded with veggies. I recommend to try the pandan waffle with green tea ice cream.Love this place! Highly recommend the Vietnamese taco appetizers! Been here a few times and each time I love the food! It's super fastThey had me at "fruit punch."  It's on the menu as a fountain drink, and the waitress didn't know they had it until I pointed it out . . . I was in love then. I'm pretty sure it was Hawaiian Punch on fountain . . . if I had that at home I'd be a diabetic already  . . . actually, I'd be a dead diabetic, because it's all I'd drink.  Between the sugar and the red dye I'd be dead in a week, but I'd be the happiest man on Earth.  Beyond that, the crab and bacon rangoons were quite tasty . . . you don't get hints of the  bacon in texture, and then it hits you in taste and you're like "mmmmmmmmm, bacon."  The pho was good - very tasty. I've had pho broth with a deeper, richer taste, but this was quite good.  I will probably go back, though the techno-porn music was a bit unnerving. All in all a good experience . . . especially since they have fruit punch.We dine in or take out from Mint a minimum of twice a week and have for the past 4+ years. The prices are extremely reasonable. The food is absolutely delicious and always consistent. The environment and atmosphere is clean, modern, and enjoyable. The staff are incredibly kind and professional. It is by far my favorite restaurant in New Orleans and I never tire from eating there. HIGHLY RECOMMEND! I've ordered almost everything on the menu but my personal 2 favorites are 2 appetizers: The Vietnamese Pork Taco Appetizer and the Shrimp & Avocado Fresh Rolls!I live in the neighborhood so I try to frequent Mint as much as I can. No choice is a bad choice! Also the Taro Tapioca Smoothie is the perfect cure to a sweet tooth.Super fresh, huge portions and great service make for a fun lunch or dinner. Mint is a family friendly joint with a cool neighborhood vibe. Prices are reasonable and there are many vegan choices.This place is fantastic - literally the best pho I've ever had (very flavorful but not super salty like some other places). Tons of vegan options. Great service. Clean bathroom. What more could a girl want?Really really good food. Service had their on/off days. I have had some good and bad (slow) wait service experiences here. So far no problems with food. Their apps are good to share. Pho is a big portion and easy to bring home and good the next day! Family friendly, but small space so not best for large groups.Great food, decent bubble tea. I've tried the pho, vermicelli bowl, and the bacon crab rangoons, and the pork belly tacos. All delicious! They have quick service and are always polite even when it's super busy. Great place to just eat with friends or grab a drink at the bar.Great place to get simple, flavorful pho and bubble teas! I enjoy the brisket pho or the spicy noodles.Awesome food!!' Was looking for a nice pho place while in New Orleans and this place did not disappoint. Great service and even greater food!!!First thing first - food is GREAT! Drinks are very good! Now service: when we came in there were no hostess, line was self organising. on table of four our server Annie decided to add herself a 20% grat... (which is against IRS regulations) so, its a three...
Special link for "funny guys": http://taxfoundation.org/blog/irs-crackdown-automatic-gratuities-takes-effect-january-1Pho is very average and overpriced.  The broth always goes bad over night so you cannot stretch it to last two meals. Not many veggie/vegan options besides the pho though they are in many veg options.Satisfying Vietnamese food - really enjoyed everything we ordered, items were fairly priced and would definitely come back again. Loved the Shrimp & Avocado Spring Rolls and the Lemongrass Tofu Vermicelli was very tasty.We stopped in here for a pre-dinner bite. Yeah, pre-dinner. We were on vacation- don't judge. Anyway, it was a good pick! There were five of us in the group, and we ordered a variety of things. I enjoyed the lemongrass tofu vermicelli bowl and the bacon and cream cheese crab rangoons. I was also pretty happily surprised about the beer list and the service was friendly and quick. If I lived here, I'd definitely be back.I went to Mint for the first time last week and we dined in. 
For an appetizer we shared an order of the grilled pork rolls. They tasted great and were pretty big but a little messy because they weren't rolled very tightly. 
For dinner we both ordered the Pho Mint Combo. It was good. Pho is generally the same across the board and it was pretty flavorful. 
The service was also commendable. I wish I remembered the waitress's name, but she was very attentive. 
After leaving, I concluded that it was good and I would go back.
With that said, I ordered to-go last night and had the Pho Brisket. I'm not sure if it was just a fluke, but it was literally the most flavorful pho I've had in New Orleans. I will definitely be returning after last night's pho.Dropping this place down to a 3 - star after they refused to serve us three Bao Bun Tacos. We were a party of three and just wanted a round of drinks and one Bao Taco each. They come twp per order, but every good restauraunt will build an appetizer plate to suit your party, provided you are willing to pay for it. No problem right?  An order of two Bao Tacos = $6.00, so we told our waiter that we would be happy to pay $9.00 for three Bao Tacos. He supposedly went to his manager...and came back with a "no - we can't do that".  We cancelled our drink order and left. Staff was just sitting around and watched us leave?  
New evaluation of Mint:
Food - Good
Decor - Good
Service - Apathetic
In a town like NoLa, you better have your A-Game.  Too much competition and lots of seasoned diners with high standards. Someone needs to take control of the Front of House and implement some better training. 
First time to down grade an establishment. May try again to see if they improve?Great food - I LOVE the vermicelli bowls here. The pork and chicken are tasty and not skimped on. The pho isn't my favorite, but is solid. The service here is fast and fuss-free. My favorite Vietnamese in New Orleans (not including East).I am seriously shocked and appalled that anyone would give this place a positive review. I should start off by mentioning that I have only ever been compelled to write a review a handful of times, but the disappointment in this place warrants one. I ordered the vegan pho, which was by far the worst I have ever had. The broth was extremely bland (it tasted merely OK after adding an entire lime, rice wine vinegar, and some sriracha) but that is far from the worst part. The vegetables (and I use that term loosely) were not Asian veggies: snow peas, bok choy, etc. which should typically come in a vegetable pho...nor were there any jalapenos. What it did consist of was a frozen medley of baby carrots and cauliflower (really have you ever in your life seen cauliflower in pho??) with broccoli. Broccoli is a veggie pho staple, when it is FRESH and crisp, but this was very mushy and 100% came from a frozen mix which I know because I have bought this mix before. Not awful with a little butter to accompany your meal but the worst idea ever for pho. The avocado rolls were on par but really how can you mess those up?
Obviously the best place for pho is Pho Tau Bay but when I don't want to cross the bridge onto the west bank Lilly's Cafe on Magazine is a close second. Their pho is full of flavor (no sriracha or rice wine vinegar even needed) and the veggies are fresh and relevant to asian cuisine. 
Mint should be ashamed of themselves and so should anyone promoting this place.These folks have got it DOWN! Everything I've had here has been great (except for the pork tacos -- too fatty). The place is beautiful and -- you guessed it -- modern. The menu is diverse but not overwhelming (like Tan Dinh), and the prices are crazy cheap for what you get. My fave thing is their lemongrass chicken vermicelli bowl. And for you vegetarians/vegans out there, they will do a lemongrass tofu even though it's not on the menu. You're welcome.
My only problem with the place is that service is lacking *only in the beginning of each meal*. Once someone takes your order the food comes out impossibly fast.
Pro tip: order the coconut juice (WAY better than standard coconut water). It has the most amazing coconut flesh at the bottom which you can eat after your meal like a dessert!So I was suggested this place from a Tulane student and since I like to try new places I checked it out. When we arrived it was kinda busy but not necessarily packed. We were seated and from that time it was 10 minutes before our drink order was even taken. After getting our drinks it was another 15 minutes before our food order was taken. My God got the steak and eggs and I got the spicy beef pho. I realized something was wrong when her food came out first and mine didn't come out at all. After 10 minutes she was almost finished eating and we asked about my food. The waiter said he would check on it and turns out it wasn't even put in. When I did finally get my food the noodles weren't fully cooked which made it even worse that I had to wait so long for it. My Gf liked her food but I will respectfully say we have polar opposite opinions on this restaurant. I definitely won't return.Really good food. Loved ordering a bunch of appetizers and making it a meal like the spring rolls, crab rangoons, etc. We always ordered through a delivery service so cannot comment on the actual physical restaurant.My new go-to place, the prices are good, the food is great.
Food:  The kim chi burger and seasoned noodles and chicken are fantastic and unique. Lots of choices for vegetarians; I'd recommend the tofu baguette.
The bar is also a nice place to watch football.I've been dining at Mint regularly for 3 years, since it was almost new. While the food is still very tasty, so much of the rest of the experience, of late, leaves a lot to be desired. The service was never great, with the exception of the regular bartender- the only non-Vietnamese member of the service staff, but it's not getting any better. Sometimes, like today, it is completely incompetent, although still friendly, but at times, it has been surly. Today, my new server, who was also working the bar, brought me a glass of a deeply hued red wine, when I had ordered a Cremant de Bourgogne- a white sparkling wine (more about the wines in a bit). Then I was brought a full order of eggrolls, when what I had ordered was the Bun (rice vermicelli bowl with the  menu offered option of adding an eggroll to it) -  the same thing I order almost every time I dine there. Okay- so she was new...
But the wine list. Mint started out with a couple of inspired choices to suit this type of food. Slowly, the wine list has dwindled down to a glorified super market brand selection of wines. And today, a full three of the selections by the glass (at least half) were no longer available, although they are still on the printed menu. Come on- at least print a new menu. And the server/bartender didn't have a clue what wine was what.
I not only dine here regularly myself, but have brought several others to the restaurant, including a group of professional caterers in town for a convention. Come to think of it, at that time, it was like pulling teeth to get the owner/manager to return calls (which he never did, btw- I had to keep calling until I caught him in) I made in an attempt to arrange for this dinner. And then, I had to change my time and date to accommodate him.
Yes, restaurant dining depends on good food, but a good restaurant experience is about more than just the food. I really hope Mint gets it together.Stopped in for dinner last night, Tuesday,around 8 p.m.  Had a good crowd, but a few tables open.  Service was quick, and food was brought out promptly.  I had the bacon and crab rangoon, and the beef vermicelli with an added egg roll to my bowl.  I thought it was delicious.  I took a picture and will post when I figure out how to LOL!Food (mint pho and chicken vermicelli) was great. Major flaw was the strawberry bubble tea. Despite being strawberry season, there was no fruit in it. It was basically a syrupy fire-engine red slushy, like you'd get at a gas station, with tapioca and big ice  chunks in it.I frequent this restaurant and have generally had pretty great experiences. The food is great, reasonably priced, the drinks are tasty and the service is decent. I walked into Mint today at around 7:40 and asked for a table for two. It was packed and it was clear to me that they were short staffed. We were seated immediately and waited for 15 minutes to be greeted by our server. I finally flagged down a waiter and asked for water. Meanwhile a five top that was seated after us had drinks and apps before we were even greeted. When the waitress finally came over to the table she didn't say hello, she didn't apologize for the delay she just asked  if we were ready to order. When we ordered the food, it came out quickly but she never checked in with us or asked how things were. In fact, we had to ask for silverware and sauce on separate occasions. I typed this entire review in the time it took her to get the check. I'm disappointed and will think twice before I come back.Love Vietnamese food and MINT surly deliverers the modern Vietnamese food! I had the sticky chicken wings. They were super crispy and seasoned very well. We also had the pork belly sweet bread. The pork belly had that authentic fresh market flavor and tender with a soft sweet flavor! My favorite out of all was the Kim Chi Burger! The burger was ruining with juices and full of bold seasoning but the Kim Chi saltiness cut right threw all the flavors to give this burger a perfect balance! I will be coming back here very soon!I FRICKIN LOVE THIS PLACE! I've went to this place yesterday and when I tell you, that Pho was good. Like omgg that chocolate lava cake with green tea ice cream is really good! Please upgrade to Vietnamese food and go here!Their chicken pho is my favorite in New Orleans. The chicken and waffles with the green waffles is delicious. The sticky wings are also amazing. The only downer is the service which can be frazzled and lacking, like getting drink refills and waiting to be able to catch someone to give them your order.Can you give more than five stars on Yelp?
I love Mint Modern so much. This is the type of restaurant that you begin thinking about when you can come back next... yet you haven't even left the first time. I stopped by with family for a late lunch and was pleasantly surprised. I will be honest when I say I actually wanted to go to another restaurant that was talked into visiting Mint Modern instead. The restaurant is cute and a little small, but plenty of room for the college kids coming off campus. Don't be fooled though, this place is serving food for any age.
We were seated almost immediately, and placed orders for drinks. The restaurant has a full bar and also serves up fun teas. For appetizers we went with vegetarian steam buns, egg rolls and sweet shrimp. Side note- The eggrolls are not vegetarian, they contain pork and are unable to be made without it. The vegetarian steam buns seriously gave me life. I don't think I have ever had a better steam bun. If you love shrimp and you definitely have to order the shrimp appetizer.
Even though it sounds like I ate a lot of food in the appetizer round and I was still willing to eat more for the main course. I ordered the tofu baguette aka the bahn mi. Around the table shrimp fried rice was ordered, steak baguette, and beef and broccoli. Everyone enjoyed their meal, but the shrimp fried rice did not get amazing reviews from us. There didn't seem to be a lot of flavor, but everything else was amazing.
I love eating here and will definitely be coming back. If you were in the area and feel like eating a bunch of delicious amazing food stop in.I eat here multiple times a week. Pork tacos, shrimp vermicelli, pho, literally everything is fuegoA step above most recent Vietnamese additions to the culinary landscape in New Orleans of late.  
Decor great, open & airy; food with both recognized and new (to non-Vietnamese!) items for our palates.  
I fear, like most places in the "Freret Food Corridor," it will be choked with crowds and traffic and limited parking.  But that is not really in their control...We ordered quite a bit of the menu between the four of us and only complaint is the serving size on appetizers were sparing.  
Pho broth was fantastic. Wonton soup was great. Meat choices varying at our table were great. Little to grumble about. 
Interesting take on pho, bahn mi and other vietnamese food. If you're used to ultra cheap pho prices, this may be a bummer for you. Otherwise, great place for a modern take on a cultural staple.One of my favorite places to go because it is always good. The atmosphere is nice and clean, and I always feel comfortable. Their pho is delicious and it's a good amount too. Sometimes the service can be a little slow (waiting for drinks, or waiting for a check) but it's a laid back place and it doesn't bother me too much. Food always comes quick though!Our server was either having a bad day or was extremely shy because she seemed terrified to speak to people.  At first she was attentive and then towards the end we pretty much had to ask someone else for a refill or just deal with lack of service.The restaurant was not busy but it seemed as if my friend and I at the table were invisible and I couldn't understand why it would take so long to receive the check.  She would not bring our check but she would lean over and place her arm in front of our face to get things off of our table to give to another table without saying excuse me. 
The light fixtures are beautiful and the bar had a nice selection. I liked the pork belly tacos but I'll go to Chiba if want some again. Sorry Mint, the service ruined my experience and I'm not likely to return.Went in to check this place out and grab a small plate on my way to the epicenter of the sandwich universe-Wayfare. If you have not been to Freret Street yet, do yourself a favor and just have a cabby drop you off. You are going to be there a while, so settle in. Tons of cool places and just a great vibe overall. 
Back to Mint.  This place is brand new (like 2 weeks old) and it was pretty hopping on a Friday night. A lot of families dining together, which is cool for a modern Asian spot. The finish-out is beautiful and obviously done by a pro. I sat at the bar and was greeted by several of the staff, which consisted of mostly younger Asian females. I briefly glanced at the menu, but deferred to one of the girls behind the bar who recommended the Vietnamese Pork Tacos. They were absolutely fantastic!  Drawing on the French influence in Vietnam, these had a soft doughy shell filled with nicely done pork, cilantro, and some type of sauce that would make a rubber tire taste good. If you are a fan of pork-belly (the only pork product that I am not friendly with), you can also get that as a filling. 
While that (and a Kirin) was all I had on this visit, I will be back next time and bring the whole family.  Overall, this is a great addition to the Freret Street family, which seems to be all about collaboration as opposed to competition. Check it out!Oh, man. One of my favorite spots to eat. Go-to orders are the bbq short ribs and rice or the kimchi burger. SO GOOD.