Went on Thursday night and was told there would be a 45-60 minute wait for a table of 5. 
I can't review the food or waitstaff because after 2 hours of no table and a very rude hostess staff we left. When I informed the manager of the situation I was given a snarky response showing that he didn't care. He didn't even bother to give a half-hearted excuse or apology. 
The restaurant is operated by the same company that started Semolina and Zea. Zea usually has very good service so I was suprised to see this. 
I know opening weeks can be rough for new places but their staff was just pure rude.I met up with my guy for lunch at this joint &, weeks later, I still don't know if I want to go back.  The nacho appetizer I got was good enough & the Chicken Torta I got was good, but I don't know if they were worth the price.  Nothing was really stellar about this place, but I wouldn't call it bad.  
They are killing me with their drink special that only lasts from 11a-2p on M-F.  I guess I'm still getting used to finding way more drink deals during the workday than after it.  hahaha  Good ole' NOLA.  One of these days, I'll be off on a weekday & will be able to partake, but not yet.  And maybe not here, I still don't know.If I wasn't a vegetarian and if our seating was better maybe i would come back...
Came here with 4 other people for the first time the other day.  It was pretty empty on a Monday night but we were sat next to the loudest most obnoxious group of drunk 21 year olds we have seen in awhile.  The salsas weren't anything special to me but others liked them.  I ordered an avocado salad because there weren't a ton of vegetarian options on the menu and my bf was ordering the mushroom tacos.  His tacos looked amazing but as soon as you took a bite you were overwhelmed by salt.  Too salty by far.  My salad was pretty good.
Overall I won't come back just because I'm a vegetarian and there are many more options for vegetarian Latin food across the city.I love everything about this place from the small appetizer they give you (pickled veggies and roasted garbanzo beans) to the Queso Fundido (must try) and the Tacos.
Drinks are very good. My favorite is the blueberry mojito! 
The Guacamole al Pastor is simply the best guac I have ever had. The mix of the pinneaple with the pork belly is perfect, not too sweet, not to salty.
The Shrimp Ceviche is addictive. My fav in town!
The Pork and Shrimp tacos are very tasty - add some spicy sauce to them!!
They have nice happy hour deals for drinks and food. 
The only con is that the patio is very noise since the interstate is next to it. Stay inside!!I enjoy this food because it isn't heavy. The Almond Cashew Crema was a little bland for my taste, the Roja salsa tasted fresh. Tuna ceviche was awesome with a mix of flavors, the corn nuts and plantains gave it a different twist. Avocado salad was fresh, and dressing was light, very good!! Pork tacos were pretty satisfying , nothing over the top.  Plantains were perfect for an after dinner treat. The cucumber jalapenos margarita is amazing , a must get. Noise level can be loud if they are packed. Parking is tight but they are in the process of expanding. Chef walked by and asked if everything was good. I will be back!Gotta say, I wasn't completely sure what to expect when my friend told me about this place.  The first thing that really struck me was the location when I googled it.  I thought to myself, wait... what is even in that area?  Needless to say, the spot stuck out like a sore thumb in an otherwise poorly lit stretch of road.  My first impression upon getting my car valeted (wow!) and stepping in was that this place was way fancier than I anticipated.  Maybe it was the name, but I was half expecting yellow and orange wallpaper, endless chips and salsa, and traditional Mexican folk music flowing through the speakers.  Something that has its own place, but that place this was not.
I met my friends at the bar, which was of course trendy and cool with a super charming bartender who immediately took my drink order.  A little pricy, but you can't get too up in arms about that kind of stuff when you look around.  We were seated about 20 minutes later (it was a busy Friday night), and the dining area itself is pretty large.  Just one big open area with cool metal (or something) booths along the walls and tables in the middle.  Awesome lighting, awesome vibe.  
Our waitress was awesome and helpful in every way.  She suggested a ceviche for me... eventually decided on the Japanese-inspired sashimi, which was super tasty and light.  Which brings me to my next point.  I feel like I'm beating a dead horse, but if you're looking for enchiladas alongside refried beans and rice smothered in queso and enchilada sauce, look again.  The tacos and other entrees are trendy (for lack of a better adjective) and inspired by all sorts of cuisines around the world.  And more so than your Juan's Flying Burrito kind of menu, where everything is still basically Mexican food.  I was surprised at how fast the service was given how crowded it was... definitely an A+ in my book in that area.  
My one tiny gripe is actually something that I've already touched on.  While it is a super cool, trendy spot that's becoming super popular among the Old Metairie/Mid City crowd, my friend actually made a comment while we were sitting at our table kind of taking the whole place in.  "This restaurant makes it feel like we're not even in New Orleans. We could be in any city in the country right now."  True.  And not a terrible thing, but always a weird feeling to be in one of the most unique cities in the world and not have any of that culture seep into an establishment.Great modern atmosphere, great service, quick food times. A few critiques would have to be how loud it was in the dining room with the booming of a live band performing, the amount of  unnecessary grease with the shrimp and fish for the tacos, and the slow valet wait. Other than that I would definitely come backAlthough I like the atmosphere and concept of this place, and really want to like the food, unfortunately everything is just too spicy for me to eat. I wish they could consider offering some milder tacos/dishes. The first couple times I went I tried different tacos, all of which I found too spicy to eat. So I went again last night and ordered the ceviche sampler, thinking it would be less spicy. However, I found this to be extremely spicy as well, and couldn't eat this dish either. I've talked to others who feel the same - so if you like spicy food or are just there for the drinks, this place is great. If you aren't a fan of spicy food though, this place isn't for you.My experience was pretty much flawless. The restaurant has a cool modern vibe that is spacious and inviting at the same time. My friend had a bogo coupon from their website so we took maximum advantage by buying the two most expensive entrees: lobster and steak and eggs. The lobster is $30 and the steak is $25 so we saved $25!
The entrees were huge and we had planned to share so we could both mix lobster with steak. What could be better? Please tell me if you know. The steak was served on a mound of delicious potatoes with chunks of pork belly. 
A note about the steak entree: 
Ok. I am an onion hater. I admit it. I absolutely cannot stand onions, and yes, it is irrational and I am only repulsed when I know those suckers are there. I know this because I have eaten things with onions and not known it at the time, and even enjoyed it. But don't tell anyone that.
Anyway... my onion radar was buzzing off the charts but I was able to enjoy everything by carefully working my way around the onion land mines. Ohh yeah, the beef was also topped with, guess what, more onions! in the form of fried onion straws but they were easy to remove and incinerate. On a lighter note, my friend who knows all too well about my onion aversion said he was worried when he saw the truckload of onions on the plate but he also said he was glad I was able to successfully navigate around them. 
Gold star for me. 
I am giving 5 stars despite the onion invasion because that is not their fault, onions are a staple in latin cuisine, it was super easy to just avoid them, and my meal was one of the best I have had in months. 
Other than the onion extravaganza, the steak was seasoned to perfection and was dead on medium rare. I was floored by the first bite, it was just so freaking good. 
The lobster was perfection. 
Something that was weird was that the lobster was served on as bed of what appeared to be bread crumbs. I am not sure what that is for but who really cares when the lobster is cooked so amazingly? It was one of the best lobsters I have ever eaten, not at all rubbery, just perfectly light and buttery. I put some of the creamy scrambled eggs with chives into a tortilla with some lobster and it was outrageously good. It was incredibly indulgent and satisfying. My friend and I were just looking at each other like is this happening, and yes gentle yelp readers, it was happening. 
I have not had such a delicious steak and lobster meal in a long ass time. I also feel like it was a great deal for the quality and service I received, not to mention saving $25! 
Overall, this was an awesome experience, the food and service were freaking on point, and it was not very far away. This is a great place to have brunch or lunch and I cannot wait to try their dinner. You really cannot beat great food enjoyed with great company. 
In addition to everything I have already said, I freaking love this place because 1) they keep me on my onion avoiding toes and 2) they serve up some damn good food in a beautiful restaurant with friendly employees.I went back recently for lunch and had the best duck tamale! Also tried the pistachio guacamole made table side. Great! They adjusted a bit since opening and I will continue to return for their original and delicious food.Fantastic!  I had the salsa sampler with friends and all three were very creative and delicious.  Had the bistec.  Delicious, and perfectly cooked.  Margarita was perfect as well -- I ordered mine without agave syrup and added some Splenda as I am a diabetic.  REALLY enjoyed a margarita for the first time in a long time.  Service was very good, not exceptional.  Was a beautiful night outside, so the outside seating was wonderful.  This place is much, much, butter than most TexMex/Latin restaurants.  Highly recommended.I pass this place every day coming home from work so I have been intrigued for a long time. Bottom line, a little pricey but dollars and cents brought me some of the most interesting and well balanced dishes and drinks I've had in a long time. The dining room was nothing much to speak of, from the outside it's more about its location than it's views from the inside (unless you are sitting on their patio). The drinks I ordered were out of this world. The first was a blood orange base that packed quite the mid-morning punch. Next we split the side order of macaroni which was made with chorizo and cumin. WOW. Sign me up for a full order of that next time! My friend and I also split the french toast for dessert (server suggestion) and it was orgasmic. Yea, seriously--it was so moist and decadent...garnished with pistachios...DIVINE. Such an excellent suggestion! I would go again, but maybe for dinner rather than a brunch. I'm a boring eggs benedict and side of bacon kind of gal.This place is a bit trendy, which can sometimes intimate me, but the service is extremely fun and friendly (not pretentious at all like some trendy places tend to be). Our server Ravin was very friendly and knowledgable about what were popular menu items. At first we ordered the 3 for $7 salsa trio and she was imputing it into her little smart board.....and then magic happened.....the salsa came to our table while she will still practically putting in our order! The smart boards that all the severs use seemed a little silly at first but if they allow for that kind of order efficiency than I can see why they use them!
Their sashimi style ceviche is by far my favorite item on their menu. We also had the fried fish and shrimp tacos. All were amazing and we even got a complimentary snack from the chef. 
The cocktails are by far the most curious menu items to me here. They are all very unique and different. The rumors are true, their cucumber jalapeño margarita is amazing and not spicy at all like some people might fear. Also they have some magnificently flavored mojitos (I got blueberry).
Our server said they have different happy hour specials almost every day of the week so just call ahead and ask if your in the mood to try it out on a budget. 
I would definitely come back and try out the patio when the weather isn't so hot. The patio looked gorgeous but we were there in the middle of a hot August afternoon and opted to sit inside. 
I'd love to come back for a happy hour soon!A friend and I went for a late dinner on Wednesday and the bartender Kat (hope I spelled that right) was awesome. I've never had a bartender at a restaurant make me feel so welcome. She gave great suggestions and definitely knows her stuff. F.YI., get the mac and chorizo, you won't be sorry. Thanks again Kat!For the NOLA area this is good Mexican food but it is WAY overpriced for what it is.  Surprisingly the menu selection is quite limited.  This place is attempting to be fancy fine dining in a very Metry kind of way which doesn't work for the peasant food that Mexican food is.  Nothing here is awe inspiring or must have and I was slightly excited by the prickly pear margarita but it didn't impress so the only decent one in the area is still at Rivershack Tavern.  They do some things with lobster that might interest some people.  I seriously doubt I will be returning as this place just doesn't work for me but it might work for some out in the burbs.  At the price point of this place there are hundreds of other places I would much rather go to with far superior food.  I'm sure there are lots of people that will love this place and it should do well but it just isn't my style.I was deeply saddened when I heard that they were planning to close Mizado's and convert to their sister company Zea's next month. As I was In town at the moment, I decided to eat there one last time before they do. I have quite a few fond memories with good company there. Just another chapter closed in the food business. 
They offer a variety of Latino fusion flavors, from the tasty queso and their hand mixed guacamole that they mix in front of you! The establishment is casual, great pictures on the wall, a place to have good drinks and conversation with any number of company. The dishes are certainly shareable and they unique cocktails will have you giggling in no time.
We usually order the ceviche which is refreshing with the right amount of a hint of citrus. Followed by a variety of tacos that include the pork belly, fish, and shrimp. It does not disappoint. 
Maybe, I'm just too nostalgic when it comes to Mizado's. But if you get a chance, try it before it changes concept.Food, drinks and service went above and beyond! Fantastic margaritas! The chef even made my strange order special and it was amazing! Definitely coming back soon!Always yummy.  A little disappointed that the dinner menu no longer offers self made tacos.  We always had leftovers and were easy to take home and enjoy the next day.  However, once the taco is constructed its becomes a difficult take home item.  Great prices, decent service and atmosphere.The pistachio guacamole is often recommended for a reason.   It rocks.  The scallop tacos and tuna tradition are awesome too.We thoroughly enjoyed our lunch! The pork tamale, grilled redfish, & plantains are delicious! The atmosphere is spectacular.. Modern, sleek, just wonderful all around. It's one of my favorites now.Went last night for first visit. Wow!!  Today I wish I had another scallop taco and pistachio guacamole. Mizado, be back real soon!I have been here multiple times and have yet to try anything that wasn't delicious. You can't go wrong! They also have great Margaritas and and excellent tequila list. If you are a brunch fan, you have got to make it here on a Sunday.
All around excellent!!!!A great place if you are looking for a fun and trendy spot for the evening. Its a fusion of Peruvian and Latin American cuisine. What you will get an upscale Spanish cuisine. The basics like tamales, tacos, ceviche, etc. are all creatively deconstructed (I.e lobster tacos and tuba ceviche). Eating tapas style is recommended so you will get a taste of several items. I'm not exactly sure what is Peruvian cuisine, but the waitress was really helpful with the menu and recommendations. She recommended the tuna ceviche and lobster tacos, which was all delicious. It may not seem like much food in the beginning, but we were stuffed quickly after just three menu items of the tuna ceviche, lobster tacos, and fish tacos. Don't let your eyes become bigger than your stomach! Overall a great and fun experience at Mizado's!Brunch was great but no churros and the server we had sucked but the bar back and food runners made it a memorable meal one of the food runners even ran out to give us a compact we left at the tableThe best thing about Mizado continues to be the staff. Our server was prompt and friendly.
On my last visit, I was underwhelmed by the food. I happened to make a return visit with a couple of friends, but Mizado still did not wow me.
As usual, the chickpeas and pickled vegetables are a nice touch. We also ordered chips and roasted jalapeno salsa crema. It was okay, but it was all heat and no flavor. And the bag of chips was too small for three people; we still had half a bowl of salsa leftover by the time we finished the chips. We didn't ask for another order of chips because the salsa wasn't that great.
I ordered the gaucho steak. It did not taste like beef at all, it tasted exactly like lamb. Had a really bland, un-beefy flavor. It was tender and cooked perfectly medium rare.  It was served with pork belly potatoes, which reminded me of cornbeef hash but it was very, very plain and desperately needed some type of spice or seasoning.
A friend ordered pork tacos, she said they were merely okay. She also ordered a side of plantains which were out of this world. They were sweetly caramelized and served with cotija cheese and crema. Really tasty, be sure to try this if you go.
The other friend ordered the cornish hen. It was beautiful. Not sure how it tasted but he seemed to like it.
Kind of disappointed with my dish. It wasn't inedible but I didn't really enjoy it, and it wasn't what I expected. I wish I had stuck to the fish.You truly cannot go wrong with this place! I mean 10 cent margaritas.... 10 cent margaritas that are really good! The tacos area also delicious. I have had the shrimp and the beef tacos, both of which are delicious. They are not super filling, which I guess leaves a craving for next time. Take a pass on  the "tableside" guac. Literally it was 1.5 avocados and very little else for $10! We actually took the salsa from our purchased order of chips and salsa to spice/flavor things up. I must say, my only complaint about this place besides no free chips is the service is really slow. I'm pretty sure that each margarita is hand shaken, so as you can imagine things get backed up. My last and second visit to Mizado, we did not receive our first margarita until we were almost done with our tacos. The waitress was super friendly, but a little slow to communicate the delay to us. All in all, I would send my good friends here. =)Great food and good staff! I always make sure to eat here every 5-6 months. My favorite time to go is for brunch. Their sweet guacamole is out of this world. The only problem with this place is that it gets extremely loud around dinner time when its a full house. Other than that, perfect spot to visit!!We had a group on 5 of us. We were seated almost immediately on a Friday night. The hostess was very nice and so was our waitress. I wish I could remember her name, but she was a doll. The best tasting food here is the pork belly apps and the Shrimp Skewers. The only negatives are that the food portions are so small for the price you pay, the parking, and finally the noise level. 
 I told the waitress about how good the food was, but wish the portions were bigger and she said the food is meant to be shared, I am guessing as in a small plates or tapas type of restaurant. I just wish the portions were bigger. The tacos are very small and you only get 3 (maybe 4 inches diameter. Then you pay almost the same price for 3 as you do for 2 of the 'specialty' ones. But I also recommend the pork belly tacos and the sauces that comes with the different types of tacos are phenominal. Oh and table guacamole is a must. 
The second negative is the noise level. I was sitting in a booth with my family and could hardly hear them. Maybe some curtains set up would help that? Next time I think I will opt to sit outside just because of the noise level. Overall very good restaurant. Love the fire pit and ambience outside.
And finally the parking sucks because there is no parking. The whole area is vallet and I can't stand vallet parking, I mean what is the point? You have to park under the i-10 bridge and play frogger to cross the street and hope you dont get hit by a zooming car.-1st time here
-need more experienced wait staff.  all too young and lacking speed
-chef very nice and customer oriented
-very long wait so ate at bar
-took 30 minutes to get drinks
-ate lobster tacos/guacamole/cobia sashimi/grilled shrimp(not sure of name)- all delicious!!
Definitely try it and make up your own mind.Insanely surprised, exceeded all expectations. A truly amazing Latin restaurant and thank goodness, we need them here. From the complimentary garbanzo beans and ceviche, queso fundido, platanos, duck tamale, carne tacos (fajita style, you make yourself), and the sashimi style tuna with avocado, jalapeño, cucumber, cilantro, sesame, the flan creme brûlée hybrid desert with whip cream, fresh margaritas with agave nectar and our friendly server. Thank y'all.More expensive tacos than Rum House. And you don't get to pick a variety of tacos. However, the seta, with mushrooms and kale, was one of the best tacos I have ever had. Just the right about of seasoning. Not very filling as I was hungry again an hour later so will get a side next time. Lots of quac was coming out, but again, rather expensive. I will go back soon for ceviche and the quac. And of course a margarita!If Guy Fieri did mexican food in metry and then that place went out to a bar and had sex with a TGI Fridays, you have Mizado.
Our server was like a robot with the repetitive rehearsed commentary. Taking saccharine fake to another level. 
THE ENTIRE EXPERIENCE WAS UNBELIEVABLY LOUD. The 4 drunk birthday screechers at the next table were a real treat. This was a friday night and apparently, people like this. 
It took 20 minutes to retrieve the car parked literally feet away while 2 morons sat there with eyes agape wondering how to handle the brain dead valet system. Wait..Im going to go to the bathroom again.... 
I had the chimichurri beef... i can't even. It wasn't remotely latin american. Nothing anyone had was.  Pre-sliced tasteless beef on top of what looked like some sort of potato hash with bacon in it, covered in onion rings. It wasn't delicate.
They also did this annoying ipad ordering thing that increased interaction time with the waitress, who just COULD NOT believe we weren't taking advantage of Lobster Fest What? who need this? Clown shoes.
Edit: I was literally ill when I wrote this from the meal, in fairness:
the margaritas were not from a mix, and were good
the guac was good
the tacos were ok that other people had
it looked better than semolina did
go literally anywhere else.I'm not sure how much longer they will be open because they were closing but changed their minds. Happy hour prices were decent with half off apps and cheaper than normal alcohol. 
Appetizers The queso was pretty good creamy and clearly made with a blend of cheeses that went well with the spicy sauce. It does thicken as you eat it so don't eat it too slowly.  The triple salsa is cool because you get to try multiple types I particularly enjoyed the creamy jalapeno.
Entrees you only get two tacos and while they arent particularly expensive two kind of left me hungry. You have to get appetizers, sides, or another order of taco. But my pato tools were delicious especially with the fresh lettuce  (lean) shell.5 stars for:
- jalepeno cucumber margarita
- grilled fish tacos
- fast service
1 star for:
-price/value. Too expensive for what you get. 
- parking situation. 3/4 of their lot is reserved for valet. The restaurant is not big enough to expect that lot to ever overflow, thus necessitating valet. Just let people park their own cars.
That being said, I will be back for the items listed above, when I save up some money. I'm a sucker for a good margarita and fish taco.A nicer twist to a Mexican restaurant is how I would describe mikado. The guacamole is ok, could use some spice and maybe cilantro, but other than that the food is quite awesome. Our waitress, Elizabeth, could not have been nicer. The overall experience was enjoyable. I would defiantly come back.Great food. My family (from ages 9 to 93) loved it, awesome setup, love the guacamole and all the food!!!The food was mediocre. The service was LOUSY. The drinks were delightful. Not surprised at all that this place is closing. I'll miss the coconut margs, nothing else.This is not a Mexican Restaurant. In fact they are closed for Cinco de Mayo. This is a Latin Restaurant with flavors from various countries. 
The drinks are strong, the food has always been on point and the service has been outstanding. 
I recommend getting the chips with the 3 salsa choices. The taco's a very good, steak works here and the shrimp is delicious. Get yourself a Margarita on the rocks and the salt foam is a pleasant surprise. 
Oh, leave room for dessert. They have their version of Flan which hits the spot.Wish I could give 3.5 stars, but will have to leave 3 stars! My discontent lies with my order being taken incorrectly and how overpriced the food is for what little you get. I haven't dined in the restaurant so I cannot comment on their service.
I placed an order for pick-up over the phone. When my boyfriend and I arrived to get our food, the order had been missing an item and had a few extra items that we hadn't actually ordered. It was partially my mistake for not asking the person on the phone to repeat the order back to me. However, being so hungry, we decided to just pay for everything except 1 dish so we could go home and eat. 
Don't get me wrong, the flavors are fantastic! We had the tuna tiradito, duck tacos, and skinny lobster tacos. Unfortunately, the portions are maaaaad tiny and each order of tacos only comes with 2 small tacos. The total was close to $50 and we were still hungry after eating our food.
The take-away: You will easily rack up a high bill here if you want to leave with a full belly!Seriously fresh food and a creative menu. Had dinner here with a group of co-workers, and we loved it.I like this place. A new twist on Mexican cuisine. The fish tacos were pretty good but the beef enchilada was very tasty. Both dishes were "spiced" in a non-traditional way. Definitely sample the sauces. The challenge will be the parking if you arrive during prime time. Definitely a place to come back to.This place would probably be a great place for lunch but not so much for dinner and unless you feel like sitting in the cafeteria that's loud and cramped. What's with those chairs?? I'm slouching in it waiting for some kid to take my lunch money. The outside patio lounge area is the best place to have dinner weather permitting. All the guacamoles were great and the tacos were good but small. You're better off going to the rum house if you looking for tacos at a decent cost. Here the carne tacos $16 with one side. At the rum house you'll get three (trifecta) for $13 and its filling. Don't get me wrong everything here was great it's just one big and expensive taco truck.Food was amazing, wine was great and our server Elizabeth was awesome! I have to give her serious kudos for being an example of how wait service should be done. Overall the entire staff we interacted with were great, but she really made the meal memorable. Service can make or break a meal, and mizado doesn't fail!Good menu selection and food looked as good as it tasted. I had the smoked pork belly appetizer and coconut shrimp tacos. Service was friendly and knew the menu well.This is definitely one of my favorite Latin restaurants in the city. I love their unique flavor, and wide variety of salsa's. Highly recommend this place!We had previously had a bad server experience but went back for happy hour and were pleasantly surprised. Great prices and great bartenders. And a wonderful appetizer list that was half off. It is a touch too loud so would not recommend going with more than a few people.I really like the decor, and the food is very good and interesting.  But I dont like to go too often because the drinks are mediocre at best.....and if the bar sucks, then whats the point?
The glasses are small, I REALLY hate the martini glasses..cheap glass and small.....3 sips and its GONE!! The quality of the drink is completely variable....and I detest sending drinks back.
The bar service is below average, even after several visits they don't seem to pay much attention to you, and the key to any decent bar is that they remember how you like your drink, even when they get it right, certainly not anywhere near what I expect for the money paid and from my experiences anywhere in town and out.  Having said that, one of the girl bartenders seems to be the best, but again....I dont want to plan my outing around who is tending bar!!!
For that reason I would say try it for the food, but I wouldnt go for the drinks.Great food and service!
Loved the atmosphere and menu selection.
Please go by and have a bite!I've been here several times, and I've really enjoyed it every time. Service is always friendly and fast, and the food is always great. One time, I felt everything was a little too hot, but still good. Every other time, the food has been great. 
Good specialty drinks and decent beer. Very comfortable and casual.
I definitely recommend it.The food is very fancy Mexican food and margaritas are stronger than they taste. The price is a little high though. The waiters use iPads to send the food orders in and it comes out fast. They have salt foam on the margaritas if you're looking for more than salt. Great seafood tacos, awesome steak dish, and tons of different salsas.
Highly recommendedWhile I do love Mizado, I have never understood their music selection. At this moment, extremely annoying EDM is playing. It ranges from mildly to intensely irritating. 
The prickly pear margarita with salt foam is just right to knock the edge off the music.I've been here a couple of times and the food has steadily gotten more disappointing. 
My first visit would have been 5 stars - you must come here! I got delicious tacos (pork belly and Mushroom) and the chips and salsa were delicious and unique! I liked it so much I even came here for my work birthday lunch!
My second visit was 'ok at best. We went during lunch in late March and opted to try all the salsas (we were a big group). Splitting the check was easy and the service was ok. I was very disappointed that at 11 am on a Monday they were out of two different types of tacos... This was the first time I tried the Mac and Cheese and it was delicious.
My third time (and maybe last time) visiting was last night. Mom and I got the cucumber jalapeno margs that we saw on facebook, guacamole, one salsa, mac and cheese, and the family style chicken tacos.
The Margs were delicious, which they should be at $10.
The guacamole was average at best...kinda fun to see them mix it at table side.
The one salsa we got was not really impressive by itself, I would go with a trio of salsa and skip the guac.
The mac and cheese was the savior of the meal.
The chicken tacos were disgusting... 
Since the tacos were family style everything came separated out and you could mix it together to 'build your taco.' I took my corn tortilla, put my chicken on it, skipped the onions, and put the sauce on top of the chicken.
The first bite I took was very gross... I couldn't tell if I didn't like the sauce or the chicken, but after the second bite I decided I really didn't like the tacos. I didn't want to be picky so I just kept eating the Mac and Cheese.
When it came time to eat the second taco, Mom and I were kinda just playing around with our food and Mom finally said "I think this chicken is bad.." and I said "OMG!! Me too!!"
The weird thing is, when we told our waitress, she quickly took away the food (we only ate about 4 pieces out of the whole chicken strips) and the general manager came over. He told us that this dish is one of the most critiqued dished on their menu and went to tell us the cooking style for the chicken. We explained to him that the texture of the chicken was not the issue, but it tasted like the chicken was old. It actually tasted like chicken breasts (or strips) that were frozen, defrosted, frozen again and then cooked.
The manager was very nice and took the tacos off of our bill. 
If I decide to go again, I may just cal to see if they have the mushroom taco...that one was the best.My complaint about Mizado is simple: they lied to me. We had wanted to try it since it's a new restaurant, but Mizado is inconveniently located and difficult to get to. Tonight we were out walking in the neighborhood and called to see if there was a wait for tables. The answer was "No wait." Five minutes later, we showed up and were told there was a 20-25 minute wait for tables. What? They claimed a lot of customers had just arrived. Seriously? Needless to say, we will not be going back to Mizado. Most restaurants try to estimate wait times conservatively. If they lie about that, how can you trust the food?Perfect! Except sit at a booth, the table lighting is horribleI've been several times and the food and services has been great each time. I love going during happy hour when the appetizers are half price. The steak screwers are awesome!Brunch! I have had some 4/5 star visits previously (my issue was with serving sizes), but going to Sunday brunch was definitely 5/5. Bottomless mimosas, bloody marys, and bloody marias for only $10 put Mizado above any other brunch place in my opinion. That alone is enough to go, but the food is delicious and unique as well. We had the brunch menu tamale and carnita, recommended by Manager Kat, and they were amazing. Each dish was about $12 and it was very filling. Server Caitlin also made our experience pleasant-- always smiling, nice, knowledgeable, and quick!  
I enjoy Mizado because each outing is different. The menu changes, the specials change, and the drinks are so yummy. The place is trendy and fun, the service is great, and the food comes quick and is delicious. I'd recommend to anyone who enjoys trying new places and cuisine. 
Oh, and they have a lighted, outdoor patio with a TV that I'm dying to try!Friends and I came for a few snacks and drinks. I got the Chipotle Sunrise margarita. It was the most beautiful pink/purple color and SO tasty! We all agreed I had the best cocktail at the table. A close rival, however, was the Cucumber Jalepeno margarita. So refreshing! 
We ordered traditional guacamole because that seemed like "the thing" to do. It was excellent! Salmon ceviche was ordered and that was my first time trying salmon ceviche but it was delish! I am anxious to try the tuna ceviche. Maybe next time...
The Skinny lobster tacos were incredible and did pack an unexpected kick. Also the Peking duck tacos were fabulous and all of the tacos looked like a work of art!
Being a fatty, I had to see dessert. I forgot the name. It was similar to a flan but it was caramel and it was creme brûlée style with whipped cream. I literally could have eaten ten bowls of that stuff. OMG.
Fun fact: the drinks with salt come with a salty foam on top. Pretty cool! 
Definitely going back for more things! NOM NOM NOMTotally overrated and overpriced.  
The place just feels cheap, like they cut corners to save money.  The seats are made of those cheap plastic lawn chairs.  SO uncomfortable.
Poor service, our server seemed like she wanted to quit and was rude to us! When we told her the guacamole was off, she left the guac and didn't come back with a new batch lol. The food was average, we had to it send back some meat as it was too raw.  Then we had to argue cause we didn't get a finished guac and I'm not paying for that.
Also, why are TINY PORTIONS with crazy prices so popular?!  And the food was just average nothing special at all.  Try another Mexican place, you work to hard for your money!YUM!!!!!! I had the duck tamale, so good!  The Mac & Chorizo is awesome.  All the salsas are great.  An awesome NOLA find that I'm sad I'm just now trying out as I am moving this weekend.  Wish I would have met you sooner Mizado Cocina!Food very very good. Tipping policy SUCKS!!!! This place adds a 20% gratuity to the check.Bumpy start when our reservation for my husband's 50th birthday celebration.  They recovered amazingly second go around.  Phenomenal food and server.  They sent over champagne to help us celebrate.
 Thanks for making it special-we will be back!So the restaurant is beautiful and welcoming and they have great Happy Hours from 2-6 Monday thru Friday. That's where my compliments end. The guacamole was almost inedible and the chips were sparse and over-cooked. The $5 a glass of wine at Happy Hour is week at best...in a 12oz bubble glass it wasn't even filled to 1/4 portion. The margarita was lacking any flavor but tart, tart, lime. This is my second visit for Happy Hour and I'm sad to say I will not be making a third. With all the excellent competition in NOLA it's easy to see why this place has only 3 patrons at HH!This place was good don't get me wrong but for the price it just wasn't worth it to me. We got the queso and added chorizo which was good, but I've had better. The menu was rather small as well. Mostly tacos, 3 entrees, and some salads. I tried the pork cheek taco which was ok at best. The toppings of the taco was too spicy even though I do enjoy when my food has heat. I took a bite of my boyfriends duck taco and it was better than mine, but still wouldn't order it again. We got black beans with chorizo and the Brussel sprouts as a side, both were very good. I recommend if you do try this place get those. The drinks were good but too pricy as well. Overall I'm glad I tried it but I wouldn't go back since it didn't wow me and there are so many other restaurants in New Orleans that will.Consistently great service and good food! This isn't your typical tacos and tamales place it's better! If you want typical go to Carretas which I like but doesn't compare. My favorite must haves every time are the cucumber jalapeño margaritas, tuna tiradito, Latin tuna tataki, and now the duck tamales which I did not get a picture of because me and my boo gobbled it down too fast. Enjoy :)The guacamole and drinks are the only reason I go. With that being said...I've been a number of times because their guac and cocktails are just that good.The ceviche selection is excellent and their menu adds some new twists on old favorites.I'm obsessed with their chicken sandwich and I order it religiously almost twice a week take out a couple times they've mixed up my order I get home it's not the right thing or they say that it takes 15 minutes  when it really takes 25 minutes I want to love this place so bad but please get it togetherA little pricey but they food was really good and really different.  It wasn't like Carreta's Mexican, it was a little more sophisticated tasting.  Only thing I didn't like was the salsa, it needed cilantro and more flavor.  I would recommend it, I will go back.  They gave us so pickled vegetables and crispy fried garbanzo beans complimentary before the meal, yum.I love Mexican food. I hate cilantro. It tastes like soap to me, just like it does to 20% of the population. So, if Mizado is going to dump a handful of cilantro on every dish, I sure wish they would include that on the menu.
With this in mind, I ordered the Tuna Tiradito, no cilantro, & the Chimichurri (steak) rare. The tuna came out sans cilantro as requested &, while a little too spicy, it was fresh & respectable. Then the beef emerged absolutely COVERED in cilantro. I realize our server isn't a mind reader, but beyond the lack of common sense displayed in failing to suggest that I may also want to order my steak without cilantro, she was also rude. I sent the steak back & her response was a curt, "But [the cilantro] is on the menu." Me: "No, it's not. I would've ordered it without cilantro if it was on the menu." The waitress then proceeds to fetch a menu & bring it back to the table. Now I'm pissed! Especially since - TA-DA! - there is in fact NO cilantro listed as an ingredient in the steak dish. I guess this was sufficient justification for her to finally take it back. In an exaggerated Joe Pesci, "My Cousin Vinny" tone: "I'm SO GLAD I could accommodate you!"
While I'm waiting for a new steak dish, I order a second cocktail. Now, this was a busy weekend night, but, even though we were sitting in a booth right next to the bar, it took her 10 minutes to even put the drink order in, as I saw the exact moment when she made eye contact with me & realized she'd forgot. All told, the second drink took 20 minutes to get to our table. We were so close that I was tempted to go behind the bar & make it myself.
Then the steak returns. Shitty, overcooked, gristly steak that I was too tired of sitting there to send back a second time. If Applebee's & Taco Bell had a developmentally disabled kid, it would be this place.Delicious ceviche. Perfect blend of sweet, sour, salty, and crunchy .Been here twice. Always had a GREAT experience. Service was superb! I like that the order placed table side, decreasing errors. Drinks are delivered by someone at the bar instead of your server, so they stay fresh. Very impressive. 
They food was spectacular both times too. Order ANYTHING. It's our new fave neighborhood spot. Midcity fa' life!Mizado is brought to you by the same guys who created the very popular Zea's, and they have another hit here. I usually don't eat Tex-Mex since most dishes at such places are simply rearrangements of beans rice cheese protein tortillas sour cream guacamole and salsa.  And they usually serve glow-in-the-dark green margaritas and give you a silly sombrero on cinco de mayo. But I do love Mexican  food, and this what Mizado is all about. 
I started out with  a Margarita flavored with pomegranate juice which was nice. I wished I had simply tried a plain one made with lime to see if it glowed. Will do so next time. Then my 2 dining companions and I split some dishes. First we had guacamole which is made tableside. It is is certainly different from what you get  elswhere. The avocados are remakably fresh and tasty. There is very little in the way of other ingredients- a little salt, garlic, cilantro, and lime juice- and I mean a little. The result is what some might call bland, but I think is an unfair characterization. My guess is this is how guacamole is served in the place of its origin, simple to allow a great avocado to shine which it did. Our server also brought out a trio of salsas as well as the house salsa. Frankly, the house was my favorite with a nice kick of cumin. And again, all fresh ingredients. 
Then on to the main stuff. We passed around a side of the chorizo mac and cheese which was excellent. Then we shared 3 differenct tacos- chorizo, pescado frito, and pato. Of the three, the fried fish and the duck confit were the better and were awesome. The fish itself is wonderful, cubes of redfish (not tilapia or some other tasteless fish) served with pickled cabbage and a nice tartar sauce. The pato or duck is Peking duck confit, caramelized sweet onion, and fresh pineapple melon salsa. It was my favorite, and when I go back I will get it again. The chorizo was plenty good as well. I also really liked the house made sauce which works with just about everything and the tortillas themselves are excellent. 
A couple of downsides. First the service was very friendly (very attractive wait staff and front of house) but very uneven. Second the noise is crazy, with music playing fairly loudly and everyone talking louder than normal to be heard over it. Even the servers had trouble hearing us. It could be a generational thing because it was a very young crowd . I have younger friends who seek out such venues because they love dining in that atmosphere. It's just not my thing.
I thought the prices were very reasonable especially given the quality of the ingredients and the result. My guess is there is very little here that is canned or processed, maybe none. 
All in all I was very pleased with Mizado and will def return.Tonight was the third time I've dined at this restaurant and there are so many things I love about it. 
The decor is fantastic. So modern and chic.  I love the look of the bar and the music they play is modern. (Like Britney and GaGa modern, which I found refreshing for what is considered a "Latin American, Mexican" restaurant.  
The frozen margaritas are wonderful. I'm pretty sure my friend had a pomegranate one the first time I was there with him. He loved it and dines here often.  I think he secretly has a crush on one of the servers, but I'll never betray his trust.  Decent wine list. Great cocktail list. 
The guacamole (made table-side) was fresh and delicious, although I like a ton of cilantro and lime in mine. I don't think there was any cilantro or lime in it to be honest but I'm not 100% sure. I could be wrong. There are several different types of guacamole to choose from too. The server making the guacamole couldn't have been nicer when I asked him if he could stop for a second for me to take a picture. I know that can be annoying to servers.  The queso was the best I've ever had, manchego shaved on top. My friends had the Anticucho de Carne which is grilled filet mignon skewers served with a green salsa.  I don't eat red meat but the salsa was fantastic. During one of my previous dining experiences, my friend and I had the salsa sampler.  I really enjoyed the tomatillo salsa, but could have lived without the other two (which I can't remember which ones we had).  However, the concept is great and there are several salsas to choose from.  
I'm going to preface this by saying I'm not a huge fan of spicy food.  However, I've had the Camaron Tacos twice but one of the times I've had them they were too spicy.  Inedibly spicy,  I'm afraid. If you can handle the fire - I say go for it but next time I'm going to stick with something a little milder.
My friends and I sat at the bar (the bartender was great), but I was a little disappointed that the dining room was practically empty.  It was a monday night, about 7pm so I'm sure that's the reason but I'd hoped to see more diners there.  The place is fantastic.If I had to eat one thing for the rest of my life it would be the Tuna Tiradito... The only thing bad about it is that I can't get an endless supply.Loved this place!  From the modern decor, to the amazing food, this place did it for me. 
I loved the creativity of the dishes. My personal favorite was the pork belly plantain skewers. Wow, so many flavors and textures. The guacamole was a highlight too. 
We stat outside, and the traffic was a little noisy, but expected right by the freeway. 
The service was really good. The food came fast, and several people were always checking on our table, even though the inside of the restaurant was full, and we were 1 of only 2 tables occupied outside. 
The cucumber and jalapeño margarita is a MUST!  I will be back....often.What a surprise for Sunday brunch. Came here because everything else was so packed. What a great surprise. Food and drinks were fantastic. Staff is very pleasant. We will DEFINATELY come back here for Sunday brunch. The usually brunch items plus all their regular dishes. You must get the guacamole with pistachios. Amazing.Thoroughly enjoyed everything last night.  They started our table of 7 off with a sampling of special crunchy seasoned chick peas and pickled vegetables which both had some really good flavors.  Then came my house mojito which made me want to be on the beach with the wind in my hair and sand on my toes.  What a yummy treat.  Then came the fresh guac and  trio of salas with chips and pico which were all very delicious and unique, except some of those salas made my mojito disappear really quick, LOL but well worth it.  We all ordered something different but i didn't try anything else except for my fried fish tacos which were to die for and i had no desire to share.  The mardi gras flavors of the evening left me wanting to go back again real soon.  Our server Karl was the best.  Very knowledgeable helpful and funny to boot.  Service impeccable as was the hostesses.  Very dimly lit at 9pm and hard to read menu with my bad eye sight so i will have to go back where there is more natural light so i can get a better glimpse of things.  So only one photo tonight of a cool light fixture over our table.  News flash... In a few weeks following mardi gras season, look for them to open maybe for lunch on saturday or a sunday funday brunch.  Cant wait.Fantastic service fresh drinks and flavorful food that is well worth the price. Got the queso and salsa sampler to start it was delicious. The avocado cream salsa was my favorite. We ordered the shrimp tamale and split the beef tacos which was plenty of food for two people. The food is defiantly worth the price and I actually prefer smaller portions that have big flavor, I have always hated leftovers or portions where I can't even eat a third. Plus their meats and seafood are higher quality. Grass fed beef just tastes so much better. The desert custard was amazing. I got the pineapple mojoito. My only suggestion is if you have heartburn take a nexium if your gonna eat some of the spicier options.Was in town for brunch, and was taken here by family.  I was not disappointed.  There coffee was delicious (not pictured), the ambiance was nice and the workers were tentative.  We had the following:
- Chorizo Fundido - housemade Duroc chorizo, queso blanco, cotija, mozzarella and manchego sauce, served with crisp tortilla strips - delicious, cheesy, and just the perfect amount of chorizo.  Make sure to eat it quick though, the cheese hardens faster than you can eat
- Tamale Ranchero - masa cake, housemade Duroc chorizo black beans, mozzarella, salsa roja, fried eggs, cilantro, crispy corn tortilla strips - delicious tamale, wish there were more meat
- Carne Asada Con Huevos - beer-braised, grass-fed natural steak and fried eggs, pork belly potatoes, cilantro - this was the star winner of the visit, after a long night, perfectly seasoned, and cooked to perfection
I would be back.I  definitely enjoy this place whenever i get the chance to come. I am a big fan of Tequila so automatically i enjoy a bar with tequila and bartender knowledge of the different types of Tequilas. The bartender was so knowledgeable about the many different types of Tequila and he was so passionate about it. He had enough experience to let me know what i may and may not like. We even had a convo about Rums. The food was good. I enjoyed my queso and lobster dip. I actually got full off the queso Dip alone so i had no room for anything else. Me and my friend went and we were able to keep the glass . We had a wicked margarita that had this sangria taste and it was just good. There's an outside seating with blocks so it looks really  romantic and just intimate!  I enjoyed it. I will be back!!I love Mizado! It is modern "latino" cuisine, but as a Louisianan I'm not well versed in Central and south American food. But their food is delicious.
I've been twice on a Sunday around 12 PM, where we were given an option of brunch menu or the regular one. They serve some small/share plates, which is right up my alley. The next time I went was a weekday evening and we sat on the patio.
I love the tableside traditional guacamole. I tried the guac "India" and it wasn't my thing but I'm a huge fan of avocado and don't see any need to improve on the original guacamole recipe. The salmon tiradito was the bomb, and all the salsas I tasted were distinct and yummy.
TRY THE CUCUMBER JALAPENO MARGARITA. It packs a punch but I fell in love. I don't think I could drink more than one but I would not stop talking about how much I loved it. 
Brunch has $10 bottomless mimosas, which is always fun but even better at that inexpensive price! The prices otherwise are a bit steep if you are looking to try everything on the menu, but definitely worth a date night or a special celebration.
The atmosphere of the restaurant is perfect, it feels open and airy, and they have quaint outside seating. The location close to the interstate never bothered me. The service is always on point, the ladies who have waited on me have been friendly and attentive, and seem to like their job.This place has terrific food, creative drinks and good wine.  The food is very inventive and you can easily eat light fare here without feeling overwhelmed, which is great for me, but if you have someone with you with a bigger appetite, you may want to encourage them to order a couple of things.  I only have one complaint about this place; IT IS LOUD.  We went there with a group of eight people and it was impossible to have any meaningful conversation.  I would not consider this a great spot for a big group, but a small group of four would be okay.  Overall, a good experience.Nested next to the I-10 in New Orleans is this site that used to house the old Louisiana Gas Company. Over the years this location as changed to be the home for many different establishments, but I think it has finally reached its finally destiny with Mizado. I must admit that I know New Orleans has amazing options for foods, but I was not expecting much from the Latin spectrum. Boy was I pleasantly surprised. We started with the chorizo fundido which had great flavors. Fun signature drinks and flavors in the pork and chicken tacos. This place is a winner in my book. 
The vibe is modern trendy with fast service, which I loved. It was a bit loud and the music selection needs to be changed to match more of the cuisine, but overall the experience was great.I'm obsessed with their chicken sandwich and I order it religiously almost twice a week take out, a couple times they've mixed up my order I get home it's not the right thing or they say that it takes 15 minutes when it really takes 25 minutes I want to love this place so bad but please get it togetherThis review is based on the total experience that I had based on these specific factors on this one visit.
1. Wait time=0 minutes. We arrived at 5:00 and were sat immediately. Decor is semi-modern. 
2. It was happy hour, so drinks and apps were half price. My frozen pomegranate margaritas were extremely delicious and very STRONG. And they were only $4.00. After just two of these, I was a very happy girl.  
3. Since it was happy hour, we decided to just get several half priced appetizers to share. My absolute favorite was the pork tamale at $4. It was huge and flavorful, with some type of exotic sweet salsa on top.  Next time I'm just getting two of those and calling it a day :)
4. Servers are very cordial and super attentive.  We were treated very well by them. 
All in all, it was a very enjoyable experience. The fact that I was there with my lovely daughter, who is such great company, may or may not have factored in to this review!!  But either way, We had a terrific time at Mizado's!Love the sou vide tri tip steak! So tender and has a great char and flavor. The potatoes and onion straws were great too.Delicious, creative, cool decor!  Also emphasis on the 'small' plates, almost like tapas.  Not quite as 'kid friendly' as I was hoping, more of a trendy spot; would like to come back with friends.Really sad to write this post but it is what it is.
We have been coming here for a year now. My son love it and always wants to go here when we go out to eat.
The past 2 times we have had issues though.
LAST time (couple weeks ago) we ordered the same things as we always doWe got there in time for happy hour ordering then sat and waited about 10 minutes for our server to come back to take our order. When she finally  did it was about 5 till and she said happy hour was over but we told her we had been waiting for her to come over the whole time. When we got our bill they over charged us (for our guacamole) and when I asked about it she said "oh we raised our prices" but we showed her our menu with the prices listed and she said "it was an old menu". She acted like she didn't understand. Finally the manager came over and agreed with us and fixed our bill.
Then we got take out a few days ago and everything was fine.
Then TONIGHT... we ordered same as we always do. There was a hair in my food. I stopped the manager bc she was passing by. I asked her to please just switch it out. It wasn't a big deal to me I was just hungry!
She came back with the new one and offered us a dessert since there was a hair in my food. Then when we got our bill we were over charged again. Since we order something that is no longer on their menu (but they say they can still make it) she charged us for it ($16 which is has always been) plus $20 for a 2 pair taco (which isn't even what we ordered). (They charged us $36 for the family tacos which should have only been $16.). I told server we didn't order that and she said that they changed their menu and the prices went up. BUT THE PAST 2 TIMES IT WAS $16. Super shady. Unfortunately this place has lost our business.  CHECK YOUR RECEIPT BEFORE YOU GIVE THEM YOUR CARD AND AFTER!!!!I am giving this place 2 stars. Not due to poor food taste or quality. The food was phenomenal. The service was phenomenal. I am giving it 2 stars due to the fact of being assured the carne tacos, chips, salsa, and guacamole were 100% gluten free and would be prepared with special precautions due to my daughter having celiacs. After eating here, my daughter was sick for 3 days. This place may consider themselves gluten free, but they are not Celiac friendly!I'll be honest here - upon arrival, I was less than impressed. The host (male) was inattentive and seemed as though us walking in was an inconvenience. He was dismissive and certainly would  never work for me. We were given bar only menus and told that the kitchen was already closed because it was 9:50 p.m. I had been wanting to try this place for some time (I mean, the guys who brought us Semolina and Zea's - this has GOT to be good!) and my initial impression was less than stellar. 
THEN... along comes their manager, John Magliolo, and boy did he turn things around! He apologized for the host and said he had no idea why we were given the wrong menu, and he gave us the correct one. He and our server (Allison?) made some great suggestions and we took them up on nearly every single one of them - and so glad we did!
The guac, which is mixed table side, was so fresh and delicious. And there was a fish dish (escapes my memory of the name) - it was thinly sliced raw tuna, sliced avocado and jalapenos, with a ponzu-type sauce and shallots. So delicious! I can't imagine a return visit without it! And although the dining room was empty (as it was near closing time), our server and the manager were so attentive and the food was fresh and delicious! It takes a great manager to turn things around and delicious food to seal the deal. Mizado did not disappoint - it rose to the occasion!
Looking forward to returning and so glad to have such an awesome option close to home. Great job, y'all!We were expecting so much more from this restaurant due to how hip and chic it looks from the outside. Hubby and I dined there one night after a Pelicans win. The place blares with hip-hop music and the very young staff play the part. We sat in a booth and heard the 50ish couple in the booth behind us say something to their server about how loud the music was; the server's response, "Yes, they are going after a younger crowd!" Can you imagine the idiocy of such a response to a not so young couple? The servers were obnoxiously inexperienced and falling all over themselves. The management staff was meeting to discuss business in the booth just north of us. Not one of them thought to ask us how we enjoyed our meals; we were not acknowledged and this was during their recent opening! The salsa sampler is served on a saucer with impressions in the plate for a teaspoon. Have you ever tried scooping salsa off of a saucer? That is how little you get. The pork belly taco was chewy and putrid. I do not see how this place will make it with it cafeteria-styled chairs and tables, cold interior and pretty awful food. Is the "younger crowd" really going to spend the money to keep this place in business by eating alligator tacos....very limited menu, trying to be something it is not, pretentious. Save your time and money, drive three more minutes to El Gato Negro for some real Latino food. The owners should consider closing down for 30 days, reopen with an open kitchen for diners to see what is being cooked, put in a counter up close and personal to the open kitchen, change the music to original Latin music, dim the lights, add candles, and revamp menu and food presentation. Make the place as hip inside as it looks from the outside.The place has a very modern, Latin, relaxing feeling as you walk in. The staff are very laid back and attentive! The food was aammmaazziinngg. I tried one of the fish plate with potatoes and I was in love. I would recommend this place.Excellent ! The house margaritas were outstanding with a salty foam rather. The tuna tartar and shrimp ceviche were incredibly fresh. And guacamole made table side! 
Recommendations beyond those are pork tamales, plaintains, any kind of taco (we had four types and they were all good). The service was excellent.  
I'm thinking this is a great venue for a birthday party, shower, etc.This place is terrible. Tried it for lunch last week. Don't bother unless you want to throw your mint away on someone's interpretation of trendy and cool at the expense of good.Although I have been here quite a few times it has been declining me and my wife both ordered the chimichurri steak both medium rare hers came out perfectly cooked but bland.mine on the other hand took four times to get it right and it was still medium not medium rare and it was also blandExcellent bar staff - friendly, informative & attentive.  The Tres Leches Pan Perdido is a MUST.  For savory go with the Pork Belly Potatoes.  Everything after that is gravy.  A local commented that the Pescado a la Campeche was quite possibly the best fish she's ever had.I got the best service here than I've gotten from anywhere in a long time. Kat was our bartender/server and she was simply amazing. Seriously, consider yourself blessed to have her as your host of the evening. I knew from the very beginning that she would provide good service, but she refused to relent on raising the bar, no pun intended.
Today was my fist time at Mizado, but far from the last. This is a restaurant that offers a lot to like about it. The bar area is separate from the dining room; the bar is equipped for dining in as well. They've also got a nice, outside, covered patio. They really have all areas considered when it comes to guests who may be in different moods about where to to eat.
I had a couple caipirinhas and they were delicious! They have happy hours during the week (Mon-Fri) with different specials each day. *Pro-tip: from 2-6pm, mon-fri, (possibly) their best dish, the duck tamale, is half off along with a number of other menu items. Ask the bartender about the deals.
For starters I went with a trio sampler of salsa. My three of choice was the habenero, roasted jalapeño crema, and tomatillo. All three of them are winners but be warned, that habenero is hot as $hit! It WILL burn out your taste buds. Good thing Kat was on top of that and had an orange slice ready to help me to regain some receptors. Mad luv.
I then had an order of two shrimp tacos and they were pretty good as well. However, I think I phucked up because my friend ordered the duck tamale and after trying it, i just knew i had made a mistake. I almost doubled up on an order, but I know I'll be back, so no rush. You're definitely gonna want that duck tamale in ya life tho. Also tried the chorizo fundido which was pretty good. It's hella cheesy and if you don't eat it fast enough, the cheese becomes difficult to manage.
I don't know what took me so long getting here, but i can say for sure they will be seeing plenty of me up in dat bih.I have been to this restaurant numerous times with my husband on date nights. We travel an hour each way to eat their amazing tamales, tacos and their infamous guac! Their customer service has always been exceptional. We came tonight for our date night to celebrate a mile stone expecting the amazing customer service and food. Unfortunately, our waitress never took our order, brought us our drinks, or served us our food. It was another guy helping us who was incredible. He did what he could but he wasn't our server. To her credit she was bringing our drinks, tab and appetizer about 10 minutes after the guy would bring us those items. We figured she was having an off night but we were highly disappointed in the lack of service while I saw her assisting other tables with high service. A manager came to our table to see how our experience went and my husband kindly shared our experience, but it appeared the manager  was dismissive and defensive through his body language and tone and never shared any type of concern. He said we should have called for him earlier to fix the problem. We didn't call for him earlier because we were hoping our experience would shift with the waitress. It's concerning to me how this manager reacted to my husband who was being very respectful. As much as I love mizados food and have great memories, I refuse to go back knowing the manager's lack of care for our experience. I don't know about everyone else, but I work tremendously hard for my money to go to a place where I'm not valued. Had the manager been kinder about the situation I would have been okay. I was not looking for a free meal, but rather a manager who would be kind enough to acknowledge our experience and not be defensive.This place is al la carte, and the waitress described their food as "modern Mexican." Oh my gawd.... SO GOOD! We had the guacamole with fruit to start and it should have been dessert it was so amazing. We got a little bit of everything. The duck tamale was probably my favorite thing. 
Casual and colorful design, but still done up enough this is a nice place to take someone on a date. Our server was friendly and professional, as well as being very knowledgeable of the menu. 
So glad this place opened!Margaritas are weak and they pour small wine by the glass. Come on man, this is NOLA HAPPY HOUR.Missedado & AWFUL. We made reservations for Sunday brunch, dropped off car with valet & once we entered it was such a disappointment. Dull.  Hostess had trouble understanding we had a reservation. Table had dirty plates stacked for our appetizers. Cocktails were ok. Guacomole table side was a major disappointment.  Server had an attitude when I asked for extra spices, lemon etc.  Other patrons were unhappy & grumbling about not having anyone come to their table, no water or drink order etc. I had to walk to the kitchen to get an iced tea - server was leaning against counter chatting with staff. No sugar on table (?). We had lobster tacos (2), shrimp cervice cocktail, baked eggs and plantain french toast (husband could not eat).  Desert flan was vanilla pudding.  Manager offered to talk to me & I asked if it could wait (as it was my daughter's birthday & did not want to discuss in front of guests) I was so hopeful for this place as it's in my neighborhood.  So attractive on the outside but the inside was more like a diner. I told hostess we had a bad experience and she gave me GM's card. I asked if he was local, she replied he was the GM, twice I asked if he was local, she did not understand so I finally asked if he lived here & answered yes. Hostess said propriotores are same owners of Semolina and Zea.  So Disappointing.Excellent food and great service! The char grilled oysters were beautiful! Will definitely come back!Really good experience. We sat at the bar tonight and had GREAT service. The girl who waited on us was super friendly, knowledgable and helpful. She was very enthusiastic about the food and explained everything in detail, which made it fun and easy to make a decision. The guy who was working with her was also really nice. He told us about the weekday margarita special, which I know we'll take advantage of. The food was also delicious - get the brussel sprouts!
10 CENT Margaritas 11am-2pm M-F (limit 2 per person)...Sat in the bar area. Service was good when it was just the 2 of us but the minute more people came in, we were completely forgotten about.  We had to sit and wait and wait and wait for everything past our first drink. Then we had to request plates, silverware and napkins after we finally got someone's attention for our appetizers. We ordered ceviche which ended up tasting like sushi. Terrible. The guacamole was good!   Chances of any 3 of us going back, ever, is pretty slim.Very impressed with the food and the service. We got the duck app, pork app, steak app, two salsas, and the queso fundido for $30 during their happy hour. Everything was delicious - unique tastes that did not disappoint. Not only will we recommend this place, but we are definitely going back! (We also got a visit from one of the managers. Very nice.)Went here for dinner and we loved it! It is on the higher priced side for what it is but overall we thought it was really good. 
We ordered: 
Jalapeño cucumber margaritas
Table side guacamole 
Tuna Tiraditos-These are DELISH 
Beef tamale
Originally we wanted to also get the tacos but we were so full we couldn't!The food, drinks and service was absolutely wonderful. The blood orange margaritas struck a terrific balence between sweet and the tartness that margaritas seem to have. I feel in love with the red drum fish tacos. The fish tacos were topped with coleslaw and had a wonderfully spicy ancho tarter sauce to accompany it. I will definitely revisit for the fish tacos and the margaritas alone. My waitress Hope was very attentive.Happened to see a giant building high on a corner by an overpass and a graveyard and thought, 'that's a restaurant?'.  The second time driving by, caught the name:  Mizado.  So I thought, 'must be Japanese, cool'.  Went there without researching, craving Japanese food - the decor jived with what I expected from the (to my mind) Asian sounding name.  Surprised to find that that Mizado is a Latin fusion joint.  Japanese craving aside and delighted nonetheless because Latin inspired is an absolute favorite.  The food was well done, well seasoned and had little twists on things like salsa and ceviche.  Apps and entrees were good, all presented with very modern plates and plating.  Sangria, mojitos and margaritas were nice - fine place to have a good lunch.One of my favorite places to eat. I love the atmosphere and the out door patio area. The cucumber jalapeño margarita is amazing. The lobster tacos are also a must have and the grilled steak. So glad they decided to stay open!I am not a big fan of fusion cuisine as most of the time I am disappointed, with the exception of the French-Vietnamese fusion cuisine that I explored a few years ago in Vietnam. 
So the idea of Latin-Mexican fusion sounds better on paper than in realty and my visit to Mizado Cocina last Saturday night confirmed this.  In our attempt to beat the jazz fest crowds downtown and drive towards Metarie to find a place to have dinner, we literally stumbled upon this restaurant off the beaten track in Lakeview.
Mizado Cocina has a lovely modern, trendy ambiance. We were seated promptly and the menu looked great. Caribbean, Latin flavors intertwined with Mexican. 
A various selection of tacos seem to dominate the menu, so we decided to order a combo of pork, chicken and shrimp tacos to share, along with a side of plantains and an entree consisting of a lobster, corn tortilla stack creation.
Overall, the fusion blend was interesting, it gave a sweeter flavor to the cuisine but something was lacking. My lobster tortilla stack was a confusion of spices that just didn't click, the sauces blending into an unappetizing reddish-brownish color with not much flavor.
The pork tacos and the sauteed plantains were the winners, with a medley of Latin spices that combined nicely together. 
Our server was sluggish, innattentive and disorganized. We ordered drinks and they took forever to be delivered and waited an unnecessarily long time for our meal. I would have been more understanding if it was crazy busy, but it was an average crowd. Once the food was delivered we were on our own and had to flag our server down for extra items. These sort of things drive me nuts, when a restaurant is attempting to be upscale, has the decor but does not deliver the food or service that should fit their image.
So I would not go out of my way to eat here if I was back in NOLA. Too much better competition in this town for your dining dollar.Delicious food, amazing service and nice ambiance. The menu is full of authentic Latin dishes including guacamole which is made table side. All the staff members are incredibly helpful and friendly.Where do I begin... The cucumber jalapeño margaritas are so refreshingly delicious! I've been here a few times and can't stop thinking about the duck tamale!! It's heaven in my mouth! The tuna tiraditos and plantains, are also to die for! I have had a few variations of the tacos as well and nothing has disappointed! The great food plus cool and casual atmosphere will definitely keep me coming back for more!I love this restaurant - I love the fact that it exists and that it is nearby. The table side guacamole is fresh and tasty. The cucumber jalapeño margarita is divine and I can't seem to pull away from ordering the carne tacos - which are so perfect that I dream of coming back to get them. I've had the ceviche which is delicious but it's been hard for me to veer off course from the first things I've tried and loved. The great thing is while this is a busy place at happy hour and evening, lunch time is relaxed and wonderful. And I love that they have a patio so you can sit outside and enjoy some of these great days we've been having.This new restaurant from the "Taste Buds" is quite a departure from their earlier successes, Semolina and Zeas.  The ambiance at Mizado Cocina is modern and slick.  While attractive to the eye, it is hard on your ears... The noise level there is distracting.
The menu is full of small dishes that are Mexican-ish.  Several Ceviche variations were offered with Salmon, Tuna, etc.   Just about one third of the menu offered tacos - some with lettuce wraps, and many with soft tortillas.
We found some delicious tamales on the appetizer menu (duck or beef). 
It is difficult to categorize Mizado Cocina... Maybe Tapas?I'm conflicted about this place because the food was pretty damn good and it's a nice restaurant but I am fairly certain I will not go back because of the club loud music and the clientele. I felt like I moved back to Dallas but forgot to slap some heels on and a dress so short you could see my heartbeat. 
The habanero salsa was great as was the cucumber and jalapeño margarita. Not the place for me but the food didn't suck at all!Terrible. Portion sizes made me think this was a snack. If you want to leave even remotely close to full you must order an app, 2 entrees, and a side. 
The pictures on here were so misleading. My tamales barely filled half the tiniest plate ever. The queso is tiny. The one good thing was the mac & chorizo. And my lady friend enjoyed the pretty drinks.Great food and good service.  Would have given it a five but our drinks came out 15 minutes after our chips and salsa.  Really reasonable prices for being a new trendy restaurant.This was my 1st visit to Mizado.  
We didn't have to deal with the apparent "valet parking" issue, because we arrived at 5:30 pm. Only reason we ate this early is due to a performance we were attending later. 
There was a few tables full, and Elizabeth was our server.  She was a very attentive server.  The decor is very modern, and the menu, well, kind of "nouveau fusion Latin cuisine." 
Ordered the pork tamale with the "whatever" sauce on the side.  Thank goodness I did order on the side, or I would not have eaten the tamale.  The sauce was sweet.  Although a dessert lover, I am not a fan of anything "sweet" accompanying my main course.  The other guest had the chicken tacos, which were absolutely nothing to rave about. And the sauce that comes with the tacos, BEWARE.  It was soooo spicy hot, and I just dipped my fork in the sauce.  
Would return maybe for a cocktail, and app, but the entrees, only 3 on the menu, would not be my choice.
The chorizo mac and cheese was YUMMY.Love! Cucumber jalapeño margaritas!! Best margarita ever. The pork belly taco is also a plus :) I usually don't like Latin American/Mexican food but this place will do!Finally, quality novel food at fair prices. Mizado is consistent, and while the servers are young and can get overwhelmed when they're busy, the service still remains a step above. Tableside ordering speeds the process.I've been trying to eat here for a while and finally had an opportunity this week. Came for dinner. Service was excellent. Margaritas were refreshing. Food was delicious. I will definitely return.Great ambiance, amazingly priced $.10 margaritas for lunch, pretty good guacamole, worst carne tacos I ever tasted. Two orders of the carne tacos (4 tacos in total) were both greasy, comically small, way overpriced and overall not edible. Staff took off one of the orders but still charged for the other. Doubt we will ever go back but like I said, margaritas were good.I thought the food was of very good quality, fresh tasting and very creative. We had 12 in our group which is no small chore but we did have concerns with our order.  3 items never came out, 1 item was the wrong one and one order came out as 3 when we ordered 1 (pistachio guacamole) which was a great item. Could have been problems with the ipad they were using to take the order. Had to find server at end of night to pay our bill, i think he gave up. All this will not keep me from trying it again because the food was good....and that is what counts!By far one of our family's favorite restaurants in NOLA!  Coming from California and having traveled to Mexico countless times, I love me some Mexican food.  After looking over the menu, I quickly realized that this was not your typical Mexican restaurant. 
Mizado's owners have designed a menu that feature's the tastes of Mexico, Central America (Yahoo for the Pirate), South America and Japan.
When the wee one and I go, we always start with the Fundido (creamy cheese dip, equal to a fondue) and the classic table side Guacamole.  We laughed when a whole bag of chips was spilled all over our table (unanimous reason: the chips couldn't wait to dive into the Guac!), salivated at the thought of the seasonal Oyster shooters, ooh'd and ahh'd over the tuna tacos and discussed and laughed with the staff of the amount of food we order.  I absolutely love the shrimp anything!  I was disappointed when they removed the skewers from the app menu, but was happy to see that any of the shrimp dishes used the same delicious shrimp.  I can't even describe the flavor....It's just super everything I love.
The first time we went and being a Yelper, we order a bunch of dishes, a lot of dishes.  Obviously, we always carry extras home.  Not even the next, but the day after that, I pulled out the various containers, filled with the bits and bobs that we brought home.  I was instantly transferred back to our table at Mizado.  I couldn't believe how good the food was even as a take home.  Our first visit was indeed a memorable one and it left a strong impression.  We have gone back several times, I have recommended it to friends, I have brought the Pirate and on a recent trip the Nephew from the tropical isle.
Advice: order a few things, share them among the table, chat, talk, laugh, order a couple more things......or come back and do it all over again......We have tried almost every item on the menu and I've enjoyed them all, some more than others, but only due to my personal tastes.
Let's talk parking, it's a small lot and behind the restaurant is a self serve lot if you can fit in.  Otherwise, it's valet.....it doesn't cost any money, a customary tip is a nice gesture, but it's not expected.  I've been when it's empty-ish and the valet literally parked two spaces away and then brought my car back to me when I could have walked.  AND, I've been when the place was packed and my vehicle needed to be parked further away,  Once I had only 1$ cash and another time 10$ for each valet,  They have always been courteous and nice....otherwise park in the back or on the street and walk back.
I've only ever had one drink...The Cucumber Jalapeno Margarita....um.....and that's all I'm ever going to order....ever.
The Crema for dessert is amazing! though little man loved the churros....though honestly we rarely have dessert....
If you like it quiet, go early and if you want the atmosphere to match the disco party on your palate, go later......either time, it's a magical tour of deliciousness! (check out my many photos that bare witness)Let's start with the good, I really enjoyed my food. They start you with complementary roasted/fried chickpeas and some pickles which are both tasty and welcome.
I had the tuna nuevo tacos...which were really lettuce wraps since no tortilla but they were delicious! I enjoyed my salad, the aguacate, although the dressing was not really very garlicy. The queso fundido (say fundido repeatedly to your server...she will not be amused) was yummy too. Anita had the traditional shrimp tacos and really liked those (plus this was her 2nd or 3rd time dining). 
And I enjoyed my cuba libre with mexican coke...which comes with a shot glass of rum and whole bottle coke so mix as needed.
The weird, the manager/host who sat us was a little too used car salesman-y and was sort of off-putting. He finally figured out that we didn't need the sales pitch and wandered away. The server takes your order and immediately inputs into a big tablet/iPad. Which looks really techy, but seems really awkward. 
The annoying, I know this parking lot is really tiny and it makes sense to have a valet but I hate valeting my car. I would never survive in California. OTH the valets were extremely professional and polite and it's free and it does beat hunting for parking only to find an inept person has taken up 2 spots.
They've done a beautiful renovation of this building...it's light and airy and modern. A far cry from it's last 2 incarnations. Since these folks have successfully developed other local chain restaurants, I expect a Mizado Cocina will soon be opening in other locations.Stopped in today for lunch!  Very pleased to see they are celebrating "Day of the Dead" with a special menu!  We tried the Day of the Dead sampler and was very pleased!  Ceviche was great!  Indian Guacamole different in a surprisingly good way!  The chicken enchilada was my favorite.  The mole was just so so.  Overall - first time we have eaten here and I'm sure we will be back!  Trendy well presented Mexican cuisine that also tastes great!!Me and my boyfriend came here last night as a last minute decision, after a coed softball game. We never expected it to be so good! At first, we thought it was pricey and almost kept going back home to the Westbank. I'm glad we didn't! The guacamole was the best we have ever tasted, and were from Florida. The salsa was delicious, and our meals were, too! He ordered the tuna ceviche and I had the shrimp tacos, and both blew our minds with all the flavor in small portions. We topped it off with the lemon custard dessert with vanilla, homemade whipped cream. MmmMmm!  They also have a ton of daily deals and happy hour that we are coming back to try!Finally had the guac. Good but pretty expensive. Shrimp ceviche was way too hot and I like heat. As if someone just dumped in habernaro and the lime juice had gotten bad. Ruined entire dish. Foamy salt in the margaritas still makes me smile thou.Mizado Cocina was fun to try as a one-off visit, but it's not going to be in my regular rotation. I love trying new things and certainly wasn't expecting the standard, predictable Tex-Mex stuff, but the menu was a little too frou-frou for my liking.
The complimentary roasted chickpeas and pickled vegetables were fantastic. None of the tacos really appealed to me, so I decided to play it safe with queso fundido and salsa. The salsa tasted like straight up Tostitos brand from the jar. As a teen and young adult, I thought I hated salsa because I had only ever tasted the Tostito's jarred stuff. Once I tasted the real, homemade, fresh stuff, I became a fan. So, I was very disappointed that this salsa did not fit the bill.
The queso fundido had a terrific texture, which was great because I've had some that are very rubbery. But, it had very little flavor. I added some of their housemade pepper sauce, which gave it a pleasant kick. The chips were decent quality and tasted fresh, not stale. 
I'm kind of surprised that this is in the Zea's family of restaurants, because they are known for their down-home flavors. Mizado's menu really didn't have anything that caught my fancy.
Our server was excellent, very pleasant and accommodating.If you know me, you probably know that Japanese and Mexican cuisines are few of my absolute favorites. And guess what, Mizado is where you can taste a conjunction of two!
If you have only ordered their tacos and tamales, you probably did not get that notion but pretty please, go check their Tiraditos or tuna tataki. I solely go to this place for those two dishes. Their Tuna tataki is just .... amazing. I don't think I have ever tried something like this in any of the restaurant in New Orleans yet. Mix of avocado, fresh tuna and ponzu sauce is pretty damn good with their complimentary chips. Table side guac and salsa samplers are great to start off your appetite. 
Upon being seated, they get you water set up and cute appetizer plate with gabanzo beans and veggie pickles. Their veggie pickles are the bomb! So good so good and I am guilty of getting it refilled twice at least when I am there :)
Most of the signature cocktails from Mizado are pretty good. My favorite is cucumber jalapeno margarita. They do have happy hour from 2pm-6pm.We selected this place because of it's proximity to City Park, where we were headed later. It's kind of a random location by itself next to the interstate, but I guess if you deliver a great product, location doesn't matter. It definitely has that trendy feel when you walk in with music blaring (probably a little too loud for the old folks). We had reservations for our Friday night cocktails and appetizers but it didn't look like there was too much of a line at 6:30 despite the parking lot being full. They offer an extensive tequila selection, but we both opted for one of the house options. The cucumber jalapeno margarita I had was great. It's nice to get a margarita that isn't 90% bottled mixer. The jalapenos add just enough heat to the drink. The lady had a coconut margarita which she liked, though she did say it was on a bit on the sweet side. I'm not a fan of sweet drinks so stuck to my beverage. As far as appetizers, we had some guacamole with pork bellies and goat cheese. It initially sounded different, but hey it works! We also had some tuna ceviche and tuna tataki. Both were great, with a good portion of fresh tuna. Like I said, it was only cocktails and appetizers, so I can't comment on the rest of the menu items. Maybe next time I'll explore the menu. Or get stuck on the margarita section...Went there on a first date the other night. Had a wonderful time, good food, good drinks and better company. Had the salsa sampler, 2/3 were very good; original and flavorful. The third was just Ok. I had tacos, she a grilled chicken dish. I found my tacos to be great, albeit greasy. I tried her chicken. It was very flavorful, though I found it to be dry. Had a tres leches bread pudding for dessert that I wish we had saved more room for. We had a few watermelon mojitos, which were sweet and flavorful.  I found it to be a bit pricy for what it was, but I had zero complaints. I'd certainly go back, but may not order the same stuff.Really enjoyed this restaurant! This was my first time here & the food was excellent!! Had the pork tamale with plantains and mac & chorizo sides. Tasted the beef tamale & the roasted Cornish hen. The table also had guacamole with pistachios - an amazing dish of uniquely combined textures.  All great!!Just give me your wifi password, I had something really important I had to log onto the internet for. I even offered to pay.
Wanna be Latin food, stick to the local New Orleans fare. My first ever 1 star btw, they really hard to earn this one.Very good pork belly sandwiches! Guacamole in California is better though but their guac portions are big :)I have to say the restaurant is sensational. The ambiance is vivacious! The music and lighting makes the atmosphere feel like a Friday or Saturday everyday. 
On every visit I have gotten phenomenal service. The servers are very active, energetic, and purposeful with every step! 
The food is alluring, enticing, so delightful, and yummylicious!! It is truly one of the most authentic Latin American restaurants in the city. 
All their drinks are refreshing and soooo fresh. I feel like they went outside and picked the fruit from a tree. 
Depending on what day and time you go there might be a wait, but they will bring you drinks while you wait which is very welcoming! 
I enjoyed every visit and got to try different dishes. Haven't tasted one I didn't like!Great place to dine with friends.  The cucumber jalapeno margarita was one of the best margaritas I have ever had. The seared fish tacos and plaintains were delicious! The pickled veggies and toasted garbanzo beans were a tasty treat as well. We got the 3 salsa sampler - not a fan I have to admit and I love salsa. Overall one of the bestThis place was not all what I expected. I was skeptical when I walked in that this would be overpriced mexican, but wow. Hands down best house margarita I have ever had. And the food was spectacular. We had the guacamole and queso fundido and tamales rancheros. All were most excellent and every bit worth the price.Food is awesome.  Service was great.  The salt for their margaritas is a foam....C'mon, that's amazing.The food was great along with the service. Not your typical mexican food, but a very upscale restaurant with great drinks and scenery. Try the steak and lobster tacos. #yummyReally, really good food.  I've dined here 3 times and enjoyed the experience.  Out of the 3 visits one was not as exceptional as the other two visits.  However, to be fair, it was crazy busy and right before Christmas.  I've loved the food and the drinks are very, very good.  Great service at the bar from Dave!The salsas are amazing! I love the family style, every shares tacos! The orange margarita is delic! Highly recommend this place. Parking sucks, having to cross that busy street/freeway entrance. One of my favorite spots in NOLA!I've eaten here several times and have never been dissappointed. A great selection of salsas (get the trio with a recommendation from your server) starts a cool meal with a nice variety of margaritas (cucumber/Jalepeno). 
- the steak was perfect.
- duck tamale is a latest favorite. 
- the cerviche is top notch.Food was tasty but the noise level was deafening.  Once the tables started clearing it was more enjoyable.  Wait staff needs work. It felt like our waitress stuck to the typical sequence. Absolutely no personality or energy.  She left out the lime in our guac.  Twice she promised to bring us some.  Half way thru the bowl she finally brought us some.  I expect more from the Zea guys.Everytime I come here, I have a wonderful experience. The food is always great and the service is as well. Their tacos are everything I imagine them to be. Highly recommended.This restaurant is still sort of finding itself, I think. A Taste Buds concept,  it's probably designed to become a chain, and the interior certainly feels that way.
The drink selection is interesting; some cocktails have a bit of ambition.
The food is good, but the selection of ingredients is all that really sets the tacos above the truck level. I've had better tacos at a truck; they were just pork instead of pork belly.
Like other reviewers, I hate the forced valet, which seems silly with the parking lot right there. Seriously, when I exited the restaurant, my car was just as close to me as the valet stand was.Excellent Latin restaurant!  Remarkably fresh ingredients, creative combinations.  Service attentive and helpful, but unobtrusive.  Well paced, with a sense that customers are guests who are welcome and can stay as long as they want.  No sense of table churning, just a tasty and relaxing dinner.  Atmosphere is modern,
including the music without being gratuitously chic.  Parking takes some experimentation, as the flanking strets are busy.    Prices are  higher than most Latin restaurants, but the quality of the food and service are matched, creating a good value.  Mistly local clienyele, but easily accessed by taxi for tourists looking to avoid the crunch.  Good for a date night or a large group.  Has a mass-marketed feel, but still convivial.  arecommended!Great brunch, some items better than others, steak and eggs perfect, lobster tacos were odd. Carnitas were strange. They have fabulous salads and best Cuban sandwich I've had in a long time. Service good. Sometimes they don't check back when food is served. Somebody else drops it off and runs away so if you want a condiment or refill, good luck. Good drink specials at lunch.5 stars for the food. Bold, clean, decadent flavors. The pork belly plantain skewers are spot-on conceptually. I love the restaurant's use of sweet and spicy (particularly in the tuna tiradito; melon and jalapeño was genius) and their use of almond in their salsa: no other restaurant in New Orleans has a romesco (my favorite sauce) that I've seen so far.  Dreamy mac and chorizo, too. These folks are nailing Nuevo Latino cuisine in a way that feels both nostalgic and fresh. 
The ambiance:  the restaurant TOTALLY felt like a throwback to Los Angeles in the 90s:  the building's california style facade complete with palm trees and valet, everyone in white mini dresses, and night club music. But also surprisingly managed to host a diverse crowd, and didn't feel alienating. But, I'm obsessed with environments that reproduce a nostalgic Los Angeles vibe. I feel strangely at home in them. So, now I'm obsessed and want to come back every night. 
Our server was extremely professional and made excellent recommendations and the back patio is cozy. 
One star off because the parking situation and location of the restaurant sucks and because the portions run a bit small (though surprisingly filling) and are expensive. But I don't even care. I'm coming back soon to relive some california cal-asian glory days soon.The food was amazing. So much better than your average tex-mex cuisine. They had some very healthy options as well. I really liked the margaritas as well.This restaurant reminds me of when I was studying Swahili in the Dominican Republic. I was a lonely goat herder living off meager accommodations. I had 6 jobs I never got tired. Then I stumbled across mizado like a Somalian kid at a pancake breakfast and BOOM SHAKA LAKA!
HONESTLY:  These are the best tacos in New Orleans.  I recommend the cammaron shrimp.  The chef who created that marvel is a genius. Oh, the margaritas are amazing as well. I hear they are 10 cents between 11am - 4pm.A-ok for now, with some strong pluses and minuses. I was very excited for this place to open and we checked it out the night before Thanksgiving. Business was booming and the welcoming host staff seemed genuinely glad to see us. However, I wasn't crazy about the whole valet setup outside, it seemed unnecessary and I felt more like I was going to a club in LA than dinner under the interstate in New Orleans. That same feeling goes for the decor. But that's just my personal taste talking and I'm sure some people love the ultra-modern, lounge-like feel. 
I LOVED the pickled vegetables and fried chickpeas that were put on the table to munch on. Our server warned us they'd be really hot but I thought they were perfect. On the other hand, she did not warn us about the salsas and 2 of the 3 (arbol, borracha, aguacate)  we got were verrrry spicy. I like spice but it was a lot for me and husband couldn't eat them. Plus, they were more like pastes or dips to me. OK but not worth repeating. Fish tacos (unremarkable), pork belly (some pieces were great and some were undercooked=flabby) and peruvian atun (delicious!) completed the meal.
My drink (Cava Lamp) had no discernible taste of St. Germain that it included as an ingredient. It was also priced wrong on the menu. Husband's margarita was fine but they don't do salted rims, instead a salted foam sits on top of the drink. Meh. 
I will probably go back to try more of the menu but I'm not running back anytime soon. It might get back into my rotation in the next 6 months. Might not.We have been to Mizado twice and both times come away feeling well treated and full of excellent food.  The haute Mexican menu has a few fusion elements and the chefs really are giving some thought to what they serve and preparing the dishes in a masterful way.Had Mizado for lunch today. Good music and good food. I would def. go back. There are several things on the menu I would like to try.Honestly the food is to die for!!! The duck tacos are a personal favorite!!! If you are looking for a trendy spot with fresh food and strong drinks look no further this is the spot!!! We have visited on multiple occasions and will continue to go for the extraordinary dining experience as well as the unmatched service!!!I have always loved their food here, but I came by for brunch today and was completely blown away how amazing it was. Lobster Benedict and the Carnitas brunch dish were to die for. The eggs on both dished were poached to perfection. Incredible layers of flavor with just enough spice we did not want to stop eating. Then we had the Tres Leches pain pardue. Pure heaven melting in the mouth. 
This will be my new go to place for brunch!Always one of my favorites. Very lively and in-your-face flavors. Make sure to the mac and chorizo. The fruit purees in their margaritas are absolutely delicious along with the salt foam. I've gotten the shrimp, chicken, and pork belly tacos and have loved them all. Salas are also delectable!Mizado Cocina is a unique restaurant providing relatively unparalleled Central and South American cuisine you can hardly find in the city. The M-F 11-2 drink specials are certainly an attractive quality, and for 10¢ margaritas it's hard to be disappointed. 
The habanero and serrano salsas are otherworldly and, again, there is really no other restaurants you can compare it to around here. 
I routinely order the two taco lunch special, emphasis on the Pato and Carnitas, coupled with a side of either the Brussels sprouts or plantains. 5/5 for my usual lunch meal. 
I'll easily rate Mizado excellently due to the fact I've simply never been disappointed, the food is certainly of a unique variety, and hosts a very upbeat atmosphere. That being said, I hope the Lunch menu is subjected to some revisions in the near future.Very impressed! Excellent guacamole, duck tamales were delicious, Brussel sprouts fabulous, service great! Will be back soon!!I'm a chorizo fiend. When I saw they had chorizo Mac and cheese I damn near lost it. I had that and the shrimp tacos. Not to fond of corn tortillas but the the sauce that the shrimp were cooked in was amazing. Happy Hour is the time to go. It's like this place doesn't belong in NOLA...it belongs in LA or ATL from it's feel. I'll definitely be back!Good food.  Terrible service.  We sat at the bar and were practically ignored.  The bartender was too pre occupied with setting up the bar to wait on us.  We were the only people in the bar at noon.  
Had the tuna ceviche - good, mac and cheese - delicious, steak - good but not hot.Tried a bunch of dishes, but what stood out the most to me was the pork belly. Cooked and presented very well. Service was quick. Very good ambiance!Mizado was excellent! It was a fun place to have drinks and dinner with friends. The queso was unreal! The brussel sprouts were also amazing. They were super crispy and light. The menu had lots of options from tacos (can be made on lettuce wraps) to plates, tamales, and salads. Don't miss out on the appetizers and sides. They are all as good if not better than the entrees. Lastly, if you order a mojito or margarita, try the foam salt.Mizado is one of my favorite restaurants in the area. The Happy Hour drink specials are great ($3 Frozen margs, $3 beer, $4 mojitos, etc.) and the tacos are solid. The atmosphere may be too clubbish/trendy for some diners, but I've never had an issue with it. 
I've never been disappointed with anything I've ordered and they're always adding new items to their menu. I recommend the pork belly guac, tiraditos, ceviche, kale goat cheese queso, fish tacos, and the skinny tuna tacos (which you'll like if you're into Asian flavors). Honestly, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.Had the shrimp tamales and the carnitas tacos both were wonderful. Table made guacamole super. Flan was the best, a little non traditional but great. I'll be back. Mandatory valet parking was only downside.Okay, this is one of those places where I loved the idea but not quite the execution.
I attended a happy hour here with a few friends. While we were there there was a shift change. The first waitress got some people's orders who were there before myself and then it all turned over to another waitress. As nice as the second waitress was, she was just slow. There weren't a lot of people there and it took forever for her to come and get drink orders and then come and get food orders. We were seated outside, so maybe that had something to do with it, but like I said, the place wasn't packed.
I decided to get an order of the appetizer tuna tartine as well as an order of the queso fundido. Appetizers are half off during happy hour, so I was happy to take advantage of that. The tuna tartine was delicious! It was raw tuna mixed with peppers and spices and I loved it. The queso fundido was okay, but it didn't knock my socks off. It went from melty to "stiff" pretty quickly and didn't have a ton of flavor to it. Some places add spices and peppers to theirs, but this just seemed to be melted cheese.
I had one frozen margarita which was delicious! I was planning on having more than one, but after tasting the strength of my first, I decided one was probably enough. I liked the outside seating area, as the weather was fairly nice and we were in a nice shady spot.
I want to go back for dinner to get a better idea of how the service normally is here.Always one of my favorites. Very lively and in-your-face flavors. Make sure to the mac and chorizo. The fruit purees in their margaritas are absolutely delicious along with the salt foam. I've gotten the shrimp, chicken, and pork belly tacos and have loved them all. Salsas are also delectable! An is our favorite waitress. Always remembers us and small details about our orders.
Favorites: 
Shrimp tacos, Mac and chorizo, black beans and chorizo, quest chorizo, churro balls, caramelo dessert, pork belly skewers.Delicious food, relaxed atmosphere, fantastic service. Definitely try the blood orange margarita!I have no idea why this place doesn't have an overall rating of perfect. The food was amazing! A little pricey but I don't mind if it's worth it. I've been several times since they've opened and me and my friends love it!Awesome decor and fresh atmosphere. Food was good not large portions but prices were appropriate. I will say their margaritas were amazing! Great chips and dip fresh guacamole....I mean FRESH guacamole. I heard they were pretty good and they were. Check them out.Went here for the first time today and really enjoyed the food, drinks and atmosphere...the .10 margaritas were AWESOME can't wait to go back again.So we went here after work around 5 for drinks and apps last week.  We were pleasantly surprised to find out it was happy hour on drinks and apps at that time.  Our house margaritas on the rocks were $4 a piece and pretty decent.  We also had house guacamole, steak kabobs, and some sort of tuna stack type thing.  All were really really good.  My only complaint was that there weren't that many chips for 3 people to split.  Although I suppose we could've asked for more had we wanted to.  Our service at the bar tables was wonderful!  There were two servers who didn't let us go without anything.  The ambiance was great.  Lighting was perfect.  I found the dining room to be overly quiet and bare, but then it was only 6PM.  Will def be back for dinner!Got the yucateca gallina (Cornish hen) Friday night and it was amazing! So delicious and so filling!  After several visits here I can say this was one of the most delicious things I've had! The margaritas are top notch and their bartender Billy is talented and always a delight! The servers have always been so helpful and hospitable. I've never had an issue here. Also glad I can make reservations or simply lounge at the  bar if I have to wait. The salsa trio is my favorite! Salmon Ceviche is also dee-lish!  We love that this establishment is in our neighborhood!Went here yesterday with some friends. Sat by the bar. We mainly went just for drinks after a busy day of shopping. I ordered the cucumber jalapeño margarita that was fabulous!!! Service was slow. Didn't really see the bartender much. We had some appetizers & they were ok. Don't think the food is worth their prices. I ordered take out to bring home for my hubby & they left 2 things out!! Wasn't impressedMy wife & I went here for our anniversary dinner; it was a pleasant surprise and not something I expected this close to Old Metairie.  The valet was nice since it the rain was torrential.   For drinks my wife had the special which was a grapefruit based margarita, I went with the Cucumber & Jalapeno Margarita.  Her's was perfect for summer, refreshing.  Mine was excellent, had a great kick.  
To start things off, ordered the Queso Fundido (very nice), the Carne Tacos & the Salmon Tiradito.  Everything was great and especially the pico and salsa.  The tortillas are exactly what you find in Mexico which are always amazing.  One thing that I couldn't get over was the vibe or setting of this place.  The inside decor could be placed in Monterrey or Mexico City just fine... I felt like I was back in Mexico again at some of the trendy joints that you would find dotting colleges in those cities.  What didn't make sense was the music selection.  The best way to describe; bad 90's dance music.  The bass and kick drums were not welcome for dinner.  I felt like I was back in NYC waiting outside a club to get in and just hearing the rumble of bass.  Dance music is fun in a dance club... not when I'm eating dinner.  Look, this is a Mexican / Latin infused experience... the music took me away from Mexico and into nighttime bowling at the Colonial.  Do everyone a favor... take us on a Mexican journey, at least for a few hours (as best you can being in New Orleans) and go on Spotify and search for this public playlist: Mizado  Just play this or pop in Cafe del Mar Chillstep Unlimited, Ibiza del Mar - Cafe Chill House Vol 4,  Cafe Latin Lounge del Mar Vol 2.  Shoot, for fun... put on some Los Amigos Invisibles... the Metairie ladies don't know Spanish!  You'll be golden if you do!  Music can have a beat, but it needs to be balanced and not drown out the experience.  Good luck!Solid guacamole and some creative ceviche. I'd order the Latin Tuna tataki for sure. Also the jalapeño cucumber margarita is solid.Great service!!!! 10 cent margaritas at lunch can't beat that!!!! Food is delicious especially the complimentary appetizer. Reasonable prices and the food doesn't take hours to come to the table. I'll be back again and again I feel it in my spirit!!!I accidentally did the exact right thing on my first trip to Mizado, and you should do it to.
With a fairly large group of friends -- there were 7 of us in total -- I made my first visit to this trendy spot not far from City Park. Instead of each of us ordering something on our own, we decided to just get dishes for the table and sample everything. That's the way to do it.
Mostly we did tacos. My favorite was the carne, but I also really enjoyed the fried fish. The seared fish were good but not great, and for my taste, the veggie just left me wanting more substance. In addition, I also got to taste the BBQ shrimp entree, which I thought was tasty but wasn't a huge hit at the table, if I'm being honest. Mostly, we all dug the tacos. Which is good since they're perfect for sharing. Each version comes with enough for four small tacos.
Don't forget to start with the sampler platter of their homemade salsas and some fresh guacamole, which they prepare tableside. I also really liked the chips it was served with -- very crunch and salty. And it all went well with a traditional margarita. Well, it was traditional except for the way in which they add their salt. They don't just add some grains to the rim of your glass. That would be too easy. Instead, the salt comes in the form of a foam that floats atop the drink. Very interesting and fun.
In terms of service, things were solid. Our waitress (hi Elizabeth!) was very sweet and offered good suggestions. They do things high-tech here, sending orders in via iPad. I guess it helps efficiency, because the food came out really quickly. And price-wise, it's fair. I spent $40 for myself, which included two drinks and dessert (churros = yum!).
Muy bueno, Mizado. Gracias.First time.  Not a fan of Mexican but it was an enjoyable lunch.  Had the fish sandwich and while it had an initial fish smell (I know, it's fish) it was awesome.  I look forward to coming back and will probably get it again.  Atmosphere is nice.  Location is centrally located.  Nothing bad to say.I am SO glad they decided to change their mind about closing as this is one of our favorite spots for Mexican.  YES the prices are higher, but the food is actually really good.  The complimentary toasted little spicy garbanzo beans that they serve when you sit down are really addictive, but you need to save room for the menu so just nibble.  The freshly made guacamole comes with a salsa, so recommend ordering the guac to get to try the salsas.  The basic guac is great, but if you want to experiment the "Indian" version with the bananas is delicious.  The shrimp ceviche is also excellent and comes with chunks of avocado, pico, and cilantro.  The chicken with brussel sprouts entree is very good, well seasoned and cooked perfectly, highly recommend - but the show stoppers on the menu are their tamales.  The duck tamale comes with a large portion of the corn pudding, topped with delicious shredded duck and a wonderful chutney sauce that brings the whole dish together.  The pulled pork tamale is equally amazing.  The bar drink options here are also excellent, the caipirinhas are delicious and strong.  I love the small booths that are great for two people for an intimate lunch and the restaurant is open and airy.  I also like that the orders are inputted table side which makes for efficient service.  They also have stevia in their options of sweetners, which I appreciate very much.I've read quite a bit of reviews about their lunch and patio scene (which I will partake in soon). This a quick review of their dinner. 
I started off with the chips and salsas (habanero, tomatillo, and red). They tasted delicious and I would recommend all 3. Don't be afraid of the habanero, it has the flavor without the heat. 
The Chorizo and Mac had an interesting flavor. The chorizo was nice and chunky with a sweet note. Awesome job using the large macaroni to catch the cheesy goodness! 
Pork.belly.tacos. They're truly amazing because of the pineapple salsa and smokey flavor. Tasted like a Latin/Hawaiian fusion to me.  Authentic soft tacos really took them to the next level. 
Solid Latin kitchen.I love coming here, especially for happy hour.  I would like to redecorate the interior dining area but the bar is cute.  The service is outstanding! My waitresses had great personalities and they know their menu.  As for the food, well done! Interesting dishes in the best possible ways. I always leave happy.If you're looking for some good old-fashioned Mexican food with familiar ingredients and some complimentary chips and salsa to pig out on beforehand, then you should probably go elsewhere. This place is more of a hip Mexican fusion type place where the special of the day is Mango Guacamole prepared fresh at your table along with other unusual ingredient combinations.
We came here early Saturday evening for an early Mother's Day dinner. The place kind of has a museum of modern art vibe to it. 
We were seated and given a complimentary small plate of seasoned Garbanzo Beans paired with pickled vegetables. It all tasted fine, but we sure would have enjoyed a basket of chips and salsa instead. I saw a few tables near us that had small little paper bags of tortilla chips in front of them. I guess they splurged for the $7.00 chips and salsa. We opted not to.
We all ordered the traditional taco plates and got a side of the Chorizo Mac & Cheese to split. The tacos were good. They are more of the "street taco" kind with the itty-bitty tortillas that you add meat and cilantro/onion mixture to. They had good flavor, but on the small side for $16.00 a plate. The Chorizo Mac & Cheese was a gooey mess and lacked the flavor I expected from something with Chorizo. It was actually kind of gross. 
We split the Crema de Caramelo for dessert which was similar to a Caramel Flan, but even better. It was delicious.
The staff were all very nice and eager to please. I'm just more of an old school Mexican food type. This was a little too exotic frou frou for me.... As well as over-priced.Overall I enjoyed Mizado and think it is a great addition to New Orleans' weak Latin food scene. The atmosphere is lively, but prepare yourself for loud club music that does not lend itself well to serious conversation. The food was very good, as was the service. 
We started with the table side guacamole, which was good, but a bit much for two people. Next we had the duck tamale, which was amazing. We also had the shrimp tacos and salmon ceviche, which was more like sashimi, but was very good. 
The concept here is small plates, so it can get pricey. For two of us, we had four dishes, each at about $10.  Drinks were good, though also a bit pricey for the size. Overall, I like the concept and was impressed with the quality if the food and service.Just called for reservation for six (7:00 PM) and was told we are too busy, call back tomorrow around 11. I guess business is so good the person answering the phone feels they can turn away customers. Eaten at Midzado's before and was very happy with everything.I have been here about 4-5 times and I have NEVER had a bad experience. In fact, I always leave feeling like I had a fantastic time and an excellent dining experience. The service has always been impeccable, the food and drinks-- delicious, and the ambience is quite appealing to me. I'm basically obsessed with the platanos. I do feel the menu has a lot of items, but I still feel a bit limited on selection. Despite that, every time I order something, I'm quite pleased with the turnout. Definitely worth a visit a month!I drive by this place regularly and live nearby, so on a night we couldn't figure out where the heck to go for dinner, we settled on Mizado.
First impression: Yay, a parking lot! A rare and precious commodity in this city.
Second impression: Yay, a cute patio! But why are we being handed menus and escorting ourselves? And why is this table so wet and sticky? 
We sat down at a big table on their nice patio. The ambiance was lively, with loud electronic-ish music (think Kesha remixes, y'all) playing. It clashed a bit with the children playing giant Jenga, but oh well. There was a team of waiters/waitresses that helped us out, and all of them were friendly and helpful enough. 
Onto the food and drinks.. we ordered a small (one avocado) guacamole. Pretty standard. We also ordered a tomatillo avocado crema salsa - sadly, it was waaay too spicy for me. The salsa that came with the guacamole was more my speed - fresh and a hint of smoke with a medium kick. At the same time, we ordered some drinks - prickly pear margarita (the only one I've seen in the city!!) for me. Our drinks took quite awhile, which was unfortunate. I asked for salt, and when I received my drink, it didn't have salt on the rim but was super foamy, which was confusing.. I didn't bother asking about the salt, but I found out the next time when I ordered another margarita that the foam is actually salt. Kinda weird and not great. The prickly pear margarita was bright pink and waaay too tart for my liking. My second margarita was equally tart - I wouldn't necessarily recommend the drinks. BUT the saving grace was our delicious tacos. We split orders of the scallop taco on special and a grilled fish taco. Both were filled with fresh and well-seasoned seafood and excellent paired toppings. I would definitely order both again. 
When we got our bill, we were a little taken aback - how did this meal of standard apps and two tacos each wind up so expensive?! I think if the tacos came on a platter with rice and beans, the prices would be justified, but otherwise yikes. Overall, I'd probably go back for the delicious tacos during happy hour when the margaritas are a justifiable price.Mmmmmm! Best Mexican food I've ever had. Atmosphere is upscale but not pretentious.  Not authentic Mexican atmosphere, but more Americanized. 
I had the seared red fish tacos and they were out of this world.  Gotta try the guacamole salsa, too!So, I have to preface this with...we went on day 2.  So despite not being impressed, I will go back and try other items on the menu.
This said, we were taken aback when we entered the valet only, modern restaurant and were greeted by very LA style ladies in tight short dresses and stilettos as well as loud club music.  Being sandwiched between Old Metairie and Mid-City, this was not expected.  But once seated, the crowd was familiar and comfortable and our waitress Andrea...wonderfully friendly and helpful.  We ordered margaritas (the house was horribly sweet but the cucumber jalapeno was good), Pork Belly & Plaintain skewers, two types of tacos (two to an order for $10) and Chorizo Mac & Cheese.  Somewhere in the middle of the meal, the music swiched to Alan Jackson...weird but at least I stopped feeling the urge to chest pump.   Overall, everything was waaaay too spicy and overdone (except the plaintains).  I wish they did more with fresh individual flavors and less heat. 
I regret not going for the table side guacamole, salsa and ceviche since this is a major part of the menu.  It's pricey, but I'll give it another shot.  It felt like they weren't sure who they wanted to be, maybe they'll work it out before my next trip.Very creative and flavorful menu. Nothing else like it in New Orleans. Love their salsas and the tuna tataki stack.  Always fresh and always excellentThere is better and more affordable Mexican/Spanish food other places in town.  This place has a very limited menu too.  Pay close attention to the menu.  Some things that appear to be tacos are wrapped in lettuce or something else other than a tortilla.  The brisket taco was the best thing I tried and it was very good.  The salsa was very good though and there were several options for that.  The margaritas were good but also expensive.  I think they're going more for a hipster/cocktail bar than a restaurant - or so it appeared the night I was there as the music was very loud techno/dance type music.  It will not be my choice to go back.  Oh, the parking is annoying.  It's mandatory valet if you want to park in the lot.  Otherwise, you have to park across the busy street under the interstate.I visited this restaurant on November 24, 2014 for a late lunch with my Mom, around 3p or so. I'd heard it was good from my brother, which is always an excellent sign. 
The location is a strange one, as it is immediately at I-10 &  Metairie Road /City Park Avenue... Which was home to other restaurants that didn't quite "make it" there. The only way into the parking lot is that silly "required" U-turn or exiting prior to knowing that the restaurant is there. 
Now, keep in mind that the restaurant is completely empty... And I had read on other Yelp reviews that this place felt intimidating, so I started to feel that savage beast-mode restaurant critic swell up within me before walking through the doors. I knew I wanted to review this place. 
I want to begin with this...  I need to say that overall it was a fabulous experience. I am NOT worried about Mizado succeeding at all. I loved it. 
The look and feel of the inside is spacious, trendy, colorful, yet comfortable. Now, the host left a lot to be desired, but she eventually came around after coaxing her into conversation. In New Orleans, regardless of where your cuisine culture is boasting, you have to remember that New Orleanians are down-to-earth people with a simple tradition for making you feel welcome. 
Our server (please forgive me for taking almost a month to post - I forgot your name) was DELIGHTFUL, although at first I thought she was yanking my chain because EVERYTHING was her favorite. Well, I quickly realized that she was just being honest. 
I have a tendency to over order, but I don't mind that habit (nor did my Dad who "doesn't like Mexican food"). 
The restaurant refers to itself as Modern-Mexican. I guess that works, but to make that make sense, I'd say,"Trendy-Veraceuz-Adventure ." And as with most adventures, there is a lot of risk involved. 
I've found at "adventurous" restaurants, they outdo themselves with the wild pairings in their dishes or cocktails...  But oftentimes to a fault. I was a little taken aback, and almost afraid when I began to read the menu. There was grapefruit, avocado, cilantro, plantain, habanero, and corn nuts...  And that was just the ceviche section! 
Now, please let me share with you that my Mom is NOT adventurous when it comes to food...  Something I just do not understand. Her only experience with the concept of Mexican food is Tex-Mex and Panchos. I know, it is sad. 
We began with the Guacamole Pistachio - a favorite of our lovely server... Wow! Who would think to mix guac and nuts? Along with the fresh homemade chips, this was a winner! Not to mention the FANTASTIC HOMEMADE SALSA that I would have bought a jar of to take home. 
Next, we selected the Antichucho de Puerco (smoked pork belly) which came with sweet plantains. They arrived in a massive portion with white cheese sprinkled atop. I  could have just had this one part and been completely satisfied. 
We also got the Antichucho de Pollo en Mole (Chicken Mole). This, I could have done without... It was not my favorite mole, but Nola isn't known for the mole, am I right? 
Oh, before I forget, Yelp had a pop-up BOGO on lunch, so that made it easier to over order. 
My Mom ordered the Carne (beef) Tacos and I ordered the Pescado Plancha (grilled Gulf fish) -  side-note: My Mom had never had fish tacos before this day and was sure she would not like them. The beef tacos were delicious and came with caramelized onions, pickled sweet peppers,  and a spicy Mizado sauce... The first (hot) spicy thus far. 
The fish tacos came with the expected cabbage salad and chimichurri sauce -  so good. 
For sides, I ordered the Mac &  Chorizo -  please don't get upset, but it was more like Hamburger Mac from my childhood. Skip it. It was quite oily. 
Hmm...  Now that I think about it, my other side item was the Plantains, but instead of coming out with the tacos, they came out with the appetizers. We did mind that at all though. Anytime you bring me Sweet Plantains with white cheese, I'm eating them STAT. 
I really cannot wait to return to Mizado to try a whole new round of items. 
The cocktail menu also has many concoctions that sound adventurous, but I'm not afraid...  Mizado knows how to mix their flavors with flair, style, and delightful tastes.The good:
Onsite, and free parking (on the side if you get there early)
The food
Restaurant design
Outdoor seating
Music
Service
Low prices
Good for groups
The bad:
Apparently valet is required (not required if you get a side spot).  If you are the owner of this restaurant and you are reading this then please discontinue your valet service.  Aside from giving people a good laugh because it is so ridiculous; it is completely unnecessary and only hurting your restaurant business. I would guesstimate that you have lost a full review star due to this misstep.  Less stars equal less revenue.
When we visited Mizado we had (FYI sorry in advance, I am not doing the official menu names justice): 
Free fried chick peas and marinated vegetables - Tasty freebie
Chips and guac - Delish, although basically impossible to screw up. Regarding the amount of chips, there were more than enough (i.e. we had left over chips).
Tuna ceviche - Gulf tuna, no complaints.
Marinated wood grilled hen - Hormone free, marinade was soo good.
Pork belly potatoes - Like bacon with potatoes, can't go wrong.
Hush puppy w/ chocolate dipping sauce and bread pudding - OMG total surprise that this place had amazing desserts. We were expecting the typical sorbet blah blah, or something else unappealing, but we were very pleasantly surprised with the desserts.  We had two of the three and they were both some of the best desserts that we have had in NOLA.
Total price for all of this food was $54.  If this is expensive to you then maybe you should check out Rouses $7 burrito in the CBD or the Taceaux Loco food truck. Both good options.This place was amazing , very nice decor and feel to the place , valet , very high tech love it! Staff very very friendly food was awesome the salsa , guacamole and the queso ! This is definitely a place to go!I love Mizado's!! Last time I went I enjoyed a brunch. It was the first brunch I had ever had. It was delicious. The waitress was fantastic. I can definitely recommend this place as a great option for brunch dates, worked for me ;) !!The high quality of the food gets nearly cancelled by the overwhelming noise level of the high-school-cafeteria-style dining room.  I would hire a sound engineer to come up with a way to improve this.  I would rate this 5 stars if I could just hear what my wife was saying to me while we were eating.Always great! But my bottomless Bloody Mary had pretty much no alcohol. Drank 3 and felt nothing.Went here recently for the first time and had a good time. The valets who parked our car were super friendly and hustled when it came time to get our car. We sat at the bar while my sister and I waited for others to join us. It gets a little loud when it's crowded but not overwhelming; music was good. It was happy hour, so we ordered the duck tamale and one of their dips. Both were very good. The bartenders were very friendly and did a great job taking care of us. We moved to a table when we were joined by 3 more friends and had some more apps. The queso, with chorizo added, was awesome. The table waitress we had was a little slow and forgot about us when it came time to pay the bill, but it wasn't too big a deal. The menu at this place is Latin inspired and the menu is made up of all types of tacos, salsas, and various dips. Overall a very cool place to go after work. FYI, happy hour with half price drinks and select appetizers ends at six.This is one of my favorite places. The food and drinks are amazing but the service is exceptional. Julia was our server and we will definitely be back to see her!Two nights ago had a great experience.  Andrea was our awesome waitress who was "spot on" with her menu highlights.  I really let her guide my decision and I was so happy I did.  Let me back up..we started at the bar which is my favorite area.  It is loud  and the music is really uptempo.  I believe I would eat at the bar the next time.
Anyway we ordered a Mojito and the Cucumber Jalapeno Margarita.  Both were really good but I love the spicy margarita. Had one like it a year ago in Mexico.
Dinner.....which by the way is served really quickly was such a treat to the pallet.  
I loved the trio of salsa's we chose, one was suggested as her favorite  the Almendra Y Anacardo Cream....amazing, next Tomatillo (yum) and the Roja.
The Grilled Red Fish and the incredible potato's were out of this world!  Loved the plate. I had ceviche (tuna) it was well done.  Different though, not cut in to cubes as you might expect.  Great food with sizzle!  Parking is parking in this city.  Valet? Off Street...it is what it is. I think the lot should be for customers to park themselves.  It is is full then valet would be needed.  Under the bridge? 
Oh one last thing, I was over dressed it was much more casual than I thought.
Hope this helps.