The coffee is only okay and the staff is rude! I'm not sure if it was meant to be funny or what but it wasn't. It was just annoying.  I suppose this place would be worth it if you live right by but it's definitely not worth going out of your way for. Actually, we are going to go out of our way to avoid it.My wife loved the mocha. I had a decaf americano that was also very good. We also had a slice of coffee cake that was moist and delicious.Ok, the coffee is awesome! Having a Flat White and enjoying the groovy scenery. Should have ordered a large! The Yerba Mate Latte is excellent too. A nice smokey flavor, plenty of seats at 7am and wifi.Nice low key neighborhood coffee shop.  Good selection of teas and they offer bubble tea too which really isn't too common in NOLA.  But if you're offering a vegan coffee cake, why wouldn't you have a vegetarian sandwich offering?Best place to get coffee, friendly people and baristas. Chill and relaxing atmosphere. Amazing tasting coffee, best in this city by far. I would recommend this place to ANYONE and EVERYONE , especially if your a coffee drinker . This is THE place to be!I went stopped here on a whim with my boyfriend because I needed some caffeine in the system. It was packed with people, many on laptops, and seemed like a really cool atmosphere. I told the girl at the counter that I love all types of coffee, like it strong, and I asked what she would recommend. She said the macchiatto is good and has froth on it, and I decided to get that one. It was good, really strong, and I enjoyed it while sitting outside on the outdoor chairs. 
Served my purpose. Quick, efficient, friendly, tasty, strong, full of caffeine. I was then ready to explore Magazine St with my boyfriend.I love this place...it's the real deal. It's cozy, local and has the real independent coffee shop vibe I adore. 
The lattes and specialty drinks I have had have been craft fully made with care and attention and I gotta say I even like the bit of snark. Who wants a cloyingly sweet latte or barista? Yeah not me.
Oh and the salted Carmel frozen coffee Crispin makes me is like liquid crack. 
Only thing I'd change would be the bathroom but man you can't have everything and I'm willing to sweat in the loo like I'm in a third world country for that damn frozen coffee!While waiting for our table at Surrey my friends and I wanted to get some coffee. We stumbled upon mojo's. Seemed like a very nice place until ordering. The attitude and rudeness of customer service is unreal. We asked zero questions we were not obnoxious or disrespectful at all. Just placed our order and the man running the counter seemed completely inconvenienced of his job. He has such a piss poor attitude. Quit your job! Go home enjoy you life trying to attempt the world being a hipster. Good luck having a flourishing business. 
All in all the coffee was typical. I'm giving two stars for the cucumber watermelon lemonade. It was delicious. 
If someone tells the bearded dude to fuck off I will give you a Starbucks gift card.Was in line with a chatty guy who ordered a large iced tea. He reported it was coffee and gave it back, as I wanted a large iced coffee I offered to take it so the barista wouldn't have to make another. Upon tasting it, still not sure it was coffee, my friend who did get Ceylon iced tea reported her tea tasted faintly of coffee. Was not discounted at all for taking a drink that would have been discarded, and then had to actually ask to be handed it again after I paid. Tables were full of people camping for wi fi. Not impressed, won't be back.This place is the perfect local's coffee shop. The espresso is great, the people watching is hysterical, and the barista's pick the music so there is a large variety. It seems like a great place to camp out for studying or hanging out with friends and its open till midnight! I will definitely be returning and often.sweet little coffee shop in the garden district.  coffee is ok, nothing special.
i'm won over on the tea selection, local pastries and great music.Their drip coffee is good and their espresso cocktails are out of this world and worth a visit alone. The espresso tonic and avery island iced tea are both delicious. I've found it's not the best place for doing work - the lighting is kinda weird - but I often pop in for a pick me up.10 a.m. on a Wednesday.  Two, very slow employees doing everything, problem of management for understaffing is possible, but then if it's just the two of you, wouldn't you work hard and fast to take care of the line out the door?
One staff member rude and totally snobby to us as it finally became our turn.  We had waited in line for 15 minutes and he couldn't answer my simple question about their coffees with kindness?  Turned me off from ordering any coffee, so can't speak to their drinks.  Breakfast bagels/muffins had to be at least a day old.  
Lack of tables/chairs inside or out and the ones there were taken up by typically one person with a laptop (several on Skype calls), phone and books and NO coffee/tea drinks or food of any kind.  I get that coffee shops want to provide a sort of haven for these people to hang out or work outside the house, but this place clearly wasn't concerned about providing space for people who actually purchased food & drink.
Growing up in Seattle and being around coffee people and coffee shops my whole life I think this place has ALOT to learn on how to run a business.  
Highly recommend Pulp & Grind a short drive to the CBD or French Truck Coffee a short walk away on Magazine.  Both have light, bright spaces, amazing coffee and staff that cares about ALL of its customers.Probably the only cafe in this area that opens until late night.
The sparkling elderflower lemonade was so refreshing!! good for a hot summer day. The strawberry one was too sweet for me.I stopped here for a quick coffee and a snack. I really love the vibe of this coffee house. And the service was fantastic!Probably my favorite coffee place in NOLA.  I like the interior and the playlists they play.Looking for a good place to grab a cup of coffee decided to try Mojo. Walking in it had a cool vibe and smell which was instantly intriguing. They have a few different items on the wall, but I found the menu of the day to be the best place to make a decision. I landed on the Ethiopia which I watched, mesmerized, as the barista carefully prepped and made my hand pour. As she handed me my coffee, I just stood there letting the aromas waft as I delicately took a sip. And...it was some of the best coffee I've had in a long time. Maybe ever. It's a place I'm already thinking of returning to, and already checked out how to order some back home once I leave NOLA.Magazine street is the place to be, and this tiny, hipster coffee shop is a great stop to make along the way (especially if you're waiting for your spot at Surrey's!).
A little on the spendier side for coffee, but the baristas are great and do cute little designs, which I always appreciate.  Plus, we found out that both of the baristas that were working at the time enter these foam decoration contests and have both won 1st place before!!  So now we are following them on instagram.  Woot!I've heard so many good things about this place from so many people.  Maybe we just went on a bad night.  But my husband and I both ordered two different coffee drinks two separate times that night and found the coffee to be disgusting.  We had things with regular coffee and with espresso.  I still wouldn't give them a horrible rating because the ambiance was really cool.  It's nicely lit and kinda divey which i liked.  The barista was nice enough, except for when i paid he pushed the tip jar right under my nose.  I intended to tip him anyway...but I was kind of put off by that.My office. But I don't just go for the wifi and the cute baristas. The espresso, nitro, and pour overs are amazingly well done. Coffee connoisseurs will be stoked, but the staff won't make you feel like a plebe if you just want something simple. Best bagels I've had in New Orleans (tight, no air holes!) and their new light and healthy menu is exactly the antidote if you've had a few too many po boys lately. Music selection diverse and smart. My only complaint is that due to the commercialization of the neighborhood by bloody Air BnB there are too many clueless tourists on the weekends and a line out the door. Not their fault, of course.A nice little coffee place. I would recommend the ginger lemonade, it was awesome. They also have great coffee and pastries.Basic coffee shop. Tea, coffee, pastries are good. Sandwiches are OK. Now, the bathroom? Ouch! This has got to be worst I have seen.Came here while visiting New Orleans. Nice and cozy environment. Decent coffee. Would come again.Great coffe, food and service---but nastiest bathroom I've been in in a long time. If this is where the barristas wash up, gotta,go somewhere else.Great vibe and nice selection. This place has lots of character and many unique coffee and tea options.I dunno about their coffee, but the fresh squeezed lemonade is fantastic, especially on a warm, humid afternoon. Service was friendly, and the ceiling fans created a lovely breeze through the establishment.Great coffee and staff. The coffee cake is the best ever too must try ! Outdoor seating is perfect on a nice day. Place is always packed though which is a good thingSuch an Indy place to come to. Great music playing, amazing latte, and of course I had a great sandwich (Turkey & Swiss). 10/10 would recommend this place.Morning at the Mojo Coffee House on the corner of Magazine and Race, are the best kind of mornings!Delicious coffee with the perfect aroma! Everyone always talk about cafe du monde. But the coffee there is just okay. If you want to go to a tourist attraction, visit cafe du monde. If you want real good coffee, visit MOJO.Tasty drip coffee and a good selection of healthy breakfast treats.  Umm the only problem was what was supposed to be a quick coffee turned into waiting on line for over 20 mins.Great coffee spot near Surrey's Cafe & Juice Bar. It started to rain a little after brunch so hubs and I swung by for some coffee and a game of Battleship to pass the time. 
You can tell it's a local coffee shop. Plenty of seats and most were filled. Ordered a praline latte at the suggestion of the barista and went on my way demolish my hubs ships. 
The praline latte was great. The espresso shone through and wasn't bitter like some places. The praline added a nice sweetness to the latte, but it didn't overpower the espresso. Perfect temp on the drink as well. My milk didn't taste burnt. Yaaaasss!! On another note, I lost in Battleship against the hubs. BUT I won in coffee :)My favorite pour overs in the city! Sammiches are decent too. Its nice to come to a coffee shop with outside seating as well.Best coffee drink I've ever had. I got a "Randy" which is a mocha with a touch of vanilla, boyfriend got a cafe au lait and really, both were amazing. The barista was friendly and served us quickly. Only complaint was that there were no open seats when we went, but that's hardly the establishment's fault that they're so popular. Wish I could have brought this place back to Chicago with me.Enjoyed my chai tea sitting on their decent outside seating. One of the baristas was in a really foul mood and slammed the counter and yelled at a customer for picking up the wrong drink (by the way... it was the other barista's mistake. Not the customer's). I felt really bad for the customer and can't imagine he will ever be coming back to get treated like that after spending his money. As someone who used to work in the service industry, I try to be as understanding as possible. But that was absurdly rude... plenty of other places to get a decent cup of coffee and NOT get yelled at. Bye Felicia.Very good coffee with great quality milk. Staff is very friendly and customer-oriented. If you eat here, you can choose "normal" cup, not a paper one.
Loved it!Note: I'm going with a 4-star rating b/c overall MoJo's is worth it, this review is just a warning about the Bubble Tea
I love MoJo for their coffee & espresso hot/cold drinks, overall ambiance and service, but the spawn were craving Bubble Tea this go-round, so....
MoJo's Bubble Tea base is powder, not fruit or fruit smoothie blend, and they were out of the tapioca pearls, which are the highlight (yet still charged us full price: $3.50/small size). I  also didn't witness any actual tea being added, but cannot be 100% certain. The end result was pretty much what you would get from blending koolaid mix, milk, & ice
In the spawn's words: "blech". We went home and added more milk (hoping to at least get a milkshake out of it), but it was a lost cause...down the drain they went.
So, if you're going to MoJo's, enjoy their fine coffee & espresso selection, but leave the Bubble Tea to a more authentic, experienced locale.
On another note, I used to live in the 2-story apartment in the courtyard back in the day, and many an AWESOME party was had (pre MoJo/Rue de la Course days)Best latte in the city. It's a must ....the cash only thing gets a little tired but well worth itThe coffee is solid here. I'm an espresso fan, so that's what I know best. The iced coffee is also good. 
In terms of getting work done, I love that the wireless is totally BS free, unlike starbucks and other chains. Go online. Get your stuff done.
The place is cash only. The chairs are kinda hard to sit on if you're going to be there more than a few hours.I wish I could give Mojo zero stars. I've been to Mojo several times, unfortunately, because I really wanted it to be my new cool coffee hang out. The coffee was good, and the atmosphere is okay, even though I don't think an employee ever bothered to smile at us. The customer service has never been good- never a welcome or even "what can I get you?". They mostly just stare at you and take your order. The first time I went there, I overheard the cashier laugh at someone who called in looking for a job- stating if someone wants a job they should come in (his tone was rude and condescending). Then, last time I went there to get some work done I was sitting outside and happened to be sitting next to what I assume was the owner and two employees. I heard the owner start to speak about the "homeless people and college kids who come and sit at dirty tables to use the free wifi and never buy anything." He sounded like an old grump and judgmental, at that. They also talked about how the female employee was "acting like a b*tch when she was pregnant" and other derogatory statements. He also had a lengthy conversation about being upset that a customer ordered the last cookie that he wanted to eat. Basically, I am glad I overheard this because I will no longer come back, even if the coffee is decent.Cash-only, great coffee, great pastries, clean bathroom, outside is dog friendly. A serious favorite.The first time I went here was when I first moved down here from the North. I didn't know any of the staff or regulars but they made me feel welcomed. I stayed their talking with them for a couple of hours. 
The organic, trade-free, hippie coffee was really good and really cheap. I brought my own mug and it cost me a little more than a dollar!Always loved this location, especially since the expansion. Cold brew + hot coffee options are on point. And today I had a hummus crispbread and WOW it was so delicious and hit the spot for my plant-loving tummy.I've always had good service here and find the atmosphere really not - very friendly and welcoming, but also pretty relaxed if you want to grab a table to get some work done. Only thing I wish was different was that they charged less for a refill of things like iced tea (e.g., you only had to pay like $1 for a refill, rather than paying full price for the second one).Needed a  close by Early morning coffee fix near the guest house on magazine street. Never had a latte because I don't take cow milk. Requested one with almond milk and it was Delicious!  Not hot though. It was warm - ready to drink.  Caramel almond milk latte.
And my apologies to the shop for putting the used stir spoon in the clean spoon cups. 
The barrister was perturbed but graciously washed all the spoons. 
The latte w/almond milk is really good!Reasonable-enough cafe/coffeeshop in the Lower Garden District. I really like that the menu (which includes sandwiches and other basic cafe-style items) is hand-drawn on a giant wall sized chalkboard. The coffee selection is decent and the tea selection is okay, too.
They also sell bubble tea, which I'd highly advise against as they're made from neon powder mixes and contain no real fruit. Unless you're into drinking something that tastes like splenda and chemicals. Maybe you are. I'm not, so I get my bubble tea elsewhere.
The clientele is predominantly local, and the atmosphere is generally laid-back. There are better independent coffeeshops in the city for sure but if you find yourself in the LDG this isn't a bad place to stop.This is one of my favorite coffee shops in the city.  I love the Milky Way. The carrot cake is really good here too.  I've been plenty of times.  I tried a sandwich once (I can't remember the name) with apples and brie cheese.  The bread was extremely tough and it just wasn't the best combination.  I'm sticking to the coffee and pastries at this place.  I love coming here but I can't stay long because everytime I leave I have to hurry home to shower from the strong smell of cocoa beans.  Great place otherwise.  Free wifi.  Nice people.  Open late.Stopped in after a long day walking around in the New Orleans sun and was treated to one of the best soy vanilla lattes in my life! Matt K was an excellent barista, and very knowledgeable about the craft coffee business. Decor was modern rustic; comfortably inviting. Will return next time I'm traveling through!The staff is not that friendly. It gets hard to find a table if you don`t get there before 9.
Signs up saying you need to buy something for every hour you are in there make me feel slightly unwelcome.
Coffee and everything else I have bought there so far is very excellent though!The coffee is ok but the staff are AWFUL. Every time I have visited there has been serious attitude from the baristas and in particular the owner. I can't even begin to fathom how this place has 4 stars, AKA how so many people put up with such atrocious service and such a miserable atmosphere. Not an excuse when there are plenty of other great coffee options.
Go literally anywhere else.Let me give you some background.... I don't usually go out for coffee, however, during a recent visit by my darling family (4 sisters at one time, can you say crazy!) one of them decided it would be a good idea to break my French press. Deep breath.....now I wouldn't call myself a coffee snob or a caffeine addict, but I do enjoy some coffee in the AM. Mojo to the rescue! 
Mojo is perfect distance from my house so that I can hit it up on my morning run. It opens at 6:30 AM on weekdays and often times there are coffee zombies queuing up outside waiting for the doors to open. 
Once inside it has the quirky coffee shoppe vibe, rotating art on the walls, magazines, outlets, ect. Also, this place has tasty iced coffee. One large with almond milk please! I take it to go, but I find the chairs and table outside a charming location for Magazine St. people watching. 
As previous reviewers remind, Mojo is cash only.Love the hours they keep! Best hot coffee drinks. Love the Milky Way one. So unique and delicious. Pastries are also great!Great hours in a neighborhood where most businesses seem to sleep in late. I had a bagel that was fairly unremarkable, which is only a problem when you consider the amazing food alternatives a few blocks away. Staff was VERY friendly, and the atmosphere relaxed. A great spot to caffeinate while reading or people watching.Not sure when they did the renovations, but between the last two times I've been at Mojo, the place has gotten twice as big! Very bright and spacious, great study space -- open until 11pm, which is much later than other cafes in the area. I see people studying both indoors and outdoors when I drive past all the time.
I'm not a huge coffee drinker so I usually get the iced chai when I come here. It's a little sweeter than I'd typically like my chai, but I deal with it. It's more creamy than spicy, but I definitely prefer it the other way around. Anyways, on my last visit, it was a LOT sweeter than I remember it, so I nicely asked a barista if it was possible to fix it/make it a little less sweet. She flat out just said "NO" in a super rude tone -- this definitely could have been handled better... if a drink can't be fixed, a barista will usually tell me sorry, but our drinks are premade, or at least "no" in a more polite manner. I have a negative interaction with someone who works at Mojo almost every time time I go there, sadly. Last time, someone was annoyed when I asked where the restroom was, like I was expected to know I had to go outside to the little outhouse thing. I don't think I'll be going back.This is my favorite coffee shop. The staff is very friendly, and the coffee is excellent. They have a large selection of drinks,including teas. They also have muffins,bagels,breakfast sandwiches and they make great wraps. 
This place has far more character, and characters, than a big chain coffee shop. I highly recommend Mojo.
Since I go here nearly every day, I hope to see you there.Employees are awesome and the products are great.
If you're staying to do work you get your coffee in a ceramic mug instead of a to go cup. The tea selection is incredible as well. The baristas have really helpful recommendations.
As for food, the lunch sandwiches are really good. There's also a nice selection of pastries, breads, and desserts. They usually have a gluten free option or two and some vegan choices. 
The vibe is hipster, but in a not trying too hard way (which is much appreciated). It's really easy to get work done here, and the background music is always interesting but not too districting.
The outside seating is great on a nice day. They even have a big water bowl if you want to bring your dog. Street parking is not hard to come by, so you can swing on over any day. The other locations are also great.Their iced brew has improved and is now one of my favorites. I've also just learned that they're adding a real bathroom in the near future! I'm looking forward to spending more time here soon!I agree with Katie L. I'm going to avoid it. Rude, up-themselves staff, so-so coffee and pastry selection. The place is also hot as hell in the hotter days, they can't figure out the ventilation  or - god forbid - air conditioning! I was sitting there eating a 2 day old bagel, drinking sub-standard java and sweating my butt off! This is while the staff were conversing loudly and screaming at the top of their voices entertaining themselves!
cash only. CIAO!Seems to be going down hill. I used to love this place but now you have baristas that don't even know how to make the drinks that are in the menu. Just had to teach one of their employees how to make a espresso and tonic. After she muffed the first one all up she tried to make another and was about to ruin that one too. She obviously had no clue what she was doing and the tonic was flat. Also jamming a whole lemon wedge on the rim of the glass instead of just the zest floating like it should be was disappointing.Just stopped in while embarking on a Magazine Street shopping spree.  Matt K prepared one of the finest soy lattes I've ever had!The more I go to Mojo, the more I like it. I have been coming to this location since it was the Rue, but Mojo is really much better. 
The staff are friendly and helpful. Occasionally I go with a non-coffee drinker and the staff will always find something they will like. 
One of the things that I enjoy the most is the atmosphere. Whether you are talking about world events with the staff, or talking to a complete stranger about life, Mojo makes you feel comfortable.Mojo Coffee? We are talking vibe on vibe. What is this you ask? Fresh roasted coffee, check. Knowledgeable baristas, check. Chill tunes, check. Scrumptious pastry treats, check. Place to sit and ponder a
The meaning of life, check. Look no further. Mojo' shot you covered.Mojo coffee is the place that got me in to drinking coffee and the bar which I hold all futures coffees against! This was one of the first places I came the first time I visited New Orleans. I was as charmed by this little coffee shop as I was by the city itself. Everything from the art on the wall to the chalkboard menu to the killer bunny encouraging you to try the specials are charming as hell. The iced coffee here is fantastic, the best I've ever had. The pastries, tea and hot coffee are all top notch as well. Mojo is one of the first places I bring anyone who's never been to the city.Best coffeeshop in the LGD. Good drinks, free wifi, quick service. 
Cash Only, be prepared.+++++ Best Latte in Town. 
- only Cash
- Slow internet
++ Pastries from Norma's ( Latin Pastries) 
- Food is just ok 
+ Environment 
+ Opens till Late 
- RestroomNice coffee shop. Clean, stylish, good background music and good coffee. Nice place to spend an afternoon.This place was really chill. The vibe was pretty sweet, but the food is just decent for the price. The coffee was incredibly average in my opinion. The staff was pretty nice though.I only write this with hopes that management is reading: I like lots of things about mojo. But over the past 1.5 years of coming here, the wifi situation has gone from mediocre to downright terrible.
It's borderline unfunctional...and I almost always have to go elsewhere if I want to get anything done work wise.
Cafes are more than Internet, but......just offering up some feedback that if as a business you want to attract customers with this feature, it could use some significant improvementsThe best part about this place is THE BATHROOM... Not that the coffee wasn't good, it definitely was. And their hours are great. 
But that bathroom through the back of the shop and in its own section of the courtyard... I thought it was really neat. Even if you don't have to "go", check it out.I had a iced soy latte and it was delicious.  Came back for a iced coffee but it was just alright.  The coffee shop is pretty cute overall though and seemed like mostly people from the neighborhood just studying.  The barista was really nice and laid back--even after we came back an hour later for more coffee-"Hey you guys, again"Its no longer cash only which is good. I found the place nice, clean but a little too loud for a coffee shop, I had to scream over the music to be heard by my guest sitting across from me. Also, the coffee and the sandwich was pretty good but I thought $15 before a tip was abit much for a large ice coffee and simple sandwich, too pricey for my taste. Honestly I wont be going back anytime soon.I really enjoy this coffee shop. Something about the atmosphere is really warm and welcoming. 
The baristas are always really friendly. There are definitely locals that frequent this shop, but you'll also find that tourists and even actors find there way into this cozy place. Lined with wooden tables, a decent amount of outlets, and reading lamps, this is a frequented study location. 
Whether you want a cappuccino or a cucumber watermelon lemonade, they have some really interesting spins on drinks that make this place more than just any random coffee shop. This is a place that I love to come and write, have a vanilla breve and a slice of the cinnamon walnut coffee cake, and enjoy the interaction with my neighbors. 
If you're always in an extreme hurry, this may be a place that irritates you, but I love that the baristas take their time with each patron. They make everything to order, and they're not yelling orders at each other. The person who asks you for your drink order makes your drinks and then meets you at the register. You can utilize their tablet system, and you can even choose to have your receipts emailed to you. But there is a certain level of care with this service that I appreciate.
I will miss this place.Cute little place with outdoor seating for a lazy summer night. Went here to study at night as it was the only place around that was open past 9pm (open until midnight). I liked the crowd there (read: not just for hipsters) and was able to easily find study space.
Didn't get to try their coffee or the food, but their strawberry limeade was delicious. Would probably frequent the place if I were a local.First latte since moving back to NOLA and boy oh boy, am I happy my friend brought me to his coffeehouse stomping ground! I'm still thinking about that latte and I had it a week ago! So good and it was lovely to look at (for like 2.4 seconds) I HAD to drink it up!Such incredibly Friendly gals working here this morning! They offered many vegan places in the area and our coffee drinks were perfect! Also, they sell Girls Gone Vegan baked goods! Been wanting to try these!!!Pastries were fine, coffee was fine. Customer service? I was made to feel very unwelcome.  I was ordering for four people, one of whom was standing right next to me. When I started to order, the man serving me kept turning around, not giving me an opportunity to finish what I was saying even for my husband who was right there about to order. Both he and another of the folks behind the counter acted as though I was putting them out for simply ordering, with comments like "well then, what else do you want?" and a pretty snide "is that it?"
When I needed to return to the counter to request an additional small plate, I made a point to be extra pleasant and give a cheerful "thank you", to which I received the ceramic plate almost thrown at me with a muttered "yeah, OK". I had tipped on my nearly $30 purchase and  had been completely pleasant throughout. I've spent many years in food and beverage and customer service and I am always courteous to those in the same.  I'd given no reason for them to be rude to me.
I was in New Orleans visiting friends and it was my first time in. It was really disappointing to be made to feel so unwelcome for asking where a microwave was and spending money. I don't expect white glove service at a coffee shop, but a simple "you're welcome" and basic courtesy goes a long way. It was bad enough to really bum me out on my last morning in the city :-(Please add a real bathroom! I think many of Mojo's neighbors would enjoy the place a lot more if they didn't have to pee in a stank lean-to out back. It's so gross; and the coffee definitely doesn't make up for it. I've begun to avoid this place simply because it's so hot and nasty. $4 for an iced coffee should afford decent facilities.BEST COFFEE IN NOLA. it's conveniently located across the street from st. vincent's guest house & the staff & vibe are a lot friendlier, too.
it's small, quaint, & cash only. i've been known to go here twice a day, every day because the coffee is that good. seems very community orientated & it always feels better to support local business, too. 
grab a coffee & then walk to juan's flying burrito ... sets the stage for a perfect afternoon on magazine street.Pretty good coffee shop that's conveniently located and a decent size. I didn't readily identify anything that I wanted on the menu, but the Barista was kind enough to walk me through a number of "do you like" and "how about" questions to make a good recommendation. He quickly arrived to a customized drink that was PERFECT! I definitely appreciated the patience and customer service. So, the combination of good coffee, a cool location, and great customer service is a win in my book!I went for my fist time to this place his weekend, some friends recommended and I give only 2 stars because the staff saw us taking a table and no one came to take the dirty dishes so I have to take it myself and put them in the stand the girl not even say thank you! Coffee was good flavor but the mugs are too small for the price, plus I ordered a cappucino and they didnt do the flower on the foam and in the pictures of the website looks like they do it.I had high hopes of a delicious mocha at Mojo Coffee House, however, after seeing the bottle of Hershey's chocolate tilted into my cup, I knew it was over.  Hershey's chocolate, really?
I can say that the coffee cake was far better than the mocha.While visiting New Orleans for Thanksgiving my Wife and I were in need of some quality coffee. Many shops were closed, this fine establishment was open and hopping! Not to mention it was just down the street from CrossFit NOLA, so I caffeined up and head over a Thanksgiving Workout. In the end this shop had a ton of room, if you have a large party or are looking to set up your band?I've had good coffee in a lot of cities and various countries and none are as good as the coffee at  the Mojo Coffee House.  Randy was an outstanding barista as well the gentlemen working  with him.Fantastic little coffee shop in the Magazine area of NOLA.
You really should get the Milky Way on ice.  Smooth, sweet but not overpowering and will give you the kick you need.
I love the nostalgia of the way this place was made.  Not a ton of seating but you can sit outside which is nice.  
Also, dirty lemonades!
Also, CASH ONLYGreat location. I'm all about atmosphere and the place is really inviting. Large selection of tea and coffee.
I decided to try something different for my first time here. Two things on the menu caught my attention. One was the peppermint herbal tea which is served hot, and the cran-apple iced tea. I went with the cran Apple tea this time around. 
Very delicious. You have the option of taking it to go or enjoying a jar glass for here. On my next visit I'll try a pastry as well & possibly some coffee or green tea particularly the "gunpowder" sounds like something I'd fall in love with! 
Only reason I gave them 4 out of five stars is because there card machine was done so I had to use cash. Luckily I had plenty cash but usually I don't carry cash, so that was the only downside. I'll be back with an update!There's a sign on the door that says "No Junkies Allowed," written very artistically, probably by some well-pierced/tattooed 26 year old hipper-than-thou girl named "Cassandra." I love this sign. I love picturing a junkie coming up to the door at Mojo's, seeing the homemade sign with a huge X over a syringe, and being like, "shit, guess I can't go in THAT place."  I also love that I live across the street from this joint in NOLA. So edgy. Mojo's doesn't take cash which annoys me, but they offer a wide selection of sandwiches in addition to kick-ass coffee, so I say rock on Mojo's.I just don't like the taste of their coffee. Tried twice and had a latte and flat white, but tasted odd. Place seems good for doing work with lots of people camped out.Coffee is drinkable. I mean if we're comparing Mojo's to the complimentary coffee they give you at Winn Dixie, then it's fantastic. 
It's definitely worse than, say, Starbucks. The pastries n muffins n stuff are stale sometimes.  The staff are ... uneven.  I have had one or two unpleasant interactions w/ the staff. As has my girlfriend. 
Best thing I can say about this place is they put a water bowl out for people's dogs. Or allow patrons to bring one out.  Might be the only reason I occasionally still give them some business.Best coffeehouse uptown. Prices are good, vibes are nice, perfect place to study or have an informal work meeting. Love this placeBest coffee in New Orleans. Consistently, if you want delicious espresso, pour over, or any espresso-based coffee Magic, this is the go to. 
They also recently expanded, ample seating, stylish, comfortable, and they kicked up the kitchen in a big way. The avocado crisp bread, salads, and all sandwiches are top-tier in the café world. They also have delicious pastries, bagels, and muffins but the made to order kitchen items are truly delicious.
And they also roast their own beans. The perfect variety of roasts. Honestly, a must for coffee lovers.Mojo is our favorite coffee shop in NOLA & has been very good for years. Great, consistent coffee. It was more crowded than I've ever seen it.  We've always just had the house brew & never disappointed. Today I tried a Kenya pour over. Bar staff was knowledgeable & friendly. They said it was a "wild" bean & they were right: a ripe mango bouquet and it went down like jam. Wife got a cappuccino; beautiful & always tasty. I just don't think you can go wrong with their hot bevs. 
We tried a pastry for the first time. Sweet cruffin was remarkably delicious. You must go to Mojo.Great coffee, cute place, good service, reasonable prices... Quiet little hole in the wall for a date or study session.omg this place was amazing! love love love the coffee. the vibe and all was great. i decided to go with a cappanccino! such a delightful #vibe!Here's the deal with Mojo's. I like their coffee more than any in town. But, it's simply not worth the service from hell. Wait 20 minutes in line, as I did this morning, on my way to the airport. After your 20 minute wait, while staff shoots the sh*t with a Midwestern family who take seven minutes to decide which TEA they want,  I finally come to the front of the line. I'm greeted by backs. There are four baristas. One goes on break, one starts counting pennies from the tip jar, converting them to dollars, and another begins furiously wiping down countertops, never glancing up. There are ten people behind me. Screw Mojo's. There are other places in town for a cup of good Joe, and you will never, ever have to endure the pathetic and ridiculous "service" at Mojo's. I've never been there that this wasn't the case. I'm. Done.Interesting to read some of the reviews about this place. Trust me I need my coffee "fix" as well but that doesn't mean the world revolves around you. 
1. The coffee here is amazing (you know what matters most at a coffee shop..not if they polished your ego). The vanilla latte was made perfect! They take their time and that is a good thing! If you're in a rush, that's not their problem. 
2. Seating is a plenty inside or outside. I'm here in July where it is 98 degrees and it feels nice in here. Not quite sure what some of the people are saying when they say it's hot inside. 
3. The baristas are all very nice. I haven't seen or felt any sort of rudeness. Maybe that's because I tend to treat people with genuine respect and kindness and I assure you they will reciprocate.
4. The location is very nice on Magazine street.
5. Open from 6:30 and till midnight.
Also, I don't undestand what a "hipster" coffee spot is. If you want coffee or sandwiches or whatever just go and order what you want. Don't let your personal issues dictate what you think the coffee shop is. Plain and simple this place is for everyone. 5/5!If I lived anywhere within striking distance of this coffeehouse it would be my regular hangout and choice for a cup of joe. Located in an up-and-coming neighborhood along Magazine Street in the Lower Garden District, the neighborhood itself is funky and upscale while still having a bit of that grungy New Orleans charm.
The shop itself looks like your artistic friends' bohemian loft, filled with well-worn tables and chairs graced with individual desk lamps for studying, reading -- whatever.
My wife tried a "miel" coffee after asking if they had anything that wasn't sugary yet not bitter. The barista didn't steer her wrong. It's a nice concoction of vanilla, honey, milk and french roast coffee. It had a sweet edge, but wasn't syrupy. Nor was it achieved with a bottle of syrup like at many coffee joints. Extra points for the nice leaf pattern properly poured into the top foam.
I opted for the chicory since that was definitely a regional drink that I don't always get. It was earthy and rich. They also had charming blue ceramic pots with a variety of sweeteners including honey, agave, brown sugar and white sugar.
The guy behind the counter was friendly and very helpful, walking my wife and I through the choices. We also met some friendly patrons in the shop.
Highly recommended.Cute and quirky coffee shop on our walk to the Garden District. It reminded me a bit of coffee shops in the Mission of SF. Our service was good (not sure about all these other reviews) and so was the coffee- the one thing about Mojo that stuck out in my mind though was the funny little bathroom outside. You walk out the back door and along a little outside area and there you have it, the bathroom. I guess, again, it reminds me a bit of little places in San Francisco. But that's why I fell in love with NOLA.
Anyway, get the Americano. It's my drink of choice.Me and my boyfriend stopped by here to have coffee and play Magic after a long day and the Cappuccinos we had were absolutely perfect. I got a vanilla one and I loved it! Thank you very much.Great coffee shop! Visiting New Orleans and was looking for a neat place to go. Awesome banana nut muffins! Coffee was very good and cool place to just chill and work on my laptop. Will definitely go back if I'm in NOLA again!Um, no. Total hipster spot; my barista had suspenders, a fedora, and a mustachio. That's fine, but my order was wrong three times. Not worth it.Spacious coffee house just a few blocks off of  St. Charles. My friend and I needed a little caffeine hit before continuing on with our night in NOLA, and MOJO was the only place that was open late in the area. So glad we found it. The barista was super friendly and the place was very spacious. I loved that they didn't try to cram a million tables in.I usually come here when I don't have time to make breakfast because it's right around the corner from my job. I always get an everything bagel and coffee. When I asked one of the guys for a bagel he said they hadn't come in yet so I walked over to the pastry glass case and said "This pastry here is that a cheese danish?" I look up and he's no where to be found. While I wait for him to come back I notice the day old pastries and see some bagels in the mix. I can't really tell what kind each one is because I don't know exactly which ones they carry. Didn't see a posted bagel menu. The server with the long beard comes up and I ask him if one of the bagels is an everything bagel (one looked similar). He condescendingly says "Well if it's there it's there and if it's not its not." ........The f$#%?! Deep breaths. Deep breaths. So I politely say "Well the problem is, I can't tell what these are and I really don't want to take a bite or put my nose on it to sniff. This one looks like it has some type of crumb mixture on it but I'm not sure what."  I think he then understood my point and said "Oh yea I think that's just part of the bagel falling a part but that one is plain." I'm ready to go at this point and it's obvious he's not going to identify the 3 bagels so I just grab one and went to the register. Original guy rings me up and asks if I want cream cheese. I tell him yes and pay. After I put cream in my coffee I pick up my bagel and not only is it not toasted (which they always do for me) there is no cream cheese. I ask long beard guy for my cream cheese and he says "Oh yea that's an extra cost." And I'm thinking I probably already paid for it when I told original guy I wanted cream cheese but of course they don't print receipts. So I just pulled out a dollar and paid the $0.55 and left. The whole ordeal was kind of shocking since the staff is usually pretty cool and efficient. Maybe it was a bad morning, but I won't be back.They have the best espresso in town. Great location to relax and sit outside on a pretty day. The staff has always bern nice in my experience. Good atmosphereI've been coming here for about three years, and my experiences tend to range from three stars to five, so I'm comprimising with a four-star review. I do want to say that, in general, I love this place and it has become my "study home." 
I've traveled coffeeshops far and wide in nola, and I will say that Mojo remains my favorite for a variety of reasons. The staff are interesting and quirky, which, because I am a dork of tremendous proportions, facilitates my being comfortable there. Seriously, this coffeeshop is run by really nice people who know how to make a great whatever-it-is that they are serving you. I dislike the Rue because I feel as if the hipster staff is superciliously judging me, and there's none of that here. The only reason for four stars instead of five? Heaven help you if it is busy (which it is at random times through the day) and you want to run in and run out. It's not because they are slow; I think that they keep staffing down to one or two baristas, so they are actively serving a maximum of two people when a line may consist of ten, while making a range of things from drip coffee to complicated espresso drinks to full-blown sandwiches. That's tough for anyone, so yeah, it takes awhile. 
The most obvious standout for Mojo is the taste of the coffee. I have had about enough of coffee that tastes mysteriously like an ashtray was dumped into it, or that is almost dirt-like in flavor. (Perhaps I have warped tastebuds, but I find the coffee at CC's--NOT Community in general, I drink it at home--and the Rue to taste marginal at best.) I honestly enjoy their drip coffee, and the espresso is actually hearty and nice to drink. The sandwiches are good if you're there for an all-day work or study session, and their ginger lemonade is fresh-squeezed and delicious. There is an abundant tea selection, and of course the ever-popular Boba tea is legitimately the best I've had within the city limits. (The best, however, is outside of Hong Kong Market on the West Bank.) 
The atmosphere is great: hammered tin ceiling and walls with funny artwork and sarcastic tip jars. Charming in the run-down-New-Orleans kind of way, which I love. Every sort of person comes here that you can imagine, and it is refreshingly sparsely populated with coughcoughcoughundergradscoughcough. People actually sit and talk here (as in, discourse on the State of the World in oftentimes loud and vociferous tones), so make sure to bring headphones with you if you don't study well in this environment. Furthermore, they have a pretty awesome music selection, but it is usually loud (which I like, when I'm in the mood) and again, nods of the head to my studying peeps. There are the occasional days when I jam out to their 80s xm radio station (or whatever it is... Sirius? I don't know) and others when they're playing uber-punk roaring music. It's all in good fun. 
They only accept cash, so I won't pretend that I haven't rushed in there while late for class, given my drink order, and then gotten mildly rage-y when I realized that I had to go back to the ATM and grab some cash. However, this is New Orleans, and isn't it charming! We're absolutely European that way. Or something. 
So yeah, great atmosphere, great coffee, good sandwiches, but the service is sometimes quite slow AND I find their pastry selection both lacking and lackluster. They have quite possibly the worst croissants I've ever had (particularly in comparison to La Boulangerie), and their muffins are okay. Sometimes they have some interesting vegan bread (I'm not vegan), and it's actually one of the best things that they serve--particularly this apple-currant kind they frequently carry. The cakes and bear claws are just meh. Bagel selection is great, and when they're fresh, they are a good choice. Concurrent selection of tomato-basil cream cheese is also a good choice. 
I love Mojo, despite its pastry fallacies! Definitely a great study spot.I am not really a "coffeehouse person," meaning I don't really like sitting in a coffeehouse for hours on end. I tend to prefer stopping by coffeehouses when I have a random hour I need to kill between errands and appointments and don't feel like going home. So my criteria for a good coffee shop should be: Comfy place to hang out for an hour + can make a good vanilla latte (since I don't go to coffee houses all the time I splurge when I rarely make it to one) + reading material available if I didn't plan ahead or decent wifi so I can fart around on my phone. Extra bonus points for good pastries.
Mojo does well on most of these counts. I didn't try any pastries, so I can't speak to that. I was surprised and delighted when my vanilla latte came with pretty pretty foamy art. It was sweet but not overly sweet, which is how I like it.
Only (very mild) complaint is that other customer's etiquette seemed iffy. Some person left their windbreaker on an otherwise-empty table the entire time I was there (wtf). Ladies next to me didn't bus their tables. But this isn't the fault of the shop so much as it is people needing some schooling by Emily Post.Good coffee, large space.
SPOTTY INTERNET. Would not recommend coming here if you need reliable internet
Otherwise, a great spot to meet up with people to study or chat as there is lots of tables and chairs. On that note, potentially a lot of people coming for meetings with people so oftentimes lots of conversation going on.
Lots of street parking nearbyThe reviews here were good and it looked inviting, so I gave it 2 chances.  Both with undrinkable results.  Both the "americano" and the drip coffee tasted grossly overextracted and like an ashtray.  The bagels amoung the worst I have even had and even the music sucked (in NOLA!).I was a little put off by all of the flavor options - it seemed like they might take priority over the coffee. But my iced latte was among the best I've had - there  was a lot of milk in it and a very strong shot of espresso. The atmosphere in the shop was really nice - there were a lot more people actually talking to each other, rather than just sitting in front of their computers, than I'm used to.My sister and I were exploring Magazine St. after our brunch at Surrey's and we stumbled upon Mojo Coffee. The barista was really friendly and patient with us, especially me. I never know what to order. However, my sister ordered a ice jasmine tea and it was refreshing. When it was my turn to order, I was still undecided so I told he barista to surprise me and she did! She made me this sweet, ice cold brew and I liked it. Def coming back here again!Coffee is decent.  Service is awful. 
My wife asked for her coffee for here. There were a dozen or so glass cups hanging behind the counter. Guy starts making it in a paper cup. She asks if she can have it in a glass cup. He says "no. We're too busy." 
??????
And then this vested clown in a bowler hat  with a watch chain says "is that a problem?". 
Bizarrely overcrowded. Line is 20 minutes. Coffee expensive. Won't serve food if it's too busy. Staff are tools. And worst, they blast glam metal. 
These guys can't handle it.Great coffee suggestions from the staff, ask them what they like and if you get there early the croissants are really good, just get there before they are gone.I would give Mojo 5 stars based on the drinks and space/vibe. I got a latte and a ginger lemonade and they were both delicious. There was plenty of seating inside and outside and the space was light and airy. What I would not recommend, however, are the crisp breads. I got the avocado crisp bread and it was hard to eat and in desperate need of seasoning. It was also very expensive for what I got. My friend got the ricotta crisp bread and the raspberries on it were still frozen. I would opt to get something different food-wise next time I go.Best cold-brewed coffee Uptown, hands down. My only complaint is that the bathroom is kind of like an outhouse. If you dig the charm, then chug that coffee, but if you require any kind of comfort, sip slowly.My review is based on staff and not coffee. For just coffee and atmosphere I would give 5 stars.
Not all staff here was rude. The gentleman that served me was polite and respectful. His coworkers however were not. When placing your order you do so at one end of the bar, pick it up on the other end and have to go back to the start to get lids, straws, creamer and sweeteners. Just a bad set up. If you didn't know this before hand it would be confusing to now have everything near were you pick up your order. The employee just said you can't win  them all when asked were everything was. I felt it could have been handled better. But what deserves the rating is the guy who said he was the owner. I heard him make a nasty comment after a  customer politely asked if they had table service for the outside seating. He told her no and explained you ordered inside. When she went in he made such a rude comment I can't type it cause it's not allowed. I can't believe an owner would say such a thing. Without customers you have no coffee shop. If that's how an owner acts then I can't support them and know there is always other places for coffee.Great place, great atmosphere.  I drink tea and they have a decent selection. Their bagels, pastries are usually good, especially if they have homemade cream cheese flavors which they often do. People have commented on the chairs and here's the scoop.  This place used to be the first Rue De La Course coffee shop and the owner of that place bought the chairs.  Yeah, they suck.  Mojo's never replaced them, which always surprised me, they are not comfortable in any way.  Don't believe me, check out the Rue Dee's on Carrollton to try the same fucking chairs.  Bring a back brace.  Back to Mojo's, too bad the service comes with a heaping helping of "fuck you" if you're not a regular.  Hey, I lived in that neighborhood for thirteen fucking years, so what if I take my caffeine at home most of the time?  Don't have cash, well they refuse to enter the 21st Century.  Unfortunate.  Still, all of that, and it's a million times better than PJ's on Annunciation. That place is just bizarre.  So there's that.Being from Seattle we found it a bit difficult to find a lot of coffee shops in New Orleans. Luckily this one was just down the street from our rental. Great coffee, delicious lemonade, and friendly service.Wish this place was bigger... And had higher bandwidth. Can get really crowded, especially because it is one of few coffee shops in the city open late (same problem with the Freret street location but at least that space is much bigger!)
Coffee is good but not remarkably great. They do, however, offer a variety of interesting drinks (Yerba mate latte! Rose lemonade!) and some sandwiches which sound good but I have yet to try any. 
Decor is meh - pretty unremarkable, though I do like the textured walls and small lamps on some of the tables.
Can get cold and drafty at night... Especially because the door doesn't close all the way and is always about 4 inches open.
Certain baristas are great - friendly, patient, helpful. Others can be loud talkers, even when the place is full of people with headphones in trying to get work done. Shh! No need to yell across the counter to customers or coworkers.
Wifi can be really hit or miss... It took over an hour for me to connect, but the guy next to me was on the same network with no trouble. Other times, I've had no issues.
The lack of prices on the menu is a little disconcerting, but maybe I just like knowing how much I'll be paying before I order something without having to ask.
Overall, nice coffee shop, can get crowded, extra points for extended hours (other shops, take note!)How awesome is Mojo? When the line is usually out the door every time you pass by, I would geuss that it's probably pretty damn awesome. I was right.
The vibe is laid back and cool, the baristas are friendly and helpful and it seves the best iced coffee I have had. I have also had a few chocolate flavored frozen coffee from here and those were fantastic too. 
I love all of the local art and locals publications that you can look at while waiting for your order. I love that Mojo is local itself. I love how affordable they are. I love all the cute outdoor seating on people watching heaven Magazine Street.
One big con...it's small and always crowded. If you so much as think of wanting some elbow room, you'll probably hit the person standing next to you. But, hey, you may not mind that. I just happen to dislike people invading my personal space.
Stop in and give Mojo a try if you haven't. It may become your new favorite coffee shop.Ahhh.... I miss Mojo. It was right across the street from St. Vincent's where I was staying, so I made more than one visit. The workers are cool and drinks are customizable and reasonably cheap. 
Try the day-old pastries that are out by the register at a discounted price! The blueberry muffins are delicious. They do toasted bagels, too (which actually looked decent compared to others offered locally), and some pretty fancy sandwiches.
The first day I got an iced latte with soy milk and praline flavor. It really hit the spot, though I'll be honest, I couldn't taste anything besides especially good coffee. I also tried the iced matcha latte with soy milk, which was very bold and green tea-ish. Loved it.
Unlike Starbucks, they don't automatically sweeten the drinks, so you get to add your sweetener of choice.Stopped here by happenstance while walking to our next stop post-St Pats parade. A member of my party had to stop to use the peculiar outdoor bathroom at this place, so I decided to give this local establishment a try. I ordered what I use as a baseline for cafes, a cappuccino. It was fantastic. We drank it walking down the sidewalk, and I almost had the nerve to turn back for more. Maybe it was the copious amount of alcoholic beverages I had consumed prior, but this coffee house hit the spot. Looks like a great place to relax with a cup of joe if you're in the area.Great espresso, friendly staff, spacious location with tables outside. Can't ask for anything more...So many of my compadres love this place. I get it: the iced drink options, pastries and the blissful opportunity to wax and wane with the hoi polloi of the neighborhood. 
It's not that close for me to enjoy on foot and if I am waking the pooch, chances are there's nowhere to sit in the shade. It's the luck of the draw. I'm digressing..,
The coffee doesn't thrill me that much. There's stiff competition nearby and it's time to up the game. If I'm spending my discretionary dollars, I need a fantastic cup o'joe.So I have been going to Mojos before it was Mojos, like over 20 years.  I have really been enjoying their Iced and regular hot coffee. Some of the most consistently brewed around.  I was very excited the other day when I noticed they added Nitro Brewed Iced Coffee to the menu.  I actually made a trip over there, out of my way, today for the sole purpose of grading some.  When I got there and ordered a "Large Nitro Brew" the female who took my order looked at me in a bit of a rude  manner and said "we only serve it in 10oz". ok and I asked what that looked like.  She said "do you want a cold brew?" rather rudely. I asked if she could put it in a regular cold brew cup and she looked at me strange again and said "do you want a cold brew?.  Well Emily I guess thats what ill have thanks!  Maybe you should stay over on the expresso machine where you have less contact with the public in the future.  Everyone else is always so pleasant when I've been there As I think about it I realize she is usually over on the side away from the main ordering area she is probably not the one you want greeting customers first.This place is a very chill and cool vibe for a coffee shop. If you are looking for a place to study and focus this is the place. It is quiet and spacious. There is only one bathroom tho and it's in the back outdoors. The ham and cheese sandwich was delicious and the ginger lemonade was delightful. I will be doing more studying there soon. And the staff is very nice and chill.I live a few blocks from Mojo, and end up visiting every few weeks, mostly because I never have cash on me, and it's a cash only cafe. 
It's a decent little coffee shop with a fair amount of seating (no comfy lounge-type seating, but that's OK with me). I love their coffee, which is always fresh and flavorful, not burned or chicory or watery. Their pastries are meh, which really kills the vibe, because if you're going to open a tiny little neighborhood cafe, for me baked goods would seem to be an intrinsic part of making the cafe GREAT instead of just OK. Surely someone in the neighborhood can hook Mojo up with some better danishes, right? 
Minus two stars for being cash only (yes, I understand not wanting to do CC transactions, but many of us only carry cards these days) and for not having drool-worthy eats.ATTENTION! Mojo is no longer cash only! They take credit card too! 
Now that we have that cleared up, let me tell you why you should come here: delicious coffee that is reasonably priced, a local crowd with great people watching, a good collection of listings and bulletins of events happening in the neighborhood for you to peruse while you wait for your coffee, lots of comfortable seating with good access to outlets so your computer doesn't die in the middle of writing an email, friendly staff, pretty location.
Only con is the lighting. Gets a little dark in there as the day goes by, but they do have little lamps on each table to help with that problem.Interior space wise gets a superb rating. Big open space for setting up your 3rd space. Friendly and inviting environment without too many distractions so that you can actually accomplish some work. Food was not ordered but there is that option. It looked quite decent.
Stopped in for 30minutes to do some work as well as a light pick me up.Go go juice. This place sells go go juice. Real good juice that make you go. I go here a lot. Go get your juice to go or stick around. Both good.Nice little coffee house. Only major complaint is the staff. Day staff is excellent and very helpful and friendly. Night staff totally sucked. Ordered a piece of cake and was told I knew where the forks were. Actually, no I didn't. We are only visiting from Florida. Barista was rude and acted like he could care less about the customers. And all of the creamers were empty as well.Awesome ambience with a little Brooklyn vibe. Great staff who can brew awesome coffee. Would happily sit and sample all the drinks and food on the menu. Even the classic cafe au lait was one of the best I've had.I don't understand what previous reviewers mean by the staff not being friendly.  I've been going to Mojo since I moved to New Orleans roughly 6 months ago.  I've gone in the day time, the weekends, and late nights and I've never dealt with a rude person working.
I've never had a bad cup of coffee there.  I saw a comment that said this place is for coffee and tea "snobs" which I don't understand.  Why would you want to pay just as much for a cup of coffee anywhere and get a lesser quality product.
The pastries are all very good.  I don't know where they get them from but they are worth trying.  I normally get a butter crescent if I'm heading to work in the morning or a piece of coffee cake if I'm there in the evening.  They have sandwiches during the daytime but I have yet to try one myself.
It's not a complaint, but it is a small place.  Like most places in New Orleans square footage is at a premium so it's a little on the tight side.  For a neighborhood coffee shop they have a fair amount of tables.  I've seen the signs that say that you are suppose to buy something every hour if you are going to use one of the tables, but I've never seen them say anything to anyone.I just wanted to update and say that their iced red eye is pretty greatI don't get the hype, but I'm willing to give it a second shot. I dig the vibe of this place; the music is good, the clientele is varied, the decor (for lack of a better word) is classic dive-y New Orleans charm, and the baristas are nice though the signs are snarky. The coffee, however, was flavorless. The bagel was blah and too bread-y. I found it strange that they didn't have non-disposable cups. ARGH, whyyyy cash only? New Orleans is all about the cash only places, and I hate it. I never carry cash. Also, the place is tiny, so good luck finding a seat if you want to settle in. 
It IS super nearby my house, so I definitely want to give it another shot.Decent coffeehouse. 
Their tea selection is weird. It should be good since they have quite a few varieties, all loose-leaf, but their crazy-ass flavors that are pretty much all Darjeeling based. Can a gal get a basic Chinese black tea, please?
Bagel selection if fine. I will bump up a star for very yummy cucumber-dill schmear.If you're looking for somewhere to get some work done, look no further. Mojo is the perfect little spot to settle in, sip a fancy looking latte, and knockout your to-do list. There's plenty of seating (and outlets!) and free WiFi. They also get bonus points for having a rad bathroom that houses the Iron Throne!Mojo coffee is a very aesthetically pleasing but the barista that we dealt with was very rude, so despite the lovely setting and tasty coffee, the experience was bad. 
My friends and I came in around 12:45pm on Monday. Not everyone who walks into a coffee shop that isn't a Starbucks or Peet's is a coffee connoisseur and the barista with the blue eyes who had very short hair was very rude and snobby response to my friend wanting a macchiato. 
My friend asked for a macchiato and the barista made an assumption and started telling my friend that if what he wants is a caramel macchiato like the ones at Starbucks, it's not like that. First off, where does he come off with a response like that? What made him assume that my friend didn't know what he was ordering? Secondly, if you're in a customer service position, then deliver good customer service. So that was strike one. 
Strike 2, my other friend was not listening in on the conversation he had with friend A, and when she came up to order, she asked for an ice macchiato. His response to her was "I'm going to tell you what I just told him (referring to friend A). It's not like Starbucks and what you want is a caramel latte." Just because we came in a group, you can't expect us to hear what you tell one person because most of the time we're probably not paying attention to that or having a side conversation with others. His tone was very demeaning and sassy. Definitely not a good display of good customer service. 
He never once smiled at us or welcomed us into the shop. The atmosphere was very tense and hostile in my opinion and that totally ruined my enjoyment of the place. His comments to my friends left a super bad taste in my mouth and turned me off from ordering something. I don't want to give my business to a business that doesn't value it's customers.When you need a good cup of coffee and a local vibe, Mojos is a good place to stop. Pastry selection is small but tasty...there's often a quiche and some cakes too...if you're being healthy get a piece of fruit.
You can buy whole bean or ground coffee here too... They get some really good single bean ones and blends from Coffee Roasters of New Orleans. (Apparently, according to my coffee-fiend partner, they sometimes get some single-bean roasts that are hard to find and that only Coffee Roasters has)
They're cash only, so stop at an ATM before you show up or prepare to scrounge for change in your bag...
The staff is friendly and the Wi-Fi is free. Its an OK study spot and the bathroom is small but serviceable (go thru the door past the sugar/milk counter then thru the courtyard to find it...its just past the cat...seriously...the cat is always there, I don't think he leaves that area ever...)
The sign at the counter that says "This is La not LA" cracks me up every time... I just picture Hollywood peeps being all offended that they can't use their credit cards here...Basic coffee shop. Tea, coffee, pastries are good. Sandwiches are OK. Now, the bathroom? Ouch! This has got to be worst I have seen. Probably worse than any haunted house or gas station. You might as go somewhere else to use the bathroom.Small neighborhood cafe with good tables for working and chatting with a friend. If it's not too hot, sidewalk seating is an option. I sat for a few hours as many did, kind of place where you can plop down for a bit.
The ATM seems to be very popular, many coming in just to use it.
Slow service but I wasn't in a rush so it was ok. My coffee and pastry were good.
The bathroom is, well, an outhouse basically. You have to go outside to get to it and it's a tiny room if you can call it that. Not the most clean or pleasant, especially on a hot day.
Overall, thumbs up!The combination of the music, the natural light in this place, and this Mermaid Bowl is makin' my heart feel right.BEST local dark roast I've ever had (Noir and Brazil). Love it. Kind staff, too.Went here to get my caffeine fix since I was recovering from the the Saints Superbowl win the previous night.  However, I opted for a chocolate drink, choco-ole, since I never heard of it.  I thought it was going to taste like hot chocolate.  It didn't.  Instead it tasted like like non sweetened chocolate in steamed milk.   It was alright.  They also sell bubble tea and other pastries, too.  There is free wi-fi.  Like many of the other establishments on magazine street, they only take cash but there is an ATM machine inside the coffee house.  Overall, a nice local coffee house to spend your morning at and avoid tourists for a while.I really enjoy this place. I am a person that likes to plunk my ass down in a coffee shop and veg for hours and this isn't really a spot to do that. There are few tables and they are always taken. 
The bathroom is....an outhouse.Cute charming, local place to grab a cup of joe. Try their pastries, very good! Hot spot for locals.In the desserted land of coffee suppliers after 6pm in NOLA, Mojo was a beautiful oasis of macbooks, coffee bag lined walls and most importantly, freshly brewed JAVA. 
My crack, my elixir of life, the fuel on which my wheels turn. 
We passed by no less than 6 cafes which were all open from 11am to 3pm before stumbling upon Mojo - open until 12am, like any self-respecting coffee house should be. 
The coffee was average, not the best I've ever had, but it wasn't bad either. The barista had a very hipstery lax about life ennui to him, which I'm used to.I had there really nice experience. Awesome coffee, pastries and lemonade. Wish to have such a place a block away from home.Great service and great coffee! After having a horrible experience at a restaurant next door we came over for some coffee and we were gladly surprised at the whole experience. We will definitely have to visit in all of our future visits.Consistently good at what I need them to be good at. Great coffee. Great espresso and a latte that won't burn your tongue.
In addition to that, a great place to meet up with someone. Love the tables outside on both the Magazine street side and the Race street side.Been here a few years ago.  Come here when I'm early for my chiropractor next door. If u want a seat here tho.. Gotta fight for a table with the wi-fi-ers‼I've worked in coffee shops my whole life. I know how frustrating it can be dealing with cranky people that aren't quite awake yet. With that being said, I was in a great mood walking in, and left infuriated!
I had come in three days in a row, and gotten a LARGE iced coffee. It was good stuff, and they had agave syrup, so I came back. This morning, I order the same thing and get a medium, so I said something. I was looking directly at the large cup behind the guy, and inquired as to why I wasn't getting a large. He said it was because of post hurricane conditions. I asked if he was charging the same, and he wasn't. I couldn't understand why they wouldn't just charge me the regular price and give me what I asked for, but I just went and had my coffee, irked by the weird service rationale.
So I sat outside by the window for about 15 minutes, observing several people getting ACTUAL large drinks. I approached another one of the guys working, and asked why I wasn't given a large cup. He said they'd been doing that on and off all day, so I told him that I had just ordered fifteen minutes ago. At this point he pretty much called me a liar, saying I was sitting out there longer than that, and I was ready to slap his hipster head off of his scrawny body. I told him that it had been 15 - 20 minutes TOPS since I had entered the shop to begin with and was refused what I actually ordered. In a fed-up tone, throwing his hands up he said, "Well, I'm sorry, then!"
At this point, I just glared at him and walked out of the shop.
I'm never going back to this place again. It's really too bad that the staff is so rude, because the iced coffee IS pretty good.I am so torn over Mojo's. On the one hand, it's close to my house, and is the only coffee house around that's open late (past 10), the coffee is good (not cheap, I'd say about average cost), and the aesthetic is fairly original. On the other hand, there's the hard-as-iron chairs, the cramped setup, and the mediocre pastries. Now all of this I can handle, and I would come back despite, but there is one thing that prevents me from coming back here (and to some, I know, this will seem trivial, but it's important to me and I think to some others too) is the lighting. If I have my choice, a coffee shop should have warm, not-too-bright lighting - lamps and whatnot - not really for any other reason than when you're sitting there studying for 4 hours, harsh lighting really wears on the eyes. But I tell you the overhead lighting at Mojo's isn't harsh, it's beyond harsh, it's putting out more radiation than Chernobyl and I just can't handle it. Within an hour, the CFLs make me want to just run out the door to make it stop - it's distracting, fatiguing, and completely, completely unnecessary. And it's the one reason I won't give my business to them - they should know better.I like Mojo's.  I don't love Mojo's.  Admittedly I'm not the easiest of reviewers on cafes.
The espresso is nice.  But the pastries?  C'mon.  3 day old Sysco carrot cake?  Insulting.
What Mojo's does, it does well.  It provides a dankly lit corner spot in the heart of the LGD with decent beverages.
What Mojo's doesn't do, it should just stop trying.  That carrot cake is neither carrot nor cake.  Fhethk!Perfect stop - open on New Year's Day - terrific dirty chai and tasty Magazine sandwich!My husband and I came by Mojo Coffee when we were walking around Magazine St. It was a perfect little spot to stop & grab a drink in the late afternoon. After visiting a lot of coffee shops throughout New Orleans, I loved how big their cafe was. Tons of seating & workspace! I believe we stopped by around 4PM on a weekend, and it was surprisingly not busy. It was a quaint place and had a really great atmosphere. The baristas were super kind! They made some fantastic drinks & their espresso was definitely on point. My husband grabbed a yerba mate tea, which was also fantastic. We told the baristas we were from out of town, and they made us feel very welcome and mentioned a couple of things we should do before we leave New Orleans. A great experience!
One of the perks I love about this place is their outdoor seating. They have a few tables along the sidewalk of Magazine St., which is a great spot for people-watching or just enjoying the outdoors. We sat out there for a while, and it was really nice. The only thing kind of sketchy about this place is the bathroom situation. I guess their building area is shared with other tenants because you have to walk outside to this weird little bathroom, and it was just nasty. Extremely dirty, smelly, no A/C... basically a port-a-potty. Not saying a bathroom is everything, but you've been warned!
Bathrooms aside, I would definitely return!There something about New Orleans coffee that is very special. I got a large Nella latte, which really hit the spot. I knew I wanted a latte, so I asked the barista out what flavor she recommended. She immediately said vanilla, since they make it somewhere special, but also recommended the banana.
There's ample seating and lots of plugs around, so this is a pretty big establishment. Also, a huge plus is that it's away from the French quarter or central business district, so there's plenty of parking.Nice coffee,  well made and strong. Extra star for being open late on Sunday and outdoor seating.I'm kind of in love with this little coffee shop, which is saying a lot, since I don't drink coffee.
But you know what I DO drink? Bubble tea! Sometimes I will wake up and just NEED some all day long. Well, Mojo is the only place remotely near me that I know serves bubble tea. Unfortunately for me, it's not really on my way to anywhere either, so I don't make it over too frequently. 
I made a special trip out today (it was one of those bubble tea days!), and took the long way home from work to get my fix. 
I had already gotten the Taro flavor a while ago (yum-tastic and PURPLE!), so I decided to go the really refreshing route and grab a Honeydew bubble tea. The nice girl behind the counter regretfully informed me that they were out of tapioca, and asked if I still wanted my tea. Well . . . yeah. I did! I was kind of depressed about the lack of tapioca pearls, because that is most of the fun of bubble tea, but I needed to find out how the Honeydew flavor tasted, no matter what!
Dudes, it was AMAZING. And bright green! Completely hit the spot, so much so that (after talking to a friend I bumped into for about an hour) I decided to get another LARGE cup of it. Then discovered (oh no!) that they were out of Honeydew, so I would have to choose another flavor. I went with Lychee, which was good, but not quite as good as Honeydew. A little too sweet and fragrant, I think . . . the Honeydew was milder. Still good, though . . . but did I really need two giant cups of the stuff? YES. Yes, I did.
I'm kinda buzzing off bubble tea right now, so this review might be all over the map! 
Honestly, if it weren't for the intermittent lack of ingredients, this would probably be a 5 star place for me. It's adorable, I run into people I know, friendly staff, and yummy bubble tea! 
Also, I do appreciate the staff's honesty in telling me that bubble tea supplies take a long time to come in when they are ordered, so I am prepared that not all of the flavors will be available at all times. This is becoming a trend with me. I enjoy honesty from the businesses I patronize, even if the news is not ideal. It earns my loyalty. 
In short, I will definitely return, but will maybe call ahead to see if Honeydew or Taro is in stock! :-)
Pro tip: Cash ONLY, dahlin'I just started going here when I discovered I knew the manager and many of the regulars from the days when I lived in the Lower Garden District. I think the coffee is excellent and I am a big fan of bubble tea. I have had very intellectual conversations with complete strangers here, and that is rare in the buried-in-my-laptop coffee house culture I am used to. I think this is everything a neighborhood, corner coffee place should be, and if you don't want to sit in the dark-ish interior or outside with the smokers, you can walk a block to Coliseum Park and enjoy the fountain on a sunny dayBest cold brew I've ever had!  The baristas seemed laid back and the atmosphere was great! The bathroom is oddly my favorite because of the wall artThere are plenty of reviews of Mojo's as a coffeehouse, but I wanted to comment on the food.  The first thing I had was the kale salad-- kale, cucumber, and fresh mint with ribbons of chili in a house-made coconut dressing-- it was AMAZING!!  Who would have expected chef-quality food at our local lower-garden coffee house?  I spoke with the manager/owner, and they do indeed have a chef now-- who by my judgment is quite talented-- along with a commitment to providing top-quality, healthy ingredients.  The next thing was a lox dill creation (salmon and dill on green onion cream cheese) on whole-seed crackers-- also delicious!  The coffee here is great, and it's a great place to work or meet friends or colleagues, but it's also well worth stopping in for the food.Stopped by in a hurry. Had a latte and a cinnamon roll. Both delicious. Fast and friendly. Definitely recommend!Cool staff. Good vibe. Plenty of power sources for the studying type. Solid internet. Little on the pricey side but the drinks were above average to be sure. 
I ordered the Robert Palmer, (fresh lemonade with Yerba mate) and I thought it was GRRRREAT. 
My girlfriend ordered the iced latte. Frothy and good. 
If I lived here, I'd make this home base for SURE. 
Solid barista with solid personality helps.We went here and ordered a cup of coffee, a slice of coffee cake and a cup of fresh ginger lemonade, which was completely watered down: When making the lemonade the barista, with a bicycle necklace and brown hair, had filled the entire cup with ice and I kindly asked her if she could use less ice. She became noticeably quite upset and jerkily finished making the lemonade (which is actually from concentrate). She added the same amount of concentrate to the cup and diluting up the rest of space with water, resulting in a watered-down concoction. I think it is sleazy to falsely claim selling fresh lemonade, when they are really selling ice. Not a bad place to sit and read, but the barista who was working just really put a damper on the afternoon spirits. Also there was green mold on the bottom of the coffee cake, which was fortunately washed down by the watery drink. Just come here cautiously and expect to be surprised and potentially poisoned. Kind of like on lower Bourbon St.I love this place. I spend way too much time there, which is what most of the regulars do. The coffee as well as the atmosphere is addictive. I stick to the espresso drinks, but on really hot days an iced coffee with chocolate milk is the best form of air conditioning.  The people watching is hysterical, and the barista's pick the music so there is a large variety. It seems like a great place to camp out for studying or hanging out with friends and its open till midnight!The B E S T coffee I've ever had. Very impressed with the quality of coffee they provide. (I ordered Milky Way.) So many options for teas as well. Definitely going to become my go-to coffee/tea spot. I'm craving it now just thinking about it...Staff was super friendly, accommodating, laid back/easy going, and just overall eager to serve their customers.  I had oatmeal and their ginger lemonade - perfect for a morning meal after a night of drinking.  The place is quaint had has room for a few tables and they have outdoor seating along the pavement.  The prices were reasonable, and they have day old pastries for half off.The mocha was a bit on the "meh" side, but their iced milky way is always spot on.  I like the coffee shop ambiance.  
As a student myself, I actually don't mind that sign that says you should buy something every hour (which most people don't do anyway).  The coffee house does tend to get packed with these campers, which I actually find to be impolite. I normally don't feel any remorse when I camp out somewhere like Starbucks, but I don't do that at local coffee shops where seating is limited.  It's rude, and bad for business.  So, that being said, seating here can be hit-or-miss. 
Definitely will be trying out their raspberry mocha cloud.I was only in New Orleans for 4 days but was very pleased that a local shared Mojo Coffee with me in the Garden District, Ferret St.
Their coffee was so good. I looked forward to getting my morning Latte every day. Wish I would have purchased some beans to take home.
The only thing about this place was the male employee with the long blondish hair. He picked at his face while waiting on customers and then went to the bathroom with his hand wipe towel still hanging from his pant pocket. He returned to work with it still hanging from his pocket after using the restroom.I discovered Mojo while apartment hunting in the Lower Garden District. Now, two months later, I'm all moved into my new home which just happens to be next door to Mojo. 
There really isn't much I don't like about this quirky little coffee shop.  The coffee is always fresh and delicious.  My boyfriend has fallen in love with the fresh muddled strawberry lemonade and their vanilla cocacolas have helped me survive the New Orleans' summer heat.  They serve food and snacks, but I haven't tried any yet.  They also have bubble teas.
The only  con is that sometimes there's long lines and it can be a wait to order a quick drink or snack.  If there's a line and you're in a hurry, then it's best to try another coffee joint.  Also, it's cash only, but they have an ATM. Other than that, Mojo is really one of the nicest coffee shops I've tried in Nola. The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is relaxed. Plus its opened late!My favorite coffee shop! I love this place, go to the Freret location almost everyday. It sounds weird, but you have to try the Cajun Caramel Iced Latte (Caramel & Cayenne) it's a perfect combination.My friend and I stopped by Mojo Coffee House while we were waiting for a table for brunch at Surrey's down the street. It was a hot and humid June morning and we needed a cold drink while we waited. We came across Mojo Coffee House and popped in. The decor is modern and clean - very simple. 
The staff were super friendly and our drinks came out fast. My iced coffee was delicious and refreshing, and my friend enjoyed her iced vanilla latte. The prices are fair and better than most chain coffee spots, while the quality of the coffee is much better.Visited this place on the advice of my uber driver. Definitely a great place to people watch, feed birds and get some work doneWe went to grab coffee while we waited for our table at Surrey's.  I had the iced coffee and added a little mint.  I am usually someone who has to add a bunch of milk and sugar to my coffee, but this was so tasty and refreshing I didn't need to!  Delightful! And, it's a nice corner to sit and sip on a beautiful New Orleans day.My favorite coffee house in New Orleans! Great drip coffee,choose from AMAZING pour-over beans and a vast array of teas.
The employees are an eclectic brew of characters who love their job and love their customers. There is nothing that will guarantee my permanent exodus more than a snobby hipster and you will not find that here.
Not only are the people and product great, but the knowledge of the product they are serving is impressive. I had a Barista VOLUNTARILY explain the entire scientific process behind the brewing of a pour-over while he was making my coffee. Not only was it informative, but I began to get excited about my coffee while he was brewing it, it was like passion by osmosis.
I had the privilege to meet the owners on one of my visits and they are very active in the neighborhood and community supporting everything from local farming to local art, as they have it lining the walls inside.
Great local feel, great people and great coffee. Well worth going out of the way for....Yayyyy, coffee!
Boooo, juice fasts that don't allow coffee.
Don't mind me, I did this willingly. 10 days. No solid foods. No coffee. Just juice.
And tea, if you so desire. I did. I sure as hell had to do more than just drink water when meeting a friend to discuss wondrous plans for the future last week on day 6 of the fast.
I'm not technically a tea lover, truth be told. I'll drink it, but I don't worship the tea leaf the way I do the coffee bean. It's just not gonna happen. That said, I was pleased to see a variety of iced herbals here and picked out something fruity and delicious (they come unsweetened, thankfully). 
The vibe: I'm a big fan of the quintessential slightly grungy, lived-in coffee house and Mojo is just that. There's sidewalk tables if the weather allows but inside is extremely inviting.
I'll be back to report on the coffee. Yep, I'm done with this juice fast and tea will just never cut it for me.Our coffee from Mojo Coffee House was really good - like 5-Star good - but too bad they got our order wrong. 
Requested a nonfat latte & saw them use whole milk; asked for a large iced au lait but received a small
The line was out the door when we approached but we had 30 min to kill while we were waiting on our table down the street.....so waiting in this line seemed like perfect thing to do, especially when there was a caffeine treat waiting at the other end
The staff was working diligently & as efficiently as they could - there were just too many customers to get orders out any faster.....took about 25 min to get our drinks so made it back to our brunch spot just in time for our names to be called
As for the coffees themselves?  They were smooth, creamy, & had a perfect milk to coffee ratio.  No sugar needed
So yeah, we'd come back here if the line was shorter & we could ensure they made our orders correctly.....I had a Praline Cappuccino and my friend had banana fosters cappuccino, both were amazing! The barista made awesome latte art. We were going to breakfast elsewhere so we did not try pastries but they looked wonderful. Overall nice atmosphere.This place is great! Dark, cozy, delicious coffee and even some gf pastry options- the banana bread was well worth it :)Perfect coffee house! Great ambience, spacious, quiet, nice coffee smell, me and my husband spent the whole afternoon here on a rainy day. They are smart about the settings of tables, you can easily find out where to have a group chat, where to study quietly by the window, or just to have a quick bite of coffee and snacks. I was stressful about my upcoming exam, but I felt much more relaxed here in Mojo :-) BTW they have great coffee! The coffee counter is kind of old-style but they have plenty of modern flavors. I got a green tea latte and hubby got a flat white, beautiful! Price is not cheap but considering the space and time they offered for the customers, I would say it is a great deal. Thanks mojo for offering us a quiet afternoon in NOLA.Locally roasted, single origin coffee from exotic locations. Friendly and knowledgeable baristas, with all the personality you could hope for. We found our home.By far one of the best coffee places in the city. The atmosphere is great. Extremely personal service. The barista in the evening, Neal, keeps us coming back daily!! Full variety of coffee, teas and other great drinks. The homemade pastries and snacks are SOO good. Definitely a place not to miss!!I like the people who come in here, and the coffee is very cheap, but the past two times I've been here, the following things have been very annoying: really bad 90s music played much too loud (Stone Temple Pilots, Soundgarden, and Bush?! come on) and flies.We stopped in for a morning treat and a few minutes out of the heat after shopping at the farmers market. We had a delicious latte and hot chocolate with beautiful design and filled to the brim!! The staff were amazing;kind, efficient, patient and trendy. Nice place!Their coffee is DELICIOUS. Seriously. My friend is still talking about how perfect their iced coffee was and we left New Orleans two weeks ago.
The only downside was that I had to wait in line for over 30 minutes before I could even order and when I finally did, the lady working the cash register was more enthused about talking to the woman behind me (who was a friend of one of the barista's). I am all for talking to your friends, but making sure they are taken care of before the patron in front of them... meh.Good experience. Not a huge selection, but the hot breve was the best I ever had, also the iced lemonade was fantastic! The guy actually sliced up lemons and made it fresh right in front of you! Cozy hip atmosphere would be a great place to read away from the heat. On the side, I loved that they have the sugar in canisters with clean spoons instead of hundreds of packets. Less paper waste.
They only accept cash so plan ahead. That, and the handwritten "Please finish your phone conversation before you attempt to place an order" sign lent a mildly unwelcoming feeling, but who hasn't wanted to say this to a customer at one point or another?
All in all, I will definitely go back the next time I'm in New Orleans!I would drive all the way from the River Bend for their Bubble Tea! It is the cheapest bubble tea in New Orleans, and I love it!
This coffee house is definitely more hipster than say a CC's or PJ's, but it has great coffee, amazing bubble tea, and a very friendly environment and staff.This was a great little coffee shop. Their hours are wonderful and the fellow working was friendly and efficient. It gets crowded fast so grab a table before ordering food or drink.4/5 iced americano.
there's something about their iced americano that is just oh so good. i'm a coffee snob, there i said, and it's been a real disappointment trying to find good coffee in the city. it's like, wth, are there no beans or baristas in this town?? but thank goodness for mojo, whatever they are slipping into the single or double shot has got me hooked. 
the space seems to attract lots of students, there are restrooms past the doors out back, and it never feels too crowded.This is a really great spot to get some work done, especially since they've remodeled and expanded the space.
I got the chai latte this morning, which was a bit more sweet than spicy, but that's alright. They were doing some promotional photos of their menu at the same time and let me have the cucumber chickpea salad on the house. I'm not much for cucumber, but that was a mighty fine salad, and a much higher quality dish than what I've had at some other coffee shops in town. The spicy sauce is an awesome touch. I've already recommended it to a few friends, and would definitely order it again for myself.Mojo is the best coffee shop in the city. Regardless of when you visit, you will have a great experience.
I have been coming to Mojo for years and always have a five star experience. Their iced coffee is the best I have ever had. Their espresso is phenomenal. 
The employees are friendly and down to earth. Engage them in conversation and you can waste half the day talking or debating any topic that comes to mind.
One of my favorite things to do is sit outside and people watch. The outside tables are comfortable and perfectly placed to watch the cars and people on Magazine.Very good coffee spot. Coffee was very good. Muffins were so-so. Bagels aren't even bagels, but it's New Orleans after all. Wifi was touch and go.Forget Starbucks, Cafe Du Monde or PJ's. This is it. This is the best coffee in New Orleans. 
I visit every year and stay at the St. Vincent's across the street. Each year, I would get up every day for a large Cafe au Lait and a Times Picayune newspaper. Sitting on the street, watching the Garden District wake up and listening to the characters around you catch up with each other. 
It's cash only but there's an ATM there ($2.50 service charge). Free fast wifi also available. Outdoor seating. Homemade muffins/coffee cakes/scones and bagels are available for breakfast. The iced lemonade looked amazing but I didn't have it this time. It's just a great place to go if you're in the area and want to try some seriously good coffee!Mojo Coffee has doubled its space! When I walked in, I wondered, "Is this a mirage?!" This place is now huge and there's tons of hope to grab space and set up and work for the day (note: if you do this, buy lots of stuff. It's only right!) 
Even when it was smaller, I had all the good feels grabbing a coffee here, to stay or go. The space is so inviting, full of natural wood and offers up that rustic vibe that I like so much. Now the space is doubled or more, with another bathroom, and the coffee bar part is in the middle. It's the perfect layout and I daresay quite inspiring, no matter what work or pleasure brings you here.
The coffee is damn good, especially the cold brew and they stock a good amount of delectable locally-made Girls Gone Vegan baked goods. Scores all around for this favorite coffee institution here in NOLA!Only place that has yerba mate... 
Service is slow and the place is a little too hispter vibe for me.  
Drinks and pastries are good although the no longer carry Laurel Street bakery pastries so we'll see what the new quality is like.  
Prices are high. $4.50 for a tea latte.I really REALLY like this place. I do have one issue: the music is very loud in the place. I was trying to study and talk with my partner and I couldn't hear myself over the music. That's the my only complaint, I just wish they'd turn the music down.I sometimes drive by and step in for a cup o' joe at Mojo and I like the place. The coffee is (usually) good and so is the service. The atmosphere is great and the place is well stocked on literature. My only problem was with the toilet, it was a bit scary, doesn't seem to be anywhere near the top of their priority list... I don't stay longer than 5 minutes and I live closeby so I'll live.
Oh yeah, no credit cards. Not sure if they can't afford the service(?!) or just wanna cut the '$2.00-transaction-times-500' B.S.?Don't judge a book by your first visit, or first five. I had issue with this place. I didn't understand the choices they make. They were rude. They were slow. Blah blah blah.
This is easily one of the better coffee shops in New Orleans.
Incredible espresso roast & pour overs.
Where do I begin?
Excellent coffee, but Maté lattes too. Why don't they offer a large? Because they painstakingly brew the maté in the espresso machine. It's just artwork. 
Why do they take their time? Because they give personalized service and baristas focus on your entire order from start to finish.
Honestly some of their baristas had been rude, I haven't felt that at all in a long time. Something has changed.
They're open till Midnight.
They have outdoor seating.
They have an incredible tea selection.
Their design is simple, streamlined, tasteful.
They have (actual) award winning baristas, including the latte art champion of New Orleans and a really amazing time traveler named Crispin. 
It can get busy.
There can be assholes from Los Angeles having loud skype calls because they think they're more important than everyone else (they're not)
As long as you can ignore that, mojo is delicious. It's not their fault, but their proximity to secondline. 
They take coffee seriously and it shows.Having only tried the bubble tea I can't honestly comment on much else. 
I tried the mango flavor and the coconut flavor frozen boba teas. Mango tasted stronger but a little like a chewing gum. Coconut tasted, to me, like whole milk iced up. I was expecting more- i'd still go back and try other flavors though! This place seems pretty fresh- with a ton of different coffee beans and tea leaves in containers for your viewing pleasure.
Remember though, Mojo only takes cash, and the place is a little small with only a few (probably around 10) tables.You know that 90's song?  "Hangin, round, downtown by myself and I've had too much caffeine.."  Mojo's *has* to be the spot that guy singing in the song was when he wrote it. 
The location is pretty cool as it's on the Magazine corridor and there is this "crossroads of New Orleans" kinda vibe.  There is  always something interesting going on around here to see.  The coffee is quite good,  and the atmosphere is very relaxed most of the time. Often times I'm reminded of a collegiate library in here. Low key alternative music and every table has a student/laptop combo.  (And those tables are quite close, I might add.) 
 I love to sit outside and people watch or meet friends, and I'm not kidding when I say most of the people I know in New Orleans come here.  In fact, there has hardly been a time in five years when I was hanging around on my laptop ("thinkin' about myself") for more than 20 mins when *someone*  I know well didn't walk through the door. 
The only thing I'd have improved is more baristas during peak hours. (Friday nights around 7pm for example.)  Jeez, one or two employees is usually fine at this location, but don't make the mistake of running out of your beverage and going for a refill when a large group comes in. You'll have to practice some serious patience. (Good for the Zen development, I've learned.) And the employees usually can't bothered to hear about it I've noted. 
I recommend the *Cucumber Watermelon Lemonade*...thirst Bomb!  Unflinchingly fresh and delicious, especially in the summertime!  OMG so good!  The sandwiches are also quite good.
The outdoor bathroom is wonderfully weird and unpleasant at the same time. 
Get your caffeine on and have a seat outside, your friends will be showing up soon..One of the best iced coffee experiences I've had.  I added peppermint to mine based on personal preference. I like they have half off day old pastries.