We called this place to see if they deliver. They said it would be an hour for delivery or just come here. So we went there 5 minutes later and they said, "sorry not taking anyone else." It was t even busy and it was a half hour before they closed. RUDE!I called and ordered 2 large pizzas and the person taking my order told me that he was really annoyed of me and that he really wanted to hang up with me. I called back and asked to speak to the manager and it was the same person that I had just talked to and I asked why he thought it was OK for him to say his customers are annoying him and he hung up on me. Best customer service in town! Hope my pizza didn't have spit in it.Perfect little Italian restaurant that has great food at an affordable price and seems like it is family run. It's not a large place with tons of seating but great atmosphere and plenty of various Mona Lisa paintings to keep you busy if you're on a date and gets lame.What a great little find. We were staying near the center of the French Quarter, so this place was a bit of a walk, but it was well worth it. There was a moment of confusion when we arrived, as there are 2 separate restaurants at the address, and when we came to the other one first as we walked down the street we thought for a moment the place had closed. But there it was right next door. We arrived soon after a large group, so service was a little slow, but the food was excellent. I'll be back the next time I visit New Orleans.We were on an hour wait, and the owner wouldn't even let a person in our party use the restroom without an argument. Wouldn't even serve us.Great atmosphere. Sandwiches has lots of meat and extras linguini with claims in butter lemon and garlic is just rightGot a referral from a nice lady in a shop up Royal Street " it's a favorite locals place ". We walked down a few blocks and had to wait less than 10 minutes. Cozy atmosphere as it seats about 50. We had the shrimp scampi and chicken Parmesan. Both were excellent and we are thinking about going back again tomorrow night.   The many 5 star ratings by 100's are a very good guide,  and we concur with the top evaluations by the patrons.Great meatballs! 
I was craving spaghetti and meatballs and my trustee yelp told me to come here. I don't regret it.  
What a quaint and cozy place!
I had been here before and had an amazing meatball sandwich and posted that image. it was really good. 
Great service. 
My girlfriend had the lasagna and I posted that pic too. Both were yummy. The lasagna was a little cheesier than I preferred but that is what she wanted!It was such a great experience having dinner in this resturant! A cozy environment, Delicious food, fast and professional service, and polite employees.The best meal I have had so far in New Orleans!  I had the Mardi Gras Pasta- yummy!  There was a bit of a wait when we first got there; but, not too bad.  The food was definitely worth the wait.   The salad was fresh,  the garlic/pizza bread was amazing and the pasta was not too saucy.  I took off a star because the shrimp was not fresh; however, everything else was good.A quieter place though still in the main tourist region of New Orleans. We came here because the African restaurant next to this place had a 30 minute wait, but this place didn't. It was also a helluva lot more spacious than the other restaurant, which was probably why.
Imma say it, the decor is butt ugly. Some might find all the cartoons and transmogrifications of Mona Lisa charming or unique, but I mostly found it tasteless. The Mickey Mouse one was kinda cute, but the one of her holding a joint or the one being like I'm a lesbo! were not high art.
On the other hand, this is a restaurant and not an art exhibition. On that note the food was tasty. The entrees (I got spinach lasagna) had decent portions and was cooked well, and came with a scrumptious salad that also came with an adorable pizza-shaped slice of garlic bread. I use garlic bread as a term loosely - the place called it that, but it just looked like a miniature slice of cheese pizza to me. And the pizza the table next to us were having looked mouth-watering. The waitress was so nice about everything too. Definitely a sweet place to go to.This restaurant was not listed anywhere on Yelp when I searched for "Italian food." 
We found this place on accident and I am so glad we did. The food was great, the chicken parm and meatballs where fantastic.  
The ambience was mellow and very relaxed which is nice when you're in NOLA and you want something more low key. I definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for Italian in the French Quarter.This place is darling. And it has pretty tasty Italian grub. Totally check it out if you're looking for a cozy New Orleanian atmospohere with an intimate Italian twist. I usually get the eggplant parm or the chicken parm. I dig it. I'm sure you will.Solid 4-stars. I felt like exploring my lovely city last night.  Solid 4 stars. I don't like to say I'm a picky eater, because I'm really not. I just hate it when I order pasta with sauce and theres more sauce than pasta and it feels like a soup to me that I can't eat. So I kindly asked the server for "light sauce" over my bolognese pasta and he answered, "it's pre-made. But I'll see what they can do." To my surprise, it came with a salad. Our meal took quite a long time. I'd say between 30-45 minutes. My boyfriend and I were not in a rush and we were enjoying each other's company, so no complaints there. When our food came out, our server said, "They made it from scratch" so that my light sauce request could be fulfilled. That was awful kind of them. 
Also, I left my credit card on the table by accident. I didn't realize it until I had gotten back to my uptown apartment that my card was missing. I called and they said they found it and kept it on the side hoping I would call. They kindly waited for me to come back while they were closing. Very nice staff. 
I'll be back! 
P.S. Great place for a sweet date :)This is one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans. As a resident of the French Quarter I have many choices where to dine with friends and family. Mona Lisa has an excellent staff and the food is delicious! Terry CooneyReasonably priced. Laid back. Nice local joint in the quarter. Safe.  Pizza is good (Slice is better if looking for pizza).  Lasagna looked great, but I will try that next time.My go to when I'm in the quarter and want to get away from swarms of tourists. The food is always tasty, staff are friendly and the decor is fun.The food is tasty (I had the spinach lasagne and tiramisu) but I have to add my voice to the ones complaining about the older man who greets customers.  He is unfriendly as all heck.  When there was a one hour wait (despite being able to see empty tables) he snapped at me "So do you want to wait or not?"  I said no and went to Pere Antoine.  I still went back Sunday night and got in, but he was just as frosty as previously.  The restaurant is really fun, with customer drawings and interpretations of the Mona Lisa on the walls, but that guy is a real buzzkill.Great Italian food. My sauce was so authentic and the pasta was served piping hot.   The guy that got us the table is a little high strung, but he means well.  Partner ordered the Mardi Gras pasta, excellent choice.Stopped here for dinner with a friend the place was packed. The decor is fun with all random photos of Mona Lisa. We shared the bakes ziti and the veggie pizza. The pizza lacked in flavor but the ziti was great. We took the tiramisu and chocolate cake home and both were excellent. The Tiramisu was better than the cake if you are deciding between the two.Loved this place. Cutest decor ever, great food, good value (the little cheesey bread they serve with the salads was delicious!) The only downside was there was nowhere to wait.Ate dinner here last night with my daughter and husband. Really enjoyed the ambiance and the food was great.  Spaghetti and meatballs were super along with the lasagne. Garlic bread is a must- delicious.  Prices very reasonable!I live in the Quarter and this is one of my favorite neighborhood restaurants.  The food quality is always dependable and delicious.Excelent charming restaurant. The food (lasagna and meatballs) were absolutely delicious.  We were in 3 and ordered 2 plates. Definitely coming back.Awesome. Very simple but delicious food. And cheap. For New Orleans it wasn't too touristy or expensive. I highly recommend.The veal that my mom and I shared was AWFUL. My sister's "stuffed shells" were absolutely terrible. The sandwich that one of us got was okay, as was the calzone. Other than that, everything was mediocre at best. The service was not good or bad. The restaurant itself was cute and affordable, but it is affordable for a reason. I would have much rather gone to a more expensive restaurant that was better quality than go to Mona Lisa. We will NOT be back. There is so much more in the quarter and in New Orleans in general to waste your time at Mona Lisa. It was also a little far from a convenient location for it's quality. I wouldn't mind the distance if it were better, but Mona LIsa definitely wasn't.My husband and I love this cozy neighborhood restaurant!  This is a wonderful place with great atmosphere, delicious classic Italian food, and attentive service.  Whenever we have out of town guests we take them here, and they have all had memorable experiences.If you are really hungry, then go to Mona Lisa. The entrees are big, and they come with a large side salad.  
We had the Caprese salad to start, and it was fresh and tasty. The side salads were also very good and fresh. We tried but couldn't finish our pasta entrees even though we are both pigs. We also liked the wine by the glass.
Go.Recommended by a local as we were hungry and wandering on a Sat night.  Perfect spot for a quiet dinner out of the craziness.  Excellent lasagna and veggie primavera with great starter salads included for super reasonable prices.For some reason I just didn't like the place. I chose the wrong meal, so that's my fault. My friends had good looking food and finished 4/5 of theirs while I could only finish 2/5 of mine(bad food choice). The setup is weird, but feels sort of crammed, the service was excellent, loved the staff. All of the Mona Lisa mock paintings on the wall kept my friends and I occupied the entire time.Very unique Italian spot in the French Quarter. The manager runs a tight ship here. He handles a busy dinner rush like he's in a bingo hall and there's only 10people playing! Helps keep your ambiance personal and intimate with your table. You can draw your creative Mona Lisa on the provided paper table mat. A few lucky ones get theirs posted on the wall for everyone to see. Lasagna is a plate full. 2 people can split that meal. I had the seafood pasta dish with white wine, butter sauce. Very delish! Their side salads come with a slice of cheese pizza. (Very cool)
This place is a must if you wanna try something in NoLa other than seafood.This was a great place for thin-crust pizza.  I tried the vegetarian, the garden and the Mona Lisa special.  They are very reasonably priced, and all were very tasty.  Some of my co-workers had the lasagna, and it was HUGE, and they said it tasted great.  It's in a nice, quieter spot of the French Quarter on Royal.  I definitely recommend checking it out!Went for pizza but ended up with veal Parma, side salad with killer house feta vinaigrette and a Bottle of Murphy's Cabernet. Perfect after a crazy day at the French Quarter Fest. Quiet, small. Slow soft pace. Veal was wonderful. Thank you fellow Yelpers.This was a really good lunch spot! It wasn't crowded and the food was actually very good! My husband and I shared the chef salad with ranch and a Mona Lisa pizza with green olives instead of black olives! Everything was excellent! Pizza had great flavor and the ambience was nice! I would like to go back and try the pasta dishes!I still love the salad, especially the Mediterranean salad, but lately the pizza just isn't cutting it. While the toppings are fresh and yummy, the crust is doughy and "wet", not crispy or airy; just not properly baked. Maybe the oven isn't right. IDK but it's enough that I won't be ordering pizza from Mona Lisa any longer, therefore likely nothing else either. Too bad; it's tough to find good pizza in the French Quarter. 
(sad face)In a word: unimpressed
The food really had no flavor. From the Cesar salad (that tasted like it was just mayonnaise) to the lasagna - that didn't taste freshly made (that day) - just freshly heated up.As soon as I walked in I was delighted to see the artwork on the walls. The restaurant is covered with tons of different renditions of the famous Mona Lisa, from simple sketches to carefully painted portraits.
The food was absolutely perfect. The chicken Alfredo was the best I've ever had, and the spinach lasagna was also really delicious.
We finished off with a tiramisu and a creamy caramel cheesecake. Yum.The hotel recommended pizza from this place, and the Yelp reviews were pretty good, so I decided to get a small carryout. The prices are French-Quarter reasonable, which means you won't get gouged too badly. Actually, I didn't feel gouged at all- it was a reasonable amount of food for the price. The pizza wasn't too bad, either. I wasn't a huge fan of the crust (something tasted just a bit off to me) but they were generous with their toppings and incredibly friendly. I'd probably go back again, but this isn't a place I'd seek out.If you enjoy red baron frozen pizza then this is the place for you.  We had the mona lisa special.  It wasn't (special) and to start, the bruchetta.   The bread was stale and pretty bland.  The one thing that mona lisa has going for it is the hot tattooed waitress (don't recall her name).  She was nice but left my water glass empty through the entire meal.  My advice is to try something else while in new orleans and then cook the red baron supreme when you get home.  It will be the same experience.Love this place and always pay a visit when I'm in town. However, I must dissuade people from ordering the pasta primavera unless they REALLY like squash. The vegetable variety was very disproportional. I received one carrot slice, two small broccoli buds, a couple slivers of onions, and about two cups of squash. 
I'll still return, I'll just find something else to order.Our first visit was fantastic, and after a second.. I'm naming it one of my favorites. The cozy little place has been packed both times we've come.. a Friday and a Saturday night. Our second visit though, no wait! :) 
The service is friendly, the decor is funky but warm. All over the walls, you see different "versions" of the Mona Lisa.. from classic to handmade. Even the menus had their own Mona Lisa's on the covers. 
As a fan of Italian food, it would be hard for me to go wrong here.  I would recommend a nice walk after.. you WILL leave full. We will be back to stuff ourselves again! :)This was my favorite dining experience in New Orleans. The place was small intimate and the food was to die for. Lasagna was a perfect 10 and the staff was very friendly.When we are in a new town my husband (a Chicago pizza lover) has to try the local version of their pizza and Mona Lisa was the perfect place to try New Orleans twist on it. Our travel guide said it was the best place in town for pizza, and they weren't wrong: we loved it!
The pizza was a thin crust and they offered more than the usual pepperoni and cheese pizza, but had some finer ingredients, such as goat cheese and pine nuts. One can create their own, but even several of their specialty pizza were vegetarian. Even our meat eaters ordered veg. My favorite was the spinach pizza (we tried each others). One medium pizza can feed two average hungry eaters. 
I was in a pasta mood and had a vegetarian spinach lasagna. This was by far the best lasagna I have had on this continent!
The atmosphere was very casual, the walls are creatively decorated with every possible version of the Mona Lisa painting, prizes were reasonable, and the staff was extremely nice and helpful.Loved that every picture on the walls was a different Mona Lisa! Great authentic Italian good! I would recommend the stuffed shells! One of the best I've had!Cute place with all kinds of art related to Monalisa hanging on the wall. I got the seafood pasta but it was so much that I could not finish.I, too, had high hopes for Mona Lisa. The restaurant itself is nice. There was four of us and out of four meals only one was good. The other three were just mediocre. We ordered bruschetta as an appetizer, which was awful. The waiter forgot to bring it and had to be reminded. The sevice was not particularly bad but it also wasn't anything special. Based on the quality of food alone I would not return to or recommend Mona Lisa. My experience at Mona Lisa was disappointing.When visiting the big easy, our group always goes to this place and we love it.  Its a dive, but the food here is simply amazing.  If you go with a lrge group be prepared to be split up because theplace is rather small.Great Italian vibe w/pix of Mona Lisa everywhere, small and cozy but has a couple great window tables too.  Good pizza, love the spinach salad (comes w/slice of cheese pizza), haven't tried the pasta... Have eaten here a few times and really enjoy the combo of good prices, local vibe, great service, not trendy or weird.  Just a good place to enjoy good food. Rare to find in the quarters...I had dinner at Mona Lisa on New Years Day.  This was my 4th trip to this French Quarter gem.  Service-Excellent. Food- Superb-Excellent. Price-absolutely reasonable.  Mona Lisa is an unimposing little place on the outskirts of the Quarter on Royal Street close to Esplanade. Many of the locals come here-which says a lot.  In a city filled with great neighborhood restaurants - the locals coming here and the way they love this place says a lot. On other occasions I ordered the Mardi Gras pasta, pizza, and Chicken Parmesan. All of these dishes were wonderful.  On New Years Day I ordered the Panned Veal. It came with a green salad. Get the house dressing.  It will knock you senseless.  I was served a huge Veal Cutlet on Angel Hair pasta with an Alfredo sauce.   It was absolutely fabulous.  The veal was so tender, I didn't need the knife.  Our server was great.  She had interesting stories about different places she has lived. This place is not for you if you don't want to connect with locals, wait a bit for excellent food, or meet fascinating employees that will regale you with stories of their travels.This place is for you if you want excellent service, fabulous food, and have the time to split a bottle of wine while talking with your friends and Mona Lisa's captivating staff.Great place. Try the artichoke dip and NY style cheesecake.the staff was very warm and friendly. Very relaxed atmosphere.On the east end of Royal St. away from most of the bars and hustle and bustle of the French Quarter, Mona Lisa is a quaint restaurant with nice ambience, terrific food, and reasonable prices. I had the Paneed Chicken on fettucini alfredo and it was delicious. My son loved his Mardi Gras pasta and my wife enjoyed her Veal Parmesan. For desert, my wife had a tiramisu to go and raved about it. The staff was friendly and knowledgable and the service was on time. We will definitely return on a future trip.I love this place we come here every time we are I'm Nola the owner is a little hateful but it's his place,.. the waitstaff is very nice and the veal is wonderful so is the artichoke dip and pizzas too!great for groupsCute little place but, I'm hoping ours was an isolated incident, the food was pretty awful. The 'bruschetta' was a slab of what looked like canned tomatoes next to some biscotti - they didn't even have oil and vinegar. The ''garlic bread' was just plain cheese pizza with a little garlic powder. The spaghetti and meatballs was so overly salty, probably to make up for a lack of taste in the actual sauce. To get to the bathroom, you have to go out the back of the restaurant, past the kitchen and through the alley of an apartment complex. The staff was friendly enough but we will probably never return here. Not sure why they have so many good food reviews...Hidden gem in New Orleans!! We've been visiting the city for 15 years and just discovered the Mona Lisa on our last visit!  Great food and excellent service!  The menu has something to please everyone (even kids and teens).  Great meal that you would easily pay double for elsewhere in the city!!Yes!  Finally an understated, romantic, no hour wait, authentic, great value, great service, and yummy food in New Orleans French Quarter.  Off the beaten path (no crowds) with delightful manager and servers.  My husband & I had our last meal on our trip here.  It was all of around a great dining experience.  It wasn't too loud, the wait was only 20 minutes, our food was done just right and wine prices were reasonable (rare in NOLA).  Plus added  fun factor to draw your own version of Mona Lisa.We wanted to like this place.... But after 45 minutes of waiting we find out none of the items we ordered for our table of 6 was not available. Zero communication or apology from the server. The best part... We had to pay for the ONE appetizer we did receive.This place is really great and very welcoming...but only if you can find it. Firstly, the negatives: This place needs to advertise itself better. There's nothing huge or inviting to let you know that you've made it. Only a picture of Mona Lisa hanging from the overhang next to a closed white door. When you first pass by it...you'll assume its some sort of art gallery. An open door and a sign make a big difference. After being seated and waiting you'll notice that there's a lot of art hanging around, but its hard to see because the lights are so dim. Its hard to believe that it could be that dark in the middle of the day but...take a seat and you'll want to be next to the window to get a better view. However, the food is amazing! We ordered the Mardi Gras pasta and a medium specialty pizza with a side salad, shared it with my girlfriend, with drinks and was still less than $40. You can taste how authentic and original the food is, it tastes really great. Not greasy or thick, but tasty and delicious. To prove it, we were going to take a picture of the food when it came out, but only remembered after we ate everything. If they change what i stated above about lighting and atmosphere, they'll get much more business. Next time I'm in the area im going back. But i hope to see them with more customers. Also, Lori, our waitress was super frindly. Great place.Love this place! Great food with good portions! And the environment was perfect! It was the perfect date night escape from the rest of busy NOLAAfter five days of eating Cajun/Creole style food, we felt we needed a break and looked for an Italian restaurant.  Mona Lisa came up and it was a nice leisurely stroll from all the chaos that is on Bourbon.  It's location is great!  Nice and quiet.  Friendly greeting when we walked up, and the owner had a table for us pretty quick, which was nice.  The space is cozy.
Our friendly waitress lived in San Diego at one time, so we talked a little bit about the area since she also lived in North Park.  Good wine list!  Tasty garlic bread!  I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs.  You get two uneven balls that are made with ground beef and pork (?), well, anyhow they were dense and meaty.  Scooter had the chicken parmasean and the sauce had a spicy kick to it!
It is a very pleasant atmosphere and I love all the different Mona Lisas on the walls!  I think you can even draw one on the butcher paper on your table and if worthy, they will put it up.  This is really a great place to come to.  Especially if you're staying in the quarter and need something different to eat.
Grazie!We loved our dinner at Mona Lisa! The artwork is entertaining, the food is good, and the staff was incredibly friendly!  We were a group of 6 and were seated right away at 6:15pm on a Thursday. We had 2 bottles of wine, spinach dip, a basket of bread, the chicken parmesan, the peneed veal, peneed chicken, a small pizza, a small pasta (kids), and lasagna.  Our bill was less than $140 for all of that, and worth every penny!"Do you smile to tempt a lover, Mona Lisa?"
No, she's smiling because this restaurant is so good.  It's cosy, it's quirky, it's delicious, and you get to draw on the tablecloth.  What's not to like?
It's an Italian equivalent of German Gemuetlichkeit in the French Quarter.  All under the watchful eye and mystic smile of DaVinci's masterpiece.Solid, simple Italian food.  My g/f and I split an appetizer and an entrée, perfect for two.  The meal was solid, though not amazing and the price was more than reasonable.One word 'yum'. Half and half large oysters and shrimp with fries, cold beer. Friendly place. No wait on Wednesday 12:30 pm. Off beaten path. Recommend for great sandwichThe food was great. The ambiance was amazing. Small little restaurant off the beaten bath. A great find for dinner.Our favorite dinner while at New Orleans.  Intimate, no wait (we got there about 6:15 p.m.), fantastic food.  Very reasonable.  I had baked ziti which was amazing.  My husband had the meatball marinara which he loved.  Loved the salads and the cheesy bread that came with it.  The server wasn't lovey-dovey but got the job done and we had an absolutely great time.Twee avonden na mekaar langsgeweest. De eerste keer top! Niet het beste eten ooit, maar zeker niet slecht en uit de toeristische drukte. De tweede keer echter een tegenvaller. De ober vroeg ons bvb om het bestek van het voorgerecht bij te houden voor het hoofdgerecht. Nochtans heel andere smaken. Pasta met zeevruchten eerste keer was ok, pasta met meatballs de tweede avond vond ik hier géén aanrader. Pasta Primavera van mijn vriend was wel lekker.Not wheelchair friendly!! Just had one of the most bizarre experiences at this place. Walked in to get dinner. My best friend is in a wheelchair and the entrance is on an incline, so I started to push her into the adjoining space where it was flat. Right away, an older bald man came down the aisle of the restaraunt with a very rude look on his face. He looked at us like he couldn't believe we would move toward a table. I explained that my friend was in a wheelchair and the entrance incline was difficult to stay in. He continued to stare at me like I was in the wrong. I asked him if we could have an accessible table and pointed towards a table that would work for my friend. There was only one or two tables that would have worked and half the restaraunt was empty.  He acted very disgruntled that I would make such a suggestion. I asked him what the problem was with requesting a table and he continued to glare at me. As I approached the single accessible table and we moved a chair so my friend could pull her wheelchair in, he yelled that we couldn't "just move the furniture." He took the chair away in a huff.  He did not offer to help or offer a table that would work for a wheelchair.  We decided to leave after this series of insults and he followed us out the door and yelled at us as we walked away down the street.Great little hidden gem away from the craziness. On a Saturday night we didn't have to wait for a table and were impressed with the hospitality if waiter Nicholas. Great food and generous portions. This place is simply charming.Great food ! The lasagna is to die for! Great location too away from all of the loud noise for a nice dinner!Fabulous food, large portions and very affordable! We stumbled across this place our first night in NOLA and couldn't have been more pleased. So, so good.Very cute and great service. Plus a lot of food for a great price. They give you little samples of pizza with other dishes which is fun. 
The food was only ok though, and definitely not worth the wait. The pizza was the best out of everything. Caesar salad was especially weak.Came here for my birthday. Very solid food, and the customer service and prices make it a 5 star in my book. Highly recommend the pasta ala nonna. Atmosphere is quiet romantic and casual. Would highly recommend for Italian in the French quarter.We found this place on a rainy night in New Orleans, just a block away from our hotel. Despite being busy, we were seated promptly. We ordered the spinach artichoke dip, a vegetarian pizza, and side salads ( along with the necessary beverages, of course). The food was great, our server friendly and efficient, and the atmosphere funky with lots of fun art of the Mona Lisa. To top it off, as we were leaving, the manager came over and asked us if we had umbrellas, since it had started raining quite hard, and we did not. He pulled out two extra umbrellas and sent us on our way. This place is highly recommended!!I love this restaurant. We eat there often and enjoy it every time. I have read a few reviews about bad attitudes from the owner and staff and I have to disagree. We love going there and the food is fantastic. We love the lasagna and the Mardi Gras pasta.  
We find the owner entertaining and funny. He has a really witty personality. People need to lighten up. The staff and owners in all the French Quarter establishments deal with a lot of drunks and unruly partiers. I think they handle it very well.Up front I have to mention that my friends are former partner/owners of this fine restaurant.  If you want a nice Italian meal or just a great pizza this is a perfect place to stop in or order out. 
My favorite is the Mona Lisa Pizza.   I usually order a couple pies and have them delivered to my local bar hangout and share with the crew and friends.  It is always a hit.The owner/host was great and so was the service. I had the Panteen chicken and husband the baked ziti. Huge portions and delicious.Thanks to Yelp, thought they were open. Showed up with two hungry kids to find they are on vacation and closed this entire week.!yelp still says "open".After days of hustle & bustle in The French Quarter we found Mona Lisa's on a locals recommendation. Holy Moly! Our experience was quiet & peaceful with really good food. We split the lasagna & paneed chicken/Alfredo minus the peas. My wife & I will definitely recommend the restaurant. We got good service & good food at a reasonable price. Not sure if I enjoyed the quaint & quiet or the food more. We ate here twice on our visit to NOLA.Mona Lisa is funky East Village sort of place. Walls are plastered with every conceivable ML pic imaginable. There are crayons at the tables and some of the customer art work (especially the young customers) also decks the walls. We ordered the Caprese salad, the Spinach salad, and the Eggplant Parm. Fresh tomatoes, mozzarella, spinach...all very tasty. The sauce on the Eggplant was especially good. Very good value for delicious food. It's a little bit away from the action but definitly worth the walk.I love visiting New Orleans post Mardi Gras.... And I really live discovering little local gems.  Let's get some things straight.... Gem in NoLa means cheap good food and booze, friendly quick service and quirkily atmosphere.  Mona Lisa ticks all applicable boxes.  Solid.Our best meal in New Orleans! As vegetarians it can be challenging, to say the least, but after trying a number of places that were recommended, we stumbled onto this place and it really was what we needed. Great food, great service, great atmosphere and not at all expensive!I came here because of the other reviews. The other reviews makes this out to be a great Italian restaurant.  My experience was less so. I was a bit unsure about wither to get the Chicken Parm, Lasagna, or the Pizza. The server strongly suggested the lasagna. The lasagna was dull for even Americanized Italian. The beef was dry, the sauce was just dead, the noodles were barely there, and it wasn't very cheesy.  To pay and leave took as long as it did to order, and get the food. [40minutes]. It took 2 people to handle the transaction. If they did not have my card, I would be very tempted just to walk out.Fantastic dinner.  I ordered the first item on the menu (Feb. 2014), the Mardi Gras Pasta (linguini with shrimp and sausage in a creamy red sauce).  Superb food.  Good service.  Lovely spot on Royal Street.  Moderate prices, quite affordable.  Highly recommended.Great little Italian spot. Nice and quiet place with lovely food. Great portion size and value. Have crayons so you can attempt to draw Mona Lisa which was good for a laugh.This cozy little hole in the wall is always on my short list when I'm eating out in the Quarter.  Unique pizza toppings, great pasta (the linguine with white clam sauce is my go-to Mona Lisa's dish, I get it almost every time), satisfying salads, apps and sides.  The funky decor is cute and a full meal with wine won't break the bank.  Great local's joint.  Perfect for a casual dinner date or tourists who are smart enough to get away from the Bourbon Street crap food trap.Great Local Restaurant! Off the tourist path with delicious Italian food. Definitely a welcome respite from the craziness of the French Quarter. I had their lasagna. Delicioso!This place is a piece of haven. Great atmosphere, great staff and great food. We order the lasagna and we didn't regret it. Its so delicious we couldn't say nothing but 5 stars. The average bill is something around $40 with drinks but it worth it!Nice romantic little place with great Italian food at a reasonable price. Had the lasagna     and it was wonderful, the wait staff was very friendly and provided good service. A place to go back to here in the quarterThe crispy chicken fettuccine Alfredo was good! The atmosphere was cool, the service was pretty shitty. Our meal took an hour to get to us and the waitress was unapologetic. However, the food is good.The chicken parm is amazing. The lasagna was also tasty. Had garlic bread as an app- yum. We dipped it in our extra red sauce with our entrees. The feta dressing on the salad was good too.Our family had a delicious meal and enjoyed the many different representations of the famous painting. Fun to draw your own on the paper tablecloths too. My kids had the friendly suggestion of offering a kids menu. However, our server graciously made an easy accommodation to a dish for our daughter.This place was just great. When we first arrived I was upset at the line out of the door but they took down our number which allowed us to walk around and enjoy the many art galleries that are nearby. After a very nice 30 min stroll they called and sat us right away. Everything on the menu is extremely reasonably priced and delicious. I got the lasagna which I would definitely get again. It was hard to pick at all the great options they had. The spinach dip was a great way to start the meal. It is such a cute place. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I would highly recommend going if you are in the area and want something different or are looking for a date option.oh my...
I wanted this to be SO good, and it ended up SO bad...
So this past week, when down in New Orleans, one night we had to call it an early night and stay in. room service was to expensive at the hotel, so we decided to get some pizza delivered.
We had looked at a couple other places, but then two people at teh hotel said we HAD to order from Mona Lisa... there was NO other options
well WOW, what a disappointment!
We ordered after looking at the menu. Good reviews, good options, YAY!
They said 30-40 minutes...ok, understandable. It was a Saturday at 8 pm... in New Orleans... on Bourbon Street...
So the pizza finally came. 1 1/2 hours later. Fine, whatever. We also got a salad and asked for plates and plastic utensils, since, you know,we were in a hotel...
WE took the food, paid the guy.and opened it up to eat. I think he carried the pizza boxes on their sides! Both pizzas were slid in to the corner, folded on top of each other. great, we have to reassemble the pizza.
So we started eating it..and it tasted funny. Why is that? Well, it was not COOKED all the way. The crust was soft, wet and half RAW!
Oh MY! disgusting! horrible!
My sister and I were BOTH sick for the next 24 hours!
UGH
It seems other people have better experiences... and I hope we just got a bad cook and a bad delivery guy on a bad night... but I can say it doesnt live up to the hype, and I would try many other places again before coming back.This small restaurant is my husband and I favorite restaurant in the French Quarter. The ambiance, food and the service is always good. We've been coming to this place for many years now. My favorite dish is the linguini with clam with lemon garlic sauce, their mardi gras pasta is delicious as well and their pizza is always consistently good. It's has such a nice and romantic atmosphere inside so if you're looking to bring your significant other for a romantic dinner date this is the place to go. =)Quaint Italian restaurant serving excellent Italian entrees with a New Orleans twist. My husband and I shared the bruschetta which was different from any we've had before as it included chunks of tomatoes and big, thin pieces of toast. For entrees, my husband had the Mardi Gras pasta and I had the shrimp scampi. Both were absolutely delicious! The 4 star is for the side salads served with the entrees.My friend really wanted to eat here, so we did. We were seated promptly. The food was fine, perfectly good. Not fantastic, but decent enough. The reason I'm giving two stars is because it took an exceedingly long time to get our food. The salads took a while to arrive, so our waitress gave us some free cheesy bread to compensate - very nice. And then we waited soooooooooo long for our food, it was unbelievable. When we mentioned that we were seated a full hour before our entrees arrived, we were told that the manager would offer a free dessert as compensation for the slow service. Yes, one small slice of cake for a table of four, who waited an hour for food. I will not be back. This is New Orleans - you can do better.Fantastic food, huge portions, reasonable price. One of the best meals we had during our New Orleans vacation.One of the worst pizzas I've ever had. What they brought out of the oven didn't even look like pizza. It was more like lifeless dough drowning in a flood of pasty white cheese and it tasted even worse than it looked. It tasted... wrong. I think they either forgot the sauce or used so little of it that I couldn't see it or taste it. All I could taste was the inch-thick layer of cheese. I stopped eating after one slice to prevent puking.I grew up eating a lot of Italian food and am often disappointed when I go out to restaurants because it's not like my grandmothers cooking.  Mona Lisa's did not disappoint.  I had the meatball parmesan special and my roommate had the bolognese.  While he did have to ask for a little extra sauce, it wasn't a hassle to get it and he preferred his pasta a little more wet than some anyhow.
I was really impressed with the meatball parm.  They baked it on a metal plate so the linguini around it became crispy and the mozzarella was nice and browned.  Normally I would add a little extra cheese or red pepper but the sauce had just enough spice to it.  It also wasn't too think or too watery, it was a good consistency of oil and tomato sauce.  The meatballs were very big and tender.  This was my second time to Mona Lisa and aside from the food being wonderful, the service was good and  the crayons and paper table coverings make up for noticing any lag in the service.The worst Italian food ever.  Pizza is not Italian quality.  This is a place you only go to if you're drunk in this area.  Clearly I'm in NOLA and I'm here bcz of company.We came here on the recommendation of our Uber driver and we are glad we did! Cute little place in a quiet part of the French Quarter. We loved the Shrimp Fra Diavolo and the Mardi Gras Pasta. Wished we would have saved space for dessert! Reasonable prices.Very good pizza but I really enjoyed the Caesar Salad. Three guys and one salad was enough. The bread that comes with the salad is awesome. Service was a little slow and we had to ask twice for beer refills. 
I recommend if you have a hankerin for pizza or just want a salad and you have some time on your hands.Love Mona Lisa!  I'm a homesick NOLA native who moved away - yet still a tough crowd when it comes to food there.  The space is funky and cozy, the food delicious and the prices excellent. The eggplant parmesan was especially good and I am not usually an eggplant parmesan person.  The portions are huge. It's a great, casual  place to go with kids.It's off the beaten path so it was less of a tourist trap. After reading the reviews we went in and it met all our expectations. Garlic bread, salads and chicken parm were all delicious. Service was good as well.What a great local Italian restaurant in the French Quarter, great salads great pizza and I love the pasta here. We love this place if i lived here I would come every week.If Mona Lisa wasn't in the dreaded quarter area, the owner would probably know my full name by now. It's my favorite casual italian joint, and I have yet to have a very poor experience in any respect.
I usually get the eggplant parmesan, which is HUGE and tasty. Maybe it's just me being a small person, but I maybe finish half of it on a good day. You get a crazy amount of linguini so I suggest focusing on the eggplant. Take home fried food is tough to revive. Once I was ever adventurous and got a plain cheese pizza. It was very rich, but exactly what I was in the mood for. I did try a friend's bbq chicken pizza, which was a low note. The bbq flavor was very underwhelming to me, but she didn't have as big of a problem with it. The prices are very reasonable given the amount of food you get.
The interior could be described as kitschy. A bunch of different takes (often wacky ones) on the titular piece. I actually think it's a cute effect overall, but some find it a little tacky. It's a fairly small place ("intimate") too so it could be a potential date spot. The service is always great for me- Friendly and helpful staff. The wait time is always short even when it appears a little busy. It's really a bright spot among a tourist heavy area.On my first night in New Orleans I had the wonderful opportunity to find this charming hole in the wall. After walking the crowded and noisy streets, this quiet atmosphere was an excellent place to recharge my batteries before the trek back to the car miles away. 
Upon being seated our table was covered with a large white piece of paper and some crayons for doodling, we were given waters (which were very welcomed) and greeted warmly. Between the time that we were seated and the time our drinks were ordered, the atmosphere gives the wondering eye plenty to gaze upon. From prints of the Mona Lisa, to prints depicting her in different cultures, and guests' renditions of her; you certainly cannot not be entertained. 
I ordered the Alfredo pasta dish and was served a decent sized side salad with a slice of cheese pizza and found the whole meal to be very filling for stomach and soul. The Alfredo sauce certainly was on my tongue for a while after the meal. My friend ordered a small cheese pizza which he enjoyed thoroughly.This is one of my most favorite places of all. Staff is tremendous, polite and go beyond the pale to help!  I've been coming here for years and to me it is like home!  It's so worth the wait and such a delight after a hard week!  I love them!!!!My boyfriend and I were in New Orleans for the weekend of Valentine's Day and decided one night we wanted Italian. All the Italian restaurants were booked, except for the Mona Lisa. It was a little out of our way from staying around Bourbon St. but it was worth it! It is in a calmer part of the French Quarter, that's for sure! It is a smaller restaurant with a cozy atmosphere. The staff were friendly and the food was quick! We got the spinach and artichoke dip which is a pretty basic appetizer, but it was one of the best I have had. Both of our meals were wonderful, and for a very reasonable price. I got the Seafood Pasta with white sauce and LOVED IT while my boyfriend got the nightly special which was a linguine with a spicy red sauce, and I believe shrimp and clams. He also was a fan. 
The two negatives about this place include the fact that we were close to the door so we had a nice draft coming towards us the whole time, which made it pretty chilly. In addition to this, the host told us our wait time would be 30 minutes...instead we waited an hour and 20 minutes to be seated, which was a little frustrating. Overall, this is a great place for a date night, but if you have a bigger party, you may wait even longer than we did and be a little cramped. Hope this helps!I'm really glad that I had my yelp app to find this place. It had a very quaint feel to it, and the artwork everywhere was fun to look at. The servers were by constantly and I absolutely loved my spinach lasagna, which, I think is an accomplishment for them because I am very particular about lasagna. The only complaint I have is that there is no child's menu. Luckily, though, the waitress recommended the cheese bread for my little brother (which was basically like slices of cheese pizza) which he loved.Great little eatery that we take our family to each time we visit New Orleans. The wait isn't long and the food is delicious. We always leave happy and stuffed.Food was good. Service was good. Prices were fair. Pizza was good. Cesar salad was not very good.Great food for the $. The red sauce they use is very good - has a little kick which I liked.  We are often in the area so we will be back. The restaurant was quite busy at 8:30 at night but the tables turned quickly.Good food and great staff.  The meatball sub is a must-have.Pizza is ok, pasta not so much. Service is really good and on point. Nice small placeFive stars because absolutely everything was perfect except... the host when I first walked in the door. However, that little experience was short lived and out shined by the amazing food and great service (by Raven). Will definitely come back and would recommend to everyone!The pizza is excellent and a nice environment. Pricing is a good value for the quality which I would love to have near our home.
 The only reason for the 3 stars is the service. When we walked it it took several minutes to be acknowledged and after being seated the waitress appeared to be distracted or thinking about other things. She got impatient a but even when my other half took to long to take her drink order and left to get the other drinks and when my other half went to place her order she was gone.   
Refills were very slow and unattended at first. Eventually after having to be persistent about it the refills came much smoother.
     Now to clear things up, it wasn't busy at all. When we walked in there was only 1 table occupied and by the time we got our food there was two other tables occupied. I even noticed the other couple that came in ordered a pizza, similar service etc and after their food came they wanted some additional sauce which they were extremely aggravated that it took so long for somebody to come back around to see how their food was and if they needed anything and they got the sauce I heard the young lady comment on how their food was not hot anymore.
Eventually things smoothed out only because the cook came out and helped her. Seemed even getting the bill was a challenge.   The other couple was so aggravated the lady started calculating what their total bill was and was going to leave when the cook brought their bill.
   Now back to the food..  AWESOME..  The pizza is phenomenal and the spinach dip is do die for...    
   Fix the major customer service issues and this is a place to come back to again...   Till then only time will tellI love this little restaurant.  My husband and I come here all the time.  The waitstaff is always super friendly - one server in particular is just wonderful, I wish I could remember her name - and you can spend $20 for two and walk away full.
We never stray far from pizza.  We almost always go at night, and get the small Mediterranean with two side salads and a couple of Peronis to wash everything down.  Plus their tiramisu is delicious.This is a cute spot on Royal, away from the buzz of Bourbon Street. Family and I were looking forward to a nice, quiet meal. After reading the Yelp reviews, we picked this place. First off, the owners (managers) were pretty rude. We walked in and it was so packed we couldn't all fit in the shoe-box sized waiting area...instead of asking if we'd like to put our name on the list, we got yelled at to shut the door! Very rude. We went ahead and waited (outside) for 30 minutes before being seated. Waitress finally managed to bring water after 10 minutes at our table. She wasn't rude but wasn't friendly and seemed exasperated to have another table. She handed us a menu supplement with the days specials, but everything we tried to order they were "sold out". No idea why she gave it to us in the first place. We ordered, and waited 45 minutes for our food. Now, if the food had been awesome, I'd give this place more stars. But all the waiting wasn't worth it. The pizza my Mom ordered was pretty good not great, but my husband's lasagna and my chicken parm were only mediocre at best. StepDad got the mardi gras pasta that was delish. 
Go to this place if you want a quiet meal away from Bourbon, but only if you don't care about waiting forever for some sub-par italian. Instead, try the African place next door...it looked awesome!Always pleased with the delivery food even if it gets here a little cold. Fantastic chicken parmesan.Amazing food in a precious tiny location.  Their sign is a picture of Mona Lisa outside with not much script, you might even walk right by.  Our server Raven was top notch! The bruschetta, tapenade and our custom order of meatballs as an appetizer were perfect!  For dinner we ordered pasta bolognese and the baked ziti AND a pizza! All amazing!  They sell wine by the bottle which you can take home if you don't finish it. We will for sure be back. I hear they have free delivery in the French quarter too! Check it out!O.K. in the French Quarter for several days now. Had enough crawfish and oysters and stuff. Time to try something different.  Italian!! I had the lasagna. Wife had spaghetti bolognas...both were terrific.  Saw several pizzas pass by all look great. If you're in the FQ and tired of the seafood options 
 I highly recommend Mona Lisa's.  Nice quite relaxing atmosphere, nice peaceful background music playing"Tasty, unique and lovely" from another review sums up Mona Lisa's nicely. I'd add charming and friendly as well. I think in NOLA, especially the French Quarter, the food choices can be redundant, and Mona Lisa's is a great antidote to this. Check it out. If there's a bit of a wait they'll send you the Green Lantern which is colorful and fun.So amazing. You should know that the portions are very big. The food is soooo good. Very stylistic and cute. Fast service and very family friendlyGreat spot especially for a date.  You get to draw your own version of Mona Lisa on the table cloths , and if your drawing is good enough they put it on the wall.  I had the Veal parmigiano and it was very good.  I really enjoyed their red sauce.  Not too pricey and big portions. I'll definitely be backIf you're in the mood for some Good Italian Food.  
Come here. 
Small and cozy and no cajun-jumbalaya-crawfish whatever to be had.  
Beer & wine only.  
Took a small group -  they don't take reservations but if you get there early it's no problem getting seated.    But I hear the later you go - the longer the wait.  Or is that the hungrier you are, the longer your wait.Ordered the penne with italian sausage...it was good and spicy!  Our waitress was attentive and the bottled wine prices are very reasonable. It was a nice Place to go with a group of friends.Mona Lisa's was the cure for my seafood/Creole/Cajun rut!   Don't misunderstand I love Creole/Cajun food, but after so many days I need a break and I revert back to my "normal" staples.  
Mona Lisa's is wonderfully low key with good pizza and a cheep wine selection.  All the bottles of wine are around $20, and for wine that you pair with pizza they are a fine quality.  
The pizza was tasty and the service quick.  This was a great (cheep) place to have a low-key night in downtown NOLA, since most everything is packed and super expensive.We started Lundi Gras here.  Apparently, they are not usually open on Monday, but made an exception for the holiday.   
Party of 4, we arrived around noon.  It wasn't even clear they were open, every table was open.  It turns out they were waiting for us and seated us in a prime location in front of the window.  
It was a little disconcerting for the first 20 - 30 minutes - that feeling when you are the only person in a restaurant - Is the food that bad?  What does everyone else know that I don't?  What were those people on Yelp talking about?  Fortunately, diners finally started filtering in.   
This is a typical French Quarter storefront.  Long, narrow deep floor plan.  The serving floor is divided by a room length wall.  Tables of 2 and 4 line the walls.   The bathrooms are out back (literally) someplace.  Nothing that you are going to see in Modern Architecture, but clean and certainly above the FQ standard.
Cute decor, the restaurant theme, not ironically, is "Mona Lisa".  There are literally dozens of different renditions of the mystery woman decorating the walls.  And the eyes.... well you have to see them for yourself.  
I didn't try the very large, beautiful, meal-in-itself salad or the pizzas but everyone else raved about them.  I was too busy trying to stuff down the Mona Lisa Sub (can't remember the exact name).  It was more like an enormous panini.  It was great.  I've been thinking about that sandwich all week.  
Service was bright, cheery and capable.  Glasses stayed filled. I took one star off because the host could not explain why it was so cold on Lundi Gras.
Great experience, great value.  $84 including drinks and tip.  Definitely planning to return.We found this place according to tourist book and it was worth to try. It was a gem. Italian food and very nice ambiance. We had the garlic bread basket as appetizer and pasta as main course with local wine. Very tasty food and worth the wait. While waiting we draw on the white paper that they put on table which was fun. Mona lisa portraits all over the walls which is very cool. I liked Mona Lisa a lot and will be coming back! Oh by the way the price for this beautiful dinner was very reasonable in the end, so worth try , you won't be disappointed.We stopped by here to satisfy our Italian food craving. Ambience was perfect for a nice evening,looked more of a date place. We ordered Pasta Primavera,eggplant parmesan and spinach lasagna. Pasta and eggplant parmesan was good, though we liked pasta primavera better but spinach lasagna had strong flavor of some herb(sage may be) and we couldnt eat more than few bites. With much embarrassment we had to send it back. Decent food but pricey!Unfortunately, I attended this restaurant with a party of 9. The owner was rude and ales us to wait outside while they put the tables together. This was not unusual but his attitude regarding our party was less than stellar. Immediately upon being seated the server spilled an entire try of water upon my partner and I. Forgivable yes but no offering was made to comp any item or offer any sense of remorse.  To make matters worse this is a loud restaurant and my party was asked to quiet down. We weren't cursing and we were not any louder than any party. We will not be back. Service bad. Food good.  Ownership horrible.Absolutely loved this place. Stayed in New Orleans for the night and wanted to eat where the locals eat. The pizza was amazing and so was the service! Everyone was so nice. I'll be stopping in every time I come back.Excelente lugar muy acogedor , excelente comida todo lo que pedimos fue delicioso y los precios bastante buenos para la calidad que te ofrece, excelente servicio, muy atentos y todo en tiempo .Mona Lisa was a great find. It's very refreshing to find a reasonably priced restaurant in the area. What makes it even more appealing is the fact that it isn't creole! I am a tourist and it seemed like every restaurant around here was overly creole. So this was a huge plus in my book. Also, the decor is great! Very funny. I would return here.Pizza and the Mona Lisa: Very New Orleans, right? If you're spending only one day in NOLA, you might want to grab a Po-Boy rather than heading to Mona Lisa, but if you have enough time in this fabulous city, I'd stop by the Mona Lisa. While you wait for your pizza and sip your wine, you can use crayons to make a Mona Lisa of your very own. Grab ideas from the hundreds of others on the walls or just wing it. Though it's in the French Quarter, it's secluded enough that you don't feel like a total tourist. I can't wait to return to NOLA so I can head back here and see the new drawings on the walls.This is the kind of place that makes a great first date or a ten year anniversary or anything in between!  Whether you are with friends, family or that someone special, the cool and cozy atmosphere will not be lost.  It is intimate, friendly, but not over the top.  As others have written you can go in shorts and t-shirt, or casual business attire. 
Every time I come to NOLA I stop by here because I love the Mardis Gras Pasta. Its is like jambalaya but with pasta instead of rice. A nice creamy, spicy sauce with shrip and sausage over linguine - that New Orleans!  
The portions are just right, the food is very tasty, prepared well, and served pipping hot!  The salads hit the spot!  The desserts are made fresh - and are very tempting.  
Service is good and attentive.  Prices are very reasonable.  All in all a good place to eat.  I dropped them a star because they do not have much to choose for in terms of wine, which, for me is essential for pasta and dinner.  All in all you will not be disappointed!
By the way, the many and numerous variations of the Mona Lisa that adorn the walls are great to look like.  You can even color your own on the paper table "cloth" to add to their collection!
Cheers!Mona Lisa has been our default, affordable Italian restaurant. The calzones are delicious along with the spinach lasagna. Great little place for a big bite to eat!A little off the beaten path, but it was worth the walk. Service was slow, but we didn't mind. Prices are much more affordable than typical French quarter eateries. Bottles of wine can be purchased for the price of a glass in some places. Food was fresh and very tasty. Ambience was very unique. Recommend trying this establishment if you are in the mood for something more like home.I have never ever written any kind of review online for anything but this place deserves one. The best Lasagna ever. Period. 5/5 amazing food. Tucked in a quiet corner of the French quarter away from the strip clubs and the noise. There's a bar down the street if you have to wait to get seated.In a land of amazing plates and mind blowing taste buds this little gal's restaurant stands strong with the very best. Italian the way Italian should be. Cozy, fresh ingredients, perfect combinations and great ambiance. 
The pizza here could be described as enigmatic, because of the monumentality of the composition, the subtle modeling of forms, and the atmospheric illusionism were novel qualities that have contributed to the continuing fascination and study of the work. Oh wait that's the painting. At any rate you won't be disappointed in the pizza or the art. Spin dip, Mardi Gras pasta, lasagna, honestly you can not go wrong here.I have been going here since I first stepped fot in this city.
Another one of those odd finds from that tourist book my mother brought this is the restaurant we absolutely have to go to when she's in town.  And she can't stop herself from ordering the baked fettucini every time... and I can't stop myself from stealing some of that massive cloud of baked ricotta on top......  I just have made myself miserable with craving.
If you are looking for a tshirt and jeans date night, a place to go with a few friends, or a great take out pizza.... go.  The decor is homespun in a way, worn and comfortable and the draw your own table cloths always make me happy.  The fact that they recently have started hanging the crayon drawings of mona lisa from thei customers up is wonderful.
The servers are always friendly and I have had to wait (both in line and at the table) for my food before, it's always been worth it.  And the house pino noir is pretty decent to boot.
Get the poppyseed salad dressing with your entre if you want something a bit sweet and order the extra cheese bread if you want a decadent night.
The clams and pasta with the lemon butter sauce is wonderful, the chicken parmesian is to die for, I already expounded on my love for the baked fettucini, and the eggplant parm sanwich rocks my lunchtime world.
It is overall fantasic itlain food in a relaxed fun atmosphere without a huge bill at the end.
Did I mention the draw your own tablecloths?A bartender at Rare Form recommended Mona Lisa's and we were very impressed. Food was delicious, decent wine selection, and adorable and romantic atmosphere.  Plus, the various renditions of the Mona Lisa were fun to gaze at. The service was great and we got a cannoli for the road which was perfectly crafted. Can't wait to go again!Excellent.  So good.  Cute little place. No frills. Tasty food. Good service. No complaints 
Don't miss itCute little Italian restaurant. Fast service, pretty good food. Chicken Alfredo was above average. Best thing I had was a cheese bread. Sat near the kitchen and got a bit warm during dinner.Outstanding food, comfortable and cozy atmosphere, in a peaceful section of the FQ. On my trip to NOLA, I was mostly  looking forward to eating cajun/creole food, but this turned out to be my favorite meal of the whole trip. I will recommend to anyone going to New Orleans. (Get the cheesy garlic bread!)This place was a terrific find. They do not accept reservations, so we had a short wait outside on a hour humid night. The wait was worth it. I ordered a Pinot Noir by the glass and it was great. The service was friendly and thoughtful. I had the eggplant parmesan served on a bed of linguini. It was well prepared with a delicious sauce. My wife loved her spinach lasagna. The final treat came when the book came. Prices here are so reasonable that I had to look twice. The server saw me studying the bill and told me, "yep, that's right. Best deal in New Orleans." I agreed.Do not get the spinach lasagna! It tasted sour and was canned spinach. The shrimp scampi was alright and we enjoyed the garlic bread. The bruschetta was warm tomato sauce but unlike any others I have had before.  Liked the atmosphere and the Mona Lisa theme. I would not go back.Awesome Italian food in the quarter.  Great prices and great service.  Don't bring a big group though, small place.  Perfect for a group of 4.Great food and atmosphere. Try the Mardi Gras pasta...really good dining experience. In a nice quiet area of the French Quarter (if there is such a thing).We had the most wonderful experience at this restaurant.  The food is perfection and the staff is delightful!  We even witnessed the poor seater try to help a party of 18 (their biggest table seats 6), and when the children didn't like that they couldn't sit at the same table, the father approached the worker, making physical contact and swore at him!  He was calm and professional despite the father's awful behavior.The 2nd time I'd ever been here was last summer, and it was just as awesome as the first time. The food and ambiance are as tasty, unique, and as lovely as the city this restaurant resides in.
 I will always come here whenever I am in town. And, that will be often! J'taime...j'adore!!I love this restaurant. It is from another time and cozy with very affordable food, with portions that are not huge and a nice waitstaff. It feels like a neighborhood place.Love this place. We have been eating at Mona Lisa for YEARS, I think since it very first opened. Always very good and very friendly.  Not expensive and always delicious. Its the kind of place your likely to run into some friends. Its that good.A great place to go in the French Quarter.  Good food and wine at a reasonable price.  I give five stars because they chose my granddaughters drawing for their menu.This was by far one of my favorites on our trip.  Food was excellent.  I had the lasagna perfectly baked in it's own little dish.  Great atmosphere.  Great service.  Great price.  Dinner for 2 with appetizer and wine for less than $50 bucks.  What else could you possibly ask for.Went here as a party of one on a Saturday evening. The place is warm with white Christmas lights & tea lights lighting the area. The walls are donned with different takes on the famous Mona Lisa painting. You can draw your own on the table with crayons that are provided! I had a glass of white wine and the pasta Nonna-something. It was delicious enough that it wiped my memory clean of the name! My server was attentive and adorable, although I didn't get her name. This place has free delivery to the FQ ( a guy on a bike!). The lasagna looked awesome coming out of the kitchen also. Definitely would eat here againso cozy. delicious food. well priced. average service. took almost 2 hours to get our food, hence 4 stars. (and we went early!) but overall, a nice experience.We heard about this place from local folks and were delighted with the great food and fun atmosphere.  Everything is fresh and prepared to perfection!Such great food and enviroment! We had the spinach dip and garlic bread pizza to start, peperoni pizza and chicken parm for dinner, chocolate cake and canoli for dessert. It was all fabulous! The little cupboard that is the dining area just creates this warm cozy family environtment (would be good for a date too, we had my husband and 3 of his siblings). We didn't feel rushed and the servers where really helpful in answering our questions.Nice romantic little place. Food no more than okay (had pizza and caesar's salad). Service great.It is a cute little place, that my parents recommended. It was not busy when we went in, the service was attentive but not bothersome. A manager/owner (not sure which) was quirky and a bit annoyed with another party w/ kids.
We ordered the Mona Lisa pizza, it was wonderful. I also had a side caesar salad, it was also really good. Their prices are very reasonable for New Orleans, especially for the French Quarter.
Over all it was a fun time and a good meal. God willing, we will be back. It was a nice end to a great day, and I had enough for a late night snack.I've only dined here one other time butt the lasagna was fantastic. Trying the baked ziti tonight and it smells wonderful insideThis place was amazing! It was a great atmosphere - and the staff was wonderful. The lasagna was one of the best I've ever had - the red sauce was fabulous! The wonderful smell is what brought us in, and we definitely didn't regret it.Mona Lisa is a good little neighborhood restaurant ... Small and friendly.. I love the clam linguini..tons of clams in the white sauce..Our server was friendly, and recommended some spots for us to check out during our stay.
We split the chicken fettuccini, and she didn't even include the extra $3 for chicken (nor did she have a problem with us splitting a meal).  It came with some salad and a slice of pizza bread, which were both good.  As for the pasta itself, it was a huge portion, but the taste did not beat Olive Garden's.Mona Lisa is always a great place for Italian dishes.  This atmosphere is casual.  Location is within walking distance from the French Market, Jackson Square, Bourbon Street.  It's located on Royal Street.  I always eat the Fettuccine Alfredo Chicken but my wife gets Lasagna. the bread is amazing.  There are about 100 different pictures of Mona Lisa. Some are quite entertaining. If you like Italian, you won't want to miss this place!Great little place. Stumbled upon it randomly for lunch. Had a great meal. It was affordable and good. Nothing fancy but the food was delicious and not over priced. In the French Quarter but not a tourist trap. Made with love it seems.
The owners are very nice and one of them has a great sens of humour. Great service too. 
Don't go there if you don't like the Mona Lisa, cause there are paintings of her everywhere. Lol! Nice and quarky, makes it unique. I loved it. 
Will go back next time I'm in NOLA.Restaurant where you get to use crayons to draw on the tables. That's awesome. The waitress saw that I was writing in Russian and asked if it was the Cyrillic alphabet. Awesome. Oh yeah and they have like pasta and pizza and calzones which is yummy. But you get to draw on the table.Went to this place because of all the positive reviews. We ordered three different pizzas. And all for of us concluded that the cheese was not right. All the other ingredients tasted fresh and good, but the bloody cheese ruined it all. We took the leftovers with us in a box, but we threw those slices away because no one felt like eating them.This place makes me super happy. Cute, quirky, and affordable option in the Quarter. While their food is decidedly not haute cuisine, or even anything invented this century, it is good. The portions are big - I often take home half of my entree for lunch the next day.Really excellent Italian ristorante. Outstanding bolognese and everyone with us exclaimed about the food.After a minimal wait (about 20 minutes, downside is you go inside to be placed on the list then must step outside to wait...restaurant is TINY!) we were seated at the last table near the register. Not a good seat as all those who come in to pick up to go orders congregate there. One guy even stepped on my husband's foot! 
The food was great. Homemade, fresh pasta served fairly quick. I chose the spaghetti w/meatballs which was delish. Husband order Linguini Alfredo with Shrimp and he was not disappointed. The house red wine was a decent choice. We also shared the spinach/artichoke dip which we enjoyed A LOT! Even the Caesar salad was crisp and fresh. 
Lost one star for a really grumpy waitress who we saw twice, to take our order and to bring the check. The host brought our appetizer and drinks.I have long held this place as one of my favorite go-to places for Italian food in the French Quarter. Maybe it's the August slow-down, but my most recent visit here wasn't the best. Let me be clear - the service is always, and remains to be, top-notch. The staff is super friendly and attentive, so zero complaints there. It's why I will continue to dine here in the future. 
However, the meal I had there last week was not stellar in comparison to other times I e been there. To be fair, Mona Lisa has set a very high bar with me, so I expect fantastic food. My recent meal was OK at best. The Spinach dip, which is usually very creamy, was stiff and lumpy. The spinach lasagna was far too salty for my tastes. The best parts of the meal were the Caesar salad and the cannoli dessert (although I'm disappointed they apparently have stopped their practice of including one of their delectable small slices of pizza with a salad - that's a real shame.) I'm inclined to believe this middling meal was a one-off and it will be better the next time.Based on Yelp for Italian in New Orleans I was recommended Mona Lisa, I have to admit, while I did dine late on a Saturday night during a busy holiday weekend the food took nearly an hour to get from ordering. However with that being said the food was great, I happened to overhear that each dish was cooked fresh, nothing was frozen, which was apparent after tasting my dish. I highly recommend giving this a try, good cheap food, however dont get upset if there is a slight wait for your food. It was my understanding that they only have one regular chef, and one pizza chef, so I can see how things might get backed up.Small location. Staff was great. Bathroom location a little weird. Had to wait bout half hour to be seated. Bolognese was amazingIf you're in the french quarter and looking for a place to have some good pizza and decent Italian food in a unique environment, then this is the place for you.  The walls are adorned with multiple variations of the famous Mona Lisa and I'm pretty sure that customers can submit their own works based on some of the artwork on the wall.  I really like their marinara sauce, though it is heavy on the vinegar, but I like the tangy taste that it brings out of the tomatoes.  I've had several of their pizzas and they have all been very good.  I've also tried their lasagna and it was good.  They have a decent selection of wine that you can choose from and have many available by the glass and some only by the bottle.Excellent food, friendly people, interesting, quaint atmosphere; I know it's NOLA but lose the fruit flies.We waited about 30 minutes to be seated, and it has no place to waited: you either go somewhere else to wait and they'll call you when your table is available or wait standing up front. I ordered a Meatball Parmesiana, it is not the usual Italian meatball and pasta, it is spicy, more like a cajun fusion dish. It was **** good. The spinach lasagna was ****good, and seems to be the most praised choice. The wine list is poor. Food deserves **** wine list zero service ** so I gave four stars. I would add that although good the food does not justify waiting for so long, without having at the very least some seats for those who do not want to walk around and find a bar to seat & wait.Great place off the beaten path.  The red sauce with shrimp over pasta was excellent.  Plenty of shrimp.  Service was fast and friendly.  Would come again.I really wanted to like Mona Lisa.  The atmosphere's right up my alley.  The pasta could be so much better.  I'm not that picky of an eater, and hate giving bad reviews.  That said...
I ordered their special - "Meatball Parmesan Over Linguine."  
It should have been named "two tough baseball sized meatballs on linguine in a very runny tomato sauce."  Came with a so-so salad, and slice of cheese bread.  Nothing stood out flavor wise.  Sauce was so loose, I was glad I wore black because it splattered everywhere.  The portion size was large.  I had enough left to make a good late night snack.  Sadly, the taste wasn't appealing enough to take it back to the hotel.
There are much better options for basic pasta in the FQ.  Seek them out.It was 9ish on a Friday night and we came with no reservation, a party of 5. 
The maitre'd promised us a table in 20 minutes, and we were seated in 19. So far so good. 
We ordered the bruschetta and artichoke dip and my friend ordered a caprese salad for herself. All were hot and delicious. 
For my entree I ordered a simple Linguini Alfredo, playing it safe. The pasta and chicken were hot and fresh, but the cheese? OH. Probably the richest cheese sauce I have ever tasted. Creamy and dreamy. And we had enough for leftovers!
A pretty reasonable price too. 
The ambiance is cute; Mona Lisa stares at you from every angle. The only complaint I could have was that the restaurant was uncomfortably cold. The waiter was kind and attentive, even close to closing. He also split our check 5 ways for us! 
Coming back really soon!Good place. Tapenade was excellent and came with homemade toasted garlic bread...yum!! Lasagna was definitely different than typical American style lasagna. Although the ricotta was cool - was still nice and light. The stuffed shells with creole sauce - not a winner. Something with the creole seasoning wasn't working for me. Overall, good place. Curious about those other appetizers after ours! Atmosphere is great!Mona Lisa!  I kept walking by this tiny place (curious).  Finally went in to try it on our walk home.  So happy I did.  Totally unexpected awesome dinner.  Kinda romantic in a quaint sort of way. I'm extra critical of restaurant Italian food (it never tastes like my grandmas) and it was really good, like homemade. They had my favorite dish, linguini and clams, it was done up right!  The garlic bread, so soft and tasty.  Bf got the baked ziti, he too is critical of Italian food (for the same reason) and loved it!  Small, local, tasty, friendly, timely, reasonably priced, cool art (all sorts of Mona Lisa's everywhere), great vibe, even the customers were nice.  And you can draw on the table with crayons.
Dined in 3 nights ago and tonight I did a take out order:  one large pizza, stuffed shells, and chicken parmesan, had it delivered to the house, came in 30 minutes!  Sadly I am not there to tell you how it was.I hadn't been to Mona Lisa in over 10 years.  And the food is just as good as I remember.  And it does have good Italian & pizza. The building is interesting and their wine list is even pretty decent these days.
BUT (and you knew it was coming) I have several good pizza joints in my neighborhood so I'm not usually heading to the FQ for pizza.We order 2 med. pizzas. One just cheese and another with pepperoni and ham. Yummy, we order by phone and in 15 minutes,done . The sauce seems alittle sweet ,but overall ,a must buy.We saw this place got great reviews so even though we were tired and aching from a day of walking around New Orleans, we went here! We were not sorry. The food was absolutely wonderful. The fettuccine Alfredo tasted better than any I had eaten in quite a while. The salads were fresh with delicious garlic bread. The atmosphere is casual, but quiet and comfortable. The servers are very, very friendly and helpful. There are hundreds of Mona Lisa drawings on the walls (not in a tacky way) showing different variations. They even offer you crayons to draw your own should you wish (we did! We hope our variations make it onto a menu or a wall someday.) It was very fun but classy too, definitely an adorable little restaurant. Most importantly though, the food was amazing. It was a really great meal and worth walking a bit out of the way for.I was wandering around the French Quarter when I stumbled upon the Mona Lisa Restaurant.  Unlike most of the restaurants in the area it was not a bar or a club, which was a welcome relief.  Instead, it was a quiet, quaint, neighborhood restaurant--the kind of place that locals probably frequent.  I had some cheesy pizza bread as an appetizer, and I had the penne pasta with sausage and creole sauce, and both were absolutely DELICIOUS!  The service was great, too.  If you want good food, in a quiet little local restaurant, then this is the place for you.I have nothing bad to say about this place except it deserves a bigger spot in a better part of town. If u haven't ate here I feel sorry for you. Pasta ! Bomb ! Service ! Awesome!!! Eat here, go out of ur way!!!Great Pizza & Reasonable Prices
This is a gem in the French Quarter. If you go to NOLA often and don't want Cajun or Creole food every night, Mona Lisa's is just the thing. You won't get fancy dining here. You'll get great pizza and friendly service.What can I say....I love this dive!  I eat here every single trip to New Orleans.  The staff is awesome and the food is GREAT.  Huge portions.   You can even color on your table!  LOLYou may have to wait a while, but the food is very good.  The atmosphere is unique and quirky, with all kinds of images of Mona Lisa on the walls and menus.  The servers are nice and fast, though don't expect frills from anyone here.  The food portions are big and very affordable.We walked by this quaint place one morning and decided to try it for dinner, since we already overate on all things New Orleans.
We were seated by the front window and we ordered the chicken alfredo.
Delicious !!!
It's a  great   place, can't  wait to try  it again  the next time we're in       New Orleans !Great little restaurant hidden away from the crowds. The staff are always friendly,and the food is great! Pizza's really shine,and I love the Mona Lisa pasta-delicious! Very reasonable prices,large servings and a great vibe. Check it out!It was a mixed bag. The choices were not too surprising and it was not probably a place for people who are adventurous foodies.
The spinach lasagne I had lacked a good bold cheese ingredient and perhaps lacked enough cheese overall. The lasagne seemed overwhelmed by too much spinach and perhaps too much sauce. 
However, my husband's chicken alfredo was quite good. Nice thick creamy alfredo; good consistency on the noodles.  Pretty good chicken and peas also.
Dessert was a good lemon cake that we took to go. Actually should have purchased two of those!
Our cost for two people for: appetizer, two moderate entrees, two sodas, and one dessert plus tip was $50.00.
The feel is kitsch and casual. Variations on the Mona Lisa hang everywhere. Tables have real tea-light candles and paper and crayons are on the table to do your own artwork.
Our waiter was nice and checked back often. 
They seemed to close just a bit early for a Friday night, however.
This probably deserves a 3.5 rating.Rude wait staff and due to that fact my husband and I decided we will not be eating there. We are from Minnesota and my husband and I were walking the streets exploring the sites when I stopped into Mona lisa both to use the bathroom and see what they had on the menu. Upon leaving the bathroom I was bum rushed by the waiter inquiring what I was doing there. I said my husband and I were looking for a place to stop and eat and the waiter continued to harrass me as I made my way to the door to catch my husband who was still looking around. As I made my way completely out the door the waiter made the comment loud enough for the entire small cafe to hear. "You ain't looking for no restaurant! " and commented how I looked like a bum with how I was dressed. Well sometimes even tourists from Minnesota will put on a pair of pj pants and a tank top and sandles to go exploring.. Also bathrooms are located outside the restaurant and are very cramped and dirty. Get this then the extremely rude gentlemen comes out to further harrass me  about my review. Telling me I had only come in to use the bathroom and how date I "lie" about him he's the owner and to "f--- myself." never in my life have I ever been to subject to such a display.. Worst place to go in new Orleans apparently..Great Food!! But if you go with family look for another place, my waiting time was for 52 min. Outside with mosquitos and hot summer of NOLA weather. My little daughter (11)  sat down in a corner and they told her she coulnd't sit in the inside for no reason. Locals get in with no problem, turists are forgetten...Very nice atmosphere, especially at night. I would recommend sticking to the pizza. Last time I had dinner here I ordered the eggplant Parmesan. The sauce was not very good and was heavy on oregano. The pasta was a little tough and the eggplant wasn't very good. The pizza is amazing though!Atmosphere is ok, prices are good, my husband and I split the chicken Parm, it was delicious, but we could of each had our own. Service was greatMona Lisa's is a cute Italian place on the far end of the quarter towards esplanade. The atmosphere here is great, they never have you waiting longer then you can stand, and the food is consistently delightful. I really like to have a nice quiet spot that even when full of people is quiet enough that you don't have to shout. Also helps that they only have four or five front of house people so if your a local and go more then once, odds are you'll get a nice smile and a "welcome back" nod.