Beggars can't be choosers. One of my favorite cuisines is Middle Eastern, so when you have a taste for lamb and Hommos, I was going to eat anyway!
It's quite a large space, and with over 16 tables, and yet at 7 PM there are six of us in here.
The three German cockroaches that were dancing under my feet the entire meal are an indication of their comfort level. This place hasn't seen a professional cleaner in years.
I really enjoyed the lamb dish, however the bread was not fresh ( it would be acceptable if you were serving this dish at home, but not at a restaurant). So the stars go to the lamb. 
At the end of the meal I asked for coffee, which was served slightly warm at best. I asked the waitress to get me a hot coffee, and the answer was that they would need to remake another pot 
For it to be served hot. That was as far as the conversation goes....
Shame .... I gave a 10% tip and also wrote "tips" on the receipt.Dude. Best Middle Eastern outside of Detroit and that says a lot. Had the Mona's Special App and garnish. SO good. Especially the fried kibbee, which had a nice cinnamon kick the lebne, baba and tabbouli with real cracked bulgar & mint. 100% recommend. Fast service too.Good find on Frenchman! Falafel was excellent as is the hummus. Rob was a really nice waiter. Pita bread hot and soft to pick up lots of hummus and baba ganoush.Ask for two sides of tzatziki, got none. Hummus leaked all in the bag, food is a mess in the container. Sloppy. Chicken had the consistency like gum. I asked for whole wheat pitas, didn't get those. Other locations take more pride in their presentation and taste so if you want Monas just don't go to the one on Frenchmen.This is the go to place for middle eastern food in New Orleans. Casual, Convenient, and Tasty. I love the gyros plate but pretty much everything on the menu rocks. Friendly and cheerful staff. They have a small grocery that sells hookahs and Mideast import goods. It is conveniently located on one of the coolest blocks in the universe.100% sober review. Food is crispy fresh and bursting with flavor, veggies and meat eaters rejoice.This place is absolutely amazing! Had the spinach pie, stuffed grape leaves, and sautéed veggie plate...probably my favorite meal in Nola out of my 3 day trip. Definitely a great spot for vegetarians/vegans.This Mona's popped up with like three others over a four month period a few years back.  It's not the best one, but not the worst.  Mona's set the standard for Middle Eastern in New Orleans, and is only bested by one maybe two others.Had the beef kabob w hummus everything was pretty average except location. 6 chunks of beef w salad & hummus for $16 I'll pass next time maybe it was because they were about to close I'll never know.Amazing food. Good for if you need a break from burgers, fried chicken and fries. Get some health and comfort. Good service too.These falafels. Amazing options for vegetarians and vegans. A must stop of healthy eating while in the Big Easy. Reasonably priced, spacious, attentive service, and a cafeteria vibe (if you're into that sort of thing). Their deep fried cheese was the bombdiggity. How one deep fries cheese remains a delicious mystery to me.Came here for one of my first few meals in NOLA, first time in the Marigny. Since then, howver, I've noticed a couple of locations, at least 2 in Uptown, which makes me wonder whether it's locally owned or franchised (if anyone has the answer, I'd love to be informed). 
Honestly, my impression was no more than meh. This particular location was clean and small, with friendly service and not many patrons for a Friday evening. 
I ordered meat-stuffed grape leaves, which came with a salad and some tzatziki saucea and pita. Honestly, the meat was extremely bland, and there was not much flavor besides lemon in the rice portion of the dolma. My vegetarian friends ordered falafel to share and they seemed to enjoy it a lot more. The portions were large enough that I and they brought significant amounts home, which were enough for another meal. 
I'm sure there's better Middle Eastern food out there in NOLA. I'm not going to settle for Mona's just because it's seemingly ubiquitous.Roaches in the pita bread basket. No bueno. Plus, the pita bread was not homemade. It was a little depressing to see stacks and stacks of pita bread still in the plastic wrappers, just sitting on top of one another. I ordered the chicken shawarma plate. Usually, it's amazing tasting shaved chicken grilled and rotated on a spit, kind of like a rotisserie. But this chicken shawarma was stir fried with a strong curry flavor. It wasn't horrible, but certainly not like any chicken shawarma I've ever had before. The hummus was good, but of course I couldn't eat it with any pita bread. And the baklava is not homemade either, and seemed a bit too dry for my personal preferences. It still tasted good -- you know, slap some honey, pistachios and phyllo dough together and it will usually taste good, but not bangin.'If you're looking for delicious, healthy veggies and a break from the local Nola fare, try Mona's. The shrimp plate came laden with roasted veggies, Greek salad and fresh hummus, on top of a generous portion of grilled shrimp. Actually a great value in a city where that can be hard to find.The hummus and food were great...service was lacking. The server was very inattentive and had only 3 tables. We stopped in for a quick bite while walking around and it definitely hit the spot and was a nice break from Cajun food.Really decent food for cheap, everything is fresh and tasty.  Great relaxed vibe and good service in the cafe, overall a great little escape from the heavier New Orleans fare and bustling tourist traps.a wide selection of vegetarian and vegan food. we went quite early so food was near instant. just advise them to hold the yoghurt if you are dairy free, no need for them to waste it and they were more than happy.
they need to update their profile to add vegetarian cause seriously it offers the widest selection on Frenchman St.I work up the street from Mona's on Frenchmen.  I regularly order for delivery.  I continue to stay frustrated with their inconsistency.  I received a sandwich today and when I opened the wrapper, I thought they had forgotten to fill it.  three thin slices of gyro meat, a little lettuce and one tomato.
Save yourself the frustration. Just say no.Loved the place, ambience and food. The grape leaves are tasty and the vegetarian platter is filling.Mona's is simply amazing. New Orleans is filled with great places to eat, and this is one gem that has not received it's just due. The Lebanese tea is divine (I think it is made with rose water). All of the sandwiches are under $10, and most of the dinners are under $14. The beef shawarma is about as good as it gets for food. Really, I could eat here every day.I stopped in here yesterday when I was over in the Marigny/Bywater area yesterday. It has been a while since I had middle eastern. That and one of my friends recommended this place. When I went i it wasn't that busy, I will admit that did change in 20 minutes.
When I went in I was greeted by a friendly waiter. Since I have only had middle eastern food 2 other times in my life I asked the man what his recommendations were. He told me to try the chicken shawarma. With that I placed my order.
Before my dish arrived the waiter brought me some pita bread. It was pretty good. I also liked their tea that they had. It reminded me of a dessert I once had called turkish delight. When the chicken shawarma arrived to my table  I decided to dig in. It came with hummus and lettuce,tomato,cucumber and a vinigarette salad dressing covering the veggies. This dish was truly superb, Especially the shawarma! I also spied someone eating a vegetarian dish that looked and smelled really good. I am not much on vegan food but I might just give it a try here. 
The decor was pretty nice, I noticed that they had a little convenience store inside the restaurant. While thoughts drifted to the confection known as turkish delight I spied a box of turkish delight! Let me tell you now that was a sight for sore eyes. This was the first time I had seen it here in New Orleans. I said something about it to the waiter he also informed me that they have a bigger selection over at Banks Street. After I payed for my meal, I took one of their business cards and left with a positive feeling.
In short great food, great service, great decor and of course Turkish Delight!As newly minted locals to New Orleans, my boyfriend and I were struggling to find some affordable and delicious eats in our new home. We almost walked right by, however, some truly gorgeous and happily saited Middle eastern women walked out and sent my spidey-senses tingling. Then i saw it on the menu, our heretofore elusive quarry, the "under six dollar" dinner option. 
As we entered, our olefactory senses were assailed by the most sublime crossroads of scents. Fresh bread, mint, garlic, rose, sizzling lamb. We both looked at each other with that crazy mixture incredulity at our good fortune and salivatory anticipation at what was to come.
We were promptly sat by Oscar, who quickly helped us navigate choices while getting to know us. The man is liquid perfection in waiter form, equal parts engaging, efficient, and attentive. The food came out quickly and delivered nicely upon its smells good promise. I can't wait to have more money to try some of thier platters! We have lived here 13 days and eaten at Monas 3 times. 
Hot tip: try the middle eastern tea. There is also a small grocery store attached where you can pick up exotic delights.Kitchen was quick and fries are hot. Baklava was fine. But the Greek salad had so much dressing on it to almost make it inedible.It was great to find a middle eastern eateries in New Orleans, hummus was delicious and so was the lamb kabob. I would definitely come back here when I'm back in new Orleans...thumbs up!Excellent server and good food. Ordered the lamb shank and hummus platter. Both were very good. Waitress was a doll. I would imagine finding food on Frenchmen St is pretty hit or miss and this was a hit. Thanks : ) 
As a note, Hubs was impressed and loved this meal!Mona's is reliable and always can expect a good treat.  I love the chicken shwarma and the tahini, with some baba ganuch in there too.  The food is always fresh, and the staff are friendly.  It's not really much of a restaurant environment. More on the deli side of things.  But I usually pickup Togo anyway.  The little grocery element in the shop is nice too.If you need a break from all the rich creole food this is the perfect spot. I love the cat fish plate the felafel plate. Their hummus is on point. The food is fresh and tasty. Prices are reasonable. If Mona's closed I think I might cry or at least tear up.Delicious vegetarian friendly and healthy meals. The hommus is super creamy and falafel so fresh and delicious.
Great value for money too.Terrific Shawarma, falafel, and Gyros at unbeatable prices for the area.Excellent Middle Eastern food made from fresh ingredients. Recommend the vegetarian grape leaves and the lamb shank which was on special!Mona's cafe was a delightful surprise! The hummus was authentic and delicious and the falafel was fresh and absolutely incredible! Growing up, I traveled to Israel yearly and have often been disappointed with the preparation of these staples in the states. The memory of Mona's cafe still lingers on my taste buds...I only wish I lived closer and could visit more often!Ate there last night and we ordered the gyro sandwich. The food was okay not as good as the other locations. But absolutely worst was the roach that appeared at the table and ran over the food. We jumped up and off the table in shock and the waitress was very calm and simply said ooh they come from outside. Asked us if we wanted to switch tables instead. No concern for the fact that there are roaches in the restaurant and on top of tables and food. Completely disgusted and horrified by that whole experience. Never going back. And would not recommend either, I will just go to the one on Banks as usual.Great delivery food - gentleman on phone was top notch and pleasant - food arrived quickly and was tremendous. This place has been around for a long time but is often overlooked. Great job and highly recommend.Delicious!  And great value for the money.  You can get sandwiches for ~$5 or entrees (which include a salad and hummus w/ pita) for ~$11.  I loved the hummus here - best I've had yet.  Beef shwarma was pretty good too.
There is a small shop attached to it too, but I didn't get to browse it much.I think I have reviewed the one on Banks but I've actually been to this one more often. Best Kibbie ever and the appetizer sampler is a great deal to split between two people.So I ordered a Falafel sandwich but received a Gyros sandwich. I appreciate when a waiter helped to correct, so she gave me separate Falafel and I replaced Gyros in my sandwich. However my husband enjoyed Gyros more than his Lamb Shish Kebab sandwich, so worked well.Delicious
So I order the fish and veggies plate which came with hummus and pitas.
I must say what I received was not what I expected, the description did not do it justice. From the description I was expecting some type of friend fish Mona's style.Mona's was a good relatively cheap dinner - atmosphere was a bit lacking (bad lighting, a TV on, dirty bathrooms) but the food and service were both great. Fun local spot that offers a good idea of the characters that live in this corner of New Orleans. I wouldn't go on a nice date, but for a relaxed, healthy, reasonably-priced dinner with friends, Mona's is the place to go!Food was ok at best. The delivery was quick and they communicated pretty well. We order some hummus and the portion was very slim. The gyro meat was good though.In a nutshell:
Food was delicious
Service was prompt and polite
Portions were generous
Inexpensive
Details:
I had the chicken kebab plate the meat was moist and the yellow rice was nice and fluffy. My bf had the combination plate which was a great sample of everything they have to offer. I should have ordered it as well but overall the food was great. I love to walk out full and know I didn't have to spend an arm and a leg. For the two of us our bill was only $29.61. There was only one waitress who managed to serve 5 tables and at least 10 ppl very attentively and politely. I will certainly be back again on my new trip to NOLA!Cheap, massive portions, solid food. Mona's has been serving up good middle eastern in NOLA since we were worried about the Cold War and petrol was under a dollah. 
And they're still good, even if they're in the Marigny rather than on Banks street. 
Lovely big food and a great experience.Great falafel! We ordered and it was in less then ten minutes. Very tasty. We also had two turkish coffes which were nice and strong and perfect after a long night. Place is clean and service was great.Mona's is the best Mediterranean restaurant in New Orleans and the Frenchmen Street location is by far my favorite.  I love the atmosphere and the staff is super friendly.  Their falafels are the best I've ever eaten anywhere and the spinach pies are amazing as well.  They have really amazing vegan and vegetarian options as well as tons of food for those who aren't. My husband loves their meat pies and the shawarmas.  Mona's is wonderful for both vegans or vegetarians dining alone or dining with groups of friends who may not be vegan/vegetarian.This place is amazing!  The service was excellent. I had their Gyro Plate and unsweetened mint tea; I would recommend both.  Their portions are big for the money.I go for the Gyro. I like it. I get it to go and shop around their little international grocery store for hard to find treats like Crunchie and Milka while I wait. Service is polite and quick. Go to the grocery store register to place to go orders.  I add some Feta and Cholula when I get home and serve with  sweet tea and Pringles. I'm easy.Mona had the best falafel balls I have ever had!  The prices were reasonable and the portions were quite large.  The service was nice and fairly quick.  Besides the falafel balls nothing spectacular but it is very good and mellow place to eat.Mona's doesn't look like much from the outside, but it's a reasonably priced mediterranean place to eat near the French Quarter on Frenchman St.
First, it's worth walking over to Frenchman St. if you are staying in the French Quarters.  There are several interesting places for music in the evening and a nice cafe.  But back to Mona's, great place for hummus, salads, shish kebabs all reasonably priced.I absolutely love everything about eating here - from the hummus to the shwarma (sp?) it is inexpensive, slightly off the tourist path, and delicious.Favorite! Awesome fresh food and great service. The lamb shank, lentil soup, and vegetarian platters are my favorites but I've never ordered anything here I didn't like. They also offer super quick bike delivery in the quarter. The prices are amazing for the quality. I eat here at least once a week.Mona's is a cool place to break up the hustle and bustle of new Orleans! Located on Frenchman street, in the midst of many bars and whatnot, this is a great place for some authentic middle eastern cuisine. Great service and really good foodreally good honest lebanese food. excellent lentil soup. excellent falafel wrap. nothing fancy. just well-prepared, fresh, and at a nice less-than-$10 price point. also a small selection of middle eastern grocery items. otherwise, it's a no frills take out joint with some room to eat in. the staff didn't really speak much english but whatevs. you can figure this out. it's worth it.Ah, Mona - if only I could marry you!  This place has consistently good food over multiple visits to multiple locations.  They have the BEST falafels on the planet.  What I like about the Frenchman St location is that it is so unassuming from the street - it looks like some dirty windowed ethnic grocery store/cafe hybrid.  You wouldn't expect such delicious food - at such reasonable prices - til you sit down and order more food than you can eat.  Great service and fantastic products in the grocery area - spices, teas, legumes and such.  Well worth a visit and a meal or two when you are in New Orleans.This is one of my favorite lunch spots. Delicious food. Never disappoints. Staff is very friendly.  A favorite of many of my local NOLA friends as well.Ahh...Greek food in New Orleans.  It's abundant, but delicious.  And this particular one is worth the visit.  Excellent food, and pretty good prices.Everything is good and inexpensive like the other reviewers say, but I really like the Fattoush salad here. Crisp greens, good amount of tomato, olives and cucumber and the pita chips are good. The dressing is nice and lemony. they also have a little Middle Easter grocery adjacent (I think at all locations?).I love the food at Mona's.  The gyro sandwich is an excellent value, and their meat platter is delicious AND quite possible the most enormous amount of meat gathered together for $10.  I wish the service was just as stellar.  I went there twice during my last stay in New Orleans and make it a point to go there every time I visit.  The service the last time was ridiculous - a server left the bathroom and I went in and noticed that the toilet paper was out.  I asked our waitress (the only wait staff visible) if she had any toilet paper because the rest room was out.  She left, brought us our credit card receipts, and walked away.  We signed our receipts, and I flagged her again, and she came back and said that a co-worker was praying for a long time in front of the cabinet that had the toilet paper and she couldn't get any toilet paper tonight.  She then cleared our table and walked away. I think next time I'll probably get my food to-go.  If you do visit, the food comes pretty quickly and I highly recommend the rose water iced tea.We are very picky about  Mediterranean food and can easily say our food was very good! The atmosphere is very laid back but they take their cookin' seriously! Hey they have been in business for 15 years..... Guess that says it all. Our waiter was great too... Thanks Ehab!A fun little place that we passed a few times on Frenchmen street and decided on for lunch.  The Mona's sampler appetizer spread was a ton of food -- the pita was steaming when it was delivered and the falafel, grape leaves, and hummis were great.  I was almost full when the shawarma arrived, I really enjoyed it.  Service was prompt, all the tables were filled but there was no line.  Would definitely have lunch there again when in the area.  $35 for two for lunch.The food was great.  The prices were okay.  But the reason I'm giving it 3/5 stars is because of the fact that they use Styrofoam boxes for take out and delivery.  It really makes me not want to eat there, but the food is very alluring, especially since they deliver through UberEatsThe place has decent Mediterranean food. I found the portion size to be somewhat smaller than expected and the service took longer as there were too few people working when we were there (Saturday night). The plus side is that there wasn't a wait as they have many tables and a big location. Service was poor so I lowered the rating, the food is a solid 4Found this place when the Wife and I got caught eating out late on a Friday on Frenchmen St with NO reservations. I looked around and saw this spot and knew it wouldn't be what the overly hipster/southern crowd would like too eat. I was correct. 
Food and service were excellent! Eat a lot of Mediterranean back home in NY so we knew how and what to order. Authentic stuffed grape leaves (not out of a can like most places try to pass off) and Falafel made from scratch. The hummus, sauces and chicken were awesome. 
Quick story; there was a younger couple staggered in and had no idea what type of food it was. They were completely ignorant and thought it was Chinese. Their MAJOR loss.This place is a hidden gem. Friendly staff. Excellent food. Reasonably priced items. Highly reccomended.I love Mona's.
I love that I can get hot tea with mint.
I love that I can buy some Jordan Almonds to go.
I love eating lunch and/or dinner there.
If you are in New Orleans with vegetarians, Mona's is going to save you.
If you want to introduce a friend to Middle Eastern food, this is a great place to start.
Felafel, hummous, and meat are all fantastic.
Thanks, Mona's.The food is great. I frequent the Frenchman location. The best part I like is if you need a party dish they sell hummus in large tubs and pita bread by the pack in their little grocery. Perfect party food! Everybody loves it.This is yet ANOTHER place in Nola that we ended up in by chance and then left incredibly amazed and satisfied.  We had originally made our way on Frenchmen Street to go to another restaurant but when we got to that place it was totally empty so we decided to leave and find another venue.  We glimpsed at Mona's menu on their door, and since they had a handful of vegetarian options (and we both like Mediterranean food!), we decided to go in.  The service was pretty slow and it took a while for us to get menus, and then another long gap before our order was taken.  We ALMOST left to go someplace else but fortunately our server came just seconds before we got our coats on.  Thank god for that!  It was interesting how quick things turned around as soon as we placed our orders.  The food came out very fast and everything was gratifying.  I absolutely loved the dolmas, they were mouthwatering.  The baba ganush in my vegetarian platter was well-prepared, well-seasoned, and just plain yummy.  I completely cleaned my plate.  If you are looking for really good and scrumptious Mediterranean food, this place will not disappoint.We are bar hopping on Frenchmen St. and needed a quick bite..I really wanted to like this place. My husband is Middle Eastern and we love to try new places. We were at our table for 8 minutes. No one ever came to see us..just chatting it up with other co/workers. There was only one other couple there. We left, the end!Monas, I always enjoy coming here. I love how friendly the staff is, how quickly they sit you every time, I even love coming here during mardi GRAS!
It's sort of a tradition now to come and sit here during mardi gras, watching all of the crazy characters walk through the door including ourselves.  
I've never experienced roaches like some of the other reviewers and I assure if you I do I will not be returning.  ; /
Anyways, based on my experience it's a decent place to go and grab a bite for dinner!AMAZING! The best falafel you'll find outside of Bethlehem. The chicken shawarma was so we'll seasoned and juicy and tender. If I could, I'd fly the food back with me to DC. YumFast, friendly service and absolutely delicious Mediterranean food. The lamb is perfect and the meat grape leaves are the best I've had in ages.Had the Euro plate and a salad and was stuffed. It was recommended to me by a local and will definitely be returning before I leave.Ate here for lunch, had the chicken kabob and it was fabulous!  Tasted my dates lamb and it was the best I've ever had.  Our waiters name was Emmanuel, within three minutes of sitting down and talking to him we knew we were going to have great service; he was superb!  Great food and service, would recommend.I ordered the chicken shawarma tonight and had it delivered. Major food poisoning. I will never return.The food was great but the male wait staff was the worst I've ever had no personalities seem rude not happy campersComing from the Detroit area, we are spoiled with a plethora of middle eastern food choices. This place would not last anywhere within 100 miles of Detroit. 
The beef shawarma was fatty. The meat was extremely spicy. The hummus was even spicy. The desserts were even imported from Dearborn, MI. This would have to be in the bottom 2-3 of all middle eastern restaurants I have ever been to. I do not recommend.Bugs flying around everywhere. Food was not properly cooked through. Would not repeatBeware of mold!!!  
If I could give this place less than 1 Star, I would!!!!!
We used to always go to the Mona's on Carrollton, but haven't been since they closed that location.... We always loved it before, so we assumed our experience at the Frenchmen location would be just as good...
BOY!!! Were we wrong!!!!! What a mistake to eat her!!!!
Where to begin, it wasn't too busy when we came in... but busy enough for a few people to be running around.I dont remember our waitress' name.... she was blonde...friendly (when she actually came to check on us) but talking very loud and inappropriately with other coworkers, and we could hear everything that was being said!!!!! Not very professional... but  they do sit at an empty table and yap or play on their phones, so it's no fine dining establishment!
We had to wave our waitress over a few times just to get her attention. She seemed to let our order sit for awhile,because by the time we got it, it wasn't very hot. We then had to ask her for napkins,since we had none. We were going to let it all slide, until only my husband pointed out the pita chips in our soups were spotted with MOLD on them!!!!! So disgusting!!!!!
MOLD!!!!! ON OUR FOOD!!!!!!!!!
We will not be back!!!!!!!The ambiance is kind of plain and uninteresting.  It has American music and American TV on but oh well.  The food and service were great and the prices are crazy inexpensive.  Our waitress was really sweet and gave us baklava for free after we were done eating which was nice.One word: salads.  Mona's was a perfect way to get some vegetables into my husband and I in between fried fish and pork drenched green things.  It's certainly not the best Mediterranean food, but we found the vegetables fresh and plentiful.
As others have said, the service is hit or miss and generally a little slow, so go in prepared!I went there to have a cup of tea and some middle Eastern dessert, there was not alot of options and the mint and sage tea were pre made in the morning! The atmosphere was dead even the music was american! Honestly, there was not much of the middle eastren flare at all! 
I did not try the food but i dont know if what i saw would make me wana come back!Great spot for a quick lunch and some fresh Middle Eastern flavors.  With all of the hearty dining options in New Orleans, this was a great alternative.Love Monas in the Marigny.  Great place for fast, healthy Mediterranean food.  Open late, which is great or you can call and pick up which is convenient.  Hummus, falafel and tabouli are solid - recommend the chicken shawarma for walking and eating.Great experience! Delicious Middle Eastern food and a lot of food is served! Bottomless pita bread was on point!Mona's was recommended to me by a couple locals I met back in Chicago. I was so focused on where to get poboys but these guys insisted, so we went.
It's a really cute place on Frenchman, attached to their middle eastern store which is a great way for them to bulk up business. 
We loved our server, oscar. Honestly he probably gave us the best service we had during our whole stay in New Orleans.
We got the veggie grape leaves and a little meat pie to start. 
I love grape leaves so I was super happy. They give you this thick yogurt sauce that was really good too. 
Then we split the half and half plate, with chicken shawarma and gyro meat. They give you the warm pita and you fill it yourself with the salad and meats. It was so good. I love being able to control my portions. The lamb/beef gyro meat was so good! I really hope they make it in house. Flavor was great. The shawarma was flavorful and yummy too. Really enjoyed this place, and glad to see it was pretty busy.Nichole is an excellent server. She made stellar reccommendations and handled our special requests with ease and grace even when she had several other tables. Food is great. I love the gyro and the chicken. Fried cheese is to die for and the baklava is great. Be sure to try the Lebanese tea!Great food and service I LOVE THIS PLACE.The shrimp is amazing!.The food just pops in your mouth and it's such a relaxing place.The Monas special it a must try if you want to fill up to people with the best appetizers they offer(in my opinion).Monas café gives the best Mediterranean cuisine has to offer :DAs always, this place is amazing. I have never had better Mediterranean food anywhere in the US. Really I would eat here every day and considering the great food that can be found in NOLA, this is praise at its highest.After a tired day of traveling,  we wanted something light and healthy. We chose Mona's because of the location to us and the menu. My husband had the meat pie to start. It had a nice crust and meat was seasoned wonderfully.  We then shared the lulu kabobs with salad, hummus and pita. Everything was fresh and flavorful. Can't go wrong with Mona's!Excellent chicken shwarma, falafel, salads, pita bread, etc. This is our favorite go to place !!Quand j'étais en Nouvelle-Orléans c'était avec des amis très pauvres et trouvé des options bouffe dans le French quarters qui sont en bas 10$ pour un repas a 9-10pm. Tout un défi. En voyant les reviews de Yelp et que le jour d'avant nous avions manger une bouffe arabe de Memphis plutôt médiocre pour les standards Montréalais et j'oserais même dire européens (pour en avoir manger partout en Europe).  Mona Café est un restaurant familial mêlé à une épicerie de produits du Moyen-Orient. Notre serveuse était très efficace, et travaillait seule l'autre employé ne faisait rien et laissait les choses se dégénéré. Très bon repos, beaucoup mieux que Memphis et vraiment très bon service malgré les méandres mélodramatique.I love the food at this restaurant. It is casual, not fancy. Like a neighborhood place. And the food is great. Also try the iced tea with rosewater and pine nuts. 
They have a small grocery too. Good place to buy lane and Jordan almonds, among other yummy things.This place was so good! My bf ordered a gyro and I had the vegetable dolmas plate. The portion size was huge (in a good way)! My meal came with a fresh salad, about 6-7 dolmas, and really good humus and pita. We left full and happy. It was nice to take a break and enjoy our dinner here.delicious gyro & tabouli!! wonderful service !! ask for frankie h. he knows how to take care of you and want you to come back !What a great Mediterranean gem in New Orleans. We did the Mona's Special for a late night snack and wow was it good. Falafel,  hummus, baba ganesh and more. Some of the best I have had anywhere. This is a great hidden gem!Loved this place.  Too bad we are just typical tourists searching for the perfect cajun/creole food..
Had the grape leaves and the fava beans. Both outstanding!Good falafel wrap but more so pleased with their grocery supply of specialized Middle Eastern and Mediterranean sauces and cooking essentials.Yum! The best falafel I've had in a while and some good humous. Really tasty kibby too as was everything else that we got in a very filling selection of starters. 
Service was pleasant and quick and the shop stocks some good middle eastern treats.
Lots of space and free wifi which is always handy for check ins and such.
Try it!
c*I always like trying something new. This place hit the spot, you wouldn't think from the outside it's a little place to eat but you walk in and are surprise. The food was fantastic and the atmosphere was amazing.If you're looking for good quality eats on the lighter side, this is the place. It's not a fortune like most places to eat in Nola and it's good quality, delicious middle eastern food! The chicken salad and falafel plate are yummy and you have to try the Lebanese tea! It's delicious!!! And it's right on Frenchman St. So you can't go wrong. Don't let the decor fool you!So. Good. Ignore. All. Other. Reviews. Eat. Here. Now.  Really, we had Dolmas, gyros and spinach pies. Everything was better than other restaurants. Eat here.Good food but the service is a little neglectful. I will come again as the hummus is excellent!Pretty good stuff.  Had my first Lebanese iced tea, which I am still not sure I like.  The rose water and pine nuts combo was not something I expected.
The hummus was quite tasty.  I got the half shwarma, half gyro plate and it was totally passable.  
My friends brought me their special spice mix after a trip here a few years ago and I add it to a lot of the meat dishes I make.  It adds a great depth of flavor that is so impressive.  Please pick some up while you're there!MMMMMMM........ 
This place is one of my personal favorites to tuck in and have a good full belly of yummy deliciousness. The red lentil soup has recently become a staple for me. I love the lamb chops, babaganoush, tabbouleh, and kibby. My kids beg me to get more food from this place. The small grocery area attached has the cheapest spices in the city. 
Great service, people here aim to please. Get the mango juice to drink.Great food and service.  Excellent vegetarian options lentil soup and platters etc.  Great gyro and I mean great for the meat eaters.I've been to this Mona's several times, once I finally figured out it was there. (Not sure why, but the door/signage is inconspicuous; I literally had no idea this place existed for years and years.) It's always quiet, never crowded, and therefore a convenient place to go for a quick bite. 
The hummus is good, the lentil soup is pretty awesome, and they've got a miniature version of the huge store that's part of the original location on Banks Street. You can buy stuff like a pint of jordan almonds (which I can eat in a matter of days, they're awesome) and random European items like Kinder eggs (which I believe are from Germany).  
Located in the middle of the Frenchmen Street hubbub, it's easy to walk by Mona's without even realizing it's there. Once you walk in, though, it's surprisingly large and makes you feel like you've been transported to, I don't know, somewhere other than Frenchmen Street. Which could be a good or a bad thing depending on your mood, I guess.Best gyros I've had in new Orleans. Small quaint restaurant in the French quarter with a little shop attached to it. I got the gyros to go and after sharing them with friends we went back the next day for lunch.Just got back from another great lunch at Mona's.  Whether I want to share a long meal with friends and family, have a light lunch, or just coffee and a dessert treat, Mona's has been a favorite for a long time. The tabbouleh salad is fresh and tasty and the lentil soup is piping hot. My standby, though, is the eggplant sandwich.  It's rather large for a sandwich and very filling.  The waitstaff today were very sweet to me and very attentive.   The jordan almonds with the bill also are always a welcome touch!Mona's is pretty good. If you are familiar with really good Middle Eastern food, you will not be particularly impressed. The pita is not very good, very unclear what's made in house and what comes from Sysco. That said, the service is great, you get what you pay for, and between bands on Frenchmen it really hits the spot. My advice, stick to the kebobs, leave the Gyro alone, and don't bother with the meat pies. And be sure to check out the products they sell in the little mini-market as you probably won't see any of them anywhere else in town.After stumbling in and out of a few other restaurants on Frenchman, including Praline Connection, we continued on our journey for a truly vegetarian meal. We ended up at Mona's. At the start, when we walked in--it was a large open space with smiling faces to greet us at the door. The menu was filled with veggie options. We ordered two spinach pies and a hummus and fallafal plate. When we got the food, suddenly I remembered eating there many years ago when I lived in New Orleans as a teenager. The pitas and spinach pies were fresh, made there. And the fallafal was actually hot and crunchy on the outside...I knew they had made this there, too. The hummus was delicious and so was the green chili pepper they put at the center of the hummus. After a radically disappointing experience with vegetarian sandwiches at a chain shop the day before where we actually went hungry that whole day--Mona's was just what we needed. Service was wonderful, and there is nothing I could say negative about the experience. Thanks for taking care of us, Mona's!!!All I can say is...YUM. This was my first time having Mediterranean food outside of a Gyro. The lamb was so delicious and tender and tzatziki was nice and creamy with a slight sweetness to it. What really got me was the Lebanese tea. Had a floral and jasmine taste to it that was amazing. Great stop in NOLA.Had Mona's delivered to a bar last night when their kitchen was overwhelmed with orders. Ordered two entrées and two appetizers. All were wonderful and delivered in a timely manner for the price.I have been here a few times-----always enjoy the food, service is relaxed and efficient, and the prices are on point. My one and only gripe is with the bathroom.....specifically the men's' room. Its filthy....disgustingly filthy! There's graffiti on those walls that's been there for years. 
I always try not to think of how bad the rest of the place might be. 
 I firmly believe a restroom is a pretty good indication of how clean a kitchen is in any restaurant.
This restaurant begs the question: is a filthy restroom enough to ruin the entire experience, regardless of how good the food may seem ?This place has the worst customer service. Our waitress, who I don't remember her name was so rude. She behaved so badly. When I was asking question about menu, she was rolling her eyes, can you believe this? When we asked for check, it took her 1 hour to split the checks ( we had asked for separate checks for every couple). After 1 hour, she was blaming us because we asked for split checks! 
After being disappointed of our waitress who can not even do a simple math,  we asked for the manager, and he was unbelievably RUDE too.
 Since we waited 1hour just for the check, our parking were expired and we had to pay for parking tickets as well. I won't go back to this place, and suggest everyone not to.Cool place for middle eastern food. They have good mint tea. We had the Hummus, babaganoush, grape leaves, falafel and lamb kebab. Everything was tasty. Worth checking outOne word HORRIBLE!!!
As locals we are always looking for a new place to eat. Found this place and seeing it was pretty affordable, decided to give it a try.
The waitress was very sweet and attentive, but the food was horrible. 
We ordered the falafel appetizer and 2 sandwiches. Falafel tasted a little burnt, but ok. The sandwiches were pathetic. there were maybe 3 pieces of meat in them and barely any vegs. The flavor was mediocre and not much flavor. We ended up having to order another appetizer to fill us up.
The kicker.... while we were eating my husband saw a rat run up a pipe in the kitchen. We told the waitress and got a half assed sorry and she walked away.  No manager came to the table to apologize or order any type of discount. In fact they kept looking at us, but never approached the table.
I will never go back and will be sure to advise anyone thinking of going to stay away.My husband and I came here just to try something different. Very happy with the choice. We ordered the Lamb shank very good and tasty. I was unable to finish it. My husband had no problem finishing it lol.Great prices, great food. Their tabouli is swoon-worthy and I love the touch of spicy pepper with which they top their hummus. Foul is wonderful. We've never gone wrong with their specials either. Best prices in NOLA, along with Felipe's Taqueria.Recently moved within a few blocks of Mona's and had noticed them walking down Frenchmen Street. Great food in a really nice space. The dining room is bright and spacious and it's nice that there is space between the tables so you don't feel like other diners are right on top of you while you're eating. The little shop is a cute touch and has some interesting items.
Gentleman at the register was polite and my wait was all of five minutes if that for take-out. Gyros was delicious as were the stuffed grape leaves (dolmas), one of my favorite Middle eastern dishes. 
Can't say enough good things about Mona's Cafe' and can't wait to go back again.Mona's was great! Being that I had never had Mediterranean food I didn't really know what to expect but mona didn't disappoint. The food was good and very flavorful and the hummus was great. I will definitely be coming back.Delicious food and amazing service. My waiter was Emmanuel and he is probably the best server I have ever had. So, detailed, organized, refilled my water every chance he could and anticipated guest needs. :) highly recommend this placeMona's is the eternal conundrum of completely mediocre, but way too convenient to my life to not run in to every couple of months. I can't speak much to the meat options as I'm a vegetarian (I have heard the shawarma is good), but their falafels are dry and coarse, and their sides are unexceptional. I think my coworker sums it up best:
"Mona's is like my ex-boyfriend when I was 22. I thought it would be a great idea to have sex with him after we broke up...every couple of months I'd get excited about it, but then when it happened it was mediocre and I felt bad about myself afterward. Mona's is my food ex-boyfriend."
That about captures my experiences.Mona's Cafe is a Frenchmen Street food find that is good for a quick bite to eat before walking to one of the music venues up the street. This is a combination cafe and small grocery store on Frenchmen and I wanted to eat something light this evening. I ordered grape leaves appetizer and a beef kabob sandwich and the food hit the spot. Service was friendly and efficient and I made it out the door for about $10 plus tip.We dropped in for lunch yesterday and had one of the best experiences that we've had while in New Orleans. The food was delicious, the prices were fair and the service was fantastic. The coffee machine wasn't working so the waiter left the restaurant, walked down the street and brought us coffee from another place. Wow! As we were leaving we asked him for directions and he said, follow me. He then headed down the street to point us in the right direction and give us advice on where to go and what to do. Wow!Food was excellent; service was not real quick but when food was ready, it came out real quick. maybe it was a parade night. maybe it was a full house at all points from afternoon until nightfall. just maybe! 
Food: I love how much of Mediterranean
 and Middle Eastern spices and culture came along in our food tonight. Grape leaves with meat inside were totally "off-the-chain"!!!! 
Red Lentil Soup just kept me warm all night. 
Finally, the main course was this combination kebab (lamb/ beef/ chicken). because it came as a dinner entree, my
friend and I got to share a salad (yummy and light vinaigrette) and hummus with pita bread. We tried this thing where we carefully opened up the pita bread, spread a little bit of hummus in it, and grabbed your choice of meat to create this kebab roll. I would totally recommend trying this out cuz the pita bread and hummus helped balance any of your meat choices. 
Mona's cafe serves this very delicious Lebanese tea over ice. It had these edible and soft seeds in them that gave you something to kinda play with while you wait for your food to arrive. 
Thanks Mona's Cafe on Frenchman Street!Overall, this place was a decent place for a bite that was a change of pace for the creole, Cajun, and American food that permeates New Orleans dining. Although the majority of the food that we ordered that was quite good, the lamb especially... much of the chicken we ordered was over cooked/dry. I would be willing to give this place four stars, but can only give three because our server was stoned off of his ass and gave slow, poor service.First time to this location but just as good as their other locations.  Ducked in for a quick bite before watching the Krewe Du Vieux parade.  Hubs had grilled chicken greek salad and i had falafel plate.  Service was friendly and great as are the prices.  Check it out if in that hood.I've been to Mona's twice on two different trips. To get there, just walk all the way on Decatur away from Canal street until Decatur runs into Frenchman (My GPS was thoroughly confused.) The first time was with a group, and we sampled a variety of food.  The second time was just myself and a friend, and we split the sampler appetizer.  Both times I enjoyed the food, but the second time was a true experience.  Our server was wonderful and offered to take our photo.  She was able to chat a while about food and travel.  It was a lot of fun on top of the food being really tasty.
I love the building.  The restaurant is open and shares space with a grocery store that sells really good halvah.    I took photos of the bathroom.  If there's one thing consistent in the French Quarter, it's that the bathrooms are works of art.Nice little hole-in-the wall Mediterranean Cafe.  
I had they Gyro ($5). It was enough food for a lunch meal and tasted fantastic. However, they did serve it on a plate (made for a teacup) that was about half the size of my gyro so when I picked it up some of my meat fell all over the table, and not on my plate, so I had to throw it out. 
They do have a small market area, although it seems like they have a lot of extra room to add more inventory. 
The service was good, although I originally wanted to order dessert but the waitress brought me my check without asking so I didn't even bother.I do not like writing one star reviews. As a business owner, I know how it can hurt.  But as someone that has been going to different Mona's restaurants sinced the first little Cafe opened on Banks St about 20 years ago I was upset at the way I was recently treated. They lost me as a customer a few weeks ago. I have met the owners and know they are good people. They are very successful and I am sure my review will not hurt them. I hope they will address the problem they have. 
I had my family in from out of town and I took them here for dinner. We sat at the table while different people on the staff walked around and looked at us without smiling or letting us know they were coming. A couple of them were on the phone with their friends and tje rest were fairly idle. The place was busy but only about half full. It just looked like no one here was actually working. We were never acknowledged. After 25 minutes of sitting here we walked out in disgust and went to the elsewhere, where the minute we walked in we were greeted with a smile. 
Maybe it is a sign of success and complacency. It seems they are not putting the effort into their restaurants like they should anymore.  I do not like being taken for granted. Besides, if they are so inexcusably careless in the front room it makes you wonder what is going on in the kitchen. Also, a this place handles a lot of tourists. We need to show people we are friendly and service -oriented.I'll give it a star for the mint tea & ok service, but my Gyro was the least filled I've ever had and came with no tzatziki sauce!I went in here a few days ago after wandering on Frenchmen. This is a great place to eat! The portions are rather hefty so be ready to share. I will be returning for their msabaha before I leave town! They did take some time - but this is what you WANT if you desire fresh food - be patient because it is worth the wait. A very friendly waitress as well. Check it out. You won't be disappointed.Stopped here on recommendation for a gyro sandwich which was ok. The meat was good but not enough, they don't use the greek yogurt and cucumber sauce called zatsiki that I like. i think they use some sauce made of hummus. The plate food though does look very appetizing. The gyro is much cheaper than Ali baba in the quarters but nowhere near the quality or size. Plus they take a long time to fill your order. Dine in only looks like the best way to go.We needed the check to be splitted 6 ways and it took them 1 hour to do that. After 3 unsuccessful tries, not even the waitress apologize for her mistake, she was arrogant and rude. When we saw the manager, he was the rudest person I've ever seen. We left there angry and will never go back.This is a great spot if you want to eat healthy and if vegetarian/vegan. Great Mediterranean food. I get the veggie plate and greek salad is to die for.Not the best food or service I've ever.  Their location on Bank street is MUCH better.My girl friend and I ate here for the first time after walking by so many times. SHAME ON US!! The food was delicious,prices were very fair,service was very good and friendly,the establishment clean.  Some tourists have found the place but not like in the Quarter. 
I had the fried kibby: loaves made with cracked wheat and ground beef crush,stuffed with spiced ground lamb,onions and pine nuts. Hummus to dip it in. MMMMM!!
My girl friend had the half and half: chicken shawarma and lamb. Hummus to dip it in. MMMM!!
We both had their salad and it was very fresh. On the side we were given pita bread.
To drink we tried the Lebanese tea,iced. It has the scent of roses and the taste too!! Pine nuts were drizzled in with it. Very different but tasty.
For desert we had the burma,it's shredded wheat in a roll stuffed with pistachios and honey. I couldn't eat enough it was soooo good.
If you want great food at a fair price away from the crowds of the French Quarter than this is one place you should give a try. It's also just steps away from some great entertainment places.
As Arnold says: "I'll be back" !!!Mona's is a great spot when you're craving Mediterranean or even for just a quick lunch break! We shared the hummus with whole chick peas and loved it. The menu states there's pepper in it but we didn't notice the heat at all.  
The falafel was crispy on the outside and had the perfect balance of spices on the inside.  I've eaten falafel at a lot of restaurants (including in Israel) and have deemed Mona's my favorite! 
The shawarma wrap was also an excellent pick.  I'll be back again soon once I move down to New Orleans and plan on trying many other dishes off the menu.Mediterranean food at its best in New Orleans- great variety of vegetarian dishes, sumptuous, right value for the price
Also has local collection of chocolates, sweets and other refreshments from Lebanon very entertaining!This place was awesome. Such a breath of fresh air from all the seafood and places that are exactly the same. We had the Falafel and vegetarian platter, everything was so tasty! Great for vegetarians and vegans, really fast / quality service. Would definitely come back!We stumbled on Monas after arriving hungry in New Orleans. This is definitely the place to take your vegan spouse. She enjoyed the stuffed grapeleaves and I dined on beef shawarma . Real pita, great hummus and a light salad accompanied our entrees. Too bad our stay in NOLA will be too short to explore the menu. If we lived here this restaurant would be in the regular rotation!The place from the outside is fairly unassuming, but the food is really quite good. You get pita bread and salad with your meal, the salad is fresh and there's a decent amount of pita as well. Had the beef and hummus, was quite nice, good portion size. I haven't seen any other middle eastern restaurants in New Orleans in the past two weeks since I've been here, and it was a nice change from typical New Orleans food, which is still delicious though. 
Overall, decent price, good proximity to bars on Frenchmen and good portion size means this place is worth the visit.Relaxing, very casual atmosphere. Only non-live music eating establishment on Frenchman Street, which we liked. Food was excellent and plentiful. The Beef Shawarma and Lamb Kabobs had excellent flavor.I try to go here for at least the lamb and hummus plate (which runs you about $13 and comes with a salad and pita) every time I'm in town. Though the atmosphere is grungy and the wait service is okay, the food makes up for it. For a restaurant sitting on the edge of the Quarter it seems to see a considerable amount of traffic at most times of the day.
There's also a grocery affixed to it if you're interested in purchasing any Mediterranean food. The one interesting thing related to this that I noticed is that they carry a powdered mango juice. The restaurant itself serves it, which leads me to wonder if they use the same powdered form...They have the worst customer service and apparently they don't know how they should talk to their customers. The waitress was rude and when we asked for the manager he was unbelievably rude!! Someone should teach them how to deal with a customer! They might be able to handle you if you're a group of two but more than that they will screw!! Don't ruin your lovely day by going to this restaurant, the food doesn't worth it!!!After taking a bite of the pathetic gyro I received, I found a disgusting black hair in it. What a waste of money. I also got the zater bread, which tasted old and stale--it honestly tasted like cardboard. The baba ganouj tasted sour and old as well. 
Bottom line...
Save your money and go somewhere else. 
They don't deserve any stars.I liked the veggie combo plate. Excellent babaganoush, tabouli, and spicy green chili relish. Wife had the chicken kebabs which were ok, but were not really kebabs as in charbroiled meat on a stick. This was more like sauteed chicken chunks. Still, it was nice having food that had some vitamins in it, rather than the usual fried foods in NOLA.I stopped here for lunch on a Thursday while exploring Marigny on foot.  The chicken shawarma was fantastic, maybe the best I've ever had (and I've a had a lot - I absolutely love Middle Eastern food, it's probably my go-to after Mexican).  The portions were really generous for the price, and the service was great.  I didn't anticipate finding fantastic Lebanese food in New Orleans - glad I stumbled on this placeDepending on the waitress, I would rank it 3-4 stars. A good waitstaff is important, even here in NOLA.
I like Mona's. It was one of the places I missed when I moved away for a while. I've had that style of food all over the world and I still like Mona's a lot.
The falafels are how I wish I could do mine and their hummus is just about the most creamy I've ever had. 
The only thing I'm not a fan of is the younger waitstaff. Out waitress had to be called for three times during our time there because she was sitting at a table talking. Once we had to ask another waitress for help. But they are all nice and the food is good and the neighborhood is fun. 
And the lula kabob plate for $10.95 was more than I could comfortable eat at one sitting.
Throw in those amazing falafels and it's all good...except for that darned waitress.Was walking along Frenchman street and thought I'd check it out since I'm a huge fan of Middle Eastern food.
It's a very casual place and I wasn't sure what to expect. Boy was I in for a surprise.
I had the meza platter, falafel, hummus, babaganouch, tabouli. Everything was delicious.  The pita bread was nothing special and I wish that the platter had included olives and pickles.
I will definitely go back if I'm ever in New Orleans again.Mona's is a great little place to get your vegetarian fix. Food is fresh and quick to come out. Service is attentive and easy going. Had the felafel and rice/veggie platter. Felafel was freshly made, humous was tasty, rice was yum and veggies were cooked to perfection. Great value in New Orleans located right next to all the cool music venues on Frenchman stReally liked the Chicken Lula and Saffron Rice. The Chicken Lula entrée comes with humus, pita and salad. Saffron Rice with hint of Sumac tastes as good as the best I can remember. Everything was freshly prepared and hot. Overall the best mediterrarian in New Orleans.Excellent overall. Relaxed atmosphere. Great food. They split checks, unlike most places in the city. Friendly staff.Interesting place! Nice change from the all fried and greasy food down here. Everything was fresh and the service was great and knowledgeable!
Will return! I need to get that FTG (Fallafel to Go) at 1 am tho!Great food, excellent service, reasonable price.
I love the chicken tekco ( I might spell it wrong), Lebanese tea and meat grape leaves!This place is so great!!!! The food is excellent and the waiter, Manny, provided possibly the best service I have ever experienced. He changed our order when we found on of the salads too salty and made sure we were satisfied with everything. As for the food, we were all extremely satisfied and found it to be very light (you don't want to eat anything heavy in NOLA because you will be walking most of the time). ABSOLUTELY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE.This simple & unassuming cafe is a great spot for vegetarians and healthy eaters in Nola. Alongside the swinging bars on Frenchman's, duck into Mona's for a quiet, fresh & authentic MidEast/Lebanese meal. The humus is among the best I've ever had. The soups are delish. Kabobs are outlandish. Avoid the spinach pie, it's flavorless. The service was friendly and attentive, treated us like family. Cute little market too. Yummy!Mona's is a community fixture and I hope they're always around. It's funny how you write reviews for places you eat once or twice and somehow skip the ones you eat at constantly. I've been eating Mona's about once a week for a decade. That should tell you a lot. 
Their service is consistently good (not amazing, but good). Great prices on everything. Delivery is ALWAYS within 30-40 minutes max. 
The food? Their hummus is fantastic. Add an order of garnish and make little pita sandwiches out of it. Their beef shawarma is a staple in my diet. Try the fried cheese and crispy falafel or a mini pizza. Add a Lebanese iced tea. For desert? I recommend a piece of Burma.  Yes, I've had just about everything on the menu.  On your way out, support them by grabbing a few items from their mini grocery. 
Note: Most importantly, Mona's has established themselves as a central hub of the community and I think that's an important reason to support their business. If you stopped in looking for gourmet Middle Eastern food, you probably won't be satisfied. This is home cooking, a casual spot to hang with friends, or a luxurious treat when you're short on cash for the week.Delicious veggie stuffed grape leaves with fresh yogurt. Lula Kabob entree is so mmmeth. Our food was brought out quickly.I wish there was an option to give 0 stars because even 1 star is too much. The staff, from the waitress to the manager were very rude. Being middle-eastern, I am ashamed of the example their comments and customer service sends to the public. The only positive note was that the food was okay and the portion sizes were good. However, only order food to go or try another Mediterranean restaurant.Came here from local's recommendation. Very good quality food with great taste, huge portion and friendly service. My hubby got the falafel platter and i got beef shawarma platter. Both come with fresh salad, hummus and pita bread. Yummy!Arrived just before closing. The waitress gave me a free beer and good advice. The food arrived very quickly.
Filling, affordable and friendly.Went with two friends and ordered the "Mona's Special" appetizer, which was enough to feed two of us (My other friend ordered something else I cannot remember).  Everything was very tasty. Mona's special consists of hummus, baba ganuj, stuffed grape leaves, tabouli, falafel, kibby and lebna (I had them onto the kibby as I am a vegetarian). 
Everything was very tasty, I have no complaints. 
The place was unexciting to the eye. Its nothing to look at. Its a little further down from the more touristy part of the French Quarter, which is reflected in its very reasonable prices.I went with my dad who's from the Middle East.  We would never have expected to find great Lebanese food on our trip to New Orleans, but we loved it. The falafel was amazing and had a great flavor. The hummus was like something we could get from home, so good.  We also had the combination kebab plate and chicken shawarma sandwich. I could recommend them all. We weren't disappointed by the recommendations.great authentic mediterranean. the best you can find in new orleans! only downside is its usually overrun by hippies:(Worst food ever! If you are looking for a junk food and rude staff and waste your time and money, I surely recommend Mona's Cafe! That kabob tasted like literal crap! Just ask for a poop kabob!Seems overly preoccupied with delivery over in-house service. Food is fine. Refreshing to see a world cuisine in New Orleans but lackluster overall. Bathroom is that of a dive bar rather than what you expect from a sit-down restaurant. I'd give it 2 stars if I weren't so relieved to find a reasonably healthy, vegetarian option so close to the Vieux Carre.This is a hidden gem. The lamb shish kabob plate is consistently excellent. Sub the salad for tabouleh and you won't be sorry. Great location, no frills atmosphere. So yummy.My sister loves this place!!! Me not so much, but it ain't bad. I don't know if you could actually get authentic middle easter food in New Orleans, haven't looked around, although I know there is a small Palestinian contingency, so i would hope there is better falafel than at Mona's. I did like the fries, and the staff, as almost always in NOLA, were wonderful. Definitely not trying to knock this neighborhood classic, but I don't think it can hold up to my NYC palette. Service was a little slow the day we went, but hey, it's the Big Easy, everything should be at that pace, no!?We just killed the chicken kebab with rice as an alternative to hummus, and a salad with their homemade dressing. The dressing was so good we got some on the side and want to bring some home, hands down the best dressing I've ever had. The chicken was perfect, tender, flavorful, perfect! The rice was great, not dried out. We also came at the end of the day and the pita bread was warm and amazing. We're coming back tomorrow to try more off their menu. The staff is also incredibly friendly. Absolutely awesome experience.Says they were open online (for another hour) and they never called. I finally did and they said "ignore the order" we are closed now. I asked the guy to cancel it so I have easily get the refund and yelp credit back. I'm still fighting to get it back :( not fairOur hummus was really good, the lentil soup was ok it needed salt (and they forgot to add the mint/olive oil topping which boosts the flavor), the falafels have gluten in them so I sadly could not try them. What was weird to me was the dolmas were heated up? I am Middle Eastern and I have never heard of such a thing, strange but OK. 
I had to take off a star because the whole place needs a deep cleaning, the bathroom appeared to have rat poop on the floor and there is a light grime in the dining area that made me less hungry.Worst experience ever! I was at this place with a group of my friends (total 12 ppl). Our waitress was the rudest waitress I've ever seen...we asked for split checks (for each couple), she was as slow as a sloth, and ended up with huge mistakes each time that she brought the checks. We waited like more than 1 hr until she figured out she can't handle the business. We asked for the manager, he was even worse! The guy was literally blaming us because we were a big party that they lacked the intelligence to handle.
Don't repeat our mistake and waste your precious time in such places...plenty of nice choices to enjoy time with your family and friends.Mona's is a great place to get your Middle Eastern fix. Yummy hummus. Some very good vegetarian options. Comfy atmosphere where the waitstaff don't rush you to get out. The chicken shwarma, my favorite, could be a little jucier and more tender, but it's ok. Good location too.The food is awesome.
The service is confused AND confusing -where do I sit? Should I seat myself? Which one of the servers is my server? Do I pay my check at the table, or ask for it at the attached mini-mart? None of these questions were really answered adequately, but sufficed to say that I sat myself and, after 10 minutes without the promised menu or glass of water, undertook a lengthy phone conversation until someone did wait on me. 
Again, the food is really good! Fresh flavors, well-seasoned, adequately portioned, and with pricing that reflects local, rather than tourist-y, establishments. 
Well on the beaten path but far from the standard fare of Frenchmen St., Mona's is a great place to grab a lighter meal - just plan on being very confused about the dining process, or giving over to playing a game of make-your-own adventure.Like others, I had high hopes for this place.   I was around Frenchman street one afternoon and then decided to take a break from seafood and I really enjoy Mediterranean food.  
I was pretty disappointed on many levels.   First the food was ok, but nothing to write home about. The service was somewhat lackluster and I was one of the only people in the restaurant.  
I had the gyro sandwich with rice.  The taste was lackluster and somewhat bland.  The rice was rice and again didn't have much flavor.  
I probably would not go back.Great vegan options, the falafel plate being one of them. I have always loved Mona's & I always will. I don't eat much fried food but on very rare occasions still do & the falafel plate is one of my go-tos. Mood lifting, happiness inducing falafels dipped in their slightly spicy hummus. Joy.I went to the "deli" or grocery - not a great selection. I meant to go to the one on Bank. VERY nice store and great food there too.I've been going to Mona's on and off for years and while I don't think they have always been consistent I feel like they are pretty decent even at their low points. My latest visit had me trying their hummus, the veggie platter and the falafel. All of it was good; the hummus leaving the best impression on me. 
It can get insanely busy at times and the service isn't their strong point, so while I'll definitely go back and keep trying my luck with them, I'll probably only do it if it looks like I wouldn't have to wait for long.Great middle eastern food with friendly service! The chicken shawarma is really good and there's plenty on the menu to choose from.We had driven almost 8 hours in from Houston and were pretty starved by the time we got to New Orleans. We walked up and down trying to find a place to eat after the place I had originally chosen was reservations only, boo. So we found Monas and according to food encyclopedia(YELP) it was almost 5 stars I was like, ok let's just eat here. 
I LOVE greek Mediterranean food! LOVE! So my standards are high especially when it comes to hummus and pita bread! I ordered the vegetarian plate and when they brought out our food the pita bread was thin and prepackaged and warmed up, another boo. Back in Houston our greek place serves fresh baked pita bread. The hummus was pretty good but not great. My husband liked his food but it wasn't earth shakingly good. So we sit and finish our meal and we are chatting away when I see a huge rat scurry around the corner and crawl into a hole. 
I'm sitting there in shock and I tell my husband what I just saw. It was so big it might as well have been a possum! Then I was trying to be understanding and say to myself well this is New Orleans, it's old here, these buildings are historic blah blah. But then I'm like wait, this is America, there is no excuse to have rats crawling around In your restaurant. So my review of this place is I'm never going back there ever again.Hummus and falafel win again! Definitely a nice stop for a snack on Frenchmen. My friends and I split the veggie platter and it took a mere minute to get it ready for us. The only downfall was the tabbouleh that seemed to be just straight chopped parsley.
Mostly impressed with their grocery of Middle Eastern and Mediterranean staples. Ajvar and nar sauce?! Say what?!very salty grape leaves. stingy lamb kebab. sweet dressing on the salad. the platter was not a good value.Service was friendly. Pleasantly surprised that they also had a small store inside the restaurant. Tried the hummus and it was delicious, very smooth and flavorful. Would come back and recommend!Mona's is just fantastic wherever you are in NOLA!i've been eating here at least twice a month for years.  the food is great, prices are good, but service is a little slow.  i really don't mind the slow service though, it leaves a little time to thumb through a gambit magazine.
my favorites are: the hummus - very garlicky and lemony.
                            the falafel sandwich with a little chili paste added to it.
                            the eggplant sandwich - so good!
                            spinach pie (spanakopita).
it's a nice place to go when you have a group mixed with meat eaters and vegetarians.  they have plenty for both. 
good stuff.If I could give this place no stars I would. Simply because their service sucks. They had three servers and only four tables yet they couldn't give me a simple coffee within less than 10 minutes. I worked in the service industry, this place is disgusting when it comes to their service.My friend got the falafel sandwich and maybe she rated it a bit hard because she lived in Morocco for 4 months but she said it was just okay (def wasnt the best falafel she has ever had).
I got the beef shawarma sandwich. Beef was cooked nicely. The sauce was a little runnier than I'd liked and tasted a bit grainy, and the naan they used to wrap the sandwich was a bit hard - but other than that I liked it! 
Also grest location and fast service.The staff takes up a table in the dining room where they relax and chat between serving customers.  That pretty much sums up the experience.  Average all the way around.  The Soup was pretty good.  The chicken shawarma was average at best.  Usually the Yelp reviews match my experience but not here.Service: friendly, attentive, fast 
Food: delicious, well seasoned, generous 
Ambiance: medium volume music in background, silent TV showing football. 
Decor: simple, basic cafe, nothing fancy 
Hospitality above and beyond:  we stepped in and were the first guests.  We asked if they were open and the server hesitated and politely replied yes.  I later learned they served us before opening time when I looked them up on yelp.  I know this may seem simple to some, but I have been asked to wait outside if I was 5 minutes early at other venues.Mona's is my favorite middle eastern cuisine in the city. The other locations are great but I swear by the Frenchmen location. The servers are very attentive and always ask if I'd like a refill on my delicious lebanese tea. Tried their spinach pie last time and wondered why it had taken me so long -delicious! their gyro plate is my go-to and the appetizer sampler is to die for. Best tabouli salad in the city and i always go for the fried cheese on birthdays. Can't beat their baklava either!What a find! On the musical Frenchman street we stumbled into this little cafe. It was a Tuesday night and there were only a handful of people but all local. We knew there was something special about this place. The food was spectacular. The falafals fresh and perfect. Among the pizza and heavy dining... This is refreshing.  We will be back!Coming off a cruise ship and stuffing our faces with great food from LA, I was ready for a quick change up.   I spotted this place walking down Frenchman and was ecstatic!  Although we didn't eat terribly on the ship and didn't overdo the po boys, I was looking for something I hadn't had in a while and this worked out great.  However, in my mind I just wanted a whole baklava to go and they happened to be out - sad face.
We had the works - hummus, kebabs, salad, gyro meat, falafel etc., etc.  Although they were near closing and busy, the service was great.  The portions are huge, and everything was seasoned well.  The falafel was a bit overdone, but we managed to work around it.
They have a small store inside as well and that's where I went looking for my cherished baklava.  But I was too late - they sold out.  I did get a small piece from the back though, however, I am used to it being slightly warm when served and they served it cold.  Oh well.....BEST SHAWARMA I have ever had. I wish I had found this place sooner. We are going back everyday until we leave. 
If you love shawarma's you have to come here!love coming here. staff is super nice and the meat and spinach pies are the bomb! lamb plate w hummus and pita bread is also a favorite. you're crazy if you haven't had their Lebanese tea.First of all, I'm so upset that There's no zero star option! Second of all, I wonder why this place has received such great reviews! The customer service was terrible. Allegedly the waitress had no experience handling big parties (even though she acted like she was writing down the orders for each couple, she ended up screwing the checks 3 times and guess what! In the end we were guilty for being a big group!!). snail's pace aside, it's beyond the words how rude she was. She literally threw the checks to our faces the 3rd time (no need to say that the bills were messed up again! Funny!) talking to manager was not a better experience. He was rude and kind of racist (to whom?!! Us Middle Easterns!! ridiculous!) the food was not bad though. However, if you order a shawarma sandwich, you kill two birds with one stone! Half beef sandwich and half salad and pita!!!!I was impressed. I love Middle Eastern-style fare, and everything we ordered was great. I had a really fresh and clean "Arabic salad" with tomatoes, good olive oil, and parsley...a great palate cleanser to my gyro plate and order of lamb kabobs I shared with my sister. Everything was well-seasoned and came out pretty fast, which was great considering we were en-route to the Airport...also, I love that they had a little market selling goodies, which is nice if you want to pick up hard-to-find items.
I'm definitely going back if I'm in the area!What a great find i stumbled upon while a friend and i walked down frenchman street. It was after 9pm on a friday night and we took a chance on getting into 3 Muses...no luck so we walked a bit further and found this gem. The beef shwarma sandwich  was deliciously  spiced and the hummus w pita was tasty and fresh. If you need a quick bite to eat, make the stop and  you wont be disappointed.I'm always disappointed with Mona's, yet I keep going back.  What's wrong with me?  
I come from a place that had super-bomb Middle Eastern food all over the place, so I crave falafel and baba ghonouj and hummus and schwarma quite often.  Mona's is just OK.  Grape leaves are pretty terrible, but their fattoush is quite good.  
I feel like the Mona's on Banks St. is better than the others.  The one on Frenchmen has an awkward layout and bad lighting.  So not only can you stare at everyone in the room, but we're all cast in an unflattering light.the baklava was yum! i love how flaky and appropriately sweet (if that makes sense) it was.My lamb shish kebab was mediocre but the Gyro meat was to die for! The gyro meat was some of the best I have had. Service was a bit on the slower side but and the Turkish coffee was as robust as I like it. I would recommend getting anything with the gyro meat at Mona's Cafe. You will not be disappointed. 
3.5 Stars.One of my favorite places to eat Lebanese Mediterranean cuisine I wish they still did hookah thoI really like this place. The only menu items that I don't like are things that I wouldn't like regardless of what restaurant served it. I always love the hummus, tabouleh, kabobs and shawarma. My absolute favorite menu items is the Lebanese Tea. Sometimes I buy a gallon of it to take home with me.Great food for the price. Coming from a Lebanese background I am very particular on Mediterranean food. Service was ok, the restaurant was pretty empty and we sat with out glasses empty for a while. Also, I think our waitress had a rough day she wasn't in the greatest of moods. Overall decent for the price I recommend for anyone on a budgetI love Mona's and this is a nice location (there are 3 of them, I think). Anyway, I had the vegetarian platter, which is a lot of food for $10. I ate the falafel,  hummus, and pita. I boxed the tabouli and baba ganoush and had that the next day. All was quite nice, especially the falafel. That was the best falafel I've had. The iced mint tea is a perfect summer drink, too.
Oh, the service was excellent as well.Excellent food. Great friendly service. The attached market has unusual ethnic foods at good prices. Love this place!this this is this is the best location with the best service and the best food. took my picky parents here and they were so blown away by the food,service,and prices. definitely an awesome cheap place to eat. and it's BYOB with no corkage feeI loved this place. I was tired of the Cajun/Creole food, so my mom and I walked around and discovered this place. The food is truly unique. I am from Washington DC, which has many Kabob places, but most are Persian or Afghan. This place is Palestinian, which is unique. I love how this place uses mint in it's humus among other things. A+++I ordered my food to go. They were VERY slow. Then the host skipped over me to help someone else as if my order wasn't as important. Very unorganized and inconsiderate...I will never come back.This is the original Mona's and still the best.  A big fire gutted it good a few years ago, and since then Mona's has opened a bunch of new stores that are all decent bit somehow not as delectable as the first one. Nice Mediterranean market attached, with a larger selection than at other shops.  Freshest pita in the city.Mona's has updated their menu adding one of my favorite dishes, the lamb shank. Tender lamb shank braised with veggies served with a side and salad. The dish is all I will order from there from now on and its served with steaming hot pita bread all for $12, its a great deal. As always great service and a Lebanese tea.Lebanese tea is the way to go here. The food is tasty, portions are large. I usually go with a shwarma or gyro plate. If you finish it you will be stuuuffed. I especially like this location more than the others because of the private booths.I have been on a serious Middle Eastern food kick lately and when I told a friend of mine I had never been to Mona's, he insisted that I check it out.
We stopped in for dinner on a Saturday night and the place was empty except for just a few couples. I always have to get the hummus, so we started with some of that and we also got some fried kibby. I had no idea what kibby was, but apparently it's a meat pie type thing served with a type of sour cream sauce. Both the hummus and the kibby were great and the flat bread was plentiful.
For my entree I got the beef schwarma which came with a salad and more hummus (I really can't get enough). The beef schwarma was perfect, moist and tasty. I chose the beef mainly because the chicken tends to be dry at some places, but I might try the chicken next time after reading the favorable reviews. The salad was simple but nice and the hummus went perfectly with everything. I do wish that rice came with the dish, but that's just a preference. 
Mona's was fantastic and I would definitely return to satiate another Middle Eastern food craving.Mona's is awesome.  We go there a lot because I live down the street.  The service isn't always the best but we BYOB and don't mind if it's a little slow - the food more than makes up for it!  I LOVE the falafel and usually get a chicken dish.  The kabobs are better than the swarma but it depends on what you like I guess!!!  When a lot of places are hit or miss these days, you can always depend on Mona's for a great meal!Have to say the Gyro plate was very good and the place is very nice. Perfect portion.  Wonderful lunch spot. Parking is hit or miss.  I had a wonderful rookie experience.  Will have to come back again and try the schwarma.Mmm ,i love me some mona's.I have been going there for at least 10 yrs.I was unsatisfied only once and they took care of it no problem! The attached store is pretty cool too.Falafel plates,and hummus are delicious.Service is good ,friendly staff.Mona's Cafe on banks with its comfy atmosphere and quaint grocery has been one of my favorite restaurants in the new Orleans area for years and is by far the best Mediterranean food around. 
Mona's boasts a traditional and uncomplicated menu with a wide variety of fantastic dishes ranging from the light and crispy falafel to the succulent gyro and lamb. They have amazing hummus, smoked baba ganoush, and crispy fried halloumi that are always sure to fill me up. 
The wait staff is friendly and attentive constantly checking up on guests and providing top notch customer service even when incredibly busy. 
By far the best part about Mona's Cafe is its incredible value. There are not many places in New Orleans where two can eat an amazing dinner with appetizers, desserts, drinks, and leave with a bag full of groceries for less than it costs for a bottle of aged wine.I was in town for a wedding and visited this location for dinner. My appetizers were Hummus w/ meat, grape leaves and falafel (I was with a party of about 12-15 ppl), and our main dish was several plates of mixed grill (lamb, chicken, kefta and beef kabobs) with mixed sides (rice and salads) usually served for larger groups for sharing. The appetizers are amazing, as close as you can get to home cooking very authentic middle eastern cooking and the grape leaves our better than my mother's amazing cooking. Fresh hot bread which makes you eat even when you believe you have topped off to the max. I'm middle eastern myself and to like a restaurant takes a lot as its a typical home cooked meal. Food was good enough that I had breakfast on my last day in town, with some hot tea with mint. Service was good and timely considering a large group for both visits, while it seemed to be attending to its regular crowd on a weekend. Definitely a place to revisit and recommend to others. Thank you Mona's Cafe.The lamb meat is so fatty and not as good as Lebanons. Maybe I had a bad chef that day but man it was not chewable.Food is fresh and delicious and they give you a lot of it. Get the lebanese iced tea.Great food and service. I've lived in the Middle East and I can say this is just as good.I LOVE LOVE LOVE Mona's!!! I have been to 3 of their locations - their Hummus is AWESOME - & I also love love love their Lamb shish kabobs Oh My gosh!!! soooo good!!! & even though it is quite simple I LOVE their salad too!! refreshing!!!!Nice little spot. The lamb was so delicious as well as the humus. Decor is cute little middle eastern Mediterranean vibe. It's very consistently good. The warm pitas made me very happy too. 
Try the mint iced tea for something different.I am never impressed. I've tried the beef shawarma and the gyro. Both are so-so at best. The pita is frequently staleI've been eating here since I moved to Nola four years ago but only recently has it become one of my favorite places because of one thing: service. I was used to being treated poorly as a customer but I loved the food so I would do take out. But the last few months I've received stellar service. I don't know who she is, but there is one female server who has seriously raised the bar. She waits tables around the other people who work there. 
When you go, order: Lebanese tea, falafel bites as an app, and the lamb kabob plate that comes with a refreshing Greek salad and hummus. Enough to take home for another meal!I've been coming for years and they never disappoint. It is so delicious! I love the Lula Kebab and their falafels are delicious.I come from a Middle Eastern background, so I tend to be a little choosier with this cuisine. Mona's was recommended to us by our host, and I was not disappointed. 
The restaurant had the typical decor of a Middle Eastern Eastern restaurant. If it's your first time seeing crazy murals and fake plants, you should know this is a sign you're in an authentic spot. 
We ordered many things to share: grape leaves, hummus, kabobs, salad and hummus platters. Everything was fresh and tasty. I generally judge a Middle Eastern restaurant by the lamb they serve, and their's wasn't bad at all!
If I lived in the area, I would frequent Mona's. I would recommend highly!I've only been in N.O. for a few weeks and I've been to this place twice looking for my go-to Gyro place.  This is not it.  
When you walk in, the inside feels cozy, if not somewhat cheesy with hand-painted murals across the room.  There are booths on one side and tables on another as well as outside if you are interested.  You may be confused as to whether you should find a seat or be seated, and that seems normal.  
Service is reasonable, but probably because this place doesn't ever seem crowded.  Our waters were tended to, but my g/f's pita bread was late five minutes on one occasion until the waitress looked over and remembered.  
Mona's seems to me to be a generally themed middle-eastern restaurant, though I have no clue as to what part of the mid-east that is and I don't think they do either.  The first time I came here I got the gyro platter ($10), and the second time I got a single gyro ($4).  The gyro platter is appetizing enough; meat is hot and cooked well, hummus, fresh lettuce, and a bit of tahini sauce.  It sort of works like a fajita gyro.  The meat was good, lettuce was fresh, hummus was fine if not somewhat out of place, but the tahini sauce, although interesting, failed to take the place of tzatziki.  Tzatziki is like the perfect counterpoint to the savoriness of gyro meat, and tahini just seems like a poor bitter substitute to me.  And I didn't even get any tahini sauce with my single gyro order on my second visit.  Of course, I don't know if this is normal in mid-eastern cooking, but to me, it just wasn't as good.  
Of the other items on the menu some proved worthy and others just odd.  I've never really liked grape leaves, but I tried some of my g/f's and they were quite delicious.  Their hummus is pretty good.  I ordered fried kibby ($4.59) as an appetizer.  It's some sort of wheat/ground beef crust stuffed with ground lamb and pinenuts.  Sounded good, but I tasted more salt and bland meat than anything else.  
If I go back, I'll probably try the meat grape leaves, or just order the vegetarian ones.  Their lamb chops look good but expensive ($15).  Their prices on most of their menu are good, which is somewhat redeeming.  I wish this was my gyro-spot, but it's not.
1 star for unimpressive but filling, cheap food.
1 star for decent service and having a deli with pretty fresh pita bread and an assortment of middle-eastern kietsch.Trust me! I know arabic food. This restaurant is really good and i do recommend that you try it.Had a decent Sunday lunch of, halloumi, hummus, & lamb shish kebabs. 
The hummus here has to be the silkiest smoothest I've ever had. I could come here just to eat hummus and pita bread.
The halloumi (I feel) was over fried. I think it may of even been put in a deep fryer?? To clarify it is called fried cheese on the menu. 
The lamb shish kebab plate was also good. Some pieces of lamb were slightly tough yet others were melt in your mouth. 
The sugar coated almonds are a nice touch at the end of your meal.
I went into the deli to buy some halloumi after lunch (I am reeling that you can't buy halloumi in the grocery stores in New Orleans - weird!). It has some interesting and hard to find products. Real turkish delight, good olives, huge selection of teas. 
Easy and relaxed dining experience.Great service! Food came super fast and the prices are fair. Does not serve hookah. Would recommend the lamb and hummus. Beware if you have a tree nut allergy!Seriously great spot... The food was delicious and the girls were really friendly.. Service was on par. A++Had the catfish plate and was not disappointed.  Lebanese tea is also very good.  Hot homemade pita Nice spot would definitely come back.Typical good Mediterranean food.  Hummus, babghanouj, and tehini as well as delicious chicken/lamb schwarma.Having a meal at Mona's Cafe on Banks Street is like taking a mini-vacation to the Middle East. 
The Gyro Plate with Tabouli Salad is a taste treat with the traditional Middle Eastern Cuisine spices. The entree plate is served with warm soft pita bread made on-site.  
Both wheat and white pita are available. You just have to make your request which kind you would like with your meal.
I have to mention the Lebanese Tea---delicious---with pine nuts and Rose Water. The best in the city. 
Top the meal off with a Demitasse of rich thick Turkish Coffee and sticky sweet Baklava.
Dining at Mona's is always a pleasant experience because the wait staff is attentive and there is always a nice diverse clientele.
If you hadn't had enough of an adventure in the restaurant, there is a Mona's Middle Eastern Market right next door, located in an attached building. That is where you can pick up a pack of their house made Pita Bread or get some Turkish Coffee freshly ground with exactly how much Cardamon you would like. There is a huge selection of spices, condiments, pastries, sauces, oils, beverages, cook wear, need I go on?  If it is Mediterranean, they have it!
When you are ready for a great experience, visit Mona's Cafe Middle Eastern Market.My husband and I stopped here for a little bit of a later dinner.  It was about an hour before the posted closing time, but the waitress/hostess had to ask the kitchen if we could still order food.  We debated leaving, but were tired and hungry, so went ahead and ordered once the "ok" was given.  The food arrived quickly, and was extremely tasty.  The food was so good in fact, that I would have given it 4 stars had we not felt like we were being a nuisance by choosing to eat there.  Hopefully this was just an off night, because the food really was yummy.My favorite place to grab dinner on my way home.  Great food and great prices.  Hummus is great and I love the falafel sandwich.  Make sure you try the Lebanese tea.The food here is consistently good! The wait staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. Ivanna was our server and she is very pleasant. Food came our pretty quickly and delicious as usual. It seems the food just taste better at this location; not sure why but it just does. Ordered Baklava for dessert and they warmed it up for me and gave me an extra piece! Thanks Mona's for a delightful & delicious dinner!Quite possibly the best Mediterranean place i've been to. You absolutely cannot go wrong with the Gyro platter, or anything there for that matter. The place is nice, the staff is nice, the store attached is also quite a convenience.
I'm lucky to live so close to a jewel such as Mona's and for the price, what you get is outstanding. I think it's safe to say that Mona's has taken away any thoughts i might have of visiting another Mediterranean restaurant in the city. If anyone else has a stronger suggestion, please point me towards what would have to be the #1 spot because i'm finding it difficult to believe there's much better out there. 
To say i'll be back is an understatement, can i buy stock, please?I love this place.  It's usually pretty quiet in the evenings so it's a great place to bring a book or your computer (free wifi).  The outside patio is a nice place to chill with friends.  The appetizers are all delicious and the servers are great.I have to be honest, I'm not a huge fan of Mediterranean cuisine.  But, also, probably have never really had the really good stuff, so the speak.  Mona's is an easy way to step into a new style of cuisine.  In past reviews, I've mentioned that I'm gluten free.  So bonus points to Mona's for having options available to me other than just salad!.  
As far as the actual food goes, my meats have always been perfectly cooked.  And, this is the first place where I've ever actually enjoyed humis.  
I like the casual atmosphere, lots of boothes, dunno i just seem to be fond of booths heh.
Been to this location about 6 times food and service was always up to par.  Just not my favorite type of food.  
Only drawback is parking during lunch or busy dinners times.  There's a tiny bit of off st. parking but you're not liking to get one of those spaces!Mona's is my favorite of the Middle Eastern restaurants in town or as I call them -"the hummus restaurants." Like Tex-Mex, there is one menu that appears in all of these restaurants, but some do it better than others. Mona's is my go-to place, especially the one on Banks St which I think is the original. Today for lunch I had the gyro/chicken shwarma combo plate which includes a nice sized and tasting salad and hummus along with some pita. It was a bargain at $13.99. You can't go wrong here.I love taking first-timers here because I am always praised for my restaurant selection. I especially love eating here in the summer because their refreshing iced teas, cool tziki, hummus, babaganoush and tabouli just hit the spot! 
They have the best falafel and the best gyro meat I've ever had the pleasure of eating. Probably the best hummus as well! Love the little Jordan almonds they give you at the end of the meal. A very consistent establishment!Ordered the lebna and gyro meat salad to go for lunch.  The lebna was smooth and creamy with plenty of pita but I suppose I prefer a bit more sumac.  The disappointment was the salad, however.  Not much meat, which was sad because the meat was crunchy and flavorful.  The dressing just tasted a bit off, like it was sitting a bit too long, and just wasn't up to par with other places I've eaten in the city.  My tomatoes were also very mealy and looked very anemic.  Just not up to par with some of my other favorites.As far as Mediterranean goes in New Orleans, I think Mona's is only OK. This particular location has a grocery attached to it, which is nice for hard to find items, but I have found the service to be hit or miss. The food consistently hits the spot if you are craving something, but never really wows.Tonight the staff seemed a bit overtaxed, but they were still pleasant and did they best the could to get to us quickly to take our order and drink refills.
Always upgrade your tea to Lebanese Ice tea.  The rose water and pine nuts are just a treat.  My family always orders the Gyro plate that comes with a fabulous house salad and hummus. It is enough for the 3 of us to share (two adults and an 8 year old.)  We added a chicken shwarma salad as well and just a crisp and fresh.  Love that they used creole' tomatoes (local) as part of their salads.  We began with Kibby that were cooked to perfection.  (sometimes these are hit or miss, but perfect tonight)
All of this for $32.00 was a bargin.  And I have chicken shwarma salad for lunch tomorrow as well.  They sent me home with a little extra salad dressing.  We will be back again soon.Every time I travel to New Orleans , LA  
I love to go to Monas Cafe to eat there
The food is great and the service is the
Best in townTheir lentil soup is amazing!!!! This is all I used to order for lunch Monday though Friday! 
Their felafel isn't all that bad either.
The one on magazine is A LOT better tasting though!Delicious food! The delivery guy was great, I accidentally put the wrong address and he called and very nicely brought it to the right house. Sounds like a small thing but in life it really is the little things. Overall great experience and did I mention the food? Delicious!!!I must admit my admiration for this place has diminished since I have had Lebanon. I stopped here with a friend and the gyro plate is nowhere near as good as what I remember. It appears to me the prices have increased and the quality of the gyro has gone down because the plate I had was one big greasy mess. The hummus and other dips are still good but the meats dont compare at all to Lebanon in quality. If I am going to pay this kind of money it will be at Lebanon.I have never had a bad experience at monas in the 10 plus yrs I've been eating there.I Love the hummus,and the falafel plate delicious.Service is always great.Meh. I'd give it 2.5 stars.
The lebna was odd but grew on me. The falafels were nowhere as good as the Frenchman location. The combo plate was pretty darned bland. 
Our waitress was fine. 
BUt I left the experience just so underwhelmed. Will go back to Pyramids instead.I love coming here to get a falafel sandwich or even lentil soup here and there. Really really friendly staff too. I would like more vegan options but it's ok as is :) I also love the middle eastern scenic art inside! It's so beautiful! Also love that they were willing to put carrots in my falafel sandwich!I was a loyal patron of the Mona's in Lafayette before it closed & was sad to see it go.  I am so glad to be living in a city that has a Mona's again, but moreso, I'm excited that there are so many!  With that said, I'm reserving my 5-star rating for the Mona's on Magazine, although this location is fabulous.  It's just that the Chicken Shawarma at M on M is such a game-changer that everything else (even a different chain's same dish) pales in comparison.  
Thanks to Mona's, I can say that Chicken Shawarma can be a juicy, delicious dish & I actually love it.  Everywhere else but this chain serves dry chicken in its Shawarma entree.
So far, I have only had the Lebanese Tea, Halloumi (a/k/a angelic, pan-fried cheese) & Chicken Shawarma at this location.  All were tasty & reasonably priced.  Service was on the ball, even at lunchtime.  
It's so close to work, I know I'll be back!I typically eat here every Monday for a meeting. This is the only place in the world that I order the same thing every time. I'm all about variety and new culinary leaps; how we when it comes to a Monday lunch meeting, nothing screams a Monday like ordering the same dish from your neighborhood restaurant. 
I order the HOT mint tea and a Greek salad with gyro meat and feta on top. Great 0 Carb lunch (unless I hit the pita from the hummus appetizer we get when we walk in)
Staff knows my order, very friendly, and extremely fast.I have been enjoying Middle Eastern cuisine for several years now and Mona's on Banks is one of my favorite places in New Orleans.  Prior to Yelping about this place, I had already eaten here at least a dozen times and have always had good food accompanied by good service.
To enter the restaurant, you walk through an outdoor patio that has a half a dozen or so tables.  However, I wouldn't recommend eating there during the summer months, as it's still hot well past 8:00 pm.  The inside of the restaurant is decorated with murals and there is actually a fountain in the middle of the restaurant with a fake stone arch over it.  Some may say the decor is a little cheesy, but I think it works just fine.  Aside from the covered patio seating, there are tables and booths.  I prefer the booths as they offer a litlle more privacy, and are all situated on one side of the dining room.
I have only tried a few of the appetizers as I usually end up ordering the hummus.  Mona's probably has the best hummus I have ever had, hands down.  I have also had the baba ghanoush and the stuffed grape leaves.  If you've had hummus before, opt for the stuffed grape leaves with meat.  The spinach pie appetizer is not too shabby either, albeit a little small.  If you like cheese, try the fried halloumi, which is a pungent cheese that is flash fried. (Don't let the word pungent scare you; it's just very flavorful)
As far as entrees are concerned, I've had plenty, to include the gyro plate, the gyro sandwich, the chicken schwarma, the beef kabob, the lamb kabob, and the lula kabob.  All are equally good.  If you like lamb, I'd definitely get the hummus with lamb plate.  It's simply a huge portion of hummus which is surrounded by boneless cuts of lamb.  Talk about good!
For dessert, the baklava is good, and it's saturated with honey.  However, if you want to try something a little different go with the nammura.  The nammura is actually a dessert made out of semolina.  Don't think pasta here because there is no resemblance at all.  It's a pie shaped dessert made from semolina, almonds, rosewater and honey; and it's "the bomb".  Perhaps I shouldn't be saying the "bomb" word here :-)   JK
To summarize, the hostess seats you quickly, the wait staff is average to slightly above average, the food is prepared quickly, the quality of the food is excellent and the prices are very affordable.  I almost forgot to mention the refreshing mint iced tea. As a treat,  you also get some jordan almonds with your bill.
The only thing that keeps this place from getting 5 stars is the limited parking.  At night, this can be a sketchy neighborhood, so I'd park close to the door.Very good food. The service was nice and quick. All around a good experience every time I go there. It's also my favorite location to eat mona's.Consistently great. Food is wonderful as well as service. I like it so much I don't mind bringing my own wine.My 2nd favorite Mona's (next to the Frenchmen location.)Delicious gyro plate. The meat was perfect and full of taste. Love their falafel and humus as well! Every time I go, I must get the Lebanese tea. They also have outside seating, so on nice days you can sit outside! Not too many places in New Orleans have that.Great Mediterranean food, especially for the price.  Don't miss the humus and the fresh pita.  I'm a big fan of the chicken shawarma and the falafel.  You can bring your own beer or wine and they don't charge a corkage fee.  On nice days, the patio seating is great, but inside, the atmosphere is pretty bland.The food was good as it usually is, but the order was charged for and not received when we got there. The disappointing part was that they acted as if they didn't care. We waited another 25 mins for the order with not even an apology?I branched out to broaden my horizon today and had lunch at Mona's Cafe & Deli in Mid City.  I had a Middle Eastern luncheon special that included a Greek Salad, gyro and roasted chicken shawarma with humus, tanini sauce, extra virgin olive oil, whole wheat pita bread, pepper sauce and Lebanese Iced Tea.  The chicken shawarma was a bit unnerving because of its yellowish tint, but it tasted great.  There were some unfamiliar spices involved, but the meal was palatable and filling.  The Lebanese Iced Tea was the most unusual because though the taste was delicious and refreshing, the smell of the rose water that was used to blend the drink, somehow had me thinking I was drinking perfume.I accidentally placed the wrong order thru Uber Eats and wanted to cancel the order and reorder with the correct items. I immediately called Uber Eats to have them cancel the order. They called Mona's and they said they couldn't cancel the order because they had already started making it. A grand total of 1 minute had passed and I have a very hard time believing they had even looked at the order much less started it. I will never eat at this restaurant again.I was craving a gyro and Mona's came up and just 3 minutes from my job. Came by during my lunch break (1pm on a Saturday). The place wasn't too busy. I ordered and had my food in less than 10 minutes. I ordered a gyro and fries. The gyro was great! Next time I will ask for extra sauce. I'm a sauce girl and there just wasn't as much as I would prefer. The fries were normal and served hot which is great because I hate cold fries. They also added ketchup, napkins, and plastic ware without asking. I will be back.This is the restaurant have been excellent since they opened back 24 years ago and never left unsatisfiedBest middle-eastern food in NOLA no questions asked. The vegetarian platter is good value.This is the best fast food that's not fast food.  For $5-ish you can get a delicious falafel pita wrap for takeout in no more than 10 minutes.  I find it just the right amount of food! 
This is also a nice spot to sit down for dinner or lunch. The staff is always friendly.  The lebna is a solid choice as well the chicken shawarma. Restaurant is BYO. 
This review stands for the other Mona's locations around town. All have solid service and food!i don't understand why this place has gotten such poor ratings. i've eaten here a couple of times and have never had a problem with the service or the quality of my food. everything has been perfectly cooked.  varied textures yield a consistently delightful meal...creamy hummus, crunchy salad, and tender gyros ftw.
cost of a meal isn't dirt cheap, but the benefit is that you can eat off it a second time if you ask for a to-go container.
bonus: huge outdoor patio with plenty of seating.I went to Mona's on Banks Street with a friend on April 13, 2017 and we both ordered the half and half with chicken and beef and our food was great. I decided to go back for a repeat of my great meal alone two days later on Saturday April 15, 2017 and I was so disappointed with my half and half chicken and beef. I placed my order at the same time another table placed their order however my meal was literally brought out in the matter of 3-4 minutes and my pita bread was cold and stale so I asked for some fresh pita bread and once I started eating my meal I could tell my plate was not prepared fresh because I found the chicken and beef tasted like it had been sitting around the kitchen for awhile because the chicken and beef was not even hot or fresh tasting at all. I now realize my plate was not cooked to order because about 15 minutes after my meal came out cold and really lousy one of the people who ordered one of the same plates I ordered their order came out looking hot and fresh when it was brought to their table. I didn't want to complain in front of the other people eating at that table next to me so I went up to the cash register and I asked to see the manager however I was told I needed to go in the grocery store attached to Mona's so instead I just told a waitress about how lousy my meal tasted and how it was cold and it wasn't cooked fresh. I don't know for sure if Mona's had a different cook on Saturday but if so Mona's definitely needs to fire that cook and give the cook who cooked my meal two days earlier on Thursday a raise because now I have no intention of every going back again and I will tell all my friends how disappointed  I am with the lack of consistently with the food prepared at Mona's. There are way too many excellent restaurants in New Orleans to eat at to have to waste your time and money eating at Mona's because apparently they know nothing about being consistent with the quality of food they serve. BEWARE MONA's CAFE CAN BE SO GOOD ON ONE VISIT THEN ON YOUR NEXT VISIT THEIR FOOD CAN BE SO DISAPPOINTING AND DOWN RIGHT LOUSY AND A BIG WASTE OF YOUR MONEY!!I am biased cuz I am a sucker for Lebanese food.  I just cant ever get enough gyro (even though I still am not confident on how to actually pronounce it).  
You can sit outside at Mona's which earns it points in my book.  It is covered so you can sit outside in the rain too.  I love to sit outside and actually have never sat inside there.  
The staff is nice and attentive and the food was prompt. No alcohol but that is ok.  
I really liked my gyro plate.  I always say thanks but no thanks to the salad because "you dont make friends with salad".  I get it with rice.  From there i take the pita and make gyro tacos with humus, rice and lamb.  Fantastic.  I am sure that way of eating it is wrong and potentially culturally insensitive but I love it.  (I love your countries food but I am going to eat it like mexican)
My lady got the veggie grape leaves plate and she really liked it.  We go every couple months and I am sure we wouldnt if she didnt like her food as much as I liked mine.
I am not a Lebanese food aficionado though so I cant say it is the best in the world. All I know is I like it a lot.   (That being said I like Lebanon's on Carrollton more)The best thing you gotta love about monas is their variety of vegetarian options! It's always fresh and colorful! The service was fast and professional! Great restaurant, excellent food.Best Lebanese tea around. I normally get the half and half and you get to choose your two meats. There are only two restaurants in New Orleans that have good hummus. This place is one of them. You can also replace the hummus with baba ghanoush, which is also equally good. The food is great. Portions over price is very fair. Service is so so. When I first started eating here, the service was extremely slow. Now, they have seemed to pick up the place a lot better.I agree with reviewer Dana-il, the hummus is good - and I don't even like hummus that much. I won't say it's the best I've had, but what do I know? Martha Stewart's version with no tahini is my personal fave. That's crazy and perhaps some sort of blasphemery, I know. The baba ganoush was really tasty, though, and I usually never like that stuff. The falafel was tasty but terribly greasy.
The Lebanese tea with pine nuts is a curious drink but really satisfying. If the service had been better, my friend would've ordered a second tall one. The service was BAD! We were told to seat ourselves when we walked in, but then no one came to our table for 15 minutes - no drinks, no menus, no nothin. We had to get up and steal some takeout menus from the front counter. It was a slow Wednesday night, so there's just no excuse for that.Love, love, LOVE their chicken kebab, in a sandwich or on the platter with salad and hummus. I've had their lamb kebab, too, and it was also excellent. The baba ganoush was nothing to write home about, but the baklava was yummy. Service is efficient, dining room is spotless, and the tented booths give the impression that you're the only one there.I had first ordered one of their appetizers. 
The fried cheese is very light and tasty. I wish that it was a bigger sized portion though. It was maybe six pieces altogether. I had the chicken shawarma as my entree. The chicken had a great flavor to it. The pieces of chicken were in chunks instead of a sliced chicken. It was served with hummus, pita bread and a salad. The hummus was creamy and delicious. I could have licked my plate. You can choose between white or wheat pita bread. The salad was fresh. The dressing wasn't creamy but oil based. It was good. I wished that rice was served with the dish, but it wasn't. For me the food was average.Nice little store. Good spice selection. Watch out for prices though. They haven't been updated in awhile, but when the register rings stuff up at a higher price the blond guy at the register just shrugs and says "you want it, or not?"  That $5 markup just likely list them a long time customer, at least until I want something unusual fast. I'll start buying my other staples elsewhere.The servers are a little disorganized, but who cares? Best lebanese tea ever, good food- love the falafels and hummus. Tabouli salad is excellent, as well as the fried cheese. They have a great little market that we frequent all the time, and the owner is a sweetheart. He's gotten to know these new MId-City faces and treats us like we're old buddies. Will continue to frequent!Despite the atmosphere, Mona's is a place you can count on for authentic mediterranean food. Each time I've tried it I've grown to like it a little more than the previous. The shawarma's are bomb and I love their tzatziki. Other things to try are the hummus of course, fried kibby, and the meat pies. Also there lebanese tea makes me wanna slap somebody. I think they put crack in it. 
My only issue with them is there portion sizes SUCK for your buck and the inside of their restaurant (the Banks location) is so depressing and dreary inside. I want to nominate them to be on one of those shows to have their restaurant torn down and remodeled. 
Anywho, give this place a go. There one of the better mediterranean places in the city.My favorite thing about Mona's is the grocery next to the restaurant. I mean don't get me wrong, the food is good...just not out of this world good.
 My hubby and I went last weekend for a quick lunch. He got the dolmathes plate (which he says didn't hold a flame to mine, but I'm sure he was just being sweet) with babaghanoush and I got the falafel sandwich. Everything was just fine, especially the ability to sit outside on their  simple little patio. 
After lunch I went over to the grocery to get some feta, olive oil and chocolate. This is the only place in the city I know that caries imported from Greece, sheep's milk feta (most feta at the grocery is made from cow's milk and isn't nearly as creamy) and my very favorite ION chocolate bars. So if you are looking for a nice little lunch spot and a great place to get your Greek (and imported) grocery items head over to Mona's and pretend you are in the Mediterranean.This area brings for some interesting people watching (especially if you sit outside). However, the food is excellent. I am usually not a fan of baba ganoush but I devour it at this place. I think because it has this awesome smokey flavor to it that makes it so good. Also, the Lebanese tea is a lot more floral to the taste unlike other Lebanese teas I've had that mostly taste like lemonade with some pine nuts added to it. You can really taste the rose water in it. The appetizer platter for 2 is my favorite. Me and my boyfriend split it all the time and its a good amount of food for 2 people. Usually I'll get a gyro on the side just for a little extra something but the gyro and the platter is plenty of food for 2 people. It's BYOB here and there are no stores nearby to get a drink at so make sure you bring a bottle of wine if you so desire. They will open the wine and provide glasses for you if you do. Also, the food is very reasonably priced.OK I really wanted to rank this place as a 3.7 but wasn't swayed enough to give it a four.
First let me say that the service was good and have no complaints. At one point the waitress took a little long to refill my iced tea, without me asking she explained that they were making another brew which indicated that she was on the ball.
We ordered falafel as appetizer, I ordered a shish kabob sandwich and my coworker ordered the same but the platter.  My sandwich was VERY skimpy and the meat on the shish kabob platter was very greasy as if they sautéed it instead just cutting of a gyro. Not a huge deal to cry about but noted.
If you've never Arabic food I think you'd be impressed as I was when I came here back in 1998.
Overall I think this place is very good but if the day comes were corner sidewalk Arabic food sets up shop like in NYC, these guys are in big trouble. As many would like to argue, New Orleans isn't an international city, so the competition for international fair isn't cut throat; not just Mediterranean food but Latin, Thai, etc. A place like this can get by with being "ok". (People travel to New Orleans for Cajun and Creole food)
Just sayin'.When it comes to mediterranean food Monas café comes second to none. I ordered their chicken shawarma plater and was not disappointed! Delicious food at very reasonable price. The waitress was extremely friendly and created a fun environment. Would recommend this restaurant to all!since we moved to midcity in '08, i'd say we've gotten takeout from mona's approximately once a week.... so at least 150 meals, likely more.
waitstaff has always been friendly, and the:
hummus
tabouli
lebna
sauteed veggie plate + chicken schawrma 
are all legit.  plus i never spend more than $30 and we always have enough leftovers for another meal.  we've even brought the kid (8 months) there a couple times, and they've been totally accommodating.I pretty much just go for their awesome Gyro's, but their hummus is pretty good too. The only issue I have is with their pita bread; the past few times it's been really hard and put me off from ordering anything with pita.Everything from the tables outside in the gorgeous weather to the wonderful service to the great mint tea and the delicious food starting with appetizers and ending with a fabulous meal make this place very special.  I always enjoy coming here.  I also love shopping in the store. You would not be disappointed going here.Another great recommendation from our family who live in NOLA!  We all had lots of appetisers to share and everything was good!  You can't go wrong with the hummus, baba ganoush, kifteh etc.  I don't remember the name of everything we ordered but I could honestly say that nothing disappointed us and we all love to experiment with food!  The service is courteous, friendly and not overbearing.  Just right.More and more, Mona's becomes the granddaddy of all of the restaurants of this type in the area.  Go to any other cafe, talk to the owner and you find that he used to work at Mona's or else he insists that his version of 'x' is better.  Go to Mona's and be ready to compare and contrast like a true New Orleanian.  It's a great standard-maker.I swear I eat at Mona's at least three separate occasions every time I visit New Orleans. This location is actually my favorite -- sitting outside in the early evening with a Lebanese iced tea? The best. They have a good number of vegan options and their falafel is delicious. I love this place and am looking forward to going back the next time I'm in town!Went for lunch- Got Gyros plate and Vegetarian plate-- Sooo much food, and every bite was perfection. Truly. Even down to the salad dressing. Also really liked the Lebanese tea over many I've had. Staff was also excellent, and nice comfortable atmosphere. We'll be regulars soon.Mediocre middle eastern cuisine. That's always been my experience with this place but I was going to give them another shot. My expectations were confirmed again. The saving graces are friendly service and reasonable prices. Here's what I got:
Grape leaves:  OK. The yogurt sauce for the grape leaves was tasteless and watery. 
Falafel plate: GOOD. The falafel was tasty and the humus as well. 
Turkish coffee:  GOD AWFUL. Worst I ever had. It tasted like it was burnt or something. I will never risk ordering it again to see if that was a one time thing. 
My parents have some kind of inexplicable draw towards this place, so I may return if I'm getting lunch with them. And they're paying. But it won't be my idea.So I've heard of Mona's for YEARS now thanks for friends and their vegetarian friendly cuisine.  I finally ate here yesterday and let me tell you, their hummus is some of the best i've EVER had.  Their secret?  A little jalapeno in the olive oil on top of the dip.  Not too busy of a lunch crowd on a Thursday afternoon.  Friendly and attentive service.  Prices that won't break the bank.  I had their vegetarian platter ($9.99) and that consisted of hummus, baba ganouj, 2 falafel and tabouli.  I'm the first to say i'm not a fan of tabouli but theirs was super fresh and extremely clean.  The falafel were not too greasy and extremely tasty.  I already mentioned the hummus but the baba ganouj was extremely good as well.  I can't wait to make this a go to place when i visit the city.Friendly staff and delicious food. Their gyro are awesome and I always ask for more tahini sauce and extra spicy chili. They have a mini convenience store on the side as well which is a plus.I thought I had previously reviewed this place but see I have not. I have been coming here for years. Everything I have had here was great. Its hard to beat the quality, price or service. I usually get the Beef Kalylla. The grilled shrimp are good as well. I especially like the salad and hummus that comes with the entree as well. The salad dressing is to die for. I always order and extra dressing and I actually buy it by the quart I think it is to take home. I have been through the entire menu. A few friends are fond of the S Carrollton location but the Banks St location is close to me and I like the service better.This is probably the worst bunch of restaurants in the city.  One time I was in there with my family and they were operating a chainsaw INDOORS.  I asked the manager if it was going to stop anytime and he was clueless as to why I would mind eating while a loud saw was going off in my ear.  They've started selling canned grape leaves.  All the meat is overcooked.  The quality of everything else is varies from mediocre to very poor.  The only thing you can count on here is that the pita bread will be stale.consistently good; great service; outside covered tables; lot of food for a great price; lamb, gyro and excellent saladsThis is the first time I had ever visited this Mona's and I loved it! Our server was very gracious and patient, and informative. She was also pretty funny. The food was so good (as always). Thanks for living up to my expectations.  If you want real, affordable Mediterranean food in New Orleans, this place has what you need. Super cute atmosphere, as well.The family and I stopped at Mona's before going to Celebration in the Oaks.  We sat outside on a pleasant evening.  The service was prompt and the food was very good.  You get large portions so prepare for that.
We enjoyed the hummus and warm bread.  
We would return.Im not a big mediterranean food person but this place is great.. stuff grape leaves is what i go for... kabob wrap is good too... good change from the same old american/mexican/japan fair..The Lebanese tea here is nice and lemony. The Sampler Dish is better than the other place on Canal (that place is excellent too). It's pretty inside - nice atmosphere.Fried cheese. Gyro plates.  Hummus.  Lebanese tea YUMMMM!! Olives...yuck!  
I really enjoy this location.  Cozy and can be intimate.  The wait staff is very friendly and attentive.  Even when super busy they do their best to make sure glasses aren't going empty.
The portions are a nice size.  Always have left overs coming with.  
It is a bring your own wine kinda place.  I am of the un refined type.  I dont like wine, just beer.  Though when im around the Leb tea, thats all im sucking down so fast.
There is alot of outdoor seating that kicks ass when the weather is nice.  Right now in August, its not nice.Love Mona's!!! Everything on there menu is excellent. Service is quick. It is well priced and it usually last me two days...In my opinion, Mona's has the best Mediterranean food in the city, and this location is my favorite. The food is amazing, the price is right, and the waitresses are so nice. 
The hummus comes with this green sauce that is so flavorful. Obsessed! The falafel is perfect. You must try both of these. For entrees, I love gyros... I usually get the gyro plate or the gyro sandwich. The Chicken Kabob plate is fantastic as well.Good food with good sized portions.
My Ex and I came to eat and order out from here more then a few times, they never disappoint. We would always get the chicken shawarma, extra order of hummus, extra pita, side order of rice and the fried cheese. Not to pricey, nothing crazy compared to some of there competitors.
Hope that helps!Mona's is wonderful.  It's consistently good Greek food.  They have a great outdoor area and a little grocery store filled with neat foreign stuff & excellent candies.  We hit up Mona's cafe at lease once a week.  The gyro is my favoriteWent to Monas for the first time and will definitely go back. Had a lot of samplers, no shortage of food and the food was great. Make sure to go in the grocery store and try the Turkish Delights candy.Great service and love the food here! And the ambiance! Dine in or out on the patio. Great falafel, hummus and you must try the baklava! Yum!!Mona's is so wonderful! 
The food is always fresh. Every single bite feels very healthy (which can be hard to say when eating out). 
The menu has options for everyone. I've tried every single thing on the menu and have not been disappointed. My favorite thing in the world is hummus and they have one of my favorites in the city! The best thing about their food is that the flavor is unchanging. It's always seasoned to perfection! Also, anything/everything is highly complimented with a Lebanese tea! 
The staff is neighborly! Always greets you with a smile and acknowledges your presence the minute you set foot on the door! :) 
I feel so cozy if I eat inside and when the weather is meant to be enjoyed the outdoor seating is very accommodating. 
Great location, great food, great service! 
Thumbs up to Mona's!!Wow! Such an amazing experience. I always make sure to suggest this place whenever someone asks the simple question, "where should we eat?"
The food is spectacular (along with the portion size), the servers are always friendly, and the place is just overall easy-going.This is a DISGUSTING PLACE!  As we were finishing up our take-out dinner I noticed a dark thing that turned out to be a ROACH!  AFTER puking up I called them and told them what happened--wished had been in the restaurant --would have loved to see the exodus of people--they wanted to know what they  could do to keep us as customers NOTHING!I have always been a big fan of Mona's cafe. I have eaten here for at least 15 years or so. It has been a while since I have eaten there(nearly a year). I picked up an order to go today and was very disappointed. All of the meat was overcooked.  It was very dry and hard. The pitas were cold and stale. The only thing that was ok was the hummus, but it wasn't nearly as good as last time I ate there. Hopefully this was just a bad day. I will give them one more try before I completely write Mona's off.I UberEATS from here often. I order the Falafel sandwich and a Lebanese tea (you MUST try it you haven't!)New Orleans has some fantastic food and this was a highlight for me. Both the falafel and hummus are the best I have ever had and the chicken shawarma was really great as well. I sat on the patio on a perfect fall Nola night and enjoyed it immensely. My waitress was fantastic; prompt and very helpful. I will absolutely be back.My go-to Mediterranean in Mid-City. Reasonably priced, consistent, and delicious. Large portions that are big enough to split, nice dining room and patio, numerous offerings on the menu.LOVE Mona's - I always get the hummus and tabouli minus the baba ghanush (spelling?) vegetarian plate with falafel and tahini. they give extra tabouli to replace the BG and it is the best. My mother had the lamb kabab medium rare and said it was the best she had ever had and she has a very picky palate. It's cold inside so bring a shawl and the bugs can get bad outside. Also, can't review Mona's without raving about the little shop there - full of Armenian cheese's/fetas/nuts/dried fruit, olives, pickles, all kinds of yummy stuff.I'm Lebanese and I can say that the food here is decent, not great. The fattoush is not really authentic, but the falafel are perfect. The chicken shawarma is weak, and it's an unappetizing green color. But their baba ghanoush is the best in the city, hands down.
The service here is MADDENINGLY TERRIBLE! It's as if they require all their waitresses to be as inept and inattentive as possible. Count on it. Every time. 
Love the red lentil soup, but by the time I get it it's always lukewarm.All sorts of food is hiding out in New Orleans, and this Middle Eastern cafe has a couple of locations, including this mid-city one that I visited as well as one in the French Quarter.
The menu had plenty for me, and I was quite happy to accompany my falafel and fries with some sort of hummus/chickpea combo with some sort of picked pepper in oil. The fries were breaded and delicious, and the falafel sandwich was basic but fit the bill. And I got two small meals out of all of this for a very reasonable price. Certainly, I would consider them again if I were in the mood for that Middle Eastern chickpea and bread vibe.
They have a store attached at this location, which is small but has a lot of dried beans and a freezer section, and is worth a look if you're eating at the restaurant.Service was a little bit slow for just their little spinach "croissants". It was good and was really hot, which made it even better. Little pricey.Consistently good.We have been going here for at least 15 yrs.Never ever had a problem with the food.Reasonably priced.Service has been spotty over the years but those employees didn't last long.Mona's is the hands down best mediterranean food in New Orleans. They make their falafels with Fava Beans so they are green and they are delightful pillows of food. The baba ganoush has  a wonderful smokiness to it from the grill and their kebobs are perfect whether you get chicken, beef or lamb. Always fresh, always a pleasure eating here!Good food but if you sit inside be ready to be freezing...I'm never ever too cold & after braving it for 30 minutes, I asked to move outside. But the service & food was wonderful. Had the gyro platter with a side of rice. Would definitely recommend this place to a friend...albeit with layers just in case. :-)Met up with a friend for lunch and left feeling so happy that she recommended the place.
 Our family shared the hummus and falafel (sad to say my kids liked their falafel more than mine) as an appetizer. I didn't enjoy the oil mix in the middle, but the hummus was delicious.
  Hubby and I enjoyed the gyro plate and the kids the gyro wrap. Everyone was very satisfied with the portions and quality of the food. Wide variety of Middle Eastern and a couple of Mediterranean dishes. 
  Clean restaurant, friendly staff, clean bathrooms. Downside is the neighborhood.This is one of my favorite places to order delivery from in Nola. I order the beef shish kabob which comes with greek salad, a choice of white or wheat pita bread, and hummus. I have only had this restaurant for take out so I can't speak to the service or experience in the restaurant itself. The food is fantastic!Wow, this is true authentic Middle Eastern food that is fresh, and so delicious.  And there's even a store where you can buy more Middle Eastern goodies.  I had the Fried halloumi cheese followed by lamb and hummus, with the yoghurt and cucumber salad and also a side salad.  Also so very tasty.  My boyfriend had the chicken kebab and the chunks of chicken were juicy, tender and cooked to perfection.  We sat outside on the patio and with the fans going it was wonderful.  The place is pretty clean and the service was great.  We will be back very soon.You can't go wrong with this neighborhood gem.  Mona's never lets me down.  Quality good food. Customer service needs improvement because they are short on waitstaff.  I remember everything on the menu.  The hummus has some spice to it.  The outdoor patio is spacious and a great place to dine al fresco.  Menu is expansive with reasonable prices.i ordered a veggie plate.  It was everything it said it was,  i figured out i don't like tabouli,  but everything was as expected and fresh and very nicely presented.  i cannot give them any less than 5 stars.  i have eaten here many times before and their dishes are the best.Hummus super creamy , lula Kabob spices were spot on, can taste a little cinnamon, I ordered via Uber eats so food was a little cold.Have loved their food for years. But want to give a shout out. A large group had lunch today and Lena was attentive, split checks, friendly, etc. Well two of us moved outside afterwards to talk. It appeared she was leaving her shift but recognized us and asked if we wanted any water as we sat. I said yes, please that would be great. She brought out 2 to-go cups with ice cold water and a bowl of lemons. She did NOT have to do that but it was much appreciated since my belly needed some water to digest all that yummy food!Are you freakin kidding me? Food this good was around the corner the whole time? 
I finally ventured to Mona's yesterday because if you were anyone in the city that day, you didn't want to go more than 3 blocks from your house. So, I got the veggie platter ($10) which came with 2 falafel, tabouli, babaghanoush and hummus. Though babaghanoush ordinarily has my heart, I thought the tabouli was the star of the show. Light and refreshing with a bunch of lemon and a hint of mint. The falafel was also very good; nice and moist, no cracking or falling apart. The babaghanoush had a lot of something in it....maybe weird garlic? I put garlic on everything but something about this was a little too powerful and overwhelmed the flavor. The hummus was alright but existed for me more as a 'sauce' for the falafel. I will definitely be making another trip here, but I'll probably order the falafel and tabouli separately and try the tzatziki.Gyro Plate - delicious and plenty to eat!!
Red Lentil Soup - Hot and perfectly seasoned. 
Arabic Salad - Flavorful and fresh. 
We enjoyed everything and the service was great too.The food was amazing! I ordered the half and half plate with chicken and gyro, and it was NOT a disappointment! I also ordered a meat pie and some falafels and ended the experience with baklava. I definitely recommend this place!This restaurant is consistently good, and the staff is friendly. The grocery next to it offers fresh hummus, olives, and various other authentic middle eastern foods.  I would recommend this location over others, because mid-city rocks, and this Mona's is cleaner.Pretty sure this is the original Mona's location. And it was closed for a few years after it caught on fire.  The renovations post-fire are pretty fancy...for Mona's.  But don't worry the prices are still ridiculously low. 
Since I have a Mona's a half  mile from my house, I don't make it to the mid-city location to often.  But I came by on Mother's Day with the family before a concert in City Park.  The parents have always been big fans of middle eastern food (I remember going to a restaraunt called House of Mesopotamia with them in the late 70s/early 80s).
The menu is the same as the other locations.  And we all enjoyed the food, as a group we had lamb, beef, chicken, and veggie options.Had the opportunity to dine here the other day. I highly recommend.  Food was great and service was friendly.  The decor and ambiance were nice and prices were reasonable.  This is a nice place.  Hidden (to me) jewel.  If you have a chance, check it out!Mona's used to be one of my favorite joints but the last few times I have been here the prices have gone up and the quality has gone down significantly. With all the new places to get Mediterranean food Mona's has been outclassed.So delicious... The lebna is sinfully great! The grape leaves are amazing too! I've had Lebanon's and they are good, but Mona's is much better. 
Really lovely staff as well. This place is great!Humble restaurant. Friendly staff. We had a delicious breakfast. Tasty falafel and creamy hummus. Fast service. Affordable prices.Everything I had was delicious. The salad dressing is so light, fresh, and tasty. Veronica was such a pleasure as a waitress.  Lamb and humus was fantastic. I will definitely be back. Busy at lunch and limited parking so I suggest one or after. Worth the parking hassle for sure!! The market next door is awesome! Major variety of goods!!In New Orleans, this place had an excellent middle eastern menu. I had the lamb kabob and stuffed grape leaves and everything was fantastic. Don't forget to leave room for The homemade baklava. Parking is challenging which is on street but worth the hassle. EnjoyHad lunch at mona's today. Adeana was our server and her timing, attention to detail, and overall service was impeccable. Falafel was wonderful- wish the vegetarian plate had more than two in it! We ended up ordering more falafel after. My boyfriend really liked the dipping sauce that came with the spinach pie appetizer- we kept it and used it for our dinner plates. The gyro was alright, one of the better ones I've had in New Orleans, but I'm picky about them. Overall, things were well priced and good- we will go back again!The Lebanese tea is delicious 
Chicken kabob plate came with hummus, salad, and salad 
Very good Greek mealGreat service and awesome kabobs! Hummus was a bit on the sour side is only reason I'm giving this place 4 starsExcellent gyro platter with a fantastic hummus. The Lebanese tea is a great beverage to wash the patter down with. Overall one of the best mediterranean places in the city.I went for Saturday lunch and had an unpleasant experience. There were only two servers and the restaraunt was about halfway full. We were told to seat ourselves and after about 10 minutes, a server greeted us. The appetizers were brought out in a timely manner and the entrees shortly after. The falafel was soggy in my sandwich. The server didn't come check on us at all during our meal and we both needed drink refills. We sat for 20  minutes after we finished our meal waiting for our server. I walked up to the counter to tell the other server that we needed to go boxes and our check. She told me that she could get us boxes, but our server needed to give us the check. I waited for a longer period  for our server, who I had to ask if we could get the check. Needless to say, we won't be returning until the service improves.Love ordering food from here it's never disappoints me every time I get food here! Always get the chicken shrawrma plate with hummus rice and saladI've been a fan of Mona's for years now although I usually visit the one on Carolton and in the days before Katrina the one on Calhoun. Thankfully the Banks location provides the same tasty menu and good service. Personally I'm a fan of the falafel sandwich, kibby with lebna, and the every popular lamb with hummus. And don't forget a glass of Lebanese tea to wash it down.
One of the nice things at this location is the spacious patio seating, which is great during the cooler weather of Fall. Oh, and after you're done, you can stop by the small grocery they keep right next door.Mona's is one of my favorite middle eastern restaurants in the city. I have already tried the one  on Frenchman St. in the Marigny area. Now on to my review as to how this one stacks up against the other Mona's restaurant I have been to.
The service here was really friendly. The lady behind the counter was very nice. She was also acting as my waitress as well. Besides her there was only one other waitress in the restaurant. Given the fact that this place was also incredibly busy was part of the reason the service was kinda slow. Honestly that was the only negative experience I had here. I think they should consider hiring more wait staff. Given how busy they usually are.
Now for the good part. The food was off the chain. I ordered the chicken and beef Schwarma plate. Besides the chicken and beef I just mentioned this plate came with pita bread, hummus, and salad complete with yogurt dressing. It was very good!!! Just one thing to note, this menu does have vegetarian options as well.
This restaurant has a store attached to the building. You can go in and buy middle eastern related items. Turkish delight anyone? The best thing is that this place is located only 4 blocks from where I live. So yes this place is a good option if you live in the area.
In short good food, very convenient for people in the Mid City area, but very understaffed location.I ordered the lamb kabob with salad & hummus, and it was great. The falafel was some of the best that I have tasted as well. If you only eat halal, the lamb would be your only option. Staff was friendly, and didn't hurry us as our party stayed about 20-30 minutes past their closing time. The Banks location is a nicer setup inside than the Carrolton location. Go check them out!Gave me food poisoning!!! Please don't go to this place the servers were very rude to me and accused me of trying to skip out on the bill when I made of complaint of the food. A worker in the store connected to the restaurant by the name of Abdel made very derogatory racial slurs towards me when I walked in.This place has really good Middle Eastern food - Greek/Lebanese - and a lovely outdoor patio They do not serve any alcohol in typical Muslim fashion but they don't mind if you bring your own. That's actually really nice, because it means you can bring your own bottle of wine which makes for an inexpensive dinner or lunch. If you want to try a lot of things, order the appetizer platter and split it.
 For people that aren't super hungry it's enough food for two or possibly even three. If you're hungry it's a great thing for the table to share and then order whatever else you want.Mona's is a tried and true choice for Lebanese/Mediterranean food here in New Orleans! It has been around for 20+ years and it's definitely a local favorite. With 3 locations, always amazing consistently, high-quality, delicious food and a Mediterranean grocery store attached to the Banks Street and smaller grocery at the Frenchman Street location there isn't much more that you can hope for in a local restaurant.
Service is usually super friendly and the prices are very reasonable. There is something to try for everyone and every budget.
They have the most delicious creamy hummus you could ever ask for, and it is also available to buy by the pint or quart at the Banks street location (possibly at the other locations) This also goes for the baba ganoush, lebna and maybe some other appetizers and salads. Call ahead and check if you are looking to buy a large quantity for a party or just the keep in the fridge for the week 
. 
Some of my favorites include the Lebanese ice tea (with pine nuts and orange blossom water, soo good!), the hummus, lebna, baba ganoush, falefel (6 pieces) ~5$, eggplant sandwich 8$, lamb and hummus 13.99 and lamb kebab 13.99.... honestly they list could go on, you can't go wrong with anything here!
Definitely give the baklava a try as well!! It is flakey, honey, crispy deliciousness!One of the best Middle Eastern restaurants I have ate ever - they serve real Hummus and Baba ganush- the meat is superb and the offer great service- go there and you won't be disappointed!!!I I like Mona's. It's their play on Mediterranean food which is pretty incredible. The staff are very friendly and helpful, food comes out fast and it's Delicious.on a scale of 1 to 10 it's about a 10 1/2The food was great, I just wished we got there slightly earlier as the cafe was half an hour away from being closed.  The chicken shawarma was the best I've ever had.  The only downside was they don't serve alcohol, but I should have planned ahead, and brought my own as they will allow you to drink on the premises (it's New Orleans after all!!).Came here bc Adolfo's was crazy packed and we didn't feel like waiting an hour and a half to eat.  We walked down a few more blocks, saw this restaurant across the street and decided to give it a shot and we were not disappointed, if you're in the mood for Mediterranean/Lebanese, it's a great place. We had the hummus (appetizer) lamb ,chicken and steak platter. Everything tasted fresh , along with the drinks (tea).  I ordered the Lebanese tea, AMAZING!  Would definitely recommend ordering that if you want a different tasting tea.  All in all , we were happy for our decision to eat there.  
Great food and Staff !Initially ordered on Waitr, which I waited 10 minutes for it to not be accepted. So I place my order on the phone and cancelled my waitr. The man who answered didn't ask for a name, or about any drinks, and put me on a hold at the start of the call for 3 minutes. When I got in the restaurant, there were 3 tables inside. The hostess asked for my name to which she said they had no orders until I told her what to order. The food was all good, however the pita bread was very dry, and they only gave me 7 pieces of lamb when I ordered the largest lamb plate.The chicked was spiced deliciously and cooked really well. Service was fast and good. I've had better pita and hummus at other places.This is one of the best tasting mediterranean places in the city and has to be the best value. Food is consistently excellent, service is great, nice atmosphere. I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 stars because of the occasional problem with take out. It's nothing major and I'll keep going back but be prepared for them to give you fries when you order a spinach pie and I'm pretty sure they have lost my order all together and I've had to wait a while while for my order. I go here frequently and this has happened infrequently so it's not a big dealOutdoor seating available with fans. It's an easy lunch spot with a big menu and good, though less impressive food. Staff is friendly and helpful. Best part is the small market with imported canned and dried goods, middle eastern treats, and various olive oils.If you like refried Falafel then this is the place for you. Overated.  Cleos is worth checking out in the city , if you are in search of authentic,  tasty middle Eastern food.I've been going to Monas for over 20 years! I love their Chicken Lula! The store is ok, a little dusty but they have decent stuff. I remember it being nicer years ago. Always fresh food served in the Cafe.Nammura $3.50 each yesterday I ordered one, today, 2. You see where we're headed...it's delicious kicks our American blondie brownies to the curb. I also loved the combination kebab and salad and all the lovely pita they give in a bag. 
I've tried the foul, their fries, and the spinach pie 
I'll stick to the desert and the salad.Located in the heart of Mid-City, Mona's is on our short list of places to go for good fresh food at great prices with fast service. When the weather is nice, sitting on the front patio is an added bonus. 
We almost always get the same cycle of things. I like the hummus & Greek salad with chicken Shwarma, my wife likes the gyro sandwich and Lebanese Iced Tea. Today, to change things up, I ordered the falafel plate which comes with six perfectly fresh fluffy falafel, a generous portion of hummus and a side of green salad, or choice of white flour or wheat pitas and some yummy creamy tahini sauce. Ten bucks well spent.
There is also a small grocery store just off the patio. Great selection of hard to find Mediterranean food at great prices, fresh cheap pitas, spices, cheese, & canned foods. 
**I always stock up on canned stuffed grape leaves as part of my hurricane provisions and the best prices are found here.Great food, great prices, beautiful patio to enjoy when the weather is right. My favorite thing is the Greek Salad with Chicken Schwarma on top, off menu, but recommened by someone on staff and it is the only thing I order anymore. You can NOT go wrong with the hummus, the grapeleaves, the tabouli, the falafel...in fact I don't think I have encountered anything on the menu that isn't DEE-licious.Oh boy!!! The goodness & yumminess that exudes from this place is profound. 
From the servcie to the cost to the parking to the food... All just GOOD GOOD GOOS GOOD!!!! 
We had a sampler plate with Lenna, Baba Ganuj & Hummus. Then I chose the Grape Leaves Veggie Plate and my dining partner had a combo plate. Accompanied with that oh so tasty Lebanese Tea... Love the pine nuts.
Pricing was fair for all the food we had... Can you say LEFTOVERS?!?!?
Despite being located in a residential area, the parking was good; we drove up and bingo there was a parking spot... That's FAVOR!!!
The service was great as well. Our server was very attentive despite being multitasked as an outdoor seating host, server, food deliver & order taker... Hello that's a lot. 
I plan to go back especially since these food choices fall in line with my new food regimen.I've been coming to monas for years and they food quality doesn't change. It's always fresh and delicious. I get the gyro plate which comes with a salad, meat, hummus and bread. A lot of food for the price. Even with covid I did a easy and seamless pick up order!Large servings and delicious food galore! You can't go wrong with Mona's Cafe when you're looking for decently priced Mediterranean food that can feed you more than once. Their fresh made pita is served by the handful with every order. The hummus is delicious. 
I typically get the Chicken Shawarma and the stuffed grape leaves. The salad that comes with the shawarma is always tasty and fresh, and the hummus is definitely one of my favorites. Their menu is pretty lengthy with tons of options, which can be slightly overwhelming if you have no idea what you are looking for. I'm pretty basic when it comes to Mediterranean, but they do have some options for the more experienced folks!
For COVID, they are offering takeout/pick up only. They had an online ordering system (which does charge a couple dollars extra for service fees) or you can give them a call to place your order!Hmmmm-mmmm-mmmm-Monas..
I owe you an apology.
Years ago, probably 5 or so, I had a meal at Monas, and had the worse experience I can recall at a restaurant.
The food was bland, the service surly, and condescending.
So, I stayed away..
Man, was I a fool.
I was brought back through your door by a hungry wife after attempting to wade through the veritable river of people at Bayou Boogaloo (Which has gotten CROWDED over the years).
My meal was gorgeous, my service so friendly I almost felt like a regular and the prices are very fair.
From the Kallaya, to the Gyro, this place is ACES!!
Monas, you have won me back, and this is no easy feat.
From me, you get 5 Stars!!I arranged for a surprise birthday lunch here for one of my girlfriends and they were super accommodating! I made a reservation a few days in advance to let them know that there would be 12 of us dining and Catherine (I believe was her name) was so helpful and said she would have our table set up well in advance. We ended up having to move the lunch up by an hour and that was not an issue for them either. It is BYOB and they were happy to chill our champagne for us and had no problem with us bringing an outside cake. When it came time to cut the cake, they had fresh appetizer plates for us. Service was excellent!
I wasn't exceptionally hungry at the time so I just ordered the falafel appetizer. My husband had the lula kebab and said it was delicious (so good that I didn't even get a bite!) A quick scan around the table revealed that everyone enjoyed their food!
There was an issue with splitting up the checks--some people ended up paying more and one person's card didn't even get ran (?). It wasn't a huge issue for us but I thought it was important to note for those of you who dine in large groups and like to split checks.
I'm looking forward to coming back and sitting outdoors under their covered patio!Shawarma, by definition, is turned on a spit. Pieces of the meat are trimmed off & served. What you serve tastes in no way like Shawarma. You should change the name and / or stop serving that. Very disappointed. Evidently the quality of food served also changes on who is in the kitchen. The older lady cooks the best!Fantastic authentic Greek spot in Nola. Came after we saw the great yelp reviews and loved it! I had the chicken kebab plate with hummus, rice and salad. We also had meat stuffed grape leaves. The chicken was more of a kabob style than the traditional shawarma but had great flavor. Grape leaves were great as well. There's a Greek grocery attached to the restaurant which has an awesome selection! I came home with several bags of Greek items that I can't wait to try including a jar of grape leaves to stuff my own. Service was quick and friendly and we sat on the patio, which is also dog friendly.Mona's is always a consistent choice for decent to good Middle Eastern food.  This is probably my favorite location of Mona's and they have an attached Middle Eastern market here.  They have a nice outdoor patio dining area and the inside has some unique design features that give you the illusion you could be off somewhere in the Middle East about to feast.  I'm a fan of the combo kebab plate, the fried kibby and the Mona's Special appetizer combo plate.  I also like their iced mint tea as it is quite refreshing.  Service typically seems to be much more attentive and professional here than the other Mona's locations.
This is the same food you can get at the Byblos restaurants for a cheaper price and larger portions.  Some of the food certainly gets up to four stars but on average it is about a three star place.  It is also a market that has all sorts of interesting middle eastern grocery items that you can't really find anywhere else in the area.
It is like a cafeteria style dining arrangement where you order your food or you can choose things from the hot plates.  Most of the things I've gotten from the hot plates haven't been as good as in the restaurant so I usually go for one of the plate specials and those are almost always good.  The stuffed lamb plate was one special that I didn't care for as it was just lamb mixed with a bunch of rice and I missed my salad and hummus that comes with most of the other plate specials.  You get a lot of food here so it is a great value and an easy place for a quick lunch.  It is also right next to the Black & Gold store so you can grab some Saints gear and get ready for the game before or after lunch!!!
Mona's video review:
https://youtu.be/QUQbhgE0NRsI had Waitr deliver lunch from here. The grape leaves were cold and not because they got that way in transit but because they were never warmed to begin with. The rice was old and hard. The spinach pie was all bread, hardly any spinach. The hummus had a puddle of water in the middle and is flavorless. The salad wreaked of cinnamon. This is the worst food I have ever had in my life.Food was good!! Got the chicken shawarma and it was tasty as was the hummus and pita.
I highly recommend the fried Kibby !!!One of my favorite places. Thought the last two times, the kibbeh has been off. Not sure if it's a new cook or just them being super slammed but it's not the same. I normally get the lula kebabs or the chicken shawarma platter. So good and enough for two people. Also some of my favorite hummus to get especially for the price.If I would sum it up in one word, it was DELICIOUS. The service is OUTSTANDING. My food came out quick and hot.I love Mona's and have been a customer for almost 30 years but I'm immunocompromised and was really disappointed to see the kitchen staff cooking and handling food without masks or any other protection. If I'm wearing a mask to pick up take out for YOUR benefit, the least you can do is wear a mask while making food for the public. 
Guess I'm going to have to put this place on indefinite hold  :(
Still giving two stars because that lebnaMona's Cafe is a staple restaurant in Mid City, New Orleans. This casual spot has indoor and outdoor seating. With regards to COVID, the staff respected social distancing with seating as well as wore masks at all times. 
The service was very quick and super helpful! My waitress was very patient with me because i had no idea what to order because...well everything on the menu was so appealing! 
I ended up ordering the Mona's special which was plenty for two individuals! Each course that came with the special ( Hummus, baba ganuj, grape leaves, tabouli, falafel, kibby and lebna) was superb! My favorite was the baba ganuj! it had a very smoky flavor and it was super light! Also, im usually not a fan of tabouli because it can be very sour to my taste, but this one was very flavorful! 
I also shared the gyro plate! I wish there was rice to the plate, but the hummus and salad certainly made up for it! Definitely recommend ordering this combo! It was to die for!I really enjoy the grape leave plate, Lebna, and lamb chops at this establishment. They know how to perfectly cool the lamb chops to where they are flavorful and moist. The grapes are also well seasoned and not blan like most Mediterranean restaurants in this town. I hope they continue to keep up the good work.Super good food. Great prices compared to other like restaurants. Friendly staff and great service.Mona's has some of the more delicious, moist falafels I've had in the city. Yes please. The chicken on the mixed meat order needed more flavor in my opinion but the beef was tasty and even a little spicy. The sautéed vegetable plate was awesome! I was skeptical because no one had posted pictures of it but it was great. A large assortment of veggies as it should be. Only 4 stars because my mind wasn't blown. Nothing was wrong but I wanted to be more wowed ya know?I can only speak to delivery, which is all I have had from here. I have gotten the beef schwarma plate and the chicken and gyro plate. Both arrived piping hot, delicious and the portion sizes are generous. I look forward to actually going in to eat here once things settle down more.Mona's Cafe is a local chain of Mediterranean food with this location being my fave.  It's located on Banks Street just a few blocks off of Carrollton so it feels very neighborhoody.  The building is part restaurant and part ethnic grocery store but these 2 places are completely separate.  
We came here as they opened at noon on a Sunday and were told to sit where ever we wanted so we chose one of their 10 or so outdoor tables.  When I went inside to use the little boys room, I noticed the interior of the restaurant was really nice.  I was actually surprised by how nice it was given the price of the dishes.  We had to sit outside though because being Memorial Day weekend, this is probably the last chance at decent whether before the swamp devil comes for his annual simmer visit  
The lady friend had a grilled shrimp plate and I got the beef shawarma.  It came with the a salad, humus and the beef.  The y also offer white or whole wheat pitas which are baked fresh in house.  I loved the fact that the pita was slightly charred from a grill.  The meal was really great and a bargain for 11.99.  
If you need to get your Mediterranean fix, you could do a lot worse than coming here.Ordered the Gyro Plate to go for lunch. Was so excited for the hummus and side salad that came with the plate considering I have not had Greek food in a while....unfortunately I was SO disappointed and still am, especially with the customer service team at the Banks Street location. 
I specifically asked for Feta Cheese on my salad with extra dressing..did not receive either. When I got back to work immediately I called and complained about the issue. The host was rude and inconsiderate. I understand this is a fast-casual restaurant, but the level of service should still be 5 star. I did not receive that.
I asked for the number for the owner, she hesitated then proceeded to give to me. I called the owner, he seemed off. He then said "ok come in and i'll have your name written down and you can get what you ordered again"
The only reason I am giving this review 2 stars is because of the Lebanese Tea. That tea is addicting. Go to Mona's for the Lebanese Tea and that only.Love the Gyro meat here, always moist and tender and the platter is enough to share, Topped off with a Lebanese Tea it's my go to comfort food!Chicken kebab plate. Huge portions (eaten for just about 2 meals). Chicken is perfectly seasoned as well. Their hummus is incredible, as is their seasoning for the salad as well. Literally found myself polishing off the plate to get all the sauce.
Abundant seating as well, and street parking nearby.
Only downside was that food was quite slow, it felt like they were focused on getting food delivery orders out the door. So keep in mind maybe that is the move.We get takeout from Mona's all the time and it's always consistently great, fast, and reasonably priced. The fried cheese is a must every time we order. It's so fresh, it squeaks! 5/5 recommend.Covid19 Update:  Still one of my favorite places to get a delicious, and relatively healthy meal, in Mid-City, but right now take-out is your only option. Last week I used the Yelp app to order some takeout, then we grabbed a few things in their little grocery store and took our lunch to City Park and enjoyed salad and hummus underneath an ancient oak in the shade.  
The grocery store was stocked with all of the usual items. And, because it is a tiny corner store, it wasn't packed with a bunch of people trying to get in my space.  I bought some spices and a few cans of stuffed grape leaves to add to my pantry while maintaining a safe distance.As soon as I walked into Mona's I felt the authenticity from the decor to the smells coming from the kitchen. I met up with a friend for lunch here and was impressed by the food and service. The menu is traditional Lebanese/Mediterranean food in the heart of New Orleans. Everything I tried was delicious. The Gyro Meat, the creamy traditional hummus, the Lebanese tea is goooood, and the pitas are always warm and delicious. The portions are huge so be prepared for a to go box. I love this place truly, the staff are always smiling and willing to go over and beyond with whatever request you have. Defiantly a staple for good Lebanese/Mediterranean in the city.Mmm, fresh and delicious! Ordered dinner here last night by phone and food was ready within 15 minutes. 
We got the chicken shawarma, stuffed grape leaves appetizer, and gyro plate. Their hummus is some of my favorite in the city, and the pita is huge and made in-house too. Another random favorite, their salad dressing! All the flavors combined are truly so delicious. I didn't try any of the gyro plate, but there was definitely no leftovers! A hearty meal that doesn't have you feeling tired and bleh afterwards. Stuffed grape leaves were also a favorite! 
Overall, for the price you pay and quality you get at Mona's, you can't beat it! Will always recommend them to those wanting Mediterranean.Hummus and pita bread was standard. The lamb was the tough and overcooked. I ordered pickup on a Friday night and was very disappointed.This was the best Middle Eastern food I've had. I was in Mid City and very hungry. Decided to try Mona's for the first time and this was the best decision. I enjoyed the Chicken Shawarma dinner served with salad, humus and pita bread. It was a good amount of food. I left full and satisfied.  I plan to visit Mona's again soon!Mona's is a New Orleans treasure. The customer service is impressive. The staff is very friendly and attentive. Their food is fresh and delicious. We had hummus which we LOVED! My husband had a gyro and loved it! I had a basic Greek salad, and was impressed by the feta cheese (subpar feta cheese can break an otherwise tasty Greek salad). I also had falafels, and enjoyed them. This wasn't my first time here, and it definitely won't be my last.Always great for take out and they have a covered outdoor seating area. Mona's has one of my favorite kibbeh's/kibby in the city. My favorite thing to get is the Mona special appetizer and the Nammura dessert.Mona's is always a consistent choice for decent to good Middle Eastern food.  This is probably my favorite location of Mona's and they have an attached Middle Eastern market here.  They have a nice outdoor patio dining area and the inside has some unique design features that give you the illusion you could be off somewhere in the Middle East about to feast.  I'm a fan of the combo kebab plate, the fried kibby and the Mona's Special appetizer combo plate.  I also like their iced mint tea as it is quite refreshing.  Service typically seems to be much more attentive and professional here than the other Mona's locations.Food was great, take out process was smooth and on time. I got the chicken lula, but the MVP was the hummus.I'm a long time diner of this establishment, like 20+ years. I've always liked their food. I had a bad and disconcerting experience today. We went to eat on the patio. We got there and the woman I guess she's the owner or manager was sitting outside smoking. She was not friendly AT ALL. That said she was pissy about selling baklava and just generally not friendly. I went to support her restaurant and to support her staff ( I left a $25 tip on a $40 bill.) 
It really makes me sad thay she acted this way. Since there are other options I might not go back.We ordered pickup and the transaction was swift, restaurant was clean, staff was polite and the atmosphere was lovely. I kinda wish I stayed, partially because the air conditioning (not gonna lie). The food was great, 
Naw AWSOME too!
EAT 
LOCALFood was great but the bread did taste Store bought which was disappointing. Will we go back?  You better believe it!Food is good and consistent. Wait staff is excellent. Best hummus compared to anywhere else I've had it. Would highly recommend.Mona's is like your old buddy from college who you take for granted. Just like your friend, you love Mona's...they're always a great stand-by and when you visit, it just feels so natural...but sometimes you forget about them. 
Mona's has several locations around town, so it's easy to take for granted and then stumble upon, just when you need delicious food. The Midcity location is the best, in my opinion. There's some parking, which is a nice perk and the decor is pretty rad. Nice outdoor seating area and a Middle Eastern grocery shop as an added bonus. 
The gyro is delicious, but the secret treat is really the eggplant sandwich. Trust me on this one. 
Four stars only because I so often forget it's there...but am always so happy when I remember.After a few years of eating on the patio once a month or so and loving the food and atmosphere I am very sorry to say that I JUST ordered a gyro for pickup and it was honestly the worst I have every had in NOLA and I've been here 20 years and have tried my share of gyros
Such a shame, I did call in though and left a message so hopefully they may think about using meat that was seriously inedible the next time. It had obviously been sliced long ago and probably let on the wrong side of the grill.  But more importantly, there is NO way anyone preparing that gyro would not notice the burnt "shoe leather" on the cold & stale pita that they just wrapped up for me to drive over, pick up, and drive back home excitedly only to find THAT in my bag and have to discard after one bite.  Even covered in lettuce and sauce I could not get past that crunchy dry "meat".
Goodbye Monas (regrettably that is)
A LONG time customer
* Only adding one more star because of the past pleasant experiences and getting past my initial anger!