Ordered steak and was told that the hand cut steaks had not been cut by the chef today and was offered an optional cut, the fillet.  The steak was tender but had a peculiar taste to it. My wife tried the shrimp Alfredo and the sauce was watery and bland. The French fries were seasoned well and they were the best part of the meal.  We were seated in front of an open window and had a homeless person poke his head in the window and start up a conversation. Not the New Orleans experience I was looking for.   Skip this place and look for some other place to eat.Great spot for locals and tourists alike! Shrimp and grits were incredible! On a Sunday during brunch the wait was only about 20 minutes. The waiter was prompt and kind upon being seated. Must try the "Effin amazing" drink!Shrimp on po boy was fantastic. Great breading. Bread was stale. Waaaay too hard. Fries were seasoned well. Seafood gumbo was good. Food took quite a while to come out but for only being open a week...not bad. Place should do well.  I will be getting fried seafood platter next time. Looked amazing.Just had a house special burger with Monty fries! OMG! So good! So full! & Gaby is AWESOME @the bar! Be aware... They close at seven pm...The sign for beignet fries caught our eye as we were on our way to eat at Café du Monde again, and boy am I glad we tried Monty's. The beignet fries were absolutely amazing. I would just order those the next time I go, and the amount you get is more than worth the $9 menu price. We split them between two of us with the Cajun Queso and Pico and we were stuffed by the end! Our waiter, Lloyd was so friendly and made conversation with us between tables. Definitely a great choice, especially if you don't want to wait in the line across the street.Bloody Marys are to die for here. Great service here and located in front of Jackson Park so you have a great view.This has been one of the best breakfast's ive experienced! First time for the Eggs Benedict and so Satisfied with my choice! Portions were more than enough- not to mention the southern, classy,  yet prompt service the moment we worked in from Llyod! Polite,  casual conversation as he served us with his pleasant demeanor.  Across the street is the Cafe Du Monde (over rated)... Monty's, good and service- true southern hospitality.The hostess had zero personality and got upset when we asked to move since people were sitting directly above us. The waiter Lloyd was fantastic great personality very informative about food and sights. Fried green tomatoes were $13 for 4 slices and the beignet fries were tough as a bootBad service.  Gumbo had shrimp in it that was lean cuisine sized.  Bloody Mary "pickle vodka" (even tho I asked for Ketel One).. it made me wretch.. absolutely disgusting.It all started because I needed cash to get some goodies from Cafe Du Mode so I had to go to the atm across the street.
Wanting to be proper and all I decided, with prompting from the rumble in my tummy, to eat lunch FIRST and have goodies next... thus my encounter with Montys...
The staff were friendly enough and the menu offerings seemed like it would be enough to tame my tummy so I proceeded to order a favorite dish... red beans and rice (BABAY) con a bloody mary . To my delight chicken was the side kick to the dish. It came out lookin tasty and man them red beans made it rain in my taste buds but the chicken fell flat....whomp whomp. It LOOKED delish and tho it was juicy it was ALSO void of flavor. The red beans was the only thing keeping my interest in this dish on life support. 
Monty... we gotta have a chat bout ya chicken spices or the lack there of... #lesigh I'd lose all my cool points if I sent my friends here for bland chicken. 
Let me know when you're ready to create a thunderstorm of flavor in my mouth...until then...Loved this place. The drinks were good and the food was great! Just what we needed after a late night out.This place is fair. The location is great right on the square. The food was ok. I had a poboy and the sandwich was not bad but it lacked in sauce and was a bit dry. My husband ordered the jambalaya and it was lacking salt and when I tired it was not the best. The service was ok but the waiters seemed annoyed. I would only recommend his place if you are super hungry and can't find anywhere else to eat.This place was amazing! Don't wait in line across the street come here grab a drink and get the beignet fries. Don't believe any review on here that's not 5 stars, if I would have trusted those reviews I would have missed out on some of the best food I had on my entire trip. We split beignet fries, fried green tomatos and the breakfast dish with the fried chicken all of them were so delicious and the staff was amazing. Also our drinks were perfect.This place was cute and the food was tasty! We randomly walked in because we were starving and saw that the prices were good. There was a 15 minute wait so we sat at the bar. The bar is marble and super cute for pics if that's important to you. I got the egg white omlet with peppers, onions, mushrooms, tomatoes and potatoes. The potatoes are great and the omelet was huge! The bartender was also super nice, as she was from our hometown. Recommended!Good food and fast service.  Large bar and small tables.  With the huge line at Du Monde across the street, it was s great option to jump into a table inside in A/C and enjoy done great food.  Eggs Benedict was good, but hollandaise was spicy like it had mustard in it.  It was still good but not buttery so temper your expectations.  The brunch poboy was good but lots of bread and needed more inside. Erin was awesome waitress!We went here for breakfast because the line for du Monde was ridiculous and I'm so glad that it was! Our party had the crab benedict, the French toast, mimosas,  beignet fries, carnivore omelette, and pancakes and a side of bacon. It's worth mentioning that the side of bacon was enough for 6 people to have some. The mimosas were wonderful! I definitely recommend and will make this a regular stop in NOLA.Looking for a scrumptious bite to eat in the middle of the French Quarter, stop here! Breakfast food and Cajun classics on the menu make it hard to choose but no matter what you pick it's delicious! The muffaletta is amazing! Highly recommend, especially if you're looking to share. The decor is simple with colorful New Orleans landscapes that echo the local artists right out side the doors in the square. A great experience and yummy food!My eggs Benedict was made with hard boiled eggs. $15. 
Oscar Meyer deli ham on a stale English muffin.
At least there were potatoes so I didn't leave starving.Beignet fries. Get them. They are amazing. Server was awesome. Good Nawlins food. Po-boys were HUGE and tasty.The service sucked! flies everywhere and one fell in my beer. i asked for it to be replaced n they brought me another beer in my same dirty glass. i always put lime on the rim n same glass. ordered appetizer n it never came out. save the time go somewhere else.Very disappointed to travel all the way to New Orleans to order a Po Boy's and instead get a mediocre sub at Montys.  Bread was cold, no spread, and there was a hair on it! The food runner just said "ha" and walked away. I could've made a better sandwich at home. The only reason this gets a 2 star is because our waitress was very sweet and tried to do what she could. Will go somewhere else in town next time and hopefully have the famous Po boy.Truly the best sausage biscuits and gravy I ever had In my life! And I know it's a little much to add a side of sausage with it but it was so tasty! The vibe was chill and modern mixed with the New Orleans old timey style. We were there for Mardi Gras and we were able to get a seat at the bar and we drank fireball at 11am and stuffed our faces so we could refuel for another night of drunken debauchery. I had a great time and really enjoyed my food. The Bloody Mary I had,  I remember was perfect. Just how I like it... Spicy! I recommend this place for anyone who doesn't want to wait in long lines at the hipster popular places, this gem was a nice find!Huge portions!!! Don't order the Po'boy unless you have a friend to help lol. The food was fantastic. Get the Beignet fries as an app! They are fantastic! 
I had the red beans and rice with grilled chicken and a side of seafood gumbo. Was absolutely delicious!Disappointing. Stopped in for lunch. We had the crab cakes and they were very bland. The fried green tomatoes were just OK. The best thing about them were the shrimp on top. The Pimms Cup was good but not spectacular. Service was OK.This place is nice and clean. The food was excellent. I had the bbq shrimp. It was perfect. Service was a bit slow but other than that it was great food.  The drinks are well made.  Everyone was very nice and professional.  Hanna the manger is awesome.  She is very professional and looks to take care of the customer. She is the asset the place.After walking all day across the city I settled on Monty's on the Square for a recharge of my phone and a cool drink. Their cocktail Cool as A Cucumber is remarkably refreshing and hydrating. I ordered a flatbread and enjoyed it; however, based on the menu description, I was imagining fresh sliced mozzarella, rather than shredded. Great service, good location and great cocktails, but I would probably skip the food.Stopped by Monty's for some lunch with the family.  Classic Burger was more bun than burger and was very mediocre.  Two of my kids were very satisfied with the shrimp and fries off of the kids menu.  The wife had the red beans and rice and was very satisfied.  Service was fast and friendly.  I only give two stars because the food was not worth the price.  I recommend ordering off of the kids menu only.Great service even on a busy holiday weekend.  Best place to get a true taste of the infamous BEIGNETS in New Orleans.  Beignets fries were the BOMB! Will definitely go backFriendly service. Food was not great. Biscuits and gravy came out cold. Provided huge portion of bacon, would have been happier with less but better flavor.we were there for breakfast, first, two bloody marys $26.00, and they were just ok, but for that price they should have be great. the server kenneth was very good, the best thing about the meal! the coffee was just bland and no taste. i drink my coffee black. biscuit and gravy was a sorry item and along with the omelette. will not go back!Saved the Day! After a horrible experience at Tujague's on Mother's Day I was left without a place to have a celebration brunch. After wandering around the FQ with a young child trying to find somewhere that was not already booked we stumbled upon Monty's. They were very nice and were able to squeeze us in. We waited only about 10 minutes for a table. The food came out quick and was great and affordable. Extra plus for the delicious mimosas that were only $6! We will be back! Thanks for saving my Mother's Day! :)Decent food, but definitely over priced. 
We ate here for brunch and the food was pretty good, but our server was very standard for price we paid. Kept giving us attitude on simple requests, had nothing to suggest in terms of orders, and when it came time to split the bill, he seemed as if we were asking him to sever a limb. 
For a mandatory 18% gratuity on a party of 6, I would expect the server to mention this, as opposed to just giving mediocre service with the guarantee of a hefty tip.
If you're going with a large group, just split your tables up into smaller groups. It will make it easier for the staff to wrap their heads around.My friend and I were feeling hungry while walking in Jackson Square in the French Quarter. Monty's caught our eye because of their large open windows so we could people watch as we ate. This is definitely a great place to people watch - we saw artwork by local artists, musical performances on the streets and some interesting characters working about!
I ordered the jambalaya omelette which was a unique twist to New Orleans cuisine. I loved it and had more than enough for two meals since the omelette was huge! The side of cheese grits was fantastic as well. My friend ordered the beignet fries and was super excited to have leftovers (buuuut unfortunately left the to-go box at the restaurant...rookie move).We were on our way to Cafe Du Monde, needing to erase the taste of another disgusting breakfast establishment out of our system. This place is right across the street and caught our eye with their advertisement of beignet fries and king cake beignet in their large windows. 
Our server Sandy was great, very friendly and upbeat. The beignet fries were nice and crispy and the king cake nice and pillowy. They were both very good. My boyfriend also tried the grilled sausage sampler; I didn't try it but he really liked it. 
Even though we just stopped here for something small and ended up taking most of it to go, I'm glad we did. It was much better than the other place, both in taste and experience.Cannot recommend. I rarely write a bad review but.... We went in for a late lunch. The service was marginally ok and slow and some of the food was really not good and several of the menu items were not available, including their house burger.  The fries were Luke warm and soft, and the chicken slider was awful- I spit it out and could not eat it. I thought something was wrong with it and nicely mentioned it to the waitress. She said that was how it was supposed to taste. I don't know how to describe what it was like but I lost my appetite after one big bite. (I used to wait tables and I would have offered something to remedy the bad experience, but that did not happen here unfortunately and I'm not the kind of guy who asks for the manager and makes a big stink of things, although I probably should have.) 
Bottom line, the food quality overall was not good for the price.Food was really good. I would have given it more stars if the food didn't take forever to come outStarted with beignet fries and also had the Jackson Square (omelet full of crawfish and shrimp) and I had to try the sausage gravy with biscuits.  All was great, though I prefer my sausage gravy...think it's because their biscuits were not as dense as mine...and Dustin was our server and was quick and friendly.  We'd recommend this place BUT the appetizer fries are enough for 3-4 people and could be a dessert as well!My friends and I loved the food the service was great. Place is clean. La comida muy rica. Gavy the waitress  was great very nice girl.Service is good but No frozen drinks and no American Express. Last time for me. No pina coladas in New Orleans? Seriously?The services was good but food not so much.  White wash omelet was super greasy and the French toast was soggy as it could be.  The beignet fries were good - they tasted like funnel cake.
The Bloody Mary was spot on and perfect!I just wanted something light, ordered a kids menu item. When order came out, it was a big plate. Asked waitress and she said manager doesn't let anyone over 12 order from kids menu. Would have been nice to know before hand?  Felt like staff didn't care if you were there or not.I wanted thank Chelci she is an amazing hostess, she gives customer service a beautiful name.   Glad we dropped in for a bite to eat...Chelci made are stay wonderful.  
Thank you so much Chelci!Came here for brunch and omg their country breakfast is delicious. The southern fried chicken that comes with it has a very unique taste that me and all my friends enjoyed, eggs were cooked perfectly over easy and the strawberry French toast is divine if you are having a sweet tooth.Disgusting. Good was delivered cold. Eggs Benedict was raw egg - not even the white was cooked. I sent it back, and it came back barely cooked and somehow cold to the touch. Potatoes were salty. Service was rude. Don't walk by he kitchen to go to the restrooms. It's filthy. Stay away!  Don't let the prime location fool you.AMAZING! The sweet cream pancakes are so good but wait until you add the banana foster which makes the delicious!! Staff and service was great!Not the most clean restaurant, but definitely far from really bad. It is in the French Quarter though, so not much seems clean there, in my opinion. The food here was good. I ordered the biscuits and sausage gravy with bacon. The biscuits were tender, the gravy the correct consistency. I wasn't a fan of the sausage in the gravy though. I just didn't like the flavor or texture, but I'm picky about sausage and Im sure there are folks who would like it just fine. The bacon was thick and tasty. They serve fresh brewed iced tea (Luzianne) and they have it sweet too. For some reason that's difficult to find here in New Orleans.I might be able give it a better review if I actually got my food. Service was terrible. There is so many more  better places in Nola to go.I'm writing my first review in over 5 years simply because of how foolish so many of you sound on here. Let me ask one question: When you go out to eat, what are you looking for the most? Nice bathroom? Nice chair? Nice table? If you said yes to any of those, you're a real dumbass. Personally, when I go out to eat, I'm looking for one thing and one thing only: a good meal. And that, my friends, is what they deliver. Sure, they might not treat you like royalty, but they definitely won't treat you like shit either. For example, when the chef brought out my burger, he told me right away he forgot the bacon on my burger. Now that, that is impressive. Most chefs won't admit that they are wrong, but I really appreciate them more when they admit their mistakes. He came back with a mountain of bacon and a smile on his face. The burger and fries were delicious, and our server was friendly. What more can I ask for? Nothing. Get off your high horse, people.Beignet fries were hard as rock and tasted just like pure frying oil. Banana foster French toasts had literally 3 tiny slices of banana. Taste was just okay. Service was quite slow. Don't think I'll be back.Great brunch.  King Cake beignets are the best thing I've had in a long time.  Served only 2 weeks before Mardi Gras so your window is small.Stopped in for brunch on New Year's day.  Service was friendly and prompt.  The Cajun Benedict was off the chart...best benedict I think I have ever experienced.  Highly recommended.Best jambalaya in New Orleans. Their omelettes are absolutely amazing. Grits were superb. Extremely friendly service, good food portions, and considering its location in the French quarter, pricing for the portions were good. Bathrooms were a little bit away and tucked it a corner, but was very clean. With the windows open you get a beautiful breeze and a busy street life to keep you entertained while you eat. Overall an amazing experience. I would recommend this place to anyoneGreat food and very friendly service. I highly recommend the beignet fries. We are here before and after the cruise and had the best waiter. I will definitely return anytime I come back. Hard to find great genuine service.The food here is terrible, don't be pulled in my the nice fancy Windows or the bustle of people here. They're here because the line for cafe du monde is super long. My mom ordered an omelet, most bland thing she's eaten here. I ordered the burger, if you can even call it that. It was a hog poge of different meats, I physically feel ill now. If you see this Rearurant, keep walking.Gotta love a place that they care about the customer more than anything else! The gal behind the bar was "here try this" or "here try that"! Great fun for an afternoon of day cocktailling!Don't be tempted by the great location on Jackson Square...this place offers up some of the worst service in the Quarter. The table next to us (who were seated after us) received their food before we even got our water. The crabcakes were fried to a crisp and the sauce over the fried green tomatoes was completely void of flavor. With the abundance of excellent food in this city, please do not waste your time/money/taste buds on this place!Great service! Our server was very friendly and attentive. The Gumbo was yummy. Blackened catfish with shrimp was superb!Travis served us and he was wonderful. Very funny, fast and provided some suggestions and answered some questions about Nola. Delicious food - shout out to the biscuits and gravy and anything Benedict. Oh and the best Bloody Mary .eh. out of all the places to eat in new orleans, my boyfriend picked this place out for dinner. i wasn't too impressed. i got the pasta and it was just so bland. i never thought i'd say that about any restaurant in new orleans, but i was deeply disappointed. the service was on point though and that's why i'm giving it three stars instead of 1 or 2.  the location is prime - right by the cathedral.Monty's is located right on Jackson Square, across from Cafe Du Monde; its prime location for refueling whilst exploring New Orleans. 
We walked in just before the lunch rush. Since we had a larger party, we had to wait about 10 minutes for a table to be available.
Service was decent. Our food was delivered in a timely manner, however, the waiter was difficult to find at times.
Food was meh. I had the crab cakes and they were slightly over seasoned, however, I appreciated the large amount of crab they used.I went here for my last breakfast before heading back home and i'm so glad I did. Staff was super nice and down to earth. Kenny, my waiter, was friendly and very welcoming. Great sense of humor as well. I had the French toast cooked in amaretto butter with bacon and fried green beans were to die for. 
Monty's is across the street from the famous Cafe Du Munde but that place is overrated and constantly overcrowded. If you want fast service, friendly smiles with air conditioning and delicious foods, come to Monty's. You will not be disappointedThank you for the delicious dinner, Monty's! We'll be back soon!! Check this place out for some classic local fare. Family-run business, nice people behind the yummy food!Monty's was a very authentic nola experience. The staff were very professional with the nola graciousness we've become accustomed to receiving.  The brunch po'boy was delish, my husband thought the French toast with bacon was tasty, but average.I've read some other reviews that weren't so great about Monty's but I can honestly say this place is unbeatable for breakfast. The food is really good.  When you order a side, they bring a plate piled high or a bowl full.  The quality of the food is really good here.  Great location to people watch and the waitstaff are super attentive.  PRO TIP - Order a bloody mary with their house pickled vodka.  Game changer.Let me preface this by saying I never leave bad reviews. I have encountered my fair share of bad food\ service, but this was different. We walk in and our server (a white gentleman) quickly sat us down. However as the breakfast went on, it was clear he was not interested in serving us. He seemed attentively checking and talking to  all the other guests... that is all the other guests that weren't Asian. He only came around to give our food and take our check. We were waiting for a simple refill of water. An African American waiter was going around other tables to refill glasses. Once we finally got his attention,  HE SHOVED A WHOLE PITCHER ON OUR TABLE, left with no word, as if to say serve yourself. I have never encountered this blatant discrimination and disrespect in my 50+ years. We will only be in town until tomorrow, and unless this management gets back to me back then, this is a warning to all those looking to patronize this eatery. I really hope they do not let hate proliferate.We ended up coming back here for brunch 2 days in a row after being treated poorly at Vacherie (to say the least). Kennith M. was our waiter both days and he was as nice as he could be. The food came out quick and tasted amazing. I highly suggest the Beignet Fries and the Country Breakfast. Definitely the best grits I've ever tasted.Great food, large portions and the service was excellent. The location is perfect being in the Quarter and busy area. Non rush serviceAs locals who moved out of town several years ago, we foolishly gave this joint a try...the former establishment (River's Edge) was OK - and the location can't be beat (people watching!!).   Monty's somehow managed to obliterate every NOLA classic.  The only thing they got right is their location.  So, here it is, cher:
We started with a New Orleans classic: a French 75.  It was abysmal.  Cheap gin + cheap champagne and just a hint of lemon juice out of a bottle = nasty.
Ok, next up was fried green tomatoes sans the unnecessary shrimp topping.  Flavorless!!  With a side of pink mayo - NOT in any way, shape, or form a Remoulade.
On to the so-called Debris Po-Boy...it was NOT, and I mean NOT debris!!!!  Chunks of cheap beef.  No mayo.  Flimsy lettuce leaf (one).  tiny peace of stale tomato.  What a disgrace to a NOLA classic.
Sadly, there is more to say...the catfish...which was cut WAY too thick (= slimy); bland seasoning; and fried in grease that tasted gross (bad aftertaste)...for $23.  
On a positive note, our server was very polite and prompt.  It is NOT her fault that this place is a mess.
We walked out having paid $75 for a hard-earned lesson and promptly sprinted to a REAL NOLA establishment...Red Fish Grill.I only stopped in for a drink so I cannot comment on the food but the service was great, the restaurant was clean, and it was packed on the weekend when I walked by at a later time. 
The bartender was extremely friendly and offered up some nice advice for places to visit and where to look for quality music. If this service for a single drink was this great, I can only imagine Monty's would have a 4 or 5 if I had actually eaten there.The Bloody Mary is amazing.  The portion size of my omelette was enough to share.  The grits are creamy and flavorful.  
When you visit you have to try the Bloody Mary and the hurricane.I'm gonna keep this short and sweet. Go in. Order the Brunch Po Boy. Thank me later. I was totally hungover on New Year's Day and not only was it good, it might be one of the top 3 Po Boys I ever had. 
You know how most Po Boys are huge, messy, borderline inedible, mostly bread and once in a while if you're lucky you might find a shrimp in there. Forget all that noise, go the breakfast route. This was made with that famous Leidenheimer bread, has fried green tomatoes,  bacon, cheese, runny eggs, lettuce, tomato, and a real kick ass remoulade sauce. I tasted everything in every bite. 
I walked in feeling like 10 bucks and left feeling like 100 bucks. Sorry I really meant for this to be short and sweet.OMG!  Great food! Great service! Friendly helpful staff! Good prices with healthy servings!  We had shrimp n grits, black n blue burger, fried green tomatoes,french toast with blueberry sauce, alligator sausage po boy (great sauce) , private club po boy.  All of it it was great!  Highly recommend.  We will be back!My friend and I had breakfast here and it was delicious. I ordered the traditional breakfast with rosemary home fries.Loved this place! Great food for everyone and great service. Convenient location in jackson square and great Beignet fries! Recommend the jambalayaFast friendly service. The food was unimpressive. Ok of you want to get lunch out of the way and move on to some fun NOLO style.For one of the choicest locations in all of the French Quarter, this place could be so much more. It's sits at the juncture of both Jackson Brewery and Park and Cafe du Monde, and should rightfully be the premier breakfast bistro in the Quarter, but what you actually have is a middle of the pack operation going on inside a gorgeous tin-panel-ceilinged classic French restaurant, service a bit lackadaisical, no special treatment, a damned ATM machine sitting out in the open, just basically tacky. There's nothing overly special about the food other than the tourist-bait names of the choices, seen on my menu photos. Positives: open early, right across from Cafe du Monde, so that after coffee, you can walk across and have a sit down breakfast decently enough prepared, served by a semi-interested server, and if you need cash, you can do your ATM business right in view of everyone in the restaurant. Oh, and sriracha ketchup, so they've got THAT going for them.I'm sorry to say that this was not a good food experience! I ordered the creole jambalaya that was supposed to come with sausage and chicken but there was not a bit of chicken in it. The jambalaya was soggy and flat. It came with green beans that were undercooked, hard, and not warm. The waiter apologized and warmed the green beans but they were still inedible. And I think I was overcharged. I see that the jambalaya is $16 but I was charged $22 and some change. My only extra was a soft drink. I did have a very attentive waiter. But I would never return!Horrible. We made the mistake of trusting the Trip Advisor rating. My husband and I stopped in for lunch because it looked like a good location to people watch and listen to some street musicians. We ordered Red Beans and Rice with Sausage and Jambalaya with two iced teas. The red beans dish was so flavorless that we ended up adding a ton of salt and tabasco and then resorting to squirting sriracha ketchup into it. Nothing helped. The jambalaya was mushy and the green beans on the side were tough and chewy like leather. Our bill was $44 before tip and was, by far, the worst meal of our trip. We left hungry and aggravated.Great service, great prices and AMAZING food! The atmosphere was great also. This was my first time to NOLA and my wife, son and I have ate brunch here everyday. It's the perfect restaurant!Service was quick and attentive.  Biscuits and gravy was on point.  Skip the Moscow Mule and go off menu... The Irish Mule was delicious!This is pretty much an overpriced Denny's. The food was not fresh at all. I ordered the Crabcake Benedict, and you could tell it was just a frozen patty. It was fast though, but not worth it.A great spot located in Decatur street (right across from Jackson Square) that offers all day brunch. The bacon is so crunchy and good!!! My friend got the jambalaya omelet and said it was tasty.We went there for breakfast as we had planned to get beignets across the street at Cafe du monde but didn't want to wait 30 minutes to then sit outside in the heat for only one option-beignets. The food at Monty's was all awesome. We got the beignet fries-better than regular beignets! We also got te Cajun boudin Benedict, which was awesome-so different and very NOLA-esque! And then my dad got a build your own omelette which was really good as well. It was a little pricey, but not crazy expensive and the food was worth it in my opinion!Best Bloody Marys in New Orleans!
If you haven't had one of their famous Bloody Mary's then you haven't had a real Bloody Mary! Every time I go to NoLa, I stop here for one. It's a non-negotiable. Can't wait to go back and try their new menu!
Special thanks to Fred for your help in making my Austin, Texas wedding feel more like New Orleans! My guests will be over the moon :)I must say, I have been to this restaurant many times, and happened to be in the restaurant on April 10th. Matthew O. wrote that he had a horrible experience with the wind tunnel and the manager. This restauranr has nothing but nice people, the servers, bartenders and managers are all wonderful. For those of you who don't know, April 10 was durring French Quarter fest...one of the busiest times of the year, was it windy...yes...was it a hurricane....NO!  I sat and watched the manager listen to Matthew talk down to him. Restaurant workers are there to serve you...they are not your servants and work hard to make a living!. So, go to Monty's the food is great, people are as well!Great food and service. Stopped in on lunch break and wasn't disappointed at all. A new favorite.First let me say that the competition for your food dollar is intense in New Orleans. There are so many choices it can be a bit overwhelming, but if you're in the Big Easy, try this charming place for breakfast. 
We started with amazing coffee and some of the best bloody marys I had had in NO, made by our delightful server, Dustin. It's a signature cocktail in the city and these stood out. 
Our breakfasts were served beautifully. My choice was a southern breakfast of scrambled eggs, fried chicken with biscuits, grits and gravy, which I highly recommend to anyone with a big appetite. 
One friend had the French toast made with amaretto butter and luscious bananas foster, and my other friend had the healthier white wash omelet made from egg whites and loaded with veggies. Each one of us raved.
In a city filled with great food, Monty's on the Square stood out.Located right across Cafe Du Monde. 
 Yum! Great bloody Mary's, excellent service and excellent food. We ordered gumbo without seafood and I ordered a chicken Cesar salad. All dressing made in house. They were very generous with the chicken Too!Ate here during Mardi Gras. I ordered a grilled chicken Caesar salad and a cup of their chicken and sausage gumbo. The gumbo was terrible! Tasted very processed. Only way I was able to stomach it was by excessive hot sauce! The salad was alright however they forgot to put the chicken on it and then brought it out to me after I was almost done with the salad. There is much better food in the French Quarter don't waste your time or money here!Meh....... That about sums it up.
The food isn't horrible and it's not amazing however it's def different to the photos uploaded by the restaurant it self.
The location is awesome and I feel the potential of the place could be incredible however it just misses the mark.
Also the service was very mediocre, very friendly however very slow without any reason for it.We were visiting from out of town and ate here for three straight meals. Service was outstanding and the food was AMAZING. Can't wait to come back next year.Open dining with live music across the street, the ambiance is right and the views interesting. The French Fried Beignets were very good, NOLA's take on a funnel cake with a Monty's twist. My Beef Po'Boy was just okay, improved when I introduced it to my Louisiana favorite McIlhenny Tabasco sauce. Overall it gets a 3/5.If I can give a zero star, I will, but the lowest I can score is 1, so 1 it is. I had crab cake egg Benedict. Everything even the grits were over cooked and it was just gross. The waitress didn't check on me once. She took my plate which, I barely took a couple bites out of and didn't say anything. Really disappointed. Save yourself some money. Don't go there.Saltiest fried food i've ever had, not eatable for me personally, our waiter was awesome thoughCame here with two young kids in February 2016.  The location is good as it is directly across from Cafe Du Monde, and the line is substantially shorter.  As I am writing this now a month or so removed from the actual visit, I can tell you that the two memorable things were the Beignet fries, which were if nothing else different.  Ours were warm and crisp and overall good.  They are strips of beignet dough fried up and covered with powered sugar.  Not sure what else to actually expect from such a dish.  They were a good starter, and of course better when warm.  As for the rest of the meal, I think I had the French toast which was fine, and my sister had some eggs, neither of which were overly memorable.  My kids shared pancakes, which if nothing else were a very generous portion.  Probably the most memorable thought was how remarkable it would be to finish the entire dish of pancakes.  Coffee was alright, but could have been better.If I could give it zero stars I would. HORRENDOUS food, service and drinks.  The only reason it's there is because of Cafe du Monde across the street.  DO NOT GO HERE!!Server and service are very nice and friendly. 
Gumbo soup was delicious, burger was very dry and blend taste compare to other place. I rather buy from McDonald compare to the price.  We want warn that milk is very over price and unreasonable price. Anyway no complain because it is tourist city that we never be back again. Overall price is unreasonable   Dont recommend anyone to dine in hereDo NOT go here!! My boyfriend and I wasted money on this place could not even finish our meal. I went to this location last year and it was not amazing but it tasted and looked much better.  This time around it was hardly edible besides the fries. There are to many places in the quarter to even settle for this mess!We had the beignet fries and a couple teas. Service was good. The birds coming in and out is fun to see. Nice place to get out of the heat and sun and use the bathroom.The perfect breakfast for a long day of walking. Cajun eggs Benedict and regular eggs Benedict were delicious, hot, and fast too! Would definitely go early for meal time as this place fills up quickly!Don't waste your time here. Our server was as sorry as any server I've seen. We got our food without  silverware,  10 minutes to get the silverware then the food was cold.
I was asked by the server if i wanted him to microwave my cold 20 dollar plate of food. I would think they would glad to re make the dish.
So if you want a 20 dollar microwave dinner, come here.
 Terrible, terrible, terrible ! !Great food, excellent service! I don't understand the low star review.  It's right across cafe du monde.  Café su monde has a looong line.  Not worth it for me.  Came across the street for breakfast and delicious king cake beignets! They are beignets dressed NOLA style stuffed with cinnamon sugar. Seriously to die for! Oh and the Bloody Mary has been the best by far! Great service by Dustin. Cute restaurant.We ordered eggs Benedict and the seafood omelette as well as a pancake. The eggs Benedict was nothing spectacular, and neither was the seafood omelette. The pancake gave some redemption. The pancakes are infused with cream-something that may very well alter my future drastically. The vibe is very good being right on the square. Our waiter was top notch and very helpful about not just the menu but what New Orleans has to offer.This southern and traditional fair tops the rest. Incredible location and better food. Gravy and Biscuits with fried chicken made my day that much better.We are in town for a conference and stopped here on a whim. It was pretty good but the prices were too high for what it was. Our server was great and food was tasty. But there are cheaper places around town that we'd probably try next time.Travis was amazing!!! We were a little hesitant at first about the spice level of a few things and he let us sample them before we committed. The service was amazing and the food was delicious!Tourist trap!
First; I forgot my credit card in the jacket after paying. Two hours later "someone" spend 100$+ in Nordstrom and subsequently tried to abuse the card several times until my bank closed it down. That's a first for me - and I have traveled in some bad countries all over the world.
Second; The food was thrown on the plates and was bombastic, boarding on the vulgare. For the price it was just plain abuse.
We were 5 people, 2 adults and 3 children and had breakfast.
I joined Yelp to simply warn others of this place.Great location always helps of course but the breakfast here was excellent on top of that with only a 3 minute wait. A much needed Bloody Mary was tasty and the food was delicious. Really hit the spot. Also had excellent service, thank you Kenneth!First, this is a great area to visit. On the corner, great breakfast and brunch.  They give you more food than you can eat. One review here called it "huge." It certainly is. They also kept filling up your coffee. Great service. Very attentive, even though the place was packed.  Loved the omelet, but could only eat half, even though I had asked for ingredients, which included mushrooms and they had many different kinds, not just one. It's a big deal to me as in all that I have ordered with mushrooms, it has never been this good with so many varieties. I could have split it easily, but it was after we placed our orders.  One of us had Eggs Benedict and the other a traditional breakfast.  Wonderful. Beignet fries.  Wish I had discovered Monty's earlier in our visit as only ate here once.Nice location, good coffee and pleasant service. Traditional Eggs Benedict were tasteless. Added tons of salt and pepper and hot sauce to make it have any flavor. Hash browns also very short on seasoning. Does not fit New Orleans at all in term of the flavor explosion I have come to expect. Hopefully just a bad morning for them or the regular cook did not show up.The food and service was excellent! The chicken and sausage gumbo was spicy but not too spicy. I loved it.  We also enjoyed the braised beef sandwich on French bread which was delicious.  We topped off the meal with creme brulee made with real vanilla beans.  Definitely worth the visit!We ate. The food was good. Service was ok.
I asked for the bill.
Our server added a "service charge" of $4.65 and did not say anything (there was 2 of us). My girlfriend and I are in the restaurant business and understanding people make mistakes, we read our itemized bills carefully. I thought the added charge may be a policy so I read the menu thoroughly and there is nothing stating an added service charge to a check. 
Another waiter took the credit card & check presenter to our waiter who returned with 2 credit card slips, no itemized copy of the bill.
I waited for him to return to ask him about the added service charge but after 10 minutes he did not re-enter the dining room. I scanned for a manager and did not see one. 
We left no tip and exited.
We returned 5 days later, the morning before our flight.
Different waiter.
No service charge.
I asked him if it was Monty's policy to add a service charge to customer's bill. 
He said no. 
I noticed that our first waiter was behind the bar that morning and asked if that was "so-and-so." He said yes and I asked for the manager. 
The waiter said, "he is the manager this morning's shift."
I asked if there was a GM or owner on site.
He said no and asked if he could be of assistance.
I thanked him and we departed.
Monty's, coming from an experienced restauranteur, you have a staff member with a manager's card who is scamming tourists by adding service charges to guest checks and making you look bad. Your location will keep you busy. You should read the POS reports & confirm the "service charges" for Deven S. 
Even though the waiter from our second visit was delightful, we are in NOLA often and will not return.My wife and I had a late breakfast here yesterday.  While not at all cheap the food was fairly good.  Wife ate an omelet with potatoes and I had the crab cake benedict with the same roasted potatoes.  The omelet was ok, just a simple thing really, but it's what she wanted.  Both of us felt that the potatoes could use a bit of help in the flavor department, but they were acceptable.  The crab cake benedict was very good.  Good enough that I'm going to try to copy the recipe here at home.
Solid restaurant, good service, decent food, but I did not stand out to me.
I would not hesitate to revisit it, but this restaurant won't be at the top of my list.Camehere for breakfast my first full day here and Omg the beignet fries are addicting!!
The eggs Benedict are very good but the cheesy grits changed my mind about grits. 
Service is great and our server Ashley is very friendly. I love this place. The fun is just beginning...Worst bouncer ever on New Year's Eve.  This black guy wouldn't even let me use the restroom. He said I wasn't a paying customer even though I had been at the bar.  He should be fired.I was pleasantly surprised by my lunch here. I had a delicious roast beef po'boy that was so cheesy and so huge, I couldn't eat it all. The bread was great - moist on the inside to soak up the juice and gravy from the roast beef, but crunchy on the outside to hold up so you could hold the sandwich and eat it. My friend had the French roast and raves about it to the point where I'd almost wished I'd gotten a breakfast item and had brunch, but my sandwich was so tasty that I was very satisfied. Service was standard and price was a bit high, but that's to be expected given its location. I would definitely go back here again.My wife and I eat at Monty's every time we take a trip to New Orleans, which is several times per year. The prices are good, considering the location directly next to Jackson Square. The food has always been good and with large portion sizes, my favorite being the red beans and rice. We first went there years ago with our three small kids and they were accommodating to the point of seating us near a wall so we could place the double stroller out of the way of other customers. Last time we were there (10/19/18) the waiter noticed a camouflage I had and asked if I was a veteran, to which I replied that I was. He thanked me genuinely for my service and took the check back and added the 25%, yes, 25%, military discount. They have breakfast all day, beignet fries, good French onion soup, great red beans and rice, and they have a brand new dish called crawfish mac & cheese. I actually was the first person to ever order it, and it was a great choice. Pictured here is the first dish of crawfish mac & cheese ever served at Monty's (minus a few bites).Had the country breakfast. Very good but the Bloody Mary was excellent with the house infused vodka.Get the Jamalaya Omelette and a Bloody Mary. You're welcome. Service was great and attentive and the location couldn't be better!Oh my gosh what a breakfast. Skip the fancy donut place across the street and order the crab and shrimp omelet! It was to-die-for. Biscuits and gravy was also phenomenal and I've been thinking about the sausage on the side ever since. 
Maybe the best meal of the whole trip to NOLA!First time visiting New Orleans and told we had to visit Cafe Du Monde...welllll, they only took cash, so we headed across the street to Monty's. There was no wait to be seated. Our waiter was FABULOUS and very tentative. The food was great. I ordered scrambled egg whites, biscuit and potatoes. I almost forgot the best part, BEIGNET FRIES!!! They were AMAZING!! The potatoes were seasoned well and the biscuit was so moist and chewy. I would definitely go back.Monty's was so good, it warranted a second visit! Lloyd was an attentive server and we were pleased to be seated in his section both times. Hubby got the jambalaya omelette and cheese grits both days. He's still talking about the dish! Save yourself from the crazy long lines you'll experience across the street at the famous beignet place.Dustin was a godsend. Honestly. We went to a restaurant before this and waited an hour and a half with no food. We walked out of that restaurant out of frustration. We happened upon Monty's and got seated immediately. We explained to our server Dustin what had happened at the previous (crappy) establishment. He had appetizers on the table in two minutes flat, which we demolished. Food is great, Dustin was extremely helpful and personable. Come here, you won't be disappointed! Thank you Dustin for making our crappy morning better!I had the pleasure of having breakfast at Monty's on the Square and it was absolutely amazing. This was my first time in New Orleans and I figured why not give this place a shot as Cafe De Munde was insanely packed, let me tell you this place didn't disappoint. The food was absolutely amazing! I order the Breakfast Po' Boy and I enjoyed ounce of my meal. The Beignet Fries were also a great add on to any meal! The food smelled great and the place had nice atmosphere. Our waiter Lloyd was great and provide very friendly service. He even recommended places for my friends and I to see as we were new on the town. But in all, everything was great from the food, to the coffee, to the service and atmosphere. I would recommend this place to anyone visiting New Orleans for the first time.Very good drinks and bakery and dessert! Food is amazing! Idk why so many people go to the outdoor restaurant across the street next to the river. But this one is indoors and have better food! And warmer for this cold cold winter. I suggest you guys come here!Great service from Loyd!  The fried green beans were amazing! The drinks were yummy and very pretty to look at. Would for sure come back and recommend to others!We were touring the French quarter with our children.  Finding a non-bar to eat at was a challenge.  The pizza place we initially selected was closed down.  We then decided to eat at a well reviewed burger restaurant.  It was a bar.  We then went to a sit down restaurant that needed a visit from the restaurant impossible dude.  There was mildew all over the menus and they had stinky carpet.  Pierre something was the name.  We decided to head back to our hotel but walked right by monty's and decided to give it a chance in spite of the poor reviews.  We had a fine experience.  The server was not overly friendly but he was efficient.  Food came out fast.  My only complaint would be that it wasn't super hot but it was good.  We had the roast beef fries, shrimp, chicken tender kids' meal, bacon hamburgers, etc.Tried all 4 of the restaurants around Jackson Square for breakfast last week, plus Cafe Maspero down Decatur. Monty's was the only repeat trip for me. Stanley's food is a little better, but it's aggravating to get into.  
I especially liked the rosemary breakfast potatoes. My daughter enjoyed the beignet fries. If you like the taste of beignets (who doesn't?) but find them a little too cakey, this is your ticket. Service was good both days, my coffee cup was kept filled, food was prompt and well prepared. Never made it back for lunch or dinner because of the number of great choices in the French Quarter, but I'd recommend Monty's for a good breakfast.Wonderful place to eat! Our server was wonderful and the atmosphere was inviting. We were a group of 3 so we got seated quickly. Everything we ordered came out perfect and delicious. I got the bacon BBQ burger and it was great. My friends got the gumbo, fried shrimp, and fried fish. We will definitely be back!I work in the French Quarter and really wanted to try this place after seeing everything they did to remodel before opening. I finally went on my lunch break today....oh my. That's all I can really say. We sat down and the place is super cute. Our waiter greeted us quick but was noy overly friendly. Our food came out fairly quickly. Maybe a little too quickly. We got the Monty Fries to start and they looked delicious...but at first bite the nacho cheese, cold beef debris, cold bacon and subpar fries only promised to disappoint.   I had a Mediterranean Grilled Shrimp wrap...with raw shrimp. The string beans that came with it were bland and raw. My co-worker got the Chicken Alfredo pasta and it was sour (?).  We told the waiter, and with one swift move he took our food and gave us our bill - which they did take out entrees off. It was almost like this was routine - no apologies, no offering something else, no even "hey let me see if they can cook your food all the way." It wasn't the server's fault, so of course we took care of him, but we left hungry and annoyed.
All of the food looked great, the restaurant looked great - but beauty is only skin deep. Monty's on the Square is like meeting a really good looking fella, getting to know him and realizing he is a complete jerk. This place has the looks, but everything they offer on the inside is a complete waste of time and stomach space. As a local, I cringe at the idea of poor tourists coming in here and thinking this is the famous New Orleans cuisine we are known for. It's not. Monty's fails to execute this and I will never recommend or return to this place.We stopped in shortly before closing looking for a taste of New Orleans. The food was decent, and the service was good. The place overall was pretty run down, and because of the humidity, there was water leaking on us from the ventilation system which sucked. And two other things that I think are really anti-customer, that seem common in the French quarter: they won't split the bill, and the tip gets added to your bill in advance. 
So this is a decent place, but don't expect to be blown away.Mediocre at best. It's a nice location, but it was our least favorite meal in New Orleans (including the street food we tried). 
We came in for breakfast and it tasted okay. The value wasn't great and service was just okay. It is across from Cafe du Monde and right around the corner from Jackson Square, so there is an opportunity for people watching at the very least which is nice (more interesting than the food in Monty's or the lackluster service).Passing through New Orleans and wanted to stay for a couple of days. Wanted to go to Café Du monde but the line was so long we came across the street to Monty's and are we glad we did!!! We tried the beignet  fries and the French toast with amaretto Batter with a strawberry topping! We were both blown away at how awesome the food was - and had wonderful service provided by Travis!!! 
If you want a delightful surprise try the Beignet fries!!!!!! They are the best ever!!!!!
MONTY'S ON THE SQUARE is a MUST STOP!!!Meh. Had the "seafood" gumbo. It was mushy shrimp and rice. Not very good. The remoulade with the fried green tomatoes was pretty good.The restaurant was clean and bright. We ordered white washed omelette topped with crab meat. The omelette was cooked to perfection. Grits was perfect, had just the right amount of butter. Husband ordered crab cakes Benedict. It was tasty and flavorful. Food was good and our waiter Dustin was awesome; very courteous and friendly service. Will definitely visit this place again!Lloyd was absolutely amazing! Service was fast and delicious. He always kept our coffee cup full and gave us some suggestions on where to go around town to make the most of our trip. The food was the best southern breakfast you can ask for...biscuits and boudins! We will definitely be coming here again during our 1 weeks stay in New Orleans.Walking around looking for somewhere to have brunch and I spotted Monty's. Walked in to a rustic decorated bar/restaurant where something was smelling real good! The server was friendly and the food hit the spot. I had the shrimp platter with fries. The shrimp.were small and heavily breaded but tasty. Nothing special but nothing bad either.Great breakfast!!!! Everything is amazing. Beignet fries are to die for and so is the carnivore omelet!We had breakfast here yesterday morning. We were seated almost immediately and the waiter brought us water as soon as we were sat.  The waiter was wonderful! He brought us a sample of the pickle vodka they use for the bloody Mary's. It was so good! We ordered beignets to eat while we looked over the menu.  The beignets were small and tasty and honestly were the best we had so far. The were filled with cinnamon and sugar. 
For breakfast we order two breakfast po'boys and two Crab cakes eggs Benedict, three of us ordered potatoes and one had the grits. Oh my goodness was it good! I highly recommend it!Monty's on the Square, perfect location on the river walk across from Cafe du Monde. Adorable brunch place perfect for groups!The food had very good flavor. I ordered the crab cake eggs Benedict, it was very good. The service was good and the staff was friendly.We ordered some beignet fries. They tasted fantastic, but they were a bit pricey for us. I really can't say much more as we didn't order any drinks or additional food. I was really surprised that they would be right in the heart of the French Quarter but still close at 5 PM.Popped in out of the mayhem on Mardi Gras for a late afternoon tide us over snack.  Dustin was wonderful!  We had Red Pepper Fried cheese and . . . Wait for it. . . The King Cake Beignets!  OMG!  They were filled with a cinnamon sugar butter delectable something-or-other!  I discovered a new cocktail:  Ginger Beer and Makers.I was a big fan of the previous restaurant that was here years before but I will say Monty's did not disappoint!  New life has been brought to the Square.  Bloody Mary's!!!!  Beignet fries right across from Cafe Du Monde is a bold choice but I ate every one and nearly licked the plate after.  The fried green tomatoes are in a clearly homemade mustard remoulade and their breakfast Po Boys were something to write home about.  The wait staff was incredible, attentive, kind generally lovely and I will be coming back for more on future visits.  I truly hope Monty's will flourish.Ok so I was on my way to to ruby slippers and found out the wait was 1hr and 40 minutes 
.so we ended up at Monty's because we were hungry. Walked about 10-15 min there. Once we got there we were sat instantly. Super happy because we were hungry. So Travis was our server. He arrive 5-8 minutes later and wasn't much of anything. He wasn't rude so that's a plus. Ordered a peach Bellini, fire cracker shrimp ,crab Benedict's and a side of French toast. Chille let me tell you. Bellini was delivered 3 minutes later and I was confused. Some guy dropped it off. Served in a plastic cup and look like champagne or wine. Couldn't tell. So I flagged him down and asked "what Is this?" He said we don't serve anything in glass during Mardi Gras. Totally understand, but they do sell plastic wine and champagne cups. I was like ok "where is my peach?" Anyway, fire cracker shrimp arrived and wasn't impressed with shrimp size or presentation. Then our food arrived and wasn't impressed with anything. My crab cake was dry and my poached egg wasn't poached. With frustration I actually yelled out " my eggs are not poached" Travis came to the table and attempted to fix it. Oh did I mention the horrible grits they served. I don't know if it's a normal local thing to serve sweet grits with cheese. But I was once again left confused. I payed for my friend food because she was disappointed and because I recommended this place. We didn't eat our food and didn't take it to go. If you enjoy flavored food with rich and fresh food. This is not the spot.Went here because cafe du monde was too crowded and needed breakfast stat. So totally touristy. Right on the corner of Jackson square. I usually avoid these kinds of tourist traps, but again-starving. 
We ordered beignet fries. Probably my favorite things we ate in Nola. So incredibly yum. This plate is the sole reason this place is getting a 4 and not a 3. They're so good I almost gave it a 5, but could not because we ordered biscuits and gravy to share as well and the gravy was eh and cold. Biscuits however were super yummy as were the grits and cheese. This place has carbs DOWN! Local artists were also walking over and ordering breakfast and lunch. 
Service was great and it was a gun place to watch the artists set up on Jackson square.My husband and I ate here yesterday after deciding not to eat at BB King. The food was pleasantly good.  I had the blackened catfish and he had the seafood platter more than enough food. I will eat here again when we come back.Today I hit the jackpot! We were sat by the open window facing cafe du monde. At 9 am there were plenty of tables available. When I saw the cajun benedict had boudin in it I was sold!!! This meal alone made my trip to New Orleans a success. As a bonus I ordered the grits and they were cheese grits, perfectly seasoned. I will be back in town next week and I'm already dreaming of getting this masterpiece again. I GAH-RUHN-TEE you won't be disappointed!We had some incredible Cajun seafood gumbo here and our server was wonderful!! We were starving after a log day of travel and this really hit the spot!Crab cake Benedict was incredible. Fast service great food and drinks. We had a peach Bellini and it was really food!Great place for a quick drink or brunch near Jackson square. Casual yet well run with an eclectic breakfast/lunch menu of New Orleans favorites. Beignet fries and Debris eggs Benedict were both winners.A nice restaurant on the corner. We stopped by here for breakfast (and to get out of the pouring rain).  The decor was a little on the "fancy side," with marble style tables and cloth napkins, but there were Heinz ketchup plastic bottles on the tables and the servers appeared to be dressed in simple black outfits put together from their own closets, and they were not as friendly as I would have wanted.  With that being said, the food was actually pretty good, which offset the inconsistent decor and ok service.  The food was pretty good. My wife had the build your own omelette and I had the classics burger. Both were quite good, although the prices were a bit high, most likely because of its corner location right in the French Quarter area. My burger was $16 and the omelette was $11.  Overall, I would recommend this place if you would like good food and an entertaining view of the streets of the French Quarter.Great Breakfast was had by all. Omelets were fantastic and the eggs Benedict were very good. Strong recommendation to go here to eat!My boyfriend and I went here after visiting the Presbytere. The food was well-portioned for the prices. We had the chicken and shrimp gumbo ($7) and the Crab Cake Benedict ($16). Our order got mixed up. We had ordered the seafood gumbo. The chicken and shrimp gumbo was good, so we didn't mind too much. We also had to ask for the grits that came with the Benedict instead of the potatoes that we got. Our server was very accommodating however, and brought us our grits immediately.) The grits are extremely creamy and had a cheese-like taste to them. Great service (besides the mix-up) and well- priced food!The restaurant looks nice and clean. We had the alligator and shrimp po' boys. The bread was dry. The shrimp we small, but the alligator sausage was moist. We ended up just picking the gator and shrimp off.So the food wasn't great, very forgettable however that is not the issue that I am writing about. Me and my mother came by for a quick dinner before going on a tour. The hostess didn't even stay two words to us, rolled her eyes and sat us. The waiter we had seemed very bothered that he had to serve us. He was cutting me off every sentence and was very short with me. I came in there hoping for some awesome bread pudding but the waiter didn't stick around long enough to listen. We shared the red beans and rice (we didn't want to give this establishment any more money) and it was very subpar. I left with no dessert, extremely unhappy and upset at the manor at which I was treated. Terrible experience, please spend your money elsewhere if you can.The food was good but the service was amazing! Our waiter was so good! This was the last place we ate in NOLA and it just solidified how good the service is in NOLA. My sister wasn't satisfied with the grits and our waiter went to the kitchen and made her a new batch of grits himself and it was absolutely delicious!Really great location. Best pickle Bloody Mary. Had the Eggs Benedict, it was less than par. Very bland flavor and the ham was like deli lunch meat. My potatoes were soggy but warm. Spent $38. Best thing is atmosphere, I think they get a lot of the people to this restaurant because Cafe Du Monde is across the street and the line for that was very long.So many places to eat in New Orleans and so little time. Monty's is an excellent choice while near Jackson square.
The server was courteous and prompt. He provided great advice about the menu. 
We will definitely be back on our next trip.Friendly Service; Tasty French Toast & Bacon - Oct 2018 - On a hot day this well air-conditioned restaurant was a welcome relief. Next door to Jackson Square & across from Cafe du Monde. There was no wait to be seated. We enjoyed a simple late lunch of French Toast & Bacon [$12/ea]. Its not cheap but comparable to what we're used to paying in a metropolitan area. Although the description of amaretto-infused batter was very appealing, there was no noticeable taste difference to regular french toast. Service was friendly.Beignet fries and king cake beignets are amazing. The place is nice, can get loud esp. with the work staff sliding chairs around. The food, service, and drinks are great though, and one of the better places to enjoy brunch on the square.Monty's has become a must stop for us when visiting New Orleans. Generally high tourist areas don't offer the most quality food or authenticity in a city, but Monty's does just that. Simply put: Delicious, authentic food. Great service. Super reasonably priced. And the best Bloody Mary's around. Pro tip: when the line at a Cafe du monde is backed up down Decatur, go over to Monty's for food and order their Beignets.We had a large group and Monty's was where we settled on eating. First of all, they allowed us in early because of our size (12 of us). I ordered a Bloody Mary as my drink. It was a excellent. Definitely spicy but not overbearing. The chicken and sausage gumbo was okay. Not the best but also not the worst. For my entree I had the fried shrimp po boy. It was great except for the lettuce. The shrimp was generously portioned and it's served with Cajun fries. For dessert we checked out the beignet fries. Great idea! I would come back to Montys for sure.I loved my breakfast ! 
I had the shrimp and grits with a side of fried shrimp ! Absolutely delicious . Very creamy and cheesy grits and flavorful sauce . & The shrimp was fried to perfection ! 
My waitress was very pleasant and they had beignets at cafe du monte right across the street. 
Go ! Eat the local food and enjoy yourselfThis place is AMAZING!! No need to go in depth about everything y'all just NEED to try Monty's!!Walked into this place after being up 22 hours and sleeping 4 for a buddies bachelor party. Was really out of it and ordered the traditional breakfast to play it safe. I don't know if it was fatigue or lack of sleep, but this platter was glorious!! With a mountain of almighty bacon on top of bacon! They were very generous with the bacon I could go back there and kiss the cook! The service was good. The rest of my food was also up to par. Would very much recommend this place.Me and my wife sat at the bar and were taken care of by Jordan. She was incredibly friendly, very knowledgeable hand gave us some incredible places to visit throughout our honeymoon. Food was great, chicken tenders especially.We stopped in after waling around the French Quarter for a small appetizer to sack on.  Gary greeted us in a timely manner and was pleasant. However the food was meh. We got the Monty Fries and all it ended up being was run of the mill french fries, bacon, roast beef and nacho-esque cheese..it was so NOT worth the money at all! Can't say that we would be back again!This place was soooo good. First restaurant we went to in New Orleans and no complaints about this place. Service was amazing and the place had a great atmosphere. I got the crawfish Mac n cheese. So rich and creamy. Can't stop thinking about it lol.Best place for breakfast in New Orleans hands down. I had the pancakes and they were delicious, tasted like cake. Would definitely recommend.Got the eggs Benedict with a poached egg. It was cooked like a hard boiled egg. Very disappointing. The potatoes were hard and not fresh.The Crab cakes were delicious. Also the beignets with cinnamon filled was better than Cafe De Monde.From start to finish it was awesome.. but what happens when no one is looking is the best! After my wife and I ate we separated our extra food(non-touched) we gave it to some homeless guys.  When we returned to our hotel we felt the urge that we needed to return and give them more food.   When we returned we saw employees of this establishment GIVING FOOD to homeless people!! Wow!!  When we walked inside to commend them, they said "we do what we can to help"   GREAT JOB !! ....and on the 4th of July we are reminded of our great country and its people when we work together! God bless this business!!!!OMG the eggs Benedict and creamy grits were everything!! The gumbo was delicious and the location is prefect as it's near Jackson Square and across the street from Cafe Du Monde. Great service as well.Came here for lunch - OMG - grits to die for - bomb biscuits- very moist southern fried chicken breast and country gravy!!! Will def return!!! Some of the best country gravy ive had.The Banana Foster plate was amazing . I didn't eat the bacon served with it  because the plate really didn't need it and it seemed like the microwaved type. I also tried the Biscuits and Gravy which where a great combo for when I need to take a break from the very sweet but delicious bananas. It looks like they caramelized or fried the bananas which gave it a great and unique flavor. I think I've found a regular for when I'm in New Orleans . The view and natural air that flows through the windows makes great ambiance.Seriously the best breakfast we've ever had. The eggs are amazing as is the biscuits and gravy and everything else. Huge portions of bacon that were cooked perfectly! We went back for a second round the next day. Much better than Cafe du Monde across the street and no line!Boyfriend and I were walking around and stumbled upon this place right about breakfast time. The food we got was outstanding. I got beignet fries, and it was probably one of the best breakfast's I've ever had. My boyfriend got the biscuits and gravy and he said it was delicious. It was so good, while we were sitting there eating, I texted a friend who is coming to town next week and told her she had to come here. 15/10 recommend this place!I ate with a group of friends and made a meal out of side items by ordering grits, an egg, and a biscuit. It was $6 for all of this, which is a bit expensive, but whatever.  Everyone else ordered full entrees. The entrees were all over $10 for breakfast items.
Eating here was a painful experience. Our server was lazy, but what do you expect when you have mandatory gratuity? He had no financial incentive to perform.
He set the jugs of water and coffee on the table for us to do our own refills. I didn't mind so much, but I figured I should mention it because it was not a typical experience for me.  While this isn't tangible, I just got the sense he was burdened by out presence.
We got one check at the end. New Orleans is the only city I've been to where I've had waiters who struggle to split a check up. We asked our server to split it, and he said we had to do it ourselves, to find a pen and write on the receipt who got what. Again, this is something the server should do, and that servers most other places - even other places in New Orleans - can figure out.
Between the over-priced food and the rude service, you won't leave here happy. You're better off finding another spot.Excellent service, the BBQ shrimp, deconstructed shrimp, and gumbo were great, but the beignet fries stole the show.  A great location and beautiful restaurant. It was a very pleasant dinner experience...I would highly recommend. The only minor hiccup were the drinks, they were a touch off.Breakfast here is soooo good! The beignet fries are so much better than the crowded places! I had the crab cakes Benedict one morning and the Jackson square omelette the next! Yum, both sooo good. Oh and the grits are out of this world!!!The bread pudding outstanding and  
one of the best tasting I've ever had. It was moist, had raisins and set off with a sauce and whipped cream.In a word....GO!!!! And let Daisy help you! This place is right on the square & order the "EFFEN AMAZING". Why? Because it is "F"n amazing! And if you are lucky to go when the Mardi Gras beignets are on the menu...get those too!!!!Great location! This is an open air restaurant that lets you eat inside while enjoying the sights and sounds on the street. When we arrived we were told the wait was 15 minutes but were seated in 5. The food was really good and came out fast. I highly recommend Monty's.Great Grits!  I am a grit connoisseur!  Always in search of great grits!  Stopped by this place after wandering aimlessly looking for the perfect breakfast. I have to admit, I was starving and it looked like there was an open table at the bar. So I took a change. I thoroughly enjoyed my basic grits, eggs, and English muffin... with coffee and juice.  I am a grit connoisseur!  Always in search of great grits... and I was quite satisfied.  It really hit the spot.   will definitely stop by again when I return to NO.My wife and I were originally plant on going to the cafe across the st but the line was ridiculously long. We saw Montys and thought to give it a go. Food was delicious, beignet fries were wonderful, and the selections they offered were broad. Would recommend for a quick bit with friendly service.This place was pretty good. They definetly have a high price point. Probably because of the location. 
I ordered the Crab Benedict with the grits. I really wanted a panacake, but they would not let me sub the grits for it. They are both $3 a side, not sure why it would have been a problem.  I was disappointed in the amount of food you get for the price you pay. The side pancake should have been no more than $1. And it wasnt even that good, I've have better. That rest of my food was good. 
My friend ordered the fried chicken breakfast. It was good but somewhat dry and definetly over cooked. 
I probably wont go back unless someone begs me to go with them. Id recommend finding somewhere else.I literally have no words for what I experienced. The hours on the website and google say they close at 7:00. We went to get a quick snack before a tour at 4:50 and 10 minutes later they flipped the sign to closed. The staff was rude, yelling across the restaurant and sneaking drinks in to the office. They took my water glass for a refill and didn't come back with a water. Get it together.Great fried shrimp poboy and muffelata poboy! It was quick and had good seating.Took us in straight away but there's a reason this place ain't busy. Our food came out within 5 min of ordering. Chips were soggy/stale. Mains inedible. My beef po boy was a disaster. Soggy bread and stringy meat. Completely inedible. The other dish we got (fried chicken burger) was dry and tasted terrible. The "hot" dipping sauce tasted like bleach but without the desired physiological effects. Coffee tasted like filter paper. Really disappointed because it was overpriced for what they served. The tables around us seem to be having similar issues, swapping plates and leaving uneaten food. I don't want to know how old this produce is. Staff eating behind the kitchen counter, schlepping around in dirty clothes. Also ripped us off a dollar. This place needs Gordon Ramsay.Stopped by for breakfast while on vacation. Our server was Gabby - and she was amazing. She warmly welcomed us and helped by making recommendations which were perfect!! Eggs Benedict and crab cakes eggs Benedict were delicious.We were hungry and want to try creole food,  I had the jambalaya, some had the broil oyster, fried oyster, fried shrimp and fried chicken.  The food was okay but the fried chicken was really dry .... so my friend complained and the waiter sent another fried chicken ... and it was not as dry .... so I would give this place 2 stars only.  Next time when I'm in New Orleans will not try this place again.My favorite place to get french toast! My step son is a super picky eater and he loves the food here too. We've been coming here for a while now and have never been disappointed. The staff is always so friendly and polite. Another bonus is that the service is always super quick. Love coming here for brunch! Highly recommend this place!Clean, inviting atmosphere
I had the Private Club.  It's a serious sandwich for the kind of appetite you might expect to work up walking around the French Quarter for hours.  The meats aren't your standard cold cuts.  This was real deal Thanksgiving Turkey, Christmas Ham and Sunday Roast.  They put it all on buttery Texas toast.  The fries are mildly seasoned and the perfect side.  Others have remarked that the service was poor.  Service is probably the reason I wouldn't give a 5 here, but I would call it unpolished more than anything.  Everyone we encountered was very friendly, and our server was very attentive.  They weren't extremely busy when we ate, so I suspect that's why the staff was a bit more relaxed than if they would have been hustling.  I would go back without question.Everything at Monty's is pretty standard New Orleans. I think the reason people go to Monty's is because of its location (right across from Cafe du Monde) and convenience. We were hungry at 4:30 PM and wanted to eat something so we got it! Prices were decent, their gumbo was alright. The kid's gumbo size is perfect for someone who just wants a taste so would highly recommend.We went to praline connection were extremely disappointed but we came to montys on a whim and were extremely surprised with the service and and food will be back and definitely recommend Erin you are the bombGreat atmosphere to enjoy breakfast!  Yummy, cheesy grits but very filling!  One of our favorites when visiting Nola!The extra star is for the good service.  The food was terrible; this is obviously a restaurant that relies on a constant influx of new tourists rather than establishing repeat clientele.  I had the shrimp and grits (the grits were the consistency of mashed potatoes with absolutely no taste, the sauce reminded me of a bland teriyaki sauce) and the green fried tomatoes (tomatoes were somehow crunchy.) I recommend walking a little further into the quarter to have an actual good meal.Good food... not great food. The fried green tomatoes weren't cooked soft enough... the bacon was cooked too much... the bread on the po-boy was not worth eating bread... the grits were good. Great friendly service though.Oh my gosh, this is the best service we have had from any waiter in NOLA or anywhere for that matter. He was amazing and went above his normal duties to make us happy and feel welcomed. The manager was also very nice. The service was very fast. We all got different food, 1 breakfast, 1 sandwich plate, and 1 shrimp dinner, and it was so fast coming out. The kitchen staff is awesome too as all the food was delicious and fresh tasting. Probably one of the best biscuits and gravy I have ever had. Good view of Decatur St and Jackson square while we ate as well. We will definitely be going back on our next trip to NOLA!