MoPho was recommended to me by son who is a chef.  Very unimposing location, but the food was fabulous.  Highly recommend the spring rolls, oysters, the must-order chicken wings, and any of the pho options.  Delicious milk chocolate pudding with caramelized bananas.  Give the "adult" blended boba drinks a try too...fantastic.First time ever trying this restaurant & boy it was not a disappointment! The hostess was very energetic & welcoming. Our waiter was nice & timed everything perfectly. 
We started out ordering the chicken wings....omg ORDER THESE BAD BOYS! They are delicious & filling. After we had ordered the wings, we decided to split the speciality pho of the day--pork pho. The pork pho was very flavorful & hearty. 
Our waiter mentioned happy hour specials as well. I will definitely be back again! If you are ever in the Mid-City area, stop in and dine here!I Want MoPho!
First time eating Pho and I want more! Such a warm and inviting bistro near city park. Deceptively simple from the outside, but...the deliciously addictive aroma of delectable treats tempts your palate from the moment you enter. 
Started with bread pankoras and the spicy vindaloo bites with coconut ranch dipping sauce. Our pho bowls-the vegetarian and the refresher-were so delicious and filling. Loved the bowls of fresh bean sprouts and herbs to add to the broth. Thanks, Deven, for a great taste of Delta inspired Vietnamese treats.Went with a group of 9 people for a quick dinner before Celebration at the Oaks. My company had a lot of the different specials, we loved the Sweet Potato and Brussels Sprouts dish. The ratio of meat to noodles in the Spring Rolls was a little low, but the combination with their peanut sauce was the bomb! I would definitely not recommend their Pho if you've had authentic Vietnamese Pho. My ex-girlfriend was Vietnamese and I was very spoiled by her and her family's home made Pho.
Once we started looking for our checks is when the trouble started. I asked our waitress if she could split our checks, but after saying yes I was handed one big check for the whole table (not split). After asking again about splitting, she said she could not do it and that we would have to tell her what each of us had. We proceeded to divvy up the check ourselves (writing a # next to each of our items for each individual and providing a credit card number), only to be handed 30 minutes later individual checks. Why did we have to waste our time divvying it up ourselves, when she ended up doing it for us at the end? Even then, she had split my check wrong and ended up charging my credit card twice :-(
Having worked in the service industry over 10 years ago, I had never encountered such issues with the checks. I was steaming when I walked out the door.
I do have to give the manager some props, he saw the frustration and had a conversation with his waitress and walked after me to get the details. He sincerely apologized for how bad the service was and promised to make sure it didn't happen again. Gave me his business card and asked me to give them another chance and that he'd cover the bill next time.
I hate to voice such strong opinions from a single visit, so I will definitely give them another try soon.Everything we had here was good, but by far the best were the po-mi (banh-mi) sandwiches. Delicious!I went to Mopho yesterday. I decided to try something I hadn't before. I got the pad thai. I usually love everything I order here, but I wasn't in love with the pad thai. I don't think it was gross or anything, and I believe that some people would love it. A server came around and asked "How is everything?". I responded that the appetizer and my wife's meal were excellent, but I wasn't in love with my dish.  Right there on the spot, she asked if I wanted anything else and took the pad thai away free of charge. I ended up just going with the beef broth pho, which was awesome! I have never been treated so well at a restaurant.  Mopho is not like any other restaurant though and they definitely have a unique way of handling any dish or situation. They made a life long customer out of me with how well they treated me.  
Thanks MoPho, You are the best.I've now eaten here twice and have yet to try something NOT delicious.
The shrimp and tofu spring rolls are, respectively, outstanding. I want to drink the accompanying peanut sauce as a meal in itself.
The P&J oyster poboy is arguably a top 3 poboy in New Orleans. It's not a sloppy dive bar poboy; aka a cheap hooker. Instead, at Mopho, you pay 14 dollars for a fine, moderately portioned yet brilliant work of art laden on duck pate over a french baguette. 
The clams entree is outstanding and cooked to perfection. It's a rich and wonderful treat paired with orange benghiets for purposes of sopping up all of that yummy juice.
Service is great here and there's ample parking in the little strip shopping mall harboring it. Prices are obviously higher than neighborhood competitors Burger King, Bud's Broiler, Subway, and Tacos del Mar, so I sincerely hope people take the time to cruise over to Mid-City and give this place a chance. Sadly, the lack of a drive thru will probably cost MoPho a large percentage of obese, lazy Yats in close proximity that refuse to leave their vehicle to eat. Such a shame.
This is one of the better spots in town. Do yourself a favor and try it out.I got forked at MoPho! 
When I sit down to eat, I carefully choose which food will be my last bite (the taste I want lingering the longest.) That thought never occured to me here. 
Ordered oxtail, pork shoulder, and chicken thigh pho in the beef base. This was tasty enough, but the portion size left me wanting. 
They do pig roasts for Saturday so my family also split the cochón appetizer and a cochón poboy. The pork was cooked in a coconut curry and served with bread similar to Indian nan mixed with a fajita. Not much else to report on this.
Food was top quality but I left feeling like I hadn't eaten anything taste wise. I did read that their wings are impressive but seems out of place for a place called MoPho. Theme is certainly confusing. 
There was nothing memorable about the place, nothing that made me say WOW when it was served, and nothing I would go back for.Had a fantastic lunch here. I'm not 100% sold on Vietnamese food (although I feel I eat it a lot), so I was interested to see MoPho's take on it. I do have to say I was impressed. I ate so much my hands were cramping from using the chopsticks!
We started with the Jicama and Asian Pear Salad. It was fresh and delightful. 
For entrees we had the shakin bourbon beef cheeks & grilled jumbo shrimp (both over popcorn rice). Mine was the shrimp- I loved it! Fantastic flavor. I also tried the beef cheeks- also delicious. 
And being that I am big on service in restaurants, I must add that our waitress was great and very upbeat. 
I will definitely be returning.I went to Mopho today because I was craving something different from the usual suspects around there.  They didn't disappoint.  I got the Pork Shoulder Spring Roll, and the Duck Po'boy.  They were both delicious.  The Duck Po'boy was messy but well worth getting.  The pork shoulder in the spring roll was nice and tender and went perfectly with the veggies.  I'll definitely be back again.I don't think I can write a totally fair review until I've had their pho but there was too many other enticing items on the menu to choose from! I got the pork belly bowl with vermicelli noodles--great presentation and flavor; was hoping the noodles to be a little more chilled. My boyfriend got the roast duck po boy which really reminded him more of a Bahn mi. And though we never thought we'd say this, it was a little too heavy on the cilantro. All in all a great place! Will have to stop by next time for the great happy hour deals and t try the pho.When I travel, eating is the cornerstone of my trips. I snacked my way through NOLA and can safely say this was my best meal. We got spring rolls, chicken wings, a coconutty pho, and an amazing lemon ginger ice cream for dessert. Every bite was downright magical. This was al on the recommendation of our incredible server. This place is out of the way for tourists but I highly highly recommend. This is the meal I've been dreaming about since I got home.Lukewarm oily broth vegetable pho served with a basket of wilted greens and about 10 broken sprouts. The replacement was even worse. NoMo-pho.  Disgusting.Cool restaurant. Relaxing atmosphere. For Asian food, it was a bit pricey. But we like to try new places. The spring rolls were very flavorful, but portion was small. The Pho soups were good, different favor from the tradional Pho. But again not enough meats or noodle. The egg addition was neat. The bubble mango mix drink was sour, not good. My poor husband said he was so hungry after he finished his Pho!Our first time here. The wings are as good as everybody says. Remember to drag them through the amazing sauce. Oysters were great, clams were great. Half price apps during happy hour. Definitely coming back then for the wings. I ordered the Two green eyes  cocktail and it was pretty awful, the other fancy drinks were delicious. I asked what made it taste so bad and was told it was the egg white. I don't know why because a Ramos   tastes great.  We were a little disappointed in the chanterelles special. The sauce was way too heavy so you didn't get the wonderful mushrooms taste. Sorry we didn't order the charred cabbage salad, it looked amazing.Heed the description in regards to this place being Asian fusion; in many cases delightfully, sometimes to the point of being contrite....I mean, There are things that just don't need fiddling with, an pho is one of them. Spaghetti DOES NOT belong in it EVER!
Cozy comfortable decor, friendly service.If you wrap up everything I hate about Awfulstin, TX into one restaurant, it would be Mopho.
They get an extra star because they carry Bud Light.  I only ordered it so I could snobbily be told "we don't carry Bud Light" but was shocked when the waitress returned with a cold BL.
I searched the menu for 15 minutes trying to find something to eat...
This "Asian inspired" restaurant is the brainchild of owner/chef Michael Gulotta.  Formerly chef de cuisine at Restaurant August.  If his name does not sound very Asian, that's because he is not.
This might help to explain why every ingredient has been hand selected with the utmost douchebagery.  Instead of a lamb dish, he instead offers "A slow roast lamb neck with smoked tofu and creole cream chese roti".  I think I gagged a little just reading most of the descriptions.  How about some lamb lardo with your Pepper Jelly Crusted Braised Cedar Key Clams.  Seriously?  Yes, seriously.
To begin, we shared an order of the wings and the crispy fried P&J Oysters.  The oysters tasted like any other fried oysters in New Orleans with a dipping sauce so nothing to write about.  The wings were horrible.  The chickens they come from  must be genetically mutated (or in the case of hipsterness, they were probably hand raised by a Brooklyn transplant living in the Bywater who raises chickens in his backyard).  They are HUGE.  HUGE is not a good thing in a chicken wing.  I've microwaved better wings that you buy frozen from Friday's.
As an entree, I ended up ordering the grilled jumbo shrimp over the popcorn rice (with much customization).  Actually all five of us ordered the grilled jumbo shrimp over popcorn rice because no one wanted anything else on the menu....
To be fair, the grilled shrimp over popcorn rice wasn't bad.  The popcorn rice was perfectly cooked and quite delicious.
If only the place didn't have to try so damn hard to be a pretentious, foodie, douchebag, hipster, foodspotting, mixology hell hole I'm sure Mr. Gulotta is a talented chef with creative ideas.
For those who wait in line to eat at Mopho, you can have it.We came here on a Thursday night and we got so luck because they happened to be doing an entire pig roast! This was a special charity event so the place was very busy. We obviously had to order that which was accompanied with some fresh roti and vegetables and a bowl of pho. 
We started off with the viper and violet femme drinks were eh- viper was so strong! Then our pho came out, bone marrow broth with a poached egg, mushrooms, and duck. They split it into 2 bowls for us which made it much easier for sharing! The pho was delicious, broth was super flavorful and the duck also delicious. We also got a spring roll on the side which was tasty. Finally the Cochon pig came out and wow was it amazing! The pig was so tender and flavorful and paired beautifully with the roti and fresh veggies. I've never had a full roasted pig before so this was a really treat. It was a perfect combination of meaty and fatty or crispy skin parts. 
The service was also very good. Whenever we needed something else or anything our server was very prompt and throughout the meal we had 3 other managers or servers come ask how we were doing. Plus this place smells amazing inside! A must try.Honestly the ingredients are good and the pho is made out of bone broth.... But it's not traditional pho.  So if you're looking for authentic pho, this isn't the place for you.  Their wings though with the lemongrass and fish sauce is out of this world!  The boba alcoholic beverages are also a unique touch.  For the area it's a nice, clean place to get some Asian fusion, but not if you want authentic flavors and prices.You should definitely go to Mopho, I tasted some amazing food, but there were also some less successful dishes on the menu.
Highlights:
Frozen Bubble Tea Cocktails  (BRILLIANT!)
Pork Steam Buns
All Desserts!
Less Successful:
Chicken Wings (need to be crispier)
Pork Belly Bowl - needs editing. There is too much going on in here.
This is a cool place for something different. I've been to Vietnam and I love any gastronomic nod to the country. There are some huge wins and big risks at MOPHO, but not every risk taken pays off. I commend the chef and staff at this spot and I think you should check it out.Brand new place and they just had a write-up in the Times-Picayune Lagniappe yesterday...  my husband is intrigued and wants to go for lunch on his birthday.  He's a total foodie, and I guess I'm becoming one too.  We got there right at noon and got a table for 5 immediately.  When we left they were taking names.  There is a nice outdoor area that was packed when we left, but it was cool today so we sat inside.  Nice layout, nice ambiance.  It does seem a little out of place at the end of a small strip mall and across from Burger King, but once you get inside you forget about that (as long as you don't park in Burger King's lot and get your car towed - we didn't).  
I had the Crispy Pork Belly Vermicelli and wow... that is some very tender, tasty pork belly.  I had to give everyone at the table a piece to taste since it was so amazing, but I wanted to keep it all for myself!  I added the fried egg too, because fried eggs make everything better.  Good choice for 50 cents.  The bowl was perfectly seasoned - I didn't add anything although they have soy sauce, plum sauce and Sriracha at the table, and my husband asked for fish sauce too.  He had the Shakin Beef Cheeks Vermicelli and was pleased, although he did doctor his up a bit.  Another guest had Beef Pho and she seemed equally pleased.  Condensed milk cake for dessert - great presentation with ice cream, some sweet crumbles and baked meringue.   Everything was very tasty.
This is the kind of place that my husband and I will put on our repeat list so we can try everything!  We need to go for dinner so we can try the cocktails.  Four stars because the service was a tad slow.  Took a while for the food to come out, and my water glass was empty for most of my meal, even though there seemed to be plenty of servers walking around refilling drinks (until I noticed mine was empty)...  Maybe they're still adjusting, or maybe it was a bigger lunch crowd than expected.  I'm forgiving and that will not affect my desire to return.  
We will definitely be back and I see no reason that it won't be on our short list of favorites.New restaurant that needs some more refining. The cheek with vermicelli did not have enough acid and noodles were overcooked. The cheeks themselves were not seasoned enough and undercooked. It was very bland. The jicama salad portion was very small and shrimp overcooked. The pork spring rolls and fried oyster were good but not overwhelming. Place needs more consistency for food quality and preparation as some members of the party said it was much better last time.Their Lemongrass chicken wings are the best wings I have ever had.  Also, if you feel like sharing a bowl of pho with you friend, they will split it in two bowls for you.  I have to be honest, most pho places are really focusing on their food rather than their services.  Mopho has the best service compared to all pho places I have been to so far (I have been to quite a few of them.)  Pho is okay there.  Dessert is great!!!  Price is reasonable but it's a little higher than most pho places.  I will definitely go back more often and try their other dishes.Yes it's packed and yes it's different.
The staff is great, our waitress was running her tail off but making timely appearances. 
I was disappointed.  The food was cold.  The oyster appetizer was cold by the time it got to our table as was our noodle dish.  The noodle dish could have used more texture - greens of some sort.     
Something tells me they will sort out their food running.  It all seems to be about 80% of the way there... but not quite.I dug this place. It's a great Asian fusion joint. Keep in mind, it's not traditional. That's why it says Asian by way of New Orleans. 
This trip we got...
Belly bowl - It was tasty. Braised pork belly and shoulder served over rice with a sweet sauce. 
Beef pho - Not traditional but tasted good. 
Chicken wings - These were pretty awesome. Sweet sticky crunchy delicious!
Pork Spring rolls - Yeah man...get em! Loved them. Get in my belly!
All in all, a good experience. Servers were attentive. Nice dining area and outdoor patio. I'll be back...Nice crew. Good service. However, food was so greasy. It's not actually Vietnamese style. Pho is supposed to be fresh and healthy. I've seen some asian fusion places serving ramen like the pho here. So I guess it's the Americanized version. I like the atmosphere and even the smell of this restaurant. It's true! Reminds of old memories and good restaurants I've been to before. Will come back again but should try other options not so greasy.I could eat here daily, it's that good. The wings, just get them. Pho? There's pork belly to put in there....do it. I am addicted to this place. The beer selection is good, friendly staff and comfortable atmosphere. I want to try everything on the menu, but I can't stop getting the wings and pho!!!If you want Vietnamese food, don't come here 'cause it's not authentic; they're more like spin offs.  Service sucks a big one. And the food is overpriced. Expect all the noodle bowls to be 90% noodles. Fail. $8 for two spring rolls? Crack-smoking prices, considering they're not all that special. And the pho isn't pho. I'm sorry but it's too much of a spin off to be pho anymore. They're pretty much the Juan's Flying Burrito of Vietnamese cuisine here in New Orleans. Except not as tasty and delicious.Great grub. I'm a frequent visitor to N.O. & I'm a food fanatic.  My fiance & I loved the crispy chicken wings. She has a bit of a cold & wanted something to clear out her sinuses & the fowl broth pho w/ duck sausage & pork belly w/ a dash of sriracha did the trick. I hammered the clams & don't have a single bad thing to say about the trip. Thanks to the staff!Great food and atmosphere. Pho is wonderful and very good quality. Staff very friendly.Super interesting menu! The chicken wings are their best seller and rightly so. They are amazingly crisp and seasoned with asian herbs and spices. Big wings too! Our other two entrees were an interesting fusion of aromatic asian spices and robust cajun food. A more little rich and heavy  than we are accustomed to  (hence 4 stars), but well worth trying. The lemongrass ice cream sandwich for dessert was divine! Definitely coming back again!Weirdest pho restaurant I have ever been too. If I ever come back I would not order the pho again. Very eccentric for a Vietnamese restaurant. Definitely more for the Americans. There were not any Vietnamese customers. Not sure if there were any Vietnamese workers. I heard a customers ask their waitress what does pho mean and she said she was not sure, maybe soup? Oh my goodness. Yes, I've had way better pho at not so high end looking restaurant.The pork belly bowl was delicious. Casual environment and relatively inexpensive for a great meal.Awesome spot for trendy viet food.  Particular strengths are unhealthy appetizers and the cocktail program.  The lemongrass chicken wings and fried calamari are artery clogging goodness. I tend to some more adventurous main courses which has mixed results.  My last outing was a plat of very good clams served with two giant floppy fried beignet sticks which I would have traded in a heartbeat for some old fashioned crusty bread. In future I might stick with small plates and some their very tasty drinksBLUF:  The first time I went here I wasnt very impressed but the past few times it has been amazing.  Seems like a different menu each time and each time we are very pleased.
Second time we went we went for happy hour.  Half off appetizers.  You HAVE to get the wings.  Very awesome.  You have to get them even if it isnt happy hour.  Well worth it.
Got a sweet potato curry dish once and it blew my socks off.  Got a short ribs and sticky rice meal once which was difficult to eat and needed more curry but not bad.  The spicy crawfish rolls were awesome and tasted very fresh.  Others got the shrimp and grits which were awesome as well and had a lot going on and a good asian spin.  Very awesome.
Great service and nice outdoor atmosphere with standard indoor seating.  
Overall a great place especially for happy hour and to try their ever changing menu.Duck po-boy (really bahn mi) for $8? Yes please.  So tasty...Still dreaming about it four days later. Craft cocktails get the thumbs up, too. Can't wait to go back and try more things!Good lunch spot - we enjoyed sitting out back and the service was more then adequate.  Very responsive and timely.  My husband had the sausage poboy and started with the intention of only eating half - FAIL - He finished it!  I had the Asian pear and jicama salad - it was very tasty, and I'll have it again.  We shared the spring rolls between three of us and they were very good - especially the peanut dipping sauce - they were the largest spring rolls I've ever seen.  Also enjoyed the jasmine tea - and refills were plentiful - we'll be back!It was really good the first time we went. So we have been going back frequently since (4 times in two weeks). Food is good, but only issue so far is the beef w marrow broth (pho) isn't consistent thusfar and we had it all 4 times we have been there. The glazed pork belly bowl is okay. The pepper jelly braised cedar clams were to die for, the annatto beignets made it so very savory. The beignets did it for me! Crispy chicken wings were good. Just a little bit too sweet for me.I'm loving the chicken wings, bubble drinks, ribs, po boys, fowl pho with duck and tofu, and rice bowl dishes. I've been there 3 times so far and plan to go again tomorrow!! It can be super casual and affordable, or you can go all out. Oh yeah I loved all the desserts and whole fried fish!!!!Don't come here expecting authentic pho. That's not what you're going to get. They do give pho a tasty twist, however! You can pick among different types of preset bowls, or build your own. I opted to build my own -- Jamie (spelling?) was super helpful in explaining the differences between the broth options, and I'm glad he did, otherwise I wouldn't have picked the right one for me. The choices are beef with marrow ($10), fowl ($9), or vegetarian ($8). I would have gone with the beef, but apparently that one's a little thicker with a stronger taste and more oily, so I went with the fowl instead (a lot lighter), and was super happy with it! You can pick three standard meats to go inside your bowl (each additional standard is 50 cents), and if you want premium or top shelf options, you're going to have to pay $1-2 more for each. 
I got the fowl broth pho with pork shoulder, flank, and chicken thigh. They gave SO MUCH meat! I was eating chicken thigh long after my noodles were gone, so I wish I was given more noodles rather than meat. Or if they had an option to buy an extra side of noodles that would've been nice too. The broth is also plentiful since it comes in such a big bowl, and I would've sipped it all if I wasn't so full.
Another plus about this place -- they have alcoholic boba! They use a mixture of normal and popping boba. I didn't know that it'd be a slush drink rather than just on the rocks, but it was still good. I got the Stone and Spice with Ginger Vodka ($9), which has passion fruit, mango, peaches, orange, and ginger. I couldn't really taste the ginger at all which was disappointing because I got the ginger vodka in it... but it was still refreshing and not too sweet.
They have happy hour M-F 3-6pm with a good deal on wings, which are supposedly really good, and certain drinks, so I'll definitely be back another time to try them out!MOPHO is one of my favorite "Asian Fusion" restaurants in New Orleans. My favorite element is the option to handpick the contents of your pho. I chose to include chicken combs and pig snouts... which was strange but definitely worth trying if you're feeling experimental (or masochistic?). 
Also make sure to check out their alcoholic bubble teas! Because why not make something adorable also get you drunk?It pains me to type this review because I want so much more for this place, and we even had the pleasure of meeting the chef. I ordered the slow-roasted and crispy-fried eggplant vermicelli. I loved the sesame flavor, and the portion was good, but I thought it lacked the layered and textured herbal flavor that is so akin to Vietnamese food. My girlfriend's beef pho was tasty but also lacked the fresh, vibrant complexity of other phos we have had throughout the city. We came in with an open mind and an understanding that this place is a fusion, but it is overpriced and lacking the authentic components that makes Vietnamese food so palate pleasing. It is unfortunate because the chef took the time to visit our table and was extremely friendly, genuine and passionate about the menu. 
In addition, the atmosphere in this place is tepid and cold. The place was moderately busy when we were there, yet you could drop a pin and still hear it. I am not sure why everyone was whispering but we felt we had to as well. I love the open concept, but it is almost too open here. The hostess stand is in the middle of the restaurant, and it is just awkward. Maybe a little artwork or hanging room dividers would make it flow better and warm up the restaurant and my indifference toward it.Good good, weird ambiance- very dark. The duck is do good! Tangy and delicious! Pho was just ok. Could get better elsewherethe tea drinks w boba was incredibly flavorless and the boba itself was rock hard. actually MOPHO nasty. wings which were recommended and "popular" was a disappointment. the chef tried to be creative with the sauce and change it up but ended with a mess. they thought outside the box and got lost. 0/10 would recommend.The chicken wings were excellent, however the pork belly dish was nothing but a dried up pork chop,very disappointed! Also it was my daughter's birthday, which they knew about, reason for us being there. This was not even acknowledged except as we were leaving,the waitress said "happy  birthday ",well thanks after a $220 bill!Great food, great drinks.  Great owners! Clams are a must! Everything is delicious.  Love the place.  Wonderful addition to Mid-City.The food was great and Mopho has a great atmosphere. Must order the brussels sprouts! Don't let the menu scare you, just order something it will definitely be flavorful and different than anything you've had before. If you are going with a larger group try to make a reservation before hand.Wow! Food is definitely delicious but pretty pricey. I have come here a couple of times. The first time I came I got a noodle dish, which was ok. Recently I came here, and I didn't even see it on the menu. The shrimp in it was good but the cold noodles were kind of weird. But the past two times, I got the pho. Their pho is one of the best I have had. They give you a lot and you can pick your soup base (fowl, beef, vegetarian) and three items to put in it...flank, oxtail, trite, tofu, mushrooms, etc. Some of the items and bases cost more than others. I paid about ten dollars and it was so worth it! I had plenty leftover! My friend got the clams, which he said was really good and they gave him plenty. I would definitely recommend Mopho if you are craving a good pho! They also have happy hour from 3-6, which I definitely want to try!Wings were excellent.  I wouldn't typically order wings at this type of restaurant, so i am glad I followed all the Yelp reviews and ordered them.  Spring rolls are pretty good, too. Ordered the beef pho and it was tasty and a large serving.  The prices aren't too bad if you stick to pho and appetizers. Service was mediocre.  I really hope this place succeeds, because I am addicted to the chicken wings.We started with the shrimp spring rolls(good)  and chicken wings with ginger (sweet).  The pho is sweet.  I had ordered the beef and was surprised at the sugar level.   The person sitting next to me commented his duck pho was sweet as well.   They kept the star anise level down, but the sugar was too much. I agree with the previous comment that spaghetti does not belong in pho.   The lamb neck with beets was very good, but not much lamb in the bowl.   The shrimp and ham po-boy was tasty as well....good bread.   The vermicelli dishes have noodles served at room temperature as we noticed by another comment from nearby tables.Amazing Pho with even greater service. For 10 dollars (lunch special) received a large  enough portion of Pho and ordered an order of delicious  fresh spring rolls to go on the side.So I heard about this place and as I drove up all I saw was the Burger King because the place is almost unnoticeable.  Don't let that fool you! Go in and thank the Gods for your good fortune to decide to dine here!
Ok, the wings appetizer. Who would go into a place with such fun and exciting offerings and get wings?? Well,  YOU should! Crispy skins.  Moist meat.  That's not even the good part! That sauce!! Whaaaaaaat?! Should be illegal! What's that fancy word for holy moly heavenly goodness that makes you dance and sing to yourself? Umami? 
And I'm a Pho fanatic.  Pho real. That bone marrow broth with practically every add in. Yes......Go! 
Oh, and I happily pass on that they have paper straws(yes they hold up during use) so us gluttons don't also have to be destroyers of our water friends.Pho Tau Bay is closed?! Sad sad news for New Orleans!  I decided to try this place. It got very good reviews. I  like traditional food with a modern flair, so I was pretty excited. I tried the P and J oysters, pork crispy egg rolls, and pork spring rolls. Oysters were very good.  Juicy.  Their peanut sauce is heavy and flavorful.  I added kale, quail egg, and meatballs to the beef Pho, along with the fresh options they bring with the bowl. It was tasty!  Good broth.  I ran out of noodles long before I was ready.  The service here was lacking.  Waitress argued with me when she brought the wrong appetizer.  I kept it to take home just to end the argument. Everything tastes good.  But inattentive wait staff can diminish the dining experience.  Asked for boxes.  Didn't get them.  Waited and waited for the check.  You get the idea. Solid good food.A group of friends and I decided to try this place out.  The atmosphere is nice, the staff friendly and then menu, well.....
It's good, don't get me wrong.  I ordered the Fingerling Sweet Potatoes.  It was nice.  The brussel sprouts were a lovely addition.  My only pick with it is that I felt it was highly overpriced for what it was (sweet potatoes, brussel sprouts, and coconut milk) at $15.00.  Friends at the table ordered vegetarian pho and grilled jumbo shrimp.  I got the same reaction from everyone....good, but not great.  Sharing dessert with everyone was a good decision.  I cannot remember the name of the two sweet treats we ordered, but we were more impressed by them than the actual meal.  
I would go here again to explore the menu more.Mopho's dishes are always fresh and tasty. The chicken wings are to die for. Crispy, and the sauce on them is fantastic. I've liked everything I've had there, but I did find one of the tofu dishes with greens and veggies to be a bit too spicy. Amazing pho and you have to try the shrimp and grits! The service is also great, each server I've had knows a lot about the menu and they give good recommendations.I always try to make a trip to mopho when I visit New Orleans. I've got nothing but good things to say about them. The atmosphere, staff, and food are fantastic. Try the lemongrass wings, they're stellar!Pho me once, shame on you; pho me twice, shame on me.
(Apologies for adding to the world's oversupply of bad pho puns. But after a second subpar meal at MoPho, the above line seemed completely appropriate.)
Our first meal at MoPho was about a week after it opened, and was completely underwhelming - probably inevitable given the massive amount of preopening hype this place received (EaterNOLA was giving it two or three breathlessly enthusiastic posts a week for months), but disappointing nonetheless given the chef's pedigree and the open, appealing space in an otherwise nondescript strip mall near City Park. 
The appetizers we ordered were completely forgettable, and I mean that literally; I cannot for the life of me remember what we ate. But I do remember how lukewarm and stingily portioned the pho was: despite some creative and potentially tasty add-ins like grilled mustard greens and roasted tofu, it didn't come anywhere near the quality and flavor of the pho served up in any number of joints on the West Bank, and was overpriced by at least a third given the smallish portion. And there's really no excuse for serving pho at room temperature, especially during a lunch hour when the restaurant was barely half full. I chalked it up to a kitchen still finding its bearings and resolved to give it another try.
After a second lunch at MoPho, I'm now sure I won't be coming back. Dishes were once again consistently served at the wrong temperature. A tangle of watery jicama salad was unpleasantly warm. A $13 grilled shrimp noodle bowl featured warm, overcooked noodles swimming in a puddle of watery dressing with four puny, overcooked shrimp strewn on top - a far cry from the bright, fresh, and cool noodle salads served at places like Tan Dinh or Pho Tau Bay. A $14 oyster po-boy was decent, if somewhat on the mushy side (and again, overpriced for the portion size). Even the much-vaunted alcoholic bubble teas were a disappointment - more like spiked fruit smoothies (not necessarily a bad thing, but nothing special either.)
The service is friendly, and as mentioned the space is comfortable and bright - I can see the back patio becoming a great place to hang out as the weather gets warmer. And the restaurant's commitment to seasonal ingredients and small/local purveyors is commendable (artisanal soy sauce on the table, anyone?) You really get the sense that these folks are trying hard - maybe a little too hard. 
But the food still isn't very good.
In a city that's fortunate enough to have some of the best Vietnamese food in the country close at hand, a restaurant that attempts a creative spin on classic dishes like pho and banh mi really needs to step up its game in order to stand out. Alas, and despite its apparent efforts, MoPho is not that place. Sure, heading to the West Bank for my Vietnamese food fix means spending more time to get there and more money on gas - but given the mediocre eats and high prices at MoPho, I figure I'll still come out ahead.Great food. Oyster app was very intriguing. Pho was inventive and delicious. Crab noodle bowl was very tasty. Will definitely be back.Absolutely delicious, never a bad call. Waitress was kinda rude but whatever it was busy I wasn't too concerned food was out on time and order was right. Would definitely give 5 stars but the don't have sake which blows my mind!!! Other than that, pretty spacious and affordable.First, I have to say how much we love this place and that we really enjoy food here! Especially the Lemongrass wings as well as the Chocolate Tart with Condensed Milk ice cream! Oh, their ribeye (pho), great quality!
We had quite an experience last week at this place. We ordered the Wok Fried Ramen and it came out the way we did not expected. Needless to say, the dish was a little too small and messy to eat, and it was a little pricey for an entree. (See my last updated review). We expressed how we felt last week to the Manager/owner (Jeff) and he was handling it professionally.
Anyhow, we got a response from the same manager/owner few days later through here.  He stated that he tried the dish himself and felt the same way we did. He also mentioned that him and the head chef were trying to improve this dish. Therefore, he would like to invite us back for a try again.  So we went tonight......
The dish was such a great improvement! They put that as an appetizer now with more reasonable price. Originally, there was a whole crab in this dish and it was too messy to eat. Also, it was a little too spicy to even taste the freshness of the crab. (See original picture posted) However, the new improved version was so much better. They use crabmeat instead of the whole crab and it's less spicy which brings out the flavor and freshness of the crabmeat. I love it and will order it again next time!
I have to say that our experience this time was so much better, and the fact that they would take such constructive criticism to continuously improve themselves has truly led this place to succeed. During this visit, our server was so friendly and appreciative for us to give a second try.  I am truly impressed!  This is my regular restaurant now! 
By the way, next time you go there, try their roasted Brussel sprouts appetizer. It is so crispy and perfectly seasoned. The dipping sauce for this dish is a winner!  It reminds me of eating fried calamari! Who says that vegetables can't be delicious?!If you're like me and enjoy traditional Vietnamese food and not fusion crap, then you won't like it. Really it should not be called Vietnamese food. It's uncultured and unflavored.The oyster Po boy and the spring roll was the best thing. So good on those. The frozen old fashioned is amazing but say no to boba because those get hard when frozen. But don't get the noodle bowl it's underwhelming, even if they say it's a special smoked lamb one. SighAmazing Pho! I've eaten at a dozen Pho places since I first tried Mopho and nothing has compared since.Probably one of the best meals of my life. I got a late reservation here with my two friends who had had an exhausting day and were looking for some comfort in the form of warm dumplings and curry. We all decided on the chicken dumplings (tasted nothing like traditional dumplings but delicious nonetheless- breads and gooood), the green chile curry (amazing- exactly the comfort we were looking for), the roasted Brussels sprouts (delicious- perfect combination of sweet and salty), fried oysters and a pork dish. 
We were so excited about our meal that our server brought out the chef so we could thank him. He hooked us up with some green tea matcha cake and Greek yogurt-type ice cream. Very delicious, tangy and light. 
Decor is simple and sleek, good location on the outskirts of Mid City and the service was great! Overall the experience was great and helped my group and I turn around a very hard day. Thank you MoPho!I'd heard a lot about this place and finally got a chance to head over and see what all the fuss was about. The atmosphere here is great. it has this cool industrial/contemporary style that adds to the experience. The place was extremely clean and the staff was very personable.  
   I was given a small "tour" of the place by one of the waiting staff, and I absolutely love the look and feel of the place. They have a beautiful patio where they also grow herbs and roast a pig every Saturday. The residual smoke and smell from that left the entire restaurant smelling amazing. 
   Great selection of beers, and a large bar compliment their menu, which has many seasonal offerings. 
   My wife ordered the pork belly with rice and I the beef pho with oxtail, ribeye, meatballs and pork belly. I didn't really taste what she ordered, but she thoroughly enjoyed it and it looked amazing. The pho was simply the best I've ever had. The broth is much more flavorful than most I've had, and the proteins offered were great. (Though personally I didn't care for the texture of the pork belly in the broth. It should have been seared first or something.) The meatballs and oxtail were the highlight. Simply fantastic! Will definitely come again!Was ok, wanted to like it more.  Oysters excellent but i wanted some heat from the chili.  The rest was forgettable, but good. Wouldn't come back.The food and décor both lived up to expectations;  In fact, the chicken wings and fried oysters exceeded them--they were great.  The fowl pho was delicious and surprisingly filling and the beef ribs tender and well flavored.  The poor boy was good though not as special as the other entrees.  Thanks to the other reviews we knew to get here early for lunch, so we got a table right away.  There was a line by the time we left.  The patio seating looked inviting.  Our waiter was helpful and attentive; he did make 2 mistakes on the check (so look it over before paying) but given the newness of the staff and busyness of the restaurant we weren't too upset. Look forward to returning to try other dishes.Amazing food and service! When we sat, we explained the food allergies to our server, Marieke. She said (politely) that they were not going to be able to serve us as their food contains the allergens. One of the partners stopped us from walking out and said they would create dishes just for us. What came out from the kitchen was some of the best food we've eaten in New Orleans. The pork spring roll was the best spring roll I've ever had. The grazed beef ribs melted in my mouth with the perfect meat to fat ratio. The beef pho, chefs special concoction, and mopho wings were all top notch! Dessert was an amazing chocolate pudding with a hint of sesame and small finger banana.  This is a must eat place. Truly worthy of 5 stars! Oh 1 downside. Don't park at the Burger King next door. He was out there having cars towed for people that weren't eating his food. (Jealous much?)Food was absolutely wonderful. I had the winter squash curry with nan, a nice drink, and we shared the lemon/lavender sorbet for dessert. I liked the atmosphere of the place. I will definitely go back and try something else.The moment I arrived I was greeted by a young man named Rob, who immediately told me my server would be  Dianne.
I didn't have to wait but a few minutes. I wanted a merlot but they were out of it so Diane introduced me to one I  had never tried. It was a  a slow down, sexual chocolate cabernet 2014. It is so good I wanted to hug her. So young so brilliant. Dianne knew her wines. She and Rob made you feel very special. Dianne was excellent, she knew the menu, and I trusted her suggestions. 
Dianne also suggested the appetizer, the crispy fried oysters" OMG with radishes , bits of spinach and  blue cheese and the mopho mayo . I want to marry the chef, huh, yes you heard me.  I can't talk right now, my pho is coming.
Omg I ordered the oxtail pho, spinach oxtail, tendon mushrooms, tripe, braised greens, kale, and poached egg. The flavors are bursting all over the bowl,noodles, are perfectly cooked, the soup itself is so good, it's hard to imagine one chef having the ability to combine so many ingredients and make them work together like this. 
The servers are top of the line. Professional , tables are welcoming, cleaned as soon as someone leaves. 
Rob and Dianne are the best. I felt so good when I entered . The house wine is excellent. I ordered  the pork belly and the  Cochon to take out. 
The ambiance is really nice. The bar is right in the center and the house wines are really good. I could have stayed there thru several courses  of entrees.
I had the privilege of meeting Chef Paul. I certainly spewed out the accolades he so well deserved. This young Chef is a genius. The flavors in his creations are
absolutely marvelous and memorable. I want my bucket list filled with everything on his menu. 
Put MoPho on your list of restaurants to go to. You won't  be disappointed. This is the best American spin on Vietnamese cuisine l have ever experienced.  I'll be back now y'all heah! MOTried Mopho for dinner this past Saturday night. It was relatively busy, so we opted to sit at the bar. Ordered the P&J oysters and chicken wings for appetizers. It was absolutely delish!! I got the pork belly bowl with rice. The pork belly was fatty and chewy and super flavorful. But the pork shoulder piece they gave me was a bit too tough to chew or cut, so I gave up on it. My boyfriend got the clams and our bartender recommended getting a side of rice for the leftover juice from the clams. The bread that came with the clams almost tasted like a churro and was a pleasant surprise. Overall, the food was super decadent and yummy. Sadly, we were too full to try any of their signature drinks.I came in with low expectation about the food since it has 3.5 stars and it is a fusion food. What I experienced is truly something different.
The wings are truly amazing. I couldn't imagined that they would go well with the spice. The meat is juicy while the taste is amazing. I also tried the pho and the broth is good comparing to others Vietnamese restaurant with the same price range. The meat that goes with it is great as well. They gave us more meat than noodle, which is a good deal as well.
This restaurant should be 4-4.5 stars on Yelp.The wings were really good but the food wasn't as good. This MOPHO is a NO GO unless you want really good wings.We came in on a Wednesday evening wanting to try this cheeky named restaurant. We were greeted and seated promptly. We ordered the chicken wings, beef pho and pork pho. 
Chicken Wings - great flavor, super crispy, super hot. It was delicious! I'd come back just for those
(Growing up eating pho, with a Vietnamese background, and two different palates, we both kinda know what a good bowl of pho tastes like..) 
Beef Pho - we both thought the pho broths were bland. The elements of a pho broth were not there. It was definitely meaty though, not a good noodle to protein ratio. I ate some of the food but couldn't slurp the soup like I usually like to. 
Pork Pho - again, the broth was not good. For the pork pho, it seems as if they took all types of pork and prepared it all the different ways they could and threw it in the bowl. The ham, grilled pork, and fried pork did not go well with pho. Keep it with the rice, not soup. For a man who loves meat, he even thought the amount of meat he received was a bit on the heavy side. 
The service was lackluster. The server seemed to have a slight attitude which we can overlook since it was slight. The food runner didn't speak at all when placing our food on the table. Besides coming for the food, we also go for the experience. 
We will not be coming back..It's all just so good!
So flavorful. 
I like to build my own pho. But I honestly haven't had anything underwhelming here.
Everything is so delicious.One of my favorite spots in New Orleans for consistently excellent and unique cuisine. Sadly I have not had the pho yet but everything is so good; last time I got the curry, it was fantastic. The wings are a must get and the cocktails are also top notch.My husband and I went to Mopho for the first time last night after hearing this was a yummy Viet place.  The menu is somewhat limited, not too much to chose from, but hey, if it is good, I would rather a restaurant perfect fewer dishes than to have a larger menu and it be mediocre.  It seemed a little pricey, but I hoped the portions would match the price so I wasn't so concerned.  My first impression of the place was nice. Real nice bar and very friendly service.  We ordered The Standard Pho and the Pork Belly bowl over rice with spring rolls and poached egg added on the recommendation of our bartender/server. Nice presentation and all ingredients looked and tasted fresh. All the flavors from the dishes were very good.  I have been to more traditional Vietnamese restaurants and this isn't one of them, but that is ok too. I am all about trying different versions of ethnic food. However, even though the flavors were good, the pork belly dish we ordered did not add up to the price.  On average, I believe you should receive at least 4 oz of protein with ordering a dish with meat. This bowl didn't come close with very little meat in it . So that was a disappointment. I felt that we didn't get our money's worth.  There also wasn't much meat in the Pho.  As stated, both dishes were tasty, just not enough protein to justify the price. If you search through some of the other reviews you will see others mention the portions not adding up to the price.  If this restaurant did some improving on their portions, I am sure no one would leave feeling like they paid too much for what they received. If I hear they have improved in this area, I would likely go back to dine again. As of now, I would go elsewhere and spend the same or less and get more.Excellent appetizers in the crispy chicken wings and fried p&j oysters. Both the pho and the duck po'boy were super delicious.  We will definitely be returning!Let me start off by saying I love Vietnamese food. I eat it once or twice a week! Once we found that our favorite Vietnamese restaurant was closed for the 4th of July, we decided to try Mopho. Mistake. The menu was, I assume, supposed to be unique and innovative. But instead they left me with very very few options of meals to eat. I ended up (almost by default) ordering the "beef cheeks" with rice. What a disappointment. For $13 I received one tiny bowl of flavorless over cooked rice with the most poorly flavored beef I've yet to eat. Why did my meal taste like an Indian dish? This was spicy, mixed with cinnamon, cumin perhaps, and who the hell knows what else. Needless to say I left dissatisfied. I followed this meal up with a visit to Cane's. Yes that's right, the fast food chicken fingers were better than that wreck of a meal from Mopho. Other than passing the word of mouth regarding how terrible this meal was, they won't be hearing from me again.  Also, the service was beyond mediocre. (Try out Magasin for some actually delicious Vietnamese food, you won't be disappointed)I have never had a sub-par meal here, ever. I'm not a big pho guy, and I love this place. The lemongrass chicken wings alone are so good they made me want to be a better man. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu, but start with those wings and know true joy again. They also roast lamb and whole pig and have specials accordingly, which are out of sight. Great drinks, cool atmosphere, great service, a cool and attentive owner who will come check on you. Great part of town. I don't know what else you need! You don't have to be a fan of pho to love this place. And if you know what's good, you'll love this place.Went here for lunch around 3pm on a Monday and there were still about 15 other people there. Super cute decor. Excellent service. The beef pho was really good (ordered with flank steak). The wings were just ok, interesting semi-sweet sauce.I have eaten a lot of asian food and asian fusion.  The food was okay, just wasn't asian inspired.  The rice wasn't asian rice - the pho broth wasn't that tasty mouth watering broth that you get in pho restaurants.  
The service was very slow.  Even if busy, why would it take 15 minutes for someone at the bar to say hi and that they will come back and take our order. Same at the table-- i guess i just expected more with the write ups and backgrounds of the front of house and back of house staff.  
Looking for Pho go to the west bank or Magazine.The pork belly bowl is pretty good, actually! It goes better with rice, and a fried egg on top makes it even more amazing. They don't have a separate kid's menu, but the chefs are happy to prepare something simple for kids if you want.Great food that's flavorful, imaginative and just downright good. This is fusion food where all the flavors work together.  The chicken and dumplings were fantastic. The clams were delicious as was the meatball special. Good service and great drinks. Highly recommended!Delicious pho for an inexpensive price. I recommend the fowl broth - it's meaty and buttery. For toppings I loved the chicken thigh and greens, but could've left the pork belly behind. 
NOLA has several delicious pho spots. The real wow here are alcoholic bubble teas! It was tough for me to choose one.Unfortunately, MoPho has been in a decline lately after a good run for several months, which seems to be their cycle. The food has just been off. The shrimp rolls used to have two whole shrimp per roll, now they are made with small pieces of fried shrimp. The chicken wings, usually reliable, have gone from a nice mixture of plump drumettes and and wing sections to just skimpy wing sections. Hardly worth the effort or price. The oysters on the oyster appetizer are similarly tiny.
The main courses suffer from an unfortunate change in the menu selections. They have completely removed the bowl dishes and substituted a nearly duplicative pho selection that is only distinguished by combos rather than a la cart choices. 
Many of the other main courses suffer from a lack of substance. The lamb neck, which is usually a winner, had almost no lamb on my last two visits. Most of the other dishes are similarly deficient.
Hopefully, they will recover from this down cycle. When they are on, they are a four star restaurant, just not right now.You had me at booze infused bubble tea and it just got even better from there.
Eat here once and you'll be coming back for more.  From staff, to design, to food this place get 5 stars.  If you are a consumer who enjoys getting quality locally sourced food Mopho will become a staple for your nights out. The staff is great, friendly, and knowledgeable about the food.  With a rotating menu to keep fresh local ingredients on the menu I can't get enough.  And even though it makes me feel old to admit I can't speak highly enough about the sound absorption in the restaurant.  Even on a crowded night with a full bar and a 20 minutes wait for a table my wife and I were able to talk to each other without screaming.  The manager said they searched for specific sound panels which are mounted on the ceiling. Go give this place a try and you'll be hooked.Wow...late night Postmates score!!!! Pleasantly surprised with the quality of the food we ordered this evening! Thank you Mopho - we will def be ordering when we return! Mmmmmm!I met a friend for a quick dinner before work last night & our servers name was Devin, and all he did was talk down about Namese and say how much he hated that restaurant because he used to work there. My friend had mentioned that we were going there first to him until she realized they were closed. I had come in the restaurant hearing him talking negatively about Namese as I was sitting on the stool. I walked in& I saw my friend sitting already & said to the hostess that was staring me down:  I'm meeting someone, she stared me down as if I had kicked her dog; I then repeated myself again because for some reason I guess she didn't hear me, but I don't have to explain myself to anyone and kept walking. 
 Devin was very short & snippy with Stephanie & I, I had only been to MoPho once before years ago & she had never been there. It seemed as if he didn't want to wait on us. I have no idea why and just wanted to enjoy our meal, so I went to the bar and asked for a manager, she came right over. Kacie asked if we wanted him to continue to wait on us anymore and we collectively said no after we explained his service or lack of. Kacie took care of us for the rest of the meal and gave excellent service. With Stephanie & I being service industry for over 13 years each, we just wanted a dinner together and to enjoy it since we never go out to eat because we are always working. Kacie was great, her customer service skills are superb! Devin should really take notes or not wait on people at all, nothing but negativity from him and uncomfortable vibes. 
 Thank you Kacie, if we ever come back we will be asking for YOU! We also tipped Kacie 30% each because she was so great! Devin you really should give everyone great service because you never know who is going to leave you what or who is in the service industry or not.
Thank you Kacie! Kacie gets 5 Stars!What can I say, but this place needs serious revamping. The partners, Jeffrey B, Michael and Jeffery G. need to send their waitstaff to serving school or train them as they're the worst we have in a long time. For starters, attitude goes a long way. Continuously disappearing, not following up, sending runners to the table to bring food and not following up, not checking on drink status made us feel as though we were their for her, not the other way around. Imagine not even getting a spoon with soup! Waitress where are you?  No where to be found. Unacceptable and no excuse for this type of service unless you don't care.  Immediate correction needed. 
 As for the food, the soup was lacking in the listed meats that I ordered unless it was microscopic, I only found two small pieces of meat.  Where's the BEEF! Sound familiar?  The overall flavor was, OK.  Husband's food was much better however , the added egg roll didn't quite cut it as it was extremely small for an additional fee, He called it a one bite egg roll. 
Your seats are made of wood and need some sort of cushion. The ambiance is pleasant having the right atmosphere. 
This was our second visit, but this second visit was the worst. 
You're getting this message from a couple that eat out every night and both having numerous years of food related experiences including one that was a past member of the chef's association.  
You have something to build on. It's up to you.
Good Luck to you and yours.THIS PLACE WAS AMAZING! Being a vegetarian from California, I had a hard time find things to eat in NOLA until I discovered this little piece of heaven. I ended up eating there 3 times in 2 days. It has one of the best vegetarian pho broths I've had. Plus, the service was outstanding! Everyone was extremely nice and accommodating. I will definitely be back on my next trip.This is not your traditional Vietnamese cuisine, The food was good tho.  We had the curry crispy battered shrimp and lemongrass chicken wings with ginger for appetizers. Soo GOOD! Then my husband had the pork pho which was flavorful and I had the crispy pork belly with vermicelli noodle which was delicious as well although I must say that it lacks a little bit of kick like traditional noodle salad like fish sauce maybe or something.  I'm Filipino so I know if a pork belly is good or not coz we cook a lot of different varieties of pork belly dishes back home and MoPho did a good job with it. Can't wait to be back again and it's close to where I live which makes it even more amazing. Kudos to the owners for bringing delicious Asian fusion food in Mid City and Lakeview. =)So many great things on the menu. I'll start with appetizers, the P and J oysters are spectacular, I have never had oysters with blue cheese before, the combination is amazing. The chicken wings are a close second( gluten free btw ).For entrees the must tries are the lamb neck , clams, and rice cake( must ad uni!) also offered is pho which you can build many combinations as you pick one of four broths and select from several different protein and vegetable options. If your in the mood for a po boy, the duck and oyster is a tie. There's many more things on the menu worth trying. Check it out!Eh. - That's probably the first word that comes to mind. Not terrible but not super spectacular. I would probably go here again if I was dragged there with a friend who really wanted to go, but it wouldn't be my first choice. I'm not the biggest fan of really any Asian cuisine (except Thai), nor am I the most adventurous. ( I guess those two things should have told me that a Vietnamese fusion place wouldn't be my scene...). I had the bone marrow which was prepared very well. Since it's more of an acquired taste thought, it wasn't really my thing. I probably should have stuck to the pho which my friend said was good but she's had better in this town. Definitively don't go expecting traditional Vietnamese food. The bartenders were great and they have cool, trendy atmospherei wanted to eat here twice before reviewing. my first visit was about a month ago and i had the beef pho with oxtail, mushrooms, and greens. i was SO hungover and felt AWFUL, and this hit the spot. i really enjoyed having a lot of protein adds to choose from. i think it's the best variety option you can ask for with pho in town. we also got the wings that were awesome. just a bit too much sauce though. but they were excellent wings overall. 
second trip got me. beef pho with oxtail, head cheese, mushrooms, and greens. it was one of the best pho bowls i've had. the head cheese was what made it seriously good. i was also able to enjoy it thoroughly because i didn't feel like death warmed over. 
i like this place and recommend it. it's a nice little step off the token pho path.Definitely was nothing to brag about. The "asian fusion" that they claim to have had was nothing short of disappointing. The pho was lackluster, was short of meat and noodles, and had an average taste at best. One positive note was the service, which was accommodating to our whole party.Stuck to the basics and ordered the beef pho with oxtail, flank, and pork belly. It was pretty tasty, but definitely different from the pho I expect when I walk into any other joint that sells pho. It was enjoyable enough, but I don't think I would crave it the way I crave "regular" pho.
I also tried the stone and spice bubble tea. It was pretty good, but I couldn't finish it. I probably would have appreciated having the option of a smaller size.
I may be back to try other items on the menu, but as far as the pho goes, I will stick to the traditional Vietnamese menus.Wow what incredible service and food! We had the wings. Until now my favorite wings were at bayou hot wings but these are awesome! They are a good size with lots of meat and the flavors are spicy sweet. I had the pig roast platter. It's about a pound of meat and comes with 2 tortillas. I loved the tortilla and am guessing it is freshly made from scratch there. The hubby had thee bowl of meat pho. The best tasting meat in there was the chicken. The pork belly in there needed a glaze I think. We also had sparkling champagne to go with it all. What a great meal!We ate at Mopho twice while vacationing in New Orleans. We live in San Francisco and have access to great/cheap Vietnamese food and we had high expectations for Mopho based on its history. Our first trip was for lunch and it was really, really good. I had the vegetarian pho and the broth was beyond excellent. It was one of the best bowls of pho I've ever eaten. But, on our second visit for dinner, we had a different experience. I ordered the same pho and it tasted...different. The broth had less flavor Try it out...see if you like it. I would probably return if I was in New Orleans.Mopho was way better than I expected.  The first thing that impressed me was the extensive and unusual selection of meats and vegetables that can be added to your pho.  You get to choose 3, and in addition to the typical flank and beef tendon, you can choose oxtail, duck sausage, shitake mushrooms, way too many delicious things to name.  After selecting my pho, I also chose an appetizer of flash fried P&J Oysters with bleu cheese, radish and chili sauce.  The oysters were huge, perfectly fried with crispy outside and juicy inside, and the sauce was well executed and not too gimmicky a la "Buffalo wing," no it was more balanced and made sense with a depth of flavor and overall made for some delicious bites!  When I received my beef pho, I started to add the usual Sriracha but I stopped and tasted it first.  I'm glad I did!  The broth was delicious!  It did not need anything except of course the cold garnishes.  Yes that pho broth was a wonderful thing.  I would venture to say it was the best I've had.  The noodles were also perfect, not at all mushy even to the last bite.  The only negative I had the entire meal, was that the flank that day had a slight flavor of having gone "off."  Being a Sunday I forgave it and ate it anyway-it was overall still great.  Oh, I should mention that I tried someone else's pork belly vermicelli.  The pork belly itself was dadgum awesome!  Even though it was a humble dish I would hold that pork belly up against that served in the 5 star fine dining establishments.  Which I guess brings me to my conclusion.  If you love the cutting edge ingredients/combinations that you get in trendy, upscale dining, but don't feel like dealing with the rest of the BS (having to make reservations, dress up, park, spend $150 etc) this place has the culinary delights you are looking for, in the medium of traditional vietnamese dishes.  And that to me is a WIN!Wow! I'd heard about this place for years. Finally tried it. This food is cooked with love and all the right spices!!! I'm vegetarian and the tofu po-boy got things going and raised the bar unexpectedly high... then the pumpkin/acorn squash curry with popcorn rice jumped right over it! Wow!The best pho I have ever had! I ordered the "And today we eat meat!" bowl. If you like meat, and like pho, then you have found your dish! So many different types that blend together and create a delicious dish with many dimensions and flavored, that you can't help but overeat and want more still. Even my wife's veggie pho was good; it is hard to find good veggie pho. We both agree that we could eat here every day if we couldTried this place the other day with friends. It was later in the afternoon so it was slow and quiet. We enjoyed having a nice meal together and the service was okay. The food is good and worth trying, but just know you are going to pay for it. I was a little surprised by the prices.Important for readers: Do not park at areas not designated for MoPho 
Luckily when I arrived, a waitress ran outside and told me to move my car. The tow people on that block works really fast. We saw two cars get towed while we ate. I would like to make a big statement on this restaurant. The restaurant is called MoPho. So, anyone would assume the pho is the main goal for attraction. Boy was I wrong. It was bland and the portion was very small. I am disappointed in the menu. The sales tactic for this business does not sit well with me. There are a few popular dishes at a fair, but not cheap price. Everything else was just expensive. Especially for the area. You have hungry college students always around since it's right by Delgado.This is my second time going to MOPHO. First time I had the MOPHO bowl which was pretty good. The fusion here is unique blend of Asian and southern. There are options inspired by Vietnamese of course but other regions such as India. 2nd time i had the curry dish which I would rate 2.3.  But, If are ever in NOLA and want a break from seafood this place is a good option. The pork belly bowl is great and I would also recommend the wings like everyone else. The hype is real!Food was fabulous!  It is NOT Vietnamese, so don't expect it.  The chef even said it is not Vietnamese, it is more a fusion of all the things he loves about Asian style cooking combined into eclectic dishes.
The service matched the food, top-notch.  A definite return for me!Warren H. 
Very disappointing. Decent appetizers, although wings had clearly been frozen and had a poor texture. Duck poboy was tasty but nothing to make this a destination place, especially considering the price. Places in town have Banh Mi for $3-6 that smoke this place. My wife's pork belly rice bowl had absolutely no flavor. No idea what all the hype is about. Will likely NOT be back. Go to Pho Orchid or take the drive out East to Dong Phoung.Spring rolls are hearty and good, but the chicken and waffles? It was a savory sweet combination done many places,  and it works well here.Been here three times now so I feel like I have a good grasp of what goes right and what goes wrong. If this review was based on small plates alone, it would easily be a four-star review. But alas, it's not. 
Good things first-spring rolls, kohlrabi salad, shrimp app plate. Service. Pacing. Decor. Cocktails (though they are $10) and small. 
What I don't get are the main plates and the pho. Paid $22 for ribs and peaches. The entree was sweet and had a lot going on. The meat was super fatty and dry simultaneously dry. Big disappointment. Also have had the whole fish which was over cooked and way too sweet. And it was $35! It wasn't even that big. $35?! The pho wasn't bad by any means, but just not as good as you'd expect from somewhere called MoPho. 
Sigh. Don't want to give up on this place. Hopefully it will keep getting better. For now I suggest going for apps and cocktails!Went there after cycling. The menu is very limited. I thought it was a little pricey. The food was ok. I ordered the shiitake mushroom dish which was very small. It looked like it was made with ramen noodles. My dish was $12. Wow! I ate portion of my husband's dish. He ordered the eggplant dish which he said was fair. I am not sure that I will return. Sorry.Good place for a quick meal
We stopped here at the recommendation of the folks at Second Line Brewery just down the street. I love Pho and this was very good. Got mine with pork belly, vegetables and extra tendon. The serving size was perfect- not too much.  The beef marrow broth was tasty ( three types to choose from). Noticed that a lot of people were ordering what looked like Asian bbq chicken wings. Looked pretty good. Next time.The food & drinks here were a little hit & miss. We took a cab all the way here in the rain and not sure if it was worth the trip to another part of the city! And while I love the concept of alcoholic boba drinks, it just wasn't that well executed. 
RESERVATIONS
Made for Sunday at 1pm about a week in advance. Plenty of times available!
COST
$107.43 before tax, split 3 ways, for 2 coffees, 3 alcoholic boba drinks, 2 starters, and 3 mains. 
MUST-HAVES
None, unfortunately!
DO NOT ORDER
The Boba cocktails, the Crispy Fried P&J Oysters, the Sloppy Roast Duck Po-Boy. 
* Guns & Roses + Mezcal (strawberry, orange, rose water. $11) - 2 stars
To be fair, the server did warn me that the rose water flavor is very strong in this. I've had desserts with rose water and I like it! I didn't think it would be an issue. But it basically gave the drink a very sour tinge, which I didn't enjoy. Also, the boba gets frozen over and become way too hard. This was an issue with all our boba drinks.
* Wedding Cake + Vodka (condensed milk, taro, amaretto syrup. $9) - 2.5 stars
This was fine as a taro drink, but the boba became frozen and hard!
* Assaulted Caramel + Pecan Vodka (condensed milk, caramel, sea salt. $10) - 2.5 stars
This is really sweet! I have a total sweet tooth and even this was a little much. As with the others, the boba became frozen and was way too hard.
APPETIZERS
* Crispy Fried P&J Oysters (mopho mayo, easter egg radish, pickled blue cheese. $14) - 2.5 stars
We weren't impressed. The breading was too crispy, and the oysters just didn't seem very fresh. Usually when you bite into fried oysters, the meat in the middle just kind of melts and the flavor explodes through your mouth. Here the oyster just seemed hard, not very juicy.
* Pork Bun (off menu, $4) - 4 stars
The bun was fresh and soft. The filling was great, a mix of soft pulled meat and crisp fresh veggies. I just wish there was more of that meat filling!
PO-BOYS
* Sloppy Roast Duck (banana barbecue sauce. $11) - 2 stars
The bread wasn't very fresh, and the meat was quite hard. 
ENTREES
* Mopho Chicken Waffle (buttered nuoc mam caramel, sweet potato waffle, bourbon whipped cream, strawberries, fried egg. $17) - 2.5 stars
This wasn't a great balance of sweet and savory. The fact that they added an egg, and on top of that whipped cream and strawberries, made the dish lose focus. They even had to put spicy flavors into the syrup. The waffle itself was heavy, didn't have that nice light layer of crisp to the outside that makes a very freshly made waffle easy to cut through. Lastly, the chicken was dry and the breading too heavy. 
* Glazed Pork Belly Bowl + spring roll (w/ hot smoked shoulder, spiced peanut, crackling, preserved citrus. $13) - 3.5 stars
The best entree, though there wasn't much competition. The flavors are great, and the pork belly soft. The rice underneath was a bit loose - this would've been easier to eat had the rice been stickier.Definitely still 5 stars! 
We went there on Saturday for dinner and were seated in Sam's section. She's good. She knows her menu and has opinions about wine and food that seemed to be cohesive to my tastes. 
I was debating between the vegetarian pho, which I've had and is awesome, or the Covey Rise Eggplant Dish. Well, ladies and gentlemen, I am SO happy that I went with the bowl. It was the most flavorful tofu dish I've ever had in my life. And I eat a lot of tofu when I go to restaurants (mostly because I sadly can't figure out how to cook it well at home). From the first bite to the last, I didn't want it to end. I actually wanted to cry when I took my last bite. I haven't felt that emotional about food in a long time. Yes, one can feel emotional about food. 
Please check this place out if you want something unique with an insane amount of flavor.All of the food was sooooo yummy.  Asian/Vietnamese food with a twist.   The pork belly bowl was amazing the roast duck po boy was yum.  And the pho broth was so tasty. Not one thing there tasted bad.   All was fab!NOthing special about thie place
Attitude from bar staff until it was time for tip.
$5 glass of bubbly at bar
$8 bubble tea
$10 Pho to go- short on bean sprouts so for one person...overpriced.
Not a good value when SO MANY other real good Pho places in town , including at the grocery stores-
I will not be returning
Pretentious. and not all that good
If someone else treats, I will try other dishes- but NO MORE SOUP from here for me.One of the best meals I have ever had in my ENTIRE LIFE!!! Chef Trey Smith is AMAZING!!! We had a little bit of everything... 
the wings are to die for and you will want to take a bath in whatever sauce it is covered in.  The lemongrass makes sure its not too heavy but still gives you a great, light, zesty flavor which will leave you licking your fingers and ordering a second round for the table... 
the som tam salad is so incredibly fresh yet light and bold at the same time.  The ingredients for the dressing are hand-ground with a mortar and pastel and you can seriously taste the labor of love. AMAZING!... 
the fried oysters? Fried to perfection.  Not over or under done.  They know how to cook them just right.... 
THE COCONUT BRAISED SWEET POTATOES WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE!  I kid you not.  I went to this restaurant with my boss and she seriously had to contain herself from sticking her face onto the plate. "I would move to New Orleans for this dish".  And she meant it.
The Lamb neck curry is so tender is melts in  your mouth.  You would think all the flavors would be too much, but they sing in perfect harmony.  Just fantastic and so well done.
On top of the food, the service is first rate.  The servers really know every dish in and out and what contributes to each flavor.  Very well informed, polite, gracious, and friendly.
Overall, this is my #1 place to eat in all of New Orleans.  Hands down the best kept secret in all of NOLA.  You will NOT be disappointed!!!I came in for the pho and it was terrible! First of all, my friends and I chose this place because the exterior looks great and the name sounds catchy. However, the pho was not authentic. The meatballs actually seem like spaghetti and meatball meatballs. The broth tasted like instant soup.Sat at the bar and the bartender was knowledgeable and engaging. Great cocktails and was enjoying an app crawl. She immediately recommended the wings which were on par with the best wings ever made. Great jobWent here for a quiet Sunday night dinner and it was the perfect spot. My friend and I both got the pho and added the pork spring roll, just $1 extra and I highly recommend. They are available as an app but are pretty rich so just having one as a taste was nice. 
I got the fowl broth with meatballs, greens, shallots and mushrooms ($1 extra and not super worth it) and it was a very solid choice. I think protein is a very important pick here as my friend got the chicken thighs and was a bit underwhelmed in terms of flavor. 
The vibe was super nice and their specialty boba cocktails seem very fun. Cute spot with great indoor and outdoor dining options.I am a long time user of this site, and have never felt the need to leave reviews. That being said, I felt an actual obligation to leave one for this place.
Went here with my wife on Wednesday evening. Walked in, and the smell of rotting seafood hit us both in the face. We turned around (almost as quickly as our stomachs had turned) and walked out without even looking at the menu.
My "stars" rating is not based on the food at this restaurant seeing as I never ate here. It is, however, based my desire to return.Been several times in the past few weeks.  I've had one of almost every entree, multiple apps, and some pho and vermicelli bowls.
My favorite entree is the clams.  Absolutely amazing!  
I haven't had the poboys yet but intend to do that soon.  So happy and excited that this place is open!Great menu with interesting appetizers that are easy to share. Don't let the outside, small strip mall with a Burger King fool you as there is a cool ambience inside.  Knowledgeable server staff helped with a menu I wasn't familiar with.First off, the staff is friendly and attentive. For my last visit I started with the crispy fried Brussels sprouts and had the pork belly bowl for the main course. Both were excellent. I will admit that the pork belly may have been too salty for some people, but it worked well for me. I can also recommend the wings and the pho from previous experiences here. The prices are very reasonable, especially for the generous portion sizes. I would definitely recommend it.We've been fans of Mopho since they opened. Tonight we had an unexpectedly more-than-normal super delicious dinner of the chef's tasting menu and the grill special: 
Watermelon puree soup with so many amazing flavor accents
Hangar Steak perfectly cooked with cherries, and accompanied by Mopho's take on fries
Outdoor BBQd grilled ribs with tamarind glaze and Mopho's take on grilled cabbage slaw.
Can't wait to try more chef's specials!Good Wings. Aside from being some of the largest wings that I've ever seen, the mixture of sweet, savory, and spicy ginger was a winner. These were just a snack during a busy day of eating. I'll definitely return for a full meal.As someone from NYC who's had lots of pho, this was awesome and very different from what I'm used to in a great way. Get the pho with pork belly. Also, get the lemon grass wings. 
Really nice casual vibe and service was on point. I appreciated the head chef coming by and checking in on us as well. Will definitely stop by again next time I'm in town.Been here at least 3 times before and was disappointed this time.  Seems the food is somewhat different now due to possible change in chef?  The crispy chicken wings were not as crunchy as before AND they were super spicy this time!  The sausage po-boy was too charbroiled black which is not healthy by the way.  The pho we ordered was not the same as before...the tofu used to be flavorful but this time it was just bland.  Disappointed but may return if they go back to their original style of cooking.This is what happens when hipsters open a Pho joint. Vegetarian pho was mediocre at best. Broth had a strange flavor and was mildly reminiscent of vegetarian broth. The greens were a bitter addition and don't blend well with the broth. 
My friend who got the beef pho said hers
was good, she's had better, but it wasn't awful. 
Bummer guys. Seriously.Really creative and tasty take on Vietnamese food. Worth the $9 uber ride from the French Quarter to experience a great yet untraditional NOLA meal.  We started with a fabulous shrimp spring roll.  So many fresh flavors and great dipping sauce. I had the pork belly bowl with kale and peaches and holy moly it was an explosion of fun tastes in my mouth!  Loved every bite! Friends had the pho and loved it.  The dessert was a highlight of our trip: basil gelato, peach cake and praline crumble.  Charming interior and great service, even if location (in a strip mall with the view of Burger King) is not the best.This place was very yummy. I often thing pho is pretty bland, but theirs was great. And I liked that you can pick and choose what items you would like in your pho, in addition to there being a few pre-set suggestions. The staff was super friendly - would def recommend.This is a fusion style place where they put the local and their own take on Vietnamese food. This sounds good in concept, but the more I thought about it the more I just wanted what I was use to with this cuisine. The pictures looked good and I felt they were worth a try. For those who want something new this would be a good choice for you, for those who want traditional you may not like this place.
The pho has a darker broth the ingredients for the standard it has beef broth with oxtail, tripe, tendon, mushrooms, braised greens and a slow poached egg. That list sounds more like ramen and it tastes like a pho/ramen combo too, it wasn't my thing. You can create your own version too from their list of ingredients. I felt the flavor wasn't there for me and the soup had a lot of competing ingredients. I think they would be better served calling it a different name, because I felt this set them up for more let down as it is a bit different. 
This is one where you're gonna have to figure out if new fusion is right for you, for me it's not.This place has the best frozen old fashions. Fun drink menu. Food is good and different from anywhere else. They have daily specials besides their regular menu items. A bit pricey but worth it. I love the chicken wings, great flavor. Vietnamese with a spicy twist.I was so excited to go to Mopho!  Had seen the chef at Seafood Fest and was really awed by his creativity.  Went tonight with my hubby and two other couples.  First and last time.  It was bad.  Let me clarify - food was....ok.  Service was awful.
From the manager (I asked "are you the manager" to his back as he walked away from our table, to the kitchen runner who couldn't identify the dishes he was bringing to the table.  And don't get me started about the waitress.  Strong accent, very 'harsh'.  That's all I'm saying.
Regardless of how good the food might have actually been - the awful service left a very bad taste in my mouth.
Many, many other wonderful choices in this great city.Totally wowed by this place despite being seated near the door and having mediocre service. Each item on the cocktail menu makes it hard to choose which booze to indulge in; I tried the Dragon Lady and my fiance enjoyed the Tamarind Sour. We ordered all kinds for supper - crispy vindaloo bites and chicken wings to start, the refresher to share as an entree. We skipped dessert, though were tempted to order more of the chicken wings....yes, they were that good! A fun spot in an unlikely part of New Orleans. Give it a go!The pho tasted like water down broth. Meatballs I guess were homemade but didn't taste good. Nothing spoke out to me. The wings were pretty good that's it.Veggie Pho was yummy! Good price and cute atmosphere outside. First visit and I will absolutely be back!Pricey but good pho and really good wings. Sometimes they skimp on the meat in the pho especially if you get it to go. I got the "today we eat meat " and I felt it was half as much meat as it usually has been in the past. Cost me 53$ for two pho and an order of wings.This modern  and regional take on Pho and other Vietnamese dishes is such a delight.  I recommend the grilled pork springrolls, so light and delicious with some delightful grilled pork belly - Yum!  The Pho is versatile, you can create your own from a lovely list of ingredients or you can get one of their concoctions.  I like the refresher best.  With happy hour drinks and a full bar, this place is a delightful City Park area find.Came here with some girlfriends to nurse a Bourbon Street hangover on the way back from a swamp tour (super touristy, I know). What caught our attention was the name, just sounded like a place that could comfort ailments brought on by copious amounts of sugary alcohol. Or I was just desperate for some food.
Loved the idea of custom pho bowls! I ordered beef broth with a lot of meats (can't remember specifics), which were yummy except for the meatballs that became mushy in the broth. They also offered unique bubble tea flavor combinations which can be alcoholic optional (at that time, I opted not to). I got the lychee one to go which ended up being a tad strong for my taste.
As for service, we had a great server Dane who was extremely friendly and has really cool tattoos (ask him about his Disney and Harry Potter ones, and he'll probably tell you about his designer makeup instagram). The overall experience was positive and I would definitely go back to try some more of their dishes.Wow was this restaurant amazing. We went during the week but I heard Friday nights are where it is for this place. Everything was so flavorful and rest. All flavored used went well together and I can't wait to bring my husband back.MOPHO- We've been waiting for you!
Good mixed drinks, good wine/beer list. We dined at the bar, with good friendly service. They have the best chicken wings ever- great sauce, great marinade. And the clam entree was amazing, with a divine sauce. The spring rolls were fine, but not at the top of their game- peanut sauce was bland compared to the flavor bombs of the other dishes. To finish we had an amazing condensed milk dessert. Hope no one sensitive to caffeine has this- they put crumbled chocolate covered espresso beans on it. (so good).Great place. Wings and bun are on happy hour. Sooo good and so cheap. Service by Penny was excellent as well. Much appreciated!We got the fried chicken and waffles. The food was very unique in flavor and delicious. The dish was savory with a twist and the classic fried chicken had the spice known only to new orleans. Since we were just visiting from out of town I would definitely go back.Last night was the second time I have been to Mopho in the last month. Both times, it was absolutely fantastic! The food is such a great blend of unusual flavors, yet everything goes together wonderfully. The service was super and the chef came out to check and make sure everyone was fully satisfied. The prices are nice, meaning it's not too expensive, especially for the quality of the food. Also, the Dragon Lady cocktail is a nice blend of tequila, not too sweet fruit, and a slight jalapeño kick!  I recommend it highly!My friends guided me to this place as a good choice for vegetarians and they were right!
I think it will take me a while to try the vegetarian Pho, only because I am obsessed with the roasted tofu with black bean mayonnaise Po Boy. BOY was that delicious and spicy!  I would have that Po Boy on a regular basis if the location were more convenient for me.Vietnamese food craving? Here's your place!
First thing I noticed when looking at the menu was that they seemed kind of expensive, especially for such a casual place. I ended up just getting the pho because  it was the only thing on the menu that seemed reasonably priced that I would like. 
Despite the high prices, the pho was amazing! I got the beef pho with mushrooms, flank, and tofu. They give you a HUGE bowl of it so I ended up having leftovers for the next day. I'll have to remember this for next time when I get a cold or my sinuses are acting up. I feel like Pho is made for that!
As far as atmosphere, it's rather a trendy sort of casual place. They also have some kind of outdoor patio thing going on which is nice for when the weather starts getting cooler. I can't really tell you more than that because some guy tripped on my sister's chair and we got a case of the giggles for the entire meal (I know, we're mean, but we made sure he wasn't hurt first). It didn't help that the guy who fell was sitting at the table next to us so we really just felt awkward the whole time as we sat there trying not to look at each other. It kinda ruined the experience. 
I did notice before leaving that they have good happy hour specials so I can't wait to come back and try them out!
All in all, this place is a win for me!I had dinner there with family and it was great. Although, from what others have said the lunch is better but I had no complaints. 
I had the Spicy Pork Belly which was excellent. We had a red wine but since my nephew ordered it I have little knowledge of what he ordered, but it all came together really well. 
I'm used to the Vietnamese in NYC but this was quite different as it was a melange of Cajun/Viet.YUMMMMMMERS!!!!
As a Bay Area native, who lives near A LOT of traditional Pho restaurants this was exciting. My cousin and I atteneded a YELP even in the morning and we were told by some Elites and locals to go check out MOPHO, a rather new joint in town.
We were starving, so as soon as we walked in the place we placed our order we were ready to chowdown!!
I ordered Tofu Spring Rolls and devoured them within minutes. We waited patiently for our Veggie Pho and when it arrived it was beautiful as could be. O-M-G the flavor was immaculate!!! I've never had eggplant in a soup, and boy was it delicious. It was far from the traditional flavor, but that was OK with me; it was love at first slurp!! lol
The service was rather slow, maybe not enough staff for the quantity of customers in the location. However a man was going around asking everyone if everything was ok, if there was anything he could do to assist, so that was great, it shows that he cares.
Overall, A-M-A-Z-I-N-G food & very cute location. 
P.S: When I got home in California one of the first's cravings I had was for Mopho's Veggie Pho 
so if in the big easy... have some pho for meSome of the food was really good (especially the chicken wings) but the clams tasted a bit off. I would have rated this higher if we didn't have a waitress who was very sassy in all of her replies to our questions. Also, the beef rib rice bowl has more bone than actual meat, luckily the curry makes up for the lack of meat.Started with the chicken wings and spring rolls. Moved on to the salads and pulled noodles and then finished off with pho and "Po boys". Michael is killing it here. He and Jeff are running a restaurant that hits it on all levels. Service, food and atmosphere are all perfection.This is probably my favorite fusion restaurant in town! I tried crispy chicken wings, the refresher, and glazed pork belly bowl with my boyfriend and our favorite was the crispy chicken wings. It was indeed crispy but super soft inside. I loved the sauce so much that I want to steal the recipe for it. The refresher kind of tasted like pho mixed with ramen which was still delicious! I want to try their green tomato curry next time I go back! I also love how their concise menu is full of unique plates!I had the wings for lunch and they were so tasty. Everything you order is well thought out and perfectly cooked. The pho is always tasty, but with the hot weather I decided to go for a piece of sheepshead. I will be back!Very unique menu. If you like to try new and different things, this place is for you. Everything I have tried so far I have really enjoyed.  I would suggest the pho and chicken wings. Also the brussel spouts were fantastic.the wings are so good. i like the tofu pho and my boyfriend gets the pork shoulder pho.All I can say is that it was just "ok". The Thai wings were good but not great; they could have used more spice. The beef Pho broth lacked flavor. I'll stick with the more authentic Vietnamese restaurants.Ok so I've never ate Pho before so I was excited to try it for the first time.... Our server was a young boy seemed like he was stoned or something we gave him our orders and he only brought out two he forgot our main entrée and an appetizer. When I finally got my Pho I thought it was really yummy, but according to my friends who have had Pho before they said it was not authentic.... Overall the service was not all that and the food was alright. Didn't even take any photosMopho was so-so. Our service was good, and the server was nice enough. My husband had the special, pulled pork. It was $26... which around here isn't bad, but compared to the rest of the menu and the portion, it seemed high. The pho was great, and I think that if you come here, that is what I would suggest getting. Some of the appetizers, like the spring rolls and the crispy oysters were delicious. 
We were a group of 7 that came in on a Saturday night. We had a reservation, but it was empty the entire time we were there.Very disappointing experience given all of the hype about this place. The wings were solid, but everything else was less than mediocre. Service was not great.Ease of making a rezzy: 
The time I wanted wasn't available, but 15 minutes later I received a text indicating that my requested time was now open!.....5 stars (way to go Yelp reservations!)
Service: 
Great. Attentive and relaxed. No obvious signs of upselling. 5 stars. 
Food:
Chicken wing appetizer: ridiculously good. I would come back just for those.  Perfectly fried with amazing flavor.  My last bite, though, must have had an unusually large chunk of ginger in it because it overwhelmed me.  I could see someone who didn't love robust flavors not agreeing with the rave reviews. For me, 5 stars!
Entrees: Black rice seafood paella. 2.5 stars. The black rice seemed to be crunchy and a bit undercooked (not sure if that's the way the chef intended). Bits of seafood atop about one cup of rice for $30 seemed a bit pricey. Presentation was nice in a cast iron dish.  
Clams with annatto bread sticks. 4 stars.  This dish was very flavorful with the perfect amount of spice.  There was broth that amounted to a cup of soup left in the dish that I wanted to slurp right up! Excellent clams, but not a huge fan of the lamb bacon accompaniment. It almost seemed raw to me, but my husband loved it. 
Overall, I like this place.  The ambiance was cool and I could easily overhear other patrons praise their dishes (you do sit that close to others). My biggest pet peeve: I have a hard time dropping $100 on dinner when I have to rip off paper towels from the end of the table for a napkin like I'm at Hooters.  Or, reach across the table to pull out a fork and knife from a wax paper sleeve. Bad call.  Yes the food is good, but at that price point there are many other options that provide a more connected experience. When my entree is $30 bucks, I expect a real freakin napkin. But those wings might make me forget that.So the interior was nicer than I expected from the exterior view and then they had a nice surprise of a little patio in the back.  I got the pho and found it decent (and I've certainly had worse) but it wasn't like most traditional Vietnamese pho I've had.  The pho was also a bit confusing on the menu as you get to pick 3 proteins but greens are counted as a protein for some reason and I would avoid the chicken as it was just in small less generous chunks than the beef.  I was also disappointed that they didn't fill my pho bowl all the way up and left about 2 inches below the spot most other Vietnamese joints will fill it up to.  I was also quite pleasantly surprised by the other items on the menu which looked quite tasty and interesting so I would like to return to sample some of the other things here but I don't think I would go for the pho again.  The prices were also quite reasonable despite the slight hipster vibe of the joint.The food is excellent but watch out for to go orders. The bartender is in charge of it and doesn't really care much about it. Your food might be sitting for a long time without the bartender caring or even checking the name on the order. Maybe the tips aren't good on to go orders or what, but be ready for a cold and expensive meal. Maybe it's tough to get service without a tattoo or a beard.
When I called and asked for the manager I didn't get the manager or a call back as promised.
Dining in is good though.Went to MOPHO with my sister on a recent trip to New Orleans and everything was great, to the short wait at the bar to the food but one thing was truly exceptional and that was the crispy brussel sprouts starter. I have tried many "crispy" brussel sprout dishes in my life and they're always crispy on the outside but soggy toward the middle. This place makes the effort to break up the sprouts before frying resulting in leaves with the texture of kale chips but better flavor in my opinion. Served with a delicious sauce and it was perfect. Get the sprouts you will not be disappointed!We are so happy with every dish we ordered. My favorite one is pork belly over coconut rice. It is so yammy, with all the details, so flavorful! We will definitely just come back for this one!Finally got to try MoPho. And results were good. The pho was solid, wings were good. Service what I would expect from a casual place. Friendly and accommodating. This will serve as a nice low key casual bite to eat place in my rotation when I want Pho. Good enough to be included, yet not overwhelmingly enough to disregard others.I had the pho with beef broth, ribeye, pork belly, and slow boiled egg.  It was a good broth, and the meat was delicious.I get that it's fusion food, and that it's not trying to serve authentic pho, but throughout my entire meal I kept enjoying the flavors, but kept thinking, "this would be so much better with more pho spices."
I came with a group of five people for lunch and we had no issues getting seated right away. We were all craving pho and wanted to give this place a try. Some of our table got the alcoholic bubble teas, which were really good and priced okay. I split a duck po'boy, their version of a banh mi with someone and was a little shocked at what I got for $11. Since I split the sandwich I was barely able to take three bites and it was gone. The sandwich was good, but nothing special, surely not worth $11. Killer Po'boys makes a far better "fusion po'boy."
I also ordered a bowl of pho and started with the pork broth and added grilled tofu, grilled mustard greens, and flank steak. You get to add three "proteins" or add-ins to your pho and then can add additional components for an extra price. I literally got three thin pieces of flank steak, only about four pieces of tofu, and a few pieces of mustard greens in a giant bowl of broth. I must say though, whatever they did to the mustard greens, they were amazing; a little charred and smokey with all their vibrant green glory showing, but if only I was able to try more of it. On top of that, everyone at our table had to ask for more fresh herbs and bean sprouts since each of us were presented with less than a handful of greens to add to our pho. We were all disappointed by the lack of "proteins" in our pho. 
My whole meal I felt a little cheated by flavor and quantity of food for the price. I brought home a tall Tupperware canister of mediocre broth and one lone tofu chunk for leftovers. It kind of annoys me that they even use the title "pho" in their name and call their soups pho, since it's clearly lacking the full flavor and quality of a real pho. 
I've debated back and forth about whether to give this place three or two stars, since some aspects do really stand out, but since I don't see myself coming back and really wouldn't recommend this place to anyone I have to settle for two stars.I've never understood the hype of this place. The food is generally good but not mind-blowing, the location is in the part of New Orleans that's trying so very hard to be Metairie, and the whole operation seems more like Asian Appropriation Cuisine than Asian Cuisine. It's definitely a pass in my book.When Asian meets Cajun!  Chicken wings were the BOMB.com!  We added a side of white rice to it and it was no ordinary white rice. There was a bit of coconut flavor to its and it was delicious.  My husband also really liked the hot sausage Poboy and PB &J oysters.  We will definitely be back to try the pho next time!We met up with friends our last night in New Orleans. Service was very friendly, if a little slow. The bartender cheerfully discussed the cocktail menu and made a great cocktail. The pho was extremely flavorful but surprisingly light on meat and greens.Wait--I think I actually LOVE Mopho. We waited to try it out until Mopho worked out their routine. We had actually taken them off of our list because we got some ehh reviews. What brought us in was an appetizer we had at Drafts for Crafts at the museum, which was their blue cheese and some sort of chipotle mayo with a perfectly fried oyster. Obviously that was SOOOO GOOD that we just had to go to Mopho immediately after on the following night. 
We started with the chicken wings and shrimp and pork spring rolls. The chicken wings are to die for and are fun and messy, perfectly crispy, and tossed in a sauce I wanted to bathe in. The spring rolls are probably the best I've had at a restaurant, they're perfectly wrapped and filled with a delicious fresh combo of veggies, paired with a nice thick peanut sauce. After that we ordered our entrees. I got the tofu and cauliflower rice bowl with a fried egg and it was exactly what I wanted. It was light and filling at the same time and the tofu was crunchy without being dry. I definitely will have a hard time trying anything else because it was so good that I want to order it again and again. My dad got the oyster poboy (a take on Bahn mi) but did not share a single bite because he wasn't willing to part with it. That's a lot for a man who has never really liked Vietnamese food! My mom got the duck poboy. It was amazing, and delicious, and the (rice?) chips that they're served with was a refreshing take on basic chips. 
While I wish we could have gotten desert, we were honestly too stuffed...but I'll be coming back for something that our waiter mentioned there was house made black sesame ice cream in... However, this was probably because we started with drinks. I ordered the Guns-and-Roses + Mezcal boba tea, which was the most satisfying drink I've had at a restaurant recently. Who doesn't love boba tea, ESPECIALLY when there's alcohol added to it. I can't wait to come back and try the other flavors. 
I honestly see myself coming back to Mopho a million times. Easily one of my favorite spots in the city now.A gem, discovered on our last day as we were looking for a pho breakfast. Fabulous creative dishes, delicious pho, salad, cocktails (firefly) and coffee. If this wasn't our last day we'd surely be back. Waitstaff very helpful.Brussel sprouts and chicken wings and the coffee boba were amazing!! Chicken pho was decent. We ordered a lot and spent only about 20 per person. Reasonably priced and delicious food!Casual and cute atmosphere. Service was great. Appetizers were delicious and taste better than our main entrees. The cocktail I had didn't have much alcohol in it and wasn't worth the price either. I'll be back to try their pho.Positive - The start off I suggest the side brussel sprouts - they were my favorite dish! I had the fowl pho with shallots, greens and thigh and it was good. To end we had the samoa and it was amazing - not only beautifully presented but well made. 
Negative - Small portions. $11 calamari appetizer was small, but it was only an appetizer. My friend had the $15 Chanterelle and sweet corn tossed with alkaline noodle dish and was pleased with the taste, but disappointed with the portion size and that the waitress who suggested the dish did not mention the portion size (it looked more like an appetizer)
Overall tasty dishes, attentive wait staff and nice atmosphere. I will come back especially to see the outdoor patio!I was there a few years ago and had good memories so recently came back  with my son. This time it was different experience.  We ordered Pho mine was vegetarian but didn't had much veggies more of broth. My son has beef one and there were not a single peace of beef but the bulbs of fat that he couldn't eat . It even looked bad. He still making fun of me for taking him to suposivly cool place. Maybe we got spoiled by eating really good Pho at couple other places and this one was no match at all.I couldn't believe how amazing this place was. Usually when you think of NOLA, you don't think of Vietnamese food, but you should really go here! We got the shrimp spring roles to start, which i could have kept eating those all nigh. And then as a  main the eggplant dish. So yummy, filling, and healthy!
Seriously, go here if you can! Also they get busy early - so make reservations.I'm now a Mopho regular and I've never been disappointed! Quite the opposite actually, always super surprised and impressed with the adventurous menu that delivers in a big way! Best vegetarian pho I've ever had (also have amazing choices for meat eaters too) and I was amazed by the whole fried fish! Really can't rave about that dish enough!!! The indoor setting far surpasses the strip mall parking lot it dwells in, so don't let that minute detail deter you. This is my new favorite neighborhood restaurant and it soon will be yours. See you at the classy bar over a glass of red ;)I really hate going out to eat because people automatically get the assumption that because I appear young I'm about to cause problems, act up, tip poorly, etc. when in reality I've worked in the service industry for some years now and I appreciate good service when I receive it and I also show it in my tip. It also bothers me that an establishment that I frequently eat at and always tip well over 20% whenever I come would ever offer service like the service I just received. I honestly don't care to come back ‍#twothumbsdownBubble tea + alcohol = Me a happy camper!!!!!  
Crepe myrtle boba tea & spring rolls was my order.  The drink was awesome; tapioca & booze... yessssssssssss!!!!  I only ordered the spring rolls because I had just eaten about 40 minutes earlier, but since I was passing, I had to stop in & order something.
I love the decor & the openness of the restaurant; provides great ambience & dining room flow.  I ordered at the bar as I was getting something to nosh on, I was pleased with the prompt, friendly service I received, despite the other bar patrons that were also being waited on.
Locate in the complex across the street from Delgado Community College & adjacent to the Burger King, to me this place has a feel that would be best placed on Carrollton Avenue itself; hey idk, maybe relocation is in their near future. Just seems outta place.
Although the menu is one-paged, I'm sure there's something on there for everyone.  The selections all seem so appealing; I plan to gobble up a full meal upon my return.If you want to like Mopho, you have to accept it for what it is. WARNING: IT IS NOT A VIETNAMESE RESTAURANT. There. I said it. Cat's out of the bag! This ain't no Pho Tau Bay. 
So now that we've got that out of the way, we can appreciate Mopho for what it IS: an amazing, modern, fusion restaurant that is oh so good.
The wings are seriously some of the best wings I've ever had. Perfectly spicy and tangy and full of lovely flavor. I'm craving them so hard right now.
The banh mis are also surprising delicious. I haven't once been disappointed. The sauce they put on them has some type of interesting, salty, sweet, tangy flavor that really just fits their flavor profile. Their oyster one is out of this world. 
The service..... is eh. But it IS a hipster restaurant. What do you expect?Food is good, but it's super pricey for some noodles and rice! The protein portion of the meal is small :(  I don't think I'd go back.I personally didn't think it was that great. It was my first time trying pho and I wasn't that impressed. And it was overpriced in my opinion.Amazing, amazing, amazing! I wish I had a place like this close to home. My mom and I are here in New Orleans visiting from Philly for the first time. We had the typical Creole food our first day here and wanted to try something different. The best place we've been to so far, hands down. The chicken wings were out of this world. The sauce was mouth watering and addictive and the wings were fried to perfection. They were just the right amount of crunch, juicy and tender on the inside. The Brussel sprouts spring rolls were so good. Every time I took a bite the brussel sprouts were like a nice warm surprise to the typical Vietnamese spring roll. My mom built her own pho with pork, chicken broth, and greens, I tasted some and it was the best pho I've ever had. It didn't even need any fixings of hoisin, soy sauce, or sriracha. The meat was just falling apart and so juicy. I got the special of pumpkin curry. It was just the right amount of sweet and spicy and I kept going in for more. Last but not least, the service was amazing! Our server was great, he took his time with us and gave us suggestions on what to order, my mom's a pretty picky eater and he took his time and explained what would work best for her. She was worried coming here and she loved it and wanted to come back the next day! Thank you thank you for the good eats and service!Far exceeded my expectations. I can't wait to go back to try to whole menu.The food was excellent.  I had the pork belly rice bowl and a side of broccoli.  Both cooked to perfection.  The service was great. Friendly and accommodating. I will always  recommend this restaurant to all family and friends.  Cant wait to go back for happy hour and try the drink specials and wings. Yummy.  Btw. The atmosphere  was elegant casual if there is such a thing
 Love it love it love. Price was bang for your buck.This restaurant will not survive on the strength of its "pho". There are far to many superior alternatives in NOLA.
Both the "fowl" and pork broths lack the depth of flavor one expects from pho. They are just basic broths, not slowly cooked, judging from the flavor. The concept is good, its just that they pale next to their competition. 
Like the Pho, the springs rolls are a good concept that is poorly executed. The little details are missed. The vegetation is cut too thick, making it a distraction. The rolls are rolled poorly, very loose, making them hard to handle. The peanut sauce is excellent, but that should not be the best thing about the rolls.
Many of the other menu items are intriguing, but with their name they will be judged by their Pho. Mopho doesn't approach the top ten places to get Pho in NOLA. Its not a bad place, it just doesn't reach the bar.Yes it is as good as all the hype!  Really enjoyed the sloppy duck bon mi sandwich....classic Vietnamese with a NOLA twist, clean and very fresh tasting ingredients....and their take on chicken and waffles was very nice
although we didn't have drinks the menu was really clever with many unique mixes we will have to come back!Just OK... The vermicelli came in a small portion. The pho was a huge portion but not too much meat to speak of.
We also got pork & shrimp rolls that were good. 
The waiter gave us a few extra Shrimp and took our drinks off the bill as recompense for the disappointing entrees. 
Overall I give it a C.I am mystified by the enthusiasm for this restaurant.  I have been here three times .  I came when they opened and decided not to post because although i found the food disappointing, it was a new restaurant. The second time, the reviews were piling up and although I had a bad food experience i thought it might be a bad night.  Okay third time, I am ready to add my two cents.
The service is always good here.  The atmosphere has its bohemian charms. But the food is a big problem for me.  First let me say the chicken wings are consistently a winner.  And the Pho is the best thing on the menu.  Everything else I have ever had tastes exactly the same.  The dirty rice was exactly like the ramen noodle. 
What is that taste?  Over oily, crazy salty too much soy sauce/whaterver sauce... On my most recent trip there were four hungry people.  We probably over ordered so therefore we sampled many plates.  
Chicken Wings were a winner
Ramen with Crab seriously overpriced considering that there was not a trace of crab in the carcass we were served and the noodles were swimming in oil and overly salty and soy sauced.
The spring roll was absurd.
The Fried rice was exactly like the ramen.
The lamb curry was not curry by any definition or nation I could imagine.  Very oily.   The decision to combine large chunks of tofu with tiny dabs of lamb seems misguided. The sort of rolled flat bread was just okay.
At one point I said to my pal that the best thing about this restaurant is that they have a parking lot!  It gets my vote for  Most overrated restaurant.Really wonderful vegetarian Pho with tasty veggie broth, grilled mushroom, tofu, grilled eggplants. We put in the slow poached egg and let the yolk melting in the broth. Interesting twist of the Vietnamese traditional Pho. Would be nice to have  more bean sprouts and mint leaves to go with Pho.
The dessert with the miso caramel sauce is one of the kind, the chocolate cake part is not too sweet, just enough.
I will come back.I've visited three times and all I can say about Mo Pho is give me mo! 
When I first heard rumors that veterans of August were going to open a neo-Viet bistro, I was psyched (I love both traditional  & experimental Vietnamese cuisines).I also heard that it was taking extra time because the owners were picky about every element, from decor to kitchen gear, Well I, for one, am grateful for their collective exactitude. Considering its location in a strip mall with a Subway, an armed forces recruiting station and a Burger King, the vibe of Mo Pho is rustic chic to the max. Clean lines, deep muted colors and cool furniture let you know you are at a destination restaurant...but let's talk about the food.
   First of all, they put an excellent spin on the shrimp spring roll: fried shrimp inside the otherwise cool, fresh roll that is also stuffed with fresh leafy greens-delicious!
The noodle & rice options are the same and the two I've sampled have been spectacular. The grilled jumbo shrimp are succulent and redolent of the spicy mustard and basil with which they are cooked, and the baby squash & roasted peppers are a perfect counterbalance to the sweet crustaceans. I had this one with popcorn rice and was delighted with the masterfully fluffy grains, full of nutty flavor in their own right. I have also sampled the slow roasted and crispy fried covey rise eggplant.with Tole's tofu (which I swear taste like little smokies...I mean that as a compliment!) over chilled vermicelli and instantly designated it one of the very best vegetarian dishes in the city.
    There are always tempting specials and on our last visit, my lovely wife chose the cochon de lait (Saturdays only) and was not only literally in hog heaven, but got two full meals out of it. She also loved her Violette Femme cocktail (so much so that we now have a bottle of Creme de Violette in our bar). Service has been warm and efficient every visit, so I can't recommend Mo Pho mo.Fantastic lunch at Mopho. We ate fried oysters every day we were in New Orleans and the ones we had at Mopho were among the best we tried all week.
Since it was Monday, the special was a modern take on red beans and rice, which was excellent... just the right amount of heat and the tons of flavor.
We'll keep coming back, you should too.I'm going to go with three stars for now, because it was definitely good!  But didn't quite knock my socks off.  I would go back, and feel like I probably should, to try out what I initially came for: the pho.
First impression was, good atmosphere, fun music, welcoming faces.  Menu was just the teensiest bit confusing.  As a first timer here, I GREATLY appreciated our server Robert being super helpful and explaining it all to us.  You pick a base pho, we chose the beef with marrow, and then you pick three max from the standard, or you can choose x amount from the premiums and whatnot.  At first glance we thought that the standard came with ALL of those items.  But you only choose three of what you like and any additional items would be fifty cents each.
We ordered the crispy wings, and street corn.  I got the Guns N' Roses with orange vodka and it was pretty good, the super fruity stone named one I'm told was good too.  The beef with marrow, and lots of goodies.  The lamb platter was okay, and very expensive at $26 .  It wasn't quite worth it in my opinion, but I also know a lot of love was put into making it, so I get it.  I just should have asked before ordering it.  Very little food for the price.  I liked the idea that it's made to meet everything you want in your order, and that they grow all their herbs there.  The lemongrass ice cream was pretty tasty also.
Overall
Customer service was wonderful
Location is nice
No wait is a good thing
Food was good
But just be cautious of what you order since the prices would possibly jump around 
I'll go with four stars insteadIf you're a seafood fan, chances are you'll love the black (with cuddle fish ink) sticky rice paella with seafood! And it's served in a cast iron skillet! We also had the pan fried ramen noodles with duck, which is definitely worth the try. Can't recommend that paella enough!There ain't No Pho like Mopho! Any combination of ingredients served in one of several broths with fresh accompaniments. Great value. Very relaxing open restaurant, low light level, very little noise. Great lunch getaway adjacent to Delgado University campus. A+ for Ambiance!YAY! We loved our visit. The staff was very prompt and knowledgeable. Atmosphere is very modern, and relaxed. The food was delicious, I always love a simple menu. Just remember its not tradition Vietnamese but a delightful fusion.Tucked Away Treasure Of Asian Eating Pleasure
It was my first visit and was recommended by a close friend. I went here during the happy our where you can get great meal bargains. The specials are written on the wall at the bar, not on the menu. I ordered the chicken wings and grilled cabbage salad. The wings were huge and they are fried in a light batter, coated with a sweet Asian sauce with fresh grated ginger on them. This is the whole wing cut at the drummet. Delicious! The grilled cabbage salad was impressive as well with a tart dressing on it. I loved the sauce so much that came on the wings a put that sauce on the salad as well. Keep in mind that the wing sauce will mostly be at the bottom of the bowl so don't neglect it, dip the wings in it as you eat them. I'm going back for the pho and other items soon.Brussel sprouts are incredible I loved everything we ordered. Boba tea was good, such cool and unique flavors to choose fromOK I've never given any place 1 star before but there's always a first and unfortunately for this place it is my first. So I came to this place knowing quite well that is not a conventional Vietnamese place and don't get me wrong I love unconventional creativity. However this place got it so wrong.
I went with the most expensive bowl of Pho on the menu, the $19 she bang with everything in it. First of all, the price is quite steep, not just this one but everything else on the menu is expensive too. 
The pho came out looking strange and it's fine because looks can be deceiving however when I tasted it it didn't taste anything like pho. It has no pho aroma, has a vey oily orange layer on top like chilly oil. And the meat, OMG! Everything was shredded like pulled pork and I mean everything. I wasn't sure what exactly i was eating. This bowl has like 5 different things in it and I couldn't tell which was which, all I could see was a bowl of some kind of broth, and lots of shredded meat. The only thing that remotely resembled pho was the noodles. The broth was also very salty. I used 2 lemon wedges to dilute it and it was still salty. Same as the egg roll that was included. The filling of it was also salty pulled pork. They would put that inside the bowl of pho if I hadn't asked them to put it on the side. 
I love it when chefs try to be creative, try to get outside the box, try to be unconventional and put a twist to a much loved traditional food like pho but man make sure you do a good job of it otherwise it's a joke. Even if it didn't taste anything like pho if it was good I would still love it. Sadly this wasn't the case.Just left & have nothing but great things to say.  We arrived around 9 on a Friday night.  All of the tables we taken so we opted for the bar, worked out perfectly.  Kelly was the bartender & had great suggestions throughout the meal.  Started with a Dragon Lady cocktail and the lychee/melon boba tea (vodka added.) bother great but the boba was super yums. Yums enough that I ordered one for myself, but at Kelly's suggestion with gin.  I'm not a gin fan & was a bit skeptical. Way, way better with the gin! Thanks Kelly! Started with the oysters that were perfectly fried & followed with the beef pho & alkaline noodle dish.  Both also outstanding.  The pho broth was rich & velvety  & had ample portions of protein. The noodle dish was light & bright & hit all the notes.  Will definitely come again.