While I am a cafe du monde fan through and through, this is a nice little addition to city park and was great after walking around celebration in the oaks.  Sitting and eating was hopeless so we had to get it to go and walk out eating beignetsI was told by a friend who proclaims to know all things New Orleans that Morning Call beignets are as good as Cafe du Monde beignets. As I was already exploring City Park and Morning Call is conveniently located in the park premises, I thought we would see if this bold proclamation holds any water.
Beignets were alright. Honestly, they do not compare to Cafe du Monde's heavenly beignets, but if you were watching your sugar intake, theirs would be a more than sufficient substitute. They do not pile on the powdered sugar, therefore allowing the diner to adjust sugar to their taste. The beignets were pretty good, Cafe du Monde bias aside, and I think I would have been more appreciative had I not been told to expect beignets as good as Cafe du Monde's.
Also on the upside, if you were looking for more than beignets and coffee/hot chocolate, Morning Call also offers real food in their menu (i.e. gumbo, jambalaya, etc) and they also offer alcoholic beverages. The service here was also friendlier than Cafe du Monde's.
If you are in the City Park area and want decent beignets, Morning Call would suffice.Much, much different experience here last time around. Nothing like what I've known them for in the past.
After waiting in the line out the door for about ten minutes, a server yelled out that they have table service so we made our way to one.  After another twenty minutes at the table before having our order taken, i attempt to get the attention of the server who's been in our section taking care of every other table but ours, only to get the 'one-minute-finger' from her. Very rude. she walked back and forth past our table at least another four times without even looking me in my face or acknowledge our presence. That level of disrespect does not sit well with me.
Finally another server (who upon us sitting down, said someone will be with us) seen that we still had not been served and took our orders. He was wildly appreciative of the tip and I just began to wonder if the other server assumed that I would not. Whatever. 
The older, blonde woman with shoulder - length hair and jacked up teeth needs to get her act together. Didn't get her name but that should be descriptive enough.Beautiful setting in a gorgeous park, and the beignets are better than Cafe du Mond. The beignets are light and I love the fact I can add my own powdered sugar and it isn't all over the floor and being wasted in copious amounts a la Cafe du Mond. Cafe au lait was meh, tasted like they didn't use fresh milk but it sufficed when heavily sugared. Well worth a trip down the beautiful Esplanade Ave. There is also a sculpture garden and the New Orleans Museum of Art.My beignets were delicious.  I went as part of a tour and everyone said all the food that they tried was good but I can only personally vouch for the beignets since they were the only thing I purchased.  The staff was also very pleasant and I was served right away which was good because we had to be back on the tour bus by a certain time.The beignets were warm, flakes and delicious!!! There is a shaker of powdered sugar on the table to you can be in control of how much is on your treat. The cafe was busy and a live band played. There were only a few servers so they tried to be as attention e as they could...lol
All in all a good experience.This was the best substitute we could find for Cafe Du Monde.  The service is good, and the beignets are even better.  The only caveat is that the restaurant is not conveniently located near anything.The beignets in Morning Call are way better than Cafe Du Monde.  Cafe Du Monde is more well known because I think they have better marketing. I don't see any advertising for Morning Call, it seems only the locals know of it.  My tip would be, try the beignets in Cafe Du Monde, then try Morning Call's, when you do your own taste test make sure they're both fresh from being cooked then decide, I'm sure you'll agree with me.Delicious beignets and pretty good gumbo.
Tons of seats but I can easily imagine when the tour buses get here, they end up mobbed.
Server takes your order and your cash-- and remember, cash only.
Main detraction was that of the three beignets, the first two were perfect, the third was a little more heavy or overly fried or something. Minor nitpick to be fair, but combine that with the out of the way location (which can be a plus or a minus), and the fact that there's so much competition...
Makes it hard to award a 4* rating.After trying Cafe Du Monde we stopped by this place while in City Park. The beignets here are slightly less dense for people who might prefer that. They also have frozen cafe au lait which was nice with the summer heat.Alligator sausage and crawfish etouffee where phenomenal.  Such a great place to come for a bite to eat when your in the park.  Park is fantastic.Delicious, non doughy beignets. I love their beignets and how they are lighter and not doughy, unlike Cafe Du Monde. Typically the powdered sugar is applied by the customer, but since I ordered to-go, mine came with powdered sugar. The restaurant is open 24/7 and is located inside of City park. Their coffee is on the strong side and they only accept cash.Beignets were good.  Very much the same as Cafe Du Monde.  However, the service and the ambiance were not as great as Cafe Du Monde.  This just takes you back to a different time.  But the floors and tables were all really sticky.So we went on a ghost tour and found this little hidden gem when our tour guide took us to the city park. The Cafe Au Lait as well as the beignets were on point. We ordered a cup of jambalaya at the suggestion of our waiter and it was amazing. Quite honestly, probably one of the best eats we had the entire time we were in New Orleans, and thats saying something.Love the location, am ok with the food.
City Park is one of my favorite places in New Orleans, and having a beignet restaurant in the park is a huge win.  
I am good with the service. I've been here many times, and have had decent service on almost every visit. 
My biggest issue is the beignets. I find them doughy rather than fluffy on the inside and a little crispy on the outside. Being doughy leaves them feeling greasy and heavy. Coming here is definitely easier than going into the quarter, parking, walking to Cafe du Monde and waiting in line during peak times, but hey, it's not Cafe du Monde. Rather than the quarter you get beautiful City Park, and the coffee isn't bad. 
I know I'll visit again.Having time to kill before the Museum opened I went for a walk and came across this place. Thoroughly enjoyed myself here having good beignets and coffee. It's unique and the wait staff were prompt and courteous.Great location and great beignets. The frozen cafe au lait was also great.Great spot really bad service. Busses pulling up. No one even noticing you. No way to go to a widow to get anything to go. The staff is told not to help you unless you have a table even when there are no tables.
For a company around this long and in the middle of a busy park they should be able to figure this out.
Cafe Du Monde is busier but handles it better. I think this old New Orleans institution needs to buck up and show visitors a better side of our city and not send them back to the hotel to use their in room Keurig for their morning coffee.This was a great find.  Its off the beat and path of the more famous beignet place.  These were absolutely delicious.  They were light and fluffy the coffee was great and the atmosphere was truly relaxing.  My girlfriend and I enjoyed sitting out on the patio enjoying the scenery of the park.  We would definitely come here again.  Only gave four stars because it took wayyy too long for anyone to come and take our order.We loved this place! Great location, beignets and coffee. I absolutely love this place - cannot recommend this enough.During my 5 day vacation in NOLA I came 3 days for brunch. Love the beignets and definitely are better than cafe du monde and there is no ridiculous waiting line. It's near the sculpture park, the museum and city park, so location is great (I was staying near city park, so maybe I am biased). Try the crawfish étouffée as it is one of the best in town.I bring the kids here about twice a month. We get there before 9am. That's when the tour buses show up. The wait staff is hit and miss. Some are great and we ask for them by name, others look like they slept under a bridge the night before. 
The beignets are great however overpriced. Not 15 years ago they were under $1 for an order of 3. How about a price for the locals?Overall impression:
Best kept secret of NOLA. I advise coming here for beignets rather than cafe du monde, honestly. 
Beignets(3): $2.42 (including tax)
Positives:
-great service
-cheaper than expected
-delicious beignets (better than cafe du monde)
-no line
-great scenery and ambience
-free parking
Negatives:
-nothing
Ambience:
Beautiful. They have outside seating and indoor and both have the same sort of feel as cafe du monde. Except here, there are ducks and you can sit right next to the water. Also, parking is free and plentiful, there aren't crazy lines, and you actually have room to walk and move around.
Food:
I just had the beignets but both my wife and I decided that these were crispier and fluffier than cafe du monde.
Service:
Superb. As soon as we went in, a nice gentleman in a white uniform and hat came up to us and asked if he could help us. We ordered and got our beignets immediately! Oh yeah, and they gave me 4 for the price of 3, for some reason.
Value:
The beignets are actually cheaper than cafe du monde. And everything else is actually reasonably priced.I didn't realize the beignet is such an overrated dessert until I tried it here today and found out that it was almost a type of breakfast pastry I could easily got in my hometown which I didn't like. So I'll cross out another try. Their hot chocolate is okay for its price, but I do not like their plastic cups. In general this place is lovely and the waitress are kind.Adorable old timey place with cheap beignets and friendly service. A great stop near the park.Fantastic!!!! Location is out of the touristy part but definitely worth the "trip". I would pick morning call over cafe de monde any day. Beignets are much lighter and less doughy.A beautiful location for Cafe au Lait and beignets! Tons of seating in a charming indoor area and even more seating on a great covered patio with a view of City Park. There was no line (unlike Cafe du Monde) and plenty of seating. Service was efficient and friendly and the coffee and beignets delicious. You can add your own powdered sugar to the beignets which is a nice touch as well. As a family of 3, we left with a check from breakfast that cost less than 2 black coffees at Starbucks! Tons of free parking and located right next to the art museum. Definitely recommend!Liked Morning Call more than Cafe du Monde cause the beignets were lighter and you have the option to put as much or as little powdered sugar as you want on them. 
The lines are usually not as long and the experience in City Park is just a little more peaceful than the French Quarter. 
To see photos of what we ordered and where to get some other great beignets, visit our site:
http://eatsporkjew.com/recipes/baking-2/best-beignets-in-new-orleans/We took the VIP city tour (which was excellent) and stopped here for a morning snack. Film crews were set up around the park to film an episode of NCIS! Found out it is the sister restaurant to Cafe du monde so we were able to experience the beignets and cafe au laits without the crazy long wait we would have had at Cafe du Monde. Recommend the frozen cafe au laits! Service was great! Everyone was very friendly! They also had a local jazz duo playing while we are that we would have payed money to see! Highly recommend you add this to your list of places to visit!Stopped here on a tour and was very surprised to find the beignets were much better than cafe Du Monde! Beautiful setting in the park.The sights, the sounds, and the food. 
It is everything you would expect and everything you would need when you are in city park. The beignets are always good. I am not a fan of having to put the powdered sugar on them myself, but tis a small thing to consider. The cafe' au lait though is where it is at! No need to put too much sugar in your coffee, it is just fine as it is.
You can do some sight seeing or listen to some quirky people playing their instruments. Whichever, if you do not know by now, this city is laid back and just enjoying life as it is. 
Whether you just got done with a good run, seen all the sights to see at NOMA, fed the ducks, or just want to enjoy a nice cup of coffee outside, you can not beat Morning Call.We made a quick stop here and we had to try the alligator sausage and beignets. I enjoyed both. The alligator sausage had great flavor.  Quick service.  Load, busy place.  Waiter wasn't very personable. I would recommend trying it though.While the beignets are ok they are not as good as Cafe DuMonde. The Metairie location which is now closed was a nasty filthy place. The location in City Park is the same. Not very clean and personnel are quite up to par.Morning Call is a great place to order fresh beignets while strolling this massive, gorgeous park or sitting on the porch taking in the sun.  Their beignets are softer and more pillow-like in texture than Cafe Du Monde, and just as generous with their powdered sugar.  If you order table side service, you are able to powder them as much as you want.  If you order to go, they give you the beignets in a paper bag filled with powdered sugar, so when you're ready, just shake shake shake! 
ONLY by my preference do I like a bit more crunch to my beignets, but quality and texture, as well as how quickly the line moves in comparison, this place is A-OK!Drunk or otherwise nocturnally active and in want of delicious pillows of fried goodness? No worries head over to City Park and hit up the 24 hour Morning Call stand is at your service. The beignets are not quite as good as Cafe beignet but you can get out of the quarter and go walk the beautiful sculpture garden and enjoy the fresh air. The beignets are thinner than at cafe beignet but delicious non the less.I'm only giving this place a two because I'm from California and never had a beignet before. That being said I tried cafe du monde last night so this place quite literally left a "bitter" if not greasy taste in my mouth. Our server was extremely rude. I ordered the beignet and not a heart beat went by before she rudely corrected me, then walked away without another word. These beignets were flat, not puffy like CDM (cafe du monde). These were also a lot drier and not as moist in the middle. Last but not least the amount of powdered sugar was next to nonexistent. Don't waste your money (even if you're on a tour). Even the coffee was way subpar. I won't even waste my time with a pictureWe recently discovered this fantastic place! Great beignets and cafe au lait but the atmosphere was the best. Wide veranda under Spanish Moss draped Live Oaks. Live music by Sally Sassafras was a hoot!!
Great children's playground right next door.It's a nice coffee spot in City Park. If you want to be away from the crowded Cafe du Monde and hang out in a park with nature view then this would be the place to go. I prefer the cafe au lait at Cafe Du Monde. The beignets here are slightly better.
The biggest problem about this place is the service. We were seated outside for about 10 minutes, no one came to us so we walked inside to call for someone. We waited for another 10-15 mins, still no one. So I just went ahead and ordered inside. 
It wasn't packed and we shouldn't have to wait this long for just coffee and beignets!cafe au lait and beignets were awesome. the gumbo was also really good. the etouffe is ok. everything was quick and easy. the only bad thing was the fact they dont take credit card.Came here around 11:26pm on March 17 for a late night dessert craving. Not many people in the establishment which gave us the advantage for prompt service. The waitress was super friendly and nice and quick with our order. When the coffee and famous beignet came out, it was pure bliss. Coffee was just right as far as taste and the beignet was hot, a little crunchy but perfectly made. The extreme amount of powder sugar I dumped on my beignet sent my taste buds through the roof. 
Best time ever.Not a fan. I'm one of those people who raises their nose unnecessarily at places for being too "touristy" and this  is one of those cases.
Unless you happen to be in the park, this is not a convenient location to anything. Well, it is convenient to the art museum, but go to that first unless you want to be tracking your powdered sugar and sweat all through the museum. It is New Orleans, so they can handle the sweat at least.
The food is a limited menu, which is fine, covering the cajun/creole basics. They don't do them with any particular skill or notability though. So that is three stars at best.
If you really want beignets, why not go to Cafe Du Monde like everyone else? I saw one review mentioned that the powdered sugar on table is a plus, but really, no, not at all. The powdered sugar sitting out in the humid atmosphere (keep in mind, this city is a bayou) means it does not stay powdered. Doing it yourself is a lot more messy than you may imagine from the comfort of your air conditioned home, and thus, results in a lot more powdered sugar (no longer powdered, mind) on your clothes than you might have initially wished for.Rip off artist alert! The beignets are okay but the place runs pretty shoddy. All cash, no change, no receipts. And they also expect tips. 
Cafe du monde is superior by far.We've been to both Cafe du Monde and Morning Call. 
I like the Cafe Au Lait a little better at Cafe du Monde but the beignets are better at Morning Star.... Added bonus you get to sugar them yourself!
Other perks include happier servers and quicker service and no waiting in line!! It's off the beaten path in City Park, which itself is worth checking out. 
Even though I enjoyed the Cafe au Lait a bit better at Cafe du Monde I'd still rate the Morning Call higher over all.If I could give negative stars, I would.  
Went to grab some coffee and beignets and was really looking forward to trying somewhere different. Took a lovely table in the patio section.  The older waiter said "I'll be with you" three times.  Progressively getting more rude. Then he proceeded to stop to take ever other newly seated tables order.  Continued to wait another 20 min and asked him one last time if we could please order. His response was "whatever" and walked away.  Never had such a rude customer service experience in my life. 
We promptly got up to leave.  I'll stick to my favorite Cafe Du Monde. Where the coffee and beignets are amazing and the service is friendly and warm.  
Beware of this place.  Not worth a second of your time.They don't take cash. Be advised. 
If you don't mind fighting to get to cafe du monde, you should go there instead. But if you prefer a less hurried dining experience, this place is just fine. It's also inside City Park, right by the sculpture garden, so it's about as calming as beignets and cafe au lait can be.Nice for going at night and studying...most people don't know that this place is open 24 hours....service is hit or miss.  Sometiems the service is excelltent.  Other times you're searching for a waiter for things.  Truly hit or miss...same with the beignets.  It will never be as good as Cafe Du Monde but it's a good substitute.Better and fresher than cafe du monde.  Instead of piling on the powdered sugar, they give you a shaker of sugar so you can control the amount that you want.  The coffee is good here.  The large cafe au lait comes in a styrofoam cup inside a porcelain mug, which looks pretty funny- definitely not environmentally friendly.  
We came here before exploring City Park, and it was a great way to start the day.  Great location across the street from the sculpture garden!Looking for a late night spot to get some good sized portions of New Orleans food?? This is a great spot. The food portions were sized well and was wonderfully tasty. The only thing was the beignets... they were a bit too hard than what I usually taste. The service was outstanding, smiling faces and big hearts. Nevertheless, this place is great for a quick bite!Frozen ??? Really ?? How hard is it to use fresh dough ?? My coffee cup smelled like dirty dish water. I also ordered crawfish bread it's more like a pizza with red gravy ??? I've never seen anything like it in my life ! The service was great, bless her heart. I wonder if she gets any tips with food that bad.  I just can't believe that city park is allowing them to operate business like that. It's a tourist trap, beware !! I've had better food and coffee in Houston, Tx !! If you ever been to Texas you know what I mean, yes it's that bad.Wonderful outside seating in the park.  Close to the jazz fest venue!  Excellent red beans and rice and crawfish etouffe!Beignets, cafe au lait, spinach and artichoke bread and open 24 hours. What more could you ask for. We actually happened upon it twice today and didn't even plan it that way. Clean restrooms and friendly staff.The menu is nearly the same as Cafe Du Mande and it's just as good without the long touristy wait. It's open 24/7 and a fantastic New Orleans staple.I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Stayed in Nola for 5 days and we came back to this stand several times for the beignets. They have take out and sit down service, I'd recommend sitting outside if it's nice out, or taking it to go and walking through City Park! Do not sleep on this place, it's incredible. The beignets are fresh, warm, and the perfect texture. I ate so many of these I don't even want to know the quantity.On Saturday, September 17th, my 13 year old daughter and I started our morning pretty early. I was scheduled to meet with a client and she had homework to complete in preparation for a tutoring session right after. We headed over to Morning Call in City Park, as we often do because the hours are great, the people are nice, and the coffee is good. As I met with my client, my daughter sat at a table finishing up her lesson over a bottle of milk. When my meeting was over at 9:46 a.m. , I went inside to grab my daughter, so we could rush over to her tutoring session. She wasn't there. I started to panic , as most mothers would looking all over, as maybe I had the wrong table. I still didn't see her. I went to the outside tables, next to the park area, and while all of the tables were filled, still no her. I was terrified!!! A couple minutes later, she spotted me and walked over from the park bench. Flustered, I asked her why she left her table, inside. She said the manager asked her to leave!  I asked her what happened and she said she had to leave because a larger group came in and they needed her table. I have never, as a paying customer, been asked to leave my seat for another table. I went over to express my discontent to Paul, the manager. He stated that he needed the table and didn't know how long she had been sitting there. He said it is not a library, and she cannot just hangout. As we had arrived at 9:15, I would not consider sitting at a table for 30 minutes, after making a purchase hanging out. Her bottle of milk was still mostly full, if that is to be the indication of when a customer is to leave. I expressed to Paul that I didn't think it was good practice to do this again to someone else.As he continued looking down at his notepad, never even making eye-contact with me he said he couldn't promise he wouldn't do it again. With much disappointment, this experience does not make me want to visit one of my favorite places, if this is how we will be treated.Self touted as New Orleans' "most famous coffee drinking place", Morning Call has been serving café au lait and beignets to New Orleanians and visitors alike since 1870.  So trust me when I say that they know what they're doing.  
For all you non New Orleanians who never heard of café au lait or beignets (blasphemy), here's the quick and dirty version.  Café au lait is simply a rich chicory coffee brewed in the "French drip" method.  But what sets it apart is that it is mixed nearly 50/50 with whole milk that is served just below boiling.  Trust me (again) when I say that it's something special.  Beignets are a hand cut puffed donut, similar to a fritter (no holes) that are fried and served hot.  They are meant to be topped with powdered sugar, and the more the better. 
The original location on Decatur Street in the French Quarter moved to Metairie, LA back in the 1970's.  However, it's the City Park Casino location that I prefer for a few reasons.  The "Casino" building in which it is located is as old as I remember and is part of New Orleans' history.  I also like the City Park location better as you can sit outside and enjoy the park's views while you enjoy your café au lait and beignets. Even though this location gets a lot of tourist activity, especially in the form of tour busses, it's still my go to spot.  And it's open 24/7 every day of the year except for Christmas day.
I have never ordered anything off the menu except for café au lait and beignets; and chocolate milk for my kid.  And speaking of kids, this place is totally kid friendly.  As a bonus, there's a playground next door and an entire park for your kids to run around.
Next time you want café au lait and beignets and don't want to fight the French Quarter traffic or don't want the hustle and bustle of Metairie, LA, try Morning Call in City Park.When the beignets come out hot, they are the best in New Orleans.  And the crawfish etouffee is the best item on the menu.  And you're in city park so the view and people watching is fantastic.  If you are visiting New Orleans, you need to check out Morning Call.We stopped here for lunch while enjoying walking around the park. We got the crawfish etoufee and mini muffulettas. Both items were tasty and pretty fairly priced. Service was prompt and friendly. They only accept cash as payment, but there's an ATM inside. The server offered the full amount of change back and we told him what to keep for a tip. All in all, we were pleasantly surprised with the food here.- Gator sausage is actually pretty good here.
- Easy, free parking, no lines, in and out in minutes
- very good cafe au lait (better than cafe du monde)
- beignets are okay (cafe du monde is better)A friend of mine suggested this place since he grew up in the area. He must have known me well because this was by far the greatest thing I've ever tasted. He also let me know that Morning Call was the "original" Cafe du Monde, but they actually split up into two locations: Morning Call and Cafe du Monde. I went to the other place. It was awful.
The beignets were perfect. Perfectly fried, perfectly light, and perfectly paired with a cafe au lait. It wasn't heavy or thick at all, and I think that's what a beignet was supposed to be. I ended up getting an iced cafe au lait about an hour after, but it wasn't as great as I had hoped. I actually got a stomachache from it, but the experience of Morning Call and their beignets was excellent. The server was also very nice and showed us what a praline was and how it looked. He even let us try a little.
Great experience sitting outside, great scenery, and impeccable service. I can't wait for my next beignet at this place!Beignets beignets beignets & coffee. It's simple & sweet. I like adding my own powdered sugar and they are lighter than café du monde.Tried it on a lark; loved the beignets. Came back a second time to share with traveling companion. Better than Café du Monde, to which I was previously religiously faithful.The beignets here were delicious, and the staff incredibly sweet. Friends of mine told me before I visited that I HAD to go to Cafe du Monde, but with a fraction of the hassle/crowd and a much calmer environment (right in City Park) I'm quite pleased with the result.We came here around 1:30/2 am the other night, and decided to eat outside. It took a little while for the server to come out and greet us, but she was very sweet. There weren't any other people there when we first arrived, but a few groups came through later on. We got three orders of their beignets and some coffee. The waitress put cream in our coffee before she brought it to the table, but we didn't ask her to, we wanted it black. We drank it any way though and it was fine. The second round we asked her to keep it black,  which she did.  The beignets came unpowdered which i liked, and we had powdered sugar at the tableso we could make our beignets a winter wonderland.  Event was very affordable.Best beignets in town! I like these way better than cafe du monde! Soooo good not as doughy!!My daughter and I visited this past weekend while out doing our weekend running around. City Park was pretty busy but we were quickly able to find parking. We found a table at Morning Call and were promptly greeted. I ordered crawfish bread and my daughter ordered red beans and rice. Both were pretty tasty. We then ordered beignets and soft serve ice cream which was wonderful since it was a warm day. We sat outside and people watched for about 45 minutes while we ate. 
I visited this location and few weeks ago with a friend and noticed Mango Freeze was on the menu. I had a Mango Freeze twice last year at Jazz Fest and enjoyed it so much I was patiently waiting for this year's Jazz Fest. I was delighted to discover that I no longer had to wait for Jazz Fest to get a delicious Mango Freeze. I could get one here anytime for less!!! 
The service here is super friendly and efficient. The food is tasty and affordable. We got all that plus a coke for just over $20. Since this location is open 24 hours per day, I will certainly be back. Maybe in the wee hours of the morning one night when I'm having insomnia.These beignets were incredible!  I would've given 5 stars if they put the powdered sugar on in the kitchen - we had to do it ourselves at the table and it took forever to shake on.  The coffee also wasn't as good as Cafe du Monde's, but you didn't have the madness to deal with.  Plenty of seating and in such a great location.
Crawfish pie......just eh.  Wouldn't get it again.
They only take cash.Lovely joint. Live saxophone player. Fresh and HOT from the fryer beignets. Happy and helpful staff. CASH ONLY. (Much better than Cafe du Monde!) I only want these beignets. Total cost for three orders, a frozen AND a large cafe au lait: $18.30. It's a steal compared to its competitors and in a great location by NOMA.Rude employees and slow service. I just wanted beignets to go. They couldn't seem to make that happen. Don't know why I even stopped in.BEIGNETS ARE DELICIOUS - I went to cafe du monde and cafe beignets, but this place absolutely beats the other two in how good they are. Sooooo worth it. We were on a tour and only had 20 mins to get whatever-- we got a couple cheap hot dogs which were just that- cheap hot dogs ($3 each), the cokes are in the bottle which is always cool. They were super quick with great prices and we were walking on air with those beignets!This is actually a lot nicer and more convenient spot than either Cafe du Monde or Morning Call's other horrible location in a strip mall.  This location is aesthetically pleasing both inside and out with the panoramic awesomeness of City Park all around you.  They also serve their beignets  without powdered sugar so you add your personally desired amount.  Kicking it up an even higher notch than Cafe du Monde is they also have real food and other desserts in addition to just coffee and beignets.  
You might not get the same level of people watching weirdness here as you do in the French Quarter but you do get a much better selection, convenient parking and AIR CONDITIONING inside or you can choose to sit outside on nicer days.  The other awesomeness about this location is that it is 24 hours so a very needed spot in this area of the city.  I'm not really much of a coffee and beignets person but I like this place!
One big minus is that its CASH ONLY!  Redeeming quality is that most things are so cheap it won't cost much cash.The beignets are pretty flavorless and rely on powder sugar for taste, don't have enough stand alone flavor without it. They come cheap but for me I rather get them elsewhere. They have other dishes I didn't try, other than that it's a nice place to have in a park.One star for being open 24 hours a day in a great location, and one star for being so cheap ($2.18 for one order of beignets).  Other than that, you're better off skipping this location.  
We showed up around 11:30 PM after a work Christmas party.  They were moderately busy because Celebration in the Oaks is going on now, but had several empty tables.  We sat and waited for a server..and waited.....and waited....Finally the only server we saw stopped clearing a table next to us and we asked if we could order from him.  He said, "Oh, yeah let me get a server for you," and then disappeared inside.  Five minutes later, he emerged from the building and immediately went to help a large group that had just walked up gather chairs so they could all sit down.  Then he started taking their order!  
At that point we were too annoyed to waste any more time and grabbed one order of beignets to go.  The beignets were warm and fresh, but half smashed and didn't have enough powdered sugar on them so they weren't very sweet or light--the whole point of beignets.  I guess we'll wait and try it again when Celebration in the Oaks isn't going on...My little neighborhood duck off for beignets. Beats the hassle of Cafe du Monde and you have the added bonus of enjoying a seat or stroll in City Park. They have amazing cafe au lait, low cost beer, decent jambalaya and they are open 24 hours! No need to worry about safety either. There is always a quick response by police, so there must be a police post within the park. I used to come here to study and hook up to the WiFi.
If you have never accidentally snorted powder sugar while eating beignet, you have yet to live.Cafe au lait is yum but beignets were just okay. If you only have space in your belly for one serving of beignets, go to cafe du monde for sure! Beignets are served with sugar on the side -- while preferable for some, I just found it way too messy and not as pleasurable. Still, a nice place to chill if you're near City Park...I freaking love New Orleans. This place is everything. An incredible setting on City Park that is serene and oh so Southern, with perfect beignets and to die for chicory cafe au laits. This is a slice of divinity near the bustle of the city. Do yourself a favor and skip Du Monde... this is the real deal. 
They also are happy to do to-go if you smile sweetly and they aren't that busy, but do yourself a favor and relax under the shade and unwind in the presence of the old oak trees and the warm breeze. This is a peace that is Southern through and through!I see why this place has such a mediocre rating. The coffee was piping hot but the donuts were ice cold. As quick as it takes to fry a donut, on a slow night they should be able to cook them to order. The one thing I do like is that they are open 24 hours with wifi so I can get some late night work done with little distractions.I started my Sunday morning here, after the Uber drive recommended  I try this place instead of battling for a spot in the French Quarters. The Cafe Au lait and Beignets were superb. My friend and I were able to grab a seat quickly, order was brought out piping hot..the rest is history. There was live music playing not to loud so we were able to chit chat and people watch.  The Sculpture Garden Is a few steps away, perfect chance to walk some of that powdered sugar off..lol. I like the location because it was close to the streetcar which was something I wanted to ride while being in NOLA.I visited New Orleans mid-March 2015 and had my only beignet experience here. The atmosphere was a little hectic, but finding a seat wasn't a problem. The staff was friendly, and the beignets were tasty. I ate here before exploring City Park, then again on the day I was leaving. Definitely recommend!Yummy yummy and best of all OPEN 24/7----midCity livin,,,,,,,,, visors..check it out. In the early morning hours, my fav time, the service(staff) is a......bit lethargic & confused ! But the food takes first placeThis place does not seem to know customer service at all. We sat down and waited for a server to come by. They were a little busy, so we didn't mind waiting for a little. We tried waving down the servers walking by us but they just ignored us. The group next to us, who came about 10 minutes after us, were helped immediately. The 2 tables on the other side of us waved for a server but were also ignored. You have THREE tables waving for a server and still choose to walk by without helping, what kind of customer service is that? At least acknowledge us by saying "we'll be right with you". But no, we were basically invisible to them. Didn't even get to try their beignet. We just got up and left. Was not going to give this establishment my money for horrible service. Actually there was no service provided at all. If I could give zero stars I would. So don't sit near the walls. You literally have to sit right next to the cashier to be able to receive any acknowledgement or walk up to them to tell them you want to order...which kills the point of "your server will come to you". Wasted 30 minutes sitting there and being ignored. Unbelievable...the workers looked like the hated their job and didn't look happy at all. If you hate your job, then that's your problem. No need to treat your customers rudely. I wanted to like this place but the service here is just absolute CRAP.Quirky little place that has beignets.. 3 for $2!!! Air conditioning relief on a hot day !!Loved the beignets here - they're served without sugar so you can add as much as you want. We sat outside but under the overhang, which was perfect for the temperature that day, but the inside is charming! 
Our service was fine, and we enjoyed our visit!Stop in often by myself with family and friends. Sometimes just to sit after enjoying City Park. Cold drinks, hot coffe, fun place to sit a while.Really cute venue with great beignets. These tend to be flakier than the ones at Cafe Du Monde. I tried both and was unable to pick a favorite. Can't comment on the coffee as I don't partake.A decent eat for the park with and my first beignet in town.
The venue... located in city park (and pretty much your only option there) makes it a must try if you're there. The building has a lot of personality, but I found that the tables weren't very clean and the service to be inconsistent. Probably better to grab and go then to stay and relax there.
The food... I enjoyed my beignet, though in retrospect, I think they needed a lot more powdered sugar than other places I went. Decent enough though!
Overall... if you're in the park, why not... but I wouldn't make a trip out here just to try them.This is my favorite Beignet place in town. Much better than Cafe Du Monde's beignets. And you can't beat the location in City Park. Sit outside, relax, and order their cafe au lait and beignets. They also have food items if you are hungry. I recommend the alligator sausage and crawfish étouffée.Cash only, lackluster staff and cold, chewy, flat and stale beignets. The service was slow and the older woman who served us was not personable at all. She water was room temp with no ice. I have never in my life eaten a beignets I didn't enjoy, until today. Won't be back.Best place for coffee and donuts. Family always went to the metarie location but now love this location in the park. It is the best spot they could have found! Love the building... Its a beautifully redone old building with fun architecture and they recreated the old Morning Call sign for the center.J'avoue ne pas bien comprendre l'engouement pour ce lieu! Le cadre n'est pas désagréable, mais le service n'a vraiment pas été particulièrement sympathique en ce qui me concerne, et les beignets ne sont pas mauvais, mais rien d'exceptionnel!!! Bref, je ne recommanderai pas ce lieu!Took my puppy to get a good walk in and decided to start with a coffee. So glad I did!
I got the Irish Coffee, which was the perfect foil for the cold, gray day. However, it's the Beignets  I going to rave about here.
I'm a visitor to NOLA and following custom and advice, I waited for 50 minutes to have coffee and Beignets  at Du Monde. I found the coffee average and the Beignets  tough and unappealing. I honestly thought they just weren't my thing. Wrong!!
The ones I had today we're light and delicate. They melted in my mouth and I was hard pressed not to gobble down another order or two. I definitely understand what the fuss is about now!!
The coffee was also sublime. Very fresh and smooth.
I can't recommend them highly enough.Just okay. Good spot to stop when you're enjoying City Park. My boys liked the alligator sausage and beignets. I had the crawfish etouffe. Prices are very reasonable.Food was ok, not fabulous.  Service was chaotic, but friendly and helpful.  Wouldn't come to it just for food, but a nice stop while in the park and after a walk and bike ride.Really cute coffee shop.  I would recommend this over cafe du monde.  The beignets are the best and the coffee is good too.
It's not crammed like cafe du monde....so you feel more comfortableI wouldnt understand why people would wait in huge lines at Cafe du Monde, when much better Beignets are server in this intimate cafe inside the park. 
on our visit to NOLA we tried all the three beignet shops, cafe du monde, morning call and Cafe beignet. Morning call wins hands down !
Great service, not a very long waiting line ( probably its a little away from the main area) and great food!Only takes cash. Annoying, but there was an ATM right across from the ordering counter.
The menu suggested I could order an Irish coffee. I tried, but the teenager behind the counter told me that they didn't have a liquor license. So I went for a cafe au lait, which was pretty decent.
Very cute inside, great location, and open 24 hours. It wouldn't be my first stop for beignets, but I'd not avoid it if I was at the botanical garden or in the area.We arrived at Morning call last night 12-21-14 at 9:10 pm.  
We waited in the cold outside table (which faced the line to order inside) for several minutes to even get our table cleaned by a nice lady named Tracy.  Every table was full and I only saw 2 people taking orders an older guy and an older blonde with her hair in a ponytail.  I asked the older blonde lady with her hair in a ponytail 3 times to take our order please and she just ignored us and went to the larger tables first and tables that arrived after we did.  She simply blew us off.  
Either she thought that we were not a large enough party or we were profiled for having a foreigner at our table and I felt that may be why we were not served.  
After 25 minutes or so of being there I finally asked a nice bust boy with tattoos for waters and help getting our order placed. He asked the older guy outside to take our order he refused, he than said he would go inside and get someone too get our 5 orders of beignets for us but wouldn't get the frozen coffee my friend requested. 
At 10:00 ( 50 MINUTES AFTER WE ARRIVED ) we finally left after not getting served.  This was my first time at this location and my last time at this location.  The table next to us said they had to go inside to get their order placed and were fussed at by the people taking orders inside for asking to take their orders outside.  This is ridiculous.  
You need to train your staff better and get training from the Metairie location those people know how to run a business.  I will return to Metairie but NEVER NEVER again to the New Orleans Location.  
It's cold, people are at Christmas in the Oaks and you are running at 1/2 the staff you should be at - what are you thinking?Terrible food. It was a rest stop on our tour and I ordered a spinach artichoke bread. Microwaved, nasty and old. Order a coke and a water & use the restroom facilities. Save your calories for elsewhere.While on a tour of the city we stopped at Morning Call to grab a snack as well as use the bathrooms. When we arrived the restaurant was packed and we were a bit thrown off since it was the first time we came here. We eventually figured out that we needed to sit for service and before we knew it the staff was at our table and we quickly got our food.
We ended up buying a cafe au lait as well as some of their mini Muffulettas. The cafe was delicious and the Muffulettas were delicious. In the end we enjoyed snacking here before getting in the bus and we would make this a regular spot.so much better than Cafe Du Monde. The beignets were so much yummier! The cafe au lait was good. the JAMBALAYA was DELICIOUS! so unexpected. I was hesitant about trying this place but a local on the trolley told us to try this place when we went to the museum. definitely try this place!if you come here, expect a woman who plays the accordion to be outside.  playing the accordion.  the music is good and very loud.  it was raining hard and i could still hear her very clearly over the rain.  lots of electrical outlets, very easy to charge my phone.Went here to see if Cafe du Monde truly has the best beignets. Morning call was in the Fodor's guidebook so we decided to check it out. There was absolutely no one there though and I quickly (or not so quickly) figured out why. We went in and ordered a couple cafe au laits and beignets, then sat out on the patio to wait for our food since they said they would bring it out. About 45 minutes later I decided to hunt down our waiter to see where our food was. Turns out he completely forgot about us even though he didn't have any other customers.... That wasn't the worst part though. This place is in the middle of a pretty park so you would think it would be relaxing to sit in a park with a cafe au lait and beignet, but Morning Call hired a crazy homeless looking lady to slam on the electric keyboard while yelling her own songs. I had to confirm with the waiter that they actually hired her and indeed they did. Cafe au lait was okay but I'd stick with Cafe du Monde. Such a shame because this was such a cute place.The best beignets in New Orleans!! I love the beautiful park setting and the fast service. I can't wait to go back!!This is sort of a Cafe du Monde idea, but obviously doesn't meet the same standard. They have decent cafe au lait and okay beignets, but the whole place comes off a little touristy. If you're in City Park the place is worth a visit.This is the priciest coffee I have EVER purchased and I'm a Starbucks regular. It's the size of an espresso and cost $2.50 FOR A REGULAR COFFEE! Worst coffee purchase ever and it was loaded with tour buses and tourists.Great local place, always a good time and good good and New Orleans chicory coffee!! The city park location is the best!Short & sweet review - I mean, I guess I could ramble on at any length about the beignets, but there isn't much to say. I didn't think I would have the opportunity to try Morning Call's beignets since we were staying in French Quarter but we happened to stumble on it after enjoying a picnic lunch in City Park and I KNEW I had to try them, after reading online reviews/verdicts, particularly from locals. 
My personal opinion?  Morning Call over CDM ANY. DAY. OF. THE. WEEK. 
Granted I ate Cafe Du Monde's beignets when I wasn't in the, er, clearest state of mind, but I still distinctly remember the beignets at Morning Call being something of a revelation - perfectly crisp on the outside, light and fluffy on the inside, and absolutely lovely paired with their sweet, creamy cafe au lait.  CDM's beignets were a bit denser and more donut-like so I guess it comes down to personal preference but I'm convinced that if Morning Call were in a more central location, it would have CDM beat by a mile for popularity and for being considered the "go-to" place for beignets and cafe au laits.  
(Was puzzled by the bad reviews but guess it all comes down to service.  You really aren't in there for too long, especially if you're taking them to-go, so hope that doesn't deter anyone from giving Morning Call a try!)Cash only but totally worth the trip. My fave was the mini muffuletta. Beignets were better than Cafe Du Monde. Make time to spend in the park. There's so much to do!Friendly service, cold a/c, ample parking, in city park, 24 hours and super tasty beignets! 
They do take cash but they don't take *cards*. There is an ATM on site though.
Skip the crawfish pie and most of the other non beignet food selections. The gumbo is OK. The coffee is a bit stronger than Cafe Du Mondes, I like my coffee that way though.
Once in awhile they have live music and that's pretty awesome.Great Benigets. Liked them better than Cafe Du Monde. Also loved the Cafe Au Lait. Very flavorful. Not sure about the service since we took to go.Was really good, quick service.  Came with a local and was told this is where the locals comeReally great beignets! Comparable to what I've had at Cafe Du Monde. They come fresh to the table. Self-service on the powdered sugar though. Some that I were with liked that/some didn't. Was here as part of a tour--it was HOT outside; that could have influenced my experience. Limited menu, but looks good. Coffee au lait was excellent as well. Seating can be limited if they're busy, but it wasn't busy when we were there. Location in City Park is great.The Bottom Line: Sitting in the park with coffee and beignets as the morning begins is a great way to start your day. Start it here!
Try:
Beignets!
Pro:
The beignets (which is what you came for) are fluffy and sweet, the coffee hot, dark, and strong (just like you like 'em!). The setting really makes it, with the park verdant and spread out in front of you. The staff are all dressed like they are in the 1950s. It's cute! They are friendly, too. 
Con:
The service can be on the slower side, but quite a few of them seem to be on it. While our waiter took a while, catching the attention of their coworkers yielded fast results.Their beignets are da bomb!  Didn't have anything else so can't speak to the other food or coffee.We stopped off here as a part of the Metairie cemetery tour. It was a nice stop since the tour was mostly in a tour bus. We got to disembark for about an hour to grab some food, use the bathroom, and take some pictures at the park that the coffee stand was situated in. 
It was already packed with people and everyone seemed to be relaxed and just having a good time. I got to try a muffaletta. I'm sure there are better ones, but this was the one I got to try and paired it with an iced coffee. It was pretty good!  It was a nice portion...it was like a slider size. It came with 3. I split it amongst my friends. 
The park was nice. It's well manicured with a bridge over a small creek. That day, a couple was out there taking their wedding picutres. It's a perfect setting for that!  The trees are gorgeous with the spanish moss hanging off the tree branches. 
I recommend coming here and taking the cemetery tour!I love coming to morning call. The beignets are fresh. Also great location with a lot of oak trees in the park.Friday night at 8pm - Beignets were not warm or fresh as they were at cafe du monde yesterday. Somewhat disappointed.Loved the beignets, but wish they put the powdered sugar on for you! Ours ended up everywhere and all over us. Great breakfast though and nice setting.You come here for beignets, period. It's also a popular stop with tour buses and people enjoying the park so it gets crazy busy. The employees are overworked and the bathrooms are dirty and smelly. Back to the beignets, they're pretty good. But I like mine hot and already smothered in powdered sugar. They put shakers of powdered sugar on the tables and let you add your own, which means your beignets are lukewarm by the time they're sufficiently covered. Brave the crowds at Cafe Dumond instead for a better beignet.The Ghost Tour I was on made a stop here. Boy was I glad they did!! I couldn't get to Cafe Du Mode for their beignets but honestly this place made it all so special.. Here's what I learned! 
1) They stay open 24/7
2) They have the locals eat and work here 
3) Their recipes all been pass down
4) beignet dough are made fresh every 3 hrs
5) The type of kettles that they use to make your Hickory coffee dated back to 1870s! 
Now how can you beat that! Staffs are ohhh sooo friendly. Place are kept clean except powder sugar are everywhere including on you when you would eat one. Their coffee is perfect.. Food come out fast especially when they know you're on a tour.. Since we're on a 30mins break!Hey, not just beignets. We had muffalottas and jambalaya. Kids had hot dogs. Quick service and hey, you're at City Park. Be smart, go thereEating at Morning Call is always a pleasure. The beignets are fluffy, thick in texture with crispy, crunchy edges. Love LOTS of powder sugar? Dump on as much as you want! The scenery is perfect, considering it's located in a park full of oak trees. The service is on point, with nothing being forgotten. Also, try the hot chocolate. It's creamy and goes perfectly with a warm beignet.If you ever want to know what it feels like to be bamboozled, they'll serve you up some half filled cups of coffee and forget how to give exact change.So this place would've gotten more stars if not for the absolutely abysmal service. The guy who took my order was EXTREMELY rude.  Never once had any manners, told me to go "stand over there", no thank yous, no have a nice days, just "Go, here's your food."  They do not take credit/debit cards, and their ATM was broken so I had only a few dollars to use.  I really wanted to try the Gator Sausage but didn't have enough money.  I ended up with the icecream, which was by far some of the best icecream I've ever had and superbly priced!This is my favorite place for beignets.  They are light, powder sugar topped fluffy pillows.  They melt in your mouth and don't leave you feeling like you swallowed a rock.  Much preferred over Cafe du Monde or Cafe Beignet.  Cafe au Lait (iced or hot) is an excellent companion to the beignets. Definitely worth the trip out of the French Quarter.  Parking is free and the New Orleans Museum of Art is just across the way.I will admit the jambalaya was good, but the service was horrible and it almost seemed like they wouldn't  serve me because of who I was. I was dressed nice spoke well, but I was black. We sat for almost 30 minutes before getting served and there were people sitting on both sides of us who sat for 5 minute and got served and every waiter kept passing us up as they served people on the sides of us and behind us acting like they can't see us. Then we when finally got served the waiter wouldn't even look me in the eye and gave me a dirty look. I was highly upset and almost didn't want to even order anything. The food might have been good but I would not give this place my money ever again. All I ask is for them to treat everyone the same And try not to make so obivious that you refuse to serve me.Before visiting NOLA, almost everyone I talked to said that I should eat beignets at Cafe Du Monde. On my first night in the city we had some for dessert and I was not impressed. The beignets at Morning Call were fluffy with a nice crispy outside. I'm not even a fan of deep fried desserts but this one was delicious! I also appreciated that there was no line and we could get ours to-go and enjoy it at the beautiful City Park with picturesque views!  If you order yours to dine in, you can add your own powdered sugar, which allows you to control how much/little you desire.Hands down the best place for Beignets and Cafe Au Lait.
Beignets are meticulously cut to shape and fried to a perfect crisp on the outside and pillowy puffy on the inside. Just like at the Metarie location, they let you decide on the amount of powdered sugar that you want on them by providing a sugar shaker on the window. 
Cafe Au Lait.......I love the juggling done by the servers wherein the walk up to your table with a pot of hot coffee on one hand and another pot of steamed milk on the other. It is a good show that aerates the drink perfectly. I can have them all day......but, this day was extremely hot and we all went for a frozen Cafe Au Lait to go. Oh boy!!!! What a treat! Frapuccino, eat your heart out!
If we are in the Crescent City again, I will always go out of my way to Morning Call. This is what beignets and cafe au lait is all about!We walked over here and saw two of the servers smoking at the dumpsters by the side of place. Of course, we get one of the servers smelling of cigarette smoke to take our order. 
Beignets are better than Cafe du Monde, more light and fluffy, and you can pour your own amount of powdered sugar. 
The coffee was horrible, I've had bad coffee before like burnt Folgers but it was like drinking tree bark. The server had warned us that it had chicory but it was not supposed to taste that awful. 
Cash only, server was aggressive of being paid after getting our beignets and coffee. I don't really like a place that has no receipt, just a guy yelling a $ amount before you even taste any food. Not sure why they don't just set up a cashier up front to take orders, so we can pay there and then sit down.If you love beignets, this is worth a stop on a NOLA vacation.  This is located in a park with a bunch of playgrounds so an excellent stop for you and the kiddos.  When the weather is warm, get some mango ice or a sunday.  Great service.Our server was nice and the beignets were great. However, my cafe au lait was not hot and neither was the hot chocolate we ordered. Tepid. The silverware didn't seem all that clean either. But! It's a nice stop in the park.This coffee stand is located in the city park and gets pretty busy when the tour buses arrive dropping off hungry tourists. We were on one of these buses and were given 20 minutes to order, eat and use the restroom. Once you get inside, it's chaos. Lots of tourists... 2-3 servers... nowhere to sit. There is a line to order food which went way out the back door. We stood in line (as we did a few years back on our first trip to NOLA) only to be told by one of the servers that it was table service. By this time we already lost 10 minutes waiting in line. Once we sat, we only had time to order the quickest item on the menu... coffee and beignets. It didn't take very long to get our order. We ate and drank and used the restroom and it was time to go back to the bus. I am certain this is an everyday scenario here. Maybe they can employ more servers?Always loved to go here or the original location for beignets, but on today's visit, their beignets are starting to become just like Cafe Du Monde, a bit on the doughy side.  What happened? Did they changed their recipe or who cooks them? Or did they changed the way they cook it? What changed? The texture was like refried beignets! Last time I was here was March 2018, today is May 2018, it was still really good then.  All in all, it's still just a little better than Cafe Du Monde, but really closer, no longer blowing them away.  I heard that the original Morning Call location closed.  I hope this location get their act back.  I always use to recommend Morning Call instead of Cafe Du Monde, now I  don't really think it's worth the trip for tourists to go out of their way away from the download location when Cafe Du Monde is right there.I finally made it in this morning for the beignets and they were hot and fresh out of the grease! As far as taste goes Idk let a little to be desired a little bland in my opinion but, not horrible. The most disappointing thing was my hot chocolate to go. Still tasted just as good as the first BUT when you order to go they less than half  fill your cup!!! Like seriously? Looks like when the urge hits me for beignets and hot chocolate I'm sticking with CDM.Better and faster than Café du Monde, but terrible customer service. Everything is so disorganized. They do not give you tickets or receipts. Be careful. They tried to overcharge us and not give us change.The "official state donut" of the State of Louisiana, the beignet (ben-yaa) has become synonymous with the stereotypical tourist stop in New Orleans at a joint in the French Quarter called "Cafe du Monde."  The pastries, developed by French bakers, use a type of dough that rises due to its own steam, rather than from yeast.  This type of baking is called "choux" pastries.
French settlers brought the tradition during their immigration to Eastern Canada, and their later forced migration to Louisiana.
The fried delicacies are generally sold in an order of three, accompanied by a shaker of powdered sugar and a steaming cup of cafe au lait or other local beverage.
While most visitors experience the pastry at the aforementioned stop, the sweet delights are widely available.  An alternate choice is an old-timey stand in Metarie, 'Morning Call", which is open 24/7 and is the local gathering place for die-hard denizens, particularly judges and lawyers.
Morning Call now has a location in City Park, easily accessible to tourists via the Carrolton street car which you can catch on Canal. City Park is one of the nation's most impressive green spaces, and is home to a number of diversions including the New Orleans Museum of Art.
At  the "casino", which isn't one, you'll find Morning Call, which you can enjoy your beignets and a few other local specialties in the splendor of the park.The food, the setting, the atmosphere are all perfect. Beignets and hot cocoa were delish. Price was great. No waiting and very friendly staff.This place is out of my way so would never be a regular joint, but a good call if you are in the Park. Coffee was good, if you like chicory coffee, although hotter than molten lava. Beignets also good. Nice outdoor courtyard and conveniently located next to the playground. The waiters were fast and very courteous.  There was a funky lady in her 70s with an electric keyboard singing her heart out to 70s disco hits. Only in Nola!Best coffee in town!!! The setting is beautiful and you don't have to fight with tourists to get your beignets! Go for a frozen cafe o lait! It's the bomb!My NOLA native wife and I were in town and had planned to have a "Battle of the Beignets" between Café du Monde and our first stop Morning Call. The weather would have made for a pleasant sit in their patio area. Since we had our dachshund with us, we had to eat elsewhere which actually wasn't bad considering we were in the very beautiful City Park.
Take-out customers get into a separate (and on this day, shorter) line. Staff members take and retrieve your order for you and happily accept tips. I requested two orders of the standard three beignets along with chocolate milk for each of us. My wife very much approved of her beignets. I did too although being an infrequent indulger, I managed to make a thorough mess of myself. My wife, the professional beignet connoisseur, knew to hold her treat with two fingers over the bag. Lesson learned. 
Morning Call is a bit out of the way for tourists but if you have wheels, Uber or good knowledge of transit then it's worth the drive with the bonus of City Park to relax in and enjoy.Came here on our city tour of New Orleans.  This place seemed to be hidden away in the park which seemed pretty sweet.  Like a treasure to be found.
So as the name states, it is a coffee stand but of course you can get the beignets that are famous in this city.
Unlike the other beignet place I yelped, you can go wild with the powered sugar.  That seemed like the only thing to me that gave them a fourth star.  The beignets here were inconsistent as far as size and texture.  One of the beignets seemed a lot smaller than the others and the other ones had holes in them.  Not a big deal as I just wanted to sample them and the are prices are reasonable.
I also ordered a hot chocolate and the wife ordered a coffee.  Nothing really to rave about the hot chocolate as it tasted like the powered stuff you buy at the store.  Way to sweet.  My wife did say she liked the coffee so she was happy.
Make sure you have some cash as it seems you get better service that way.  Things move fast so make sure you know what you want.  There is also a little tucked away shop to get some stuff to bring home.
This place is more for the tourist but I did notice that it looks like a great place to just hang if you are a local.  The park is huge and there is a kids playground right next to the restaurant.People say that Cafe Du Monde are the best beignets in NOLA, but I suggest this place gives them a run for their money and they are usually less busy so you get quicker service.
Their service is friendly and the speed is fast - I stopped by on a tour and was in and out in 15 minutes. In that time I ordered, was served, ate, and they even managed to squeeze in a refill of their delicious sweet iced tea. 
The beignets were fluffy and light with just the lightest crispness to their shell. They provide your own powered sugar on the table. Somehow they also manage to keep the tables clean of all the spilled sugar!
Decor is simple and classic, the hardwood floors and walls echo sound, so the place is always noisy. Don't come here for a romantic brunch, come here for a fun breakfast. Outdoor seating also available.Take a stroll through the south side of City Park once the sun goes down, and you're bound to see the one light that actually works.  Our "city" park resembles a country campground due to the lack of adequate lighting.  Thankfully, Morning Call has occupied the beautiful old Casino building.  A massive coffee mug shines like a beacon to all those craving fried dough, powdered sugar.  Weather you show up at 9pm or 4am, Morning Call is there for you.  And by show up, I mean make a point to go there.  If you're in the park during the day, then you might happen upon it.  However, it's not a place that you would stumble upon during your nighttime activities.      
Inside you'll find their signature "arch bar".  A long marble countertop with stools on either side sit underneath a wooden arch bedazzled with incandescent light bulbs and the coffee stands namesake.  As far as the food goes, it is what it is.  Decent beignets and coffee.  As a bonus, though, they do offer some watered down versions of basic New Orleans dishes.  The beignets here are served without the powdered sugar as opposed to that OTHER place that serves them pre-dusted.  Don't despair!  Powdered sugar is set out tableside for you to sprinkle (aka dump) as much as you want on top of your yeasty gourmandises.      
I recommend visiting in the daylight, mainly so you can better appreciate the location.  The century old Casino building sits at the intersection of two of the park's lagoons.  It's surrounded by mature live oak trees only steps away from the Popp bandstand pavillion and the NOMA sculpture garden.Abysmal service. Place wasn't remotely busy - maybe three occupied tables inside, half a dozen tables outside. I sat down and was told someone would be right with me. Fifteen minutes of sitting and watching at least four waiters hang out chatting with each other while I still hadn't been helped I got up and left. Not worth it for some fried dough that, let's face it, nobody does any better than anybody else in this town."Beignet a day" was our NOLA motto and between Morning Call, Cafe Du Monde and Cafe Beignet, Morning Call was the unanimous winner. My group stopped by twice during our stay and were glad we did. Such a charming location and the beignets are hot and fluffy. Just hope a tour bus doesn't pull up and ruin the experience, which almost happened to us but luckily we were just finishing up.The beauty of this place lies in the fact that it is nestled next to a beautiful little lake that is surrounded by large live oaks and on the other side is the sculpture garden and the museum of Art. What better way to enjoy your Beignets than with culture surrounding you.
The inside of the café is done in a nice retro upscale diner with large bright bulbs on the island bar stand and mirrors on one side of the place. I found this place when walking with my mom here after being outside in the sweltering heat all morning. We noticed right away what kind of place this was based on the white sugar all over the floors. The immediate effect this place had on us was a cold rushing breeze as we walked in from out of the heat. It felt so nice inside, and we could tell because the place was packed that this is what other people were doing, cooling off. 
We visited this place back in early June of this year. We didn't order anything but the waitress was nice enough to bring us some cold water to drink while we cooled off at one of the tables. I started to take pictures because it just had that old time feel to it, with the same bright blubs that circuses use to get attention. I could also tell this was a tourist stop for many because so many were doing the same thing as us, planning our next stop, and cooling off, plus the different accents also gave it away.
After we cooled off, we went into their gift shop that they have inside. We found a few items that looked nice to have, including some seafood recipes from there. We took our time because there was no rush to get back out into the heat. 
So if your ever around this area, stop on by for a quick cool down, be sure to check out the lovely playground outside (which should have a covering over it) and then walk on over to the lovely Peristyle next to the playground, it is the large pavilion with the stone columns in front of the manicured grass lawn with palm trees.Very nice place to hang out with friends, relax and have a great cup of coffee and beignets. Pretty scenes at night in city park. Cute date night idea.I have been here quite a few times and am remiss in not reviewing this Morning Call sooner. Location, location, location, as they say, and locations don't get better than this. It is so pretty there in the park by the sculpture garden and the outside seating seems to be fairly cool even on a warm day. They often have live music, the coffee is very good, and the servers are quite nice. It is an absolutely perfect "third place" to read and drink coffee and chill under the oaks (third place is a sociological term for a place you go to every day or almost every day that is not your work or your home).Visiting the city for the first time. Simon was a great server and very fun. Made our New Orleans experience great. Though his shirt looked a little dirty. Thank you, Simon!I was skeptical at first when I saw the beignets came with no powdered sugar on them, then I noticed the powdered sugar on the table. It was a self serve option which was pretty cool. The beignets were fresh, crispy, and delicious! I'd honestly say they're better than Cafe Du Monde. Of course if you're visiting New Orleans like I was, you still have to make a trip to Cafe Du Monde, but in comparison, I liked Morning Call's much better! The only con of this place was that it was cash only!My wife got the iced coffee she said it was not very good. Definitely not worth five and half bucksThe eternal battle of "Which Beignet is Best?!" rages on. I was first introduced to Morning Call Coffee Stand by my friend, a local, and his wife, on a trip to the Big Easy. They swore up and down that Morning Call had THE BEST beignets in all of New Orleans. I tried them and I believe Morning Call serves better beignets than Cafe du Monde. There is also something to be said about the remote location of this beignet and coffee stand - in City Park but somehow still open 24 hours a day. The first time I visited it was after midnight, a warm night and somehow it made the entire experience that much more magical. 
Anyways, on my most recent trip to New Orleans, I came back to Morning Call to see if the magic and the beignets were just as I had remembered. Despite being smack in the middle of the afternoon (no twilight magic this time), the beignets were still good. Our server was grumpy and the local field trip of elementary students were annoying but the beignet was warm, fluffy, and fresh. So I still think Morning Call beats Cafe du Monde on this delectable treat.If you want the wake up feeling refreshed and want to hear the call of the birds way sooner than you should in the morning, this is your place.The most amazing beignets and cafe au lai! It was a quaint place that's open 24 hours located in City Park with friendly service....much better than Cafe du Monde!Didn't get to try the cuisine, stopped off the bus and after waiting 10 minutes we decided to hunt down our waitress. She was incredibly snippy and condescending and after that we decided it best to just get right back on the bus.Three of us were picking up 3 different vehicles headed over to Morning Call on the way to the airport; my two friends with me had been to Cafe du Monde seven consecutive years on New Orleans trips but I thought they might like Morning Call as a change of pace. We were seated immediately and all ordered beignets and cups of cafe au lait. We liked that we could add as much or as little powdered sugar to the beignets as we wanted, thus controlling how much of the white stuff would inevitably get on our clothes. We also loved how the lines for a table were much shorter than Cafe du Monde. Our orders came quickly and we inhaled the beignets, leaving only a small mound of sugar on the plates as scant evidence that we enjoyed them however briefly. 
Later that night, a number of our friends on this volunteer trip went to Cafe du Monde, waiting quite some time in the rain to have beignets so on the next morning, we took about 14 of them to Morning Call for comparison. Everyone, including the 3 of us who went the day before, enjoyed Morning Call beignets without the long wait and topped it off with a walk in City Park through the Sculpture Garden to work off some of those calories. 
Being next to the playground, and near the carousel and Storyland in City Park, Morning Call is kid-friendly, and good for families and groups, and parking nearby was easy. I found the wait staff to be friendly and efficient with enjoyable musicians playing inside Saturday and outside on Sunday. I will return.By far my favorite place for beignets and cafe au lait! There's hardly ever a wait to be seated or served. The powdered sugar comes on the side so you can put as much or as little as you prefer on your beignets. They will even give you a hat to wear if you ask! Be sure to bring cash or be prepared to use the atm located inside.What a PERFECT location for coffee and beignets! I love the location/atmosphere here. The food is typical Morning Call: Beignets are slightly better than Cafe Du Monde, but the Coffee doesn't come close to Cafe Du Monde. It is also a vast improvement over what this building previously housed. Good Job!Far superior beignets to cafe du monde. Perfectly fried and warm and you can add as much sugar as you like. The setting is great in city park. While you are there walk over to the sculpture garden for free.Fantastic beignets, great cafe au lait, and the jambalaya is to die for. 
Situated in City Park, this is a fine choice for sunny, warm (but not TOO warm) days. Right next to the sculpture garden and museum of art, so it's a great start to a morning stroll. 
Cash only, though, so come prepared.I had some time to kill in New Orleans so I stepped in here. It's in a cool place right in the city park. The food was great. I liked the coffee to. They made it just the way I like. It was a great place to sit and people watch away from all the tourist. All around fun.Beignets are phenomenal - service is absent however. Couldn't really give much other than a 3 out of 5 due to the pretty average service. We waited around 15 minutes to actually place an order so left a bad taste...Great place for coffee and beignets. Location on map is right but googlemaps takes you to the wrong place.Nice vibe near the garden of statues. Cash only  you seat yourself  the waiter comes to you ask what you'll like, tells you your total they bring what you order you pay they give you your change.Came here March 7, 2018. A bit further afield but just as tasty as Café du Monde. Had the beignets, coffee and alligator sausage. All were good. It was great to not have to wait in any lines and you can sit either outside or inside - just beware on windy days your powdered sugar gets all over the place. They take your order in a very interesting pattern (check out one of the little books they write your order in). The park is nice with the many small bridges, very old oak trees, quarreling geese, large sundial and sculpture park (this was free and a lot bigger than you'd think - really enjoyed this area). There's also the Museum of Art (didn't go in). They are apparently open 24 hours and cash only.We stopped here after wandering around the gorgeous sculpture gardens. I got the jambalaya which was extremely tasty. It had sausage, chicken, rice, and a very flavorful blend of spices. There could have been more, but it still tasted quite good. The other two in my party had the crawfish etouffee and the spinach and artichoke bread, both which were good but not as good as my jambalaya. Then, we had some beignets, which were light, chewy, greasy, and delicious. The service was quick and nice. The atmosphere, with it being in city park, was nice and pleasant.   I recommend this place for a quick bite, but not a full meal.The convenience of this place is fantastic.  My friends and I were the only people there on NYE at 3 am, and we definitely needed the pick-me-up.  It's just beignets and coffee, what more do you want?Discovered this place while walking around the park. You can sit indoors or outdoors and there's a variety of goodies you can try. Only problem is that it didn't look like the people were happy working there and it seemed like it was annoying to come take our order. We tried their beignets which were okayfresh beignets light and airy much better than Café Du Mond!  it is right across from the sculpture garden in city park which is very convenient..Really weird, disappointing experience here on Thursday 11/19/2015. We sat outside overlooking the park and ordered a bowl of gumbo, coffee and an order of beignets. A white man in his late 40s wearing a newsboy cap (maybe a manager) was berating the staff in front of the guests. Instead of calling a waiter to come to him, he whistled and snapped to beckon him.
Our waiter was no where to be found. We searched inside the place and finally found him to ask for the check. He stated it would be $17.25 and Pete handed him a $100 bill. This would later turn into a discussion between me and Pete - why you should not produce monies without first receiving and reviewing a bill, but I'll keep that offline.
15 minutes later (I'm not exaggerating!) after searching for the waiter again, I go "give me the change." And he goes, "I didn't run away with your $100. Hmmm let's see, the bill was $18.75" and I'm like "that's more than you quoted earlier, plus, give me a receipt."
He stated they didn't have receipts or bills, because they're cash only. No problem, I said and took out my phone's calculator. The bill was $16.78 when I accounting for 10% tax which is more than this city's tax. The waiter was befuddled and gave Pete $83 back. Pete handed him back $3 and we left. 
Walking around the park, full of sugary carbs, Pete questioned what just happened. I didn't really know but I had powdered sugar allllll over my dress.Thought we would pop in on way to Jfest for coffee and beignets. Didn't know it was deep within City Park, and my husband was getting hangry for coffee so glad we finally found this peaceful and uncrowded cafe finally. Friendly staff but cash only! Had to use ATM there which was fine. Beignets were good, cafe au lait ok. Beautiful and serene setting which added to the  charm.I am going to give this place a much better rating than the famous place that most told me to have my beignet.  These were much fluffier, lighter and not buried with powdered sugar. The actual duster for the powdered sugar is at the table.  Do you want a little, have a little. A lot, have a lot. It is up to you they allow you to do it. The hostess with this place being less touristy was much friendlier and the establishment itself much cleaner. Overall my experience here was one that would bring me back.The overall atmosphere is delightful. The coffee was amazing and reasonably priced. The time it takes you to get a seat at Cafe du Monde, it will take half that to sit and eat some beignets. I loved how easy it was to order and pay in under an hour without worrying about becoming overwhelmed by hoards of people.
The live music through off the environment but fun to see. You are able to enjoy a meal in a semi-quiet environment. They have beautiful outdoor seating for small or even large groups.
The beignets were, in my opinion better then Cafe du Monde because they were lighter, and you are able to control the amount of powdered sugar added. 
I highly recommend this place for any future visits to NOLA.il bignet che abbiamo degustato in questo locale è sicuramente più buono di quello del rinomato bignè del centro. La grandezza ed il costo sono uguali, l'unica differenza è che lo zucchero a velo è il cliente a metterselo nella quantità che si desidera.Quote little place in the middle of city park.  Nice waitress, yummy beignet.  Very quaint and simple.  Where else can you have a quiet, calming, soothing date place over a cup of coffee and beignet?  Love the vibe.Morning Call is one of those New Orleans institutions. Most locations (at least ones I've frequented) are 24hrs, which means I can always get my cafe au lait and beignets no matter the time of night. This location is in City Park itself, which is nice. 
In addition to the standard menu items they also have actual "meal" items, like red beans and gumbo. Those are definitely aimed at tourists. I'm told that tour buses regularly stop at this Morning Call at the end of the route.
Overall, it's exactly what you expect from Morning Call with one oddity: they serve the beignets without sugar on them. There's sugar at the table, of course, for you to put on them but they are served plain. I like that, I prefer my beignets with minimal sugar if any. 
NOTE: Cash only.A group of us got our beignet fix after a wedding in City Park. Everything we ordered was extremely fresh and delectable!! The wait staff was also friendly and attentive. I highly recommend!Better than Cafe Du Monde!!!!! Their beignets are fluffy, warm, and just knocks Cafe Du Mondes out of the park...literally because this place is located at a cute park outside the city. A nice clean park to walk around and enjoy a frozen coffee.Only reason to go here is for the cafe au lait. The beignets, however, leave a lot to be desired. They were pulled straight out of an aluminum box and were probably premade hours ago. They were thoroughly cold and really didn't taste that great. This place can't even hold a candle to Cafe Du Monde. Also insanely overpriced, a order of beignets and a large coffee cost me $7.25!!Stopping here was part of the Cajun Encounters City Tour, for a restroom/coffee/beirgnet break...me likey!  5 stars all the way, we enjoyed the cool gift shop too.Beignets are definitely better at cafe du monde and not because it doesn't come doused with powdered sugar, but morning calls is less puffy and almost flat. It was still good and I had no trouble eating it in several bites but I definitely think cafe du monde overall just tastes better.I have had some pleasant experiences here. Back when I lived in Midcity (which wasn't long ago) I would hit this place up on a regular for some beignets and coffee. Then I gained weight and moved right on Magazine where my diet has been forgotten. Before I get off topic, service here is friendly, there are simple delicious options. This place makes for a great morning date! Enjoy!This is right off the path as you walk through the sculpture garden and as it was unusually cold in NOLA that day I was ready for another cup of coffee. When you go inside you stand in a line by the take out sign and the servers walk up to you and take your order. It was pretty busy when we were there and it was a little crowded for the small take out area but service was quick and friendly. I fell in love with the cafe au lait that I had elsewhere earlier on in the trip so I decided to try theirs. I experienced a little bit of sticker shock when I saw that my "large" cup of coffee which was in my mind a small was $5. He said a small was only half the cup and I was in awe that 3 sips of coffee would be considered a small. In any event it was def not as delicious as the one I had tried so I was a little disappointed but all in all it was coffee and it kept me warm while we finished our walk of the sculpture garden.Better beignets than cafe du monde!! In my opinion - lighter, fluffier, crispier on the outside.  Cafe au lait is nothing remarkable (sub par to cafe du monde's), but I really just come here for the beignets.  Service could be better, but I've never had any real complaints about it.  I get my beignets, I pile on a butt load of sugar, I eat, I drink my coffee, I hand over some cash, and I'm satisfied.  Sometimes I order more.  If it was more convenient, I would've come here everyday during my week long stay.  If you're looking for THE BEST beignets, this is the place to go.
disclaimer: This review is strictly for beignets.  I have never ordered anything other than beignets + cafe au lait here.Great iced coffee and good jambalaya and alligator sausage- a surprise for a seemingly breakdast spot (maybe cause it's called morning call and we were there twice in the morning). It's in a very beautiful park. Open 24 hoursThey get get away with the rudeness because the food is so amazing. 5 stars for beignets and cafe au lait! Best in the city but also the rudest staff I've ever witnessedDuring our recent visit to NOLA, we knew Cafe du Monde would be one of our first stops to get our beignet fix however, we took a city tour and one of the stops was to Morning Call.  The guide said you were either a Morning Call or a CdM person. The experience was hectic as the place was super crowded, the line was out the door and the staff was just all over the place.  Beyond all that, we eventually got our beignets and man, all that stress was way worth it.  The beignets were light and fluffy, and a little bigger than CdM's.  Their coffee was pretty good too.  Yeah, the staff was a little bit rough around the edges but, knowing what they have to deal with, I'm sympathetic to the awesome pieces of sweet doughy goodness they serve!
#GoodMorningGoodBeignetsHow can you go to New Orleans and not have beignets?  It's like... you'd have to be born without a brainstem to think that.  Anyways, who needs Cafe Du Monde?  Overrated and hard to park.  This new location of Morning Call at City Park was just what the doctor ordered.  Easy parking and the beignets were facemeltingly awesome.  The coffee was way bad ass as always and it's places like this that make me happy to be a native New Orleanian.  There were a shit ton of old people in this place.  Like, bus loads of them but hey, old people need beignets too.The best beignet in the city hands down. And the best coffee au lait hands down. 
I have had so many beignets in the city of New Orleans and I have to say if you want a good one this is the place!  It's light, airy, and tasted heavenly. The dough is filled with pockets there is no dense spot like some of the others. No heavy flour on the outside which makes the perfect light crunch on the outside without dense shell. 
The coffee au lait is creamy with the milky taste that you only find here. 
Love itGreat customer service. Hot crispy beignets. And lovely scene. Hands down Better than Cafe Du Monde.  I would recommend this place to everyone.Nice place for coffee and beignets in City Park. Very similar to Cafe Du Monde which we go to all the time because it's the touristy thing to do. This is my first time here and I have to say I liked the beignets here better. It's crispier on the outside and not as doughy on the inside. The frozen latte is very strong and good too. Servers are helpful and take your orders at the table.Delicious beignets and frozen coffee!! Too bad they won't be around much longer in City Park.I love morning call! 
Since I was a kid and would fly into the airport we would stop here every time to grab some cafe au lait and beignets before heading across the causeway to the North Shore.Great setting, beignets are light and delicious, good coffee.  The service is terrible.  We've been over-charged and insulted by a waitress   They need to address that problem.Enjoyed a stop here before a walk through City Park. The mango freeze was delicious and the wait staff very friendly.Terrible service, the servers taking orders from people standing in line skipped over multiple Black people to take orders from white customers instead. When our order was finally taken after being ignored in the front of the line for quite a while the coffee was half full and the server refused to put the change into my Black friend's hand, instead putting it on the table even though her hand was out. Super racist experience, absolutely will not return.Nice location in City Park. Great for people watching. Coffee and beignets are as good as any in town. They also offer some tasty savory bites, like crawfish bread and mini-muffalettas.Good hot and fresh beignets and hot coffee. The place gives you an old time feel. Cute place to sit and enjoy a sweet treat!I had a craving for coffee and beignets. Normally Id go to Cafe Du Monde (yes im a tourist) but my friend recommended this place. 
The restaurant is set in city park. It situated along grassy fields and old trees. Beautiful. The inside is nice and spacious. 
I went on a Wednesday night and there were few guests. Service was quick and friendly. 
Coffee with chicory: splendid. The beignets were warm and yummy. They leave small canisters of confectionary sugar on the table so you can sweeten the beignets to your sweet tooths content. Loved it!We stopped here with a bus tour. It wasn't clear that they would wait on us and we got in line behind some others. A waitress barked at us to sit down to be helped, so we did. We only had a short amount of time. We sat there until time almost ran out waiting for someone to even come over to us (even walked up and asked one of the waiters who were aimlessly walking around). We finally ordered and still were unable to get our order before we had to be back on the bus, so we just had to leave. One of the fellow members of our tour said the beignets were not very good, so we probably didn't miss out really. Service here was terrible.Morning Call is greater than Cafe "Tourist Destination" Du Monde. Been going to Morning call for years. Just get the beignets & au latte and you are rolling. Hopefully more tourists read this than locals. We already know