They have a lot to learn about service. The male bartender was super apathetic and seemingly annoyed by our existence...ex: when taking our brunch order he just walked up and said "Food?" In general he couldn't be bothered to interact with us, let alone do it with any hospitality. 
Lousy drinks --  the mimosas are a ripoff. We ordered a carafe, but it was 90% juice, only the neck was topped off w/ sparkling wine. We're not ordering juice here, people, we're ordering drinks! A mimosa should be mostly sparkling and topped w/ juice. I asked if he could add more but his adjustment made no difference. But here's the kicker -- when a friend of the apathetic bartender sat next to us, she was welcomed with smiles and jovial hospitality, and when she ordered a mimosa guess what she got? 90% sparkling wine, topped with juice! You know, the way they're supposed to be made.
Clearly there's no front-of-house manager to oversee and ensure good service.
Food-wise, it's meh. The forgettable $13 & $15 entrees didn't come with sides, so you gotta pay extra to have potatoes or grits or bacon w/ those eggs.
Sorry guys, but New Orleans is a food and hospitality town....You aren't even trying. I don't imagine Morrow's will be around unless you step up your game in a major way. (and writing yourself fake reviews wasn't the solution -- glad Yelp removed them!)I hate to do this. But the experience was terrible from start to finish and I'll have to post "buyer beware." I almost don't know where to begin...but let's start with the extraordinarily long line-it's Essence Fest so I get it, lines are everywhere.   But we were 7th on the wait list and waited over 2 hours.  We watch while "celebrities-not" breezed in from off the streets to be seated in front of myself and other paying customers who also had been waiting for HOURS for what would be a mediocre meal.  
We were told that the "owner was hosting them at his private table."  Problem is the place has 20 tables and a bar so if the owner wanted to pay for or host "celebrities"  -he/she should've closed for the day.  It's called, "closed for a private event." It felt exclusionary and demoralizing.  What happened to valued customer service?
And then I get inside and order and wait, and wait, and wait another hour before food finally arrives.  My sweet potato pancakes were dense-not moist or fluffy and my spinach and feta omelette was unseasoned and light on the feta. Everything was warm-not hot, not cold-just warm.  Did someone forget to grab from the window on time for a hot plate to arrive to my table?  It wasn't just me though the salmon, bananas foster, and shrimp and grits that my friends ordered all arrived warm.  The grits are dense and bland and not at all cheesy-really.
Once half of our order arrived the waitresses disappeared and we were hunting folks down to ask for silverware hot sauce and syrup.  Wait staff seemed uninterested in our polite feedback and dismissive.  
This is a new restaurant trying to make a good name but it left a bad taste.  I will not recommend and will not be back.  
Two stars because it was edible.The waitstaff were attentive and very nice! That is the only positive comment that I have for this establishment: I waited fir over an hour while moderate celebrities were ushered in. After all of the waiting the food was not good. Grits were hard and not seasoned, shrimp & fish over cooked, it was a disappointment.Although the food is great, this place gets 1 star because of the incredibly long wait and disorganization of the hostesses. There has to be a better system to get people in the door. It's just ridiculous. After over 2 hours in line,  we get to the door, just to have our name taken to be put on a list and told we have an additional hour and a half wait (ended up being less than an hour). Do better!Food was good.  Appetizer (gumbo) was served quickly, but entree took a little while to come.  I had the chicken breast, braised cabbage, and Mac and cheese.  Cabbage was really tasty.  Service wasn't bad, being that this is a new restaurant.  Will be going back for the crawfish pasta.  I heard it was really good!I expected more. I'm writing this review after multiple visits. The most amazing thing I had was the fried fish. It was legendary. I was disappointed with the flavoring of the pasta that came along with the fish. It was surprisingly very bland and tasted like it was previously frozen. I wanted more flavor. Wings are very good. I tried the lettuce wraps and was surprised at the small sized meat portion for the price. You can't go wrong with any of the desserts. They all were good. Dishes seemed to be a little overpriced to me. I don't mind paying for a good meal and experience at all, but the food for the prices just don't add up to me. Drinks are also a little pricey.We loved our first visit to Morrow's which is new addition to the culinary offerings in our New Orleans neighborhood. The food was excellent -- we had red beans and rice and fried chicken. The red beans were just delicious -- Is say the best we've had (and we've had them all over the city). The fried chicken was very tender, subtly spiced and beautifully crisped. I admit I was a bit leery reading the poor reviews about the long waits for food and service, but as a new restaurant, they had some kinks to work out. At this point though the service is excellent. Kasii, our waitperson was very attentive, friendly, and helpful.Morrow's was recommended by an Uber driver as a great local spot, and LAWD was He ever right.  The night before we went to Neyows which turned out to be a flop, however this place did not disappoint. 
Fantastic Redfish, Garlic mashed potatoes and Crawfish Etouffee.
Blair was fabulous! Good looking out. 
Waiting on desert, but I'm sure if it's anything like their food then it'll be YUM YUM!
Well, the Hawaiian Bread Pudding came and BANG, they did their thing.Came for brunch on a Sunday. Good food, good music, great service. Away from the hustle and bustle of the French Quarters, but so worth a relaxing wine down brunch(or whenever you decide to come). Only thing that's on you: good company(I had that). Other than that, they have you covered.
I had the crab cake benedict(comes with one) and has brown(more like breakfast potatoes)
My partner had steak and eggs. I tasted some- it wasn't over seasoned. It was just right with no need for A1 sauce. She finished every bite(which doesn't happen often).This establishment came highly recommended from a local. We decided to visit our last night in NOLA. We waited 2 hours to be seated. Service was horrible, food was cold and the owner sister was nonchalant about our concerns. They added 20% gratuity to a party of three. When questioned about the automatic gratuity, owner sister stated "all restaurants do this during Essence"....I told her that's untrue, she disagreed. This means this establishment takes advantage of Essence visitors. 
The male waiters could not provide decent service due to their lack of focus and flirting. I do not recommend this eatery and will ensure I leave bad reviews on all social media forums.If you're in NOLA and want great food outside of the French Quarter, stop by Morrow's. I highly recommend the BiBimBap. The prices are great. Extremely friendly staff. The drinks are !! The location is small, but the food packs BIG flavor! The owner/proprietor, Larry Morrow, is Nawlins native and he's all about serving his community. I suggest getting there early, as they're known to have a line. Just know, it'll be well worth the wait!!Horrible customer service!!! Came down for essence fest called several times showed the hostess when we got there paid for a $30 Lyft and everything and all the hostess could say is "I've been answering the phone, then says oh it's dead." And proceeds to plug it up. Pathetic... she needs to go home. Then the guy outside the door says " Three hour wait, and they are closed." I have never seen anything like this in my life! Ain't never heard of this in my life. We called cause we heard how good everything was, as a food blogger I'm sad to say I won't even come back to rate the food.Ok, let me start by saying I not only visited on a Saturday but it was an essence weekend type of Saturday. The line was down the block when my friend and I got there. We get in the line and the ladies come out and say they know they aren't going to be able to serve over half of the line. People left we stayed with Hope's that something would come up at the bar or someone would leave anything lol. I followed them on Instagram recently so I was NOT leaving without my morrows. We chose to wait and I'm glad we did! Something did come up and we were seated. Greeted right away and then again by what I think is the front house msngr she was amazing. Then top it of our waiter Fernandez was phenomenal they were super busy as u can imagine but he didnt skip a beat! He took really good care of us so service was a plus and I'm hoping that other people would give this restaurant a fair shot it's worth it! If u had a bad experience try again and then one more time. Now let's get to the good part! THE FOOD! I had the wings mmm.mmm. yeessss delicious I didnt even wanna dip them in ranch the flavor was so delicious! The salmon was friggin huge! And it was beautifully prepared and tasted amazing! The brown rice at first i was like I want potatoes (ordered a side of garlic mash and vegetables) the brown rice was delicious it was light and had great flavor I was pleasantly surprised. The vegetables omg cooked and seasoned to perfection! Ya'll I ate ALL the sides my salmon was too big to finish so I brought it home. Reasonable prices. And oh the DRINKS! We started out with the Dominican mami delicious and ended with the French henny apple martini! AMAZING! Overall great experience. The wait was expected as it is close to downtown. This was there first essence hopefully they will have expanded to accommodate the troves of people who want to dine. But that's a good problem to have right? 
A bit of feedback I would give is just a better process for guests when they check in and maybe if you could put some seating out doors for guests who are waiting for long periods so it could take their mind of of the wait by chopping it up and offer them to go to the bar and buy a drink everybody wins then! Cant wait to visit again!We had the chance to visit this restaurant after hearing so much about it. We received a seat quickly after we arrived for a noon lunch and our waiter was there within 5 mins. This was a Thursday also during the week. I ordered drinks and an appetizer before my guest arrived and it took awhile to get drinks but the wait was not long. Once my guest arrived we were ready to order. We placed our entire order and received our food within 20 mins. I ordered the oyster morrow stuffed with fresh crabmeat and the file gumbo. I enjoyed them both but my gumbo was spicy and I noticed crawfish tails. I had not had that in my gumbo before but okay maybe that's their signature item thrown in the pot lol. Overall I would return again and next time we will try the Sunday brunch!Lovellyyyy place 100% on the food , my fave is the crawfish pasta with catfish & crabmeat oysters. Not too fond of the basic crab claws for the price. Other than that. Food ? Is just immaculate!!!I never write reviews, but I felt compelled to do so today. I was here for Essence Fest and wanted to check out some black owned restaurants while in town. We waited for over an hour to be seated, had several celebrity sightings (all of which were seated before us even though we were in line waiting) but the kicker is that the food was mediocre at best. We have to do better people! We ordered a total of 6 different brunch menu items and all were horrible. 
The spinach and feta omelet was the best thing. The shrimp and salmon were over cooked. The grits were waayy too stiff. I could go on but I won't. Very disappointing.I liked the fact that I was greeted while I entered the establishment. I was really glad that part went well because I have heard mixed comments and rrviews about this spot. So I was happy. Let me just say this ...happy hour is 4 to 7 and it's pretty standard. My bartender was honest with me about my wait time because this place was super packed, however, I waited no more than five minutes for my drink. I went with the standard drink that's hard to screw up...The Margarita...lol..and its really good. I am impressed by the music selection.All hip hop and R&B which made my happy hour experience that much cooler...I can see why its trendy... So many people dipped in and out this spot its crazyyyy... But you really cant gi wrong with good drinks and music....Yes you can get drinks to go here. I just really enjoyed the ambiance at the bar... I know I will be back.First time in the NOLA and this spot was a must on our list! Our wait wasn't long and the food and service was superb. Being from Maryland we know seafood and all of the seafood was cooked and seasoned to perfection. Their sesame ginger  chicken wings were amazing and stuffed mushrooms were perfect appetizers. For our entree's we have the seafood platter, salmon and the Ocean Delight! We will definitely be back and I'm blown I left my leftovers  S/O to Larry Marrow for a top notch place  #dcornothingEverything we ordered was so good and fulfilling! I came from Baton Rouge just for Morrows! I will definitely be back!Not happy with service or meal. I ordered Bayou Red fish with Crawfish etouffe topping. There was no etouffe sauce, just a cream sauce. I asked for green salad in place of potato salad. When bill came, i realized...I was charged for the green salad. The taste wasn't what I expected in New Orleans.This spot right here is AWESOME! The atmosphere, service and food are excellent! My compliments to the chef!Let me start by saying despite the reviews my friends and I decided to try this place because we heard the food was good and I had actually met one of the bartenders at a Black Restaurant Week event earlier that week. Being forewarned about the bad service from this website we called to try and secure a table or at least to find out the waiting time. On several calls we got no answer. Since it was close to home we went anyway. Several people were waiting outside. This was at around 9 pm and we were told they were not accepting anymore patrons. Seriously!! I explained the we tried to call in order to avoid wasting time, bus and cab fare back since it was late.  The hostess apologized and stated that the restaurant is really busy. I understand that, but what is unsettling is the patrons waiting outside also made several phone calls and when they finally did get through they were told that they don't accept reservations over the phone.  So which is it? Essence festival ended the day before and there are definitely LESS people in the city now. Clearly the management needs a class in restaurant/patron etiquette and I hope that considering its location it will be more appreciative of the community and provide a better level of class and service.Amazing Food.. whoever is in the kitchen defiantly knows what they are doing!!!! Not to mention the owner and staff are extremely personable. 
This will be a spot I frequent.My coworkers and I decided to try this new restaurant for lunch. First off we placed an order to go and waited over an hour to get SOME of the food. Keep in mind I placed several orders for my coworkers that didn't feel like walking. One person ordered a Chicken Club Salad, a hamburger with regular fries, a shrimp poboy with garlic parmesan fries, a seafood platter, and an extra order of garlic parmesan fries. I get the ticket for the salad and was charged an extra $3 for chicken. So I asked about the additional charge and the guy says he doesn't know why they charge extra for chicken. So I show him the menu and it clearly says that chicken is included on the salad so he tells the owner what's going on and the owner says the same thing until I show him that chicken is included and he said "oh I thought you ordered a Caesar salad" and tells the guy to take it off and walks off with no apology. Finally the food comes out and my coworkers burger has mayo on it and she stated "no mayo" when she placed the order. The guys says let me bring it back at this point she's like just bring me the buns. That extra side of garlic parmesan fries came out as regular fries because they took garlic parmesan fries off the menu a month ago but they've only been open for 3 weeks....not to mention they made the garlic parmesan fries for my other two coworkers that ordered them. One of my coworkers then asks the owner about the fries and he says they took it off the menu. She suggests to the owner that they should take it off the menu or draw a line through it since it's no longer available. Owner  says ok we'll do that.  The guy that took the order then asks me what kind of burger I ordered and I told him and he said let me put the order in again....I said huh?? He said there's two tickets in the back but neither are for you. So of course I say don't worry about it. Not one time did the owner apologize for what happened and never asked what was going on the entire hour or so that we were there. Needless to say I had to get lunch from some where else.Had a great time here the other evening. Corey and I believe Derrick were our bartenders and took excellent care of us. The gumbo was yummy, the mac and cheese less so but overall an establishment that I'd certainly visit again.This food was bomb!!!!! I got the charbroiled oysters and the BBQ shrimp. My friends got fried chicken and OMG it changed my life. It was THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD. I recommend this place 100%Fire! Man this food was so good! I had the Cajun crawfish pasta with baked Mac and garlic mashed.... one word FIRE! And they have Uncle Nearest Whiskey at the bar so that's a big plus!Stan and eggs was good. Seasoned very well. I wanted the sweet potato pancakes but if you all out there try them...let me know!!I tried to eat here on my last day in NOLA after Essence Fest was over but there was a long wait at 7:20pm and the hostess told us that there was going to be a 3-4 hour wait (this places closed at 10pm) . I was not about to stand outside for 3 hours in that neighborhood, and have them turn us away because now the restaurant was closing.  It sucks because I came all the way from California to try this place out and I couldn't even get in. I will not recommend this place or any other places that lets their customers STAND outside in the HEAT or at NIGHT just to to try out some food lol. It never turns out to be worth the wait.
(Oh and I found out later on that some Saints football players were also inside, though I doubt this is the reason for the long wait time.... it probably added on to the long wait period. )Yes, it's definitely worth the wait time 1hr 1/2.  The vibe is very nice mostly tourist between the age of 27-50. The place is kinda pricey 5 wings  for $10, the restaurant size is a little small you might want to choose a slow day if there are any. I believe  it's time to move a couple blocks over in the abandon furniture store; you need more space.  Morrow's is more of an adult restaurant/club not kid friendly.
If I had to choose I would order for take out. Staff was very helpful,nice and accommodating to myself and friends who did have a baby dining with us.
The food was delicious!! But, over price for a restaurant with no parking. But, overall the food  is real New Orleans comfort food. Marrow's  is definitely giving restaurants like Copland's and Pappadeaux's a run for their money.3 star that has 5 star potential. 
The Wait: Im from CA where plenty of new/high end restaurants have reservation/waitlist (some times 6 months in advance), so the waitlist concept didn't deter me at all. We went Mon after Essence about 4:45-waited on list 80 mins. Its small (smart starter spot) so no surprise. Party of 3.
Menu: All the N.O stables and some twist-
Food: Good not GREAT.  We had grilled Oysters-gumbo-red beans and rice w/ chicken (a lot of chicken), and shrimp étouffée. Oysters was best order. Portion sizes are big so come hungry and hopefully save room for dessert (we didn't)
now the part where the 2 stars went low...
S-E-R-V-I-C-E: If I had to rate the restaurant strictly on service it would be 1 star. Im a bit strict on my expectations as I have a family owned soul food restaurant-50 yrs in business-as well as Napa Valley fine dining service experience-but some things are basic! Hostess/Greeters: not rude to my party but clearly matched attitude with customers who were disgruntled outside. This is SERVICE INDUSTRY-keep your attitudes in your pocket. The servers are dressed professional and definitely look like they like their jobs-but too busy talking and seems like catering to friends/celebrities. ALL OUR MONEY IS EQUAL. You never know based on how someone looks/dress who they are or might tip. Basic request like napkins or water was ignored unless it was our assigned waitress-that concept is old and tired. Furthermore, the owner was present and walking around clearly checking on operations and but ONLY spoke to celebrities or ppl he personally knew. THAT IS A NO  in my book. It deterred me from purchasing book-which is reason I actually came. Im totally understanding this weekend was the busiest I'm sure they've ever been and energy might be low-but the millions you made this weekend should have smiles and service through the roof! I was disappointed but will give it a try next year. 
Overall good restaurant that needs a lot of operations assistance-go for food and no other expectation-you'll be fine. I wish this business all the best and pray for longevity.This review is way overdue. I came out to New Orleans from Los Angeles last month. I stayed on Canal St. a block from Bourbon St. I really really wanted to try out the great food I heard so much about. Unfortunately, a couple of days into my trip I realized that the food in the French Quarters was not that good. All the food looked and tasted as if they were made by a franchised restaurant as opposed to home-cooking style. I tried all the "tripadvisor" places and they were ok. They were full of tourists and long waits in lines for ok food. I was however, lucky enough to get local advise while riding in a Lyft ride. Which brings me to Morrows. This place is recently opened. I was blown away by the food. The fried seafood, chicken and sides were amazing. They were bready, crunchy, meaty and not oily at all. I was amazed by the perfect texture, season, and presentation of the food. We also met Loretta, the owner/chef. She came out, was very friendly and comped us some grilled oysters. I'm glad she did because those were the best grilled oysters I had in the week I was out there. No where else compared. I strongly recommend this place to anyone looking to avoid the tourist hype and actually enjoy down home New Orleans cooking whether your visiting or live there. Definitely will eat there every time I visit.Absolutely amazing eating experience! They took fantastic care of us. Drinks were good and it wasn't a long wait. I'll be back when back in town.Really nice ambiance. Nice for family or date night. The bartenders model true epitome of customer service. You're never left wondering because they are very attentive. Gumbo very flavorful and seasoned to perfection. Sautéed jumbo crab claws are a must. Definitely a must try. Music compliments the time of day and makes the amDefinitely need purse hooks under the bar...The food was amazing. I came to New Orleans on a spur of the moment trip. I decided to eat here my first night and I wasn't disappointed. I ordered the Cajun crawfish pasta. It was excellent. It also came fried catfish. The place does live up to the hype.They really need to step up their game if they want to stay in business in such a competitive city. Service was absolutely TERRIBLE!. Went here for brunch on sunday. Menu is overpriced and entrees don't even come with sides, you have to pay extras for potatoes. I ordered a crab Benedict and it was a very thick cake (that could have easily been split into two) topped with the tiniest poached egg and they weren't kidding when they said "drizzle" of hollandaise. My friend ordered the sweet potatoes pancakes and they arrived 20 mins after my order came ( i had already finished my plate), with no silverware,no syrup or butter, but more importantly, his pancakes were RAW. Our glasses of water and coffees never got refilled and when we asked the waitress to take back the inedible pancakes and get us the check she came back after a looong time and acted like she did us a favor by taking the pancakes off the check. Suffice to say, we will not be returning. It's a shame because the space is really nice.A few of my friends and I came to New Orleans from New York for Essence festival. I heard great things about the establishment and wanted to try it for myself. We get there at 6:00pm and the host was very rude and should not be working there if she is not happy with her position she informed us that the restaurant would be closing and that they would not be accepting anyone else into the restaurant. What a waste of an Uber to even get to the location . Do not waste your time going there. I was excited about supporting and trying out the food but glad I did not spend my money there especially for the unnecessary attitude from the host.This was my 2nd time at Morrows, totally amazing experiences each time. I had a taste of everything the first time, but today I had the bomb shrimp and grits... everything was made to order and fresh... the music selection is so amazing, and the mimosa!! 
Morrow of the story it's all a great timeGreat place for causal chill. This is my second time eating here and this spot is always on and popping! It's a new spot, so it's attracting all types of crowds. 
We're greeted and seated promptly with great customer service from the hostess. The waitress was very nice, but she was not familiar with the menu. 
I had a craving for the fried chicken and it was cooked perfectly. I ordered red beans and braised cabbage as a side. The beans were scorched so I sent them back and got the potato salad. The cabbage was cold, but had a good taste. We also ordered an oyster poboy and it was cooked perfectly. We also order gumbo, but it wasn't hot when served. I think maybe the waitress forgot about us for a minute because we waited longer than normal for our food, but it was great nonetheless. 
We arrived after the lunch crowd but still waited too long to receive our food. 
I will definitely return especially for the fried chicken. It was so good it almost made me wanna slap my mama.Love the food here and awesome staff. The wait was pretty long but definitely worth the wait. We had to sit at the bar since our wait was 45 min to an hour due to it being busy. As you enter you are greeted by two wonderful young ladies who were very friendly and pleasant. Our bartender was very energetic and fun. The timing of our food was on point even though it was super busy. I had the seafood platter which was delicious and so fresh and hot. They have a homemade tarter sauce which I fell in love with the first taste. My husband had the fried chicken with red beans and macaroni and cheese and my brother in-law had the Cajun pasta with fried fish. Both plates were good. I would definitely set foot in this place again. Hopefully soon. I have to try the brunch on Sunday. Looks taHad the chicken and waffles with unlimited mimosas and it was a perfect Sunday brunch! Will definitely be back!!Very upset and disappointed after hearing such a great review from a  friend to be turned away at the door at 3:30 pm by the off-duty security officer outside and told they weren't accepting anymore people because Mary J. Blige was coming in later with her entourage and that she more than likely would be posting on Instagram so they needed to save space for possible other celebrities whom may come also. He encouraged me to come back in the morning. Wow! :(I really believe sometimes family and friends post these good reviews! With that being said...my first visit was not a good one! After waiting over an hour for seating a Rolls Royce pulls up speaks to the valet who then speaks with the hostess, needless to say they exited the vehicle and was seated immediately!!  Mind you we were still waiting in the heat! My guest and I proceeded to go in to see what was going on and she states "nobody's getting up" ! I told her ma'am... they are not getting up because they are still waiting on their FOOD!! The only way I will ever enter that building    Is if Morrow's name is not attached!!Everything I ordered was really really good! My best friend and I enjoyed everything from the host to the server to the food I have found my new spot to eat lunch and dinner! The charbroiled oysters are also really good and I'm picky about my food and drinks but they exceeded our expectations I will most definitely return and spread the word to others!If you want seasoned food and great drinks, this is the place. Very reasonably priced for the amount of food you get. Been other "new Orleans cuisine" restaurants that were expensive and didn't have half the taste of the food I tasted here. There was a point during my meal where I wanted to burp just to make room for some more of my food,  but I ended up tapping out lol. Didn't look like a lot of parking, but we Uber'd so I'm not for sure. Definitely in my top 5 spots for N.O.2 hour wait still waiting to be seated as I type this and others coming in after us are being seated horrible service thus far and haven't even gotten to be seated yet one of the if not the worst place in New Orleans to dine finally seated after 2 hour 43 min wait food was cold steak over cooked and men's restroom locked for most of experience when told the waiter he was very passive stated if someone went on there they must come out had to ask for manager who unlocked the restroom after dinner was complete asked for check only then was my party of twelve told only one check to be presented to table and only four credit cards can be used to split the check horrible I will not be back and advise others to avoid this place for wait cold food and piss poor serviceWhen we called we were told we'd be waiting about two hours before being sat. We got here around 9p and was sitting by 9:20p. Our waitress was great and bubbly. Food was AMAZING! I ordered the Cajun Crawfish Pasta and it was delicious and a great portion. It comes with two pieces of catfish on top & some garlic French bread. For dessert, I finished with the peach cobbler and it was amazing as well. I'd def recommend this place. Will for sure return on future trips to New Orleans.Before coming to New Orleans I looked up this place and it seemed very popular. The cocktails are what really attracted me. Their Instagram stated that their Happy Hour was everyday, but when I got to the restaurant they told me otherwise. I was very disappointed. I ordered the fried chicken with red beans & rice and baked macaroni. Omg I was not disappointed. I loved everything on my plate. The chicken was so juicy and crispy and the mac n cheese was so homemade. The only downside was I had a piece of my boyfriend's catfish and I couldn't even swallow it. It was extremely fishy and not good at all.Great food nice place good entertainment . A little small inside but the food is greatHorrible Horrible wait time..... The Owners sisters' attitude was not professional to be in the food industry. Owner has special seating for his friend and family members.  And I guess city celebrities.
How can the manager have special seating in such a small place.
Well to make this a great restaurant the manager need to train his staff on how to approach customers with a cordial attitude. And the manager ( who is the owners sister) need to stop mean mugging people and rolling her eyes at customers . Instead of coming to make sure everything was ok or even tried to smooth things over. So then after waiting for 2 hours my food comes out cold .... how can you   Eat cold seafood.
My first experience here was good even though I had to wait. But this experience was the worst. I stopped the owner to let him know my food was cold and I was given another plate but  I was already disappointed with the unprofessional service I received from the Owners' sister.
That's why it's so easy to patronize other establishment and not support our own because when we do,this is the type of service we receive.I just want to say that I love eating at black owned restaurants and Morrow's did not disappoint. I don't enjoy eating shrimp, but oh my god the shrimp appetizer was delicious. I couldn't even decide what I wanted to eat because all the options were equally appeasing. If you're in New Orleans now or anytime in the future, stop what you're doing and immediately take yourself to this restaurant. The food, service, and ambience of the restaurant makes for a complete experience, and shows what the true flavor of New Orleans has to offer.All I can say is I wasn't impressed we called prior to driving to the restaurant to see how their reservations or wait time went. We were told that they stopped taking people at 9:30 she failed to tell us they stop cooking at 9:30 as well. 
We were told once we got there that it was a wait and we had two large parties ahead of us, but I thought you didn't take reservations, so if you don't take reservations and I don't see any large parties waiting I'm confused. The restaurant is extremely small in the inside and it sits on a corner so waiting is somewhat impossible. 
We decided that we would just do take out. Well getting the bartenders attention to order take out was like being at a club that's full to capacity and everyone wants a drink. So far I'm not impressed with the service. We waited 45 minuets for food on a street corner sitting on the ground.  The food may be good but the service is truly unacceptable. Please it's called reservations for 4 or more when your establishment is extremely smallRestaurant - very nice. Adult Beverages - nice. Food - I had Spinach Salad with Shrimp (our server forgot). The service was not good - she rarely checked on us, I had to move our plates out of the way to the end of the table.  This was a party of 5 and not sure if we will be returning to this restaurant.My wife and I were looking for a nice place to eat dinner while visiting and stumbled upon this. They had great food and a good atmosphere. I got the redfish fillet and she got the char-grilled oysters. Both were great. There were a few things that we didn't like though. The air was blasting and made it very cold and the bartender didn't seem to be interested. He barely made any eye contact and when talking to us always faced another direction making it hard to hear over all the noise.One of those secret gems you find all over New Orleans! Shared Redfish topped with crab meat, salmon filet with a teriyaki glaze, marinated crab fingers and Lenora's Hawaiian Bread Pudding. 
Holy Smokes, all of it was delicious and the service was outstanding. 
Won't be a secret for long if they keep up this type of execution!EXCELLENT FOOD AND CUSTOMER SERVICE! I will def be back really soon, probably tomorrow! Can't wait to try everything else on the menuI've been following Morrow's Restaurant on Instagram and my visit was nothing short of spectacular.  Great welcoming staff members as I walked in the door.  Waitress was awesome with making recommendations and helping make our visit pleasant. 
Food was delicious and even had a chance to meet Mrs. Lenora (Owner) and share stories.  
My expectations were not only meet but were exceeded. 
I'll be visiting soon in the near future.Similar to the Half Shell on the Bayou this is another  black owned restaurant in New Orleans I was highly disappointed in. We arrived at 9:15 pm I ordered two appetizers the BBQ Shrimp & the Sesame Wings. Did not receive my food until Midnight! This occurred yesterday on a Tuesday night!! This is not a very big restaurant by any means so to deal with that long of a wait made no sense. Oh yes it does because the bartender forget to print out our food. To top it all off we were approached by a condescending waiter who told us we should be grateful because we received our food in 2 hours unlike the Essence crowd who waited 4 hours and up for their food. Again this was a Tuesday night. The only thing I can give them credit on is comping our meals unlike the Half Shell on the Bayou.My Mom, brother, and I visited for dinner and came away smitten with Morrows.    We live in LA, and are in town for a few days.  Morrows has these signature oysters that BLEW OUR MINDS.   Charbroiled with crab, we were licking the shells clean!!!     Our server Fernandez teased us every time he passed seeing how quiet our table was-- heads down smackin our lips in delight.    We also enjoyed the red beans and rice, cabbage, crab, and fried chicken.   But the oysters Morrow are not to be missed.   We may go back tonight !!!Upon entering the restaurant a very nice young lady gave us the wait time which was about 15-30 minutes which wasn't so bad so we took a little walk around the neighbor to take in some sightseeing. We actually came back more like 45 mins however we still had no table which is no biggie so we chose the bar. Our waiter/bartenders were pretty cool and shared a lot of common interest so it made the dining experience special. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because my friend had the salmon which they felt was a bit undercooked so they didn't finish it, the brown rice wasn't warm nor hot so asked for a salad which took quite a while when it came it was a few pieces of lettuce with about 1 or 2 slices of tomatoes. But I will say my girls friend chicken and baked Mac and cheese as well as my gumbo was pretty good. It didn't hurt to have the cornbread with honey butter which made it even better. Overall, it was a nice place to visit!Food was great very tasty!! Must try! Prices are very reasonable! Service was great! Try the ginger chicken!!The food and wait service at Sunday brunch was quite good. There were 4 of us and we had 4 different meals--from grilled salmon with grits to steak and eggs. From waffles and chicken wings to shrimp and grits.  The waiter was careful to tell us to order as soon as possible because the restaurant was quite crowded.   The staff was attentive and kept my water glass filled and did not refill my coffee too hastily.  The restaurant itself is small and is decorated in modern style that includes a faux(I think) Living wall of greenery and much glass and wood.  Beautiful. 
Problems: they don't take reservations which was difficult to find out because the phones were not working--or so we were told.  We were told there was a 45 minute wait. We accepted that; the place was relatively new and hot. But then we were amazed to see tables empty, be set up and then remain empty.  When questioned, the hostess had no explanation initially.  Then when guests arrived later ( we were an hour in at that point), they were seated.     The hostess then admitted that these were friends of the owners.  
The restaurant environment in New Orleans is cut-throat.  Perhaps these were influential friends who could speak the right words in the right ears.  But I suggest that the owners warn his friends to show up on time or their table will be given away.  There are so many other choices in this city that are also new and popular, but don't blatantly prefer one customer over another.Food off the chain! Atmosphere and vibe real chill! Service is great! That's all you need to knowGreat food and great service! The drinks were good and fairly strong. I would recommend about anything to get. The gumbo is good, the crawfish bread is amazing and everything else I had. The service was really good and the ambiance is nice.Nice, new spot to eat. I like the ambience and the location but Parking is on the street so, hopefully, you don't have to park too far. I was shocked and impressed to see such an eclectic crowd inside. The place looked packed & I just knew the wait would be painful but we got a table immediately. We had a meal full of appetizers and they were all awesome. Crawfish bread was out of sight. Lettuce wraps were finger-biting good. I don't know what it's called but the paste/sauce that goes with it was a little too thick and salty so I used it sparingly. I loved that paste when I worked/lived in Korea but it didn't taste the same here. Speaking of Korea, I regret not trying the bibimbap but that's ok because I'll be back. BBQ shrimp were a nice size. They weren't the best in the city but it was still good & order that again too. Cup of gumbo was ok. It could have used a little bit more kick. I didn't taste the Korean BBQ but it looked mouthwatering. Like every restaurant there's some things you like and some things you don't but by and large, I enjoyed everything so thumbs up.Went to celebrate a birthday and was there in line prior to the doors opened for brunch.  Fairly large party and we knew the size was of the place was relatively small.  I ordered shrimp and grits and was immediately informed by the waitress "We are out of shrimp and grits." Impossible!! You just opened, how could that be and was given no explanation.  That immediately turned me off but made the best of it since we were there to celebrate.It's okay...I really don't understand what all the fuss is about. Yes, I'd eat there again but definitely not worth an hour wait.  Fun and friendly staff, good food selections but just your typical hometown restaurant in Anyplace, USAHow disappointing.  My Hunnie, always the planner, called the establishment on Wednesday to make reservations and was told none could be made. We arrive early, wait in line that was short when we arrived but miraculously grew as we stood. We get inside and are told, "we can put you on the list but we don't know how long it will be because we have reservations. " My Hunnie, looks, "I called Wednesday and was told no reservations could be made." The hostess says, "the owner made these reservations. " We left. The staff was rude and unprepared to deal with the day. We always try to support black businesses but this makes it hard. It's not uncommon to be reservation only on a day like today but don't set it up to mess with people's plans. Now its Mother's Day and finding another place without a reservation will be a task. So instead of relaxing on my day off, I'll be watching him stress to give me the day he had planned.So my friends are a married couple. She is leaving tonight to go to Cannes for the film festival. She is a chef. She will be gone for three weeks. We they invited me to go to dinner with them last night for her last night here and it was the worst experience at a restaurant ever. We are all three in the service industry and know that what we saw in that restaurant last night was unacceptable. 
We waited about 10 min for a table which wasn't bad given how busy they were. They sat the three of us at an 8 top. Then they sat a couple at the same table with us without even letting us know we were going to be at a community table. It took ten min for our server to even greet us and that was AFTER he greeted the couple that was sat at our table AFTER us. And he told us he'd be right back after he put their order in!! He could have went ahead and got our order at the same time and put them both in. Just treat us as a 5 top instead of two separate tables. then he came back like five min later and took our order. We gave him everything, drinks, apps, entree's. Then we sat there for 30 more min without him ever even coming back to the table to soothe us. WE NEVER EVEN GOT DRINKS in that 30 min. I even asked for a water to go with my cocktail and wasn't even brought that. Apparently all the servers do not believe in saying a word to their tables unless they have something in their hand to offer them. Training is very much needed for these servers. 
And the bartenders were acting like they couldn't keep up. So our server was back behind the bar trying to make drinks (as were other servers) because the bar tenders weren't getting them made. And he wasn't doing it properly. We were watching him read the recipe from a card and pouring, not even using jiggers which is definitely a no-no if you aren't a bartender and know how much of something to pour. So you know the drinks were not consistent. And he was not using a strainer to pour the drink after shaking it. Then he just poured the drink from the shaker into a glass using the ice he shook it in!!!!so right there the drink was already dead. Then he sat the drinks aside and left them at the bar to deliver drinks to another two top that was sat long AFTER us. And their drinks looked dead as well. But how are you going to make our drinks then not bring them. It takes less than two minutes for a drink to die. 
Finally we were like at what point do we leave? It's been 30 min since he took our order and we don't even have drinks and when we do get them they are going to be dead and prob not even taste correctly because he was obviously not trained on making drinks. So we got up and left. 
And there was Not a single manager in sight. And servers or bussers had got off work and were sitting at the bar taking up space drinking in uniform smh. I'm a very good server and bartender I know the industry. That is not how you run a place. If you'd like, my friend and I can come back and consult and tell you exactly what you should do to turn the service around in that place. In fact my friend is going to come back and offer his service to you as he is literally the best server in the city and is a consultant for restaurants. 
Oh and one more thing, you're using real candles on the tables rather than oil candles. The candles were scented which is a HUGE NO-NO! Nose receptors and taste buds are connected, that is why you can sometimes taste what something smells like. And also smells can alter the taste of food. So the scented candle would have ruined our meal should we have ever got to try the food. 
To sum it up - we spent almost an hour there. Got there at 8:10 and left at 8:54, was addressed by our server twice, then never spoke to again, never got drinks let alone food.Foods was excellent! Was disappointed that there was ONLY the brunch menu on Sunday's, but otherwise everything was excellent! Food was great, staff is very friendly!My first time and like many new restaurants the hype is just what it is "hype".  The service was good but the food was not impressive. I had the Ocean Delight. The salmon and shrimps had none, zero, absolutely no seasoning.  Cooked well but no taste. The sauce was good. I'm assuming it was assumed that the seafood would soak up the seasoning from the sauce but that wasn't the case. I may give it another chance and order something else. Everyone deserves second chances.Since I've known Morrow's has been open I've been multiple times, trying a different dish each time from the Crab Claws all the way down to the Red Beans, Fried Chicken and Catfish. I guarantee each and every one is cooked to perfection and made with all the love the good people of New Orleans can show you when you visit. This is hands down some of the best New Orleans cuisine you'll find and that's a promise! Morrow's is new on the restaurant scene but is definitely giving these prestigious restaurants a run for they're money.Baby when I tell you this was one of my favorite places I went to while in New Orleans. The staff was inviting and nice. The atmosphere was relaxing. On to the food....AmAzInG. We went there for breakfast. The steak was cooked the exact way we asked. The eggs are so fluffy. The grits and shrimp didn't need any extra salt or pepper. The pancakes were good. Bacon was great. It was worth every dime. Oh and ladies get a mimosa. There is no real parking but there are places to park.It's our new favorite restaurant in NOLA.  We experienced the best charred oysters ever and I had my first Hennessy sidecar which was perfect.  The gumbo was out of this world and the fried chicken would battle the best (please don't tell Willie Mae or Dookie Chase!).  It will be our first stop when we return to NOLA for sure.A delicious food journey worth trying again and again.  The restaurant is a bit small so make sure you plan accordingly or have enough time to wait if there is a wait.  They do not take reservations for groups smaller than six.  Alternatively, you can also eat at the bar - which I did.  Morrow's has a very lively atmosphere with good music playing in the background.   There are several classic New Orlean's dishes, so if you want a Po'Boy, you can have that here, but frankly, try some of the more interesting dishes.  The Morrow's Oysters are fantastic.  They are a take on char-grilled oysters and probably the best ones I have ever had.  My only regret is I ordered six instead of a dozen.  I also ordered the Redfish with a side of Collard​ Greens.  The redfish was delicious. Perfectly prepared with the oscar -style crab on top.  Coupled with the greens, it was outstanding.  If you want something light, try the salads - I had the spinach salad with shrimp and it was a healthy portion.  Like all shrimp salads, I could have used more shrimp but still worth it.  Don't order any dessert except the Peach Cobbler. In fact, start with the Peach Cobbler and then the Oysters! You can't go wrong.  Some others have said that the service they received was slow.  I sat at the bar so perhaps my experience was different, but my bartender, Blair, was as attentive and personable as any I've had in a very long time.Best red beans and rice I've ever had. I've had so many different plates/bowls of red beans and rice and this one literally stopped me in my tracks. Every bite is flavorful and had me scraping the plate at the end of the meal. I added fried chicken as a side to it. Pro move. Will be back ASAP to try everything else on the menu.Had gumbo which was good but too much sausage and not enough seafood. The fried chicken was very good as were the asparagus. The garlic mash potato was so so.
Service was a bit slow but friendly and professional.We waited an hour and a half to get into Morrow's on a Friday night about 7pm.  Once seated our waitress was very pleasant and attentive. We ordered the Dozen of Charbroiled Oysters for an appetizer. Great favor but the oysters were over cooked and very small. A few shells barely had an oyster. We shared the following entrees:  Korean BBQ ribs and Korean rice, Crawfish pasta with a huge piece of fried fish, and a shrimp platter with fires. All three entree hit the delicious meter at a solid 7 out of 10.  We would definitely give Morrows more business. The atmosphere is your typical  laid back New Orleans dining  experience.This was the worst dining experience I have ever encountered. I actually shouldn't even call it a dining experience because we never got our food. We immediately got sat and no one came over for 10 minutes. Once our server came over, we ordered our drinks and food and we waited another 15 minutes before even getting drinks. We thought our food had been put in and in the making, until 45 minutes later we ask where our food is and the server said they are about to start making it now. Needless to say on my vacation I am highly disappointed and would turn anyone away who was interested in going there.Visited on a Saturday around 4:00pm. Limited street parking available but I ended up finding a spot within walking distance down the street. We were able to be seated immediately at a small table for two. For fast seating I suggest going with a small party and earlier in the day. Our waiter, Fernando C, was very informative and professional. He suggested his favorite appetizers and entrees. I took his advice and tried the crawfish bread. This was DELICIOUS! I was disappointed that it was a small amount to be shared by two! Next time I will get this for myself only!! It came with three wedges loaded with cheese and crawfish. I had an Arnold Palmer drink and it was sweet just the way I like it. Easily one of the best I've had.  I had 3 or 4 refills. I ordered the 2pc white fried chicken, red beans and rice, and two corn muffins. My spouse had the fried shrimp platter. Both were hot, fresh, well seasoned, and fantastic. The only negative was the time it took to get the entrees. Our waiter did apologize several times but with the soulful R&B music and lively atmosphere the wait was pleasant. I ordered bread pudding to go. It was good, but not better than Lil Dizzy's bread pudding.  I'm glad I visited for myself despite the negative reviews. I will definitely be back.So today i tried calling to order take out and the lady apparently put me on hold then hung up on me. When i tried calling back it just rang and went to not available. Was trying to give this place a try after someone recommended it but i guess if you can't answer the phone to order take out what's the point.This place is amazing! We had 10 people in the party and everyone enjoyed their food. The wait wasnt to bad for us to get seated. We got there at 630 pm but as it got later in the day alot more people were waiting. 
I ordered the Cajan Crawfish Pasta, simply amazing. Very favorful, noodles had enough sauce and a nice portion. My friend order the fried chicken with greens and mac and cheese. I had a taste of the mac and cheese and it is very delicious. 
The hennessy margarita, OMG! It was very good, first time I try one.
If your in Nola, give this place a try. You wont be disappointed!Went last night and had a good experience with the food and customer service. I ordered the Lenora Pasta and it was great. My boyfriend ordered the crawfish pasta. He enjoyed it, but said it was definitely on the spicy side.MORROWS was great! The bar tender Jimi I believe was his name is little slow...i won't hold it against the establishment...portions exceed price point... great place to dine! Definitely going back...Been here twice and I must say both times I had pretty good customer service and the food was pretty decent.My only complaint is that its waaay toooo loud inside to the point you have to yell to the  waiter to order as well as to the person sit next or across from you.It's almot like you're at a club that serves dinner.The service was amazing and the food was even better! Such a cute place with a great atmosphere. This is definitely my new to go spot, the crawfish pasta is soooo good!Really wasn't expecting it to be as good as it was. But it lives up to the hype. I ordered the crawfish pasta which came with two full size pieces of fried fish on top. I ate half of it and was full and satisfied. Every one at the table tried it and loved it. I got to sample the Korean short ribs that my bf ordered (amazing) I also had the peach cobbler with ice cream (also amazing). Service was good despite how busy it was. Prices are fair for the flavor and quality. Only catch: be prepared to wait. We waited 40 min for a table on a Monday night. And when we left there was a line going out the door.Underwhelming in terms of flavor for some items. Some items are ok. Overwhelming in terms of price for what you get. I want to give this place a chance so maybe the next time I try it the food quality will have improved.This is one of my favorite restaurants in NOLA. Good energy, great vibes, and even better food! I love the Mac & Cheese and Fried Chicken. If you're looking to support black owned business, morrows should be at the top of your list!The food and service from the bar staff were incredible! The bartenders made us feel at home, were super accommodating and made sure we were taken care of. The food is as amazing as the hype so definitely check it out. The hostesses need customer service training. They seemed annoyed that we still wanted to be put on the long waitlist but we're from outta town and it was a must on our list so sorry your restaurant is so popular . I'd definitely visit them again on my next trip to NOLA but I'll make a reservation first lol.Amazing. Best soul food thus far in Nola. Great atmosphere, fantastic food, and service with a smile. Will be coming back.You have to come here! Food was outstanding. We had the BBQ shrimp, Sesame Ginger wings, and Crab Legs to start. The BBQ shrimp was out of this world. We then tried the Ocean Delight- pictured below. 10/10 experience. The music was awesome too! Friendly staff. Will DEF be back here.First, I'd like to say that I love to take any opportunity to support black owned businesses, especially in gentrified areas of the city. However, I probably won't be supporting this business with my hard earned money in the future unless some significant changes are made. 
My husband and I looked forward to dining here after following on social media, as the food looked delicious and the ambiance seemed nice. The food was good, but not great for the prices. The oysters were good, but small, and I had to continually remove shell fragments with every bite. The shrimp was under seasoned but the fries were great. The fried chicken was cooked well but definitely needs seasoning, as do the sides.
My main concern was the service. We came while the restaurant was almost empty, were greeted with a smile and received our drinks and appetizers in a timely manner. However the restaurant quickly became busy with large parties, which were then prioritized. They came, were served, and left all while we were still waiting for our entrees for over an hour. Our server was kind and apologized profusely but there was no floor manager in sight trying to rectify the poor experience. The owner came in, spoke only to those he knew and went straight back to the kitchen. The staff were in a corner talking during down time and seemed annoyed and uninterested in being hospitable to the customers. 
The owner is known for throwing events at clubs and catering to celebrities and personal friends, but this is a restaurant, not a club with VIP treatment. All money is equal. Check in on ALL of your paying customers - not just those you know. Train your staff and implement a better system to be more organized and consistently hospitable. Invest in expanding to cut down on wait times. Love the look and feel, but definitely left feeling disappointed.We were really looking forward to this place. However, Morrow's ultimately was a miss for us, sadly. The chargrilled oysters were enjoyable, the music created a nice vibe, but... After waiting more than 40 minutes for our ordered drinks and entree, we grew weary and annoyed; we asked for the bill for the oysters, paid and left. The staff was friendly but inattentive. We said why we were leaving and the staff was unbothered - clearly our patronage wasn't important.Anytime I'm in this city, I'll be at this place! Atmosphere is amazing, decor is dope, and the food is freaking phenomenal! I highly recommend this restaurant. And the chargrilled oysters are amazing!!!Food is excellent. Great presentation and portions are perfect for filling but not over stuffed. Enjoyed 3 courses and was satisfied with the flavors. Service was not 5 star but I feel as though we are harder on our own people than necessary. She did the best that she could and the other servers were more than happy to pitch in which let me know that teamwork is on point here. 
Definitely will make this a regular spot.Found a hair in my food the other day. I was nice and told the waitress. She removed my plate and brought me another, no questions asked. I'm thinking, this is awesome. Then I got charged for both. I questioned it and was told to pay or they will call the cops. Won't be going backMy sister had received recommendations for Morrows from a good friend and was sold on us visiting. We were told that we couldn't make reservations but when we arrived we didn't have to wait long.
I wanted fried chicken again and ordered the mustard greens, Mac and cheese and yams.
The presentation was very nice. I was excited to get my food. 
Fried chicken- less than average. The seasoning was lacking and it was really just meh.
Mac and cheese- also less than average . The noodles are way too large in my opinion and the cheese sauce was just kind of thin (on the middle part ). There was a thick coating of cheese on the outside. 
Mustard greens- it was my first time having them and my friend didn't think i would like them. She thought that mustard greens from her experience were very bitter. I'm so glad that i didn't listen. These were one of the best things i had there. They were very tender and flavorful. And they tasted almost buttery which was strange but good. They were really delicious!
Yams- delicious. Sweet and cooked perfectly! 
Thai chili wings- average. 
My sister ordered the seafood pasta dish and i tasted a bit. Very very good! The cream sauce was rich and creamy and the seafood cooked to perfection.
I also tasted the Korean beef and thought that was Tasty.
Our service was very sloppy. Our waiter was nice but we found ourselves waiting very long for food, having to ask for things multiple times.
I was excited to visit a BOB while in town but it wasn't my favorite meal.
The ambiance was nice. 
Due to the inconsistency with my meal and the poor service, i would not return.Morrow's is the new hot minority owned restaurant in the city. Its menu is similar to but more expensive than Neyows with the exception of the Korean food items which I should have ordered. I came in with my parents and I ordered a round of charbroiled oysters that my mother for some reason wanted on her own plate, by asking for that they brought out 2 dozen oysters when I only wanted one. My mother often confuses servers with erroneous asks and this inexperienced serving krewe was bound to mess up her order. The oysters themselves were excellent though, perfect size and perfectly cooked. For entrees my dad ordered an oyster poboy and it was really bad, over breaded oysters with no taste on untoasted bun like bread. I had the gumbo which I found to be ok at best, its an okra gumbo which was a surprise but outside a crab leg it had little to no ingredients. My mom just had the crab claws which were big, fat and excellent. Morrow's is a place where you have to order what this place specializes in, soul food and Korean soul food, dont come here trying to order things that you know you can find better elsewhere, you will be disappointed. Go with the charbroiled oysters then find something exotic and I bet you will be satisfied.We had a 1 hour wait. However , the Host Taylor was very kind . She was very polite to my Husband and I . We sat at the Bar . The Bartender Blair was good . The food was excellent. We will return soon. We visited on  10-5-2018 .This place is amazing. Everything in the menu is delicious. If you get the barbecue shrimp, ask for a ton of extra bread. The sauce is too good to waste.Food was excellent, hands down. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. I got the ocean delight. It was so delicious. BUT the service was horrible. Took forever for the food to come out, and when it finally arrived, it was cold. If the service was better, I would be back here regularly.We popped in from our nearby AirBnB during what I think was their opening weekend.  Lots of folks a bit dressed up for dinner.  We posted up at the bar, dropped our straightforward order all at once, and enjoyed things as they came out.  The staff was definitely still working out the kinks, so would recommend coming off peak, small group and keep it fairly simple for a solid experience.  Will be interesting to see how it works out going forward - pioneering a bit in this part of town and has a bright future.Morrow's is a neighborhood spot with a ton of class, ambience, and great food. The staff is friendly, attentive, and courteous. The bar staff was fun and provided great conversation.
The crawfish pasta is without a doubt one of the best dishes in NOLA. Full of flavor and crawfish and flanked by two pieces of fried catfish and a piece of bread, you will not leave hungry. The sauce is delicious and makes you want to dip your napkin in and eat it, just to make sure you didn't waste any of it.
Prices are reasonable and the staff is great. Definitely check this place out and order the Crawfish pasta, it's absolutely delicious and you'll regret it if you don't. See you next time, Morrow's. Y'all are the best!Wasn't really hungry so I grabbed the Asian wings and a small bowl of rice and beans. Everything was fantastic. Bartender was very friendly and attentive.Sooooo glad I FINALLY got to try this place. I didn't get a chance to with my last visit to NOLA. Came here the Friday before Mardi Gras during happy hour. I ordered a very delicious rum punch and the cajun crawfish pasta. The pasta was honestly the best I've ever had and it comes topped with catfish. I highly highly recommend!First and last time here. It started off really good! The waiter was friendly and the drinks and appetizers were good, but then we sat there for over an hour waiting on our food. When we complained, the manager didn't really care. She never came back to apologize or anything. When the waiter came back, we decided to cancel our order. Then he said they were coming our whole order. When we got up to leave, he then said we just have to pay for our drinks. Then it changed to the drinks and appetizers but the entrees would be free. It was not a good experience for my first New Orleans restaurant.We stopped in for dinner yesterday evening about 5ish ...gor starters the door handle was to be pulled up to enter...I didn't know this so the young woman at the front watched me wrestling with the door then montioned for me to pull up not down we get inside 4 of us, ask for a table and we're told there were none and it was going to be about 30-45 mins...we said ok but looking around we saw a booth and a table with 4 seats right in front...we asked if we could have the booth she said no it seats six people.... I asked what the odds were on six folks coming in and she said you never know ....so lastly she told us that they don't have a waiting area so we needed to wait outside .....after that we left....I will never ever go here againThe food today was awesome. Kassi was a great hostess. The place was loud, but that's ok with all of the celebrations. It's great for Happy Hour.I would give this place zero if I could. My party of 12 came in and we were told that that could not accommodate a group of 10. We said fine and we were ok with splitting up our party. They said they refused to split up our party. So they will not be getting our business. If you don't want to profit off of a party of 12 adults that is beyond me.Came here for a friends birthday dinner. The food was amazing! And the staff was super friendly and relatable. I made a song request when they were closing and they were HAPPY to play the song for us.Visited Morrows today and the food was pretty good. I got the charbroiled oysters which were DELICIOUS and the redfish Acadia ?? It was good but VERY salty. 
The Mac and cheese was on the mediocre side. The food was good but it is a bit OVER RATED!Great to see new life come to the old neighborhood. Love the location and the food at Morrow's. Ordered the red beans and fried, a Monday staple in New Orleans. The chicken was absolutely amazing, and the red beans were fantastic. Beautiful restaurant with a friendly wait staff and it was refreshing to see the owner greeting customers and accepting feedback. Will return to try a number of items on the menu.I give this place 3 stars because while most of the food we tried was delicious, the 2 times I've been the service was subpar. 
If you are in any sort of a rush, this is not your place and I don't really recommend it for larger parties, though they were able to accommodate my group of 9 for a birthday. 
Service
We had been seated for about 5mins or longer before anyone came to take our drink orders. When they came back with the drinks, they were often just sat wherever and we had to reach for them to hand them to the receiving party instead of the server asking us to hand it to them. Our food orders were taken and it they got everything right. There was very little prebussing happening leaving a lot of empty plates or plates with napkins scattered throuought. We had to flag down our server and other servers on a couple occasions for refills on drinks, salad dressing for salad, etc. 
At the end of the evening, we were ready to go but had not seen our server for over 10-15mins to request a check and the birthday cake/song. We ended having to get another server to bring the cake and sing. When he came out singing, magically, our server appeared to help him finish the song. We told her we needed 2 checks for the table and it took another almost 10mins to close out. 
It seemed a bit like the server didn't really care about the service she provided because she new that she was charging a gratuity anyway. It frustrates me because as a person that has been a server, she cobuild have done better and would have gotten  better than an 18% gratuity added tip. But for lack of her effort, she got the minimum she was allowed to charge us.
Food
The food was very good. 
- Crawfish Pasta. My husband loves the Crawfish Pasta. It's a little spicey so if you don't do spicy, it may not  e for you. It comes with 2 crispy fried catfish on top.
- Glazed Salmon. I had the glazed salmon and subbed the rice for the gacrlic potatoes. The fish tasted very fresh and was seasoned and glazed perfectly. The people at my table that tried it also loved it. The potatoes were also delicious.
- Chargrilled Oysters. These had ok flavor but the seasoning was not evenly distributed across the oysters and I feel like some were dried out and some were not cooked long enough. They were also VERY large, so that may have also played a part. I probably wouldn't recommend ordering the Chargrilled oysters here but the raw ones may be fine. 
- Steak. The person that got the steak at our table greatly enjoyed it. 
- Previously, I had the redfish with crab meat and it was just ok. The redfish seemed a bit bland and the crab meat gave it a little flavor. 
Drinks
The adult drinks I'm told were excellent. Also the mocktails were dressed beautifully and tasted delicious as well.
If I go back, it will be for carryout only.Everything about Morrow's is good. The food is delicious. Staff are friendly and accurate. As with everything, there is room for improvement. 
My party of 3 visited Mon Jul 9th 2018. We thought, incorrectly, that Essence visitors had gone home... They were still in town... LOL.. We waited about 3 hours to get seated, and only @ the bar; 10pm. The owners, Larry & sister Lenora were very welcoming and grateful to us for waiting withOUT frowns. Many folks had worked themselves into a tizzy during the lengthy wait for a seat. As folks exited, we heard them all say, they too, had waited 2+ hours for a seat, but that the food and experience were worth the wait....  We agreed; it was worth the wait. 
We ordered gumbo, Lenora Shrimp Pasta & the Large seafood platter (can't remember the name) & a few mixed drinks. Gumbo was "On-Point" & so was the garlic bread served w/it... The shrimp pasta was excellent, they did NOT skimp on the cream sauce or shrimp. The seafood platter was loaded and tasty; could have used a bit more spice for me and wasn't pipping hot. The atmosphere was great too... Our server (chic w/long cornrows) was friendly and accurate. Corey, our bartender was also good... 
I would certainly visit again... Actually later this week, when for sure, the large crowds have gone home. While my brother is still in town, we're bringing our mom... LOL..OMG!!! Is all I can say about this place! All I can say is kudos EVERYTHING was awesome about this place. Also, Elliott was a sweet heart, he made sure we were well taken cared of! Thank you sooo muchHad lunch here for the first time and left full and very happy. The pasta with the crawfish cream sauce and a couple of fried catfish strips on top couldn't have been better!Went to Morrow's with a group of friends to celebrate my birthday. I had high hopes and was excited to try this place out but it ended up being one of the worst dining experiences I've had in a long time. One of my friends arrived early to get a table at 7. We were told it would be an hour and a half wait. We were sat at 8:40 and greeted by our waiter. We placed drink orders which took between 20-30 minutes because they did not come out together. One of my friends never received her drink and was told that another server stole it and took it to another table. We were confused as to why the drink wasn't immediately replaced if our server was aware of this. We placed appetizer and entree orders soon after. 20 minutes after placing our orders we were told they ran out of salmon, which was fine because it was a busy night. Nearly another 30 minutes after this our server returns to tell me they are out of rib eyes. So almost an hour after placing our order I had to choose something else. There's no way out food should've just been rang in at this point, we should have been notified of the items that were 86 way sooner and should've been eating by the time I had to order again. Our drinks were only refilled by request of another employee who was running food. This employee definitely picked up our servers slack, refilling drinks and bringing silverware and napkins out. When our entrees finally came out everything came out separately with gaps in between. Some guest were finished eating at our table by the time others received their food. My reddish arrived with no etoufee topping and I was told it would be right out. 20 minutes later I'm sitting with a plain piece of fish that is now cold and still no topping. Our server took my plate back and returned it with the same cold piece of fish and lukewarm topping. Another employee returned and I expressed my dissatisfaction. She grabbed the manager who then returned it a fresh plate that was hot like I expected the first time. The manager gave us a free round of drinks and half off our meal but it took almost an hour to receive our checks. I had high hopes for this place but spending 3 and a half hours here definitely put a damper on my birthday festivities. Hopefully they can improve their service because the food is good and the place has a lot of potential.I went with boyfriend for a tome out to relax. Our waitress was very nice a sweet and our bartender knew how to make a Cosmo. My favorite was the crabmeat oysters ... tooo die for ..Ambiance is awesome.  Food is good. Drinks are good.  Always a good play list and nice vibe the times I've been.  I think NOLA needed this type of restaurant.I was pleasantly surprised. Didn't know what to expect as there was so much hype behind this restaurant and I didn't want to be disappointed. But wow!!! Service was slow, especially for the restaurant not to be packed...but we were drinking so it didn't matter. That's a good place to start... drinks!!! FELL.IN.LOVE. Hennessy margaritas were my go-to and we kept them coming! Crawfish bread for the appetizer was so yummy..I think we ordered about 4 more! Pasta, fried seafood, and fish were all hot, flavorful, and satisfying! Dessert was the biggest disappointment but another drink made up for that! Definitely smaller than I expected but cute and lots of fun! Will definitely be back. Happy to support this black-owned business. Job well done.I wanted to try this restaurant for my birthday (July 24) but was unable to because right before I arrived Drake showed up and shut the restaurant down. I tried again a few weeks later and the hostess notified us that they were not taking anymore customers for the rest of the night. However, on my third attempt which was last week I was successful. It was really good! I had the Cajun Crawfish Pasta which was very well seasoned! I also had some macaroni and cheese and chargrilled oysters and they were both great. One thing I did not like was how the owner did not come around asking us about the service or welcoming us to the restaurant like other owners/managers do at other restaurants. He just walked right passed us. The restaurant is VERY small so it makes sense why there is always a long wait! Overall I enjoyed it. I would go back. I am all about supporting black businesses.MOST HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE IN NEW ORLEANS! EXTREMELY RUDE STAFF. We were celebrating my birthday (party of 4), walked in and the hostess was very rude when telling us our wait time is 2 hours. We asked about sitting at the bar and she very unwillingly told us it's first come first serve. We snagged a seat at the bar and it took over 30 min. for the bartender to even acknowledge our presence. We asked for a menu and he brought us one. We asked for more since we were a party of 4 and he had an attitude and started making smart slick comments under his breath. After we received our drinks, we noticed the other workers gossiping and talking about us. I have never felt like that EVER at a restaurant. We ordered the oysters and there was grit! I was so uncomfortable and upset we asked for our check instead of a manager. I will NEVER return here!I'll start off by saying the menu itself has plenty of dishes to choose from. If you find yourself starring at the menu and can't choose just ask the waiter/waitress for recommendations. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable of all items on the menu. The atmosphere is a comfortable environment with average amount of seating. All of the bartenders mix really good drinks. Restaurant is in the Marigny/ by water area with street parking. If you find yourself circling the block with hesitation of parking don't be.Food was great so was the service , It was just very loud Couldn't really have a conversation without screaming to each other besides that I would still go back I thinkHad a party of 3 and was told it would be a 2 hour wait. After 3 and a half hours we still hadn't been seated. With no apologies from the staff and/or glimpse of hope that we would be seated soon. The management needs to improve their system so people do not have to wait outside in the heat for hours before they can eat. Celebrities were able to walk in and out as the pleased which also impacted the time we had to wait. Disappointed and will not try to dine here again.This restaurant is really good but it's not the biggest establishment so I've never been here without having to wait over an hour. Definitely would visit when it isn't an event going on in the city.Everything about this place was on point. For starters the waitress was attentive, friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. The space was a little small but just right, we got there at a good time. A bit chilly but the atmosphere was awesome, people chatting amongst themselves and nice house music to fit the mood. We sat at the bar, Blair was cool she was busy but attentive,  checked on is, made small talk and kept the drinks coming. We had every Happy Hour drink except the "old fashion" will try next time. 
The oysters were to die for, it could have been just a meal because they were fulfilling. I ordered the crawfish pasta and my friend ordered the seafood platter. Seasoning was perfecto, a bit too much batter on the oysters but they didnt make or break the experience. 
Atmosphere was awesome, bathrooms clean and kitchen away from the seating area. We even got serananed by one, yes "1" host that lit up the place for someone's birthday. 
I am not disappointed and will definitely be back with the ladies to enjoy more of the Morrow experience, to add to the story.I'm not a brunch lover. I'll go back when it's not brunch. Will definitely try the chargrilled oystersI've been here a couple of times and the service is pretty consistently the same. Always busy and a long wait. You're probably going to see someone "famous" while you dine I always end up sitting at the bar. Bartenders are always in great spirits and make great drinks. I prefer the "regular" menu over the brunch menu. The food here is good not too bold not too bland. Flavors are always just right in my opinion.Two words: ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!!! I ordered the steak and eggs with sweet potato pancakes on the side. Yes, I know that's excessive but honestly the entire food menu looked amazing, I couldn't decide. Let me reverse and start with the arrival. The place is definitely packed for brunch! Our original wait was over an hour but we decided to eat at the bar because there were enough seats for our party. The bartender was so nice (I can't believe I forgot his name) and helpful with recommendations and always making sure we were satsified with our drinks and entree's. The music was a great vibe also. It really felt so peaceful to be in a black owned space with such a modern yet 90s feel to it. Now back to the food, SO GOOD. The pancakes literally melted in my mouth. The flavor of the sweet potato was one I've never experienced before. There seemed to be some sort of cream cheese or cream idk but WOW. SO GOOD. the steak and eggs was also delicious. The eggs weren't over cooked & scrambled, they tasted like textbook Gordon Ramsey. Would I ever come back here? OF COURSE. How much was the ? EXTREMELY REASONABLE.
I almost forgot that I also ordered the chargrilled oysters. OH. MY. GOSH. They were charred to perfection! There was light later of cheese and a nice clump of crab meat making them honestly the best I've had. This is a must try menu item if oysters are your thing.Great find on Saint Claude. The food and drink were fantastic - try their Bloody Mary and Po Boys. Carli, behind the bar, was amazing!We went here last night hoping to get a true taste of New Orleans. The atmosphere seemed very lively and high energy. Initially, the restaurant was too busy with reservations so we opted to order Togo from the bar so that we could enjoy what we heard was a pretty good food option. Unfortunately, I would never know! After attempting to order my food 3-4 times with multiple interruptions and the bartender leaving me to assist other people I finally placed my order. We waited 25-30 minutes for the food for our friends food. After 40 minutes of waiting the bartender told us they were plating our food. He then went back after another 15 minutes and still returned without the food he said was already being plated. After my friends went to the car to eat and we still did not get our food we decided to cancel our order. 
When so asked to cancel the bartender did not apologize for the delay or complete my request. He printed a copy of the ticket and disappeared into the kitchen making us wait another 5-7 minutes. I then asked the other bartender to complete my cancellation and she smirked and said 45 minutes is not that long. I explained I personally have overseen successful restaurants and 40 minutes is a long time when everyone else who has arrived after had their orders fulfilled and left already.  After going back and forth they rushed our food out but at that point I didn't want it and demanded a refund. Rather than an apology or the manager speaking with us about our experience they acted as if we were the issue and immediately began to complain to each other and customers about us as if we did something wrong by expecting better service. I will never eat here and do not recommend this place due to bad customer service and lack of care for the people that support their business. My meal was as $75 and for those prices I would expect better. I didn't order off a dollar menu.I came to Morrows with high expectations and they did not really meet any of them.   First of all the wait time for food was really long here; I waited an hour and a half to be seated.   Once I was seated with my party it took a while to get silverware and napkins for my full table.    Our server had a hard time getting orders right throughout the night and was bringing out the wrong meal.   I almost was able to overlook these issues until it came time for me to get my entree.  I ordered the Morrows Fried Chicken with a side of onion rings and the baked Macaroni and cheese.   The chicken was good but it tasted like chicken you would get from a gas station.  The macaroni and cheese was alright, it tasted more like Kraft to me and not something prepared at s restaurant.   The onion rings were good.    I also ordered a dessert and got the peach cobbler and I could have went to Walmart and got Patti Labelle's and it would have been better.  My last big issue was when it came time to get our check to leave, it took the server an hour plus to give us our tickets and also kept asking what each person ordered.   If it had not been that I was there for a birthday dinner for one of my closest friends I would have not came to this restaurant and I know on my next  visit to the Big Easy I will definitely skip this place to satisfy my appetite.OVERRATED. I don't get the social media hype behind the place. Don't get me wrong it's not bad at all, but not great. Just average. The dining area is very small and cramped. The decor and atmosphere isn't anything special. The food was a bit bland...being that it is owned by a local I was expecting a lot more. Maybe if I hadn't gone in with such high expectations based off the hype on social media this review would have been different, but I'm definitely not in a rush to go back anytime soon.First time coming here! I'm from Houston and the gentleman at my hotel recommended this place. The food was great! Definitely recommend the Cajun crawfish pasta, fried chicken with Baked Mac and cheese and braised cabbage. We also ordered a side of cornbread. Quite Tasty! Miesha was our server! She was superb!You really have so many choices to get great food in NOLA and I have a selective palate when it comes to seafood and I must say without hesitation that this is one of the best places to dine or sit bar side. I had the salmon with garlic mashed potatoes and homemade baked Mac n Cheese. Omg it was delicious. My friend had red beans and rice and fried chicken. Both entrees were served hot temperatures and so savory that you would salivate after each bite. It receives extensive applause and positive rhetoric after my experience. The cocktails are tasty and with a kick. Staff was friendly and I cannot wait to return. Ask for Nicole or Corey at the baGot there around lunch time, and I wasn't disappointed at all. We were seated right away. The ambiance of the place is perfect, I liked hearing hip hop music and the place looked very aesthetic/clean! They had the Saints game on, so I imagine it would also be a nice place to grab a drink at night/in the evening. The waitress was friendly and the food surpassed my expectations. Ordered the shrimp and grits off the brunch menu)
I would only say that the prices are a little up there, but it's what you should expect in a restaurant of this caliber! I definitely would want to come back and try some of their other "cajun" style dishes.WARNING: this is a long but well worth the read. 
This experience was by far one of the most interesting experiences I've had a restaurant. To start, my party of 5 was estimated a wait time of 2 hours and 15 minutes (at the worst, per hostess). Trying to be optimistic and support a black owned business I persuaded my very hungry family to wait (thinking that the wait would go by quickly). Fast forward to about 45 minutes later I politely ask the hostess about how much longer our wait would be (not knowing that I could check the link that was texted to me). She sarcastically replies to me, "well, I quoted you 2 hours and 15 minutes and you've only waited 33". Mind you, my family and I waited those 33 minutes in the hot, humid sun with a 3 month old baby after being kicked out of the restaurant so the "fire marshals wouldn't come like last time". Anyways, we continued to wait and wait and wait. During this 2 hour wait we witnessed multiple parties being seated before us, as well as parties that were not completely present. Needless to say, we were quite perturbed. As we're finally being seated, we were sat at a table at the very back of the restaurant right by the kitchen and restrooms - a high traffic area. We requested to be moved to another table and received a snarky attitude from the hostess and the "manager"
She was accompanied with. Now this is the kicker! As were sitting the lady "manager" LENORA continues to speak with her coworkers about someone in my party. When confronted, she lies by saying that she wasn't saying anything and saying that we came in with an "attitude". Dear lady "manager", whether we had an attitude or not as someone working in business, hood rat tendencies should be left in the hood. 
Since I'm a person of fairness, I'll leave this review with some positivity. Our waiter, Fernandez, was excellent! He was timely, funny, and personable. If I come back it would solely be because of him. Also, the food was good. Not worth the wait, but good. You could literally find food like this at Neyow's or New Orleans Food and Spirit. 
"Morrow of the story": if you want to dine here, don't be in a rush and don't expect to be treated extremely nice unless you're a friend of the owner, or a local NOLA celebrity.
Edit: I wrote this before the food actually came out. The was not good. It came out cold and looked as if it had been picked over. Would not eat here again.So I came to town from Indianapolis Indiana and everyone kept talking about Morrows. From the lady at the rental car counter to other people. We tried it and it was absolutely delicious. We met Larry Morrow in person. He is a true gem. I had the fried chicken with mashed potatoes and braised cabbage. I also had the chargrilled oysters that were delicious. 
I highly recommend it. Our server was excellent as well very attentive.Have you ever had great food, libations, music, customer service and laughs?
Now have you had them all in one experience??
THIS is the place for it! 
From the moment we walked in, it felt like family! It was just what we needed for our quick get-away to the city!
Even when they had to correct us for us moving a chair, they did it in a way that we didn't even realize we had done something wrong!
I loved the energy our waitress brought to the table! TIP HER WELL!!!
I'll be back soon!I've been here 3 or 4 times at this point. They consistently have good food, slow service and a great playlist.I got the Red Fish and grits and I was wowed! Everything about it was delicious, from the taste to the presentation, and I even had some to take with me. I will definitely be back!Morrow's was such a lovely place. Entering we were greeted by the lovely hostess, we sat at the bar so we would have to wait long but Corey was a great bartender. He was very nice and professional. Entertained all his guest while still doing his job. Food was amazing and mimosas were great too. Morrow's has such a nice atmosphere and I can't wait to come backWe stopped in for lunch on a work day and the place was packed. We had the choice of waiting 30 to 45 minutes for a table to open up or just eat at the bar. We ate at the bar.
This restaurant is lovely with a really cool vibe. There was a lot of hustle and bustle happening and it felt like the place was really special. We started with a order of stuffed mushrooms and for my entree I got the grilled chicken with onion rings and a side of red beans.
The stuffed mushrooms were beyond great! I could have eaten way more than just one and a half. My grilled chicken was cooked perfectly, juicy and spiced well. The red beans and rice tasted like home made and had a little bit of meat in them that made them just perfect. The onion rings were just okay. I'm pretty picky when it comes to onion rings and, with these, the batter fell off of them before I had a chance to eat them. They were still pretty good, but I've had better.
The staff was super friendly and checked on us regularly to make sure that we were happy and had everything we needed. If I got back, I'm going to leave some "wait time", so that I can sit at a table instead of the bar.Best service. The people were so friendly! 
We ordered the shrimp po boy and fried chicken. 
It was the best southern fried chicken I have ever had. We were visiting from out of town and thanks to yelp- we found this gem. 
Parking was a little funky but we told all our friends , if you are in NOLA you have
To go to Morrows. 
Made us feel welcome and treated us with such kindness.Food-5
Ambience-5
Service-4
Everybody raves about how good this place is, and so I was skeptical about all the hype. Well let me tell you, it lives up to the hype! We came here for my friend's birthday, and they don't take reservations, so she came earlier than the rest of use so we all wouldn't have to wait outside. There isn't much wiggle room for a people to wait around. 
The wait was worth it though (and expected). Once we got seated we all go drinks since it was a celebratory night. Some drinks were strong, others weren't but good thing we didn't come just for the drinks. I got the seafood pasta which was the most expensive, but it was the most delicious!! I was so happy that I had some for leftovers because it was even better the next day! Just thinking about it makes want to take a visit back here!
Our service was kind of weird. I waiter was very sarcastic in a sorta kinda funny way? I didn't really get his humor at first so it was a little irritating at the beginning but once we caught on we really enjoyed him! 
I always feel good when I can give my money to a black owned business, so that made the experience that much better!It was a busy Friday night but service was fast and friendly. Food was delicious. Worth the wait. Had the BBQ shrimp. Yum. We will def be back.We visited Morrow's for V Day Lunch. Food was delicious! Large portions and very flavorful..We will return.Come during happy hour and get the rum punch. The Marrow's fried chicken was phenomenal. I had the macaroni & red beans  on the side both were well done. The music & vibe alone make it worth the trip. If I'm ever in New Orleans again, this place will be on my list.This place was recommended to us by several locals on our visit so we decided to give it a try. We tried calling in advance to see if we could make a reservation but no one ever answered our calls. We even left a voice message and still no response. 
Thankfully, our wait time was very short. We happened to arrive right before a major rush of people. Our server was a nice guy but it took about 45 mins for us to get our food and he only stopped by once to tell us it was on its way. Every other time he just cruised past our table. 
In the end, we stayed and remained patient because we heard the food was everything and we realized most of the tables around us didn't have food either. 
When the food did finally arrive it was really good and the portion sizes were huge. We ordered their fried chicken, grilled redfish with crab meat and the shrimp pasta. We had side dishes of Mac and cheese, salads, and mash potatoes. All the food was really really good. 
I would say I'd come again but that 45 min wait is excruciating when you're hungry and ready to attack whatever hits the table.So we were wondering why the restaurant has three stars and now I know. The customer service is a little harsh and abrasive. They don't care much about reviews. It's somewhat pricey and the food was actually average. For each item we purchased I can name two other restaurants, food truck or guy with a grill who does it better. The atmosphere was really cool and Corey at the bar was a nice guy. The presentation of the food was together. 
Not sure what the hype was the one thing we appreciated was happy hour 4-7 and the $5 drinks. Not in a rush to return.Exquisite food! Great service! Amazing people! Be sure you get the chargrilled oysters and the brownie ala mode! Up and coming new restaurant. Is the best food I've had yet!my red beans & rice with the sausage on the side was well prepared, smoked & balanced perfectly between the amount of beans & rice. i came to this restaurant on a saturday afternoon with my friend. my dish was $11 & gratuity here is included!! which is cool.
it was busy in here, only thing i would say is it is on the pricey side so be prepared to spend between $25-$30 on average if you want a good time.My family and I dined in celebration of my birthday. We were extremely disappointed when told that we wouldn't be able to bring in my birthday cake.(Good thing we didn't Uber and was able to leave it back in the car). I'm guessing this is some sort of way to prompt you to purchase a $9 dessert with the "complementary" lit sparkler instead $$$. Then, the cocktail menu was short and overpriced. I came ready to DRINK & SPEND (it is my birthday of course!), but I also want to get my money's worth. The drinks were good in flavor but extremely low on alcohol. I'm not a heavy drinker so it doesn't take much for me. I was expecting at the least to have some sort of a buzz. Our server was GREAT!!! The food was tasty, portions were small (when compared to other New Orleans restaurants), but satisfying, I suppose. So, I give 3 stars for my overall experience.By far the best dining experience I've had in New Orleans. The owner Larry Morrow is extremely hospitable and meticulous about the guest experience.
Now for the food, it's impeccable. All your Louisiana favorites and more. Even a picky eater such as myself found a multitude of options.
Also big shoutout to the bartender Diamond who is amazing! She brought so much positive energy and good vibes all night.I celebrated my 29th birthday here. We had an amazing experience!! The owner went out his way to make sure I had a great time. The food was sooooo good!
I literally feel like they have the best Chargrilled oysters in the city..hands down! I highly recommend that you visit.
Sidenote: they have a really amazing playlist as well.Literally, everything was fantastic. Totally worth the wait. The service was good and the food was just amazing. Definitely check out if you're in New OrleansHad the Hennessy margarita and pasta lenora  everything was perfect. It's the pasta you think about when you say "I want shrimp pasta" mmm mmm! Definitely recommendPositives: Highly recommend by the locals, overall mature and inviting atmosphere. 
Negatives: Excessive wait times for staple items and salads.  Core items should not take approximately 40 minutes to arrive to the table. This is indicative of a poorly run operation as the eatery was less than half full. I'd hate to know what the wait time is when more patrons are present. 
Overall: Mediocre service and mediocre meals.Sat down at the bar about 3:30 in the afternoon.  The 4 or so workers behind the bar pretty much ignored me.  I was about to walk when another girl came behind the bar and asked me what I'd like so I got a beer and a menu with the intention of ordering some food.  About ten minutes go by till I finish my beer while getting ignored by waitstaff.  At that point I was out.  Then I had to ask somebody how much my beer cost.  Dropped the cash on the bar and walked out. NEVER had such lousy service in my life.
Maybe they don't like to serve white people since I was the only white guy in there.  I don't like to think that way but that's how it felt.Food really was amazing..I even loved they gumbo and I never eat gumbo at restaurant because I'm from New Orleans ..have to try the oysters and crawfish pastaI came here last night, September 23rd and the entire experience was amazing. The oysters were great, rice and beans with fried chicken was to die for. Everything was perfectly seasoned. 
Marlon the bartender was amazing. He served us great drinks and was really down to earth. 
If you want great food, good vibes, and a overall good experience come here!Morrow's is good as hell. We made the mistake of going to another highly raves place the day before and it was terrible. So we went to Morrow's for Sunday brunch and it was AMAZING!!!!! the shrimp and grits were excellent. The chicken and waffle, honestly everything in there was GREAT!!!! The only downfall was the hostess, she wasn't friendly at all but everything else was amazing.The food is exceptional!! Would give all 5 stars but the wait and the service forbids it.  perhaps some nice benches outside for waiting.
I really wish this place would have the no wait app on yelp so we can get on the list and check in ahead of time. 
Also, The waitr app lets users order and pick up yourself or have it delivered to you--I'd rather do this then have to wait 2hrs. they seem to be doing well enough to invest in participating in that app. 2hrs wait outside in New Orleans heat and humidity is not cute.I came here for lunch one day because my coworker told me is really good for local food. So first things first I didn't read the review as I wanted to see what it was all about since he was taking me there. The parking is quite bad as it's just in a corner with no parking lot, unless subway doesn't care for people using their parking lot. The wait wasn't bad as we was sitting on the bar but the place, as I read reviews after I ate there, is quite small. The ambiance is good with soul music and R&b playing with a clean nice modern look. The was was pretty good as well could not complain. I recommend it and most definitely a place to go for lunch!Yes indeed! I recommend the lettuce wraps and the shrimp platter. You will be so happy !The food was amazing. Service was trash. Just the checking in with table wasn't consistent by waiter. Waited long periods of time for water refill and condiments. He brought check didn't ask if we wanted anything else. At one point I had to ask 2 people for stuff then had to wait and then was told waiter would bring, he came 10 mins after.Amazing staff! Def get the charbroiled oysters and the Cajun catfish Benedict! Soooo yummmy and flavorful!I had the Bayou Red Fish, and instead of the Potato Salad as a side I got the Garlic Mash Potatoes. LOVED IT! Everything was great including service; Derrick was the sweetest! Definitely will be back!!! P.S. If you're going for drinks, I recommend Carlita's Way.. ;)Each time I visit this place I fine a new favorite. I had the grilled redfish for lunch and it was wonderful.   I love this place for happy hour too.  
My only issue with this place is the service is very slow. The prices are reasonable for the new folks that moved into the area, but the portions could be larger.Each time i visit New Orleans i will be eating here! Great staff great waitress and waiters! Great music being played just a great atmosphere! I ordered the crawfish pasta omg DELICIOUS Amazing flavor! The only reason why i rated one less star because i looked up the menu days before arriving to the restaurant had my mouth set in ordering the crawfish etouffe and they don't serve it anymore i was crushed because i wanted that dish so bad and it was still on the menu that should be updated and removed
Okay so i went back last night 5.09.2019 i had to return each time I'm in New Orleans i have to be at morrows!!!! I ordered the chargrilled oysters OMG amazingService was mediocre it was about 10 minutes before they asked us if we wanted any water while we looked over the menu. The hostess came over to us and asked if we'd been helped and got our drink order then the waitress finally came over. We ordered the seafood platter that read feeds 2-3 people but it was soooo much food could easily feed a family of 5. The food was okay but the PEACH COBBLER WAS AMAZING!! If we go back it will be strictly for dessert.Waited more than 2 hours to eat...this place needs to have a 2 hour maximum to sit and eat. People will sit here and enjoy the music for as long as they want. Meanwhile others are waiting to sitdown and eat. Poor managementI waited to try this place out after a few friends informed me about their less than exciting visit.  Well I must agree with them, the visit was just that a visit. We tried the chargrilled oysters, the lump crab claws and the bbq shrimp. We both were very disappointed, the oysters taste like nothing but parmesan cheese, no other seasonings just the darn cheese. Next the crab claws were just that crab claws, they came out in a dish of butter and some parsley flakes again no seasoning. The bbq shrimp were just spicy, we really couldn't enjoy them because of the spice. The positive sides were our waitress and drinks as well as the atmosphere but that will not warrant us to come back for more bland and tasteless food.....Awesome, awesome, awesome. All around. We were warmly greeted by the hostess Imani. Our server Desmond greeted us within a few short minutes upon being seated. Explained the menu and answered all of our questions in detail. Our food came out quickly. The food was amazing- if you don't get those Oysters you're cheating yourself! We also had the French toast, Steak and Eggs, Red Velvet Waffles w/ fried chicken, and Grits  w/ Redfish. We loved it all. While there we also struck up a conversation with Fernando and he was very friendly and helpful. I was so impressed by how well the place was ran especially during a holiday weekend with the Essence Fest crowd. We kept talking about Morrows the rest of the trip. Every time I'm in NO, I will be there!Great food & attentive waitstaff. The Crawfish Etoufee was phenomenal and the Butterfly Chicken served with max&cheese for my daughter was incredibly good as well.This is one of the best places in New Orleans to eat. I'm not a really a foodie but I'm so glad we stopped here. The staff was so friendly. The food was the best I've had. We were in a group of 6 people and we were able to sample a lot of the menu. Everything felt like a must have from their Garlic Oysters to the grilled chicken. I still don't know how they were able to keep the chicken breast so moist. The drinks were not only tasty but effective. It was An amazing experience. Out of all the small restaurants we visited this was hands down my favorite. Definitely a must when in New Orleans.I absolutely  it at Morrow's and I'm 1/2 through my dining experience Mango Mimosas Charbroiled Oysters stuffed with Crab Fried  Chicken Wings Lobster MAC anD Cheese and Red Fish and Grits lmaooo!!! Service great vibe sooooo  NOLAFire food. Fire music. Fire vibe. Definitely a dope spot to go to ANY night of the week. Just overall good energy in this place. Mac and Cheese and garlic mashed potatoes were amazing. CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!!Review from New Yorkers.  Came here with 3 other people on a Thursday night. We heard good reviews but were disappointed in the food and service.
 First things first the wait is super long. Once we were given a table it took about 15 mins before the waiter came over to bring us water and take orders. We placed our orders for our appetizers, the food took a while to come out. Once the appetizers came out the crab claws were good but the wings were COLD. I notified the waiter and she said she would have new fresh wings brought out, however as soon as she walked away wings came out which was kind of weird being that the appetizers initially took forever to come out and the wingers were bearly warm. The second set of wings were ok but they were nothing great. It was jus warm. 
We placed orders for dinners the red beans and rice were really good, chicken was ok. The Cajun crawfish pasta was good. The grilled salmon was good however the initial plate that came out the food was cold so the server had to send it back and have fresh food come out. The second plate that came out was HOT and the rice was good. Our food being cold and warm had us questioning if the food was made to order or if it was already made and just sitting out. 
Overall the service is slow and the food was ok. Wouldn't go back.We came to Morrow's last night for a birthday party. We ended up having 11 people. We got seated right away, the drinks were spot on. They even had made an extra one so gave that to us too (bonus!). I had the bipbimbap. I read earlier reviews that weren't promising, but it was DELICIOUS! I had a bite of the steak and that I will be ordering the next time I go there! We had 2 great servers that did everything right. Everyone who works there was so nice. Owner is a stand up guy and we even got to see TMZ running around following Drake, leave the guy alone to eat. I can see why there would be wait times here as it is a small place, but this is a really great restaurant with amazing food, great service and nice atmosphere... Definitely try it!The atmosphere is casual and they play your favorite R&B jams! The rice bowl is tasty, but am acquired taste, I could taste a hint of sesame oil. The winner for me were the Oyster Morrow, full of juicy crabmeat, garlic butter and FLAVA! I look forward to returning... I want try the Henny Margarita.The sign on the door states closing at 11:00pm. I Arrived at 9:20pm and the front attendant advised no more seating after 9:30pm. My Uber costed us $32.00 to arrive and another 33.00 to catch a Uber back to our hotel off of canal street. Over 60$ in fees to try out this restaurant that was highly recommended. The sign on the door and social media really should advertise closing times at 9:00 pm instead of 11:00 pm.Grilled salmon with brown rice and the house salad was just what I needed - the cocktail named after the owners recently published book "all bets on me" was delicious with cognac and peach schnapps. I look forward to going back and exploring more of the menuThe worst experience across the board! Between the hostess telling patrons to "just go somewhere else" because of the wait (72 minutes) and the waiter completely forgetting he was working while sitting at another table talking to guests for 20 minutes at a time! You name it, and it went wrong. The appetizers came out with the main course because someone took our order to another table. And then the food came out under seasoned and under temperature. They need to hire a more professional staff because this was just unacceptable!Hands down the best restaurant we had while here for an entire week! So good we canceled plans to go back a 2nd time! The gumbo was on point and crawfish étouffée was excellent as well. The ambience and music was pleasant the staff was great! Trust me we tried a lot of places and this was by far the best!!! 
If they ever franchised I'd totally bring this to ChicagoWent during a Sunday afternoon for a nice brunch with friends and left very satisfied! Beautiful black people all around as servers and they were each very helpful. The food was good too. Pancakes= delicious! Chicken=delicious! Hash browns= delicious! The overall atmosphere was just so cute. I definitely recommend this place1st time here and my expectations were high because I've heard so much about this place and have seen the long lines. The service was great, the prices were reasonable, and the food was delicious! I really enjoyed myself and I will be back for more!A group of 10 of us were down for a conference and Morrow's was recommended to us.  We arrived with part of our party with another party a head of us and were able to get two booths and were promised if the other party didn't show by a designated time we would be able to take that table.  They held to their word and moved us from the booths to the table for 10.  The service as awesome and thfood was off the charts. I had the oysters morrow and they were delicious.   If we make it back down soon we will definitely go back for the great food and atmosphere.Food was hella good and hot fast service, will be returning on my next trip to New Orleans! A must try when in townThe chicken lettuce wraps are a must try on the appetizer list. Our waiter was attentive and the food was tasty. The only negative was the short ribs. They were super tough! The flavor was great but it took an act of congress to pull the meat from the bone. They were also on the scrawny side for a main dish. Outside of that, it's worth a try.This place came well recommended and didn't disappoint. In fact it superseded it.  The hospitality was great, the food was great, the environment was great.  I had the gumbo and oysters. Our waiter was Rory, she was was fast,  friendly and courteous.  Everything you want in a waiter and more.  We met the owner Larry who has created a memorable experience in the NOLA. You're cheating yourself if you don't check this place out.This is my second time here. Really cool ambience. Nice vibe. The Henny Rita is so good. The chargrilled oysters were grilled to perfection. My daughter ordered the red beans and rice, she loved it. (She's picky too lol) The service is really good. It's a family establishment.. It's a small establishment but cool for all the feels. It's not a super quiet place, so it's cool for laughter and gathering together. I wouldn't suggest it for large parties.  Definitely worth the wait if necessary!You know when you leave a review something was really good or really bad. In this case, it was really good. The food was amazing and we didn't wait long for the table or the food. A must go!Great food, great ambiance, great customer service. This was my first time in NOLA and I want to make sure I go back just for this place. I had the pasta lenora with grilled chicken and a side of fried chicken. I still dream about it, and it's been at least a week since I've been. The henny Rita is great too. Worth the visit!!!Amazing food! Friendly staff & loved the decor. They absolutely live up to their reputation! Their oysters are amazing, the fried chicken & baked Mac was sooooo good!Very good flavorful food. As an appetizer I had the crab claws which comes ready to eat no cracking shells it's in a garlic sauce which is delicious. My entree was the Cajun pasta with crawfish and two fried catfish fillets on top. Myrie was my waitress and she's very nice friendly and pleasant. The owner/ Head chef happened to be in the restaurant on the day I came and she came to my table and we chatted for a few very pleasant lady and beautiful if I may add. This was the best food I had while in Naw'lin. Come early to beat the crowd. I was the first customer on 8/14/2019Omg! I was too hungry to even get a picture, but Gat damn. I don't know if it was because I hadn't eaten all day, or because the food was so bomb. We had the:
The catfish
The (brown roux) crawfish etouffe
A la carte: 
Baked macaroni
Garlic mashed potatoes
Cabbage  
The corn muffins
Red beans and rice  
Everything was perfection.The food was amazing, which is the worst part of having to write this review. The service was just flat out unacceptable. The 20-30 minute wait time turned into 45. Then another 15 minutes after being seated before having anyone come to our table. We ordered our entire meals immediately as we'd already been sitting unattended for a frustrating amount of time. 
The drinks showed up 20 minutes later, the appetizers another 15 minutes after that. Another wait of 30 minutes before our gumbo came out. Just a painstaking wait for every piece of this meal while other tables were getting attentive service, drinks and food. I can't help but be frustrated that this could've been a fantastic experience, but was ruined by the service.