A visit to New Orleans is not complete without a stop at Mother's. I think breakfast is the best and you need to get there early, things do sell out. Be prepared for a line and although it looks like there's not much seating, there's much more in the back - so don't worry about it. Go for something with Debris! It'll be clear when you're looking at the menu - trust me on this one!The Ferdi was only amazing because of the debris... But it was amazing... The ham and roast beef was okay, kinda thinly sliced for the money charged.. I realize it is a tourist hot spot so there's a markup,but still.This is a regular stop for me when I am in new Orleans. On the way in I stop and get the "ferdi special" which is an awesome sandwhiches that comes with a side of "debris"
The desserts are awesome but way over priced so skip the brownies and other goodies.This place gave my fiancé food poisoning today. The food was really mediocre prior to the massive amount of vomiting it caused. Avoid at all costs.I tried the spaghetti and meatballs. It was a great dish! Huge meal! I highly recommend getting the fried eggplant appetizer, they are beyond good.There was a line when I went in, but it moves really fast. I was in a rush to grab food for lunch, so I was glad that my order also took less than 5 minutes. I got the Ferdi with the debris, and while the sandwich by itself wasn't that impressive, the debris (roast beef and gravy) REALLY made it. It was nice and piping hot with the gravy soaked into the delicious bread and I couldn't even take a breath--I wolfed over half the sandwich down in minutes. It's a pricy sandwich but it's also large, so at the end of a night along Bourbon St at 2AM back at the hotel.... It was the most magical midnight snack I could have (although I was lucky enough to have a microwave in my hotel room... May not have been as great if I couldn't heat up the gravy). I almost didn't even want to share it with my roomie, that's how great it was.Had the famous Ferdi sandwhich that was made famous on man vs food. It is definitely for meat lovers. I asked the waitress for extra gravy and she gave me a bowl of debris which was basically meat and sauce. The sandwhich itself was OK but I think the MvF show may have hyped it up too much. Waitress was very friendly.Meh is right.  I ate lunch there in January when I visited New Orleans and was not impressed.  High prices for average food and a total lack of any ambiance.  What makes their ham any different from any other ham?  This week I was in New Orleans again and had breakfast there.  Again high prices for average food.  Two scrambled eggs, a could small pieces of ham, instant grits and a biscuit  that was warmed over and heavy.  Basically just a tourist trap.  Won't go there again and would not recommend it to anyone!Omg I'm so glad people recommended Mothers to us. My husband wanted breakfast food, and I really didn't. Fortunately this spot serves breakfast all day. There was a long line but it moved along pretty fast. Our waitress was nice and when my husband didn't like his eggs she got him some fresh eggs to replace them. He ordered the breakfast special with turkey sausage. Most places give you some over processed turkey sausage links but these were huge and tasted fresh made. I ordered the quarter fried chicken - and even though the menu said it takes 30 minutes it didn't (thank goodness). The chicken was seasoned just right and crispy. I got cabbage and green beans & tomatoes as my sides and these were so good and well seasoned. Again not too salty but flavorful. Both our meals came with biscuits.Tourist trap.  Go to Cafe Amelie instead - it's 2 blocks down the street on Poydras.ABSOLUTELY LOVED THIS PLACE! The overall look of it was a little dirty but the food was ON POINT. Definitely will be returning. I 110% recommend the jambalaya & the seafood gumbo.We had heard about mother from our uber driver on the way into town so we decided to check it out. My girlfriend and I both ordered the shrimp po'boy and the reviews tell all. The shrimp tasted fresh, and like it was breaded and prepared in house. The bread was not to crunchy but wasnt soggy & it also had the perfect amount of mayo and slaw. We also had a side of red beans & rice; which was very tasty as well. I would recommend coming to Mother's if youre searching for a lunch or dinner spot.This is pretty much a big ol hole in the wall, but it was yummay!! I saw this place on Food Network so I couldn't wait to try it. I ordered the gumbo! It was delish, the roux was all kinds of perfect. The perfect golden golden brown color with a nice smooth taste. And there was a decent amount of crab too. The bread pudding here was pretty amazing too. I think we will have to visit each time we are in town. It's just like a simple home cooked meal, no shenanigans. Not fancy, not great customer service but the food is good from what I tasted, no complaints here!So so good. Normally packed but we went for a late lunch and got lucky with a full house but no line. Great sandwiches and very nice portions. Would highly recommend especially with such a great location. Close to the casino as well.Go for the debris biscuit for breakfast - pretty much impossible to disappoint.I had the pancakes and sweet potato pie, both were really tasty!   I liked the atmosphere even though it's a bit cramped.I would have guessed this was going to be amazing based on the lines out the door the first couple of times we came by. It wasn't worth that, but it was pretty good. I will say the grits were unremarkable (and I love grits), but I totally enjoyed the potato salad (almost mashed potatoes but cold and really good). Po' boy was definitely a hit and servings were absolutely huge. Wish I had thought to add cheese to my shrimp po' boy like my pal, whoops. Was it quick? Nah. Best service ever? Not close. You put up a "no tipping allowed" sign and it doesn't take long for service to slide. You can also watch people eating in the kitchen from the street, which isn't super hygienic. All that aside, it's a solid, fairly priced meal (perhaps in comparison to the meals I had the rest of the week). Wish I had realized breakfast was served all day though, yum. I'd go back for the potato salad alone.I was drenched on my walk over from the casino in search of Mother's, and I was glad to find her for two reasons.  The first, clearly to get out of the rain. The second, to have that delicious, hot seafood gumbo take out the chill and replace it with all those good food feelings.   First time I'd had the dish, and I'm glad it was at Mother's!I have heard lots about this place. And looked forward to visiting. I looked online and knew that all I wanted was the bread pudding. I'm a vegetarian, most of the things on the menu had meet. Which was fine, they are known for the "best ham in the world," and I knew that before I came. The decor and ambiance was cool, nothing special. The service was good, they are very clear on how the ordering and seating process works as soon as you open the door.  
The bread pudding didn't look appetizing but it was GOOD, not great like I thought but good. I like that I have different fruit in it, seems like they added fruit from a fruit cocktail can. It was a reasonable price. Nice and warm, and came out quick.Like the seafood platter. DO NOT PARK ON THE STREET with pay booth --they have a private parking lot which you can have the ticket validated in the restaurant.By far, the Ferdi is the best sandwich I have had here in New Orleans! I would return anytime to have another. Drink a mother's bloody too! Great Food!The atmosphere was nice. It was a bit confusing on how to actually get seated. You literally wait outside until there is room to stand inside. Between the three of us we had chicken, ham, green beans, cabbage, fries, turnip greens, potato salad and red beans and rice. My daughter loved her chicken, my husband loved the green beans and I loved the turnips. We both like the ham and we all loved the red beans and rice. The service was fast and very friendly. Recommend red beans and rice for sure. Price points was fine and plenty of food.Fried chicken is the best I've ever had in Nola!
Its a dry light batter, and not overly seasoned and salty like other chicken joints...i'm going back tomorrow to try their fried oysters!  Oh, and love the red beans and rice with chunks of their infamous ham...omg.Couldn't leave New Orleans without trying this iconic place and man am I glad I did. When we arrived there was a line at the door. It moved very quickly as the staff inside moves everyone along the cafeteria style ordering. 
Frog soup - Had to try this. It was very flavorful and very meaty for a soup. 
Fried chicken - Crispy, moist, not greasy at all. My favorite fried chicken to date. 
Green beans - amazing
Greens - needed a little bit of salt but appreciated that versus having them come too salty
Potato salad - You can tell it's homemade and it was amazing. 
Biscuits - The BEST biscuits I have EVER had
Bread pudding - the sauce...loved the consistency of it but the sauce was everything
The staff was on point, food was fast, with the exception of the chicken which they tell you is about 25 minutes because they fry it fresh...worth the wait.The Bae and I wanted a more down-home eatery before the Drake & Future concert. We figured a more "Mom+Pop"-esque situation in the business district would be difficult to find. Actually, we lucked up! 
Using the handy, dandy Yelp app and Google, we both stumbled upon Mother's and knew She was the one.  Only a 10 minute walk from InterContinental, it was an easy find. 
Mother's is reminiscent of a diner with minimal seating, but not the congested feeling. There were copious amounts of portraits on the wall of celebs, war heros and other memorabilia to gaze over. We were instructed to grab the menus by the door and place our orders when ready. I ordered the shrimp po boy, he got the Famous Ferdi. After placing orders, we found seating in a quaint corner. A very nice waiter (with a rich NOLA accent that I gushed over) came by to introduce himself and took our beverage needs. Not long afterwards, our food arrived.
Let me just say that the shrimp po boy is SO GOOD. seasoned very well and crispy. My boyfriend's Ferdi sandwich was hearty and huge. His eyes were bigger than his stomach bc he couldn't finish it all. Me? I had NO problems with my po boy; we connected on biblical level, lol. I will say that the sandwiches were a bit pricey? I understand WHERE Mother's is located and its reputation, so yeah. But it was our vacation and we played along.Went for breakfast expecting the Fendi to change my life, however, I was sorely disappointed.  The meat is cooked well enough, but the roll was soggy which made it difficult to enjoy.  Add that to the high cost of the sandwich and I find it difficult to recommend Mothers over some other options.Because this is one of the restaurants New Orleans is known for, my wife and I had to visit.  We had the Famous Ferdi Special, the Egg and Turkey Sausage Po Boy, a cup of Seafood Gumbo, and the Bread Pudding.  All were very good.  It's a neat little place.  A word of warning.:.a tad on the touristy side and very busy.  Plan your trip accordingly.  I wouldn't hesitate to visit again.Great breakfast for a reasonable price between 730a and 930a.  Overall there are better spots in New Orleans but if your hotel is in the CBD or canal street area this a nice spot.The locals rave about this place but I was not very impressed.  The shrimp po'boy was decent, the shrimp was large and succulent but the bread was stale.  The prices were a little steep.  I would consider trying somewhere else for a po'boy next time.Stopped in for breakfast this morning. Great service. Ordered Mae's omelet and it came with a homemade biscuit and jam. The ham in the omelet was amazing, but the mushrooms did not taste good. The omelet came with grits too. Again, service was great and very friendly.Oh Mothers, where have you even all my life? I'm writing this after my second visit to this wonderful place, and all I can think about is my third, and fourth and one hundredth trip there, the food is that flipping good! I just can't wait to go back.
To start, they served the best ham I have ever had. Hands down. I totally "pigged out" on it. It was seriously some divine swine. Oink oink!!
And on the side was some serious cabbage. I don't know what they cooked it in, but I would bathe in whatever magical liquid they cooked this scrumptious side dish in. Triple oink!!
The service at this gem is great too. Staff is sassy in the best way. They help you out but you also know they mean business!
All in all, this place is fabulous. With a name like Mothers it has to be good!!Come hungry and leave stuffed! Wow! I had the shrimp and oyster po boy. Boyfriend had a turkey po boy. We shared fries. We could have done with one sandwich! 
The Creole mustard on the turkey was really great! 
My only complaint is that the prices drive you to get the full size sandwich as the difference between the small and regular was only $1-2. Thanks for the extra pounds!!Mother's for breakfast was the most enjoyable experience in our dining repertoire while in NOLA. The service is friendly and personable. The food is down home and reminds me of what my grandmother would make. We all enjoyed our amazing breakfasts with huge portions and affordable pricing. 
I had the baked ham and grits. The baked ham was the most delicious ham I have ever eaten, but please don't tell my mother. It was juicy and flavorful with five huge pieces. I am craving it even now as I am writing this review.
The biscuits were homemade, huge and fluffy (the size of your palm). The butter looked homemade, as well. The jelly came in individual containers, which one would infer the jelly was homemade, also. The omelets were fluffy with many ingredients - no skimping on anything at Mother's. My friend had the breakfast special and she really enjoyed it. 
I truly wanted ham and grits every day after being at Mother's. Our plan was to return a second time during our stay, but we were not able to make it back. We would have loved to have eaten here often during our time in New Orleans. 
Mother's is not an upscale establishment. This is a plain, honest, local diner and the atmosphere is like being in your grandmother's kitchen. The table and chairs are old, the place needs a fresh coat of paint, and the floor needs repair. If this bothers you, this is not the place to eat. If you want great food you will be thinking of long after you have returned home, you have to eat here. The food is unforgettable and the ham is second to none.Pretty decent food. Lovely wait staff. It's a cool atmosphere but he prices are pretty steep. Expect to wait in line, though it does move rather quickly.
Overall, I'd say stick with the shrimp poboy, it seemed like the best value.good food, good prices. Go in between breakfast and lunch for no lines. It's packed in there!! there's something called debris, which sounded really scary, but it looked delicious. I got the crawfish ettoufee omelet because I was in New Orleans, and it did not disappoint.
pecan pie was not that good. Crust was really hard. This was after trying the pecan pie at Brennan's, which is pretty amazing. 
So get the biscuits, creamy grits, and eggs. YUM!I was very excited to try this place due to all the reviews. I ordered the world famous ham, rice/beans, potato salad, and cabbage. I noticed there were many people handling the food behind the counter, on what looked like a buffet style but for the servers to prepare on a plate for you. There were about 6 people behind the food counter. And what was concerning was no employee handling the food had a hair net on or gloves! Also they were cleaning for the night and spraying cleaning spray right near to the open food. I was nervous for my food to be brought to the table and for a reason. I received my plate from the waiter and the first thing I noticed immediately was a thick black curly hair on my ham. I tried not to get sick and told the waiter about the hair. He picked up my plate very rudely and said nothing no apology or anything. He went back and seemed to yell at the workers behind the food counter. A few seconds later a new plate had arrived. But by then it was too late my appetite was complete gone and along with my money since this place makes you pay before you get the food. I do not recommend this place at all. Horrible service and definitely problems with sanitation at this restaurant.I will never never eat here again the manager would not return a side item and stated that's the way they cook it and he could not exchange. The customers  are lined up outside in the smothering heat and when we got inside there was no one in the dining area this is propaganda at finest. Management is very rude - I've never seen anything like this.Fantastic food! Good service. Lovely atmosphere. Biscuits was true southern comfort. Roast beef PO boy with au jus was really enjoyable. Mid morning was a perfect time with minimal waitOne word - FERDIIIII.
Got the turkey ferdi with ham.  Loved every bite from the delicious roast beef debri to the juice-soaked baguette.  It was a huge sandwich but I had ferdi-envy as soon as I finished.
Others at the table got a few sides (red beans and rice, jambalaya) and all were satisfied.
Wanted to give five stars but had to take off as it is definitely a more "self service" type of place (like someone mentioned, don't lose your receipt) and can be a bit pricey/touristy.  That said, I will be back - and soon.So sorry that seven of us went here.  The food is ridiculously bad. 
Warning: Their "famous" ham 13.50 is like mediocre  cafeteria food. Don't give a damn. Waste of money. 
The seafood gumbo 8.50 and the crawfish étouffée 10.75 are in small bowls and just barely warm ... Yuk. The Ferdi special 13.00 sandwich is soggy and not tasty at all. Only the shrimp and oyster po boy 18.00 is edible.  
Complete waste of time and money.Did a quick Yelp review for local favorites. And this one popped up. It is delicious.  The line was long but it was fast and so worth it. The green beans and tomatoes were amazing.I had the seafood gumbo, jambalaya, and Mac and cheese. All of them were good in comparison to the other popular restaurants in The French Quarter. Their homemade lemonade is good too. Also, the prices are fair, so you'll definitely get your money's worth. I just don't feel like it was worth the long line to get in, but still good food nonetheless. This will definitely be my main go to spot the next time I'm in Nola!This is my second visit to New Orleans and my second visit to Mothers....I'm a fan...the food is GREAT!...the long wait outside in the sun....not so much.
I'm sure on a non event day the lines are not as unacceptable.
I will always go back when I'm in town!
Greedy PMother's is not Juicy
Nothing about this place was juicy. Not sure what the fuss is all about. I tried a lot of different plates since there was about 6 of us and I tried a bit of everyone's dish. 
Did not like the 2 different omelettes, nor the biscuit, nor the pancakes, nor the beef stew, nor the grits, nor the sausages.
The shuttle driver said that this place was a must try. But now I know I'm not missing out and I'm glad I tried this place.
The line up gets confusing and it's free seating so it gets messy.I had a shrimp po boy which was decent.  The shrimp was fresh and the bread was fresh. Beyond that there was nothing special about the place.  I also had the potato salad which was tasteless and stale. I am sure there are better places to find decent food. The bottom line is it's another tourist trap!Mother's was our first food stop in New Orleans. We walked up to a line outside the building but it surprisingly moved very fast because of the team work of the employees. I ate the Ferdi Special which was great! The potato salad and turnip greens were also delicious. The wait staff were kind and attentive. Wasn't a fan of the Jambalaya.What a great meal. We went for lunch, and there was a little bit of a line, but good lord, what a meal. Fried shrimp po' boy, fully dressed. Yes, please! My wife had a Turkey Ferdi with debris, also delicious. And my sister had a beautiful black forest ham, cheese and egg on a biscuit with a pancake. Breakfast anytime. Great place, great staff, good prices. Yum!Prices reasonable, nothing will be healthy there so just go for it, The biscuit was phenomenal the grits were good to, I went there early and you had to order off the breakfast menu that disappointed me because their lunch food sounded so good. I won't even review the food because the ambience was amazing, it really made me feel like a local dining there.Although I am a historical fanatic when it comes to food and big believer in standing up to the test of time in the restaurant business, this place may just be in business for the novelty of it all.
It's buffet-like service, you order at a register and then take a seat. As you order you can see all of the food, well, most of the food sitting out in food warming basins. I had File Gumbo, a 2/3 Original Po Boy and a side of fries. The fries came out cold, soup was room temp, maybe a bit more, and the Po Boy had a few slices of meat on a large, cold roll. 
I hate to bash an iconic New Orleans haunt but it just wasn't much to write home about. Skip the long line and hit K Paul's while you're in town.Not impressed .. long line food ok but pricey. 
Looks like a soup kitchen and the taste was
ModerateI was disappointed. We went to Mother's for breakfast on a recent stay in New Orleans. I had the debris and grits with some scrambled eggs and a biscuit. The bis cut was good, the grits fine, the eggs a bit watery but the debris was unexciting. For those that are not familiar with the term debris is supposed to be the crispy chunks of roast beef that fall off of the roast beef and into the pan gravy. On a commercial scale it would be the equivalent of pulled crispy skinned roast beef in gravy. As served it was tired chunked beef in watery gravy. I get the idea but if you have to cook it for hundreds there has to be a better way. 
Similarly the black ham seemed to have suffered a bit long on the steam table. Lots of great things in concept here but the execution was either disinterested or lacking.I think the food is very good here. I've been here three times and have enjoyed food every time. Red beans with smoked sausage is very good. Portions are good.Ferdi's Special was outstanding ---roast beef and ham, brought together with marvelous cabbage, and mayo on a terriific French roll and a tad wet with the gravy. Marvelous creation. Go for the 2/3 sandwich since thats enough and it's $9.75
I ordered the Mae Filet Gumbo and it was very delicious with rice on top. Kinda didn't need the slice of French bread though.
The potato salad satisfied as well, though a tad too mustardy. Still I liked that it wasn't wet or that the potatoes werent left whole.
To top off this feast I went ahead and tried the bread pudding which was served with a vanilla-like sauce. I would have liked a bit more crunchier or chewy texture, but what can I say --this was a terrific and traditional pudding that tasted like it was made fresh just moments ago. Nice to know this place can recycle the French rolls or bread they use for their sandwiches.
Only thing I will complain about it, besides the kinda high prices, are the kitchen workers who lean against the walls near the far end of the table area. It just feels a little cramped and it feels like these guys are just hanging around making comments abour the boozy tourists that come in after some benders on Bourbon Street.This was our first stop on a recent trip to New Orleans and to be honest, it was a bit of a disappointment. The line can be kind of long, but it goes pretty quickly. One person was manning the drink station and yelled down the line to ask each person for their order. I got the Ferdi Special, a po' boy with baked ham, roast beef, debris (roast beef scraps from the bottom of the pan that's soaked in gravy) served dressed - with mayo, mustard, pickles, etc. The bf got the fried chicken, which takes 20 minutes to prepare.
The food came out all at once, so maybe my sandwich just sat there until they could bring it out with the chicken? The meat in the sandwich wasn't even warm and the world's supposedly best baked ham was, in my opinion, pretty subpar. They do, however, pile up the ham and roast beef, so the sandwich is filling. The fried chicken was pretty good, although N said it wasn't salty enough. Servers weren't too friendly either. I would not recommend this place - many other places worth trying in New Orleans!The food was incredible.... Fell in love with spicy vinegar... Even brought some home... Line seemed long when we got there (told hour wait)... Was only 15-20 min.. Worth the wait.... Great ambiance... Great bloody Mary's....Mother's is a down home comfort food kind of experience. The Ferdi was overhyped and the service was mediocre, but if you are looking for an easy lunch, this isn't a bad option. We went during off hours (late in the afternoon) and there was no line-- I wouldn't recommend it if the line is out the door.I can not understand the excitment or nostalgia over this place. Its gross, the service is terrible and the I have nothing nice to say about Mothers. It should be avoided at all costs. Its a terrible represntation of New Orleans cuisine and a dump, yet it is consistently busy with a line down the block. Tourists would be better off trying anything else. Literally anything else.Maybe back in the day, this joint was was hot...now, it's more of a historical landmark.  
It's more interesting to come here and look at the plethora of celebrities that have strolled through this place.   It's great to visit but save the room in your tummy for all the other great places to eat in NOLA.We went for the bread pudding which was alright but the Uber driver mentioned the fried chicken...so we tried it.  INCREDIBLE!  Super crispy skin and ultra juicy meat.  Couldn't eat it all because we already had dinner but really wish we could haveOnce you get passed the long line. Which was only about 30 minutes of so. I ordered the shrimp Po Boy and it was great. I couldn't even finish the whole thing. They give you so much food. You will also have to try the pudding bread, it has a rum glaze on top that is to die for! Great food, great staff of people who make sure you have everything you need.Great crawfish étouffée. Delicious bread pudding. Great service from Shelton. Very enjoyable evening.My husband and I went here for lunch on our trip to New Orleans on 1/2/2012. I was told by three people to try this place. Lets just say that I was not impressed. Of course it's a big tourist stop and we had to wait in a line outside to order. Once we did get inside it was crowded and rushed. You order first, take your ticket to your seat and a waiter will come get your ticket and get your food. While the waitress we had was really nice and friendly, I did not like my food. I order the Famous Ferdi Special and it was not special. After standing inline waiting to order, I was scanning the room and looking at everyone elses food to see what looked good. A lot of people had this sandwich, so I was sure it would be good. I was disappointed. My sandwich was cold and the entire bottom half was soggy. I understand the sandwich has a lot of juice, but I looked around and only mine was soggy. I think it has been sitting awhile. It did not taste good. I ended up eating the top portion of the bread only and had that as my sandwich, I just the top as my bottom (they cut the sandwich in half, so I used the top from the other half as my bottom and ended up only eating half the sandwich). The flavor wasn't even that good. I hated every minute of it. But I at least tried it. 
My husband order the shrimp poboy and he really enjoyed his. It was hot and tasted good when I had a bite. If you order a sandwich here, doesn't seem like you can go wrong with the shrimp  poboy.I'm not an Po Boy expert but I know what good food tastes like and this was just okay. I ordered the Famous Ferdi and it wasn't that great.We came here on the recommendation of a taxi driver. He basically told me he comes here for breakfast, lunch and dinner. So I figured, it's gotta be good if the locals go, right?
I realized when I got there that this was the place that was featured in Man v. Food a while back. It was also Mardi Gras that day. Accordingly, there were a lot of tourists, so the line was ridiculously long. However it moved fast, and we only waited for like 30 minutes.
There were two of us, but we ordered (possibly) half the menu:
Crawfish etouffee, shrimp creole, fried chicken, red beans and rice, turnip greens, and the ferdi special. 
(Don't judge.)
My favorite thing was the chicken. The fried chicken takes 25 minutes for it to come out (and they warn you, right there on the menu) but it was delicious and worth the wait! The crust was so light and not as greasy as you'd think (I hate it when you bite into fried chicken, and instead of getting a mouthful of juicy chicken, you get a mouthful of hot oil. SICK). And it was seasoned perfectly. LOVED it.
The other remarkable thing was that the service was really nice and everyone was super cheerful, and seemed happy to be there (even though they were working on a NOLA holiday and there was a line 300 miles long out the door). I loved that when we pointed out that they accidentally brought us seafood gumbo instead of the shrimp creole that we ordered, there was no attitude, no argument, just a simple "sorry about that!" a smile, and they just brought the correct order, no questions asked. It was refreshing.
The other food we ordered was good enough, but not particularly remarkable.
Overall, the visit was pleasant, although I'm not sure if I'd come back on my next trip out to NOLA though. Maybe if there wasn't such a crazy line, I may be inclined to stop by again.Used to be good for for little cost. Now mass production, rushed service, annoyed cashiers, slow service for fast food.Oh my god!!!!! 
Spend a weekend in New Orleans, and on the last day I was really wanting to leave knowing I had good Cajun food. 
We were recommended to Mothers, we all loved it!!!! 
The atmosphere was so comfortable, and the food was amazing!!!!! 
Our waiter was so nice, Mr. Anthony! Made sure we had everything needed. 
I will defiantly visit them again!I have to admit I have eaten here more than I usually would because it's right next to my hotel, but the food is delish anyway. So far I have had the jambalaya, the shrimp po'boy, the fries, greens, potato salad, sweet potato pie, and oh my god the breakfast biscuit with meat.
The bread on the po'boy is nice and fresh and crusty. The fries are hand cut and skinny. The greens have huge chunks of pork in them. The fried chicken takes 25 minutes but like my grandma used to make so worth the wait. Potato salad is mayo based and very good, nice flavor of dill. The jambalaya was good and had a nice level of spice.
Oh yeah, they make their own blue cheese dressing. Yum.
Just beware - when you show up you stand in line, order at the register, and THEN take a seat.One of the best po boys I've ever had. Impossible to eat without getting a little messy, which didn't matter because it was just so good. They also have red cream soda, which isn't something you see around too often these days. Great, friendly service, too. Worth the long wait in line, and will definitely be coming back next time I'm in town.It's just obviously a historic place, with salt of the earth seasoning down home cookin'. Sometimes atmosphere is the flavor. That said, early bird deal.Incredible food! I had the Ferdi Special, which was the best Po'boy I had in New Orleans, by far. The line was very long outside, but don't let that fool you. The line moved quick, and we were ordering our food within 15 minutes. Everyone was very nice! Wait staff was extremely attentive. There are many signs that ask you not to tip, but I couldn't leave without doing so! I will be back here every time I visit the great city of New Orleans!We went here for breakfast and had the most scrumptious omelet ever....the crawfish etouffee omelette.  The etouffee was spicy and the omelette was cooked to perfection.  Please order this even if you're not a fan of etouffee or omelettes!!!   
The restaurant can be a little hectic and the staff a bit abrupt, but the customer service is not why you go here...it's the food.  We tried the "world famous ham" and it was pretty good.  I'm not sure about world famous though.   We ordered 2 omelettes, cafe au lait and a side of ham and it was about $38.  Next time, we'll split the omelette and a side of ham and leave feeling a little less stuffed.
We went back here for dinner and I had a shrimp po'boy and my husband had a bowl of etouffee.  I would say that our dinner only deserved 3 stars as it was nothing too terribly special, while our breakfast was a 5-star affair to remember.Been wanting to try this place for years. Always a huge line. But decided to go there for lunch while visiting New Orleans. And we arrived prior to lunch rush. 
Good things first- line was not too long but it moved pretty quickly. I got the special red beans and rice with a meat choice and 2 sides. My husband got the same. The price was reasonable. Food amounts generous. Turnip greens were yummy. French fries thin and crispy!  And the brownie was rich and fudgy!  All that was great stuff. 
Now for the not so good--the red beans and rice was pretty tasteless. Not spicy, not flavorful. I've made better from a box. I got the debris as my meat side. This is supposed to be beef pieces that is the leftovers from roast beef. It was basically shredded roast beef cooked in au jus. Again tasteless. Nothing AT ALL spectacular. Or worthy of a line. 
My husband got fries, grits as his sides and chose the black ham as his meat choice. To clarify, they warn that the black ham (caramelized outer crust if baked ham) is in short supply and rarely available after 8 am. Upon ordering, he asked for black ham, they checked to see if any available, cook said yes. So happy times!  Got order, baked ham instead of black on plate. Apparently, cook mistaken. Hubby does not like baked ham. And this ham was again like the rest, tasteless. And dry. No moisture to be found. Surprised bc it's known as best baked ham in WORLD. ITS NOT. 
Service- we saw the server three times. Once to pick up our receipt for order. Second to bring order. Third to bring the rest of our order bc she didn't bring it all the first time. No refills on drinks bc she never came back. Perhaps needed to do that ourselves but customers six people deep around drink area awaiting for to-go orders. 
End result-disappointing food and experience. Not worth the line. Or the cost. Maybe their seafood is better. But I'm not going to bother trying since what they are supposedly known for doesn't meet their own slogan.Definitely a tourist trap, but most of downtown New Orleans is ( French quarter).  Lines are out the door, each night, I have walked by, even in the pouring rain.  Stayed at the W, and today was a rainy day so I did not want to walk so far, and mothers was literally next door.   
When you get in you are greeted by some random looking guy not dressed like the other staff, advising you to take a menu and laughingly directs you to the back of the line.  The menu is a two sided menu, with breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  As we approach the ordering counter we here the cashier telling everybody breakfast only.  Of course a sign explaining this or something on the menu that indicates the time between breakfast or lunch would be helpful.  Needless to say if there is that much confusion in ordering you can imagine how confused this place might be.
We ended up ordering a shrimp creole omelette and a crawfish étouffée omelette with a side order of Ham.  The breakfast came with biscuits and grits.  The shrimp creole omelette was my favorite nice spice and nice sized shrimp.  The crawfish étouffée omelette was ok, but I have had better crawfish étouffée at other establishments.  The grits have a nice consistency but bland, prefer grits in Charleston, SC.   The ham was good, but give me a break you can get something as good at honey baked ham without the annoying lines.  All in all, I would not come back here with all the other similar New Orleans restaurants that make similar style food, and for what mothers does a little different like the ham and roast beef, it just does not excite me to go out to a restaurant, especially when lines are involved and ham is the main course.  Lastly, tourist traps that act arrogant like the cashier their and acted annoyed due to the amount of people should be grateful for so much volume.Comfort food. Ask was delicious and if I could get more comfortable I'd go to sleep here.Mother would not be Happy. Food was pricey. Wait staff needs to wear hair nets and please clean up floors and serving tables. Food was all over the place when they served the food. Food and trash all over the floor. The kitchen was a mess. I should have left with my family. I am a mother and was not happy. The wait staff looked a mess too. Analize the place before eating. The food wasn't as good either.Food is great and the atmosphere is true New Orleans. The soft shell crab is fantastic. The shrimp and Oyster  Po Boy are both great. I wouldn't miss it. I go every time I visit Nola.Mother's seems to be resting on their reputation.  I had the Monday special, red beans and rice with a side of debris (roast beef pieces in gravy), the rest of our party had the Ferdi Special, a catfish po-boy, and a chicken sandwich.
The food was mediocre at best. The red beans and rice were bland while the debris was a salt lick. The Ferdi fell apart because it was so soaked in the debris gravy. The sandwich came to the table already soaked and fell apart within the first bite or two. Our dining partner's catfish po-boy was so muddy that she was unable to eat more than a few bites. 
The service was unacceptably slow. While I realize that it is not unreasonable to wait during lunchtime it should not take nearly 30 minutes for 3 sandwiches and an entrée,  two of the plates (the Ferdi and red beans and rice) were out within 15 minutes,  the rest of our party waited nearly another 15 minutes for their food. Tables only receiving half of their orders at a time seemed to be a common occurrence at the surrounding tables. The manager did refund part of our order for the catfish and attempted to make it up to us by giving us a bread pudding although a lack of attention meant he spilled caramel sauce down the leg of one of my dining partners. 
Overall Mother's did not live up to it's reputation. The prices, quality of food and service do not make the line worth it. This is definitely a must-skip on our next trip to New Orleans.This place is alright, a bit overrated. I've had better po-boys at other mom and pop restaurants. With the long wait, I expected more from this place. Low quality gumbo and overpriced po-boys. Did not enjoy my experience here too much.My favorite restaurant in Louisiana.  Traditional Cajun/Creole restaurant.  A lot of the other highly rated Cajun/Creole restaurants in New Orleans are more contemporary style and border on New American Cajun/Creole, but Mother's is traditional.  The Jambalaya, and Seafood Gumbo are especially good.  The workers aren't exactly nice, but they're not rude either.  For example, they kicked us out at the closing time, instead of letting my finish my food.  I was joking that it kind of seems like the Soup Nazi there, but I think that adds to the charm of this place.Very nice roast beef po boy!  Have the try the bread pudding with bourbon sauce!  Lines out the door for a reason!  EnjoyReally liked this hole-in-the-wall place. The crab etouffee is delicious, as well as the bread pudding. wish I had more time on my trip to try their other dishes.We were told we had to try Mother's during our visit.  I have to say, for atmosphere it was great.  We were lucky that we went when there wasn't a line and we went right in, although we still waited a long time for 2 plates of food.  Overall our food was good and it was fun to try something different.  We were told the cobbler was to die for, but we didn't have any room to try it.  Maybe next time.Even this the services was not all there I'll still give them 5 stars for having the best PO BOY ever! I was visiting from Los Angeles over a month ago and being a yelper, I yelped everything just to be sure not to miss anything. And thanks to yelp we discovered one of the famous restaurant in NOLA and we got lucky because there was no line outside when we got there and within minutes there was a line out the door! I would've waited anyway and I will recommend you to wait as well that's how good this place was. Oh and I ordered The Famous Ferdis special. Thank you Mothers you're one of the reasons why I will be back to NOLAI can't believe the over ratings this place gets.  The food itself is cooked good but fit them together in a meal or sandwich...what u get is a small portion or food that doesn't blend good together. And the price is ridiculous because of the small serving.  People they're way better places to pick from.  Don't let the food network lead u here.  Plus there's no good parking...meter maids are in full force watch out.Loved this place. The staff is so friendly. Our server, Pat, treated us like old friends. She was awesome. We were served promptly, the food was plenty and awesome! Will always visit when I go to New Orleans!Absolutely trash! Avoid this place! 
1. Rude service
2. Unseasoned food
3. Severely overrated, tourist trap!A group of 6 of us were visiting had we heard good things about Mother's.  We had the Ferdi, fried chicken, gumbo and a couple sides. Everyone enjoyed their meals. Good service, good value for the amount of food. Would go back again.Not impressed with this place. I ordered a smoked sausage po boy. The sandwich was cold and the bread was hard. The service wasn't that great either.Waitress was super nice and friendly. Decor was very interesting. The ordering process was confusing at first. Food was ok but not as good as I was expecting from all the hype.Best biscuit and best baked ham i've ever had! The service however was terrible. You get hustled to this counter and have no time to think about your order. Then when you sit down a waiter collects your receipts to get the food. Our waiter wrote down the wrong table for our receipts so all our food came out at different times and they were bullying me into taking a breakfast that i didnt order!! And they could see the correct order on the receipt after it was unearthed. So my food took forever but they did give me an extra biscuit which wasnt bad.
The food is amazing but brace yourself for the chaotic cafeteria style way that they run the place.Would've given this place 5 stars; however the employees are truly lacking in the hospitality department. If tips were allowed, trust me they would've gotten the minimum. Food was good though but not enough to get over their rudeness, smhHighly overrated and would not recommend. Now I understand why it's 3.5 stars. The food is way overpriced - tourist trap....I mean $7.00 for a tiny cup or $8.50 for a 'regular' flat plate of gumbo?! The gumbo wasn't even hot - it was room temp, lacked a lot of flavor. Same goes for the crawfish etouffee. The only thing we enjoyed was the fried chicken - but for the price ($13.50), I can find way better! Overall very disappointing. To top it off, staff is rude and talk about their customers out loud. They were distracted when taking our orders (literally having a 2-3 mins conversation about how the food smelt with their colleague while we stood there staring/waiting to order). Go elsewhere.I know I may get some heat from this review but I have to say that I was not impressed. Yes, yes, I know, Mother's is an institution, yaddy yaddy yadda. 
I feel like I was suckered when I went here. Bamboozled, hornswoggled, snowed - you get the picture. Totally fell into the tourist trap. It reminds me of when I first visited Carnegie Deli in NYC. Huge hype, long lines, crappy service and overpriced, mediocre food. There I said it. Mother's has mediocre food - it's true. 
Don't believe the hype.Ordered the grilled Oyster PoBoy and the Crawfish Étouffée, but anyway I'm literally just trying to post a check in and it LITERALLY keeps asking me all these questions I haven't even eaten it yet! How can I take a photo of the food, bite it, review it and take forever answering the questions now the food is cold, omgoshhh yelppppp, fix yourself before your wreck yourself!! Haha jk I'm probably doing this wrong anyway! I'll try it then review it again I guess?! Okay I had to leave my app open, so I tried the food! It's like a 6 out of 10, in terms of the Grilled Oyster Po-Boy and the Crawfish Étouffeé, don't even consider it, I should taken their recommendation for the ham sandwich!!Divey cafeteria place... we were lucky we didn't have to wait much. There's a single file line to place your orders and then someone yells your name to pick your food up after you pay.
The girls/guys behind the counter are definitely entertaining. They yell and talk as if customers aren't present. One lady's gold grill was just screaming, "Pay attention to me".
The debris po'boy was good but just didn't have enough meat. The debris is the roast beef that falls off and into the gravy. Yumm....
My husband had the jambalaya - good but not the best we've had and the sweet potato pie - same thing, good but better found elsewhere - even in LA!Can't beat this southern diner in New Orleans! The coffee makes my top 10 of all time list. The fact that I can order a crawfish omelette here...fantastic. The fact that the crawfish omelette isn't even that good...I didn't even care. I was just loving my experience so much that it didn't matter. I would go here every morning for breakfast next time I'm in NOLA. I looked at other people's tables and it looked like they were getting the breakfast special. I'm on it next time homies.Dear Mother, your food was good. But just not good enough. One star for cheerful staff. One star for great atmosphere and one star for a ton of food on one plate. 
The food unfortunately is a major key  to the score. I didn't feel like I was in Louisiana. I felt still at home in Los Angeles. I don't know how the food was before or how this place got famous but I needed to use the Tabasco sauce for more flavor more POW! I'll keep searching for the best southern food.Mothers is not only a tourist trap but a waste of money as well.  For the prices that they charge for small bowls of crawfish etouffee, gumbo and jambalaya, you could go to so many other places in the city for more authentic and well seasoned food.  It's highway robbery for unsuspecting tourists! The shrimp in the poboy were not fresh and the bread was soggy.  The only good thing was the fried chicken which was passable.  As a New Orleans native returning for a visit, I was highly disappointed and will save my dollars for Verti Marte, Parkway and Crabby Jacks.This restaurant gets a lot of good reviews already, doesn't really need mine. All I know if I can't wait to go back to New Orleans. I want to eat everything on their menu. It was soooo good.... My friends from Hawaii were visiting NOLA and asked for my recommendation. I told them about Mother's but they didn't sound nterested. They did try it though because it was pretty close to their hotel. By the end of the trip, they had eaten there 3 times plus they had take-out food to bring with them into the plane on their way back to HI.Has become our first food stop whenever we are in NOLA.  The debris is - no words - it's that good but so much food that it is easily shared...it's one of those rare New Orleans' specialties that is NOT GOOD leftover unfortunately.  Their fried oyster po'boys are also yummy.  I've decided on our next trip over July 4th weekend - I'm going to go way out of my typical zone and maybe try the fried chicken!  Oh, and although we haven't tried it yet - we've seen the breakfasts and again - go very hungry or share - the servings are gianormous!The guy serving the food was so nice! Very helpful and informative. The people behind the counter are too busy on the phone or talking to get service. The food is delicious!  If the service were more attentive, behind the counter, it would be 5 stars all the way. So I am giving 4 stars. This is my second time here and it seems that the people behind the counter are here for social time.Ate here while visiting the City and this was exactly what I wanted. Some good ol' gumbo and po boys. The service is quick and no nonsense type of a place. You order, sit down, and food comes out. Good home cooked meal while you're away from home.The Ferdi w/ cheese is Amazing.  So is the bread pudding (and I hate bread pudding).  Prices are high for a dive sandwich shop but the food is worth it.  Gets crowded at lunch but the line moves very fast.Good diner food, obviously a popular place. There was a line when we arrived but had ordered our food within a few minutes. 
Our orders were *mostly* right but nothing enough to send the food back. Since you don't have a server (and don't tip) you don't get that personable experience and maybe even feel a little rushed but it was still good. Pancakes were huge and super fluffy!Waited in line outside for lunch. So glad someone told us not to be deterred if there was a line because it goes fast. It was well worth the (shorter than expected) wait. I had the ferdi po boy. It was delicious! I had a bite of my brother in law's gumbo and instantly had order envy! I will get a bowl of gumbo next time! Everyone at our table loved their food. I recommend this place for sure!Such a disappointing breakfast. From waiting in line outside to the line inside, I wish I would have skipped this place. I was definitely not expecting tasteless powered eggs. Then they ran out of the "famous Black ham", I then asked for fried ham and received baked ham. The ham was not good at all. I did give 2 stars for the smoked sausage and service. I promise it's ok to skip this touristy spot.Ate here for breakfast. Very subpar IMO. Cold food, what looked to be leftover scraps of their "famous" ham. The only good was the coffee. Do not recommend!Way overrated!    The special sandwich w/ the debris wasn't very good,  the roast beef tasted very old,  the ham nothing to write home about.
The Gumbo not good,  very pale roux...   the place is busy, but  for us the food was not that good at all.We went at an off hours therefore we eliminated the wait. The grilled cheese for the kids was a hit. The adults... shrimp was plentiful but bland. The fried chicken was nothing special,  fiOur and lots of oil. The red beans and rice was probably the best. The waitress was rude when asked for the sachet of butter instead of the slab of butter that they served. She ignored me the first time kept me waiting. When asked the second she said the the butter was up front and she would check when she had time. Good thing tipping was not allowed. Our waitress was seen taking a tip from one of the customers. I would not go back.OVERRATED!
Went there based on these reviews and I have absolutely no idea why everyone raves about this place! The lines to get in are insane and the service is terrible! They have signs posted everywhere that say the employees cannot accept tips but it didn't matter because their attitudes don't warrant one. So we ordered a shrimp/oyster and soft crab shell Po Boy, fries and 2 drinks $50 bucks! Now if the food were good I wouldn't complain but it's nothing special. It's 3 or 4 small fried shrimp and 2 or 3 oysters with a little bit of dry slaw and a pickle chip on a plain, dry white French bread!? It's a six inch sandwich for $17.50! It was flavorless and blah! The soft crab she'll Po Boy was just bad! The entire crab is deep fried and put on the sandwich, shell and all. There was hardly any meat in my sandwich it was mostly shell!? The fries weren't even hot and to top it off zero customer service. But with lines out the door they assume they don't even have to try. Lastly they didn't they mention that for just a dollar more I could have gotten a 12 inch sandwich? At least I could have split a sandwich and saved myself $16.50 off the bill. So in my opinion SKIP this place as you won't be missing anything. So many better places to go eat in NOLA.Close to the hotel l, tried mother's signature sandwich, roast beef and ham, with a side of cabbage. It was good but a little overhyped. Also noticed the expediters touch the bread with his bare hands pushing the sandwich down as they walked it over to a table. Only saw a couple actually wear gloves.   The bread was very chewy too.A tradition that should be upheld by generations to come. My dad dined here in the 80's and I make a point to stop in for a po-boy whenever I'm in town! Stop by here for a real taste of authentic Nola.We had been wandering around Magazine Street when the sky opened and it started pissing down rain. I love the Louisiana rain--not on Katrina scale, but the warm downpours--and we made the right decision to not go to the Jazz Fest that day.
Right when I said, "We will never find a cab" well of course one appeared. Being the total dufuses we are, we asked the driver to take us to a cajun restaurant. He laughed and took us to one close by but it was closed; then we came to our senses and realized Mother's was ah...right next door to our hotel. 
It was after 3:00 so there was a short wait. The three of us all ordered po boy sandos and a boatload of sides: Jambalaya, gumbo, and potato salad. Oh yes we cannot forget the bread pudding.
All was tasty and filling. The service was great and the beer was cold. Loved it!when i think of po'boys, i think of mothers.  i'm a traditionalist:  i always get the oyster wherever i go, so i feel like that gives me some basis for comparison.  this was one of the very best.  my cousin had the special one with the "debris" (it's like meat drippings) which she still swears took five years off her life.  oh, and there's a french fry po'boy, so file it under vegetarian friendly.Based on the recommendation of a friend, we were looking forward to trying the food.  The jambalaya and gumbo was pretty tasty.   Unfortunately, the fried chicken was not worth the 20 min wait (this was better than the 30 min wait advertised in the menu).  The chicken was hot but lacked enough seasoning.  While I appreciate them bringing all the food out together, I was disappointed with the cold fries.  The service was good.  Just a heads up, it was pretty cold inside.  I imagine that's great during the heat of day.  But, If you're dining at night... bring a jacket.Amazing breakfast. I got the eggs, grits, biscuit and a waffle. Now I am stuffed! When I walked outside the line was so ling but still worth it to eat at this wonderful spot!Alright. New Orleans. Mother's. Big huge line. $19 Po-Boy. Has to be the best right? Not so sure. The bread was very bland and cheap. 10 inch sandwich with fried oysters didn't have any flavor. How about using some spices? Maybe Cajun? It's meat and bread. Not that special. Try the red fish Po Boy across the street at the W. Now that's how it should be done.Great atmosphere for a casual lunch, "baby!" Friendly staff. Efficiently run. Lots of options not on the menu, so be sure to look at the steam trays as you walk down the line to see the variety. Great, great, great shrimp poboy.Food was excellent. Served cafeteria style. If you've never been, and don't know where to go, you're kind of on your own. It is really busy around lunch and finding a table can be difficult. The line moved so quickly I ended up forgetting to order dessert, but I suppose I'll have to go back. The Po Boys were excellent. We tried a few of them and they didn't disappoint. Portion of fries was generous. It took the food a little long to come out, but it was 4th of July week. Next time we'll know where to stand and what to do, which will make it easier.After hearing a lot of hype about this place from friends (and Yelp reviews), I made sure to stop in here last weekend.  I got the Famous Ferdi sandwich, and my wife got some gumbo and a salad.  All of it was okay...but nothing special.  I'm not quite sure what makes their ham so "famous"...it tasted exactly like any generic sliced ham you'd get at any deli counter in anywheresville.  Certainly nothing to write home about.  The line wasn't long at all when we went, and the workers seemed friendly.  All in all, I can't complain.  I might consider going here again, just so long as there's no line.  I certainly wouldn't wait for half an hour for this food.I decided to try this place because it always had a long line out of the door. People don't usually wait in long lines in the heat for something mediocre. The line moved swiftly, we waited about 20 minutes.
My group and I each ordered the Egg & Meat Poboy, we added cheese and chose different meats so we could try them all. 
My favourite was the baked/sliced Ham, it was thick cut, juicy and insanely tender. It was unlike any Ham I've had, I actually can't wrap my head around how juicy and soft it was. 
I wouldn't recommend the Egg on the Poboy, it's too sloppy, makes the bread soggy and just falls out when you pick it up or take a bite. It's scrambled eggs, a fried egg would be much better! 
We had some Bread Pudding on the side, yummy! Prepare to leave stuffed and sleepy!My wife and I are from New Orleans and we will NEVER go back to Mother's again. The food was NOT worth the money. My wife ordered a shrimp po-boy and I ordered the oyster po-boy.  She 
may have gotten 4 shrimp and I may have gotten 5 SMALL over cooked oysters. We paid 30 something dollars for our order. What a waste of money. So beware!Stopped in the next morning for breakfast.   Yum.  Eggs perfect, grits and the absolute best ham ever along with a big home made biscuit!  Strong New Orleans coffee.  Wow.  
2 days later stopped in for breakfast again.  Had a great omelette, more great grits, another biscuit and some good strong coffee.  
Great food, service, prices, etc.  If I had stayed in NO longer - I would have gone back again for more of what they offer on their menu.This is the spot that everyone says you have to go to in New Orleans. We weren't disappointed. 
We got here right before close and the ladies working were real hospitable. It's not a place where you get waited on. It's like panera where you order and they call your name. While they do bus your table for you none of the employees are allowed to accept tips. 
It's true that I got the seafood gumbo. No joke. I've had gumbo every single day of the week. Mother's was the best. For dinner I got a smoked sausage po boy. It enjoyed it. 
I have to dock one star for price though. This place is really really expensive. It's also a little hood as they have a security guard in the front entrance. It must get routy. I would come back though.I love the poorboy with ham and steak.  It has a specific name but I don't know what it is loved it.  Crawfish etouffe was good. Great lunch. Local favorite.  I'll be back when I'm in New Orleans again.I have to say this place has really lost it. It was the place for so many years but not its just a money machine. The fried shrimp was fine but the bread tasted like it was prepackaged from Kroger. The "dressed" had one pickle and just a little lettuce on it. Way over priced and sad. I have eaten here since I can remember. It reminds me of Acme. They have become tourist joints and get rave reviews from people who have no idea about Parkway or Mandina's or Casamento's. Don't waste you money, anymore.We went to Mother's for breakfast. The food was delicious. During breakfast hours they had brunch food including po-boys. Everyone in our party enjoyed the southern style grits and Mimosa's. Staff was friendly and accommodating.Hole-in-the-wall in the truest sense of it. Don't bother asking questions, they'll just speak to you in a language you can't understand. Basically if you don't know their menu, you don't belong. Food is excellentWe walk in on a rainy night  and the guy at the front door growls 'grab a menu and get in line with the rest of 'em'.  We did and and meekly shuffled forward .That should have been Clue #1.   Clue #2 should have been the pans of food underneath warning lights( no - I DID mean warning) just like the high school lunch line.  And by  Clue #3 was too late to save us - bland, overpriced food  literally  slopped on a plate.  Good lord! Is New Orleans not the home of Paul Prudhomme?? He would be shocked.  Shame on you Mothers.I came here  on the first night of my trip to New Orleans. I came here after a few people telling me it was a staple place to try. There was a long line out the door, but moved pretty quickly. Part of the reason it moves quick is because you need to order fast and move on. I got a Po' Boy with fries and though it was fine. Bu after a week NOLA,I have to say it was "average."   I think it is fine to try it you want a late night bite, but there are plenty of places in the area that have a more kick of flavor for the same price.On our recent trip for Mardi Gras, 2012, we decided to check out Mothers on the recommendation of the locals. It was packed but the line moved fairly quick. We had the Famous Ferdi Special and Jerry's Jambalaya- they were tasty but I had expected more. Also a couple of hours later, I got a mild heartburn- but I don't know if it was Mother's food or just Creole/Cajun spices which didn't agree with me. I would still recommend tourists to check it out.We were staying at a hotel down the street decided to go for breakfast went around 8 am on a Tuesday not very busy at all. We were greeted by a friendly staff got our menu and ordered at the counter. They have a good selection of items for breakfast and you can even get a po boy at breakfast. We paid and sat down . Our food came very fast and was very good I did not care for the scrambled eggs everything else was goodI think Mother's has the best traditional breakfast in New Orleans.The biscuits are awesome, huge, light with plenty of butter. The scrambled eggs are ready to go and always SO creamy, never dry. I ask for cheese UNDER my eggs and grits. YUMMY !!! I All of their food is consistently great. I lived around the corner for over 25 years and they treat me and other New Orleanians like family.Great biscuits. Excellent customer service. Not a ham fan. Powdered eggs, but overall, a great experience. If you're a tourist, definitely a great place to visit.The service I was provided was terrible I was told by the manager that he didn't care that I didn't like a part of my meal he said there was nothing wrong with their recipe.  The food was delicious but service suckshmmmmm.....
well - mother's has a colorful history....70 years of it.
....however.
very loud, even for a 'cafeteria-style' restaurant. the po boy was - meh -  though it was 'lots' - as a friend of ours would say. i could not eat even half of it. 
didn't seem like n'awlins food to me, but what do i know - i live in st. louis.Don't be fooled by the ratings...this place is second rate and the food at best is like a military chow hall.  We had breakfast...powder eggs, lumpy grits, dry ham... In California this place would receive a "C" rating.The one place that everyone and their mother (OK OK, bad pun) had told us to go to for the best food in New Orleans. It was Mardi Gras, so we expected the busy line that was 20 people deep outside. Once inside and past the armed line guard, we ordered a shrimp poboy and the crawfish etoufee. 
The prices seem a bit staggering, but you really do get a large portion for what you pay for. Everything was delicious, with shrimp spilling out of the sandwich with every bite. The etoufee was amazing, and got me hooked. Sure I'd love for it to be a buck or two cheaper, but at least I felt that I got what I paid for. Next time I'll be sure to get some debris on the sandwich, as no one can stop talking about the stuff.
The only thing that stuck out as needing improvement is their system. You wait in line, order at a counter, and then sit down and wait for them to bring you your food. So you wait outside until you're allowed inside by the guard (literally a NO Sheriff) who then sends you into a different line. You'd think that it would be hard to get a table, but it's the exact opposite. There are tables EVERYWHERE. So why not operate like a normal restaurant, and take orders? People probably wouldn't be standing and waiting for nearly as long that way. 
Also, they have a sign that says "No Tipping", although I overheard a few employees say that you can, in fact, tip them.I don't understand why the reviews for Mother's isn't higher? We were here for three days, came to Mother's  every day, and then ordered two entrees and a bread pudding to go. They ran out of crawfish étouffée on our first night and man, was I bummed! When I tried it the next day and dipped my French bread in the étouffée, #heaven, no one disturb me for 10 minutes unless you're bringing me more bread. The jambalaya is also delicious but nothing beats the étouffée. (FYI: Pass on the gumbo.)
Yes, this is more or a hole-in-the wall place and its cafeteria style ordering. If that's not your thing or the reason why you're giving this restaurant a low rating, honey, please go elsewhere .Don't know what all the hype is about.  The long wait, on line in the sun should be a sign the food is very good.  NOT the case, waited on line for about twenty minutes and when you get inside its like a cafeteria. The people behind the counter cannot be bothered.  Just want you to point to what you want and move on.   I asked for a sausage po boy, because I really didn't see anything else I wanted.  But I did want cheese on it.  When it came to my table it was a cold piece of cheese sitting on top of the sausage.  I was like what the hell is this????? What am I supposed to do with this cold cheese on my sandwich.  I was told they had no way to melt the cheese.  I thought I was in a restaurant, no one in here can figure out how to melt cheese on a sandwich. The only reason I gave it two stars, is because my mom liked her ham. That's the ONLY reason.Food was ok.  I had the Ferdi Po'Boy.  Very expensive for quality and everyone was extremely rude.  It felt like a Marine Corps mess hall.  There was no wait when we dined.  I cannot fathom why so many people wait in the heat all day to eat here.MMMM good Po Boy and Roast beef sandwiches. Low key restaraunt, good sized portions and tasty!Typical of "must go" places that cater to the tourist trade looking for an "authentic" New Orleans experience, but too ignorant of the culture and cuisine to know whether they've had it.  If you're familiar with Carnegie Deli in NYC, you know what I mean.
Some high spots:  Sweet Potato Pie was pretty good, even pre-sliced - I got a slice to go - and their Bread Pudding with sauce looked homemade-on-site.  The turnip greens were delicious, fresh, properly seasoned and cooked.  
But from here, it's all downhill:
The Ferdie:  A soggy roll (not fresh, definitely not baked this week ...) piled with too much overcooked pot roast ("debris"), more flavorless, overcooked chunks of grocery-store ham, a few shreds of slaw and slathered with nasty mayonnaise does not a Po-Boy make.  
The Catfish:  Battered heavily with literally NO seasoning at all.  I've routinely eaten better fish out of a freezer bag.  The batter was thick, heavy and starchy.  Again, flavorless.
The Red Beans and Rice:  Mushy and overcooked, without a hint of seasoning.  If, as advertised, andouille or other sausage (or meat at all) was involved in making this dish, it must have been waved over the bean pot on the way to another dish.
The Service:  Back to "historic" tourist places:  The line to place orders, the "seat yourself" walkthrough, the collecting of tickets and the surly cashier didn't, unfortunately, translate to efficiency in delivering the food.  It took 30+ minutes to get everyone in our party of 10 served, by which time the first recipients' food was cold and sandwiches even soggier.  Drinks were not topped and refills were not offered, nor seconds for those who ordered bottled beers.  You can tell a lot about a place by staff attitudes: these servers were overworked, unappreciated and unhappy.  Top it off with the gruff direction to "Exit out the FRONT door" (a la the Soup Nazi).  You get the idea.
New Orleans is supposed to be hospitable, fun, and casual with a deep well of culture and spice.  Mother's is definitely NOT that place.Food is terrific, wait staff is attentive and treats everyone like family. When I came to NO 20 years ago my boss said there was 1 place I had to go. Still true today...this is a great slice of NOLA.Recommended to us by people in our hotel for po boys. We went for breakfast and when we got there a line was in front. Problem was it was raining so we decided to tuff it out and wait with the others. A few minutes later a nice lady came out and pulled us all inside out if the rain. She had us form line inside which was ok as the line was moving and tables were clearing as we waited to order our food. We both had breakfast po boys. Sausage and ham. They were both very good and very big!!! Mother does not skimp on portions. The staff was super nice and we felt very at home. Wish we could have gone back before leaving NOLA as there were many other items we would have loved to try.Excellent heavy Southern food with bad service.  Servers forgetting items over and over, even after being reminded, do not begin to detract from such fantastic food.
Wait on the long line that moves fairly quickly, and order anything you want - it all tastes wonderful.  Heck, order more than you want, so when they forget part of your meal you won't go hungry.  The sauteed cabbage with ham and the potato salad are phenomenal sides.  
People on line, please don't block the kitchen!I loved this restaurant. We actually ate here today for a really late breakfast at 2pm. It was a bit confusing when we entered we didnt know the order of things until we asked. You grab the menu get online order your food pay at the counter and pick up your drinks next to the cashier. Then you go find a table which there are rooms in the back, and give your receipt to the waiter wherever you sit. The waiter then will bring your food once its ready. The prices were really good because the portions of our meals were huge! Its def a hole in the wall kind of place with good hospitality from the staff and really good food. This is a def place to come and eat for any tourist.So... I hear this place always has a long line of people even waiting outside to get food from here. I hear this place is one of the must go to places when visiting New Orleans. I have one question... Why?
From the looks of the food while waiting to order, nothing looked appetizing to me. I hate to waste my money on bad food, so I decided to settle for something smaller and ordered some jambalaya. It says it comes with andouille sausage and chicken in it... The sausage wasn't andouille, and the chicken... Where was it? It was none in it at all! I went with a group of 4, and no one got anything that was good. One person got a shrimp po boy. I thought the shrimp was suppose to be hot... Maybe this day it was a special day and they were only serving the "cold shrimp po boy." A couple people had leftovers, enough to take back to the hotel to eat later... Yeah... They didn't do that. 
The prices at this place are ridiculous. The inside was filthy. Food all over the place on the floor. Someone told me that's how they do it in New Orleans, but I didn't go to any other restaurant that looked like this. I was just waiting and anticipating seeing rat come out from under something. I'm sure you'll notice the sign that says something about servers don't accept tips. Well... Then you'll be greeted by a server that will tell you something to the effect... "We're not allowed to accept tips, but if you want to tip, please tip and we'll take it." Whaaaaaaaat!?!?!?!? 
It's too many other good places in New Orleans to go to and settle for this place. I expected it to be better based off the reviews I saw on here, and the amount of reviews on here. Y'all can have this place. I'll never be back here.Okay, I've heard this place is a tourist trap and that their food is medicore.  I don't know about everything else on the menu, however, I do know that the debris po'boy completely rocked my socks. The lovely mustard or whatever the sandwhich spread was is heavenly. The meat is so tender. Oh Jesus, how lucky am I to live in this amazing city where I can have one whenever I want. I am truly a blessed soul. So the five stars are for the debris, everything else looks good enough though. The customer service was top notch and I had a very lovely experience.We were like kids in a candy store... This place with a common-looking dining area -- stole our hearts!  The fried chicken breast melted in our mouths; they really mastered home-cooked food all the way around: meats, bread, and sides. We know where to come back to if we ever get opportunity to return to New Orleans.Mediocre- absolutely no substitutions nor could I order the sides I wanted. My shrimp po'boy lacked flavor and salt. Some little raggedy shrimp inside all that bread! One does not go to NOLA for dry, bland food. Uugh! Disgusted!!!! 
They were out of the Blackened Ham my dad wanted so badly. It was only a little after 11am. 
I'm visiting from LA and we drove from Baton Rouge. It was a waste of time. I would have preferred Waffle House. 
My step mom is from NOLA she said it's off their list and NOT at all what it used to be. On top of all that it was freezing in there and the rugs were filthy.I don't know what other Yelpers are groaning about.  We found the food at Mother's to be fresh, hot & tasty and the service to be friendly.  Our wait in line was only about 6 people and it moved quickly.  After we got our food, the friendly servers checked on us & made us feel welcome, not a bother even though we didn't know the 'system'.  As for the food, we loved the roast beef Po'Boy with Debris.  I'm not a huge roast beef fan, and don't usually like my bread to get wet with au jus, but it really all worked here!  The bottom of my bread soaked up the au jus, while the top remained chewy.  The roast beef was tasty & I totally liked the inclusion of shredded cabbage for texture.  My S.O. had the soft-shell crab Po'Boy and it too was fresh with lots of good crab flavor.  I got a black ham biscuit with debris to-go, and it was stellar!
Lots of other menu items to choose from, but we loved what we had.  Good, strong iced tea too, which is a must for me. I  would probably split a large Po'Boy next time to save some cash, but I'd definitely go back!Worth the wait and all the hype. Don't expect table service though - go there strictly for the food! Great price point.Total disappointment.  We got there pretty late and yes, we had to wait 40 minutes to order.  The servers are rude (in fact, it was reminiscent of the Soup Nazi) and the food was just OK for me.  Wanted to try the chicken, but they were out.  So I went with the house special Ferdi Po'Boy and it was...eh.  Split a side of jambalaya and that was the better dish, though I've had better.  Overall, I think it's a total tourist trap and they have taken that for granted.  Too bad, but I know there are plenty of other great options for good Cajun cooking in town.The name of this restaurant couldn't be more perfect if it tried. It really does remind you of getting a home cooked meal with family. The restaurant itself is not much for ambience due to perhaps being an old building with very little to no renovations. The spot was established in 1938. However, what it lacks visually it more than makes up for with good service and food. That's something I'd prefer over a fancy brick and mortar that's overrated. This appears to be a good go to spot for the locals as well as visitors like myself. The line was indeed long but the staff moved it quickly. There's plenty of seating throughout to accommodate guests so grab your menu, get in line, place your order and take a seat. The staff will bring you your order. As for the menu, they offered a plethora options of southern cuisine. I tried the grilled catfish po boy with a cup of Mae's File Gumbo. I needed a redo from the previous evening with another establishment that turned out to be disappointing from which I had a similar meal and let me tell you this more than compensated for my melodramatic culinary troubles, lol. The portions were hearty too! I'd be a regular if I lived here for sure.Definitely did not disappoint!  Love the jambalaya, crawfish étouffée, and gumbo but mostly the jambalaya.I attended yesterday for lunch after my flight. Uber driver said it was good and a must try. I walked the 4 blocks to Mothers after checking in to the hotel. When I walked in a man told mu boyfriend and I we could have a seat and look at the menus and then go order to the counter. So we found a table and sat down. As we looked at the menu an employee on her break went up to us and told us to get up. She said we could not sit down and had to go order in a rude voice. I did not mind, I understand there was a process to order. I just thought it was okay since I was told at the door. She did not have to so pushy for us to get out of the back room with tables. The cashier was not friendly at all. She looked mad or upset, I do not know. I got the gulf coast shrimp poboy. Ok for $15. The rest of the food was good. the lady who brought out our food was nice.Never disappointed with this place. The bread pudding is my must-have when I'm here. Red beans and rice is the bomb, and the etouffee is remarkable. I don't think that you can go wrong with this place, as everything is awesome. Oh, and the bread is what you have to have to wipe that bowl! Just gotta! If you ever go to NOLA, you have to go to Mother's!I grabbed oyster and shrimp po boy when I got into town. My usual spot was not close enough. The sandwich was over priced. I have had better for much less.Grits have no flavor and that was the first thing to earn one star ...we came to the city to celebrate a friend's birthday and one of the girls in our party got her wallet stollen by one of the bus boys. This is the end of my review. What more needs to be said? Police and security cameras had to get involved and everything.Mother's Restaurant is another must-stop when in NOLA.  It is not a lot to look at inside or out, but don't let the old faded sign scare you - get on inside.  A little closer to the hotels makes it easy to get to Mother's after you have slept in from a late night on Bourbon Street, but before going out to see the sights.
I always get the Ferdi Special dressed, so that I can get a variety of flavors on my sandwich, but it is the beef debris that makes the sandwich.  For those that don't know, debris is the little bits of beef that are left in the bottom of the pan after cooking the roast, although I think Mother's probably sells enough debris that they make sure there are extra little bits.  The juicy beefiness that is contained within the debris is a celebration in your mouth!
When you walk in the restaurant, you get in line, place you order, pay your bill, and wait for your drink.  Once you get the drink, go choose a table anywhere in the restaurant.  Put the receipt on the edge of the table and a server will come pick it up and bring your food to you when it is ready.  Be prepared for this to be a bit of a wait when it is busy.
Oh, and definitely add some of the pepper vinegar to the juice on your plate - it dials up the sandwich a notch when you dip in it.Come here for the bread!
We came here based on recommendation from a friend. The line was a block long but I was determined to eat here. I thought we would be in line for over an hour but the line moved quickly and only ended up being about a 25 minute wait. You order at the counter and seat yourself but a server will bring your food to your table. Despite the huge crowd, there are plenty of tables in the back room so there was no trouble finding a seat.
I was told you must have a debris sandwich but I don't usually eat beef so I went for the turkey Ferdi which came with Turkey and roast beef debris. The turkey was very good, roasted sliced turkey that reminded me of thanksgiving left overs. The debris was juicy of course and had good flavor but I felt it needed a little salt. The bread the sandwich came on is really what made the meal. Soft, Fresh, delish French bread. Great sandwich and the huge portion makes it worth the price. I only ate half of it and I was very full. 
My entire party was glad we waited in line.YUMMY!! We made this a must visit restaurant on our NOLA trip, after seeing it on the food network. The debris po boy is heaven. Awesome service, too.The food was not bad, but it was all cold when it was served. Our waitress was great and full of energy. As for their famous ham, I was not really impressed, and it was nothing special.This piece of history is a must to experience. Every poboy you eat from here on out will be compared to this and unfortunately they will never even get close. The line you may wait in will be so worth it. The soft shell crab poboy was amazing.I loved mothers! I got recommended to go here by a friend of mine back home and couldn't resist especially with all that delicious smells that came from outside. This is a typical southern restaurant.. Has that home family style ambiance touch to it. Only problem is it's super crowded but screw it, the food is worth it! I got the combination platter and it was so good! I felt super bloated though after eating and went into a major food coma.Best shrimp creole ever. Gumbo is also good, I just prefer the Gumbo Shop more. Everything is delicious here. Debris, omelettes, po-boys, etc. It's small, cramped, always a line, and full of tourists. But there is a reason. It's fantastic, even for us locals. Some locals are too snobby to take part in anything slightly touristy, their loss, snobs. If you're a tourist, it's a must, just go ahead and do it. Just don't wait until you're starving, or you'll commit suicide in line.i would drive more than 3 hours just to have a ralph. this place is the real deal on home cooking. service is fast and friendly. if you are ever in town this is a MUSTWhat a hot mess-
We show up with a group of ten for breakfast and it was packed, but they run a tight ship so we didn't really wait very long. The atmosphere was awesome in the second room- brick walls and all.
The food was really good - totally hit the spot. Our table turned into a hurricane of food sharing.Their menu has tons of stuff - so get ready to make a decision.Not bad, good menu.  They do a lot of stuff well but nothing really excellent except the Bloody Marys.  That said, good place if you can get there at odd hours (early breakfast, late lunch) because the line can sometimes be long.Wanted to grab a quick bite the night of our arrival close to our hotel and someone had recommended Mothers so we went and waited in line.  While waiting in line, looked at their serving line and almost left.  I have no idea how they pass a health inspection.  But we ordered and waited and waited.  Food came and it was average at best.  Po boy had small shrimp that was highly breaded, suspect they were frozen before frying.  Red beans were soggy and Debris was only OK.Sigh. ... visited here lots of times before the devastation of Katrina and upon our return we were expecting them to live up to the same quality. ...they didn't. Instead of the healthy  slabs of meat  on the po boys of yesteryear the meat is more deli sliced like subway... more bread than meat on a sandwich is ridiculous. ...the  taste and quality of the other food is decent but still..overall i could have  had a V8....On a recent trip to New Orleans, I was staying in the quarter and I'm not going to lie, one of the prospects I was most excited for was the short walk from my hotel to Mother's.  In fact, it took all of an hour before I found myself at the home of the Ferdi. 
The menu begins with a definition of debris, the drippings and ends of the beef whilst cooking, which are then piled back on.  The menu you get while standing in a long, but rather quick queue that runs along an old, charming brick number in the CBD.  
I had come with friends who had never been to New Orleans -- Mother's is a decent introduction to how things work a little differently here.  Everyone is nice, a little rough around the edges and well-versed in getting people in and out, an efficiency that comes with the practice of having a line out the door every day.  There's no tipping, which at first we'll seem a little strange, until you realize service is provided by an army of servers each bringing out whatever is ready, when it's ready.  The place is huge -- the hold up is getting orders ordered and orders out, not seating.  You can wander around and find room after room of four tops in this old brick building.  
Eventually your meal shows up in parts and if you're like most other people, you've ordered the Ferdi ($12), a po' boy made of ham, roast beef and that aforementioned debris, or some variety of it.  
Mother's was fairly well known amongst the group that others had, without discussion with the rest of the group, added it to their own personal to-do lists for the weekend.  I had a very fond memory of it from my last visit, which must have been a few years before.  
Sadly, I was a little letdown.  
The sandwich is good, though a little skimpily filled.  Mother's has become a bit of an assembly line and I don't think the end product lived up to my memory of it or the expectations of others in the group.  This coming from someone who finds the old, worn environment and occasionally curt service as just part of New Orleans.I thoroughly enjoyed my catfish platter which included 2 sides so I chose the red beans and rice and greens.  For an appetizer, I ordered a cup of catfish etouffee which was just as scrumptious.  Although, I didn't have room for dessert while there, I ordered a cup of their peach cobbler to go.  The cobbler wasn't the best I've ever tasted but my boyfriend are it..lol
On another note, the service was great.  Ms. Pat took real good care of us while there.  She was very attentive and a pure delight.Wow.  Crawfish omelet was amazing.  Great biscuits.  Easy parking.This place came recommended. It's a different type of restaurant. We stood outside in line for 25 minutes, before we were moved inside to stand in another line for 15 minutes to order food at the cash register.
We were handed our drinks and directed to find a table.
The food was brought to our table, and was good. My Po Boy was on such hard bread that I didn't eat the bread at all. Salad was very good. French Fries weren't fresh.
The STAFF is really what made the visit only 3-stars. Not one employee smiled or even acted happy to be there. They seemed annoyed by every customer that sat at a table. I was afraid to ask for a refill on tea because the waitress was so annoyed with everything/everyone.  Waitresses were yelling at kitchen staff and just made this place less than desirable.You simply have to go here once. Mothers is a classic NOLA institution. The locals line up religiously to get their fix.  One of the best!After doing my Yelp pre-work before to head to Louisiana, it was obvious I would stop at Mother's. However I always tried to avoid touristic places but even locals and other friends recommended it so here we are!
First off, there will be mostly have a line so be ready for it and try to go during off hours like a late lunch. The building is old so is the inside. This is probably the divest, most casual place I have ever eaten but it definitely brings some character and history. After a long line outside and inside the place, it was time to order. So apparently they are famous for their ham/roast beef sandwich but I would kill myself to go to New Orleans for a turkey'like sub. I then ended with the true cajun experience with a shrimp po'boy, jambalaya, etouffe and gumbo. All items were really good, coming from fresh produce and made in front of you (I am not joking, you walk in front of the kitchen lol). While the po'boy hits the spot, it was fairly basic which I was expecting some secret seasoning or magic cajun remoulade to go with it. The trio bowl as I will call it was definitely a major highlight. Every restaurant in Nola will claim to have the best jambayala or gumbo or etouffe but Mother's is truly good at it. I do mean truly which means that it is probably how people have done it since the old days or like your grand'ma used to make it. Next time, I will just go with those 3 with a personal preference for the etouffe...
If you are looking for a great, cheap and true new orleans (cajun) food experience, this is IT!
Tip: after you order, you can go grab a table (you won't be allow before) and make sure you give your ticket to one of the waiter/busser else no one is going to prepare your food and serve you...After reading all the reviews and hearing about the long lines we ventured over to Mother's around 4 pm, thinking we could beat the crowd and get an incredible afternoon snack. 
Ill give them the benefit of the doubt that it was the time of day that made this visit such a bust. 
We walked into this cafeteria-type hole in the wall and were faced with at least 6 ladies staring back at us from behind the counter. None of them offered to assist us. They just stared at us as they loudly bickered amongst themselves complaining about something. One visibly picked her ear, another kept convulsing into coughing fits, another chewed gum. I wanted to leave, but we ordered any way -- jambalaya and a Po'Boy. Not a difficult order I thought, and it wasn't busy. And yet, our order took forever!  I watched one lady finally dig out a spoonful of jambalaya from the heated metal container, I watched her scratch and scrape at that same container to get what little was still left.  I was not excited to eat it. I expected it to be as dried as it sounded when she was scraping away to get at it -- and it was. The Po' Boy was also just ok. I think the poor service dampened the overall experience.Our last night in NOLA.  Sunday night
Thunder Storm on the way.  The streets of the French Quarter are crowded with tourists for the Memorial Day weekend.  
Mother's it had to be   My Vote. 
Soft Shell Crab Seafood platter
Fried Chicken all dark
Red Beans w/rice
Green beans
bread pudding
sweet potato pie
for the Plane "To GO" 
Roast Beef po'boy
2 Fried Chicken  po'boy
sweet potato pie
Packed in my suitcase:    they travel well in plastic ZIPLOCK bags 
double bagged of course 
Red beans w/rice
Turnip Greens 
Crawfish Etouffee
Thank you Keyanna !!!Bread pudding is amazing.  Served warm with fruit coctail in it.  Melts in the mouth.
Had the ferdi's special and the shrimp po boy...
Shrimp po boy was excellent....  soft french baguette style bread, grilled shrimp (you can get it fried) with cajun style seasoning...  Shrimp burst in the mouth. Add a lil Louisiana hot sauce... mmm!
Ferdi's special i wasn't too crazy about... it's a french dip style po' boy with three types of meats.  bottom part of baguette had been dipped in an aju...  
Decor is definitely old world.  Pictures of celebrities and what not...  
The only thing i am not to crazy is all the New Orleans theatrics... any place that's of notoriety requires some stupid line of some sort.  I dislike that... it ruins my experience as a customer.
I definitely want to return, the food is excellent and the people are friendlyI came here based on a recommendation. The place is definitely low key, a cafeteria style place that probably gets packed for lunch during weekdays. It wasn't that busy when we came in for an early dinner on a Saturday. The baked ham is indeed good but I was not really impressed by the offerings of sides and desserts to go along with your meal. However, this is a cheap place to get tons of decent food. If the place were a bit nicer I would have been willing to wait the 30mins to order some fried chicken but I just didn't want to be in there for too long.The atmosphere was fun. The food was good but less than expected. The fried chicken needed seasoning and the poboy was dry.  I'd go back, but wouldn't have as high expectations next time.Everything was delicious! Biscuits were huge and so good. I think I'd like to go back for lunch, we mostly had breakfast items. The lemonade was out of this world good.It's all about the Ferdi with Debris and Bread Pudding!
There are plenty of reviews of the food here.  It's ALL good! If you are looking for healthy food, NOT THE PLACE FOR YOU. This is not a fancy place, and not exactly the cleanest.  Food comes in large portions so come with an appetite. 
If you go during lunch be prepared to stand in a LONG line out the door.  Don't worry it moves fast as long as people in front of you can make decisions. You are much better off getting there around 1030 for lunch because you'll at least get in the door and avoid standing outside in the heat.Ambiance, well there's none, that is until you eat the food, then you see the beauty that's within.
Mother's is an old establishment, that has been around a lot longer then most mothers.  This New Orleans dining Mecca is one of the places to go when visiting New Orleans; however, I don't want to say it to loudly, do to the fact locals dining spot would be filled up with those pesky little tourists and there stupid questions.
The calibre and authenticity of Mother's food is undeniable, I love going there just to have a Roast Beef Po' Boy with Debris, as a matter of fact other then the Red Beans and Rice, that is all I have ever had. Yes, it's that good
The servers were very friendly; however, those behind the counter, well, I think they get impatient with those who stare at the board, as they did with my friend. I guess all in good fun as your given a menu and follow the line until you get to the cashier, so know what you want!
So Mother's is a dump, but a good dump!We went for breakfast and I highly recommend! This place is a line out the door every time we have passed it. We even went back to buy the raspberry jam they make in house! Perfect place for a home style breakfast.The Ferdi special is like the perfect marriage of the French dip and the po' boy sandwich. It's wet and filled with love. Let me start over. It's got ham and beef, what's there not to like? The quality of the meat is high and the components of the sandwich create a beautifully satisfying mess of food. 
The sogginess (a good thing) and one-of-a-kind aspect of the Ferdi special is in the "debris." This cabbage, pickles, mayo, and two types of mustard concotion is what I like to call the Creole answer to Russian dressing and man is it bomb. You couldn't ask for a better dressing in this sandwich.
Get over the cafeteria-style dining and dingy space and just come here, order this one sandwich, sit down and eat it. You can't deny that it is great.Recently got on the chow line at Mother's.  My buddy ordered a Ferdi's Po' Boy, I ordered a grilled shrimp Po' Boy and we shared some red beans and rice.
The Ferdi included gravy, mustard, mayo, cabbage, ham, roast beef and "debris". Debris are the pieces of roast beef that fall off into the gravy - yum!!!!
The shrimp Po' Boy was awesome and had shredded cabbage, pickles and mayo on it.There was a long line as soon as entering. The food here is not too bad. But it a mess in here. Not your typical restaurant. 
You have to order your food first and then go find your seat. Once you get to your seat someone will come by and get your receipt and grab your food and bring it to you. It's a long process but apparently this place has some of the best New Orleans style food. 
I got the seafood gumbo and it was pretty good. Also their specialty sandwich which was ok. But they drench it in au jus so the bread is soft and hard to eat. 
This place is definitely on the pricey side too. Not cheap. $13 for a bowl of gumbo.I have heard about this restaurant countless times. I am embarrassed that I just got around to visit! We decided to try to get in during our recent visit to Jazzfest. The line to get in was long but moved very quickly. I went for their signature sandwich. A delicious combination of shredded roast beef and  a slab of turkey! The sandwich was huge! The bread for the poboy was so fresh and delightfully classic New Orleans! We also had the fried catfish which was light and tasty! The bread pudding paired with a sensational sauce was increasingly addictive with every bite! The soup we had was unique and fantastic. You pay when you order and they deliver your food to the table. The waiter that serviced us was great and right on time with our every need! I can easily see why this restaurant is a favorite among the locals and visitors to New Orleans. They have beer and liquor available. The menu showed breakfast items for morning dining. Judging by the exceptional dinner we enjoyed I can be sure that breakfast would be just as special! Very comfortable dining atmosphere!I was told this was the place to be for Breakfast, but I skipped out on Emeril's brunch and I left Mother's feeling unsatisfied. Mother's is your run-of-the-mill diner food, no frills, with a homey vibe. I'm all about supporting small businesses and I did go to Mother's, as promised but that doesn't mean that I'll go back.This is a great joint. I enjoyed the diner ambience - very casual and more like a cafeteria.  You line up to order the food and then grab a table.  The people there are very direct but sweet calling you 'baby' or 'darling'. Simple but good food.  Breakfast special is a deal especially with great cafe au lait or fresh orange juice. We liked the place so much that we went back for lunch.  The portions are generous and tasty. We had the jambalaya and Ferdi po boy. The only minor complaints would be the rice is too soft (overcooked) and the bread for the po boy is not crusty.  It is definitely a delightful place and worth visiting.gotta love this place as consistency reigns supreme. if you're looking for that big nasty po boy or that hunkin sammich this is the place to go. lines are long but it moves quickly and worth the small wait. just make sure whatever you get add the debris to it and make it right - a scumptious au jus with meat bits makes that sandwich a little on the messy side but takes it to another level. Beer available too to knock it all down.Once you walk into mothers it may not seem like it was worth the long wait it in line but once u try the food it is! If you are looking for a fancy dining restaurant, mothers is not the place, I mean i just ordered a plate of ham with red beans and rice, but really that is the whole point. The idea of mothers is just a nice plate of their world famous ham and side of cabbage rice etc. overall mothers is a nice family restaurant with cheap but delicious food when your in a rush but you hate McDonalds. But it's ok if you don't enjoy a simple restaurant such as this, just make sure you know what you are getting into before you are stuck in that LONG line!Hard to believe this isn't all five stars. Exceptional service, and we refused to Obey the signs that said no tipping and tipped! These were the best Poboys we had in all of New Orleans.MMmmmm mmmmm mmmm...this is some southern delicousness.  Don't be intimidated by the long line, they seat in patterns.  I went for breakfast and ordered the special breakfast...okay, the biscuit was outrageous but the specialty jelly made it a HOMERUN! The rest of my breakfast mean was great, the bread pudding was incredible.  My favorite part of the experience were the unbelievably GENUINELY sweet and kind service staff when they took my order.  There were so many people behind us, and they didn't rush us, but were incredibly efficient and sweet.  So, we found a seat-had our receipt exposed and a waitress came over and took the receipt and introduced herself.  Come here for the food-it's YUMMY! But come back for the southern hospitality. Oh...and be prepared to roll out, as it is incredibly filling!Every time I come to New Orleans this is one of my first stops.  People say it is a tourist trap, and it might be, but either way the food is delicious. I have heard from locals that there are much better po'boy shops but I haven't come across one myself.  I always get the shrimp po'boy or the ferdi special. Both are really delicious.  The red beans and rice are also a great side. Try to go during off peak hours so you don't have to wait in a long line. Even if there is a line, don't let it hinder you, the sandwiches are well worth the wait.The food was sooo good homey southern taste. The étouffée was yummy.  Calamari was decent.  Mashed potato was just what I needed, I like how it had egg mixed in.  Gumbo was just ok. The red beans and rice was a winner as well as the jambalaya.This is one of those restaurants where the overall experience is what they are selling.  The line (and I am told there is always one) was probably 100 feet long when we arrived but it moved quickly (maybe 20 minutes to get in.)  The restaurant has been there for 72 years and the walls are filled with celebrities, Presidents, Generals who have all been there.  The food was good but certainly does not stand out in a city known for it's food.  However, as breakfast joints go this one gets top marks.