Walked by and my son and I got the scent of fresh fried seafood and we had to stop.  Service at bar was very friendly even though you could tell the stress levels were high due to the back up in the kitchen. We ordered one fired crawfish poboy to go. Food was so fresh and so good. We went back the. Ext day for lunch with my wife and daughter. Gumbo was excellent.Discovered Mr. Ed's in the in February as my wife and I are always in search of a good chargrilled oyster. Our waitress, Pat, assured us that theirs was the best-chargrilled oyster in the area. Naturally, we were skeptical but once the oysters arrived, my God, Pat was not kidding. The oysters were bursting with flavor and the bread is drenched in buttery goodness, we loved the food so much that we wound up going back the next day. I cannot wait to return to Mr. Ed's and try their seafood muffuletta. I definitely recommend this spot if you are looking for an alternative to the busier places like Acme for example. My wife also checked out their second floor and they have a large room for private parties in case you are interested.Service:   Very professional yet laid back. 
Atmosphere:  Quiet but not weird. Clean enough. 
Food:  We had the Seafood Platter, Chicken Parmesan, and Shrimp and Grits. All were excellent, but we could have all gotten full off one dish. The servings were huge, which is wasteful. 
If we visit Nola again, we'll go back to Mr. Ed's.They have best food in town! My friend ate a dozen of raw oysters by herself, I had the creole shrimp, very fresh and good taste. Great restaurant!The charbroiled oysters are the best I've ever had! Also got the crab cake alfredo meal. Staff was great, seems like the type of place where everything on the menu is delicious!The food and service was very awesome. The Southwest Oysters and the Shrimp n Grits were absolutely delicious! It was filling and comforting! The hosts were kind and made an urgent effort to seat us. I highly recommend this placeGreat food and great service... I highly recommend it.  We had the Charbroiled oysters, seafood platter, and creole red fish..dropped in for lunch. ordered shrimp poboy and a couple beers. poboy was classic! so good! so huge! u could easily share it. atmosphere is fun and comfortable. service is good, not great, but they were busy. def recommend and will def go back.Nicole our waitress was great, our Appitizer was taking a little longer so she brought us some gumbo. The charbroiled oysters were good. The crawfish artichoke dip was yummy, and the hurricane was strong!Omg this place has amazing service and food.  Highly recommended.  We had the fried alligator which came with this sauce that was great.  My wife had a po boy and I had this thing called the "taste of New Orleans". It was all amazingHad a bowl of Creole gumbo, it was delicious. Another time i had the taste of Nola, again everything in it was wonderful. It's a pretty relaxed place a little off the insanity of Bourbon Street, with really good food. Finally, all the waiters and staff are friendly.Great fresh seafood. Waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable about the food. The oysters were awesome and I would totally recommend the Red Fish Orleans. Will definitely be back.After a very enlightening three-hour New Orleans Cocktail History Walking tour through the French Quarter (I highly recommend this tour), my wife and I figured that we better get some food in our system's if we planned on keeping the party going. After doing some research we settled on Mr. Ed's Oyster Bar. With a little slur in our speech and stumble in our walk (don't judge us, we were getting the full French Quarter experience), we made our way over to the restaurant.
Although the restaurant was scheduled to close in less than two hours, we were warmly welcomed by a bunch of staff that were congregating at the entrance of the restaurant as we walked in. Less than a minute after being seated, we were greeted by an enthusiastic waiter named Renard. Renard gave us a brief breakdown of the menu and provided us with some of his favorite items on the menu. We both settled on the Southern Fried Catfish dinner and I ordered a tea based alcoholic beverage (Renard recommended that I have the drink how he would have it...stiff).
Less than twenty minutes later our food and drinks arrived. We were impressed by how well our seafood was fried (it wasn't saturated in oil), and how subtly strong our beverages were (the tea was definitely a creeper). Most importantly, we were thankful (keyword) that the meal (obviously not the healthiest choice), was proportioned so that we both wouldn't look like we were three months pregnant as we walked out of the restaurant. Throughout our duration in the restaurant, Renard was very personable and professional. He even provided us with a small list of activities within the French Quarter that my wife and I should engage in.
If you're looking for scrumptious food and great customer service, make a quick stop at Mr. Ed's Oyster Bar!The food here was stellar. We had the crawfish stuffed bread...amazing, fried alligator was different but still good. For entrees we had the New Orleans combo plate which had crawfish etouffe, red beans and rice, and jambalaya. We also had shrimp and grits. All the food had so much flavor, it was sooo good!! A great place to stop. Highly recommended!!Although I do not eat seafood, the atmosphere and staff made the meal for us! My crew LOVED this place. They actually stopped talking and that is a fear in itself. We are in town for a conference and after a long day of conferencing and attending panels we were famished. So we stumbled upon Mr. Ed's and couldn't be happier. A must try when you are in the city!!!Two words... Crab Cakes!!  This is a quaint little place in the French Quarter.  I was seated upstairs.  I ordered small salad and had the crab cakes as my entree. Food was Delicious! I had a Manhattan to start things off, but I thought the drink a little weak.After careful consideration we picked Mr Ed's oyster bar for dinner tonight. As it worked out it was a perfect choice. The crawfish bread appetizer, a waitress suggestion, was superlative. A fresh baguette with the top removed and filled with a savory crawfish concoction with melted mozzarella cheese. Then we both enjoyed chef's fried fish platter. A delight and a huge portion of shrimp, oysters, filet, crab and crayfish cake with 3 huge onion rings. Impossible for one person to finish but it was fun trying. 
But best of all was our server Krystal. She's a dynamic and fun person who makes dining here fun.Thanks to Joy at Kezic Gallery for telling us about this restaurant! The chicken and andouille gumbo was to die for. Shrimp creole perfectly seasoned, no need to add anything extra! Service and music were excellent. Planning to come back tomorrow if we have time. Thank you Mr. Ed for a great dinner. Serving size and prices reasonable.Took a group of 8 in for lunch....made to wait 20 minutes for another group to leave with plenty of adjacent tables open. After waiting they sat us in the empty seats. Made zero sense...esp for lunch when people want quick service.  Server was great. This just spoiled the experience for me.The food was acceptable, nothing to write home about, but it took 15 minutes to get a wait person to take our drink order. We ordered appetizers and dinners all at once because we had been there so long. It took 45 minutes to get our food! No apologies, no update, no nothing. There were few customers when we arrived, but they were full-ish when we left. I suppose if you have all day, it's not bad. And it's not cheap either.First stop arriving in Nola. Came with the wifey to the french quarter and ordered couple beers Abita ambers and some charbroiled oyster with parmesan. 12 werent enoughhhh with that garlic bread. After we shared the shrimp creole also very good. Topped it off with some grey goose oyster shots. Taz, our server, like tazmanian devil was exceptional. Great food gr8 service u have to come here!!!Blackened salmon and veggies were amazing!  This restaurant was recommended by a local and we were not disappointed.  If it hadn't been recommended we would have just walked by and found an overpriced touristy restaurant.  Staff was great also!Stopped in for a quick lunch and was pleasantly surprised. I had the oysters and they were fresh and juicy. The horseradish was to die for. I also had the read beans and rice with sausage . I thought this dish was mediocre at best. If your looking for a quick bite then try this place out.Mr. Ed's Oyster House is a local chain of restaurants.  The French Quarter location is on the west side of Bienville, just north of Decatur.  The narrow two story restaurant with a small patio can actually seat quite a few people. We were seated on the second floor, which I was not too excited about, because I expected to be forgotten.  I was pleasantly surprised that I was not!
There is a kids' menu that is not written out, but we were able to order cheeseburgers prepared po-boy style for the LOs.  Sesame crusted French rolls with mayo, lettuce tomato and burgers served with Crinkle Cut French Fries from the freezer. Simple but tasty.
We picked a smattering of items to share.  We had the fried alligator with Creole sauce.  It tastes like fried chicken nuggets - tasty but not high on my list of things to eat. The paprika-mustard seed Creole sauce was a necessary addition to liven them up. The Creole sauce also went well with the onion rings that are prepared fresh each day. They were crunchy and sweet - totally worth it. (I would skip the alligator.)
We also ordered a side of Crawfish Etouffee and a side of jambalaya.  Once again, one was awesome and one was disappointing. The jambalaya was just tomato rice with good andouille. The seasoning of the sausage was not sufficient to bring life to the rice.  On the other hand, the Crawfish Etouffee was amazing. The creamy tomato based sauce was well seasoned and had loads of shrimp, bell peppers, onions and scallions.  I can make better jambalaya at home, but I need to work on my etouffee.  This was so delish.
The oysters were the same mixed bag.  We had half dozen oysters that were a split of Rockefeller and Bienville.  The Rockefeller was a classic preparation, topped with chopped spinach, bacon and gruyere. It was tasty and basic, but I was impressed by the underseasoned frozen spinach that was used.  On the other hand, the Bienville were AMAZING. The mushrooms and scallions were fresh and paired beautifully with the oysters.
M and I shared an old fashioned, made with Eagle Rare whiskey and muddled cherry and orange with simple syrup. I tried to order another drink, but they were only capable of making what was on the menu.
Overall, we had a good experience.  It is a solid 3.5 star place.Had the oysters Rockefeller boy was it delicious. Seasoned  well with a big chunk of bread that also had some seasoning in it. Used the bread to sop up the drippings from the oysters.  Good eatingGreat food!  The real stuff.  Etoufee (sp), red beans and rice were on point.  BBQ shrimp Poboy. Friends had Oysters and fish.  We didn't speak very much to each other.  A good sign that the food is that good!Visited here while in New Orleans for the Falcons vs. Saints game. Food was really good. Affordable prices. Great wait staff. Ordered the gumbo. Really food flavor, nice portion size but it needed more spice. Also had the oysters with bacon, spinach and mushrooms.  1/2 dozen, decent price. Flavored well. Restaurant manager walked the floor, greeting patrons and checking on your satisfaction.
My friend ordered fried green tomatoes & seafood mufaletta. I was jealous & she was very pleased. The seafood which was well seasoned was falling off of her sandwich. It was huge. She was able to eat off of it for two days.
Pretty good experience.While on the way to the Acme Oyster House, we were greeted by a nice guy who worked here. We thought, well why not! The hospitality when walking in was amazing! All the employees every the bartender welcomed us. Our waitress was very attentive and knowledgeable of the menu. We had the chargrilled oysters, the Beinville Oysters and the Oyster Rockafella!!! 7-thumbs up!!! (If that's even possible!) Oh and they have homemade onion rings! They were huge, fresh and amazing! No complaints whatsoever!!! #Amazing #Fresh #Yum-OCrawfish bread is by far one of the best dishes I've ever had!!! Charbroiled oysetwrs are a must have!!!!We stopped in for some drinks and appetizers.  Loved the set up,. Very friendly staff, great oysters and a nice romantic evening.  Everything in the French Quarters is going to be pricey,. Mr Ed's was reasonably priced compared to most other places.  Got to try it out.Great food and excellent customer service!!! The charbroiled oysters are absolutely amazing!!!Friendly service and great eats. This place was recommended by someone who lives in Alabama. We ordered Grilled Oysters, creole Gumbo, Louisiana crawfish bread, jambalaya and red beans and rice. The oysters and crawfish bread was delicious and our favorite picks!!!  They also had turtle soup which I will be back to try!The food was great! This is our first to New Orleans so we asked around where to get authentic local food. Our hotel told us this is the place to try. We had the gumbo, shrimp and grits and a dozen raw oysters, all super tasty. Our waitress Lindsay was super sweet and wrote down some of her favorite places for us to check out while visiting. We really enjoyed the food and staff.So i just want to put out a public disclosure that I enjoy going to alot of restaurants and trying different cuisines and for the most part even if its something i would never try again i can still appreciate the experience....this place was not the case. 
Im going to make this short and sweet (well try to) and to the point. I looked this place up on yelp and went there because it was close to our hotel, receieved decent ratings and my bf and i wanted some NOLA oysters. 
I really enjoyed the overall ambiance from the restaurant the seats were nice and comfortable, the seating arrangment was surprisingly plentiful for the size of the restaurant. Tastefully decorated with about 3 flat screen tvs. The inside decor definately appealed to a mix crowd. But thats just about as good as it gets.
None of the waiters looked that they fit in the restaurant business; hard to pin point exactly the issue they just didnt (Dark alley convo: " Know anyone who needs a job, can pass a background check and hold plates") Sorry my mind just wondered into space real fast but I can imagine their hiring process started something similiar to that. One guy bought us our appetizer of calamari and his finger was touching our marinara/parmasean cheese sauce (Cause he didnt know how to hold a small bowl) and he placed the bowl down and licked his finger as he walked away....UGH, El Grosso, Not Professional, Hmph!!!!
Ok ok ok...so we ordered the calamari for appetizer. There was no seasoning on batter, even the marinara sauce couldnt make it taste better. While on our trip there was a water ban in the area and the waiter conveniently forgot and bought us both a glass of water, of course he remembered when my bf mentioned it. I ordered an apple martini; i know it was vodka and some mix just cant put my finger on it. We both ordered the po boy sandwich. All i can say is that immediately when served my bf said he smelled old oil and wanted to throw up. (Public Disclosure: My bf is basically a garbage disposal and will eat anything and he complained taking evey bite.) It was served with mayo, lettuce, pickles and tomatoes and even dressed the sandwich was just gross.
Rundown: Small oysters so much so that the sandwich had more bread then oyster, old oil smell, lackluster service, nice atmosphere = do better next time? I know for sure there will never be a next time for me at this place.This was my first meal in NOLA, and by far the worst. I dropped my suitcase off at the hotel and immediately began walking around the French Quarter. When it came time for lunch I stumbled into Mr. Ed's where I ordered Charbroiled Oysters on the Half Shell and Seafood Gumbo. The oysters didn't seem to be cleaned properly and the seafood gumbo was just plain BAD. There are tons of better and even AMAZING places to eat in New Orleans, unfortunately this isn't one of them.I was completely underwhelmed. The food looked tasty, but it was "meh". 
We ordered the bbq shrimp app and charbroiled oysters. The shrimp was bland. The oysters were too charbroiled. I was still tasting the over char hours later :(
Our server was really nice and attentive. 
I wouldn't recommend this place based on what I ordered, but maybe it was an off nightWe came here from a recommendation of our concierge who told us it's just like Acme Oysters but without the wait and half the price. So true! It's apparently 10+ years old, but a new addition to the French quarter making it a bit more obscure. But the service we received is what truly made it five stars! We wanted raw oysters, but had so many people suggest the charbroiled that we had the southwest and garlic parm in addition to the raw ones. Literally best oysters I've ever had. Lyndsie was so sweet and accommodating and sent us off with bottled water, a map of her favorite spots for food and nightlight, and a sense of sadness that we only had one more night!Every time we go the food and service is great.  I've had the fried alligator, Shrimp and Grits, BBQ shrimp, Oysters Po Boy, Shrimp Po Boy, Crawfish Boil and Creole Gumbo. The Char grilled Oysters are the best in the quarters.  Reminds me of home cooking.  This is my favorite in the Quarters.  Too busy eating to take pictures :)During our week in New Orleans, Mr. Ed's was the only place we visited multiple times because we liked it so much. We had never eaten fresh oysters before and Brian was so friendly, patient and helpful. We ended up loving oysters and came back for more. The other food we ordered (Seafood Au Gratin and Seafood Nachos) was awesome as well!!Great oysters (both raw and char grilled). Very friendly staff.  They do allow dogs at the few outside tables, which was definitely a huge plus for me.  The locals seem to like this place. I will definitely be back for oysters.If you want FAT oysters, this is the place to go!!
I was in NOLA with the family, and I was craving some gulf oysters.  I prefer raw, but my sister prefers them chargrilled.  She found Mr. Ed's after looking up stuff on Yelp and a local tourist magazine.  Mr Ed's oyster deliciousness was confirmed by asking our Mardi Gras World shuttle driver and the doormen at the Ritz.  You should always trust the locals....haha!
Here is the rundown:
Raw oysters on the half-shell:  Oyster heaven!  They were big, fat, fresh, and meaty, just the way that I like my gulf oysters.  $14.95/dozen.  Our server Benny told me how to dress the oyster on the saltine crackers with some hot sauce, pepper, etc.  It's pretty good, but I am an oyster purist.  I'll savor the pure oyster taste with just some lemon juice, or I'll dress it with cocktail sauce, horseradish, and lemon juice.  Putting it on the cracker was more work than what it was worth, but it was still good.
Chargrilled oysters:  I prefer raw oysters but my family ate a half dozen within like 30 seconds, so I'm assuming they didn't taste horrible...haha!
Soft shell crab po boy:  My sister's dish.  This was a special that was off the menu.  She decided to take advantage of soft shell crab season, and she had no regrets.  I tried a few bites, and the crab was meaty and crispy.  The batter was a little on the salty side, but it's expected with deep fried seafood.  Overall quite delicious.
Seafood platter:  My parents got this dish.  Basically fried shrimp and oysters on a bed of french fries and bread.  Pretty good, but nothing spectacular.
The food and service was quite good.  We enjoyed Benny our server, who kept supplying us with fresh napkins like every five minutes.  We also met the famous Steve the bartender as we were walking out.
Overall:  Great place for fat meaty oysters.  By far the best oysters I had in New Orleans so far.  Yummy soft shell crab po boy.  The rest of the food was pretty decent.  I would definitely come back.The food was good but my wife's fish was undercooked.  Kind of ruined the meal.  Shout out to the staff though.  They did everything possible to try and make it right by removing both our entrees from our bill.  That's the reason for the third star is despite their mistake in the kitchen, the customer service was pretty awesome!My first time trying charbroiled oysters, and they were out of this world. Got the crab cakes, which were just ok, but which were accompanied by really delicious jambalaya that was even better reheated the next day.The airport limo driver suggested this place and he was spot on. The oysters are fresh and sweet!  I've been here three times in three days. The gumbo was also delicious with nice chunks of crab. I also tried the shrimp oyster po boy and it was nice and crispy. I wouldn't order the po boy again only because it's too much bread. Order the raw oysters and enjoy their homemade cocktail sauce.Our Lyft driver sent us here after giving us the 411 on how Acme house is overrated. We thought we'd try it out and it was AMAZING. I've had acme as well but the chargrilles oysters here are the best I've had. The staff is super chill and the place feels like it would be my local hang out if I lived in New Orleans! Try it, you won't regret it. Also the Louisiana crawfish bread was a added bonus of deliciousness.Fun place, great food, Theresa is the BEST waitress!!!! The crayfish bread is delicious,  well everything is delicious but Tue crayfish bread is super good :)The Southwest charbroiled oysters were phenomenal. I had the red beans and rice with the catfish. And my wife had the crab cake pasta. As for mine the red beans and rice were delicious. Although nothing special. The fish was probably a 3 out of 5. My wife's pasta was bland with very little taste. Crab cake was also bland.Mr. Ed's was a great choice during our visit to New Orleans. Firstly, the establishment is cool and cozy, dispelling any concerns of a crowded eatery in a busy tourist-filled city.
Also, the service was excellent. Our server was polite and accommodating, as well as the host and other restaurant staff.
Lastly, and most importantly, the food was fantastic. We ordered some oysters along with their crawfish &I spinach artichoke dip as appetizers--they were oozing with taste! Their entree was also a delight--crab cake pasta with shrimp.
We were beyond pleased with our experience at Mr. Ed's. We will be returning here on our next trip to NOLA and would recommend others do the same!OMG! Charbroiled oysters!  These were incredible!  We got in pretty quickly and were served quickly.  I'd go again and get the oysters.I left this place in absolute pain from my stomach being stretch to its absolute limits. From the minute my family and I walked into this place, we felt like magic was about to happen.  The smells wafting in from the kitchen were a dizzying blend of N'orleans spices and flavors. My wife ordered a dozen raw oysters and the waitress returned with 12 brontosaurus size oysters, FREAKIMG MASSIVE!! Next I got beat up by a mean plate of shrimp and grits. I cried Uncle but I kept punching myself in the mouth with spoonful after spoonful of this magical dish. I washed it down with a Nola Bread Pudding that would make me line up a dozen Mamas and slap all of them.  
The service was good, the food was amazing.  All I can say is if you come to NOLA and not come to this gem then you have not visited NOLA.The baked oysters were amazing, the snapper and red fish it so much. Bloody marry was good, not too spicyWings arrived fresh out of the fryer. The heat was perfect, tons of flavor and even the crispiness was on point!
After being a hardcore fan of Darrell's Poboys in Lake Charles, I wondered if it could get just as good as it is over there for this place. Turned out to be that we were beyond impressed with the Roastbeef Poboy. Gravy was just right - had jalapenos available and the roastbeef had flavor....FLAVOR IS KEY!! 
A fucking job well done, Cajun Mike's!! 
#bookmarkedthefuckoutofthisoneWhat a way to end my trip!  I went to Mr. Ed's on my last of 6 days in New Orleans.  I wanted to have one more good meal, and we ended up here because it was right around the corner from our hotel.  I am so glad we did!
The food was so delicious!  We had a cajun redfish topped with shrimp and fried softshell crab.  It included jambalaya and roasted vegetables.  Oooooh, nom nom nom!  What a great meal to remember New Orleans by!  
I think my favorite part was also that good ol' New Orleans service.  From the waitress to the kitchen manager, they showed us such great service and making sure we were happy... and boy were we!  Thanks Mr. Ed's!!!Great joint with friendly staff and dynamic service and delicious food. Highly recommend both snapper dishes and the bread pudding was exceptional. Also played some fine music to accompany the meal.This was our favorite place in town.  As visitors from Texas, we came to NOLA looking for good seafood.  We were not disappointed with Mr. Ed's!  Their BBQ Shrimp, turtle soup, seafood nachos, crawfish stuffed bread.. were absolutely wonderful! Full of flavor and great service.  We visited twice because we were so impressed the first time.This was my first visit to New Orleans and I wanted to really experience a very good place with traditional New Orleans food and its here. However, I will be rating the service, food, and overall experience. 
We arrived at Mr. Eds and we had one more we were waiting for. We stood outside for a good four minutes even though a few wait staff said the host will be right with you. What was the host doing? Talking and laughing with cook staff in the back. Kind of a bad impression already even though hearing about good things about this place. Finally we were sat down, waitress attend to us right away. However, few minutes later another waitress came and helped us. I'm confused who is our waitress? It turns out our original waitress was going home for the evening and decided to not even tell us. Its just weird. Our waitress was very attentive but this is where I rate the place even lower; her knowledge of food and ingredients. 
I asked the ingredients in Jambalaya and she said there is pork products in it. So I asked instead I want the red beans. Turns out AFTER I ordered and ate the food their was pork in the red beans to, in fact it was specifically ham. Last time I checked pork sausage came from a Pig and so does ham. Seriously? I specifically asked I did NOT want any pork products. Thanks a lot for literally the misinformation. 
The food: The food was cooked nicely and the seafood part of my Creole Seafood item I ordered on the menu was tasty with rice. A decent size portion as well for the price. The rest of the food on the table was great; fried catfish and spinach and artichoke crawfish dip. All great. 
Overall: I want to really give this place five stars but how can I when we were ignored for the first four minutes by a host that clearly saw us and didn't care and second make me consume a type of food I clearly said I did not want to have. I would go back but I would be very cautious.The portions are very large here so sharing is easy to do. The best Item on the menu that we tried was the barbecue shrimp.Really good southern food. The charbroiled oysters were amazing. Service was quick and there was no wait. It's tucked away from the really busy parts of the French Quarter, which made it an excellent quick stop for lunch.Reviews were on point.  Had both raw and cheesy oysters and they were delicious.  Fried green tomatoes were excellent and the red beans and rice was off the chart.  Atmosphere and staff were great.  Solid choice.   I'll definitely go backCame here for our first experience with crawfish, and we were not disappointed!! The service was awesome and the food was amazing. $9 hurricanes aren't too bad, considering the location. It's probably a little pricier than other places, but it was good. I would definitely recommend it to anyone!This place was great. The hostess was so sweet and our waitress Latoya? put up with our shenanigans. 
We started with raw and charbroiled oysters. So good! We also had the redfish orleans (delicious), crawfish Crab cake dinner (decadent and amazing of course). shrimp and grits (classic), and southern fried catfish (so good).
We ended with the bread pudding which I think we all had just enough room for one spoonful.
Would definitely recommend.Best attentive, friendly and warm service we've had this weekend ( thanks Theresa! ). Seafood Nachos and Louisiana Crawfish bread are deeelicious. Generous portions, and lots of crawfish in our dishes.  Combining the crunch of the seafood nachos with tasty chargrilled oysters was a great surprise.  My wife loved the Moscow Mule, and doubly so having one to-go. Love New Orleans! Will definitely come back to eat here.Went there for dinner tonight and food was good. A little bit too seasoned. Wait time was reasonable and staff was friendly. Only complaint is that they plated my rice too earl before the fish and vegetables so by the time I got it, the rice was cold and I had to send it back. Very rookie mistake.Amazing service, authentic vibes, and delicious fresh food that's moderately priced! We loved the staff-especially the bartenders!Best raw oysters in town. The Fish House  Seafood platter is great and big enough for too. Ask for Gina when you go. She is the best waitress we have ever had in any restaurant in New Orleans.Probably the best raw oysters I've ever had. Meaty and flavorful. We ordered a dozen and then another half dozen because they were so good. Attentive service. My Old Fashioned wasn't mixed too well but that's the only complaint I have.Went here on a Saturday night when visiting NOLA for the first time, and the food was just OK. I had the Crawfish Crabcakes with a side of jambalaya and they were just decent - not great, but not bad either. I would say they quality was not up to par with the price here.
With that being said, the server was very friendly and we did not have a wait time even with a party of 7 on a Saturday night.Had dinner at Mr. Ed's in late-February during my vacation in New Orleans.  Started with a Debbie's Rum Punch, followed by Crawfish Pies appetizer, and a Shrimp Po-Boy as the main course.  Food was good and service attentive and friendly.Loved the red beans and rice!! The bartender Mike was awesome! He took really good care of us!I'm so glad I ordered something that was out of my norm. The Charbroiled Oysters are absolutely amazing. For someone that does not like the look or "imagined" texture... I tore into the conservative 1/2 dozen that I ordered. The red beans and rice are seasoned with love and flavor. The grilled chicken poboy was well marinated. The drinks were nice and strong. Krys, our server was the cherry on top! Music and atmosphere was perfect! Manager came by to personally check on us. Great choice for the evening. $57 tab.I liked this place, yes it's a bit corny and a tourist kind of joint but the food is good the oysters are fat and the bananas foster pie was delish. and the staff were awesomeWonderful! Fun!  Yummy!  These are a few words I'd use to describe our dining experience here. The server was so friendly and wonderful. The food was fresh and so good. I loved the crawfish pie! The Hurricanes are great too! This was a great find. I highly recommend it!The oysters were definitely a 5 Star. The cocktails However SUCKED!!!! Don't eve bother getting a drink, 10 bucks for virgin Moscow mulesIf you're going to indulge in New Orleans' oysters, Mr. Ed's is the place to be. There are 2 or 3 locations,  and I visited the newest one on Bienville (French Quarter), which has been open only a few months. I noticed there were a good number of diners inside (at midday), which is always a good sign, especially for a brand new place. I knew off the bat I wanted oysters on the half shell. To my amazement, these bad boys were HUGE, plump, juicy and entirely delicious. Did I mention HUGE?! These weren't rinky dink oysters. And FRESH! I asked the staff and found out they have their own fishermen who go out every morning to get oysters out of the Gulf,  no middle man. That means a short, safe, fresh journey from the Gulf to my gullet. Love that! Add to it really friendly staff, accommodating and jovial...you can tell they really enjoy what they do. I was only going to get a small snack of half a dozen, but I enjoyed myself so much I ordered 2 dozen (my fiance ate with me). You'll find LOTS of oyster bars around, especially in the French Quarter, but Mr. Ed's has them ALL beat. It's a classy bar (Note: not sketchy) with the highest quality fare, yet a relaxed atmosphere, and VERY wallet-friendly. Having walked around looking for a good oyster bar, it seems other places will either be (1) lower quality or (2) too pricey. You won't be disappointed at Mr. Ed's!  :-DThe food is sooooo New Orleans... love it! 
The hospitality is welcoming and, just remember to go on an empty stomach, cause you will be filling up, quantities are large!We pulled into New Orleans and we were starving so we stopped here, the first place we saw. And I'm so glad we did!!!! Our waiter Russell was perfect. Friendly, down-home charm with just enough chit chat and impeccable service. There are two tables outside and we got one. The street is noisy but that's the city for you. 
We had our two kids with us and Russell explained very nicely what they have for kids. My daughter wanted to try jumbalaya but doesn't like shrimp and Russell said no problem, he would make that happen. My husband asked for a good strong drink so we had Hurricanes. Delish and strong. My husband and I shared the combo plate and sausage gumbo soup, all fantastic. Especially the crawfish étouffée. 
Go here! You'll love it! The inside is charming as well and all of the staff so friendly. Food came out fast enough; not so fast that they are just scooping stuff onto plates from vats. :)It only was the food absolutely amazing and very well priced for the city, but Lyndsie our server was incredibly well versed in the menu and pointed us to options that were exactly what we wanted. Seriously request this server you will not be disappointed. This place was the perfect dinner to end our New Orleans vacation. In case you don't get her, the garlic parm oysters are incredible!Mr Ed's exemplifies a great culinary experience!  From welcoming staff upon entry, to talented Chef's, to clean n pristine establishment to wonderful cuisine .. What more could one want or ask for?
The seafood gumbo, charbroiled sinful oysters with jalapeño on the side to a bountiful wedge salad ... Amazing!   Ps - next time, skip the salad n double or triple up on the oysters!Alright....
Forget Acme.
Felix's had their turn too. 
The reign of Ed has begun. 
Bask in his Majesty. 
The oysters are fat and fresh. The hurricanes are tart and strong and the service is all smiles. 
Sit at the bar and get faster service. 
Come hungry.This was our second time visiting Mr. Ed's and it was just as delicious as the first. I ordered the shrimp and grits and bf ordered the catfish and shrimp platter. Mine was absolutely delicious and he loved his as well. Service was great and quick. They shuck the oysters fresh daily and you can even watch the guy at the bar do it! This is such a hidden gem in the French Quarter and the prices are very fair for the portion size and quality. I ordered one drink here and it was just "okay" but I'll let it slide since the food was ridiculously good. We will definitely be back on our next trip.This was our last meal before heading out of town, and it was a doozy. The softshell was great, the etouffe was sublime, the beer was ice cold, and the service was extremely attentive (we were the only patrons at the time). Probably our favorite meal of the whole trip, save for Emeril's.Yummy!! Nice ambience right off Bourbon St. Great selections and grilled oysters with Chipotle butter was phenomenal! Nice reprieve from the hustle and bustle and them you can jump right back in!We found this place last year while heading somewhere else, we were invited in by the host, and discovered one of our favorite places. The Charbroiled and Bienville Oysters are fabulous, the Shrimp and Grits are right at the top that I've ever had. we were in New Orleans again this year and ate here twice, I highly recommend Mr. Ed's in The French Quarter.The food and the staff here are fantastic. I came here 3 times during my 4 day trip to NOLA...that is how much I enjoyed it. Will definitely come back.Our favorite NOLA restaurant by far!  My husband and I ate here three times during our week-long stay.  First it was the seafood muffaletta.  We made the "mistake" of ordering one of those with some onion rings.  The only mistake was that it was too much food.  The muff was overflowing with lightly-breaded oysters, shrimp, and catfish.  Every bite was  so darn tasty.  The onion rings were perfect: lightly-breaded as well, and cooked just the right length of time.  I hate when I bite into an onion ring and pull the soggy onion out of the remainder of the breading.  Not these!!  We asked for a sauce to dip them in and our server brought a remoulade.  I highly recommend that!
The second and third times were to split po boys.  First a crawfish po boy and then an oyster one.  Both were HUGE sandwiches worthy of splitting, and overflowing with seafood.  The oyster po boy was stuffed with oysters and still had 8 fried oysters on the plate!  
The service is so friendly and welcoming.  This place is tops!!!First time here. It's right near where we stay in NOLA so hoping it's a winner!  
Ordered 6 raw oysters, 6 charbroiled oysters, BBQ Shrimp appetizer and the crab and artichoke dip. 
Update to follow....
Oysters were delicious both raw and charbroiled. The crab and artichoke dip was scrumptious BUT the BBQ Shrimp appetizer was the Bomb!!  
Two thumbs up for here. Will definitely return.I stopped into Mr Ed's for the Crawfish Bread to go which I had read was "life-changing." Not exactly life-changing but I could see how if you were starving it would taste like you had died and gone to heaven. 
The cheese was velveeta-ish not real cheddary, but the onions and peppers were nice and crisp. The bread had 
black sesame seeds on it and had a good texture. A lot of the French bread in NOLA is completely flavorless...but I'm more a fan of Italian Bread. 
There could have been a few more crawfish but there were enough to say it was a decent portion. I waited at the bar for my order. The bartender gave me a bottle of water while I waited, which was super nice. I'd really like to try the broiled oysters here. It was a good, friendly atmosphere. I'd def go back.Oh my....the red beans n rice, alligator & charbroiled oysters were soooooo good.  The customer service was out---standing.  After checking into the hotel this was our first stop.  I enjoyed a hurricane and my husband had Palomas.  This was definitely a good start to a great vacationWow so impressed. The charbroiled oysters were amazing. I went to Acme the night before and can say that this place does it better. There was no wait the service was amazing. This is the place you should give a try.Being in the French Quarter, I was afraid this would be a tourist trap but I was very happy with the service and the food. We got the fried catfish and fries. The catfish was fresh and light, the batter was flavorful and crispy and and not greasy at all. It was enough to feed two so very reasonably priced. The fries were good too. They're crinkle cut like Del Taco but 10x better. Great southern hospitality too, highly recommend!Food was good and the waitress was sweet but she made paying our bill really annoying, the manager (I think) made me go from pretty irritated to laughing, nice saveLoved it! Wait staff was friendly with a great variety of personalities. Best raw oysters I have ever had. The Red Fish Entree was better than amazing. We will come back!This place was hidden off of Bienville closer to the Riverwalk. I've been going to NOLA for the last couple years - never ate here before. I'll def go back next time. Food and drinks were phenomenal. The wait was not bad, service was great. Overall ambiance was awesome!!! Thank you for a great expirence.It was ok tourist place. The only complaint would be the waiter charged us $5 for hot water with lemon on the side.Blackened red fish was a welcomed delight. I thought it was a tourist trap but I walked out shaking my head. The crawfish bread and red fish had me sold! When in New Orleans give it a chance.Absolutely, THEE best char grilled oysters and Hurricane drinks 
Great wait staff!  (Ask for Gina)I was recommended to go here by a young bartender from Felix. Thanks thanks thanks iT was really nice I was under dressed very reasonable but white table cloth restaurant.  But the food was awesome I will be ready next time for this fine romantic dining. Barbecue shrimp was my favorite.Just finished lunch. Had the fried gator appetizer and fried fish plater. Any fresher and I bet I would have gotten bitten. Quantity very good. Great service too. Strongly recommend.Excellent.  Amazing bbq shrimp and grilled oysters
The fried red snapper is flakey.  The flavors in the pasta jambalaya were perfect. Service is friendly. Atmosphere is happy and relaxed.Oh My Lawwwwwwddddd!!!!! That was some great food!!!! The raw oysters were so smooth! Mehn and I thought Acme oyster house was good! This was much better!!! Also had the bienville oysters baked stuffed with shrimp, mushroom and some amazing sauce . For main dish got the taste of New Orleans absolutely delish!!! Could have done without the jambalaya thou!I think this restaurant is a chain and not a unique hole in the wall, but!  It was delicious, regardless, and our waitress Theresa certainly is one of a kind.  She made us feel completely welcome and taught us how to eat raw oysters!Amazing. A true authentic taste of New Orleans. From the shrimp and grits to the shrimp creole. It truly was a great experience, the Service was awesome. Make this a stop when in Orleans.Found on Yelp and although off the "strip" this restaurant is a must stop for oyster lovers. Had the chargrilled ones and they were the meatiest I've had outside of Appalachicola. Stop by, you won't regret it!!!Best place in town to eat delicious, reasonably-priced raw oysters. Not much to the decor, and tables are stacked pretty close together, but the oysters make a visit totally worth it.
We've eaten here a few times, and usually the service has been decent, if not great. Friendly staff, but they disappear on occasion.
We have also tried the charbroiled oysters, which are good, and the oyster po' boy, which is okay (I didn't love the bread it was on). The star of the show, though, is definitely the raw oysters.  Mr. Ed's has a few locations around town, so make sure you hit one up on your next visit to NOLA.Mr. Ed's had a very nice vibe from the moment I stepped in the door. The menu was very broad and filled with tons of delicious seafood choices. I tried the charbroiled oysters, and damn they were good but the texture is not my ting.
I also order the fries green tomato that was topped with their own house seafood sauce. It was like a party in my mouth! 
Definitely check out this place!!Great food, great service I highly recommend the fried cat fish also the jimbalaya Cajun rice. The raw oyster were fresh and deliciousWhat a wonderful place. Small, funky, and so full of charm and character. And now let's talk about the food!!! Amazing. We had fried green tomatoes (yum), the evening's special: blackened Cajun red fish, barbecued shrimp (which was not the red barbecue sauce I'm used to but an amazing butter and Worcestershire reduction), jambalaya (yum), and to cap it off, our charming waiter brought us a sample of Etouffe (yum) when we asked him what it was!  Absolutely delightful evening and delicious food. I highly recommend this restaurant.Ed my waiter was absolutely amazing... food was . Would definitely come back again. We had the seafood platter and couldn't finish it...  so goooodGood location, fast service, good food. A few more oysters on the Po Boy would have been good, but there was enough to have plenty of flavor. The turtle soup was very flavorful and the meat was tender.Awesome grilled oysters, Gator that actually tastes like gator instead of fried something, awesome service and great conversation with the wait staff. This place is on my list of places to go back to!So, I heard about Mr Ed's in passing, and was very glad I did. After being warmly welcomed by the inviting and charming staff, I got the char grilled oysters (which were just as good as their reputation) and the taste of New Orleans (enjoyed the crawfish etouffee).  I also grabbed a couple hurricanes which were quite flavorful, not too sweet, and very strong (I've had some that were too sweet, but this was right on target ).  This was the epitome of what I hoped to expect when traveling to New Orleans for the first time. I would easily advise French Quarter travelers to give them a visit.Fantastic little restaurant. Hands-down the best barbecue oysters I have ever had. Fun atmosphere and friendly wait staff.My wife and I had their roast beef po boy sandwich.  We were excited to have one for the first time but unfortunately it was one of the worst sandwiches we've had.  It cost $15 for the sandwich but it was mostly bread; very little meat and lettuce, tomato's etc.  It was the most expensive sandwich we've ever had, it didn't taste good, and it didn't have much between the bread.  If you're going to charge that much for a simple sandwich, then you better make sure it's amazing.  We went in and ordered it to go.  It took them 25 minutes to get us the sandwich.  This is NOT the place to go for po boys unless you want to be taken advantage of with very high prices and nothing to show for it.Really good, nice big clean oysters and a phenomenal banana creme pie. It's a must have.This unassuming spot was the best meal I had in New Orleans. We had just finished a swamp tour, we were all starving, and this was the first restaurant with good ratings that we found within walking distance. 
Mr. Ed's is in a two-story building with more of a casual, comfortable  atmosphere, and a separate bar. I wanted to try a little bit of everything. A friend and I shared the raw oysters and chargrilled oysters (butter and parmesan, mmmmm) and I ordered cheese grits as well as a small bowl of gumbo and shrimp/sausage etoufee. Yes, I may have over-ordered and was acting like a fat ass, but to me, it was a little sampler of the best of NOLA. After several disappointing gumbo dishes, this one did not disappoint. It was thick, hearty and flavorful, as was the etoufee. The chargrilled oysters take some time and didn't actually come out until the end of our meal, and we then we had to wait for them to cool down, but were they EVER worth it! Highly recommended, even if you don't order anything else. They were huge, and exploding with flavor. Even non-oyster lovers might appreciate them.
Cocktails - I tried a friend's Old Fashioned and wasn't impressed, so I stuck with wine. Some of the girls ordered some sweet, tropical drinks and liked them. 
Our server.... I wish I could remember his name.... was hilarious and had us cracking up throughout dinner. He made honest recommendations and was just awesome.
This is the place to go for the best representation of amazing NOLA food, in my opinion! Go with a big group and try everything!had an issue with the roast beef po'boy. Had an odd flavor that might be described as starting to be off. Not enough debris so it was drier than other places that offer these.  Mentioned to the server about this and no offer of taking it off the bill or offering something in its place.   I guess since it is the French Quarter there is nothing to be done. Alligator bites are good but sauce is not spicy.  Probably would not come back. Too many other options for food here   Server did take the sandwich off so kudos for her.  She will get a good tip for that.I wasn't an oyster fan at all however by the time I left New Orleans I am in love!! Michael and pat took great care of us and the food was amazing!!! Thank you again for treating us as locals!Went in for lunch on Saturday. We were seated right away. Our Server was great. Helped us on her recommendations. We had the Charbroiled Oysters that were delicious. Good size Oysters. We also had the Crawfish Bread. This was awesome! Extremely tasty with great flavor. My least Favorite was the Fish House Seafood Platter. (My reason for the 4stars instead of 5).. the breading wasn't that good. The catfish and the shrimp were good, however the rest was just ALRIGHT. 
Overall, it was still good and Service was good.We went to Felix and ACME - both lines too long. Came her - service was fantastic and food was fabtastic!!!!!!!The crawfish bread was DELISH! The gumbo was okay to me. The service was good and it was fast!The oysters were fresh, plump and delicious! We got a dozen each of raw & grilled. So good! Husband ordered fried gator app and our 3-yr-old ate it happily! I have never liked gator before, and this was really good. The wedge salad was huge and awesome. Great place when you want the real deal NoLa cuisine without the lines, inflated prices or grossness on Bourbon St. or Decatur. Family friendly atmosphere. I have to say that our server, Russell, made our night! He was so great, so engaging, took great care of us. Wanted to adopt him. Russell rules! Totally satisfying experience.Awesome oysters. Did not disappoint. Great service by our kooky and entertaining host Greg and waiter Jeff.Yet another place that will be remembered for the ambience more than the service.  The inside appears lively and very inviting.  This place has the look of a French Quarter establishment.  I had the salmon with jambalaya rice and grilled vegetables.  It was quite good.  The service was questionable and I felt the servers were focused on other customers more than on my table.  This is not a feeling you want at a restaurant!  Perhaps it was a shift change, but it took way too long to get a water glass refill.  This was while servers were dashing back and forth in front of our table and ignoring us.  All said, I would definitely go back if I had the chance.Charbroiled oysters here were WAY better than the ones we had at Drago's yesterday. Plump and delicious.I am rating this restaurant on my last day of my vacation. When compared to other similar restaurants we ate at (eg, Oceana Grill), I am giving Me Ed's 5 well deserved stars. We did not eat the oysters but opted for shrimp gumbo as appetizer and followed w/a shrimp poboy and seafood platter. Everything was very delicious. I had gumbo at other places & this one had more flavor in the broth, not bland. They did serve the smaller shrimp on the poboy, but it was plentiful & the breading was light. My husb ate the fried seafood platter & we both especially liked the light cornbread batter. The catfish was light & flaky, the shrimp was not overcooked or chewy, the oysters were tasty.  The wait staff and hostess were all very friendly and attentive.  This restaurant itself was very clean, including the rest rooms. I would definitely revommend.This was the last really good meal we ate in New Orleans and we saved one of the best for last! I almost made myself sick on their crawfish, the flavor was excellent and very spicy which is how I like it. My husband had gumbo which he said was really good. Also, we ate a bunch of oysters while in NOLA, and they probably had the freshest tasting ones that were served nice and chilled with all the fixins.Service was good. We tried the ettoufee, jambalaya, red beans and rice, and gumbo. The gumbo was my least favourite since it was very heavy on tomatoes. Jambalaya and red bean/rice was average. The ettoufee was the best and very tasty.I'm from Baltimore and we LOVE our seafood! So when i ordered the Fish House Seafood Platter I was hoping to get at least a couple of good items! EVERYTHING was good! I'm used to MD crab cakes so the spicy cornmeal coating threw me...but everything else was delicious. I had to take back a star for the crab cake.Mr. Eds was right on point, with Everything!!!!!
THIS IS NOT A TOURIST TRAP LOL!!! 
So we were seated rather quickly since it was almost closing time. We started out with the Chargrilled oysters DELISH!!!
 I had the crab cake dinner my husband kept it safe with the fried shrimp dinner, which was fried to perfection.
We also had the crawfish bread which was good also and a cup of creole gumbo w/ a lot of meat & good flavor.
The food came out so fast idk if because it was close to closing but it was still piping hot!!! 
Since I'm from New Orleans my husband and I like to venture off and try new restaurants. Well we took a chance with this gem. 
Y'all, i must say we tried a lot of chargrilled oysters in New Orleans and this place is in our top 2!!! 
Chile Let me tell you, good good food, reasonable prices, all our food plus drinks was $100 and some change. And we pigged out. We will be back in the Future!!! Thanks Mr. EdsUnfortunately the food was rather disappointing. However 5 stars to our server Russel and the maitre d. Both were wonderful examples of warm, genuine hospitality. We had the fried alligator, chicken gumbo, crawfish etouffe and cheese grits. We were disappointed with all 4 dishes. Lacked spice and flavor. The guests next to us who has oysters did rave about them so maybe worth giving those a try.Creole plate was great! Shrimp Creole, Crawfish Étouffée and Jambalaya. Fried Green Tomatoes were exceptional.Best fried catfish and oysters around. Lightly breaded and crispy. Great gumbo. Nice size portions too and Chris is a great waitress. I am going back there again.I was super excited to come here when I saw the reviews.  But my dining experience was A-OK.   Food took way to long and some of it was cold, flavors were good but we already had a bad taste with the service, although the server that took care of us was really nice she did everything she could trying to get the food for us but I believe she got a little too busy and forgot.Grilled oysters were great. Wasn't a fan of the Southwest ones with the jalapeño. I was expecting a freshly grilled jalapeño rather than a canned one. But the bread served with the oysters was divine. Catfish had just the right amt of breading and fish. Fries were fine but not fantastic. Fried alligator bites are tasty and plentiful.The bartenders and regulars at Chart Room are always recommending this joint, so i finally went when the craving for oysters became very intense a few weeks ago. The dozen i ordered did quite the trick.  Large (huge!), fresh, and creamy with a touch 'o the salinity- there are no complaints about these bivalves. Nor the coctail sauce. The shucker was rather charming and cared about his job. That may sound funny, but it makes a difference. The bartender Arienne was friendly and genuine - not overly attentive and not "lost in space" even though they were transitioning from one rush to the next.  All in all, i hope to return with a friend or two and try some other dishes.I was very pleasantly surprised with our dinner at Mr Ed's.  The staff was super welcoming and the food was fresh and delicious!  I had the blackened red fish and it was so good.  My first time eating red fish. The best dinner we've had over the past few nights!  Great value!To set the stage: this is the French Quarter in N'awlins where gulf oysters and mudbugs are de rigor. At Mr. Ed's, both are offered a variety of ways and in combination. As previously reviewed by others, the Char-grilled Oysters are in-freaking-credible.  The buttery garlic/parm topping provided an excellent richness to the briny bivalves. I admit, I added just a pinch of horse radish. The accompanying half loaf of sliced (almost) French bread was great for sipping up the butter & garlic.  I spoke with one of the chefs discussing some of the local variations (and secured one secret).  Crawfish etoufee boasts a rich sauce that perfectly complements the little crustaceans served with a mound of perfectly steamed rice.  It required a good sprinkling of Tabasco for my taste - but it is generally not prepared spicy.  All in all with a local beer on tap at a sidewalk table made an idyllic lunch.  Busy, friendly, dicey - but I'd recommend opening up the facade so windows can be raised/opened.We tried Mr. Ed's based on good Yelp reviews and we were very happy. The fried alligator, crawfish po-boy, and crawfish etouffe were outstanding. Also our server Joseph was attentive, knowledgeable, and funny. Great spot for lunch!Great food. A little expensive but good for what you get.  Great service and good ambiance.Great for Oysters. Always consistent with the food, but service could use a little pep in their step.The food was definitely 5 star worthy, but the overall experience was 4 stars because of the service. My husband and I decided to try out this restaurant because I was in the mood for oysters. The host was a very jovial person and sat us rather quickly. 
Have you ever watched molasses being poured from a container? It goes slowly, which aptly describes our waitress from earlier tonight. She was nice, but geez...she was slow and did not complete requests. 
For example, she asked me did I need anything, I stated I needed some more napkins. I never received them. I also asked for lemons and it took at least 15 minutes for her to bring a few out. Lastly, we asked for the check after we were finished eating and she brought it out, but the check sat at our table for almost 10 minutes. A manager noticed so he asked if we wanted him to run our check and we jumped at the opportunity. 
An hour dining experience was definitely stretched to over an hour and a half because of how she did not appropriately stop by our table to check on us. I noticed the other waitresses were very attentive and lively. They took the time to explain menu items and just seemed very enthusiastic about their service. I wished we had gotten one of them. Again, our waitress was nice, but the other waitresses we saw seemed to be more focused. 
But the food!!! The food was delectable! I had charbroiled oysters and they made me want to get up and dance. My husband has gumbo and he said it was the best gumbo he's ever had. We had an appetizer of crawfish pies that were amazing. 
The atmosphere of this restaurant is very upbeat. People were having a great time. We saw a few older people dancing and really enjoying themselves. We'd definitely come back, but we'd hope for a better service experience.Our favorite dinner place! Oysters on the half shell were the best! Crawfish crab cakes, jumbalaya and boiled crawfish. Our party of four sat at a bistro table outside on the sidewalk...perfect for enjoying the overall French Quarter atmosphere.First off...Chris was a wonderful waitress!  She is a walking ad for the restaurant!  The charboiled oysters were awesome!  Go here!What an amazing find! Stopped here on a whim and found a treasure. I've had the chargrilled oysters from many places and these are now my favorite. They have plenty of Parmesan cheese on them which I love! I also tried the Étouffée, jambalaya, grits, and bread pudding! Loved it all! Defiantly a must stop from now on.We enjoyed mr. Ed's that we actually ended up coming here twice. Our first stop was for lunch and for about 5 people we spend just over $150. It was a great deal considering we had 3 appetizers including black and grilled alligator, definitely get it this way instead of fried, calamari and a seafood bread. Don't skip out on the seafood bread just because it doesn't have a description. Between the Cajun sauce comma the Crawfish and everything else wonderful about it it was definitely crowd-pleaser and sizable enough for everyone to share. I can't quite remember what it was but you don't know what I'm talking about when you see it on the menu get the bread.
The number one most important thing to get if you come here and of course like seafood but you better, is the charbroiled oysters. Now I'm not usually an oyster fan but these things were delicious. At a fairly reasonable price these oysters are garlic butter recover and Parmesan broil to Perfection and come with bread for dipping. You're definitely going to need more bread to scoop out the delicious sauce for meat shell. This is a must-have dish.
Portions here were quite large for the main dishes. Pastas and salads were huge and even the cup of soup was definitely more like a bowl. Our waiter for lunch and dinner we're both very nice with great recommendations. I would definitely recommend this place to a friend.We went to Mr Ed's oyster bar as we heard it was great for charbroiled oysters.
The charbroiled oysters were amazing as advertised. Definitely the best tasting I had in NOLA. For main's, my girlfriend had the Creole Redfish and I had the Redfish Orleans. The Creole Redfish was very flavourful, really enjoyed the way it was seasoned. The Redfish Orleans was blackened redfish topped with crawfish étouffée. However, both tasted bland to me (although not terrible).
Overall - this is a great place to go to try charbroiled oysters and a decent choice for dinner.Tried to go to Acme but the line was around the block. Got seated almost immediately here. Shava greeted us outside and made us feel welcome. The Creole Gumbo here absolutely embarrassed the gumbo at the Creole House. We had the crawfish boil, cab cakes and the taste of New Orleans. All the food was great. Latoya was great as our waitress. Shava was he man with all around superb customer service. He made us feel like friends. If you come to NOLA, eat here!!! Thanks for a wonderful dinner.Came here for an impromptu B-Day dinner not expecting much but it was really very good!- Great service and the seafood platter was just right..perfectly fried and fresh. Had 2 dozen raw oysters and was very satisfied with those too. Give it a try!Terrible service. Waited over an hour for our food. Was informed they were out of bread for the poboys and the manager needed to run out to get more. Ordered alligator bites and found a hair. Waitress comped our drinks and appetizer and we left. On top of that the waitress said. " this happens every Sunday nite". Never go there again.Came here bc we were starving. Sat at the bar with Steve as our bartender. He showed us the New Orleans way to eat our oysters. I have never enjoyed an oyster so much in my life. The he introduced us to the Ed'sbloody Mary and the experience of was complete. Exceeded expectations.WORST restaurant in the French Quarter!! We began our night by sitting down with a table of 5 women upstairs. We waited 10 minutes to be greeted by a server (I believe his name is Terrell) who obviously did not want to be there. About 5-10 minutes later we received our waters and a couple drinks we ordered. It took an additional 10 minutes to get our food ordered because our server avoided our table for reasons that are unknown at this point.  We placed our ordered which took forever to get to our table. When the food arrived the server messed up on two of our orders mine which I ordered the crawfish crab cake pasta which was put in as the dinner instead of the pasta. My friends meal which she ordered the fish house seafood platter and even pointed to it on the menu and the server still got it wrong! My food took 10 minutes to get to the table after the server screwed up. We were trying to be reasonable with the server but after seeing the large group (about 12 Guys) behind us sit down and get the drinks immediately and then receive their food in about 10 minutes after that just made us mad. We asked in the beginning of our night if we could split the checks he said no but said we can put multiple cards on the check. We went further into the conversation to ask how that worked if we just give him a certain amount for each card and he said yes only to find out that was not the case and he said we had to split it evenly. (Let me just explain what kind of bullshit and laziness it is when one of the girls only ordered a $9 salad and the other a $26 meal... are you crazy?) Anyways we figured out the check ourselves by putting it on one card and venmoing our friend our individual totals. Well you think that would be easy for our server to put the entire check on one card... nope it took him almost 15 minutes to run the card and we had to go and find him because we had already been there for TWO HOURS and wanted to leave! We pulled the manager aside and explained our experience and all he did was argue with us and roll his eyes. I have never experienced a level of such rudeness and disrespect in my entire life. The manager tried to fix his shitty attitude by buying us all a drink to fix our experience... um absolutely not we would have been happier with an apology or respect. This restaurant truly doesn't even deserve 1 star at all but I will dedicate it solely to our amazing hostess Gregory for being so kind and amazing to us. He did not have to get involved but he did and tried to make our exit a lot better by giving us tickets to the house of blues for that night and the following he even walked us out of the restaurant and down to the house of blues. As we were exiting the restaurant our server was yelling at us "get the f**k out" over and over again. This restaurant was probably our worst experience in Nola thus far! Thank you Gregory but whoever the owner is (Mr Ed) I would seriously consider figuring out who you have representing your restaurant.Oyster fest this year was basically rained out so we headed out in search of some raw on the half-shell.  Acme was swamped even more than usual as was Felix's so we decided to try Mr Ed's.  There was no line and no wait.  The barker/greeter/waiter was very friendly.  The dining room was freezing cold (as most quarter businesses keep temps the the summer), but delicious seafood smells wafted warmly throughout.  The "hurricanes" weren't bad and the oysters we fine but it was overpriced (as most quarter establishments are).  Sill, got oysters fast and hot and that was enjoyable.The food was delicious but the service needs a little work. The oysters were good but for some reason the kitchen didn't bring out everything. We had to ask for our sides. Our favorite thing was the fried alligator. It was a nice experience but I think we will try some other restaurants before we come back.Food was good but the service was terrible
I ate here on March 6, 2016 and was very displeased with my experience.  The food came out and everything looked delicious and fresh.  Then the waiter came over to fill up my glass of water and ended up spilling most of the water into my bowl of shrimp and grits.  His response was "Oh did I miss? My bad."  My dinner was now swimming in a half inch of water.  He hardly apologized and did not offer to bring me a new plate or give me a free dinner.  So I left hungry and paid for a meal that I didn't get to eat all of because it was drowning in the water he spilled into my bowl.  I definitely will never be eating here again.The best barbecue shrimp in New Orleans!! The gumbo was among the best I have ever had, but hands down, the most memorable and delectable BBQ shrimp ever. I will be dreaming about this dish for a while.For our last supper in New Orleans, we wanted to eat some oysters. This place was nearby and had great reviews, so we decided to check it out. There was a small line out front, and we were told it would be about a 10 minute wait. No issue! When we got inside, we knew exactly what we wanted to order, since they have menus available outside where you are waiting. Our drink orders took quite a while to come, but I know bars can easily get swamped, especially in New Orleans. Our service was good and the restaurant had a great atmosphere with real candles.
Street Tea: This was their take on a Long Island Iced Tea. It was okay, but I would not order it again. My friend got their drink made with pineapple juice, and it was great!
Louisiana Crawfish Bread: This was life changing. The bread was crunchy on the outside and soft and pillowy on the inside. PLUS it was teeming with melty cheese, delicious sauce, and seafood chunks. We devoured this bread in about 3 minutes. A must have!
Charbroiled Oysters: We ordered these after a recommendation from a tour guide. They are a must have in NOLA for a reason. The slight char flavor, mixed with butter and Parmesan cheese made these oysters the table favorite. The French bread was immediately dipped in all the juices left in the shells and on the plate, and a good time was had by all. There were definitely some sounds that were uttered at the table that may not have been family friendly. AMAZING!
Bienville Oysters: These oysters were also very good. They were savory and very flavorful! 
Southwestern Oysters: Another winner! The spice wasn't overbearing, and the flavors were well balanced.
Crawfish Rockefeller: Can you even go wrong with oysters topped in crawfish? We had to wait a little while for these babies, and they were worth the wait. 
All of the oysters were fantastic, and you really can't go wrong with any of the options. This was definitely the best decision we made on our last day in the Big Easy, and if we return to the area, we will be returning here!This place exudes what the Quarter brings as far as quality service and ambiance.  The place is clean and well organized.  I had the pleasure o sitting upstairs and watching the world go by.  Don't miss this spot if in town.  Wow.Great experience! Southwestern charbroiled oysters were a hit! Some of the best gumbo I've had in NolaExcellent Service the minute we walked in the door.  Server and manager were friendly friendly! Then came the Grilled Oysters....Amazing! Crawfish cheese bread was very tasty..then the Pasta Jambalaya...It was also very Flavorful! The bread is a must try also! This will be our go to place when returning to French Quarters!I would give it a ZERO if I could. The only nice person was the hostess. It was not busy at all. I could see the manager and about 8 employees yet NO ONE BOTHERED  make eye contact. I stared them down but nothing even the manager was just watching TV. We walked out after a few minutes because I was starting. Can't speak on the food because no one came to take our order. Sucks when you come all the way from Cali to eat here and they're such crappy service!!!This place was definitely a great choice as we made it a point to have charbroiled oysters on this trip and it did not disappoint at all! The oysters had amazing flavor of Parmesan and butter, it also comes with toasted baguette beard to soak everything up which definitely added to all of it! The charbroiled just gives it such a distinctive taste, you definitely need to try it. Oh, and the prices are really great $11.95 for half a dozen and $18.95 for a dozen. Not bad at all. 
We also tried the Fried Green Tomato's with Seafood Au Gratin. This was absolutely delicious! Such a creamy flavor to the Au Gratin and crispiness with the fried green tomatoes. I would definitely try other things on their menu as well! 
The service was great! From the guy who sat us down, to the lady who made sure we had waters and our server who was great!Fried Alligator and Crawfish Crabcakes! Stopped by this place while walking around the French Quarter and they had just what we wanted, a taste of the local cuisine. This was just a snack, so I can't say much for the rest of the menus, but we got a look at the Poor Boys coming out of the kitchen and we might be going back to try those out, too. Our waiter, Russell, was also very nice and made the experience enjoyableThe catfish is wonderful and you can't beat the customer service.   I sat at the bar and Mike was the bartender.  He whipped up. Mexican mule with 1800 Tequila.   D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S!!!!!Best oysters Bienville I've had since Katrina!  NOAL Blond draft and a salad wedge balanced the meal. Now ready to be a tourist!We had a great experience at Mr. Ed's with good food and good service.  We ordered fresh oysters, charbroiled oysters, gumbo, and wedge salad with a white wine.  I am forgetting something we ordered, but all of the food was equally delicious!  We sat upstairs by the windows and could feel the good ol New Orleans festive vibe.  It was the best cajun food I have experienced, and would definitely return.We went here for dinner with a group of six on a Saturday night around 830 and didn't have to wait, even though the restaurant was pretty full. The drinks we had were pretty good and the raw oysters were great. I had the crab cake pasta which was good and very rich. Other people in our group seemed to like their dishes too, which included the combo platter, jambalaya, and chargrilled oysters. One person got the bread pudding for dessert and said it was amazing. Overall I would recommend this restaurant.The BBQ shrimp appetizer was delicious! 
I had the seafood gumbo, which seemed a little light on the seafood, but maybe someone just got a little heavy-handed with an immersion blender.
My husband had the crawfish etouffe. He said it was tasty, but the portion size was awfully small for a $19 entree.
Service was good.
Interesting urinal in the men's room.This was a pretty random stop on the way to somewhere else. Steve the bartender hooked us up with a few versions of oysters with his own twist that where amazing. He was friendly a local and fun. Food and drinks were great. Highly recommendAwesome, generous chargrilled oysters, come with plenty of parm and garlic and a nice hunk of fresh bread. Beer selection could be better: just a couple of macros and some Abita/NOLA, but the beer was fresh and tap lines clean. Finished up with a very generous cup of seafood gumbo that was flavorful and loaded with shrimp and crab.Everything was delish!
From the raw oysters, grilled oysters, fried shrimp to the crabmeat augratin!! 
Service was impeccable and we had a party of 7!
We WILL BE BACKNoooooooo! Why do I keep having off experiences at restaurants that are rated higher than 4 stars?! :( Initially, when I arrived at the bar I was overlooked. Once I was noticed, the customer service excelled from then on. I ordered the shrimp platter to go. The shrimp were served piping hot so I know they were fresh! The platter was loaded with shrimp (16 to be exact), but there was no flavor in the shrimp or the batter. I ordered the jambalaya instead of fries. I couldn't tell you how it tasted because I was thrown off by the presence of white rice in jambalaya. How is that even possible? The customer service is what saved them from a two star review. I'll come back and dine in to give them another try because it wasn't a horrible experience and I'd like to try some of their menu items. The meal wasn't wasted. There's a homeless man in NOLA happy that I didn't fully enjoy my meal LOLThe only redeeming feature of dinner was the fact that we did get food and that the company was good. The seafood gumbo was cold and tasteless, the shrimp and grits kind of gross, honestly.  Food took forever, and the waiter was a bit full of himself. I don't usually write reviews but this was exceptionally bad.food here was just... decent.
alligator was just a simple fried appetizer with dipping sauce... #overrated 
char grilled oysters were over charred... go to Felix for char grilled oysters, it was to die for!We stayed in New Orleans for three nights and Mr. Ed's was one of the highlights of our trip. We got to the restaurant at around 5:00, and there was no wait (we had wanted to make reservations but when I called earlier in the day, I was told they don't take reservations). We were seated right away. We ordered the crawfish bread (delicious and filling all on its own), a dozen charbroiled oysters (sooooo good), and the seafood platter w/ fries (also delicious). Everything was seasoned perfectly. The charbroiled oysters were divine. Our server was Aida (maybe Aidy), who was attentive and friendly. I would go back again in a heartbeat.Wow. The grilled oysters are amazing, as were the onion rings. We ate at a lot of places over the course of 4 days, and felt that this place was the best by far and away.Came here for dinner. Service started out great but went down hill. Drinks were never refilled. We started out with grilled oysters and that dish was wonderfully made. Our main dishes were not so great. I had the tour of New Orleans and it was ok except the sausage was cold. My wife had shrimp and grits and it was a disappointment, it was over salted and the grits tasted like instant. I'm not sure why this place received so many excellent reviews.This place was amazing.  Food was authentic and delicious.  Try the crawfish bread.  It is life changing amazing.  We had the seafood platter and were very happy.  So much food!  Best part of the evening was our waiter, Krys.   Ask for her!  She will hook it up!!!Ridiculously good food at a fair price. My gf said they were the best oysters she has EVER had! I had a shrimp Poboys and it was amazing. A must do when in NOLA. Go early in your trip, you will be back.The staff at Ed's are great!  Very attentive and pleasant. The wedge salad is a very healthy portion and the blue cheese is quite nice.  We shared the Redfish...also very good.We ordered 2 dozen char broiled oysters and they were delicious. We also ordered a side of the rice which wasn't as flavorful as expected, we could've done without it. Dessert was bread pudding, I think and it was good.Great food, great host, very good servers. Try the crawfish bread. It's cheesy, creamy and oh so good. The creole gumbo & chicken/andouille gumbo were good as well. This place is cozy (small) but accommodating. If I had one complaint it would be that the service, although friendly, was a little slow despite there being about 8 servers in the place while we (2 people) were there. May have been shift change. I'll be back next time I'm in NOLA.When we walked through the door the greeter told us we would not be disappointed and he was right. The Cajun Jambalaya is awesome here if you like spicy food. My wife had the crawfish po boy and she loved that as well.The Food was good. It was recommended to us by a server from another restaurant. One tip, if you go, do not get seated upstairs. The carpets (possibly because it was mardi gras) smelled awful and were super sticky. At least the smells goes away once your food arrives. Minus one star for the carpet vomit smell, cos that is really not appetizing. Our waitress has some difficulty splitting the credit cards up. 
The rest of the stars are for the food. Crab cakes were excellent and crab meat hefty. The spinach, artichoke and crawfish dip os a must.I just had dinner here with my family and the food and service was great. Brian was helpful and offered great service to the family. You got to order the oysters, all and any style will do. You got to try this place!Our dinner here was the best food experience thus far in New Orleans. The host on duty was so sweet- I'm sorry I didn't catch is name. Our waiter Patrick was great! We followed his recommendations for food and had a wonderful meal. The crawfish bread is melt in your mouth good! Highly recommend it. We enjoyed a prime cut rib eye with their bbq shrimp on top served with a scoop of jambalaya and sautéed veggies. It was one of the best steaks I have had in a long while and definitely the best at a restaurant in ages. If you don't get to eat at Mr Ed's while in Nola I think you are missing out !Okay, here goes...
We went into the restaurant and was asked if we would mind placing our drinks order but wait about 10-15 minutes before placing our food order because the kitchen was backed up. We're somewhat locals, so we had no problem waiting. The hots guaranteed the food was worth the wait.
We sat at our table, and our waitress (short-haired white lady who seemed nice) came over and took our drink order. As she was cleaning the table next to us, she complained about them leaving her a $3 tip. (I think it was six of them). We knew that wasn't right!  Our waitress came over again and apologized and said she was sorry about the wait and she was coming to take our food order in a second. 
Well...
She took the order for the table to our right (there were 4 people at that table) AND she took the order of the table to the left (there were 2 people at that table), THEN she came to take our order. She made the comment, "I took their order before yours but I promise I am going to put it in before I put in y'alls." (There was 4 of us).  That didn't happen. The other two tables mentioned before got their food first AND the 4 gentlemen outside at the table got their order before we did. My friend asked to see the manager. He did come over to see how could he make it right.  
The waitress went to the register with the manager, and came back and said the manager was going to comp the drinks. We didn't understand why they wanted to comp the beverages since it was the food we had to wait on. But, since were were running late to our previous engagement, we said okay. 
Well...
Once the waitress brought the ticket out, we noticed all the beverages were NOT taken off the bill. Again, we asked to see the manager. The waitress was getting agitated with us, so I went to restroom.  When I returned, we were told that everything was on the house because the manager wanted us to return. 
I will say that the food was amazing, but the service we received was horrible! I would say that if we WERE to ever return, I would look to see if that waitress was working. If she was, I rather have Lucky Dogs (and for my locals, you know that's saying a LOT!).The oysters. Absolutely amazing. I had the charboiled oysters, which were covered in butter and parmesan. I was so full, but I wanted more! The fresh bread that comes with the oysters has a parmesan crust on top. It makes me drool just thinking of my dinner. 
We started off with the calamari and the crawfish pies. The sauce that comes with the calamari has so much flavor. Fried food is typically fried food, but man that sauce. The crawfish pies were pretty good as well. 
If you like oysters, the wait isn't too bad. We came here during the high of Mardi Gras weekend and were able to get a table. We were too stuffed to get dessert, but not drinks. I loved the rum punch. Doesn't taste like kool-aid. Check this place out!Mr. Ed's had a nice vibe and there was a small wait when we walked by so we stopped in for some good eats. First was the half dozen baked oysters. I'm not a fan of baked oysters after trying them but my husband enjoyed them. I ordered the Creole Redfish (blackened w/shrimp). After eating Redfish the night before at another venue I was disappointed but my husband loved the shrimp on top of the fish. The jambalaya was mushy as well as the veggies that also looked more brown then the tempting green colors they should have been.  My husband ordered the boiled crawfish dinner. It was good. If we were to come back it would only be for the crawfish but you can get good crawfish boiled dinners in many places. We also had red beans and rice on the side. It tasted as if it came straight out of a can with mushy rice. The likelihood of us returning to Mr. Ed's is never. I would rather try another place in hopes to find GREAT Southern food. Don't let these photos deceive your taste buds!Shrimp po' boy was excellent and the red beans and rice and crawfish patties were too! Loved it.Insane charbroiled oysters, oyster po-boy and probably the best meatball po-boy I have ever had.We ate here our first night in town. The food was great, with large portions!! A must stop while visiting. The service was also excellentRidiculously amazing!!! Catfish - meaty, thick and tender - just like I like my man. Shrimp and grits - spicy, rich and SUPER flavorful - just like I like my man. Raw AND charbroiled oysters - the reason you go there, the reason you stay and the reason you go back. I want to marry this place and move in IMMEDIATELY. GOD BLESS THE CHEF AND STAFFERS! The wonderful service almost outshines this indescribably delicious food. Go there and go often.  
Thank you, Kayla!!Great place for seafood. Probably the best place for charbroiled oysters when comparing them to Acme and Felix's. Their crawfish bread was also delicious and was a carved out loaf of bread with a crawfish, sauce, cheese and bell peppers in it. It was definitely good like the Yelp reviews had mentioned and one do the reasons why we chose Mr Ed's. Service was great too and our server, Tam, was attentive and entertaining. Definitely a place we would return to during our next trip.Great casual eatery in the French Quarter with great crawfish etouffee, oysters, blackened redfish.  Dinner prices are comparable to similar restaurants but the food was very tasty and the portions were big.  Service was good, friendly, a little bit slow but we weren't in a hurry.Good food & service. Nicely tucked away off the beaten path and you will miss it if you don't look. We had the nachos and they were excellent along with crab cake pasta and shrimp po-boy.This was a perfect surprise to find this little gem of a place in the Quarter.  We are from Maryland and love our Oysters.   We ordered them on the half shell and had more of them char grilled. The oysters were fresh and locally caught.  The shucker knew exactly how to prep them as the meat was totally separated from the lower shell.  Bravo to the shucker as the oysters were plumb and a couple of them too large for my daughter and niece to handle. The grilled ones on the other hand were cooked to perfection with a parmesan herb and butter that just blended perfect.  Even my wife who only eat MY Oysters Rockefeller eat one and thought they were delicious.  
Oh by the way, the server was absolutely marvelous as she was extra attentive and fast and kept us all laughing while we were enjoying the experience.
This was just getting past the oysters.  Then came the rest of the Lunch. We had the grilled mahi (yummy) and the shrimp and cheesy grits (perfectly done). I prefer the tails not be one when cooked in a sauce but this is my own issue.  We also had the crawfish and loved it all. 
When in New Orleans I'm going back to this place fo sure.Maybe I've already been to the best places in New Orleans, but this place was not very good. The food was bland and flavorless. We tried a shrimp PoBoy, the calamari, and fried alligator. Unfortunately, the PoBoy isn't a traditional PoBoy and the Shrimp, calamari, and alligator all tastes the same and had the same bland batter. The only thing saving this review is that the Seafood Gumbo is really good!!!!Delightful charbroiled oysters. Came here during Mardi Gras and only had to wait a bit for a table in the French Quarter - which was amazing.I went there with a group for my bachelorette party for lunch.  They said they were out of gumbo!? Out of gumbo in the French quarter?  That wasn't fun but I looked past it.  I did order the spinach artichoke crawfish appetizer and that was pretty good.  I really don't have a raving review for this location.  Service was good.We are locals and frequent the Kenner and Metairie locations which we like. Called to make a reservation this afternoon and was told by Ricky the manager that we didn't need reservations. Of course, when we get here they are booked with reservations. The host was sympathetic and got us a table about 40 minutes after we arrived; he also brought our table a complimentary order of crawfish bread which was good. Sat down at 7:40 and got 2 dozen raw oysters pretty quick; it is 8:30 and still waiting on 2 other appetizers. Got our entrees at 8:55. Food was decent.  Overall, the amount of time we waited put a damper on the overall experience. We will stay in Kenner and Metairie.