This restaurant is fantastic....and not just the steaks...their veal chop is the best thing I've ever eaten!!  The service is impeccable and the ambiance is perfect.  Definitely a must!It was my Husband's Birthday so I wanted to treat him to a nice dinner somewhere. I had always heard Mr John's was better than Ruth's Chris (which is where we usually go) and wanted to dine there.
Recently, Mr John' s advertised a Groupon and I bought it.  I made our dinner reservation through Open Table.  I had left a message on the answer machine at Mr John's but no one returned my call.
We arrived at Mr John's for our 6pm reservation. We were seated at the very first table upon entering the dining room. I was not happy with this table, it appeared to be a busy traffic area, near the kitchen entrance. There were several empty tables (at least 8) in the room but when I asked the hostess for a different table she said the other tables had been reserved. We sat at our assigned table and dealt with the high foot traffic going by the table.
The waiter staff were great, very attentive. We started with a bottle of red wine, we enjoyed this wine having visited the winery recently in CA and knowing the winemaker as a past physician I worked with. My husband ordered the turtle soup and I had the wedge salad, both were very good. We both ordered the filet's. I would have given the restaurant a 5 star except they switched the steaks. I like rare and my husband likes his steak medium rare. I don't think they knew they made a mistake?
I had called Mr John's just before leaving home for the restaurant to ask if they did anything special for Birthday's. I alerted them it was my husband's birthday.  We ordered creme brûlée for dessert.  Either the message was not passed on to our waiter or he forgot to recognize the birthday.  The creme brûlée was good, but my husbands birthday was overlooked.
It was about 7:20 pm when we were finishing up with the bill.  I looked around the dining room once again before leaving, everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves.  More people had arrived but noticed there were 3 tables by the front windows that were still empty.  I wondered if we were seated based on having a Groupon???  Our table was in a busy noisy traffic area!
Although I would recommend this restaurant and would like to return, I was a little disappointed in how the evening turned out. It was important to me but seemed insignificant to them. I have to agree with my friend that said Mr John's is slightly better than Ruth's Chris.I had such high hopes. The service is like junior high school with no teacher in the classroom. The floors look dirty. The air vents are covered with dust. The steak,although hot ,has no sear. It's not good food. SorryBy far, the BEST steakhouse in town! 
My family and I had three-in-one birthday dinner here. Everyone was very hospitable and courteous. Justin and John was our waiters for the night and were very attentive. 
To start off, we had the fried calamari, fried green tomatoes, tuna, and BBQ shrimp. They were not bad but my fave would have to be the calamari (but that's because I just LOVE calamari). As for the entree, I had the filet mignon and OMG, The BEST steak I've had! It was cooked to perfection and very flavorful! But be careful, it does come on a sizzling plate. And last but not least, the bread pudding for dessert. One word, YUM! I finally found a place with good bread pudding! Maybe next time I'll ask them to lighten on the chocolate syrup, I'd prefer more of the white chocolate :) 
Overall experience, wonderful! We will definitely come back here.The steak is the thing but Mr. John's failed to deliver. May as well have had choice from the grocery story. No flavor and tough and chewey. The sauce on the pork belly tasted like it was made with a frenches gravy packet and the mashed potatoes had all the substance of flavorless water. Big disappointment!The Best Steaks in Nola! You can have Morton's, Ruth Chris, and Crescent City Steaks any day..Drop me off at Mr. Johns. The tuna appetizer, fried green tomatoes and crab meat dish were delicious. Let's not leave out the andouille/crawfish Mac n cheese and Tabasco onion rings. I love this place. My filet mignonette and my husbands new York strip were delicious...Best steak in the city hands down. Amazing food and outstanding serviceOMG SOO GOOD!
My family and I came here for the first time for my birthday. We ordered almost every appetizer and every one of them was delicious. My favorites had to be the Peppercorn Crusted Yellowfin Tuna and the Who Dat Shrimp. I could've eaten both apps entirely by myself!
The downside to this place is it's very small and when we went, it was a weeknight so super crowded and loud. However the food is soo good you won't mind it too much ha.Was always my favorite place for a steak in NO. Had a bad experience last night. The seating was wrong, we requested a waiter and didn't get him, the drinks were weak and a member of the party had a steak over cooked. It was really just a bad experience. Something has changed at Mr JohnsMuch hyped steakhouse but average at best. Came here for an anniversary which was noted in the reservation but no mention of it from the hostess or server which isn't a huge deal but most higher end restaurants usually would at least say congratulations. We had 2 servers but the service was marginal, again not horrible but below what an expensive restaurant should be. Food was ok but not great. Had shrimp cocktail fried green tomatoes for apps. Had the NY strip for dinner, was tough for being a prime cut and the bearnaise sauce lacked a good flavor. Dessert was Creme brûlée which they serve with this sugar crumble on top which gave it an unpleasant texture. Overall disappointing.Excellent steak. Comparable to Ruth's Chris.  Large salads.. My son had the Caesar and I had Caprese (biggest Caprese I've ever seen!).  Nice atmosphere, but loud.  I agree with others in that service was very efficient but not overly friendly, which together could lead you to feel a little rushed.This place is so good! One of my top favorite steakhouses in New Orleans for sure. My favorite cut is the bone in ribeye so that was an obvious choice for me. Ordered it medium rare and it came out perfect! The steak was finished with butter and had an amazing sear. We had a lot of sides for the table, but the most memorable had to be the onion rings. They have a hint of crystals hot sauce and are lightly battered, my favorite kind of onion rings. If you're more into the beer-battered and thicker onion rings, this might not be your choice. Great place and I can't wait to be back!Went there Friday night after I arrived. No reservations because they had a Groupon (whatever that is). Was told if I came between 8:30 & 9:00 they could probably seat me at the bar. Arrived at 8:45 and was told 2 in front of me. By 9:15 I had still not been seated so I asked if I could order to go = Yes. Placed my order which did not arrive until almost 10. My hotel is right next door. Unpacked my $100 dinner. The salad was cold, the garlic mashed potatoes were warm, the filet was the correct color but cold and the lobster tail was so over cooked I couldn't chew it and it was totally cold. Most disappointing meal ever in New Orleans.When you turn the door knob and step onto the white tile floor at Mr. John's, you're transported to old New Orleans dining. 
The smell of butter, garlic, and parsley sizzling & popping from a fire-hot steak plate swirl around you. Well groomed staff carry bread baskets, butter ramekins, and uncorked bottles of wine around to guests. The large, wood-framed windows, allow you to watch the historic St. Charles Streetcar zoom past. It's the type of place you bring your parents to so they're allowed to recount fine dining in New Orleans decades ago...or the type of place you bring a large male group of friends to splurge on too many bottles of wine, too large a steak, and far too much profanity!...or the type of place you come as a couple and somehow get swept up in the ambiance and feel as if you're the only two in the restaurant. 
The wine-crisp. The steak-one of the best in New Orleans. The side dishes-complimentary to any entree. The bread-warm & fresh. The service-top notch! My boyfriend and I each enjoyed a glass of Chardonnay and then we shared the soup of the day (Crawfish & corn in a cream base), a 10oz filet cooked perfectly, and an order of well-seasoned asparagus.  What a great meal! 
Thanks, Mr. John's. We'll return!Heard very good reviews about this place so my boyfriend wanted to try it out. They sat us in a table in the corner under the tv and near the hotel entrance. Other guests constantly walked by. The fire under the butter for his lobster couldn't stay lit with all of the foot traffic. The bus boy was more of a waiter than the actual waiter. The bus boy gave impeccable service and apologized for our seating arrangements. We were told it's because they were busy. 
The food was great but the service quickly brought it down.The best meal of my life. 
I had the Pan seared red fish with lump crab meat and gulf shrimp. The difference in flavors was absolutely unprecedented for any seafood I ever had. The sheer taste of the food almost knocked me off of my chair. It's that hard to describe! It's as if the red fish massages your tongue to a nap. Very suttle and moist. 
It's been a few years and to this day I dream of one day returning to eat there. 
I will say that apparently there was an ownership change and the menu does not appear to be the same either. I hope however that the quality has not diminished. 
I look forward to going back when I visit my friends and family again. I will post an edited review if anything is substantially different.We love Mr Johns.  The wait staff, hosts and all simply are top notch.  Really love the always lively dining room with really good food.  We loved The Who Dat shrimp and the rib eye was cooked to perfection with a flavorful but light seasoning.Still the best steak in town, well seasoned and sizzling in butter.  All 5 of us were happy with our steaks as well as the sides.
They're losing two stars due to kitchen/service issues.  Albeit they were slammed on a Saturday night, I can't give them a pass on it.  Water was filled appropriately and appetizers came out on time.  However, there was a HUGE time gap between the apps and the arrival of entrees- we waited over an hour between apps and entrees, which is unacceptable. In the meantime, the waiter put out 4 steak knives instead of 5, and I had to ask for an additional knife.  Finally, we ordered desserts and coffee.  The desserts came out, but we were told they were making coffee.  The coffee never showed.  I'll give them this: all apps and entrees came out synchronized, which is a plus.
I will go back because I really love their steaks, but overall service tonight was sub-par.  I think the root of the problem was that the kitchen crashed.  Thankfully, the quality of the fare didn't suffer.My husband and I came here for our anniversary dinner! Food was superb! We were really impressed. Service was great and the wait staff was really welcoming. From the moment we walked in the door we had amazing service. It was a tad loud in the restaurant but it didn't take away from our amazing meal! We will def be returning!We really enjoyed our meal at Mr. John's and the wait staff were great, but the older gentleman who seated us was indifferent and downright rude! We were originally escorted to a table in the corner near service entrance-when we asked to be seated elsewhere we were told that most of the tables were reserved (and yes we had made reservations  well in advance). When we left there were numerous tables still available-what has happened to service???This is the place. Everything was excellent. Service was wonderful. Waiter was extremely knowledgeable about steak. He really helped us order the right cuts. The steak was heavenly. It melted in your mouth. I had the ribeye and it was so big I couldn't finish it. There was a fantastic selection of huge side dishes. The flourish of serving all entrees at once with multiple wait staff on sizzling plates was quite impressive. The atmosphere was very Old Style New Orleans, and very dark. Dessert selection was limited but tasty. This was the best meal I had in New Orleans out of six. I highly recommend it. Prices were reasonable for a white linen tablecloth experience.Mr Johns steakhouse is by far the best of the beat steakhouse I've ever encountered! My boyfriend somehow got us a reservation 5mins before they closed and we got seated and served without no attitude or anything. We were introduced to some red wines and specials. Right off the bat, the wine was delicious! We order their special softshell crab and it was amazinggggg!!!! My boyfriend had his original Caesar salad, which you can't go wrong with. I had veal and he had steak. The preparations of both entrees were AMAZINGGGGG. It was cooked just right and tasted tooo damn good. We were surprised and way too happy. The service was wayyyyyyyyyy beyond our expectations just because we got their so late. Everything was perfect. If my boyfriend and I order dessert after being happily fed, we are definitely on cloud 9. For the price, it beats Morton's and Ruth's Chris! 
We would love to go back, but they close so early, it conflicts with our schedule, but as soon as we can, mr. Johns is our #1spot for another rendezvous!!! 
HIGHLY HIGHYL HIGHLY RECOMMEND TO TRY IT OUT!!! YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!!Both steaks and sevices are absolutely phenomenal!  My sister and I went there about 2 times in the past year, and both times are great.  We both ordered ribeyes and it was so tender and juicy.  It's definitely best steak in town.  Servers are very professional and nice.  We will definitely go back.I love a good steak. When I go for steak I just want the steak with some basic sides. I want it cooked to perfection and the cut to expectation. Mr. Johns delivers on this. Are you kidding me!! I have not been to all steak houses in the US, but I dare to say that this place is at the very top of the list.Mr. John's never disappoints.  Each time I have ordered the filet medium rare and it comes out perfect each time.  The sizzling plate with butter popping is such a great sound to hear.  For this past visit I tried the Fried Green Tomatoes with Crabmeat.  The remoulade was perfect compliment to the crabmeat and perfectly fried tomato.  For appetizers I got the Onion Rings, which are a must get, and the asparagus.A very disappointing experience.  We had Saturday night reservations on a recent vacation to New Orleans.  When we arrived, we were seated in a small section of the restaurant immediately adjacent to a party of 12 having a loud celebratory dinner.  Since we wanted to talk over dinner, we asked the woman who seated us, and then our waiter, if we could be seated elsewhere in the restaurant.  They simply said no.  They made no effort to accommodate our request in any way; they did not ask if we wanted to sit at the bar, or if we wanted to wait a half hour to try for another table, or any other option.  So we left, walked down the street, and had a very pleasant dinner at Houston's jazz restaurant (and listened to some great live jazz).Top 5 steak that I ever had. The asparagus soup with crab was terrific. The Cowboy rib eye steak was cooked to perfection. My friends had the special soft shell crab appetizer, I missed that, but hope to have it on my next visit. They  also had the rib eye steak and loved it. The hot sauce dipped onion rings, perfect. The 2010 Negretti was perfect. The creme brûlée and NY cheese cake with Rasberry sauce delicious. The garlic bread the best I have had out. The service on point and super knowledgeable and friendly. We almost went to another place but the yelp reviews swayed me here. Thank you Yelp.Best New York strip in the city....hands down. Service was impeccable. Valet parking helps tooOn a chance off day, I was able to finally give Mr. John's Steakhouse a try!  The service staff was professional and slightly detached, but they remained attentive.
I didn't know that lunch was only available on Fridays, so that in and of itself was a treat. We received a delightful appetizer, a meatball made of remnants of the week's choice cuts.  Delicious!
The barbecue shrimp were plump and perfectly seasoned and the bread was perfect for soaking up the sauce.
If there is steak on the menu, my husband is ordering it.  He enjoyed the ribeye which was a well-seasoned, tender cut of heaven.  I dared to try the fish of the day...panseared sheepshead topped with crabmeat served with a vegetable medley in a lemon butter sauce.  Divine!
Leave room for dessert! I couldn't pass up the creme brulee. I get it wherever I go.  My husband devoured the red velvet brownie that was topped with vanilla ice cream.
Until next time...I had the rib eye and my wife had the filet  best steak I've ever eaten. I would have to say  my wife gave me a bite of her filet and it was better but you can't go wrong either way.Great dinner.  Food, service and atmosphere were good.  Their "specialty" steak is their New York, and it was great, but I preferred the Ribeye.  It was outstanding!The dinner was outstanding!
However, the bisque was thin and light with the seafood, but very delicious.
Also, very noisy and couldn't hear the waiter for the initial presentation.
Overall taste was outstanding!Came down for Jazzfest and found this place near my Airbnb . Old world charm and good food. Was able to secure a table with no reservation. I had the trout and my friend had 2 lobster tails and a salad. It was all very good. I will have to come back and try the steak. The desert menu consisted of the usual suspects, cheesecake, brownie with ice cream, etc. service was exemplary and staff worked fast. The trout took a little longer to get to the table but staff brought me a vodka tonic on the house for having to wait. Also this is a great neighborhood for having after dinner drinks.I've been fortunate to have dined at Mr. John's several times over the past couple years, and I am consistently impressed by the quality of the food served. I think it's easy to forget about Mr. John's, given its location on a stretch of St. Charles that seems past its glory days, but the visit is well worth it.
Appetizers are all generous, and seem like they could stand alone as entrées, given the level of detail that's put in to each item. It should also be noted that the appetizer menu offers a lot more than wedge salads. The bread served pre-entrée is also quite good. Steaks are consistently cooked to perfection, and arrive sizzling in butter. I think I died a little just thinking about it. The sides are on the heavy side, but the potatoes au gratin are pretty amazing, as is the creamed spinach. Wow. Just died some more. I don't know how anyone could possibly make it to dessert after the rich, creamy consistency of those side dishes alone. I have yet to try any of the pastas or non-steak entrées on the menu (I can't peel myself away from the thought of a tenderloin or strip steak), but I'm sure they would meet my expectations, based on other food I've had.
One thing I'd also like to note is that the wine list is pretty extensive, and while I'm not a huge wine person in terms of knowledge (isn't it enough to know that I like it?), I can say that the pricing isn't prohibitive, and that servers are happy to recommend a bottle or glass.
Service at Mr. John's, in my experience, has always ranged from above-average to excellent, and the wait staff operates with a friendly sort of no-frills, no-nonsense attitude, which I appreciate, as I don't like being nagged or asked a million questions when I'm drowning in creamed spinach. As you've probably seen on the restaurant's website, prices are high but comparable to similar restaurants. Parking, either across or slightly down the street, is easy. I'd highly recommend you make reservations well in advance for dinner, given the restaurant's rather recent surge into popularity.The ribeye and NY Strip were both done very well although I felt like too much butter was used. So much so that it took away some of the flavor of the steak. The carpacio and who dat shrimp were both very good, tomatoe and mozz salad was excelent. Overall the meal was exactly what I expected it would be, a great steak and overall pleasant dining experience. The cheese cake dessert was not very sweet which was disappointing. After a meal as a savory as steak and potatoes, I hoped for sonething sweeter. 
Definitely on par with other fine steakhouses in the area.Hands down my favorite steak house,ever! I've been here a bunch a times and the food and service is always amazing! We ordered the filet, ribeye, turtle soup, BBQ shrimp, Freddie's Mac and cheese, mashed potatoes (with truffle Demi sauce-highly recommend adding this) andddd crystal onion rings! Disappointed they were out of the pork belly which is my absolute favorite here but it just gives me an excuse to go back again soon ;)
Highly recommend this place!!I have been looking for a Steak in New Orleans that is better than the Ruth's Chris in Baton Rouge and I have finally found it.  Simple and delicious, the steaks at Mr. John's melt in your mouth and stay hot and sizzling until the last bite.  I definitely recommend this place if you are looking for a perfectly broiled filet.  Decent prices. Great wine selection.Best steak in the city hands down. I came here with my wife and everything from the service, apps, salad and STEAK were great. Our server recommended an off the menu macaroni and cheese that had andouille sausage in there. I still dream about it. We can't wait to go back.Awesome atmosphere! Personable, customized service and great food. The best choice in a steakhouse in NOLA....hands down. Our server, Mr. Gindy was terrific! Dessert is a must.So so so good! Incredible meal, perfectly done steak, incredible wait staff (ask for Mike!), tastiest crab cake ever. They also have a great wine list. I will say their reservation dept and phone answering (they don't) needs work and the maitre'd seems short (never even said hi). Other than that, love this place and it's in the top 3 of best steakhouses in New Orleans.I took my boyfriend here for his birthday and was not disappointed. My ribeye was one of the most delicious steaks I have ever had. The side dishes were also excellent, and I was very satisfied with the service as well. I would definitely recommend this place for any steak lover in New Orleans.Went here twice and both times the food was EXCELLENT. Highly reccomended. We got the BBQ shrimp, petite filet, and the Cowboy Steak. Everything was great and cooked just right.  This is by far the best steak I have tasted. It is pricey, but worth it!!We did not have much of an appetite and ordered only appetizers:  Crab cakes and Barbecued Shrimp.
Both were excellent.  
Make reservations before you go - it was packed on a Tuesday night in the main dining room - think there were seats available in the bar.A first choice for special occasions or even an above average dinner when we have a few extra coins to spare! This is the best steak house in New Orleans. Always top-notch service and consistently perfectly presented and mouth watering apps and entrees! I've been to all the big name steakhouses in NOLA and they far outshine the comps! Desi Vega is the sister restaurant with an identical menu but a more contemporary atmosphere! Have been to both and prefer Mr. John's of the two!!! You won't be disappointed with Mr. Johns! 
Happy Eats! -CandyMr John's is outstanding.  The service is impeccable and adds to the dining experience.  After you order they bring a mini meatball to start you off.  I had the crab cake appetizer and the petite filet.  The crab cake was out of this world and the best I have had in the South Louisiana area.  There was so much crabmeat and not a lot of breading.   The filet was cooked perfectly with so much flavor.  I would definitely recommend a visit.  It may be the best steakhouse in New Orleans.  Use Yelp to make your reservation.  They called the day before our visit to confirm the reservation.I went last year for my birthday and enjoyed every second of the meal. They gave us a great table by the window, and everything was perfect. I had the surf and turf (steak and lobster), and it was so delicious! I can't remember everything we had, but I do remember them coming around with some "tastes" of appetizers, and they gave me a little free dessert. I haven't eaten at many steakhouses here, but I feel like this one is under-recommended. I would like to go again soon! The dining room is very small, so I recommend a reservation.
Tip: they serve their steaks on sizzling hot plates with lots of butter, so prepare your clothes beforehand!Came into this dim lit beautiful restaurant and the smell was absolutely delightful! 
I am here celebrating my birthday and the menu has endless mouth watering choices.
My beautiful queen filet mignon with the lump crab meat and I ate the filet blackened with garlic mashed potatoes .. Bon appetite!I recently dined at Mr. John's with my parents and boyfriend for my birthday, and have to say I was highly impressed. The restaurant is cozy and sleek, with mosaic tiled floors and a dimmed dining room. The entire restaurant smells like succulent steak. From walking in the door we were met with five star service. Our server and server assistant were on the ball, providing us with answers to our questions about the menu and prompt service. 
I split the Caesar with my Dad (it's large enough to share) for an appetizer. The salad was crispy and fresh, and the dressing was perfectly balanced with the acid from the lemon with the brininess from the anchovy. For my entree I had the filet mignon prepared medium-rare. It was tender and flavorful. I often order steak rare, as even at steak restaurants the meat sometimes comes out overcooked; not at Mr. John's! My steak was cooked correctly. We shared the family-style mashed potatoes, macaroni and cheese, and creamed spinach. All of the sides were amazing. My Dad and boyfriend each ordered NY strip, and both said that their steaks were cooked as requested and were flavorful. My Mom opted for the fresh fish. She ate everything in her plate, so I think she enjoyed it! The only "meh" moment came at desert time. We split the cheesecake and bread pudding. Neither desert was bad, but in comparison to the rest of the meal, they seemed to fall short. 
If you want excellent service and excellent food, check out Mr. John's!Waiters were very attentive- sometimes coming over to fill a water glass after taking one sip. 
Had the ribeye- chewy, tough, and overdone. Price for this steak was $55
Son had the surf and turf- he is 17 and eats almost everything in excess. The steak was tender, but the surf part must have been cooked right next too or on top of the steak. His steak was "fishy" tasting and he wouldn't eat it. Price was $55.
Another son, age 15 had the filet. His was the best. His was tender and tasty. 
My daughter had the Caesar salad as a meal- cost was $13. I thought this was good. And the portion size was good. 
The sides were steak fries- $7 for 5 French fries.
Mac and cheese- $9. I love Mac and cheese and it was ok. Nothing special. Also had cheese potatoes- I basically ate this as my meal. I thought they were the best thing there.
Overall, I'd say the service was very good. The food was average, rather pricy for what we got. The atmosphere was nice.Noise level from buisness men or who ever the group was...was unbearable.  The matradee was rude and directed us to THE BAR.  when we said we wanted desert. Wound up getting it to go and took it to our room.  If they would have sat us at a table we probably wound have had drinks or wine with our desert...oh well....their loseSat at the bar. Kari was very friendly and attentive.  Ribeye with loaded baked potato was the best I've had in a long timeUNBELIEVABLE!!!!!  Best filet I have ever had, Service was fantastic.  Had filet, fried green tomatoes, and bread pudding for desert.  Highly recommend each of these and a trip here.Local New Orleanian, who loves great food, LOVES this restaurant.
 I have had the pleasure of dining at Mr. John's twice this month. The food is EXCELLENT. The steak was cooked to perfection, the staff is friendly and professional.I recommend the sweet potato side, which is so decadent and amazing.
Just the two of us, so we sat in the bar to eat.
I highly recommend Mr. John's.Amazing food!!! A memorable food experience for a foodie like me. One of the best in NOLA so far. Will definitely be going back!!!Located off the the route of the St. Charles Street,. this restaurant is accessible by public transportation with the st. Charles Street Car. Reservations are required, although the place was largely empty when I arrived at 5:30pm. Service was attentive but the food took time to arrive. 
Food was great. I had the crabcake appetizer and fillet mignon entree. Crabcake was made from scratch and has a great tangy taste. Fillet Mignon was well prepared and also tasted tangy and lemony. 
Full Disclosure: I bought a discounted gift certificate for this restaurant and used it for my meal. I felt prices for most items are expensive.My husband and I celebrated our ten-year wedding anniversary and my birthday at this establishment last night. He had the Braised Pork Belly (appetizer) and Ribeye (entree). I had the Turtle Soup (appetizer, first time eating) and the Two Lobster Tails (entree). Our meals were cooked to perfection. The wait staff was cheery, friendly, and attentive. Ambience was so nice. I wanted to cry because everything went to so well. Tip: get your car parked by the valet. I would come back to eat here again. I highly recommend this restaurant.My boyfriend took me here to celebrate our anniversary and I was surprised to find out that this place has been around for quiet some time.  This is probably the only steakhouse that I've been to who uses real butter! The flavor and fragrance is soooo wonderful! However, the appetizer wasnt at all memorable so I've already forgotten what we ordered. Furthermore, I dont know if it was the time of night or what but in order to go to the ladies' room I had to walk through the kitchen with all the staff gawking at me. Plus I was walking in brand new high heels and the floor was a little scary.Staff was extremely friendly. Started with turtle soup that was very tasty. Split the porterhouse for two with garlic mashed potatoes and Freddie Mac and cheese sides that were all mouth watering. If in Nola I would definitely go again.Overall great dining experience in an old school, dimly lit steakhouse.  Celebrated anniversary and everyone from host to servers were friendly and congratulated us.  Extensive wine list.  Ordered a rose champagne that was delicious and husband said his Old Fashion was a bit on the sweet side.  Server brought out a celebratory meatball with a candle for both of us along with some garlic bread soon after we sat down...both were ok but nothing I'd pay money for.  For appetizers we ordered the Who Dat Shrimp and French Onion Soup.  The Who Dat Shrimp came with 4 good sized stuffed shrimp wrapped in bacon.  It was unique and was sort of an Asian fusion dish...perhaps because of the sauce.  The French Onion Soup was a tasty traditional soup with perfect amounts of broth, onions, bread, and gooey, crusty cheese.  The appetizers were the highlight of the meal.  We each ordered a ribeye (medium rare & medium)...it was good but not the best steak we've ever had (as a lot of people seem to claim).  For sides we tried creamed spinach, Freddie Mac & Cheese, and Crystal Onion Rings.  The server brought out regular spinach but was quickly remedied without question.  The sides were all delicious but nothing amazing.  The andouille sauce in the Freddie Mac & Cheese was a unique touch but I couldn't see or taste crawfish.  The onion ring was light and crispy but perhaps a little too vinegar-y for us (we might like the regular onion rings without Crystal batter better).  Good portions and we took a lot of leftovers.  We opted not to order desserts.  Used a Groupon and server quickly scanned the Groupon with no issues.  Not the most kid friendly restaurant but children welcome (I believe there was one child while we were there).  Valet parking available and car was ready for pickup as soon as we left the restaurant.  Would recommend...ok steak but appetizer and sides were tasty and sufficient to make a meal.Blown away! Live in New Orleans and it was our first time. We had house salad and heart of lettuce (iceberg wedge basically). The freshness of the lettuce and tomato were amazing. We split the porter house, medium rare, which is a filet and New York Strip. Outstanding and great value for two. We brought our own bottle of wine, corkage was steep at $25, but we enjoyed our 2009 Shea Pinot noir.  
Apps were asparagus which were cooked to nice crunchiness and the Crystal hot sauce onion rings. Only had room to sample these but the few I tasted had that distinctive flavor of Crystal and nice tangy taste. For desert we had the special berry flavored bread pudding which included blueberries, blackberries, and strawberries. Absolutely delicious! The view of the constant parade of street cars and pedestrians provided quite the people watchers dream. 
Near the end of dinner we saw someone dressed as a roman soldier, scooby doo, among others. Only in New Orleans! Great find, but unhappy it took us this long to make our first visit. Highly recommended. Valet in front!Awesome dinner; onion rings were very good and flavorful, filet Oscar was cooked perfectly, and the brownie a la mode was sinful. Highly recommended this place but book way in advance...My husband and I celebrated our 28th wedding Anniversary @ Mr John's 11/14/15 and it was FABULOUS from start to finish...A night to never forgetWe have been to Mr. John's many times and they didn't disappoint last night. The special appetizer of fried oysters with meunière sauce, topped with candied applewood smoked bacon and fried parsley was out-of-this-world and with 9 oysters could easily be shared or an entree. David started with the soup special, which was a delicious crawfish/corn bisque, also with bacon. We both had ribeyes. They were cooked perfectly and just melted in our mouth. The sweet potato mash needed something, maybe some maple syrup and the mac'n'cheese was just OK, but the mound of thin, crispy onion rings that had been marinated in Crystal, were fantastic. They were not the least bit greasy, very flavorful with just a little tangy. Our waiters, Aaron and Tony were attentive without being intrusive. It was a wonderful meal!Mr Johns is the very definition of a classic steakhouse. From the get-go, you can tell your about to be treated to class A service and a quality food experience. I was introduced to Mr. Jones through a friend of mine who's been living here for the last nine months like a local. My guess is is that unless your local you might not even know that Mr. Johns exists.
Trust me this is a place you want to know about.
We went the classic route -- starting with a plate of fried oysters.  They were absolute perfection on the table!  They really just don't get any better than that. Lightly battered, cooked perfectly, with an unusual almondine/New Orleans style sauce. Really spectacular.
It was followed by a classic wedge salad- blue cheese and bacon over lettuce that was steakhouse crisp. 
However the coup de gras was the main course - steak. My buddy had told me this was the best strip steak he ever had in his life -- a pretty tall order to live up to. 
He was right.
I have had a lot of pretty good steaks in my life as well, in some of the most famous steakhouses in United States and even in the world including Argentina. I can't speak for all the other steaks on the menu - but I will tell you this:
The New York strip was hands-down the best New York strip I have ever had.  Absolutely tender and flavorful beyond description. A religious experience. 
Sides were well done and flavorful - no complaints- but the steak was absolutely the star of the show. 
If you're in the mood for a classic steak dinner at a quality steakhouse I would definitely recommend Mr. Johns. Go for the signature New York strip--  it is a super high-quality piece of beef cooked to perfection.
Reasonably priced wine list rounds out the selections. Steakhouse prices pretty much on par with what you would typically expect. 
When you want to get your Moo on, Mr. Johns is a great place to satisfy the craving.took 10mins for our waiter to greet us, 15 mins for him to take our drink and dinner order. We ordered a btl of Coppola cabernet & the waiter read the btl to himself AT our table before explaining to us what it was about. He could've done that discretely somewhere else. For appetizers we ordered crabcakes and the tuna, both ok. We ordered two filet mignon med rare and ny strip med & the order was somehow mixed and had to get our steaks re cooked. Our creme brulee was burnt. By then we wanted to speak to a manager. The manager was too busy drinking and chatting with another table behind ours to approach us and bad move on their part got another server who was clearly a server lie and say he was the manager on duty and asked what was the problem. worst first and last experience. What a joke.My husband ordered the filet mignon. It looked so delicious that I are almost half of it. I ordered the veal alysa. It was very large. It is not diet friendly. I did not realize that the veal was fried. The chef put fresh crabmeat on top. I will not order this dish again. We will return for the shrimp appetizer and the filet!We started the dinner off with the calamari which was mostly traditional but with added olive salad, which was a nice addition. Then we had the butternut squash and crawfish soup, a special of the night, and it was very good. The crawfish had to be local Louisiana because they were large and not chewy! Then we had steaks. I had the petite filet and my boyfriend had the regular filet which were both delicious. 
It's expensive but it's worth it. I had a bad experience at another upscale New Orleans' restaurant in 2014 but Mr. John's reminded me why I love upscale dining so much.
Service was impeccable, attentive but not overwhelming.The food here is all top drawer!  We had the onion rings as an appetizer and were very pleased with that flavor, the spice under the coating was excellent.  The real treat was the porterhouse for 2, my oh my what a steak!  The sizzling butter plates, ala Ruth's Chris was a welcome touch as well.
I plan on being a frequent visitor to Mr Johns!Hands down, the best steak in town.   We went on a weekday night and it was packed...even though we had reservations, it was still about a 20 minute wait.  To accommodate us, the bartender offered us a drinks on the house.  
Ambiance:  pub-steakhouse type atmosphere.  Wood paneling but very cozy.  When you step in, the smell of butter saturates our senses!
Service:  Good service.  Staff was attentative despite the crowd.
Food:  
Starters
1. Caesar Salad:  good... love the large slices of Parmesan instead of the shredded.
2.  Fried Calamari:  when I see fried calamari, I always order it.  This one was different but really good still.  Crispy and tender with a olive mixture and Mariana sauce.  I'm not a fan of olives so I could of lived without them.
Entrees:
1.  NY Strip:  OMG! seriously great!  The steak comes out on a hot sizzling butter dripping plate.  It was the most tender, perfectly cooked and seasoned steak I've ever eaten.  The great thing about this steak is that because it comes out on a extremely hot plate, the steak stays hot the whole time unlike other steak places, when you get to the middle, the steak is somewhat cold already.  But if you love butter, you'll love that the steaks at Mr. John's are cooked in it!
2.  Crab Meat Ravioli:  Another great dish!  It homemade ravioli in a butter sauce.  There are about 6 pieces of huge ravioli on the plate, which was more than I could eat.  
Sides: 
1.  Garlic Mashed Potatoes:  Good but I still like the mashed potatoes at Morton's better.  I was eying the Potatoes Gratin but next time it will be on my table!
Overall, Great Food!  Its expensive but well worth the price.  A must try to meat lovers but remember to make reservations!Mr. John's is superb. I've been here about six times, and each time the steak was cooked perfectly to order, sizzling in clarified butter on a hot plate. For guests who don't eat meat, don't worry. Their seafood dishes, though usually limited to the catch of the day or lobster, rival any seafood restaurant in the city.  Their sides are amazing, too, and and the service is always solid. In fact, my only potential criticism is that sometimes the staff are so attentive, that sometimes you actually want them to hang back and stop checking up on you. But if you like quality service, that's a good problem to have.Perhaps the best steaks in New Orleans. Food is ordered perfectly with great service and a fun place to have dinner. 
Mr. johns and Desie Vegas steak is same owners and have the same great food and great service. 
I have had steaks in many places in Nola, this one takes the cake.After hearing rave reviews about this place from friends, I finally got a chance to experience the awesomeness when Lum treated me here for my birthday.  There may be more famous steakhouses in New Orleans, but not one of them will have better food or service than Mr. John's.
THE GOOD
Ambiance:  The moment you walk in, you know you're in an Italian steakhouse.  Tiled mosaic floors, wood-paneled walls, bare-bones decor...it's like you're eating in 1920s Chicago.  And an even better plus: it was not dim in the restaurant.  I could actually see the menu without straining because of the darkness, unlike some steakhouses in this city *cough* Ruth's Chris *cough*.
Price Point:  Is it more expensive than a typical dinner out?  Of course, but compare the steak prices here to other fine-dining steakhouses in the city or around the country for that matter.  I was pleasantly surprised by all the prices on the menu as they were all lower than what I expected, and certainly less expensive than the bigger-name places.  Appetizers all $12 or less, salads all under $10, with a 10oz USDA prime filet mignon only $39?  That is more than fair folks.
Spinach Salad:  Perfect cold dish between apps and steaks.  Fresh spinach leaves, perfectly crisp bacon pieces, non-overbearing vinaigrette.  Even better, since we were sharing the salad they split it into two bowls for us and put the ridiculously-tasty gorgonzola cheese on the side (due to the GF's diet restrictions).  Nice little touch that did not go unnoticed.
Sides:  Both the asparagus and garlic mashed potatoes were done very well, especially in the way they were able to complement the steaks: no overpowering flavors, not even from the mash.  Another nice added touch was not cooking the asparagus in butter (their usual method).  It really takes very little for the chef to make accommodations like that, but it goes such a long way in pleasing the customer.
THE GREAT
Cowboy Steak:  Twenty ounces of bone-in ribeye AMAZING-NESS.  In my opinion, the best cut of steak possible, rarely offered at chain or even non-chain steakhouses since they tend to stick to the boneless ribeye.  Why is the bone-in legendary?  More robust flavor, more marbling, more meat texture...more everything in comparison to the boneless, and Mr. John's Cowboy Steak certainly delivers all those characteristics and then some more.  On their menu, they state that "steaks are seasoned with a little salt and pepper because a steak like this needs nothing else."  It's like they can read my mind and hear my heart's desires.  Perfect medium-rare temperature ALL THE WAY THROUGH, perfect amount of seasoning so you could truly taste the steak.  Utterly amazing.  Best piece of beef I've eaten since Morton's porterhouse about 11 years ago.  Actually, it's probably better.
Filet Mignon:  Ten ounces of the most tender filet I've tried, period.  I think in all the years I've eaten steak, I've never had the opportunity to eat USDA prime filet.  Most big name places don't serve it (what you get is usually choice) and at places where they have had it, I usually go with the ribeye anyways.  While the bone-in ribeye holds the dearest spot in my heart, this filet really gives it a run for the money.  Almost melt-in-your-mouth tender, again with perfect medium-rare temperature and excellent simple seasoning.  Mr. John's truly knows how to respect and pay homage to their beef.
Peppercorn Crusted Yellowfin Tuna:  Even the apps were excellent.  The peppercorn on the outside of the tuna sear really made the fish pop and have that extra depth that is sometimes lacking in raw foods.  The Asian slaw was a perfect complement to the tuna, and the citrus-ginger soy sauce just sent the dish over the top.  The combination of all the flavors worked very well together, and you could tell that whoever came up with the dish truly understood what it meant to have food items complete each other.  Very inspired appetizer.
Duck Confit App Special:  At first glance, this was nothing super special.  Even as separate entities, the duck, the grits, and the vegetables were good, but not great.  Put it all on one fork, however, and it became phenomenal.  Once again, the chef absolutely meant for all 3 parts of the dish to be eaten in one bite, and it made total sense.
Service:  Knowledgeable about the menu?  Check.  Personable and relatable?  Attentive without being overbearing?  Able to cater to specific dietary needs without prompting?  Did the extra little things that enhance a dining experience?  Checks all around.  Mr. John's does not offer the fanciest service in town, but their servers really know how to help make your meal as pleasant and memorable as possible.
OVERALL
Is there any question as to how much I loved eating at this steakhouse?  I'm so thankful to Lum for taking me here, and so thankful to Mr. John's for living up to my already-high expectations.  Steak-lovers:  Try it.  You'll love it.I was really looking forward to this place after everyone told me how amazing it was. We reserved a group of 8 for a Friday night. There's valet if you circle around a few times and can't find parking. It's a bit fancy white table cloths, dim lights. It's great for a date night for sure. 
*Apps
Sizzling Crab Cake - by far one of the best crab cakes! Loaded with crabmeat with the perfect amount of spicy mustard!
Braised Pork Belly - very interesting to say the least, not sure I would order this again. 
Fried Green Tomatoes with Crabmeat - very fresh with good portion.
Who Dat Shrimp - ehh, exactly like the description. I didn't even notice or taste the crabmeat,  not worth the price
*Entrees
Ribeye
Porterhouse for two - HUGE, it's worth it. + side of truffle butter, soooooo goood. 
*Sides
Potato Au Gratin
Freddie Mac & Cheese - pretty tasty
Asparagus 
*Dessert
Bread Pudding - Thissssss was the savior! I would come back for this, and only this. 
*Disappointment 
My ribeye was very chewy. The ONLY compliant. 
*Service
So our server had tons of personality for sure. He was very accommodating and attentive. The last two of our friends were a bit late and we didn't realized they closed at 9:30. Our server noted that the kitchen was waiting on our entree orders earlier on... At that point, we felt rushed. So we went ahead and ordered our entrees around 8:50 and our friends arrived ten minutes after. They also ordered immediately as they sat down. I think our food quality suffered a bit because we ordered really late and the kitchen didn't put as much love as they could have. 
I only gave this place 4 stars because of our server! If it was just for the food, it would've been a 3. I can't say I hated this place because there were some good dishes. Our bill summed up to $800, which I couldn't say was that worth it. Crab cakes and bread pudding would be the only TWO reasons I would come back.Mr. Johns is hands down, my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. It has been for YEARS! I remember like 10 years ago (can't remember if it was before or after the storm) when it would almost always be empty when I went in. Not anymore!! The food is awesome, the service is on point, and I haven't ever had less than a great experience there. I wish I liked it less, my wallet would be happier!!What can I say, Mr John's is always really good.  Went for a business dinner during the week and while we had a large 14 person table, everything came out on time and together. I had the Caesar salad and ribeye, both were amazing.  Had a number of passed sides including the onion rings (amazing), mac-and-cheese (good), creamed spinach (great), potatoes (good).  Also had a bonus appetizer on the house, a single meatball, it was really good.  Need to try the Italian food here one day, but can't tear myself away from the steaks.The food was very good it was like 220 for us 3 but we ordered 3 steaks and 5 sides I did like the fillet better then the big steak tho I must sayNYE 2013! 
I made the reservation in October for NYE Dinner. Reservations were filling up quickly so make them early for major holidays. Through opentable I got a reminder email about my reservation and the restaurant called to make sure we were still coming the day of. 
The food was bursting with flavor. I had crab cakes and lobster my friend had who day shrimp and veal 
Amazing! 
The salad was amazing 
Everything was perfect 
The wait staff was very attentive 
The ambiance was nice 
I definitely recommend for those who wasn't a finer dining experience at the fine dining priceAll I can say is this place was amazing!!! Service was superb, everything was cooked exactly to our liking!!!It was good. Don't get me wrong. I just did not get the Wow factor I was looking for from the reviews we saw. Maybe because it was a Tuesday night? I'm giving them a 3 out of 5 .Mr. John's gives you everything you'd expect from an old-school steakhouse: plush surroundings, expertly cooked meat, melted butter sizzling on ludicrously hot plates, 14,000 calorie preparations for spinach, and a solid wine list (including a good by-the-glass selection).
Logistics - we valet parked at the adjoining hotel. When I asked if that was ok and what the charge was, the attendant shrugged and took our keys. I assumed this meant either parking was free or my car was being stolen, and since we got our car back after the meal, it turned out to have been free parking.
More logistics - make a reservation! The place was crowded, with a 45-60 minute wait even at 7:30 on a Thursday night. The secret: the bar and lounge serve a full menu! Although the lounge was booked up for a private event, we cozied up in the bar to wait for at able and slipped into a couple seats within ten minutes.
Food - as I said, the food is luxurious and calorific. If you are eating out in New Orleans, whether as a visitor or a native, you have already made your peace with butter and cheese and cream - a requirement for a meal here. We started with turtle soup, a local fave and well done here. For an entree, I got the cowboy steak: a bone-in prime ribeye which serves as my staple steak order in Seattle. Served here topped with melted butter, I found it almost too rich. Don't get me wrong - it was great and it was exactly what I had ordered - but I will choose differently next time. My girlfriend had the NY strip, which was outstanding, richly flavored with a perfect sear and meltingly tender. I would recommend it absolutely as the go-to steak at Mr. John's.
The bartenders were gracious and attentive - at first it felt like we were imposing a bit by eating a full meal at the bar, but they warmed to us, talked enthusiastically about wine, and steered us to some great eats and drinks.
It was a great meal at a great restaurant, and that's what earns four stars from me. A definite on my go-back list when I'm in the mood to eat land meat.Came here for a celebratory dinner with my boss and it was a wonderful experience from beginning to the end! I highly recommend Michael as your waiter! The Who dat shrimp (wrapped in bacon and stuffed with crab meat) is easily the best appetizer I've ever had. Would come back just for the shrimp! Creamed spinach and Crawfish Mac and Cheese were phenomenal sides! The New York Strip was divine along with the Bernaise sauce which was a perfect compliment to the steak! 
Easily the best meal I've had in New Orleans! Some great wines also!So good, can't get enough of this place. Absolutely delicious. We order the bacon wrapped shrimp, crab cakes , calamari and everything was amazing. Then we order the petite steak and other two different ones and was so full of flavor. As sides we pick the sweet potatoes, taste almost like dessert, mushrooms, mashed potatoes, Mac n cheese witch it was to die for, and spinach. Everything was excellent. To finish the diner we order the tiramisu and the pudding I believe. Both were fantastic. I felt like I was about to explodeWow. Simply blown away and I truly feel lucky to have eaten food this amazing! We ordered The Who Dat Shrimp to start and it was as good as I've seen other Yelp users have said. We split a Porterhouse for Two it was cooked to absolute perfection, seriously I have never eaten anything more perfect. Also got Freddie Mac and Creamed Spinach both were also delicious but we struggled to finish it all. Our sever was Gindy (SP) and he was a genius with the wine list! I feel extremely happy with this special place. Looking forward to coming back!I went to Mr. John's for my birthday dinner during Jazz Fest.  The service was wonderful and the steaks were amazing.  I enjoyed every bit of my meal.  Even though I prefer the sides at Crescent City, the steaks were on par and the service was above and beyond.  It's a pricy treat, but I'll certainly be back.The best STEAK restaurant in NOLA! Steaks are all made to perfection. From the savory flavors to the tenderness. The porkbelly appetizer is also my number fave.
Dessert : bread pudding and creme brulee! Yum!Amazing food, ambience and servers. I highly recommend ordering the fish. I loved the Pompano on a bed of veggies topped with crab meat. It was delicious.My roommate and I went this evening thanks to the Living Social deal.  The food was phenomenal and the steaks were cooked to absolute perfection.  Both the Filet Mignon (10 oz.) and ribeye were tender and juicy and the twice baked potato and potato au gratin were generous and delicious.  We also ordered the fried green tomatoes topped with crab meat and like everything else was fantastic.  The wait staff were all friendly and attentive.  The atmosphere was great as well.  The dining area is upscale so you can enjoy your meal in relative peace and watch the people and streetcars pass by.  Despite the price of everything (very pricey), it is an absolute gem of a restaurant and is hands down one of the best steaks and dining experiences I have ever had.Best steak I've ever had. It was so good that I didn't order dessert. I considered the steak my dessert. Well worth the price! However, I don't remember having access to regular sides - like steamed broccoli. From what I remember, everything is drenched in butter and cheese (which I love, but folks need at least 2-3 healthy side options).I make it a rule as a life long service industry veteran not to review our local restaurants. I am so frustrated at what happened at Mr. Johns tonight that I am boiling. I made a reservation two weeks ago for 6:30. I thought I made it for 7:00. My pregnant wife and I show up for her 30th birthday dinner at 7pm to be told we cannot have a table. There was no confirmation call. There was no "hey you are late, are you still coming." My wife and I went to Morton's for an absolutely fantastic meal. I know people who work at both restaurants and they will know who I am when they read this. Sorry fellas can't tell people to go to your place any more. Teach your people to take care of their own.Mr. Johns was outstanding.  My ribeye cooked perfectly was served on a sizzeling platter.  Telling me not to touch it was pointless since I had no intention of turning my hand into molten lava.  The Freddy Mac and Cheese with sausage and crawfish topped it off as well.   If you like that sort of thing this is a must.  I was seated at a table in the bar.  they had a very small TV.  The service was a tag team of Greg and Justin and both were great.  Very quick, efficient and friendly with good suggestions.Fantastic! I had the ribeye and my wife had the filet.  Both were cooked to the correct temperature.  They do bring the steaks out on a HOT plate, so the steaks stay warm throughout the meal.  We also had French onion soup, broccoli au gratin, and garlic mashed.  All were very good.  
If you are visiting, it is about a $10 cab fare (plus tip) each way from Bourbon Street.This steakhouse has been in my "want to try" list for a long time. My son's birthday presented an excellent opportunity to dine there. As a long time local, I was anxious to compare Mr Johns with Ruth's Chris and the Steak Knife. 
Our group of four started with the Onion Rings and Pork Belly appetizer. Despite some hype about the Crystal Hot Sauce marinated onion rings, I found them only "average". Not frozen and very thin, they were certainly tasty but not exceptional. Better onion rings are to be had in N.O.
The Pork Belly appetizer, served crispy over mashed potatoes and gravy were exceptional. Don't know if any other restaurants that serve this tasty treat. 
The table had 2 "Filet" size streaks and 2 "petit"
Size for the women. They came out sizzling and very hot. The "Filet" size at $41 was at least 10 0z and more than filling. The steaks were prepared very well, although the women's order was not correct and a replacement steak had to be ordered.
Sides ordered were broccoli au gratin,potatoes au gratin and baked potato. All were delicious.
Dinner was accompanied by a reasonably priced La Crema Pinot Noir at $45 a bottle.
Deserts were nothing memorable.
Service was extremely prompt and helpful.
The reason in giving 4 stars rather than 5 stars is that, in my opinion, the steaks came up slightly short of comparison to Chris Steak House.Best steaks in town, hands down, and I've eaten at the finest steakhouses here. They come drenched in butter and with delicious sides. Service is excellent. Dining room is a bit dated, and they eliminated one of my favorite sides (fried zucchini), but I'll still be coming back. It's expensive, but come on -- we're talking USDA prime cooked to perfection.My sister and I shared the fried green tomatoes,  turtle soup, porterhouse for 2, and tiramasu. The tomatoes were good but nothing spectacular. The turtle soups was heavy in tomato flavor but it was great. But the steak... OMG the best steak I ever had! We got it medium rare, usually like it medium well but read the reviews on here about the hot plates and am glad I did. The steak was still cooking on the plate. It was so juicy and tender, melt in your mouth. It was like heaven in my mouth. The butter on the plate greatly complimented the steak. It wasn't too much. After that, we got the dessert. And it was the best tiramasu I've ever had! The flavors were all there. It was soft and not dry. It was just perfect. The presentation was nice too. They used cocoa powder to draw  fleur di lis on it. Almost forgot, the garlic bread they had was the best if not one of the best I ever had. Perfect amount of garlic flavor and not too much butter. I liked the toasted sesame seeds on it. It was a nice touch. I would definitely be coming back here again, but for special occasions.Took my wife here for her birthday and it was both of our first time there. MAANNNN WE HAD SOME OF THE BEST STEAKS EVER! It was well worth the price! We sat at the bar instead of a table and still received top notch service. We even had a chance to sit down with the owner at the bar and watch the Monday Night Football game with him. Since it was my wife's birthday, the owner took care of our drinks and even allowed us to take some custom to go cups as well. We will be back soon!!!Not my first choice for a steak. Ribeye was to greasy with extraordinary amount of fat instead of a meat. The rest of the food was delicious though.The food we received was good but not what we ordered and the waiter tried to blame the mistake on us. We felt so unwelcomed . 3stars is given due to the great service from the valet.Was looking for a great place for a great steak, we were not disappointed! Everyone was so nice and friendly. We had filet mignon, lobster, lobster and shrimp pasta, cheese potatoes, fried green tomatoes and creamed spinach. Everyone loved what they ordered and our waiter was spot on for whatever we needed. Will come again when in Nolens!Good Steaks in Downtown New Orleans
Having a groupon and after reading the reviews, I decided to give it a try. I'm not much on having to go into downtown to get a meal because there's so much traffic in the work week evenings. I ordered the spinach salad, turtle soup, and ribeye steak. All of the food was very good, but this is a place I normally would not go to because it is on the high end scale for weekly dinning and I'm really not so much impressed with steaks. The place also serves Italian dishes and the manager gave me a sample of one of their meatballs which was good. I sat at the bar and, though having reservation for a table, the bartenders were very cordial and easy to engage in conversation. The service was excellent and the bloody marys too.overall, good dining, though ponchartrain's mac and cheese was tastier, more robust and didn't stick to the plate, considering the hefty price tag.
regrettably, the two star rating goes to the abysmal performance by waiter "aaron" - i've never been made to feel more out of place than i was here and hope to never experience that sentiment again, regardless of aparent scale or dress code.
the guy seemed out of touch, stoic and took our order without ever returning...oh yes, he did eventually remember to come back for the bill :(
nice work aaron, we will never return and will never recommend this restaurant thanks to you!Service was excellent, Steak was very good, sides were "ok"....stay away from "Oscar Style"....crab meat was subpar.My filet mignon was cooked exactly I as expected it to be. Delicious! But my experience could've been better. I was on a date. It's a romantic place. We sat at our table and orders cocktails, no appetizers. We wanted to take our time and sip our drinks, then order. However, the waiter was rudely impatient because we hadn't looked at our menu within the first 5 minutes of being seated. So, he returned every 60 seconds, so we said we'd give him a nod when we were ready. He gave us a nasty look, then rolled his eyes as he walked off. I live in New Orleans and this isn't how I'm usually treated at restaurants. We ordered a total of two steaks and two sides, four cocktails and our bill was $177.  At that price, I wished we hadn't been rushed through the experience. Could've been a nice romantic evening, but instead we ordered, ate, then went to another place for drinks.Impressive! Food and service were both exceptional! Jimmy and team were so professional and attentive!
I had the fried tomato appetizer perfectly seasoned and hot to the table! The steak house salad was fresh and enough to share! Filet was out of this world! The creamed spinach was flavorful and the sweet potato mash was deliciously sweet--but not heavy! Creme brûlée to finish off! Yum! I cannot wait to go back!Wow...that's all I have to say. Super friendly and welcoming staff. Amazing food. Pricey but well worth it. They even welcomed us with free meatballs. Would eat here again next time I'm in LA.Not enough good words to say about Mr Johns. Steak was amazing and sweet potato suflette was to DIE for. Seriously such a great place, well worth the money!Mr John's is not just a restaurant, it's an experience! Boisterous, authentic, and really a top notch pick for excellent dining. We were in town for Tulane graduation, and celebrating our return to NOLA after many years, wanting to treat ourselves with friends. The minute we walked through the door, it was evident that we were with like minded folks. The staff there was beyond compare! Truly efficient, friendly, accommodating, willing to make our evening memorable...and it was. All around the table, Ooohs and Ahhhs, about our meal. You've had steak before, but not like this. I know it seems small (we're a table of cooks and foodies), but I've never had a better bernaise sauce in my life...everyone at the table was trying to get mine! Each of our meals was stellar. My sister, who is the most difficult to impress, said that her lobster pasta was beyond compare. Thanks Mr John's, for treating us so well. Can't wait to see you again!Chef Greg Syrup is a steak god!  All hail Chef Greg! All hail Chef Greg Syrup!!!Got to be a baller to pull this place off. I know i can't afford it, this much is for sure. That being said, this itlalian steakhouse definitely has an authentic old time feel which i really liked...
The waiters originally struck me as jesters but slowly earned their way to an 18% tip. The redfish with crabmeat was the highlight of the night. The house Pinot Noir and garlic/butter bread were also worth noting. I thought the wedge was average and the chicken entree was far below average. 
Steaks:
Petite Filet: $28
Strip: $39
Ribeye: $37
but i say you just got for the porterhouse for two: $65
I definitely would not go here on my own tab again. For the same price i would much prefer la boca!!!Best steak in town, perfect every time.  Blows Ruth's Chris, which has become over-rated, out of the water. (No offense to the classy Ms. Ruth Fertel, may she rest in peace.)I've been to Mr John's four times now, it was great the first time and has gotten worse each additional visit.  Definitely agree with the posts that say it's more about history and location than food and service.  The food has gone downhill, I like my steak with a little char on the outside and rare in the middle, it was perfect the first visit, but hasn't been even close since.  If a steakhouse can't do a steak correctly, there's no point in going.  The service is also horrible, from reservations to seating to dinner service.  Now they have a link to opentable on their website, but don't accept the reservation that you make on open table.  I don't think I'll be going back, for their prices everything should be excellent.Ok, I have eaten at more stakhouses since falling in love than I care to admit.  Steakhouses are My Love's preference when we eat out... so, we've done them all locally.  We agreed that Mr. John's was more reasonable than Ruth's & Morton's and cozier than Crescnt City (on Broad), and more convenient than Dickie's.  We had great service.  Valet parking is easy and complimentary.  While our table wasn't ready when we arrived, it was a busy night, and all's forgiven.  We ordered a cocktail at the bar and chit chatted.  I eyed a open 2-top in the corner and they graciously moved us from where they had intended.  The wood is rich and gorgous, and the tile floor is classic.  Our waiter said the Saints eat there every Thrusday!  that's fun for a Who Dat like myself.
FOOD: The steaks were delicious, and all the food was very hot, clearly NOTHING had been sitting before coming to the table. I loved the fried green tomato appetizer and My Love felt the Ceasar salad had the perfect subtle anchovy flavor.  He went for the Cowboy steak (bone in Ribey 22 oz), which he said was delicous and I did the Peitite Filet, also perfectly cooked.  Yes, it is swimming in butter, and it is salty and delicious.  If you want a naked steak (ie. just beef) then this is not the spot for you.  Creamed spinach was not overly creamed.  Au Gratin Potatos had a nice light Bechamel sauce with a crispy cheese crust.  Mushrooms were ok, but I've had better.  We were delighted, and pleasantly surprised at the reasonable bill!! We'd go back, and maybe request the other dining room, just to change up the experience!This place was fantastic! Really glad I choose Mr. John's for my fancy dinner while visiting New Orleans. The servers were very attentive, helpful and engaging. LOVE THE STEAK!! I had a filet which was so delicious. The only reason for the 4 star vs 5 was because it was birthday and they didn't do anything extra. I don't need a whole cake, but a little sweet treat with a candle would of made this experience perfect. Still highly recommend!Amazing  bone  in ribeye melted in my mouth, shrimp  wrapped in bacon is a must, mushrooms delicious, tiramisu unbelievable. Executive Chef Jared Gassenberger excellent job .... perfection!!!What can I say that hasn't already been said about Mr. John's Steakhouse...
If you are looking for a place that has a dress code, fantastic food, great wine selection, excellent service, Mr John's is the place.
As a group of four, we made reservations for 6:30 pm, we arrived about 15 minutes early and was pleasantly surprised to find that our table was ready. Mr. John's has a a-la-carte menu, the portions of each item is large enough to be divided between four people. Each one of us ordered a different dish and weren't disappointed with the fine quality of the different meat's.
Price wise Mr. John's is pricey but well worth it. I would recommend this place to anyone visiting the area that is looking for a well kept secret place to dine that has the food and service to justify its prices.Hands down the best steak I've ever had! The whole meal was amazing! It had a very nice atmosphere and excellent service!! It's a little fancier then what I'm used to, I wore jeans and felt a little under dressed but I'm traveling and it's what I had with me. It's definitely pricey, but worth it!THE best we've had!  AND we even used our Living Social deal!
Appetiser:  Duck confit with sweet potato gnocchi.  Pretty darn tasty.
Entree:  Porterhouse for 2.  DEEFREAKINGLICIOUS.  No, seriously.  it's just that good!  They brought out two sizzling, piping hot plates with melted butter and pepper that I had no clue what it was for...  They brought our the porterhouse meat already all cut up for us.  Put the meat on our plates and the plates were so hot that the already cooked meat still cooks on your plate.  Amazing.  I'd never seen this before.
Sides:  Crawfish and sausage mac n cheese.  Potatoes au gratin.  Pretty darn tasty.
Dessert:  Creme brulee.  Pretty darn tasty.
Overall, this was one of the best all around meals we've had here...and we're locals!  We made our reservation on OpenTable for Friday 9pm and didnt finish our whole dinner until about 11pm...  it was such a great meal; and even better that I got to use my Living Social deal.  The bill was about $120, with the deal added, it went down to about $70...  with tip was about $95.  All worth it.  We WILL be back without a deal, no doubt.We have eaten in a lot of prime steakhouses in the World and this was right up there!  Went back twice during our stay in New Orleans.  Excellent service and sides.I dined here again last Friday, and, as always, everything was just fine. I love the consistency of this place.
For starters, I had the appetizer special: an open-faced, soft-shell crab poboy. Simply amazing.
Next, I moved on to the veal with pasta alfredo. very nice; not too heavy.
I inhaled the tiramisu for dessert. I know that it's not made in-house, but it's the best boxed tiramisu in town.  A perfectly prepared cappucino washed it down.
Definitely on my return(again) list!The best steak in N'Awlins!  Locally-owned and operated, this place rocks!
Saturday night - we jumped on the streetcar heading out from the Quarter, and even though we decided to take it all the way to the end and back, when we came in and identified ourselves 55 minutes after our reservation time we were still treated like family.  Our table had obviously been given away, so we sat in the small bar watching LSU and chatted w/the bartender - who turned out to be the father of the owner.  And his wife was the hostess - what a pleasant family.
We were seated in about 15 minutes - our table was nicely placed along a wall, and we had a view of the entire dining room plus the streetcar line that goes right by the restaurant.  The menu is full of classic NO choices while being steakhouse simple - options abound, but we came for steak.  We each ordered an appetizer - one shrimp and one crab, and they were both wonderfully prepared and delicious.
The main course was next - a beautiful filet for my girlfriend and an awesome ribeye perfectly cooked to order for me, served sizzling hot and juicy, w/brown butter dripping off the meat and a side of garlic smashed potato plus some fresh-baked and hot fluffy bread.
I've eaten steak all over the country - name it, and I bet I've been there - and this steak was equal to anything I've ever put into my mouth. It got real quiet as the two of us dined in silent splendor enjoying every single bite.  Perfectly cooked, beautifully presented, and delicous - my idea of a perfect dining experience.
I heartily recommend anyone wanting steak in NO go try this place - it will not disappoint.Manfriend and I ate here recently for a special occasion with a Living Social coupon and we both agreed it was, or at least was close to, the best meal we've ever had in New Orleans.
We shared the turtle soup, fried green tomatoes appetizer, New York Strip and Veal Alyssa.  Manfriend thought the turtle soup was good, about on par with Mr. Ed's (his favorite).  The fried green tomatoes were presented beautifully and the delicious batter, remoulade and lump crabmeat made up for what I thought was too thick of a cut on the tomatoes.  Manfriend about flipped over his perfectly cooked steak (between medium rare and medium and still sizzling on the hot plate, of course).  The seasoning and herbed butter on the steak was perfect.  The best dish, in my opinion, was my Veal Alyssa.  When it was served I was honestly groaning inside because the veal was sitting in what looked to be way too large an amount of lemon butter sauce, but oh, was I wrong.  The sauce was light and flavorful and in the perfect amount for the 3 large pieces of paneed veal.  The veal was perfectly crisped, tender and well seasoned.  The linguine with bolognese that is served alongside the veal was delicious as well, but I didn't even eat it in favor of devouring the veal (mmm, leftover linguine).  The side of garlic mashed potatoes we ordered with manfriend's steak was pretty good, but not spectacular--we definitely should have ordered the onion strings or one of the au gratin dishes instead.
We elected not to get dessert because we were so full, but if the rest of the meal was any indicator, I bet it is delicious.  A few people have complained about the price point, but I honestly thought it was fair for such a good restaurant.  We ordered one glass of wine, soup, an appetizer, two entrees and one side and totaled out at about 110 dollars before we used the Living Social deal (130ish with tip).  Two drinks and two entrees at another nice restaurant would run you about 80 dollars (95+ wtih tip),  so that really doesn't seem any more overpriced than every other high dollar restaurant in New Orleans to me.  With the Living Social deal we got a downright steal--where we probably couldn't afford it otherwise--so I certainly can't complain.
Service was courteous, quick and flawless.  We felt a little like spectacles when they asked if it was our first time there (the people next to us actually turned and looked)--maybe that is due to the "regulars" other reviews talked about? Well guess what, next time won't be our first time "regulars," so there!
Mr. John's is definitely now on my 100% sure thing list for a great New Orleans dinner.I wish I could give this place a higher rating, but the service I received was terrible. He looked down on us because we are "young". I work in the food industry myself, so I know how to tip. I will always tip 25% or more depending on my experience. He clearly doesn't deserve anything because he was one the most disrespectful person I met.  I even talked to the manager and all he said was " we are working on it". Working on what? You clearly don't care about us. The only thing you are worry about is taking people money.After a LONG cab ride (ok, maybe it just felt like a long time because I was starving and traffic was horrendous), we finally arrived at Mr. John's Steakhouse, which is adjacent to a hotel.
We had a reservation but the place was fairly empty when we arrived (which changed obviously as the night progressed).  The staff here made me feel uncomfortable, primarily because they do not have sparkling personalities.  Perhaps they are use to snobby people coming in there, I don't know, but they really need to loosen up.  I will say that we ended up with Adam as a waiter towards the end and he was awesome!  Yay for him!  There is hope for the others!
For starters, I ordered the Tomato and Mozzarella salad, which was pretty much what you would expect ... tomato, mozzarella and balsamic vinaigrette.  LOL.  So far I was not "wowed" by this place.
However, that changed when they brought out my filet on the freakin' hot ass plate!  Wow Wee!  I have never had a steak served on a sizzling plate with melted butter on top and if you haven't either, then you need to get yourself here ... STAT!  The filet, which I ordered medium rare, just melted in my mouth.  Total perfection!  This is the 2nd best steak I have ever had in my life!
We also ordered a side of mac 'n cheese (that is for hubby) and he and I split some 'shrooms ... and they were pretty good, too!
Now if the staff would just loosen up a bit ... they could earn a 5th star from me.The best steak I have ever had!  Cooked perfectly, and was juicy, which is hard to do with a filet.  Dickie Brennans was my favorite steak house but Mr. Johns wins hands down.  My two sides were creamed spinach and au gratin potatoes.  Im an comparing all of these dishes to the dishes at Dickie Brennans because that was my default steakhouse.  The creamed spinach was better at Mr. Johns and I thought the potatoes were better also.  My wife likes the au gratin potatoes at Dickie's better.  The service was great.  My wife was trying to decide which wine to get and they did not offer California Cab by the glass so she asked the waiter which wine was most like a California Cab.(it was out of a spanish and Australian wine I think).  He told her his opinion about the wine and then brought out a tasting sample of both for her to decide.  I have never heard of that before.  I could understand doing that if you were buying a bottle but for just a glass, that was just great.  We split a dessert (flour less choc. tart) that I wasn't impressed with, but I didn't go there for desert so it really didn't matter.  I was extremely satisfied with the restaurant and will definitely be back.  Another plus is the free valet parking from the hotel next door.  Really a time saver since on street parking is hard to come by in the area.  I highly recommend Mr. Johns!!Excellent steakhouse. Recommended by locals and well worth the trip. It is close to most hotels and the service along with the food was awesome!Its a good steak house, but I feel that there's a very limited menu. It is a steak house, so yes there's a variety of steak and sizes, but thats it. Very traditional in style, price is on the high end, but that's expected for any steak house. Service is great, My ribeye was HUGE, and probably should have ordered a smaller one. My wife's filet was perfect. The seasoning is very basic, guessing just salt and pepper so the meal gets boring quick.... Overall a good steak house, just not somewhere I would frequent in New Orleans.What a great dining experience we had at Mr John's Steakhouse.  We were greeted with smiles and served with a attitude that made us joyful, pleased and satisfied.   Our server was Gindy and he was AWESOME!!!! He was very knowledagble about the enitre menu and assisted me in pick out the best steak for our dinner.  From the appetizer, the martini's, wine, main course and dessert, I must say everything was exquisite.  We definitely be back!!!!Ok the food here is amazing!  I had the cream of mushroom soup and it was packed with lump crab meat! Delicious.
My husband had the rib eye steak and I had the surf and turf accompanied by creamed spinach and garlic mash. Equally delicious!!!
Our waiters were amazing but half way thru our meal my husband kept trying to get the one if the waiters attention to refill his water.  The waiter, John, went to other tables filling water and when I actually tapped him on the shoulders he said yes I will bring water then never did!
The kicker is that I like sparking water so there was a bottle of Pellegrino on our table.  Our waiters tried to rebound by saying John was confused because there was Pellegrino on the table.  This excuse would have been valid if more Pellegrino was offered. It was not.
My husband was furious at this point and it really spoiled our experience at this restaurant.  You really can't judge a book by its cover, we tip exceptionally well when we receive exceptional service!  We got good service but it was really after we complained about our experience.
I rate the food 5 stars, the two waiters who served us 5 stars and that other guy "John" zero for treating us bad!  Every customer deserves equal treatment.One of the best steakhouses in Nola. Food and service are very good. The streaks are incredible and extremely tender.With all the great reviews I was ready for a steak better than I have ever had. I was very disappointed. The Who Dat shrimp appetizer was excellent so I was excited to have the Ceasar Salad next. The salad was light brown and did not have much Ceasar dressing on it. Very disappointing. Next up was the ribeye steak. It came out looking great but when I took the first bite I knew I had made a mistake coming here. The steak was very bland and lacked any kind of seasoning. My wife had the filet and the first one came out overcooked with little flavor. She sent it back and the next one came out looking perfect. She took the first bite and it was burnt on the outside and lacked any flavor like the first one. The steaks were $43 each so I expected them to be the best steaks but again very disappointed. I will never go back. Don't Believe the hype Of These Reviews Like I did. You will be disappointed.We come to Mardi Gras every year and for my birthday present my GF took me and a local friend for dinner. We were not disappointed. 
Excellent food and service had the Porterhouse for two. 
IMHO the wine list needs to be updated with more Italian varietals but you can more than find a choice to pair with.Without a doubt some of the finest seafood I have had in a while.  
Checked into hotel and was so hungry from not eating all day I decided to stay local.  This restaurant is attached to the Wyndham but I'm not sure if the Wyndham owns it. 
I ordered the oyster stew which was just unbelievable.  I've never had a stew quite like it. They served it in a hot pot and then dumped it into your dish or rather soup bowl.
I then ordered the special salad for the evening.  It was mixed greens with lump crabmeat, avocado, and I don't know if it was leeks but it was delicious.  It was like a small mountain.  They did not skimp on the crab meat!
To top off  the main course. I decided on the Pompano with lump crabmeat. I am not a fish fan but, do love pompano. It was served and I thought I received an entire 8 ounce can of lump crabmeat. The fish was huge and underneath was a pile of fresh vegetables sautéed in butter.   The seasoning on the fish and crab meat entrée was amazing.
The only complaint I have was asking for lemon for my water and not receiving it after three requests.
The service was amazing.  They work in harmony together quite well. They are truly trained professional waiters.  
This restaurant is worth the trip to visit even if staying in another area if town.  It is not cheap but, worth every penny.This place never fails to impress on quality, price, portion size, gorgeous plating and service.  We made reservations well in advance since, I learned that lesson the last time I was in town and wanted to dine here.  We had a table on the other side this time which reminded me of a library in an estate home complete with the beautiful wood mantled fire place and furniture to match.
The service once again was flawless thanks to our server Justin (I believe that was his name).  I asked him to pick a drink for me and it was a well-made old fashioned and by well-made I mean they made it the traditional way and owned it like a boss!
I ordered the Ribeye and it was buttery melt in my mouth just like I expected it to be!  I also decided to opt to add on the lobster tail.  This tail was cooked so well that I can't remember having a better one in my life and the portion size was so large that I left with half of my steak.  The wedge salad was very large and they informed us that it is a sharing portion so they graciously brought us all side plates to share.  I love the attention to detail which included all the normal white glove service you would expect including new silverware being placed after each course and never having an empty glass.
The restrooms were located through the door and off of the hotel lobby.  The door was a little tricky to open from the restaurant side but, we finally figured it out.  The service is always seamless and quick however they never make you feel rushed and let you chat and enjoy your dinner.
When we finished our meal he thanked us for dining with them and offered to put our wine and cocktails into to go cups for us which we obliged without hesitation.  Hey who likes to waste drinks, am I right?
I dine here every time that I am in New Orleans and there is a reason for it; because it is the best of the best in all aspects!  True 5+ star dining experiences guaranteed every time!When here for my anniversary. Food was GREAT. Steaks were cooked perfectly and the sides were tasty - we ordered the broccoli au gratin and macaroni & cheese. The service was prompt and the food was served extra hot. The only issue I had with the restaurant was the noise level - to be such a pricey place the fact that I couldn't even hear my server was a bit off putting. This place is very pricey - but I felt like my food was at least worth it. The experience piece could have been better if the space was a bit more intimate and if the noise was at a minimum.OMG!!!! I've been dying to bust down the doors of this establishment to get a divine piece of red meat for YEARS!!! And FINALLY FINALLY FINALLY my husband made this dream a reality for my birthday this past December. We had a reservation and our table still wasn't ready so we decided to dine at the bar, like we do at most places we go. I'm so glad we did. Beau and Carrie were AWESOME!!! They give you a complimentary meatball that is so delicious! Because it was my birthday they put a candle in the meatball which was cute. The complimentary bread is also freaking tasty!!! I think it's grilled and there's a bit of butter on it so it's perfect. 
I had the Surf n' Turf and my husband had a ribeye I believe. The filet was so perfectly cooked. It was mouthwatering. The lobster was perfectly cooked as well. Lobster is the second love of my life so I appreciate when it's done all the way right. We ended up having a great talk with the co-owner Desi and he was so kind. Even spotted some Saints players. 
I cannot wait to go back. This may be our new anniversary spot. Fantastic service, fantastic food, fantastic overall.Once again a great meal at Mr. Johns.  
Appetizer: 
Crab Cake: The crab was sweet and delicious and it also comes on a sizzling buttery hot plate.
Entrees:
New York Strip: excellent as usual.  Ordered it medium this time and it was perfect. Tender inside with a nice crispy crust on the outside.
Crawfish Aurora Pasta:  Penne Pasta with mushrooms, artichokes, crawfish in a creamy marinaria sauce.  Excellent even though I prefer the Crab meat Ravioli instead. 
 Sides:
Crystal Hot Sauce Onion Rings:  I saw this on the menu and just had to try it since it had such an interesting ring to it and suprisingly it was very good!
Potato Au Gratin:  creamy and delicious! better than the mashed potatoes which are just okay.
Overall another great meal at mr. johns.  Best steaks in new orleans definitely.  I see a lot of reviews that criticizing the pricing of Mr. John's but considering the location and the quality of the food, I really do not see a problem and it is well worth the price in my opinion.
BTW, you do not have to go thru the kitchen in order to use the restroom like one review mention. There is an alternate restroom entrance through the lobby of the hotel connected to the restaurant.Why only two stars for the best Steakhouse in the city. My experience compared to New York and Washington DC you can get a little spoiled.
 Made reservations for 8:30 didn't get a table until 8:55 "no big deal just had concert tickets for a 1000 show", didn't want to plot and trot. Service at the table was at snails pace didn't even get bread until 10 minutes after we were sat, our waiter had to many tables or staffing levels were very low.
The food!! Fried Green Tomatoes with jumbo lump crabmeat was FIYA!!!!!! Had the Porterhouse for two with the lobster tail. Very good quality of meat however, was not seasoned well. The lobster was good and well prepared. Very good cream spinach, no time for wine and desert.If THIS is the best steak in New Orleans, then I could make a killing there, 'cause I make a better steak at home! I've learned my lesson - whenever a steak joint brags about only using salt and pepper because the quality of their meat is so good, that means eat someplace else cause the meat is going to be bland. Not only was the meat bland, but my $35 ribeye wasn't even tender. My husband's filet was no better.
My husband enjoyed his crab cake appetizer, though I wasn't impressed.  I ordered the "Who Dat Shrimp" that was supposed to be filled with "crab meat".  Had I known it was not crab meat, but crab meat filling I would not have ordered it. I was just okay once I removed the filling.
The service was horrible. We had a 6pm reservation (didn't need it, plenty of empty tables), yet somehow didn't get our entrees until after 7pm. We ordered appetizers, which arrived in a timely manner. Our waiter stopped by to tell us that our entrees will be out in 5-10 minutes because my husband ordered his steak well done. I thought that was a weird reason, but no big deal. No big deal until twenty minutes later when we still had no steaks. The wait along with the overwhelming odor of butter coming from other diner's sizzling plates almost made us give up and leave. I asked our waiter about our steaks, after all it had been twenty minutes, after he told us it would be 5-10 minutes. He went on about the timing of how we placed our orders and blah, blah - I had to let him know that I didn't understand what he was saying to me. Instead of going to check on our food, he elected to repeat himself.  Basically, he blamed our wait on the timing of how we ordered our appetizers and entrees! We were asked what we wanted, we answered the questions - like I and everyone else on earth have been doing since, huh forever! For our inconvenience we were each presented with.. wait for it... wait for it... one meatball each!!
The steak came out on a plate so oily/buttery that I could not bear to put my broccoli on the same plate.
I left half of my steak, despite the waiter asking me four times if I wanted to take it. Unless, the steak would get better in my hotel room, why would I take it? In case you think I don't know a good steak.. Charley's Steakhouse in Orlando and the The Great American Land & Cattle Co in El Paso, TX serve fantastic steaks!  It's been a few years, but the best steak I've had in New Orleans was at La BocaIt's always awkward going to a restaurant alone, but all the more so when it takes the team of servers a bit to bring you out a menu. Never understood why the hostess can't be trusted with this task. So I stare around for a bit, bring out my trusty Nook, and  am finally greeted. While looking at the wine list I ask for a coke instead of water.  While still perusing the wine list waiter #2 comes and tells me of the specials. After closing the menu, waiting and staring into space some more, I start reading my Kindle again. Waiter #2 comes back and I order a glass of wine, the Who Dat Shrimp, and the Veal Alyssa.
I get wine and bread. I like that the bread is garlic bread. I actually eat it knowing I stand no chance at finishing dinner now.
The shrimp was good but notanything amazing. Admittedly, I was really all about the thai chili sauce that was that standard, pink, sweet thai chili sauce you'd get anywhere, but I'm a sucker for it.
I had to use the restroom. Server #1 lead me into the kitchen. I thought he must have forgotten me and kind of looked around outside the entrance. Another server saw my confusion and said it is in the kitchen. I followed server #1, apologizing, strangely, for not understanding. He directed me to the single stall bathroom. It was very neat and clean. No purse or coat hooks, though. I left the restroom and found myself back in the kitchen but without a guide. The manager and a few servers were working to get food out from the line I had to walk through. I apologised again.
That's just about as awkward as it gets.
I got my Veal Alyssa. I avoided the temptation to order steak as I like it very, very rare and I figured that even if I asked for a not sizzling plate (it's what they seem proud to serve steaks on) I'd still get a very hot plate that would still continue to cook my ideal barely-touched-by-heat steak. Good call. The veal was swimming in oil. The lemon in the lemon-butter sauce was barely discernible. The entire dish was so hot I decided to let it cool so I might taste it better. No effect. The crab was good. The pasta was decent. Nothing terrible but nothing exciting.
I really was in the mood for steak but you just can't serve something cooked to a specific temperature on a "sizzling plate" (or even a hot one) and have it not continue to cook. One would think a steak house would get the concept.
Nothing about this place impressed me and it's kind of disappointing to see such good reviews.Really great steakhouse with great service. It's truly the best steak house in the city. Sorry Ruth's Chris, I know you have the reputation, but why not support a local spot that's even better?! I also prefer this hands down over Crescent City Steakhouse too. The steak was cooked to perfection. Sides were delicious. It's is a bit noisy in the space, so be prepared. It's also family friendly as I noted a few groups with kids. It's in a nice location too being right on St Charles with nice views of the streetcar passing.This would be by far the BEST Ribeye I've ever tasted. Great wait staff, great classic steakhouse ambiance, overall great experience. I would expect though, if your going to charge $11 for the crab cake appetizer (off the chart good) they would actually have at least 3 to share, not 1.  Dinner portions of sides are family style, so spread the choices with dinner. Appetizers, not so much.Its places like this that they make five stars for. We had planned to go across the lake to a popular steak house but I had a long day and really did not feel like making the drive. The other three agreed to stay in town so I figured it would be nice to pick one of the best in the city. The steaks were all cooked as ordered and the sides were great. Even the wine suggestion turned out great. The service was like never before. The place is not cheap but I was aware of that before going so no sticker shock there. Ill do crazy johnnys from time to time which actually serves a great steak but when special people are involved Mr Johns it will be.Best steaks in Nola! Service was a little slow especially with regards to the entrees. Otherwise, food is delicious..the fried green tomatoes are delicious as well as the escargot. We had the cowboy hanger steak and new York strip...they never ran low on water. Must visit spot...Went to dinner here on a referral from out of town Chef. Our server Aaron was polite and prompt. The Caesar salad was good. The kitchen got behind and we waited for quite awhile for our meal but when Aaron realized that he brought us all a meatball to ride us over. Once the meal came, it was worth the wait. I ordered the Red fish special which was a rich meal. Aaron also provided us a bread pudding to share due to our wait. The attentive service made our night complete. I would definitely come back.RESERVATIONS!
I called early in the evening and was able to grab a reservation for 9:30 p.m. and we were lucky.  If you are going to eat here please do yourself a favor and make reservations prior to your vacation!
If you are staying in or near the French quarter you will either need to take the St. Charles Street Car (which goes right in front of the restaurant), drive or take a cab because this is not within walking distance.
We arrived early and enjoyed sitting outside and taking in the cooler night air.  They have two metal tables on their patio but, there is no patio service so you will have to go inside to get a cocktail.  
When you walk in you are greeted by the sweetest hostess and she will check you in and tell you you can grab a cocktail from the bar.  The bar only has about 5 seats at the bar and two on a ledge across from the bar.  There is also food service at the bar.
This is a nice restaurant and I would recommend dressing for the occassion and dining at this place for your expensive night out on vacation.  This is white table cloth type service!  The dining area iteslf has about 20 tables so, I can understand why it's hard to come by a reservation.
We were seated and our waiter promptly came by to offer us beverages and fill up our water glasses.  The service was point on throughout the meal and what you would expect service to be in a 5 star restaurant.  Everything is a la carte.  Eric ordered the filet minon with the mashed potatoes and I ordered the ribeye with the asparagus.  I also had a glass of cabernet that was chosen by my server.  The glass of wine perfectly complimented my dinner selection and I was most impressed at his ability to pair wine.
Our food arrived about 10 minutes after ordering and it was cooked exactly how we ordered it!  The plates are delivered extremely hot and they warn you not to touch them.  They broil the steaks at something crazy like 1600 degrees and then your plate is heated to 900 degrees or so.  They then place butter on the plate so that your steak is still cooking when it reaches your table.  
This was by far the most delectable steak that I have ever been served in my life.  The knife sliced through the meat effortlessly and when the steak hit my tounge it was like butter.  This place does not fluff up their steaks by over seasoning it.  Instead they take the best cut of meat and cook it to perfection while only adding butter, salt and pepper.  I will dream about this steak for the rest of my life.  My taste buds were in awe with every bite!
I was able to sample Eric's mashed potatoes and they were delicious as was my asparagus that was lightly dusted with salt and pepper.  I love the minimalist seasoning options traded out for good product.  This restaurant knows how to wow their diners from start to finish.
The manager made a stop at every table while we were there and he was very friendly as well.  Every restaurant should take notes on this place as to how to service guests and give an experience that will make life long return customers.
My experience could not have been better from making the reservation to exiting the restaurant.  I would recommend making this part of your NOLA experience.We had a coupon, so my wife and I decided to try out Mr. John's last night.  It had a lovely mahogony-and-brass kind of atmosphere together with a very amiable maître d, bartender and wait staff.  Enjoyed the tasso/leeks broiled oysters, then ate myself to capacity on a fine New York strip served on a plate of sizzling clarified butter.  Simple, old-fashioned, and done very well.  I always say that a chef can only do a good steak two ways: great (in respect of its natural beauty) or screwed up (by trying to be too complicated in its preparation): Mr. John's steaks are certainly the former.After over a 2 year wait and 2000 miles we were finally able to come back. We should have skipped it. While the food was excellent the atmosphere and service was far below par. An obnoxious table of 7 in the middle of the restaurant was the cause. After complaining, they offered to move us into a smaller room with a table of 10 with several small children. We should have taken the the children. We've been in quieter bars on Bourbon Street. Apparently, unless you knew the owner on this night you got ignored. Since this table of 7 was so loud, every other table had to compete with the noise to be heard, making the noise almost unbearable. In addition to full stomachs, we came out with 3 migraines. We cannot fault the food, the escargot in puff pastry and the french onion soup were without equal. The rib-eye steak was excellently seasoned and cooked to perfection. The problem was the platter was so hot that is was spattering grease all over a new shirt. Hope the grease stains come out. With desert, we asked for hot tea, all they had was flavored herbal tea.  We did not find this out until the waiter brought it out. Didn't even bother to mention that was all they had. Overall the experience was barely OK.This was a company dinner so we didn't pick it the boss did. It was pretty darn good my wife's steak was overcooked but she ate it anyway. The service was great and it feels just like an old mans steakhouse. You really need reservations here!My family & I had dinner here on a random weekday.  Nice restaurant reasonable price for a good quality steakhouse.  I love what I would describe as their  "Wall of Fame" as you walk in.  It shows you how much people love Mr John's!
Appetizer:
1.) Peppercorn crusted yellowfin Tuna: this was good but the tuna was a little dry and overdone when it's suppose to only be seared rare.
2.) Fried Calamari: we ordered this so my mom could also enjoy an appetizer with us.  it really was fried to perfection.
3.) Escargot in Puff Pastry: the escargots were sauteed perfectly in this dish; we really enjoyed the mushrooms as well.  My brother said the escargot was one of the best he's every tried.
Dinner:
We all got Steaks!! ALL 6!!
My fiance and I shared the Porterhouse for Two prepared medium rare.  Delish! It came out on a sizzling HOT butter garlice hot plate.  It was precut for us.  THE ONLY DISAPPOINTMENT......I didn't get my very own butter hot plate.  Even asking for it they seemed confused.  I just assumed they would understand what I'm referring to since 2 of our favorite steakhouses practice the same...Ruth CHRIS (LOOVVE) and Flemings (also LOVE).  THis was what kept me away from 5 stars!! YES, THE HOT PLATE MAKES THAT MUCH OF  A DIFFERENCE!!..enough to knock a star off of this rating.
My brother and mom got the Cowboy Ribeye: He got his medium while my mom got medium Well.  Who eats their steaks that is USDA quality Medium well right?!  She does! and she ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT!  The nice sear they had on the top of her steak was great!
My baby cousin got the filet Mignon and of course he said "Amazing..better than the steak at Port of Call"....Lol! Seriously!?
Sides:
Grilled Asparagus, Mash Potatoes, and Broccoli Au Gratin: all very delicious.
Dessert:
1.) Tiramisu:OMG!!!! Probably the best I've EVER had!  SERIOUSLY!! Not too sweet just Mere Perfection!!
2.) Bread Pudding: also pretty good. Not the best I've ever had though. 
Just end with an order of Tiramisu and it'll send you straight to heaven!! 
Overall a great Steakhouse!  Just give me a hot plate and maybe I'll change this to 5 stars. Still love our other Steakhouse experiences better!Excellent place for dinner!!! This is hands down a place I'll always remember!  
Lovely restaurant located in the Garden District but still not too far from the Superdome or Bourbon Street area. Our service was amazing!!! Since we were celebrating my birthday also, they brought me a meatball with a candle. Seriously!! How cool is that?? And the meatball was the best one I've ever eaten. It was delicious!  Loved it!  
We started out with an appetizer of Who Dat Shrimp. They are Bacon Rolled Gulf Shrimp with Crab Meat ..... they were so good. 
For Dinner I had a Ribeye Steak which came out sizzling on the plate. Also I had a loaded baked potato. It was all delicious. 
If I could give this place 6 stars I would. It's absolutely amazing!!! I hope to get back to NOLA soon and go back. I highly recommend this place. Loved it!  
Great Service and Great Food!My boyfriend and I went here to celebrate our late anniversary (plus we purchased the living social deal). Our friends and family told us that Mr. John's had one of the best streaks in the city so we decided to give this place a try. 
I can not express to you how much I love bread (carbs, period.) so of course I ate a lot of their complimentary bread. Unfortunately, it isn't the best but not bad either.  We shared the crabcakes and it was pretty good. I had no idea what to order so my boyfriend ordered me the petite filet and he had the ribeye, both medium rare. We shared a side of mash potatoes (I wanted the broccoli au gratin but since we were heading out to party and drink shots, it was best that we don't order anything heavy, like cheese... Does not sit well in my stomach when it's filled with liquor). 
Both steaks were cooked to perfection. The ribeye was definitely better than the petite filet because it was more flavorful and fatty. But the filet was quite tender. However, it wasn't the best steak ever. I actually prefer Ruth Chris and so does my boyfriend. His opinion doesn't really matter because he is biased towards the restaurant due to the fact that he used to work there. 
Anyways, I would give this place a thumbs up but I'm still on the hunt for the best steak!My friend made a reservation for tonight (Wednesday, October 23, 2013) for four people for 7:00.  They called and left my friend a message saying they had to change it to 8:00.  He called them back three separate times and left messages three days in a row to confirm the 8:00 and they never called him back.  I finally called and go through to a human being this afternoon and was told they had been booked out for over a week and my friends name wasn't even on the list.  This dinner was for my husbands birthday and it was the one place he wanted to go.  Very, very disappointed with this utter lack of customer service.Amazingly steak! House salad came with enormous portion, good enough for whole family to share. Asparagus was prepared perfectly. So as baked potatoes. The waiters were always available and attentive. Must try!Traveled to NOLA for work alone and found this place based on the reviews and menu. I was sat at the bar which at first didn't care for but understood. The bartenders, Burke and Carrie, took great care of me. The fried green tomatoes and who dat shrimp ROCKED. The creme brûlée didn't suck either. Would def come back to try the filet.Had a great meal at Mr John's over the weekend. Went with 3 other people, so I was able to sample a few other dishes other than what I ordered. Here is what we had:
-Appetizers-
fried onion rings. They are fried in a great batter, which is somehow infused with Crystal Hot Sauce. Amazing. Great starter. Actually it is listed as a side order. Not an app.
eggplant parm. Excellent as well.  Baked eggplant with cheese and a great tomato sauce.
Entree
I ordered the Cowboy Steak, which is a bone in rib-eye, about 20oz or so. A generous piece of meat. It was cooked to perfection at medium rare. Nice crust on the outside, red in the middle. It was a glorious cut of meat that, despite the size, had to be finished!
As a table we sampled a few side orders.
Asparagus- very good. Lightly grilled, still left a lot of crunch. Great taste. A perfect side for a great steak, in my opinion.
Broccoli Au gratin- Crunchy broccoli topped with a generous amount of melted cheese. And a lot of butter, I assume. Was really great as well. 
Potato Au gratin- See above. Basically the same method, just with potatoes. 
Garlic mash- common theme here; they were great too. 
Another in our party go the petite fillet Mignon; A lot of the same can be said about this steak as I said about the Cowboy. Cooked perfectly. Just no fat. Just clean cut of meat.
2 others orders the Veal Penne. This basically was a breaded veal cut, topped with crab meat with a lemon butter type sauce. There was a pasta served on the side with a bolognese sauce on top. They were kind of wary about not ordering a steak at a well respect steak house, but their worries were quickly put to shame when they received their entrees. The portion of veal and sides was enough to take home for another meal. That was a nice plus.
Dessert we all had cheesecake. Of course, it was great. 
All and all this was a great meal. It is a little on the pricey side, so I'd advise it as a great "celebratory" restaurant...Birthday, anniversary, graduations, etc. Certainly everything was worth the price.
Service staff was highly professional. The feel of the restaurant was great. Low lights, a few candles. It was oddly loud on Saturday night, but that was expected with a jam packed dining room. Walking into the restaurant, they have pictures of celebrities, athletes, and public figures that have eaten there. We walked through and thought "wouldn't it be cool if we saw one while we were eating..." Sure enough, not long after we were seated, Troy Aikman(Super Bowl winning QB for Dallas Cowboys) and Joe Buck(sports announcer for Fox) walk in with their TV staff and sit next to us! They were in town to announce the Saints game for Fox. So if you like stuff like that, this seems like a good spot to catch a celebrity. Even then, the food will still be the highlight of your evening, I feel.Top notch steakhouse! I had the filet, and my boyfriend tried the ribeye. They were both cooked perfectly! The soft shell crab appetizer melts in your mouth, and the service is great! Definitely one of the best steaks I have ever had!Amazing sizzling filets, and do not pass up the sweet potato mash souffle!  It was SO GOOD, done creme brule style with a brown sugar and walnut crust on top.  Orgasmic!Loved our filets! Everything on the table was delicious. The sides are worth the higher pricing. I've never had creamed spinach make my toes curl. 
Service was great; extremely professional. We felt a tad under dressed without sport coats at first, but, as the restaurant filled up, more patrons came in business casual attire.
Great place for a perfect steak! They do not need any additional toppings? But they offer a lot! I would recommend not complicating a beautiful cut!
Only down side was how loud it gets! Go early and avoid the crowd!The food and staff were excellent. The staff worked in unison with each other. Can't say enough about the exceptional service.I heard Mr. Johns was amazing and it lived up to its reputation.  I took clients here for dinner on a wed night and the food was perfectly cooked, service was impeccable and the atmosphere was lovely.
My colleague and I ordered fillets and they were cooked as requested. My clients ordered fish and said it was delicious and our apps were wonderful as well.Probably one of the best steaks I've ever eaten. Top notch service. The only bad thing was the checking in and getting a table. The Paula Dean look-alike seems to frown upon non-Caucasians. #nolaFamed New Orleans food expert Tom Fitzmorris rates Mr. Johns as the best steakhouse in New Orleans and its not hard to see why after you have had the experience. On this occasion I ate at the bar celebrating my Fantasy Football League championship. I ordered the staples, wedge salad, ribeye, au gratin potatoes. The salad was huge and really for two but full of bacon, and yummy blue cheese. The star of the show here of course is the meat as it is served perfectly cooked to order (Pittsburgh rare) with an amazing rub. The steak for a ribeye was incredibly lean as they do a great job of trimming steaks here. It is served in the New Orleans signature style on a red hot plate sizzling in butter. The potato side was small but good, not great. Mr. John's is expensive compared to other local steakhouses but the quality and service are way above the rest. Best restaurant steak I have ever had.I went here the first time with my wife.  We were looking for a place when neither one of us knew what we wanted.  We were delighted by the friendly helpful staff, the wonderful food and the classic atmosphere.  It quickly became one of our favorite places.  The steak was tender, flavorful and cooked to perfection.  The sides were great.  I have been back a few times, and each visit was just as wonderful as the previous meal.  I can't wait to go back.This place was really good, but not out of this world. Steaks were well-seasoned and cooked perfectly. My husband and I shared several of the sides. The sweet potatoes were amazing, but I can't even remember what other sides we got, they were so forgettable. Atmosphere is very traditional, nothing special. Service was averageIt is my first time eating here and I am sure it won't be my last. Took my husband here for his birthday and he left with a full belly. It's just like many great steakhouses, loud and a bit tiny. Our waiter, Boris, was super helpful and made great recommendations! He was prompt and very attentive even though it was busy. My hubby ordered the cowboy steak with blue cheese and a side of garlic mash. I had the fish of the day, speckled trout, veggies and a side of potato a grain. Finished with creme brulee. It all was fantastic! The pics do not do the food justice. Must try.Loved this restaurant! The food was absolutely amazing and would 10/10 definitely recommend for anyone looking for a nice night out! The service was some of the best I have ever experienced, I felt like we were the only ones there in an otherwise packed restaurant. I was so delighted when Archie came to talk to us personally! Cannot wait to go back!Good. Nice & peppery, which I likein a steak. Butter was a bit much. Fortunately, I read the reviews and ordered a lean cut - filet, which I'd recommend. Ribeye + butter = over the top, in my opinion. Better than only other steak house I have been to in NO, Besh, IMO but then again I'd rather have mine charcoal grilled in the back yard.I was searching restaurants for friends visiting New Orleans.  I was happy to add our personal recommendation to the restaurant.  We are lucky to live down the street to such wonderful dining experiences.  Service is quiet, professional and friendly.  Steaks are perfect.Its a small restaurant across from the eiffel society on st charles. i do like how you can watch the streetcars go by as you dine. We had a drink at the bar before we our table was ready. The wine selection was disappointing,so I ordered a $9 Hendricks gin and tonic
I ordered the soup of the day which was amazing(she crab bisque) and the braised pork belly. Sorry but i dont see what the big deal is with pork belly and i think it will be fazing itself out soon- but thats just me. I ordered the 10 oz filet($39) which looked more like 8 oz and it came out on a sizzling hot plate with garlic butter. And I mean sizzling, you can order your steak under cooked because it will continue to cook as it sits on your plate. My husband accidentally touched his plate twice throughout the meal and quickly regretted it. Sides are ala carte and I ordered the spinach Au gratin. It was the first time I saw cheddar on top spinach but it was very good. My husband ordered the cowboy ribeye($40) and twice baked potato, recommended by the server. The ribeye was well marbled and juicy at med rare but the potato was dry.For dessert we tried the tiramisu($6),it is apparently made with 6 different liquors mixed in the marscapone and had the least coffee taste out of all the tiramisu's weve ever had but still delicious. The brulee was served in a very shallow dish and was light and egg-ie which I like and came with a candle(see pic) since he knew it was my bday and was complimentary. Nocello($9) for an after dinner drink and Hennessey($9). The food was timed perfectly and even though its an expensive steak restaurant on st Charles, most were dressed semi casual. 
The only negative would be its a little pricey.Probably the best steakhouse my family and I have dined at, ever. The steak and food is prepared perfectly and the service matches the food quality.
We were warmly greeted by the host and sat immediately after arrival based on our reservation. 
Immediately we were given special occasion mini meatballs like other reviewers have stated. Made us feel special and set yes tone for our experience. Boris was our server. One of the most professional and very courteous servers I have had the pleasure of being served by. It wasn't just Boris. The entire team at this restaurant knows what team play is and how to take care of the guest. From every course being cleared off our table, plates and utensils being replaced it was seemless and flawless experience. All I can say about the service is "WOW."  Definitely worth taking your family or a special date. 
The ambiance is nice and dress code is business casual. They probably won't say anything but you would stand out if you wore just a T-shirt shorts and flip flops. Candle lit tables makes it really cozy and romantic. 
Food was excellent. We ordered the cowboy ribeye which was a bone in ribeye. Excellent presentation of a hot sizzling butter plate for the steak. Very flavorful steak and just the prefect temp. The review others left for Who Dat Shrimp, beef carpaccio, French onion soups were all top notch. Hats off the the chef. 
Thank you Boris and Mr. John Steakhouse for a memorable experience. If we are back in New Orleans I will be backAttended a bday party there, and we booked kind of late. We ordered Cowboys steak , lobster, crab cakes , pasta and some desert. Staff was so nice , service was great and food was really good . Had a great time and will be back!!The dining room is a lot smaller than i thought it would be. I have heard a lot about this place and was excited to eat here. Plus it was a celebration dinner.
Our waiter was prompt and quick to arrive at the table and supplied us with the menu and wine list. "A bottle of your finest and cheapest malbec please." $40 was pretty reasonable for a bottle. The bottles increase to over $125 if you're into that kinda thing.
Then we ordered the appetizer of the Who Dat shrimp. They are 4 crab filled shrimp wrapped in bacon and covered with chili sauce. They are as amazing as they sound. My only regret is that I ate them really quickly.
I ordered the NY strip since that is their signiture steak according to the menu. It was cooked perfectly to teperature and brought out on a sizziling plate. The streak is covered with coarse craked pepper/seasoning mix that compliments the meat well.
The wife ordered the Petit Filet at medium and it was unfortunately well done. We didn't bring it up or send it back, but it was a little dried out more than I would've liked.
The sides we ordered was the crystal sauce battered onion rings. They were thin and crispy. Very good onion rings. The second side was the potatoes au gratin. They were creamy and delicious. and as a bonus when you put them on your sizzing steak plae they get carmelized on the bottom.
We did not leave room for dessert and was very satisfied with the meal. Our waiter was attentive and i'm positive that if we asked to send the steak back it would not have been an issue. I would reccomend this place for a nice steak dinner, but I think the prices are a little steep compaired to some other steak restaurants.Made our reservations a month early for hubby's birthday. We were sat at the only 2 topper table in the room.instead of a $6.00 spumoni ice cream birthday treat, they stuck a candle in his meatball, a meatball that every patron receives. Then my steak was medium when I requested med rare. The place was not busy at all. Staff were inattentive and lacked any sort of personality towards us. For a $300 meal, which we frequently enjoy,I give at best 2 stars! And 2 was a stretch! Never again.This place came highly recommended by a friend who has done lots of entertaining for clients here over the years. Upon arrival, truly felt like a multigenerational family neighbourhood restaurant , with environment enriched with decades of history conveyed in some of the pictures on the wall.
Everything ordered was prepared to high standards of flavour, quality, and experience.   Having ordered half the appetisers for our part of six, I had to say the pork belly (which personally wouldn't have ordered) took the top honours.  
Salads were also ordered, mine, a cedar w extra anchovies, was very tasty.
For dinner we ordered 3 sirloins (mine au poivre), 2 fish, and a crab cake salad, all the steaks were perfect, both fish were devoured, and the salad eaten. 
Dessert, we ordered 4 desserts, ...all plates were cleaned.Amazing steaks and service!!!! I had the ribeye and my girlfriend had the filet mignon....both were to die for. The filet was like butter and my ribeye had so much flavor!!!
Pros
Food
Service 
Ambiance
Cons
Bathroom is through the kitchenThis was kind of a random Saturday night decision after a week's worth of nothing but Cajun food and wanting a break before delving back into some gumbo, and what do you know, we stumble upon this amazing place!
We were totally underdressed, but the staff was very friendly and happy to get us a table (only because it was so early in the evening - 5pm).  The service was impeccable, apps were to die for (we almost got another order of the fried green tomatoes), cocktails were perfectly crafted, steaks were perfectly cooked and sooooo good, and on top of it all, the desserts were amazing.
The only negative I could come up with for Mr John's was their wine list.  Everything about this place is really amazing... except the wine list (worth the 5th star, I think).  It was sufficient but nowhere close to amazing.  It would be nice to see them give as much attention to and place as much pride in their wine list as they do the rest of the restaurant including their bar program - not that I'm the NY Times or SF Chron by any stretch of the imagination.This is my favorite steak house in New Orleans though I'll admit going through the kitchen to get to the bathrooms is a bit disconcerting! Best beef - possibly anywhere! Get the filet, you will not be sorry!!Let's get this out front - it's a la cart, which means you are paying $7 for a baked potatoe and $9 for creamed spinach.   But this allows you to custom build your meal.  My DH got the Cowboy, $55 of flavorful yum!.  I got the filet, tender & delightful. We started with the pork belly app and onion rings.  Those onion rings although marinated in Crystal hot sauce are just fine for the non-spicey people.  I'd go again, but be prepared for the $275 for 2Decided to go ahead and purchase a groupon to this particular restaurant considering how wonderful Desi Vega's is.
I made a reso for a party of 4 for my partner's birthday dinner with family, when making the reservation I made sure to let the agent know we had 2 groupons we would like to use on separate checks considering we typically do not dine out very often, and even if they have to split us at different tables we would be okay with that. The agent understood and proceeded to give us the thumbs up on both groupons.
The family was uber excited to dine here considering how great Desi's is, but then the night turned very sour from the moment our server mentioned we could not use the groupons. My FIL immediately asked to speak to the manager, yet the server never brought the manager over to conversate with us and explain the server's reasoning. Instead, he brushed the situation off like it was nothing and proceeded to "hurry our experience up" by putting in our orders immediately, never suggesting a single item, and was clearly only worried about receiving a tip at the end of the night. 
As for the food, it was mediocre. I could have dined at another expensive steak house in the city and received better service, much better product, and class. 
No manager EVER stopped by our table to check-in to see how everything was. Not only was my steak burnt to a crisp, my FIL porterhouse was eh, and my MIL steak was charred. The sides were both pipping hot as if they were sitting under a heat lamp for over 20 minutes asking to burn your mouth for that first bite. 
Overall, horrible experience, horrible service, horrible product. The only thing that "made the night better" was a few guests chiming in to sing happy birthday. If I would have known the groupon situation was so ridiculous, I would have never purchased the damn thing! 
After trying to reach out to the management to express how disappointed we all were in the service, I bet no one will even return a phone call!I'm giving it three stars because the service and the steak were exceptional. The french onion soup and the sides were underwhelming. Everyone was served a complimentary "homemade" cocktail sized meatball which honestly tasted like a frozen meatball. The sauce with it was very good though. The onion soup tasted like water with onion in it probably the worst I have ever had.  The sauce with the crabmeat steak topping was also lacking flavor. The filet however was fantastic.  I will give them another try based on ambiance, service and the steak.As you enter Mr. Johns you get the feel of an old, established steakhouse. We had the bar b que shrimp app which was delicious. Also had the wedge salad which was huge. It had blue cheese dressing and bacon bits and some cherry tomatoes , almost a meal in itself. Aaron and John then brought out our steaks , strip and filet, cooked to perfection. The sides of steak fries and potatoes au gratin were a nice accompaniment. 
All in all , an excellent meal and very good service. Can't wait to go back.Loved this restaurant! One of the best steaks I have had in my life - butterflies filet minion! Yummy!! Husband had New York steak that was super delicious, too! Wait staff was terrific and very attentive. Really enjoyed our meal here!Petite filet with a side of mac n cheese and potato au gratin. 
The steak was flavorful and cooked almost perfect. It was more rare than medium rare but it was sitting on a sizzling plate (on a pool of oil/butter that I could do without) so it continued to cook as it sat. 
The mac n cheese was disapointing. The waiter talked up a crab and andouille version. I couldnt taste or see any crab.  I found the sauce far too greasy. The "sauce" clearly had a butter/cheese separation - leading to gloppy (is that a word? Im pretty sure thats a word....) mac n cheese. 
The potatoes had a bit of separation going on as well, although it was still a bit creamy and far better than the mac.
I don't think the food here is worth the prices.My favorite steakhouse in New Orleans.  They put out the type of steak that Ruth's Chris used to put out before they became mainstream.  They pour stiff drinks, they have amazing service, and the other items on the menu are cooked just right with plenty of flavor.  I look forward to going back again and again.Excellent food! We ordered ours to go and took it upstairs.  Our purchase consisted of ceasar salad, french onion soup and who dat. Salad was crisp with freshly sliced parmesan. The French onion was tricky since our order was to go. They can't meant cheese on the styrofoam to go containers, but we took them anyway since we were cold. It still had great flavor. The best part of the meal were the 'who dats'. Look at the menu to see what's in it, but need I say more after 'bacon'? And, service was fast!I've been sleeping on Mr. John's. No idea why it's taken me forever to visit this establishment. Especially because I am a fan of their sister restaurant, Desi Vega's.
Exactly like Desi Vega's, your chosen cut of steak comes out on a hot sizzling plate. Keep this in mind when deciding how done you want the steak. Mr. John's has it down to a science and it'll come out just how you want it.
I order the ribeye with a blue cheese crust or truffle butter (so hard to decide between the two) rare - med/rare. The ribeye is so tender, juicy, and flavorful. I'm actually drooling as I type this review.
I tried a handful of their appetizers and sides. All of which were so/so. The main attraction is their steak!!!!Seeing a deal on Groupon for what is supposed to be one of the best steakhouses in New Orleans I naturally purchased it with great excitement.   However; that is where the excitement ended.  
Following the rules of the "deal" we called numerous times, each time having to leave our name, number, when we wanted a reservation and the fact that we had a Groupon, all of which we did on numerous occasions. We never received a call back.  
The Groupon was due to expire on 9/30/18 so we decided to try one last time before contacting Groupon.  
I was actually able to get a live person on the phone who took my reservation, told me about parking etc.. -  excitement is now back BUT a few moments later we get a call cancelling our reservations because they just can't accommodate us! Not only that but they were extremely rude and discourteous.  
I would not go to this restaurant now if you paid me.  I do not believe in paying people to mistreat me and I am of the generation that still believes that the customer should be accommodated and business should always honor their commitments. 
If you don't want to honor your Groupon deals just don't offer them, don't sell them and then make it nearly impossible to redeem it!
GROUPON is now looking into this so if you are in the same situation contact Groupon, they will allow you to either choose another deal or give you a refund so you do have a remedy!
LynnI wanted to try after some of the reviews and after experiencing so many other delicious Nola restaurants, I had high hopes. This place was just ok. The food was not memorable and my dads steak had to be taken back and cooked more (not terrible but couldve been handled better; when it arrived, bernaise sauce was cold and solidified some, whereas other restaurants would've just added more sauce) the waiters were pretty good otherwise. They were sweet to my daughters. The host (older lady) was pretty tacky and even though in the grand scheme of things, it's not that important, it's still a turn off. We arrived at hotel when restauranr opened and this restaurant is housed in a pretty low star hotel but front desk said to go on in, no reservations needed.... Well the host was appalled that we thought a table might be available.... So we had to play "the game" you know, the one where the hostess gets on a power trip for a few minutes... (I would rather them just say: there is no table available and we can move on...)Well my father is Asian and I thought her correction of the word concierge was extremely rude (my father referred
To the lady who worked at the hotel desk instead of concierge) I thought this hostess was very racist and tacky. We went back to Waldorf where despite higher stars, have not experienced any snobby/tacky staff.
Another note which may not be the fault of the restaurant but still worth mentioning is the restrooms.... No hot water and you have to walk though hotel.We love New Orleans. Everything we eat there tastes amazing. We wanted to try something outside the French Quarter and someone recommended this restaurant. Great meal, would go again. I wish we went earlier during the day to walk around the neighbourhood.Great steak, sides were also okay. Value of food to price is where it lacks. $45 for a ribeye is a bit on the pricey side. I also dislike that the steaks come on hot plates as they continue to cook throughout the meal. I'd order your steak slightly rarer than you normally do. 
We all had the Ribeyes, can't comment on other entrees. Au-gratin broccoli was pretty tasty, but the mac-n-cheese with crawfish & andouille is where it's at. 
Save your money & cook a better steak at home.The atmosphere and the service at Mr. John's was A1. My husband and I went for our anniversary and it was well worth the $200+ bill. I had the NY strip with a side of broccoli au gratin and my husband had the filet with a side of sweet potato souffle. We also had the calamari appetizer that is served with olive salad on top. Top all of thus off with a nice glass of cabernet and you have a great anniversary or anytime dinner. We are already planning our trip back.I was very disappointed in this steak house. There was 4 of us. I ordered the lobster an shrimp fettuccine Alfredo the noodle were under cooked and the sauce was definitely not Alfredo taste. The tomato an mozzarella salad was good the tomato was firm and mozzarella was nice an fresh an went nicely with the balsamic vinaigrette. The next plate was the porter house for two. They brought it under cooked. Asked for medium and was brought rare. When we sent it back they reheated it an brought it back causing it to be dry. This plate cost $88 I have been to similar scale places an they will cook a fresh steak and box the messed up piece an allow you to take it home.  The sides are purchased separately and the Fred an mac is a spicy Mac n cheese with sausage and topped with Parmesan cheese. Noodles were over cooked an mushy so we asked if we could exchange for a regular Mac n cheese thinking different batch of noodles. This time they came out dry. When there is issues like this at a table I think the manager needs to make a present to apologize an see if we need anything or something we need to make our experience better. Never saw the manager that evening nor did the waiter apologize for the mistakes in the meals. For the amount we paid for our meals $185 there should of been a different experience. when you walk in to an upscale restaurant the hostess is your first impression. My suggest is make your waitress wears a bra an not a pink crop top showing things that are not appropriate along with a mini skirt that showed her bright colored underwear.Haven't dined here. That was the problem. Called 6 times over a 30 minute period of when they first opened. On the 3rd call I was sent straight to voicemail. We really wanted a nice steak dinner before leaving NOLA and was disappointed when this establishment couldn't even pick up the phone.We went here with a group of 16, this place is amazing the service was terrific and the food even better. I have one suggestion for them,  we had one of are party who is a vegan and when she asked what they could make for her the server rolled his eyes back and said "lady you do know your at a steak house right", when your with a group that large don't assume everyone likes what you have and for gods sake find a chef that can create a awesome vegan meal, it's not that hard! I come to New Orleans about ever 3 years and love bringing group to this restaurant I hope time we a a awesome vegan meal for one of my guests. Ps don't for a minute think I wouldn't recommend this place, the food is amazing and the service is great.This is a favorite steakhouse of mine, but I must say sadly this time the mark was truly missed! The crab cake is now full of filler and not seasoned, plates were hot, food cold and my ribeye was extremely tough. I was shocked and appalled by what I experienced eating and the fact that I'm typing this. It will definitely be a while b4 I dot the door again, I never usually have any issues here at all....Don't understand anyone that doesn't give this 5 stars. Preparations and ingredients are fabulous. Love their sizzling crab cake. One could argue well done crab is a crime, but he crisp is a wonderful frosting for the succulent center. The steak is prime. Don't waist your time on anything but prime rib or fillet mignon. The best for the best. Great spot. Drinks are proper old school with dignity pours and proper flMr Johns Steak House, is without a doubt the finest steak house I have been to in the 504.
From the minute you sit down, 'till you walk out the door, you are treated so well.
My steak, a Rare Pittsburg style Rib-Eye was impeccable, cooked to perfection.
My side of sautéed mushrooms and potatoes au gratin, could not have been better.
The price is similar to other steak houses of this level, but so worth the $43.00 for my Rib-Eye.
Looking for a  special place, for a special date, or just have a craving for a gorgeous cut of read meat cooked to perfection.
Mr John's is the place for you my friend..
And I am..
Da Big Easy Daddy..My boyfriend and I finally got the chance come here with his family for his birthday and as expected, we had a very pleasant experience.  First off, I absolutely love the intimate ambiance of the restaurant.  Definitely a great place for a date.  The servers and staff were very accommodating and knowledgable, so no complaints there.
So now to the important part of every review: the foodddd!  We ordered calamari to start off, but I don't remember it being that amazing.  Just your standard calamari.  My boyfriend and I shared the Porterhouse for Two.  It was cooked to perfection and was flavorful and succulent!  I was definitely impressed but I still wouldn't say it's the best steak I've ever tried.  I'm still attached to that mouthwatering ribeye from Dickie Brennan's.  Either way, I definitely wouldn't mind coming back.The best steak I've ever had! Top service and food! Definitely a must for a top notch steakhouse experience.Just had lunch there with a late reservation made for noon for 2 people. Got in with no problem expecting the crowd to be light. It was anything but light, and it was very energetic with high powered people all around to my surprise. We both had petite filets for lunch, one with butter and one without. They were both excellent in size and taste. The sides were just OK. We had a regular potato mash and sweet potato mash. Too much butter whipped in took away the typically great potato taste. Turtle soup appetizer was also delicious. Not the typical New Orleans/Brennans style Turtle Soup, but a more modernized version with sliced tomatoes, cilantro, and other greens. Very tasty and it gives the traditional style a run for the money.Great food, great experience, and all because of Gindy.We had a wonderful "surprise"birthday dinner there last night. We like to all share our dinners when we dine out so that we can experience  a little bit of everything on the menu. The cowboy Ribeye was the best Ive ever had. The filet was butter in your mouth. The veal was amazing. Gindy provided a great experience  with fun, knowledge  and attentiveness.  The level of service he provided is hard to find in this city. We were all very please and satisfied with
Mr .Johns, even after the hostess kind of ruined the surprise for the guest of honor, to which I confirmed twice over the phone that it was a surprise. The food was outstanding! Thanks to Mr. JOHNS and Gindy for such a memorable  experience. Truly a NOLA gem.