One of our favorite eateries, food is always on point and you can't beat the prices. We are frequent NOLA visitors and Ed's is always a must.I wouldn't call it a fancy restaurant because the menus had creases, grease stains, and the servers' aprons were dirty. However, the food was sooooo good. Definitely try the crawfish spinach dip and the orleans pasta (it had shrimp and crawfish over angelhair.)Redfish Pontchatrain was delicious! Service okay and whatever you do don't try to valet park. The valet took off with our keys!I have lived in new orleans my entire life and actually live 1 block from this restaurant. I have had a bad experience every time I have tried to eat here and vow to never go back. Because it is so close, I have given them multiple opportunities to change my mind. This was the final straw. $16 for an oyster po boy with 8 count them, 8 fried oysters. Total rip and an awful place to eat. I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy.Got the Stuffed Pepper special.  Meh. This is a classic example of institutional food.  the recipe had no zip.  The preparation had zero love.  Clearly the bell pepper had been cooked separately, probably microwaved.  The filling was just a boring ground beef glop with a few shrimp thrown in and either kept in a steam table or microwaved.  Scoop and place in a pepper half, spoon on the blah blah red sauce and heat in an oven for a very few minutes and then over salt it.  Really?  
The pepper was under cooked but I could tolerate that because I even like them raw.  The filling was barely warm..the 2nd pepper half was cold to the touch before I finished the first half.  Yes, I finished this lunch because 1) I was hungry, 2) I can tolerate mediocre food, and 3) I had no time to find another lunch venue.  I am sure that the kitchen staff followed the recipe procedure as the place is still a new restaurant and probably still monitors their help.  But the recipe and cooking process was so lackluster that it reeked of "I don't care."
Not poisonous, not horrible, but definitely sub par.  I desperately want to like this place because it's so close to my work and I need an alternative to Slice and Voodoo BBQ.  But the food don't cut it.  Sorry.  If the food is like this just after opening, I am not expecting it to get any better.  Maybe the fried dishes are better.The food was fantastic.  Loved the raw oysters. I only had the IPA but definitely a great beer. Clean and very friendly. Erian was our tender server and was fantastic. Making it back durring our stay.Just happen to go in during a rainstorm super friendly crowd great food good beers what else could you ask for other than a hotel right next-door to go and crash at.Amazing food!!! Highly recommend. We are from Seattle and wanted some great Cajun seafood with a twist. We had the seafood over pasta in a Parmesan cream sauce and it was mouth watering. We also enjoyed the red beans and rice, jambalaya, and crab cakes. I would definitely eat there again. The only reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is because the waiter wasn't very attentive. But we got our food in a reasonable amount of time, so it was ok overall.Stopped at Mr. Ed's for a late lunch while on my trip home. Waitress was very nice and quick. Food came out hot and fresh. Only thing we didn't like is the entrees coming out at different times. I ordered chicken strips and French fries for my 2 y.o nephew but he proceeded to eat my red beans which were exceptionally good. Fried fish was okay but nothing to rave about. The rest of my group enjoyed their meals (fried chicken, potato salad, red beans, crab cakes) as well.The calamari was outstanding! We had the fried sampler platter that had catfish, shrimp, chicken and jambalaya. Everything was amazing and highly recommended. The fried chicken was juicy and mouthwatering. The catfish had just the right amount of breading on it to taste perfect. Then the shrimp well there are just no words it was outstanding.I've been in the restaurant business for 30 years in Chicago so believe me when I say I can't find enough words of praise for this restaurant and crew! We arrived at the neighboring hotel late on Friday while they were closing up but we popped in and met Kevin who happily served up two dozen oysters with prosecco... We returned the next day to try Willys char grilled oysters which were a masterpiece! Then chef brought out crawfish beignets while Misty served up a great bloody Mary!!! We returned a third time in 3 days!  A combination of great food with sincere and attentive service in an unassuming setting where you can watch a game with out the chaos of the quarter...I can't wait to plan our next weekend trip!! Thank you all!Horrible.  seafood should be AlWAYS fresh in Louisiana.  We stopped our order after the dozen of raw oysters we ordered.  We smelled like bad seafood all night.  Couldn't wash it off.  Gross. Never experienced anything like it before.  Go local and non chain.  Our kids wouldn't even eat there fry app.  On top of it the floor was so slippery from I don't know what.  ?? Don't waste your timeGreat and charming place and great service.  Charbroiled oysters were tasty and VERY VERY small...like pea size!!!!  Red Beans and rice were just OK and not much flavor.  Fried fish was OUTSTANDING!!!!  Great place and I think you good do better....need some tweaking is all.....This place is good and homey. I had the stuffed peppers and was expecting the usual, but they were so flavorful! I scraped the plate with my fork, I would've licked it but I've been told that it's not socially acceptable behavior for an adult (in public). I can't recall what the other people in my group had but they liked their entrees too.My wife and I had lunch here today and we ordered the parmasen cheese and garlic oysters along with a order of crab and crayfish crab cakes and some chicken gumbo... It was very tasty  and it was nice and fresh. Very nice restaurant  our waiter was a bit chatty  I would not have minded but he did not bring us water or take a drink order until I asked him to get me a drink.So, I've eaten here a couple of times, the food is pretty good. The problem is the service, we all know bad service makes a great meal suck. I work late and was plesntly surprised the first time I stopped by, the staff was friendly and accommodating, the second time I felt like I was intruding on them by getting there at 915, today's experience will drive me away forever. I walked in the door at 920 planning a quick bite at the bar, I was promptly informed that they close at 9pm (the sign on the door says 10), I asked about the bar and recived a quickly dismissing "No, we closed at 9". That's fine, they have lost my business but I work in the casino and spend a lot of time recommending restaurants to tourists, I think I'll send them somewhere where the staff understands how customer service is suppose to work!We stopped at Mr. Ed's in NOLA and did not know it was a franchise. It looked very upscale. Hubby and I shared the seafood platter for two. They should have said for four! The shrimp and oysters were wonderful. I did not care for the catfish. I love catfish and was very disappointed. This the only reason for the 4 star. Our service was wonderful and we enjoyed the conversation with our waiter.Outstanding food and service!  Acacia not only handled the bar with professionalism and promptness, but provided courteous and attentive food service as well.  Ruwan managed the restaurant tirelessly and made me feel very welcome.  My grilled red fish was perfect.  Plenty of televisions to keep-up with the evening games.  Acacia even programmed the set nearest me to my preferred ball game.  I am a huge convert to the Garden District and Mr. Ed's on St. Charles is within easy walking distance of so many fine hotels and right on the trolley line, you just shouldn't miss it.  Stay clear of the French Quarter hype and enjoy at evening of great food at drink at Mr. Ed's!Recommended by both the hotel concierge and my Uber driver, I decided to give it a try. Mr. Ed's did not disappoint. I couldn't make my mind up on a meal so I got the "Taste of New Orleans" which is a Cajun sampler plate with jambalaya, red beans and rice, and crawfish ettouffe (sp?). It was delicious! Nice ambiance, the service was good, no wait for a table, and the food was tasty.This was by far the worst dining experience I have ever had in New Orleans.
Our waitress, Tiffany, was wonderful. Everything else was horrible.
I got the swordfish special. The food came out cold. The mashed potatoes were hard as a rock and tasted like they were powdered mashed potatoes as opposed to real ones. The asparagus looked a few years old and my swordfish was so severely dried out I couldn't even swallow one bite.
I sent it back and the manager came over to the table and tried to tough talk me into eating it anyway. He kept asking if I even knew anything about swordfish. What an a-hole. I finally had to ask him what the hell point he was trying to make. He told me it was an expensive piece of fish and he couldn't believe that I wanted a different one. I was tempted to stand up and show this little Napoleon who was boss, but I was too tired and too hungry to really get into it with him.
Tiffany promptly brought out another dinner, which was an improvement, but the swordfish was just so damn fishy I still couldn't eat it.
I have never had a manager be so confrontational when I was not satisfied with my meal.
I will never, ever go here again and I suggest you stay away as well.I had been seeing this place while running down St. Charles. I stopped in tonight and had a great experience. I had the crawfish bread and a seafood platter, and the food was great. My waiter, Charles, it was a delight.Good seafood restaurant. When we were there they had some great lunch specials but also had fresh oysters. When we entered the "shucker" was right near the entrance and offered a free taste. Very nice atmosphere with prompt service.This is our second night going to Mr. Ed's Oyster Bar. The food was very 
delicious, tonight we ordered the white fish special with some vegetables, grill oysters with some garlic and cheese. The best was the yummy dessert bread pudding with their special sauce. What made it Special was our waitress Rakhal, she was very personable and every time we ask her a question she gave us her honest opinion. 
Rakhal, Thank you for making our dinner so enjoyable and relaxing... I wish I could stay longer, so I could try other dish on your menu. I hope that when I come back to Nola, that we get to see you again.  
Evelyn GGood, basic New Orleans seafood restaurant.  Complete of favorites.  Oysters were fresh and tasty.  Gumbo and jambalaya excellent.  My friends had well prepared fried shrimp and oysters.  The dinner menu has chargrilled options that were jot available for
lunch.  Atmosphere us casual and clean.    Service was working furiously to adapt to the post-Mardi Gras chaos of missing workers, and lack of prep cooks.  I will try again in a few weeks once the city recovers.  It is worth looking for and finding this place that is easy to miss amidst its glitzier neighbors.My friends and  I all ordered something different.  I had the grilled redfish tasty but my vegetables were overcooked. The Cobb salad with grilled chicken was pleasing. The angel hair pasta and meatballs struggled the sauce tasted burnt .The meatballs were huge hamburgers and the pasta overcooked. We all voted this is tourist food not authentic NOLAFirst of all it wasnt really busy but the wait was still 45 min. We sat down ordered and still waited almost an hour before food was served. I ordered the New Orleans platter which was cold, sent it back waited again for it only to be brought out luke warm. This place reminds me of Mall food just below average. The food was not worth the wait.. Also our waiter  wasnt very helpful, it was like he was bothered and his comment regarding his tip"WOW"!!!. First of all we had to flag him down to order, get drink refills and to return the cold food we waited over an hour for, so tiping you almost $30.00 wasnt an option. So if its basic yr looking for than this would be the place.The best chargrilled oysters in NOLA! Will is the best oyster chef in town and Misty is the best damn bartender. She is super sweet and she definitely knows how to mix some cocktail! 10 out of 10 would dine again! Everyone needs to visit Mr. Ed's!Went there over an HOUR before close (10PM) and the manager turned our table-of-4 away. Walked across the street and ate somewhere else. What a crappy manager, denying his staff the tips.
Google says 11PM. If you want to close earlier - CHANGE YOUR HOURS. Seems so simple.I thought I would be disappointed but I was pleased with the food. Forget the service. It was terrible. Food is excellent. Red beans and rice are the best in NOLA!The raw oysters were good. The rest of the food was nothing special. Definitely more hype just because of it's location.Amazing food and drinks! I had the redfish and red beans and rice ... phenomenal! Would absolutely recommend to anyone visiting New Orleans.I was really excited to experience Mr. ED's Oyster House after reading the reviews on Yelp. We visited the St. Charles Ave. Location after driving  by the French Quarter location and seeing people standing outside waiting to get in. What a big mistake we made. I ordered the Seafood Platter which consisted of fried catfish, shrimp, and oysters. Everything on my plate was fried way to long. My oysters  were crispy and I was so disappointed with my meal that I lost my appetite. Our waiter was attentive, but I question a waiter who does not recognize when food is over cooked. A really good waiter doesn't present food to his guest thats not right. I think this location serves more ltalian food than seafood. Most of the guest around us had ordered Italian. The dishes look delishes and the customers appeared to be pleased.When the soft shelled crab is in season, it is the most amazing meal on the planet.  Get it covered in crawfish etoufee.
If you happen to sit at the bar, I hope Erin Punch is working.  She is an expert bar tender and even better conversationalist.
Mr. Ed himself even walked in and said hi!Best charbroiled oysters I have ever had.  Will is who prepared the charbroiled.  The raw oysters are good quality as well.  Service is great as well.  Nothing to complain, highly recommend.Nice atmosphere. Really good food. 
The surly waiter kinda spoiled the whole experience. He acted superior.
Maybe he is having a bad day. We all have bad days, but it to job. Suck it up. You're representing the Mr. Ed's Oyster Bar brand, and dare I say, The City of New Orleans, with all of its tourism business.
All that said, I would go there again and hope I get a different waiter.Where the locals go! Our bartender at another NO hotspot was impressed we went here and got out of the Quarter. Excellent service, excellent oysters, and the fried green tomatoes were a culinary masterpiece. I tried the turtle soup for the novelty, and it was pretty good. Head to the Garden District for Mr. ed's!The fresh salmon wasn't. Service was slow.  The total time at restaurant was 90+ minutes.  Waitress,  was mentally not there.  Worst dining experience ever.Just beautiful inside at night with the colored lights and the art. All the best of the NOLA experience is here!  I'm going to steal Alfredo, our waiter, and take him with me everywhere I go!
Walked in after a long day in the sun at Jazz Fest and we were seated right away even though the restaurant was packed and it was almost closing time.  Very friendly and welcoming hostesses.
Got oysters (13 for the price of 12) , fried green tomatoes with rémoulade sauce, and the seafood and chicken gumbo.  got plenty of cocktail sauce and all the fixin's.  Didn't have enough remoulade on the plate so asked Alfredo to bring more which he did immediately with a bight smile :-)  
one comment on my chicken and sausage gumbo, it was a bit salty for my taste.  The seafood gumbo was really interesting and delightful.  It had a big ole crab claw in it.  Yum!
Sazerac was very nice, too.  $8 for Sazerac and $6 for a beer.  Oysters were $15 per doz.
This place was an oasis for us.Amazing food, killer drinks, awesome service at a reasonable price. 
We had chargrilled oysters for our appetizer. Could have done with a little less Parmesan; the oysters were too good to cover the flavor. We had Redfish Maison and Crawfish Ettoufee as entrees. I was stuffed but didn't want to quit eating. Oh so good!!!
Great service. I appreciate when the food prep area is open. It shows pride and confidence in their service.I have lived in new orleans my entire life and actually live 1 block from this restaurant. I have had a bad experience every time I have tried to eat here and vow to never go back. Because it is so close, I have given them multiple opportunities to change my mind. This was the final straw. $16 for an oyster po boy with 8 count them, 8 fried oysters. Total rip and an awful place to eat. I wouldn't recommend this place to my worsThe food is amazing. They have great lunch specials every day. The grilled oysters are out of this world.It was delicious. The crab cakes were amazing. The Cajun cheese bread was awesome. The service couldn't have been better. Already planning our next trip.My Ed's, great place to eat.  The environment is extremely relaxing and the food was tasty.. I ordered the shrimp and grits; and it did not disappoint.   The fried fish was tasty as well.. Service was great as well as food.. THUMBS up for service as well as Food..Oysters are good. Most food is fried and I found it all salty. You want better oysters? Go across the street to The Pelican for happy hour. Wait staff here are great, though. Friendly and good. I just wasn't a fan of their food outside of the raw oysters. I also found them pricey, but portions are large.I moved away from New Orleans 32 years ago and struggle to find authentic food whenever I can. The great news is that this place is right next door to my new favorite hotel in New Orleans -- Maison St. Charles. I've not worked my way through the entire menu, but there's always next time.
The food is well-prepared, the staff is very friendly, and the prices are reasonable. They have some clever dishes -- like the Gumbolaya, which is a mashup of Gumbo and Jambalaya -- along with traditional favorites.
Okay, so where is the missing star? They were a little short on the condiments and the bread I asked for to go with dinner wasn't what I'd expect from a city where one can still find authentic French bread all over town.This place was recommended by 4 different sources. The oysters were excellent. The blackened catfish was on point and the Peach Cobbler fed four of us.First time going, and it was delicious. Great ambience!!! Loved the stuffed soft shell crab. Will definitely return.I ordered a dozen oysters Grilled, and the crabcakes, and I was not disappointed with either. The oysters were neither too small or too large, and even though I was dining by myself, I struggle to finish this meal.  I'll be back !Restaurant was clean. Food was fresh. Service was great, friendly. I asked for recommendations and the waitress was very helpful. I ordered the chicken gumbo and the charbroiled oyster platter.  I was happy with my meal. I'd eat here again.TOWNER IS AMAZING! I love a server that is knowledgeable and attentive. His personality is great and I can't wait to visit again to see him and have great food as well.Fantastic food, service, & drinks!
Our waiter was fantastic and was great at recommending some delicious libations and food. 
I will definitely be returning next time I am back!PHONY HOURS OF OPERATION!!!! I was visiting from Houston, TX and heard great things about this restaurant. I walked through the doors at approximately 9pm and was quickly told "we closed"...I'm almost certain that the hours online state they close at 10pm. Allegedly they stopped seating at 9:30pm, but it wasn't even 9:30pm yet. Needless to say I WILL NOT BE BACK. I have this thing about not patronizing places with horrible service.This is the best gumbo and fried chicken I've ever had and make sure you leave room for the bread pudding!Myself, husband and kids visited this restaurant and we all enjoyed our food . Service was great as well. Will definitely add to our list of family spots to eat at.Very disappointing place- walk in my first choice was crawfish, I asked the girl was more interested in her texting, anyhow no crawfish so I sat down and ordered my second choice - the pork chops, I ordered and 30 minutes later I got them- MY GOD!! they were dark brown burnt- I took a bit then I asked the waiter if they were supposed to look like that- he knew what I was saying cause he picked up the dish and left, I canceled and paid for my ice tea and the wilted lettuce salad- I had to pick out all the slimy brown pieces of lettuce out.
Quite frankly, it's worth the drive to Deanies or other places- this was the only disappointing place since our visitWe started with fried green tomatoes and chicken and andouille gumbo. The coating on the tomatoes was so good and crispy! Hubby said gumbo was good and had plentiful amounts of chicken. Next came my red beans and his fried oyster platter. It was also soooo good. Will definitely return!I'll never go back.  The service was terrible.  We could have finished our meal and left 45 minutes earlier if our waiter was more attentive.  The meal was served at best warm, and the waiter asked if I wanted tauter sauce and more drinks.  After 15 minutes I had to ask the hostess for it and finally got the sauce and waited more time for the drinks.  During this time the waiter was only serving two other tables, and folding napkins most of the time.  One of my guest had sweetened tea and he re-served unsweetened tea twice in a row.  After I asked for a couple of go-boxes and the check, it took another 10+ minutes, and yes, folding napkins again.
But this was better service than the Metairie location I attended 2 years ago.  We never got a table.  We sat in front of the Host for 45 minutes watching others go and come.  When we finally asked why we couldn't get a table, he said he called my name three times; funny thing was that we were sitting within ten feet of his station looking right at him the whole time.  He flat out lied and made no apologies.  We left without eating.
I'm not giving it three strikes.  They're out in my opinion.  Quality of the food-So So. No Stars at all in my opinion.Best poboy I've had in New Orleans, and the wait staff are incredibly attentive and friendly! We brought 2 picky eaters with us, and they loved it as well.I was very impressed. I had the crawfish omelette - DELICIOUS. My Debbie's Rum Punch was very refreshing. I was very pleased with the shrimp gumbo and oh the banana foster pie was perfect ending to a perfect Sunday BrunchCharbroiled oysters were decent. They certainly had too much seasoning and oil. 
I ordered a plate of 12 charbroiled oysters. These come out sizzling hot in the shell, breaded and sitting in a butter/oil blend. 
The first few were tasty. But the flavor was so overwhelmingly oily and salty, it was too much. The plate was drenched in oil/butter. 
The flavors were good, but in a frozen kind of way. The primary emphasis was on the breading and oil, with very little respect for the oyster flavor.I enjoyed this location. This was my first time there, I went for happy hour mon-fri 3-6pm they have great options for $5 I had the fried green tomatoes, crabs fish balls and some oysters! Everything was fantastic, customer service was great!Overpriced touristy seafood trap.  Slow service.  Food was mediocre and doesn't match up to plenty of other options in the city.I had the ribeye with BBQ shrimp on top that the waiter Charles suggested. It was delicious!  Charles gave great advise on all of our menu selections.   I will stop by if I ever am in New Orleans again.Really good! The food selection was nice, all the classics and a few others worth a try. The food was spiced well and the portion size is large but not ridiculous. The staff was knowledgeable and polite and our server Davey was the best!We tried Mr.Ed's this weekend.  We wanted to valet, but a valet never came out, so we parked our vehicle ourself in the empty lot.  The restaurant was clean, decorated nicely with local artwork, and had a friendly staff.  We ate at the bar and our bartender was very attentive.  My husband enjoyed his Old Fashion cocktails and I had Debbie's rum punch, which tasted great.  We ordered a dozen raw oysters, which were freshly shucked for us.  Maybe it's just the batch we had, but they weren't salty or briny like LA oysters normally are.  We also selected two appetizers, the calamari and eggplant sticks.  Both were fried nicely, not greasy at all, but both lacked flavor and salt.  The calamari had way too much batter on them and were mostly all rings.  When we pulled off in our vehicle, a valet approached us and signaled to roll the window down.  My husband did, and the valet had the nerve to say, "Hey man, what cha' got for me?  I'll even takes a dollar."  Again, we parked our own car!  We won't return.Cool little place that is out of the way. Brought my students here and had to order another platter of shrimp they liked them so much. I will be back. The food is delicious and the price is great. Nice portion size and friendly staff.I went here with my boyfriend and we both left really disappointed. We ordered two entrees (soft shell crab special and then redfish with étouffée on top) which took 40 minutes. The restaurant was probably half full when we went so this is no excuse and our server was nowhere to be found during this time. At the 20 minute mark, he assured us that our food was almost ready but we then waited another 20 minutes. When it finally came out, it was mediocre at best. The fish entree tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp. I've been a server before for years so I know when a plate has been sitting under a lamp for a while. The soft shell crab (which our server kept hyping up) was bland and a much smaller portion than the server made it out to be. Our bill was about $60 for two and we didn't get anything other than those entrees. I don't mind paying but when the service and food are unsatisfactory, it makes me mad. We could have spent that somewhere else so much better and been happy with our dinner. This city has too many good restaurants to ever return to this place.I really like the location on Live Oak.  It's got an Old New Orleans neighborhood vibe.  I've had consistently good meals there.  I wasn't happy with this location.  It's expensive, touristy and the food just wasn't very good.  
I had the blackened redfish with crawfish etoufee with rice.  It was a modest piece of fish vastly over salted with an average amount of crawfish and a tiny dollop of rice.  Could have brought us out some Leidenheimer's or something to fill us up because our portions were small for the prices charged.  
I ordered the bread pudding because I was hungry after dinner.  I like the consistency a lot but it's pretty sweet with the praline sauce.  My wife ordered coffee and was served the worst creamer I have ever seen.  The tab was over $80 and we only had iced tea so to bring us this Sysco container of chemicals was a real insult.  I am still angry I ate here.The beautiful hostess is tried to take me upstairs and hide all my beautifulness from the main happenings down stairs in this quaint cafe in "the khaw-ders."
"You not gone leave me up here by myself, are you?" I asked, COMPLETELY serious. I think I must've threw her for a loop: she hesitate and said. "Fine M'aam just c'mon..." feeling the tear of trust between us I quickly asked her opinion about the menu (Power I'd such a delicate thing to keep in check), and she came alive, settled in and gave me her take on what to gobble-up on the menu.
She was as right as right could be!
I ordered the red beans & rice with grilled andouille and a side of cornbread. Lawd have mercy I wanted to slap my mama. Blam! Right up side her face o woulda if I coulda.
I'm in Naw'lins for seven days and I imagine I'll return and hopefully to that front window table that allowed me to position myself in the direction of the Riverfront Outlets.... they too were awesome and worthy of a second helpingWent here today for my boss' birthday.  I got the shrimp poboy.  One of the best shrimp poboys I've had.  My boss got the stuffed miraliton.  She loved it.  The other person got 10 ounce cheeseburger and he loved it.  And the other person had troast beef poboy.  It was dry.  It needed more gravy and the roast needed salt and garlic...more flavor.  They also brought bread pudding, for the birthday girl and it was amazing! I will be back soon.Mr. Ed would not be happy with our meal this evening.
Oysters on the half shell were perfect. Briny, cold, plump, wow...
The pineapple margarita was downright awesome. Bar service by Misty was superb. She made us feel like regulars.
But...
The char-grilled oysters were not good at all. Way, way too salty. And the little baby bivalves were dry and sometimes, non-existent. Why not serve the big juicy ones? Huh?
The grilled shrimp and andouille sausage over lima beans was equally disappointing. First, they were butterbeans...second, the shitty little shrimp was boiled, not grilled. If you don't know a lima bean from a butterbean, go home.
The service almost made up for the kitchen mishaps. 
Go early. Lots of good $5 food and drink specials.
We'll try again.We ordered barbecue shrimp as an appetizer and then got into oysters. Shrimp really exceeded my expectations. What flavor and the French bread was perfect. The oysters were fabulous half dozen iced raw and a dozen charbroiled. Large and juicy. Best tasting oysters I've had in a very long time. Before this visit to New Orleans is over, I'll be back to Mr. Eds. Did I mention that the service was great?  It was.The serve was horrible and most of the food was tooo. It was a buzzy Mother's Day.. and they just did not have enough servers....the oysters were huge in size but lacked flavor. The food was ok... but did not live up to my expectations...Fantastic! We came here twice during our stay in NOLA! The charcoal oysters were the best - all fresh  ingredients!! Will choose Mr. Ed's over Acme Oyster House all day everyday! You won't be disappointed!We were staying half mile down the street and felt like eating in our timeshare. We saw Mr. Eds from the trolly home so we called in a to go order for shrimp and grits and oyster po boy with dressing on the side. By the time we walked down to the restaurant, the bartender packaged our ready order with all the extras we requested - lemons, Tabasco.  Pleasant bar to hang out at while waiting. I saw a sign for $2 Dixie or Miller lite. I would have partaked had the order not been ready. I forgot I could have walked out with an open container. Oh well, I needed both hands to carry the food. Like I needed a drink after doing the FQF all day.Excellent service, food and customer service. One of the best gumbo in town by far....The smoked oysters are phenomenal! Best I've ever had. Service was great. We sat at the bar and Kevin the bartender was awesome!Stopped in here on our first night in New Orleans. This was a great start.
Had our first ever charbroiled oysters. We only ordered 1/2 dozen since it was our first time. We'll never make that mistake again! Garlic and parmesan and oyster liquor. How have I managed to not have this before?
Alligator jalepeno poppers made for a tasty appetizer. A little meaty, a little spicy, a little crunchy.
Smothered cabbage with a pork chop wasn't typical of what we found elsewhere during our trip, but it was quite fulfilling. The cabbage was perfectly cooked in a rich sauce. The pork chop was okay, and it was treated as an add-on, just like the name of the dish had promised.The food here was good! The service was abominable. For me, the awful service entirely overshadowed the quality food. The waitress asked if we wanted refills on our drinks and then took 20+ minutes to deliver them. We were charged for drinks that we did not order. We ordered coffee and dessert, but instead of delivering them the waitress simply dropped off our check. She did not clear any of our dishes, including our appetizers, until after delivering us our check. The only explanation we could come up with for service this bad was that perhaps our waitress was high; it was much worse than I'd expect from an inexperienced server.We found this place after searching for seafood, and I'm so glad we did! The complimentary valet parking was a breeze. We sat at the bar for happy hour to enjoy some drinks and dinner. The service was ten stars from Towner, Misty, and Debora. They made sure we had everything we needed and more! We left feeling like we had made new friends. We ordered the spinach dip, Mac and cheese with slow cooked beef on top, and the catfish and shrimp dinners. All of the food was delish!My family and I is visiting from out of town and wanted something sooooo good and someone recommended this place. I'm glad they did, food was so great and the service was also, friendly and down to earth.What a FANTASTIC, authentic and clean little Creole restaurant we luckily stumbled upon today for lunch! About 3PM.
The drinks there [both white wines & mixed] and dishes were both deliciously memorable! No regrets! 
For dinner I had the Creole Platter and my wife had the Smothered Red Fish Platter. Both were SO authentically delicious! The Parmasean Bread was incredible as well! 
But, the real stars of the show were the raw, fresh Gulf Oysters on the half shell & Charbroiled Parmasean Gulf Oysters! Folks, they were all unbelievable! The Charbroiled Oysters were served in a warm butter/olive oil sauce at the base of the plate with a half loaf of soft bread for dipping. Again, delicious!
Our only complaint was about our server. An African American gentleman in his mid forties? While he was attentive, polite and professional, he almost came off as pissed off and robotic the entire time. Seriously, he never ONCE smiled, even tho we were constantly smiling, laughing, joking and having a blast. 
In fact, he was such a culinary downer, we quietly joked he was much like that old SNL character, Debbie Downer. You know, that character where someone excitedly says, "OMG! We went to Disney World today! What an unforgettable experience we had!" Then, Debbie plainly responds, "Ya, I had an abortion." Then, you hear that sad ominous music, "Wat  w a t   w a t," sound. Seriously, that really did seem to steal from the overall total experience and our $120.00 meal for 2. [yes, they are slightly pricy] 
We'll definitely go back when back in town but, we'll definitely request any other server of we ever see him again.Never eat at a restaurant whose first name immediately imagines a horse (Mr. Ed). Secondly, never follow the recommendations of an uber driver who does not eat at the restaurant he recommended. 
The food was not good! I ordered the creamy Parmesan angel hair pasta with crawfish cakes and jumbo shrimp. I don't think I could've been more disappointed. The pasta was mushy and over cooked, drowning in a flavorless cream sauce. I don't eat shrimp so, my husband ate those ( he liked them). The crawfish cake was extremely over baked ( crust) with an over breaded and undercooked filling. It was simply nasty. Our waiter never returned to ask the standard question of " how is everything ". I suppose he knew the answer just from passing by and seeing my FULL plate shoved to the side. I felt it inappropriate to not be charged since my husband did eat the (6) shrimp ....but they certainly were not worth $22.00( the cost of my meal). 
As we requested the check, again, the waiter quickly gathered my FULL plate and replaced it with a check, and not asked how was the meal or if I was happy with it. As we exited the building, no one said " thank you for coming or hope to see you again " or anything close to that.... worse, they said nothing.  What an awful first impression NOLA made on us.... if you are indeed a true seafood restaurant, stay with what you know and not something that will generate revenue just because it's pasta. Our total bill was 70.00 ( basically for one meal, my husbands).
Hire friendlier staff who actually care about who patronizes your establishment because our money and other tourists like us are the ones who keep your businesses afloat. Just as good word of mouth can increase foot traffic, negative mouth can as well because the locals are obviously not eating there, only tourists.Mr. Ed's is a great choice for seafood and non seafood lovers alike. Our friends had: alligator bites, calamari, turtle soup, pasta Orleans and red beans and rice with fried catfish. My husband and I had red beans and rice with sausage and friccassee chicken. Everything was SO GOOD. Literally no complaints at all. ALL of that food plus two beers, a soda and a tea all for $100. Staff is so friendly, the restaurant is clean and they had the Sunday night football game on. Win-win-win in our book! Will be back sooner than laterGreat chargrilled oysters and the staff was very friendly!! Had cocktails and oysters twice last week and would go back again when back in town!I love this place!! It is a great addition to the neighborhood. I eat there at least once a month. The menu is huge and we haven't had anything we didn't like. The service is also great-Charles is our favorite but everyone has been great.I met my sister here one day after work. We sat at the bar because we originally planned to just get drinks and something small to snack on, but boy were we wrong. We ended up ordering so much food lol. But I don't regret it at all. It was a little slow so it was probably us and few other people in the restaurant. The bartender was really nice, we were talking about our lives and everything. She was a really sweet girl. Then our delicious food came. Disclaimer: the seafood platter is not a big as you think. I was a little disappointed about that.Delicious charbroiled oysters. The staff was very lovely and delightful. The bartenders were very attentive and never let a drink finish before asking if I'd like another. I will definitely be returning to try those raw oysters.Had the gumbolaya, jambalaya and red beans and rice. Everything was very yummy but, I liked the red beans and rice best.I definitely need to try the other dishes they have but just off the oysters I'm diggin Mr. Ed's. I like how they allow you to mix your own cocktail sauce. The Street Car is real good cocktail if you love Grand Marnier. Check out the size of these bad boys.Me Ed's has terrific quality control the menu doesn't disappoint. There's a wide range of options  and their oysters and fried food are great. My only complaint is the coffee. It's awful simply awful.Loved the sweet little place.  
We sat outside on the sidewalk and enjoyed the breeze and people watching. 
Our server was super friendly and had personality plus!! 
The hubs had crab cakes and I had oysters on the half shell for apps.  
Both were fabulous.  
Crab cakes were crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside with just the right amount of spice. 
Oysters were good and cold. 
We shared the taste of New Orleans platter.  
It was great.First time here and WOW! We ordered the Charbroiled Oysters..... Out of this world!! Also had the Jambalaya which was great!
The service was top notch, our waiter Patrick was outstanding. Very attentive and great personality. This is a must do when in NOLA. We will definitely be coming backI grew up knowing I was allergic to shellfish and it was so severe I never bother to try any seafood except fish growing up I learn that I could eat mollusks. I wanted to try Oysters so bad and Im glad I waited to try them here for the first time. I can't even describe how perfect they were the taste, the after taste, the presentation EVERYTHING was amazing.Excellent food and good service.  Their charbroiled oysters are wonderful and the crawfish bread was excellent.  We've been back reduce already on our seven day vacation.My first meal in New Orleans, 1 block away from my B&B in the Garden District.  Went there 3 times during my week-long stay because they treated me like family.  Misty the bartender and Vic the Man Behind The Oysters became my friends and did a fabulous job with service.  I recommend both the charbroiled oysters (with butter, garlic, parm cheese) and the raw oysters on the half-shell (so meaty, succulent and fresh from The Gulf).  I also tried the Gumbo and absolutely loved the Jumbalaya.  Make sure you stop in for at least a Dixie Beer or 3, plus a spicy Vodka oyster shooter!Looking for a place within walking distance to our AirBNB and came across this place. I was a little skeptical when I found out that they had more than one location. Wasn't sure how genuine it would be. It was excellent. 
Our waiter was Patrick. He made excellent recommendations for our family including 3 teenage kids. 
Started off with the alligator bites, spinach dip, and the crawfish fish bread. All good choices, but could not beat the charbroiled oysters. Best I've had. Great seasoning. 
Main course included étouffée. Very pleased. Local IPA brew was also worth ordering. One of the kids had a reddish dish that was not as excellent as the other choices. Another one of the kids had a pasta dish with shrimp and crab cakes which was very good and the crab cakes were done right.The food was good, but the service was somewhat disappointing. We arrived for dinner and waited for about an hour for a table, which was fine. The first issue came when the kitchen ran out of multiple things on the menu and did not inform one of the members of our party until after everyone else received their food. Our server also took forever to get us our drinks, and then when we were done with our meal it took over 30 minutes to get our check. I would go here again for the food, but I hope that the service improves next time.The charbroiled oysters stole my heart. Great seafood and cocktails! 
We had a large group and the waiters were good considering. They were on top of everything for the most part with the exception of one person not receiving their order and one not getting their drink.  
I would return during a more lowkey time of the year so it wouldn't be so crazy in the restaurant. But, overall nice place close to the heart of downtown for cajun and seafood.The atmosphere was pleasant. The live music was great and the way they made the audience a part of the performance was enjoyable. The charbroiled oysters are some of the best I have had.Awesome charmed oysters, I had the seafood pasta . Everything we ordered was really good with a great price.Service slow. Bathroom the floor is so wet it's like ice. Fried chicken bland. Not recommended. Charged me for a soda water. Took too long. Glad i can leave this place in 2018.Let's start by saying that their "Mardi Gras" menu wouldn't have been bad to offer until they stated that they didn't have half of the items on the list to offer. 3 of us ordered drinks before finding out they didn't have half the items on the menu and when we stated that we weren't interested they gave us a check charging gratified when 2 other people didn't eat or drink. Would have been so much better to state what you didn't have before we sat down, and tried to order.This place was recommended by a local I met at SoBou named David. Great service, excellent piping hot Fried Chicken and charbroiled oysters. My server bartender was Kevin and it was totally worth my time to visit this place. I'll be back soon! Thank you.Checked this place out on a suggestion from a local and it did not disappoint.   Bartender was knowledgeable on local beer and gave suggestions/samples.   They didn't have the beer "purple haze" but he was nice enough to step next door and grabbed us a glass to try.   Food was spot on.   We had the sampler platter.   My first try of Jambalaya and it was amazing!!!!!I'm back for a second time in less than 24 hours!!!! Yep, it's that GOOD. Wonderful selection on the menu and the dishes are SUPERB!!! This was my first oyster eating experience and will NOT be my last. Thanks for helping me cross something off my bucket list. This experience was memorable to say the least. I may just need to squeeze in one more worth while experience before heading back to my regular hustle and bustle of everyday.Food is good but I had to swallow it because it took soooo long to get it. My waiter Jeff left me stranded as I other tables were served and until I complain about it.Delicious! No wait on a Saturday night. Had stuffed bell peppers, gumbo, salad and mac and cheese - so good! Will be back.I had only previously been to Mr. Eds in Metairie for po-boys and was a bit thrown at first when we walked in and found it a bit fancier than expected and therefore a bit higher priced than anticipated, but glancing at the menu, pricing seemed not too bad so we stayed and were seated it a table at the window. It wasn't crowded at all and I thought that was a bit off for a Thursday night on the Avenue right before a long holiday weekend. 
Yes, it's a bit touristy but the back entrance is connected to a hotel, so I overlook that.  The service  was a bit slow considering the light crowd, but the entree I ordered made it worthwhile.  I had one of the specials: mirliton stuffed with shrimp, sausage and dressing and the side dish was sweet, sweet yams with some kind of glaze.  It was delicious and I devoured every bite!  My boyfriend got the fried chicken.  It was half a chicken and I'm assuming it was pretty good because I liked the bite he shared with me and he picked those bones clean!  Bottom line, I'd go back!4 dozen charbroiled and Southwest oysters, plus 6 actual entrees, this place is going down in the books as a MUST GO-TO. I'm not a big oyster fan, but OMG I could eat those charbroiled oysters all day. 
Wife had the pasta jambalaya which was loaded with flavor. I wish I was more hungry because I could've easily finished her dish and mine. Speaking of mine, I had the shrimp creole. I was torn between that and the crawfish salad. After talking it over with the server, she recommended the shrimp. I'm glad she did. Again, LOADS of flavor. The rice was cooked perfectly as well. I'm not a fan of green bell peppers, which seemed to be a staple on my plate. Other than that, the dish was amazing. Sister in law had the shrimp and grits. My only regret was that I didn't order that instead. I wanted to steal her plate. We're all lucky that she was willing to share a bite with the table. 
Service was great. Never an empty glass. Friendly and helpful.Party of 6 lured in by a sign advertising happy hour. The waiter met us at the door and went through some rules for dining, including not being able to split checks? He did fail to mention that the HH we came in for was only offered at the bar, necessitating a move. We were then greeted by a bartender who acted put out that we came to the bar. Oysters were served promptly as were the other dishes and drinks. Nothing special.My experience at Mr. Ed's was nothing short of exceptional. Rakhal was my server and she made the night so special and wonderful. As a server and bartender, I can easily say she is the best!!!! Thank you so much for the wonderful experience.The food was average, but the service was HORRIBLE.   We waited at least 10 minutes for anyone to even acknowledge that we were at the table. Finally the manager came by and asked if we'd seen our waiter yet.  We said no and he "went to find him'.  He then disappeared also.  Finally our waiter showed up with water.   We ordered drinks and appetizers and told him we were going to the theatre, so we needed to keep things moving.  He said ok and left.   We waited about 10 minutes to get our drinks.  We asked to go ahead and order dinner.   Bottom line:   We were there an hour and a half and had to rush to finish our food. In addition he brought us the wrong check and the brought us the right check, but with a charge for liquor we did not order.   To add insult to injury the added an automatic 15% gratuity on the check!!!!Ate there yesterday,,, the grilled oysters were alright,  but they had a bit of lighter fluid taste. The fried shrimp were alright.Eh! I had high hopes. The charbroiled oysters appetizers were spectacular!  Then my meal went downhill.  I ordered off the Specials menu- a poor choice on my part.  My dinner came out over cooked, had to send it back. The re- order was better but just OK. My dinner companions ordered off the Main menu and really enjoyed their meals. It seemed like the kitchen was slow as so many tables were waiting for food. I don't plan on ever returning. Too many great choices out there.My fav new NOLA spot for seafood...I'm impressed! Doesn't look like upscale dining from the street but come in and try the food. Yeah baaaaaby! Can't go wrong with the shrimp n grits. It's an authentic rue with a thicker consistency and the taste with the stone grits is ridiculous. But if that isn't your cup of tea order the blackened Catfish dish! It comes with 2 pieces of catfish, a veggie medley which includes potatoes for $14! The seasoning is on the money and the flakiness of the fish told me it was cooked perfectly. Amazing dishes, portions, and prices!This has the feel of fine dining without totally breaking the bank. It's still not cheap, but is excellent food at what I feel is a very reasonable and fair price. Our server was excellent and the rest of the staff was extremely helpful as well. The bartender was kind and explained to me how the street cars work and I overheard a server at the next table patiently explain to a couple from Sweden the difference between fried and grilled shrimp. The pasta I had was AMAZING - a creamy and smooth garlic Alfredo sauce with Andouille, shrimp, and crawfish tails. I'll be thinking about long after I leave NOLA.Friendly staff...I think Mr. Ed sat us himself LOL. We came for the oysters and crawfish bread. There was an abundance of crawfish on the bread but it was a bit salty. I could only take a couple of bites. The oysters were good but the charboiled ones were also salty. I guess it's the seasoning and cheese. That's where they lost the 1 star.Great homely ambiance and the food spot in NOLA, definitely will be back when I get back to the boot.Food was ok , had higher expectations but was led down. Server got our order wrong more than Two times. We were told there would only be one bill and that we could split bill. At the end $400 bill party of eight, we couldn't split bill. One of us had to pay bill. So disappointed, oysters were good though. Would no come back.I love this spot.  Have eaten at the one in the French Quarter.  Food was great.  Hate that it was Mardi Gras cause it was a limited menu.  Red Beans and Sausage was fire!First day I visited, the bartender was awesome , wish I could remember his name.  2nd visit a total opposite, worse experience ever, especially when Towner showed his true self. Wish I could say be a man and say what you feel, but continue rolling your eyes the way you do......
Was told with 4 at the table we could get individual checks, but when Patrick came back, did everything short of calling me a liar when WE reminded him he had said that.  This is when queen Towbercame over hissing and rolling his eyes, again, lucky I don't dignify ignorance, but you killed and recommendation I'd ever give to anyone visiting N.O.  People are rude in general, but as a public servant, check yourself attitude wise, and explain policy before saying then lying...Great atmosphere!  Clean, cozy and quaint.  Loved the service.  Don't miss out on their happy hour.FANTASTIC! I am from saint Louis and travel to new Orleans whenever I get the chance to. I've stayed at the Maison Saint Charles a few different times and never ran into this place! Our bartenders name was Kevin and he was probably one of the best I've ever been served by. Being a bartender myself it takes a lot. He was beyond friendly, and gave us a wonderful menu suggestion, crawfish beignets! Don't go here without trying them!! He let us sample some local beers so we could find what we were looking for, and had lots of information on the local breweries. Its always refreshing to walk into a new place in a foreign city and be taken care of the way we took care of us. Greatly appreciated. We will be returning in the future. *-cheers-* :)If you're in the area and looking for oysters, this is the place to go. Great oysters for a great price, and excellent service. The atmosphere is quaint comfortable, with an incredibly nice staff. Misty was a wonderful server and bartender.Broke my rule of never eating at same place twice while on vacation Very affordable yummy food and great service. Our server Henne was great....and cuter than heckLast meal before flights back to NC & Chicago. My bestie wanted to try alligator and we were staying in the attached hotel so it was very convenient. I ordered the crawfish beignets that we shared and a side dish of jambalaya and my friend ordered the alligator jalapeño bites. We were both very disappointed. We had crab beignets from another place the day we arrived and it blew our minds so we thought our luck would hold out...nope. It was more like two giant jalapeño poppers with 2 crawfish in it and a bunch of spicy cheese (there was an older gentleman sitting behind us who also complained about his meal containing only 2 crawfish also and mostly bread. And he had ordered something totally different).The dough was not anything like good beignets. And the final sad point was the sweet and sour sauce drenching it, which removed any New Orleans out of it. The jambalaya tasted like anything you can prepare from a box and the alligator bites were just ok. We didn't finish any of it and refused a carry out. We really regret topping off the trip here.The food was amazing!  The oysters were fresh and delicious. Try the charbroiled oysters. Russell was friendly and very attentive. Greg was a super host. We will come back soon.Great food.  Our waitress was very friendly and helpful as my partner and I were traveling to NOLA for the first time. The oysters were fresh and jumbo! The alligator balls were delicious... the gumbo was tasty, turtle soup reminded me of beef stew. The only reason I gave this place 4 stars is the price - $65 for lunch for two people, we only ordered appetizers instead of entrees to try a little bit of everything that interested us.We are in New Orleans for a week, and have eaten here twice!! Really enjoyed the first dinner : friend chicken - (moist cooked to perfection), fish and shrimp. The side of vegetables were soooo good. 2nd dinner my husband got the Alfredo seafood pasta with crawfish cakes. He really enjoyed it. I had blackened redfish with the vegetables, again. That was our favorite meal we've had this whole trip.
Highly recommend Mr Ed's.One of my favorite places to sit at the bar and grab lunch or dinner and have a drink. Great food and friendly service. Seafood is great, but also love the pork chops (grilled, but fried is also an option). Good view of St. Charles Ave from the bar.Once again we went to Mr. Ed's. Delicious oysters, sweet tea, seafood nachos and a house salad.The staff here was INCREDIBLE when my husband had a medical emergency today at lunch. They were great - calling 911 immediately, notifying me he had a situation in the men's restroom and taking me to him. They quickly boxed our food and sent is to the hospital. They wouldn't let me clean the men's room and insisted I take care of him first. I am incredibly impressed. I will omit the graphic details but say that they didn't flinch at the sight of blood. We went to the ER and were later sent to another ER. Husband is much better. Tomorrow I will go back and give my financial thank you to those to were so nice to help us. The bad news is we didn't get to eat our scrumptious lunch! See you next time. We are local and went there because I was craving their chicken fricassee. Can't wait to go back.Everything we had was AMAZING!! The flavorful gumbo, The well seasoned jambalaya, the crispy catfish/fried shrimp, scrumptious bread pudding, everything!! We also ordered some amazing calamari and some GLORIOUS charbroiled oysters topped with crab meat. I'm still drooling over the catfish and the oysters, they were my favorite(by a slim margin, everything was JUST SO GOOD!)They have a nice beer selection, I really enjoyed the screaming eagle lager. Most importantly, our server Charles was very informative and catered to our every need! Go Charles! Would definitely go back! They were also playing 80s pop while we ate, which was the cherry on top!!!Check out Mr. Ed's for the best oysters in town. 
Enjoy a cocktail or 2. Enjoy all the latest and up to date music. Check out happy hour. Have fun!!!! Our server name was Charles he was very nice and helpful on deciding what to order.
Thanks Mr. CharlesBomb!  Our server was amazing too!  How can you go wrong with oysters in NOLA!  Atmosphere is fun and food was amazing... the.  Bread.  Pudding.  Though.  OOOOMMMMMGGGGGG!   Must have!  Can't even explain how amazing everything was!5 Stars because the value is great. Food is tasty. It's not 5 star but perfectly fine seafood better than I expected for the $$. Happy hour $3 good beers and 0.75 oysters. There is also a chef's special that I'm told always rocks. Very entertaining atmosphere and conversations at the bar.Misty at Mr Ed's is a GREAT reason to visit.  Yes, the food is great.  The oysters are better than Acme Oyster House.  The gumbo is delish.  But Misty's personality outshines all of that.
So if I were you, I would get an uber, get on a streetcar and go visit Misty at the bar, where she will make you something special and do it with a REAL smile.Just happen to stop in this place off of Lafayette Square. The bread pudding with andouille,  jalapeño and cane sugar syrup caught my eye and after I ordered it ..... it tickled my stomach in the best way. And before that I had gulf shrimp remoulade on three petite slices of fried green tomatoes. Scrumptious..... Nice job guys. That's what I call good cookingThis is a decent place. The gumbo was delicious. The pricing is fair. We ate off of the chef's selection menu: lima beans & shrimp, and squash with a shrimp & crab meat stuffing. These were not disappointing, but they missed the wow factor. I would return if I was staying near by.This is a nice little small seafood spot on St. Charles Ave. Quaint, Small but packs a serious punch with the menu. The starters/appetizers are some of the best in the area. My wife ordered the crawfish beignets and yours truly had the the chargrilled oysters with jalapeños, delicious. For the main course the soft-shell crab and pasta was her choice but I opted for the redfish with crawfish topping. Now I'm a foodie and I've taste food in New Orleans for a long time, since 1978. 
The appetizers were some of the best and the soft shell crab was on point., but may be it's just me or my palette that didn't agree with the redfish dish. The fish was a little over cooked and hard and the veggies was the same. To my disappointment of not giving them a 5 star rating, I think they need to figure out what to do with the redfish.Food was decent, nothing to rave about. Service was ok, had my glass of water shattered all in my lap (but got a free desert from it lol). I doubt I'd go there again, but it was part of our trip experience :)Absolutely fantastic!  I always read at least two
Pages of reviews, and despite what others said, we still came here. We were not disappointed at all! The food was incredibly tasty and service was on point. We ordered the char grilled oyster--- a freakin must here! Melt in your mouth deliciousness! I also had the New Orleans trio--another delicious meal. My husband had the Louisiana grilled shrimp and that also was really good. I will definitely recommend this place to fellow travelers.There are hundreds of great places to eat in New Orleans. Many have excellent food. Mr Ed's food is good. Mr Ed's people are great. Go for happy hour and visit with the guy shucking oysters. You'll learn something. Maybe two somethings; one about oysters and one about life. Eat the freshly shucked hand picked oysters that this gentlemen has prepared for you. Thank him personally. Top him. And continue your day a little richer for the experience 
   Oh, it's also a great place to hang and and connect with your friends or anyone local. Even if you're new to the area.Finally!  A good seafood place opened up in the area. 
I've had the chargrilled oysters twice and they're very good - size and flavor.  This place has potential. Nice bar and friendly staff.  Good vibe. Next time I'm going to try the shrimp & grits.We arrived here around noon on a Monday, asked to sit at the bar (no bartender around yet), and they obliged. Ordered a couple beers and perused the menu. On the bartender (that finally showed up) recommendation we ordered the chargrilled oysters and they were fantastic. Honestly we didn't even want to use crystal hot sauce or lemon or anything on them...they were SO GOOD. Come here and eat these, you won't be disappointed. The reason for three stars is that the service was mediocre. We heard a male server whining as people came in for lunch "why are people coming in on a Monday!" Okay. You're a server. Shouldn't you want customers? For heaven's sake. Several of the staff were just lackadaisical (for lack of a better word). It was just odd and not very welcoming. The one bartender with a beard/goatee was awesome and the only person who was really friendly. I'd go back for those oysters though.It's good but a little pricier than some other places 
Staff is great and attentive 
Didn't have to ask for one thing waiter took care of us 
Shrimp po boys are good 
But the baked oysters are not good 
Just ok 
No flavor 
Not much cheese or garlic 
And small for the money 
Go down street to blind pelican if u want oysters 
The best bar none 
But expect to spend $100 for 4 peopleLast night we went to Mr. Ed's on St. Charles, the food was great. I had the a Redfish Maison and it was perfectly seasoned. My friend had the dozen oysters half Bienville half Rockefeller. He said they were better than Drago's. I don't eat oysters so...anyway give them a try you won't be disappointed.This was @ least my yummiest meal while visiting my family in NOLA! Though they were trying to close shortly ..they still took our large group! It was my oldest daughters BDAY & THE BREAD PUDDING WAS OMG!!! ON POINT!!( AKA. DELISH) THANK TO ERIC for putting up.with our LARGE GROUP! MR. PAPARAZZI A.K.A. ERIC, THANK YOU!! Ashleigh & her kids!!The food and service is very good. I had the Gator poppers and Seafood gumbo and shared a Seafood nachos. Yes way too much food but it was the experience we were after. I agree with other reviews the restaurant can be formal or very casual. We were very very casual and the server was  excellent.Came in for happy hour and take a break from the trolley.  We were created by Erin. What a lovely smile and super personality. We made us feel welcomed right away. 
We ordered the fresh happy hour oysters and crawfish spinach dip. Ouster's were a good size and the price could not be beat. The dip was fantastic. Plenty of crawfish and cheese? Served warm with tortilla chips. We also indulged in their bread pudding with warm praline sauce and lots of pecans. If you don't try anything else? Stop by for the pudding. 
I'm also including a picture of their charbroiled oysters. I watch as they were being made. So generous with the Parmesan cheese and their own homemade garlic butter. I'll want to try them next time.Came here last night party of 4 adults n 3 kids, two were 1 years old. The bread was stale dry and hard! I can't even feed that to my dog if I tried. Bread is cheap why do you serve old stale bread I toasted?! I mentioned it to the server he just brushed it off like it's nothing. Our crawfish bread we had to scrape off the topping to eat it. When the bill came there was an automatic gratuity of 20% added on. Seriously!!! I would never come back here again. This is the third location of MR ED that I've been to and this was lacks it all! How do you add auto gratuity to babies?We had a fantastic night out at Mr. Ed's. The food was amazing. We had the crab cake appetizer and shrimp/catfish platter. This was truly some of the best seafood I've ever had. The drinks were delicious--definitely get the Hurricane! The service was excellent. When our server found out it was a birthday dinner, she surprised us with a dessert on the house!  This was overall well worth the money and something to try if you visit NOLA.I had stuffed peppers, it was great! Atmosphere was nice and the waiter was punctual. I'd definitely go here again.So i have been searching high and low for some red beans and rice...was a little hesitant because this establishment is known for Oysters. But i went ahead and ordered the red beans and rice with fried catfish. The red beans came out and I instantly fell in love with the presentation. When i picked up my spoon to try it i realized i'd better get a picture before it disappeared. Halfway through my plate not even 10 minutes later the waitress brings me another plate and apologized because the kitchen sent out the side dish and not the appetizer. Even though the side was just enough, I happily welcomed my entree to take to go. Thank you for the New Orleans style red beans and rice it definitely exceeded my expectations! I am definitely a true fan of it. But on the other hand the catfish was plain. No seasoning or nothing. Tasted just like fish with tempura batter on it. I could have passed on the catfish. But definitely would come back for the red beans and the jambalaya (that i tried from a friends plate...it was flavorful as well)Delicious! The service was great. The bartender came over and personally asked us our wine preference because he was making the sangria to our taste. The sangria was so smooth, definitely recommend! It was also recommended by my Lyft driver. The ettoufee was one of my favorites I've had in New Orleans so far. The seafood platter was good, but the fried chicken was delicious! So crispy! The crawfish beignets were amazing. This place definitely deserves 5 stars.Thank you Towner for literally catering to our particular taste with the Charbroiled Oysters!! The atmosphere was quiet and enjoyable, but the food was AMAZING! and so was the service!Good stuff here.
Great service, solid drinks, and really tasty food.
Easy valet parking from the hotel next door, too.I'm back for a second time in less than 24 hours!!!! Yep, it's that GOOD. Wonderful selection on the menu and the dishes are SUPERB!!! This was my first oyster eating experience and will NOT be my last. Thanks for helping me cross something off my bucket list. This experience was memorable to say the least. I may just need to squeeze in one most last experience before heading back to my regular hustle and bustle of everyday life.My sister and I stopped by for some Po-Boys.  After sitting down and ordering sweet tea we were told they were out of French bread:(.  So, we ordered red beans and 1/2 and 1/2 fried catfish and shrimp platter.  The red beans were sooo delicious.  You could taste the hambone and the beans are creamy, cooked perfectly.  The catfish was cooked too hard and you could taste that awful silver backing of the catfish (it needed to be cleaned off).   Other than than the over cooked, under cleaned catfish...the rest was good.  We also had a cup of the seafood gumbo which was good.
Because there was no Po-Boy bread and the fish was over cooked I had to give it 3 stars.This has to be the worst fried chicken I ever had. I ordered it to go back to my hotel (right down the street on St. Charles). It was over cooked. Not burnt, but that phase a chicken go through just before being burnt. This place used to be good, but something happened as the service and quality has gone way down. I doubt I will go back and if I ever have a craving for decent fried chicken, I will just take the long drive across the river.The best drinks, raw oysters and insane onion rings. Amazing oysters so delicious. Nothing better than watching your gal eat raw oysters..:). A fun place with good people and music. We learned so much cool history of this crazy town New Orleans just hanging at the bar. Misty and Kevin (bartenders extraordinaire) were enlightening. Thank you. Thanks for reading. Avram DoumiafeyvaJust touched down in the Big Easy and our bed and breakfast suggested this spot. It was good and easy to find. I started with creole gumbo and my mama had fried calamari. My gumbo was really good but not as spicy as I wanted it. We shared the seafood platter and that was a great choice it came with fried shrimp , oysters and fish and plenty to go around. I wasn't a fan of the oysters but the shrimp and fish were A1. Will definitely recommend this placeMy husband and I had lunch here yesterday. The food was as always very good. We had the Crawfish Rockefeller Oysters and the seafood platter with a salad. Romy was our waitress, she was awesome! See you soon. Thanks Charles and TeeCharbroiled oysters were delicious. So were the raw oysters, they tasted ver fresh. We had the sides of red beans and rice with the andouille sausage. The stuffed mirltons (squash) came out cold but the waitress took it to be heated and was very good. Reasonable pricesThe happy hour from 3-6 Monday -Friday is awesome. They have raw oysters that are creamy, briney, and delicious. Their po-boys are delish and very generous portion sizing. The staff at the bar are super friendly, funny and the correct level of attentive.Great place! Oysters were very fresh and drinks were really good. Check out the happy hour specials.Best food I've had on this trip to New Orleans (which is high praise - ate at Emeril's last night). If you like spicy food get Southwest Oysters (think Oysters Rockefeller with Jalapeños) and Creole Redfish (perfectly blackened Redfish with Jambalaya and BBQ Shrimp. Russell was a great server.  Highly recommend this place!Great food but our server made it awesome. Thank you Henny for the great service and congratulations on your engagement. Oh and the praline bread pudding is AWESOME!!A group of four of us went to Mr. Ed's following the Saints/Eagles playoff game. The city was teeming with football fans, so we assumed that the restaurant might be busy. The place had empty tables everywhere, but we were told there would be a 30-minute wait. We commented on the empty tables, but the hostess said that seating was not the problem. They were short handed in the wait staff and the kitchen. We asked if we could order drinks and sit at a table. We were told that the manager did not like that but she would check. It turns out that the manager would prefer to lose business rather than let us occupy a table and spend money. As a businessman I will tell you that that would be a firing offense at my business. We went down the street to a restaurant that appreciates customers.The moment we stepped in we were greeted by the host and was seated. Waiter came straight over and took our drink order. When he came back we ordered appetizers and our entrees. Few minutes later we had our appetizers and before we had our second bite the entrees showed up. Timing on the waiter and Chef was terrible. Now we had to decide which one we would let get cold. Decision wasn't that hard since the appetizer was not cooked very well and was cold in places. Must have been microwaved. The Crawfish crab cakes we're good but the Crawfish bread was not edible. Now the entrees we're good , I had the seafood platter which consisted of oysters,shrimp and Catfish. Yeah I know catfish is not seafood but this is LA. Close enough to gulf coast to call it seafood. Anyway it was good and fresh and I have no complaints about the Seafood.We ate here three nights in a row on our last trip to NOLA and could not get enough of it. The spicy Bloody Mary is on point and the oysters are to die for! We lived the bartending staff and the chargrilled oyster chef. We will definitely be back very soon.Went to this restaurant after visiting the Blind Pelican and finding their kitchen closed for construction.  Enjoyed the Mother's Day special, Eggplant Pasta Napoleon.  Others had charbroiled oysters, shrimp and grits and raw oysters.  Everything was superb.  Good sized servings, friendly and efficient service and fair prices.Had great meal. Seafood platter was huge and yummy. Service was good. Our waitress, Henny, was friendly, courteous and really nice. Yes I recommend this place for sure.Hmmmm okay... aight so boom... this is my first time in NOLA and I'm working at the NOJO for a few days which is near. I was recommended this place for lunch and was told the gumbo was really good. All I hear about NOLA is the food ! I've been looking forward to eating all the food my body can handle. 
I ordered a fried food combination of shrimp & oysters and a cup of gumbo. I was underwhelmed. I expected a bit more seasoning on the fried food. It was legit like 4 shrimp and 4 oysters. 
The gumbo was okay.. my Uncle Mark's is better (no shade).
I also had the charbroiled oysters. They were good. 
Pero, I've now just lowered my expectations all together of where I'm eating at.The food was fantastic I had the chicken gumbo it was well flavored but not spicy; the fried green tomato stack was delicious the shrimp were masterfully prepared and flavorful, the praline bread pudding was delicious and to top it off my server Cindy N was extremely helpful, prompt attentive and pleasant.Was in the mood for some good Jumbalaya so gave Mr.Eds a try
I ordered the fried chicken & a side of gumbo
It was horrible 
Jumbalaya was mushy and rice so overcooked it expanded and was mushy and so nasty 
Chicken was overcooked and flavorless
It was so nasty and I regretted even paying for that meal
I'm not being mean just honest
Maybe it was just the back cooks who don't know how to cook? but it was terrible!Arrived in NOLA and we wanted oysters right away!! So we searched what was around our airbnb and this place popped up! Great service, quick and efficient. We shared the charbroiled oysters, first time trying these and they were amazing! We also shared the taste of New Orleans, jambalaya, crawfish etouffe, red beans with sausage and satisfied 2 of us perfectly. Food was tasty. Great place to go to!Amazing!!!!!!!!! Charbroiled oysters like nothing I have ever tasted in my life!!!  THE BEST!!! Friendly staff! Great food!  Must have!!   Thanks guys! Keep it at!!This place is phenomenal! The crawfish étouffée, and oysters will blow your mind. We are from Florida and we know our seafood and this place and service is on point.Where do I start? This place is the best in town. Great waitress and amazing food. We didn't have to wait and the service is the best in town!I went to Mr. Ed's on the recommendation of my hotel and was really excited when I walked up and saw several families having dinner and a really nice looking restaurant. I ordered the half shrimp and half oysters with fries. The menu said dinners came with salad. I received no salad and my oysters tasted dirty, like they had not been rinsed properly. The shrimp were nice sized and well cooked, but they were strangely shrimpy in flavor as if they were not fresh. I ordered a mixed drink that really tasted like sugar and not three types of rum add promised. 
The waitress was nice and attentive, but the food was subpar at best. I cannot recommend this place at all.Big portions, reasonable prices. The charbroiled oysters were bomb!! And that jambalaya was perfect. Only drawback is they have a limited menu during Mardi Gras season. You've been warned!Best food I have had anywhere. Service was outstanding and waitress was hands down just plain fabulous. I am sorry I don't remember her name. I am thinking Jenny, but not 100. We ate at a few other highly recommended places during the remainder of our stay, but left dissatisfied each time. None stood up to the quality and flavor of Ed's.The best Charbroiled oysters and Chicken Gumbo I've ever tasted. I'm back for the second time in two days. Extremely flavorful and tastyI got here a bit before they were opened and they let us in which was nice. I had a dozen Charbroiled Oysters with an amazing garlic butter & parmesan. The fried shrimp and oysters were also delicious but I think lacked an audible and physical crunch. The staff were very nice and patient with me when ordering as well as answering my questions.Great experience and the food was delicious. The catfish lunch special was flavorful and flaky! We were waited on quickly and the only disappointment was the lack of some preferences in drink optionsAlexis took great care of us! We tried fried green tomatoes stack, jambalaya, seafood gumbo (OMG so good!), red beans and rice, crawfish étouffe, raw oysters on the half shell (huge!!)... all of it tasty and well-prepared. I ordered the gulf shrimp dinner, grilled, and Alexis stopped mid-stride as she was walking away with our order to return to the table and suggest that I get the shrimp fried "for the real NOLA experience". I'm so glad she did! The shrimp was crispy and not oily in the least, and the seasoning was fantastic! Fair warning: with the oysters you get a cup of horse radish and a cup of ketchup so you can fashion your own cocktail sauce. The horse radish is POTENT!!!! Use carefully.Too slow.  Sat for at least 10 minutes waiting for drink orders, if not longer...and still didn't get to order drinks.  Saw 2 staff assisting one table of 2 people;  it wasn't busy during the time we were there.  Food might have been good, but we didn't stick around to find out.  Didn't appear to be understaffed, just absent minded.My husband, daughter,and I  had lunch here yesterday. The oysters and the red beans and rice were delicious. The reason I removed a star is because we requested to eat at one of the outdoor tables and they wouldn't allow us to move a chair over to make a 2 top a 3 top. We agreed to eat indoors because it's a big restaurant and there was room to stagger tables. However, that's not what this restaurant is doing. When 2 table loads of people came in, they were seated on either side of us. When I told the server I was uncomfortable with this, she turned on her heel to get the manager. While we were still not allowed to take our food outdoors, she did move us to a secluded table in their 2nd room which was empty.
In all fairness, I do see on their website that it's indoor dining, but they do have curbside service. If you are concerned about COVID guidelines, I would advise getting the curbside service. Order the oysters!Great atmosphere and good staff. Lionel, our waiter, was wonderful. Came when they were kind of slammed due to several large parties but overall it was a good experience. Service was a little slow all around due to being short staffed, but will definitely visit again.FOOD
Perfect!  We got the seafood platter (for 2) delicious. The jambalaya was delicious and the fried oysters. 
OUR WAITER
TJ we love you! 
BARTENDER
Great!
THE MEAN OLD TALL MAN WHO LOOKS LIKE HE MAY BE THE OWNER
Really rude and made us feel like we were invading his space. We asked if we could be seated at a table to watch the basketball game (game 3 it's important) and he flat out said no and gave us the evil eye all night. Didn't even say goodbye or have a nice night like everyone else in the restaurant. Learn some customer service guy. (Yes I came here to complain, no I don't usually do this)Food was delicious....should've been my first stop!!! Next time I come back home....this will be my first stop! The good was fresh and hot....the waitress was very polite and knowledgeable about the menu.Came here for the chargrilled oysters! We called in advance to make sure the restaurant was compliant with the social distancing seating. When we got to the restaurant the hostess seated us away from other groups. Our waitress was great! Advised us on appetizers, was very attentive, etc. A couple came in about 25 minutes in and was seated directly next two us. My party took it upon ourselves to move our table several inches to give us space. When the manager passed by we asked whether the restaurant is compliant w/ the government regulations on social distancing the managers response was dismissive w/ a very defensive undertone telling me that "I don't need to worry about the governors regulations, and saying the restaurant table was pre positioned in a social distancing arrangement" we then told him WE moved the table, he of course stumbled and attempted to redirect with a "what can I do now...move you/them" Then as another party came in he made sure to move their table to be in compliance. Great job. Try being consistent instead of giving guests a sassy attitude. The waitress was a doll! The food was good. Let's follow covid regulations :)Haven't been in a few months since Covid, this spot was originally my husband's favorite spot to go, I would just tag along because he loved it so much. But we finally decided to sit at the bar for the first time! And. Oh did we have fun and enjoy ourselves. I was never the oyster type, they were always nasty to me, but I had the southwest oysters made by Derrick totally changed my mind! I can't wait to go back and order my own platter.Another solid Mr. Ed's. Y'know this local chain isn't fancy but is really solid, especially for fried foods. Like every location, the food was good and plentiful. The staff was great. The menu is the same as the other locations with the daily specials. I feel like the bar might be a little better. My old fashioned was perfect. And since fried shrimp has been my go to since I was a tyke... they do it right. 
The location on St Charles is lovely and if you get a front window like we did you can watch the streetcar pass by. The bathroom is a bit of a wander so prepare for that.Growing up on the Puget Sound we tossed our oysters in a beach bonfire and dragged them out with sticks when they opened. That did not prepare me for these Delicious Charbroiled Beauties! I had to beat my son back with a stick just to get a couple. 
Get in here! Get a dozen charbroiled.  Keep the platter on Your side of the table.After i went for the first time i go very often at this point. Lol the quality of oysters at the st Charles location specifically you will not find at the other mr Ed's locations just a heads up. The drinks are always good here,  service is always bomb, & the oysters are always on point, I REPEAT ALWAYS! I also enjoy never receiving just a dozen..there will always be an extra oyster or 2 somewhere on that plate & i always feel so lucky and happy lolFood was amazing! The charbroiled oysters was so very tasteful. Definitely going back again.Customer service lacking....Generic Interior...Should have known this was going to be an unaccommodating tourist trap disappointment! It was Friday around 5:30p . First home pre-season game and just wanted raw oysters so called ahead to see if they had a happy hour special on oysters and confirmed they did. Really nice waiter sat  us but that was when it went downhill. Nice waiter already had tables so we got another guy . I Ordered 2 dozen oysters for my son and I .... To get that knocked out before the 6pm happy hour deal ended. Well I was informed it was for the bar only and we couldn't sit there because my son was underage. Being that the restaurant was virtually empty... I asked if they could make an exception and serve us at the table and said we were going to order non happy hour items as well.  Our very slow moving waiter with no sense of urgency goes to check with management and "disappears".  I gave it almost 10 minutes and we got up and tried to locate the waiter and bailed. Instead went nearby to The Curious Oyster Bar in Dryades Market.  They were super nice and not only did they have Louisiana Oysters but Alabama and Virginia as well.  If you want seafood and are wanting to stay Uptown or Lower Garden so many better options with waaaay better service! Superior Seafood on St. Charles. Basin Seafood & Spirits on Magazine St. ! Don't waste your money on this chain.